This was a cross-sectional study of full-time academic craniofacial surgeons.	2
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Citation and bibliographic data were obtained from the Web of Science Core Collection.	2
The Turing Award is recognized as the “highest distinction in Computer science" and "Nobel Prize of computing", awarded by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM).	0
In this paper, we propose a classification of scientific journals that composes the journal category “Green and Sustainable Science and Technology" in the period 2014–2018 through the entropy-based disciplinarity indicator (EBDI).	1
The present study is of a practical study with webometric method and a cross-sectional descriptive-analytical approach.	3
However, China and India have made large strides and improved their rankings (5 to 2 and 10 to 5 respectively) in 2022 (Table 2).	4
We identified OA articles through CC licenses in Crossref metadata records (Hendricks et al., 2020) and then downloaded the XML version of all CC-licensed articles published in a hybrid journal.	3
Our data comes from the journal Functional Ecology.	2
The Matthew Effect of CBP for intra-regional collaborative papers is stronger than for inter-regional collaborative papers.	5
This study describes the basic methodological approach and the results of URAP-TR, the first national ranking system for Turkish universities.	1
In order to have a better understanding of the research dynamics, another dataset including 25,869 publications of the world has also been collected.	2
We thus believe that the proposed measures can serve as useful complementaries of the long-established measures of scientific influence.	5
The number of citations per paper was not associated with academic rank.	4
During the past decade 33,235 book reviews in SCIE 311,947 book reviews in SSCI and 484,881 book reviews in A&HCI were published.	4
The founding dates of each top journal vary, resulting in different numbers of years counted.	0
1Laboratory of Digital and Computational Demography, Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research (MPIDR), Rostock, Germany	0
For this study, coverage was calculated as the fraction of documents that are searchable in a given system of all relevant documents retrieved from all systems.	3
This paper presents the findings of an exploratory, mixed methods research study that investigates researcher's awareness of predatory publishing practices in Ghana.	1
While these tests can be conducted manually, scaling them up for use in a production environment requires automated methods such as those described here.	5
For the qualitative analysis of a transformative role of the research evaluation system, we conducted 15 semi-structured interviews with editors-in-chiefs or managing editors of Polish journals from the SSH.	2
Communicating the Ethos of Reasonableness in the Authorship of Natural Sciences	0
We now describe the experimental set-up and discuss the results achieved.	0
Then, our approach clusters knowledge graphs in their main topics and automatically extracts information such as the most relevant concepts in topics and overlapping concepts between topics.	3
Acknowledgements The financial support provided to Maria Victoria Uribe Bohorquez by FEDER and Junta de Castilla y León (Grant BU069P20) is gratefully acknowledged.	0
When the 100 top cited articles had been identified, we collected the following information for each record: all WOS database citations, year of publication, journal, author names, authors' affiliation, country of origin and topics indexed for each record.	3
Figure 2(c) shows nearly half of these CRPI references published after the CRPI notice were published at least 12 months after the corresponding CRPI editorial notice.	4
Total number of Scopus indexed publications from Jordan has increased by 57.9% over the past 10 years.	4
To accurately assess the scientific impact of a paper, a theoretical model of scientific impact using citations is established.	1
Notably, the graphical representation portraying publication themes related to “FAW,” which is linked to SDG 2 (Zero Hunger), followed closely by SDG 3 (Good Health and Wellbeing), underscores the pivotal role of scholarly publications in influencing policy directives, funding priorities, and research initiatives aimed at realizing the SDGs.	4
The complex dynamic interactions finally result in the increment effects of the number of articles on journal citation which is stronger for JSC and citable items.	5
Regarding publisher impact, 80.5 per cent of the books and chapters remained uncited.	4
Therefore, 115 disciplines with equivalent classes across WoS and VIP were compared in this study (see Appendix S1), which account for 66.08% of Chinese publications (959,728 of 1,452,380) in WoS and 65.15% of the literature (19,472,497 of 29,889,566) in VIP.	2
Our investigation uncovers a nuanced narrative that illuminates the potential interplay between accessibility and post publication peer review engagement.	5
The dataset of this study is collected from Scopus, a bibliographic database curated by Elsevier.	2
Upon Pearson correlation analysis for h, g and ψ indices of the 50 reviewers, the strengths of correlation are found as: (i) 0.9037 (for h and g), (ii) 0.9863 (for ψ and g) and (iii) 0.9254 (for ψ and h).	3
In total, 800 top-cited articles between 1975 and 2014 in the domain of bioethics were retrieved and analysed.	2
In this perspective, our goal is to present and elucidate a thus far largely overlooked problem that is arising in scientific publishing, namely the identification and discovery of citation cartels in citation networks.	1
Acknowledgments: The authors offer their gratitude to the outstanding, enthusiastic faculty of Boston University (BU), who are central to the development of ARCs and research progress.	0
Originally, three co-creation sessions were planned between April and July 2020, facilitated by an Innovation-by- Design agency (www.appolo18.be).	2
David Nicholas, Ian Rowlands, Anthony Watkinson, David Brown and Hamid Jamali 2012	0
Total citations per article for the 100 most-cited ranged from 290 to 3,144 citations.	4
The aim of the study was to highlight the fate of orthodontic publications detailing where orthodontic research papers are published.	1
Domestic collaborative publications have a much lower IAP than international collaborative publications, and the latter have a lower IAP than all publications worldwide.	4
Some of this work was carried out on the Dutch national e-infrastructure with the support of the SURF Foundation.	0
The primary difference of the ASA method with SJR and other journal ranking methods is that the respondent group are active scholars who have recently published in the relevant journals and relative journal rankings are determined endogenously from responses on quality (Likert scale of 1 to 5) and awareness for each journal.	5
Note: Values indicate incidence rate ratios (IRR); *** represents p<0.001, ** represents p<0.01, * represents p<0.05	0
Current data suggest a preference for publication of COVID-19-related preprints over the observed period.	5
In Model II, distinct shells picked by a walker are assigned to real topic tuples used by a random scientist.	3
The publication specialties, composition, and position of NTD researchers within Canada's NTD country network provide evidence that while Canadian researchers currently remain the overall gatekeepers of the NTD research they generate; there is opportunity to leverage existing research collaborations and help advance regions and NTD areas that are currently under-developed.	5
In addition, this study summarized the various names of the AIP mechanism as follows: Advance Articles, Articles ASAP (As Soon As Publishable), Articles in Press, Early Access Articles, Early View, Forthcoming Issue, Latest articles, Online First, and Publish Ahead of Print.	0
However, pre-service teachers’ attitude (p=0.152, t= ?1.833, p>0.05), PBC (β= ?0.111, t = ?1.000, p>0.05), and AIL (β=0.073, t=1.665, p>0.05) have no significant effect on the use of AI for IBL.	4
Our hypothesis was that the structure of articles, represented by the IMRaD sections, affects the distribution of references in scientific articles.	1
The choice of the Italian case is primarily driven by the availability of input data (cost of labor and capital) and output data (research output disambiguated at the individual level), which we use to measure the research performance of universities.	2
RQ4: Is an article more likely to be published in a higher impact journal if any of its authors publish more cited articles?	1
3, although the number of designed images increases over time, the diversity of the domain’s typical color schemes decreases.	4
The aim of this study is to analyse Spanish research on HIV-AIDS, specifically characterising the contribution of the RIS.	1
Specifically, we collect (1) grant funding information related to the publications, (2) data on topical special issues, (3) on specific journals' internal topic classifications and (4) usage data from the main online bibliographic database of the discipline.	2
A normalized citation count of a publication is equal to the number of citation counts received divided by its age.	3
The DR housed 289 copies (without overlap between them) of 289 articles (81.9%); 288 in PubMed Central (PMC) and one at arXiv.org (Table 2).	4
Yann Lebeau, School of Education and Lifelong Learning, University of East Anglia, Norwich NR4 7TJ, UK.	0
As the Na?ve Bayes Multinomial, a statistical based algorithm, and the Random Forests algorithm, a decision tree algorithm, have been found to give the most successful results, only the performance results from these two algorithms were reported in this study.	3
The top 40 journals were defined as the study group (Table 1).	2
It includes software downloads, software citation in the literature, the citation between the software, that is download, citation and multiplexing.	3
The total number of research works retrieved from Scopus database and published in ESWA journal along a period of time of about 30 years (from the beginning of 1990 to the end of 2019) was 12,573 documents.	4
We also investigate the relationship between points scored at the IMO and subsequent achievements in a regression format at the individual level.	3
More specifically, we propose to investigate whether social media attention increases both the number of co-authors and citing authors at the level of individual researchers, asking whether those researchers who receive more attention on social media also stand out in terms of the breadth of their citation and/or co-publication networks.	1
We also collected all 926,552 publications along with 1,205,144 citation records in CSSCI between 2006 and 2015, to measure the disparity between disciplines.	2
Apparent declines in recent years must be interpreted with caution as additional papers may be retracted in the future, thereby reversing this decline.	0
In case of disagreement between the two reviewers, consensus was achieved through open discussion.	0
This will be discussed further on when considering the regression results below.	0
The average annual corresponding research growth of LIS publications at global level remained 10.46%.	4
The econometric results show that the model that was formulated to represent Brazilian scientific production is statistically significant at 95 per cent.	4
The data for all journals are given from 1970, and were downloaded from ISI on September 28, 2013.	2
Key words analysis showed that the most frequent research area is connected with the building of various simulation models and the utilization of mathematical tools in coal investigations.	4
The 100 papers were published in 33 journals, and most of them were clinical researches (n = 47).	4
Out of all Active journals, approximately 43 % have high impact and reach JCR or SJR databases, and 26 % have relatively higher impact and are thus collected in the JCR database.	4
Received: 4 August 2022/Accepted: 1 March 2023/Published online: 27 March 2023	0
There was large variability across scientific subfields (eg, current funding: 31% of career-long impact top-cited scientists in geriatrics, 30% in bioinformatics and 29% in developmental biology, but 0% in legal and forensic medicine, general psychology and cognitive sciences, and gender studies).	4
Meeting abstracts, letter to the editors, editorial material, reprints, book reviews or corrections were excluded from the study.	2
Publications on ACL surgery have increased over the past decade, likely due to the presence of competing surgical approaches and the recently recognized risk of osteoarthritis following ACL reconstruction.	5
Gatekeeping instructions were also coded according to whether they pertained issues of: (i) validity e.g.	3
Since 2006, all peer-reviewed publications based on research utilizing ORNL/ NSD data and resources, or conducted by staff affiliated with ORNL/NSD are publicly listed on the directorate's website.	2
In this research, a new hybrid metric, the JDKI, was developed by considering citation-based metrics and co-authorship network-based metrics.	5
We offer suggestions for authors, consumers of research, and reviewers and editors on how to understand, minimize, detect, and deter detrimental forms of HARKing in future research.	5
The top tier of Indian LIS faculties by publications, have more publications, citations for most-cited publication, and larger h-index than the lowest tier in the U.S. (though these researchers do have a higher number of citations per publication).	4
We use the metaphor of a virus to illustrate how such studies can spread and contaminate the knowledge system, when they continue to be treated as valid.	1
The paper provides the results of the first phase of the research project Trust and Authority in Scholarly Communications in the Light of the Digital Transition.	1
A longer discussion of this topic is, however, outside the scope of this article.	0
A review and revision of this policy document began in spring 2018.	3
Using the 2018 data, the estimated average APC in an OA-only model is 3066 USD (+8.6% in comparison to the current value).	4
This paper introduces a refinement of the worth that we call the balanced worth, which overcomes its excessive sensitivity to the differences in the outcome distributions, by taking into account the probability of ties.	5
The details can be found in Langmuir's notes, as transcribed and edited by R.	0
The main reason that incentivizes ECRs to use altmetrics (Figure 2) is to discover whether their papers had obtained traction (M=4.13) via growing their active user base, number of downloads, etc., without much time lags, if not close to real-time.	4
The analysis confirms an association between publication productivity and institutional type, with an inverse relation between large-scale engagement in the practices of teacher education (represented by student numbers) and the production of research on teacher education that is judged to be of high quality.	4
In contrast, for high-cited publications, GS found to have higher performance that is related to the Matthew effect.	4
The schematic diagram for searching PKU and NTU articles is shown in Figure 1.	0
Vector semantic models are first generated in order to assess the topicality of each issue type through disciplinary comparison of intraissue similarity scores for both titles and abstracts.	3
To identify particularly important MeSH that served as bridges linking different knowledge clusters, we developed a metric that quantifies the degree to which individual nodes connect distinct clusters in a weighted and non-sparse co-occurrence network.	3
This relationship between center affiliation and likelihood of quick citations is not diminished by controlling for quick self-citations in the second model, although the number of authors is no longer significant in the second model.	4
Publication in a prestigious (high eigenfactor) venue indicates that research is generating findings that other scientists judge to be important; provisional patent applications signal that results might generate patentable knowledge; and SBIR/STTR grants, licenses, and development agreements are signs of progress toward commercialization.	3
Our findings show that there is a negative and significant relationship between scientific collaboration and novelty.	4
It begins by summarizing the evolution of scientific publishing, in particular how it was shaped by the learned societies, and highlights how important quality assurance and scientific management mechanisms are being challenged by the recent introduction of ever more stringent open access mandates.	3
For instance, in the first cluster of Germany, Japan, and China, one can see three different orders of ranks: 2-3-4 (A); 4-2-3 (B; D); 3-2-4(C; E).	0
We investigated the architecture of the constructed author-paper affiliation network using the list of included SRs and MAs as seminal nodes.	3
Most agreed that the training was helpful in improving their peer-review skills, and that the training was helpful in improving their writing skills.	4
Section 4 presents and discusses the main results, and Section 5 concludes.	0
One third of these top 50 papers discussed optimization related issues.	4
We exploit a large database, recently constructed by the European University Micro Data (Eumida) Consortium under a European Commission tender, supported by DG EAC (Directorate General for Education and Culture), DG RTD (Directorate General for Research and Innovation), and Eurostat.	2
In a third step, we analyzed the factors influencing the existence of interactions between researchers using exponential random graph models (ERGMs), developed specifically for this purpose (Robins and Lusher 2013b).	3
Second, the same procedure is followed to display the web data from the universities (page count, mention, impact, and usage indicators).	0
Evaluating the pace of clinical research, results dissemination, and knowledge uptake in synthesized literature can help establish realistic expectations for the time course of clinical trials research and their relative impact toward influencing clinical practice.	1
According to the findings, the majority and especially the researcher elite (90.5%) did not sever ties with their country of origin, Greece, but instead built a chain of affiliations that linked nations together.	4
The article analyzes 299 leading international journals in economics using quantifiable Research Assessment Measures (RAMs), and highlights the similarities and differences in various RAMs, which are based on alternative transformations of citations and influence.	1
According to our findings, regardless of gender, performance metrics, measured by the number of publications, citation counts, journal impact factor, being involved in more diverse research areas, and having a higher degree of internationalization play crucial roles in acquiring network positions with a high degree centrality.	5
2013 ASIS&T Published online 9 July 2013 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
Journal titles that were dropped by the DOAJ were moved to a new title list so that their indexing could be compared with those titles that continue to be listed in the DOAJ.	3
In this study, the literature was accessed from Scopus and WoS.	2
To identify European typologies of older people, cluster analysis was employed to discern distinct groups among the study participants.	3
The last column of Table 1 contains the number of citations received by the most cited paper that year.	0
This sub-group that reviews on at least 7 panels over the 3-year timeframe will be referred to as Rev7 hereafter in this manuscript.	0
As expected, the discussion sessions resulted in improved attendance and participation with ten to twelve participants at every session.	4
This study explores the current practices of research support related to open access, bibliometric, and research data management services offered in Hungarian academic libraries.	1
Therefore, we took the scholars on the 2012 CSC Mobility Funding Scheme Admission List of Visiting Scholars (hereinafter referred to as “the List”; it includes visiting scholars and postdoctoral researchers) as our research subjects.	2
This result demonstrates that scientific collaboration, mainly at the international level backed Cuban research on Natural Science to foster its international visibility and its impact in the past 35 years.	5
Using a text mining application on the one-to-one co-author pair affiliation field 'authors with affiliations' (provided by Scopus), distinct number of affiliations (departments), institutes and countries are retrieved for each publication.	3
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
I write this article with the hope that the ideas I share here will stimulate conversation and perhaps provide insights useful to manuscript submitters, journal editors and reviewers, and to the Academy as a whole.	5
Furthermore, exploration/exploitation mediates the relationships between the personal dispositions and productivity.	4
As the four section types of the IMRaD sequence give the rhetorical framework of articles, the distribution of references across these types are important factors to consider when studying citation functions and citation acts.	5
Furthermore, although the negative effect of Arab spring on the citation count of several Arab countries such as Tunisia, Lebanon and Algeria can be explained by the effect of political instability after 2011 on the work process of home research facilities (Hassan 2001) and on the immigration of local highly-qualified scientists for seeking better life and research conditions (Franzoni et al.	4
We find that prior mobility is particularly strongly associated to career advancement of type 1 (R2 to R3/R4), while return mobility is associated to career advancement of type 2 (R3 to R4).	4
A higher median of the H and SJR index was found in journals with a social network (82 vs.	4
Figures 1, 2, and 3 show graphs of the numbers in Table 1.	0
On the period analysed 522,789 papers were published, of which 467,945 were cited.	4
The information provided in each article of our dataset can be regarded as a bipartite network (Newman, 2010), i.e.	3
We aimed at bridging this gap with a hand-curated dataset of 81 junior faculty members from 27 information schools.	1
Such a shift may then call for entirely different types of policy actions.	5
The frequency of co-authored documents is higher for North-South collaboration than for South-South collaboration.	4
To this end, we analyze the temporal distances between a referencing publication and the cited publication, denoted as the reference distance Δr.	3
We conclude that high impact journals do not address clinical research in surgery and when they do, there is a delay before such papers are cited.	5
Keywords Societal impact · Relevance · Third mission · Universities · Policy instrument Problematization	0
The VOSviewer (version 1.5.5) was used for constructing and viewing bibliometric science maps (Waltman et al., 2010; Van Eck and Waltman, 2011; Van Eck et al., 2010).	3
The author affiliations for these results were largely from the USA and the UK.	4
Purposive and snowball sampling was used to recruit respondents.	3
We use the real-world data from Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG), which is a large and heterogeneous graph.	2
Specifically, doctoral students whose partnership ability index is greater than 2, student-mentor coauthorship count is greater than 4, coauthorship unit count is greater than 6, and betweenness centrality is greater than 0.02 are considered to have greater research impact.	4
The second step of CCA is to classify conferences into tiers.	3
By the end of 2022, with 3 years of R&P deals, more than half of all content in the five hybrid journals had been published OA.	4
Using data from Table 1, the position in the whole-career rank ranged between 22,950 and 100,707 (CV=48%) and from 13,539 to 148,194 (CV=58%) for single-year (2019) rank.	4
Scientific disruption may bring chaos to the subsequent scientific evolution.	5
This study presents a corpus analysis of academic integrity policies from Higher Education Institutions (HEIs) worldwide, exploring how they address the issues posed by technological threats, such as Automated Paraphrasing Tools and generative-artificial intelligence tools, such as ChatGPT.	1
Publications in the ELS database were matched with publications in the Web of Science (WoS) database.	3
Round 1 asked four open-ended questions regarding actions of good reviewers, indicators of quality, training that would prepare new reviewers and strategies/development opportunities for reviewers to pursue on their own.	3
The impact factor of the quoting journals was assessed using the ISI Web of Knowledge Journal Citation Reports (Thomson Reuters, NY) from the year of the publication.	3
Scholarly metrics that included publication number, total citations, highest cited article and H-index were compared between degrees using multivariate regression adjusted for academic rank and years since first publication.	2
Eigenvector centrality is an index designed to see the centrality of a certain node by reflecting the centralities of other relevant nodes.	3
For applicants to both NIH and NSF, journal articles remained the most commonly cited resource, which is understandable given the importance placed on publishing in journals among the academic community.	5
The network density of all 273 TLDs in the hyperlink network was .657, meaning 65.7% of possible links among the TLDs existed.	4
Of these, 1,645 did not meet inclusion criteria and were excluded, leaving 4,635 records for analysis (Figure 1).	0
4 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2016	0
Bibliometric analysis is a quantitative method to retrospect and describe published papers, which is helpful for researchers to evaluate academic studies in a focal field [21, 22].	3
This paper examines the intellectual structure of evaluation by means of citation analysis.	1
Our results suggest that the quantity of lost knowledge production arising from cross-country differences in the productivity of IMO participants is sizeable and that this lost knowledge production is not easily replaceable by that of other mathematicians.	5
The Australian ORL-HNS Academic Surgeons also rank highly on an individual basis when compared to global peers.	5
Although confounding factors exist in our new system (e.g., a wider pool of researchers/staff contacted and services added to VICTR and the adjudication process over time), we feel that a major contributor to the increased rate of attribution is the switch to a just-in-time process rather than collecting information annually.	5
We evaluated 8411 abstract submissions to the annual meetings of the German Cardiac Society (Deutsche Gesellschaft für Kardiologie/Herz-Kreislaufforschung, DGK) between 2006 and 2010.	2
The following section starts by describing the sociodemographic features of the sample.	0
It is argued that such measures can be misleading when assessing small groups of researchers such as within a department, and that they may provide limited usefulness for leaders at different levels of an organization.	1
The study has circumscribed to the 25 largest subject categories in terms of publications by year 2015.	2
Finally, 9289 articles were exported for bibliometric analysis.	2
All the data for clinical trials and publications are preprocessed to align to a predefined data format and added to Elasticsearch, which serves as a full-text search and analytics engine for clinical trials and publications.	3
World contributions to cryptology research (given under World-total) has been obtained from MathSciNet database using search expression “(MSC Primary = (94A60 or 94A62 or 11T71 or 14G50 or 68P25 or 81P94) AND Publication_Type = (Journals)) AND pubyear = 2001”.	2
The largest component of the pharmaceutical field contains 107 nodes, which is relatively large, so we chose a Lambda of 6.	0
It is evident that the number of papers published in Russian journals has a significant effect on the attitude to metrics.	4
Bigrams that were recorded eight or more times fell into the following five types.	4
This inferential analysis was made with a non-parametric statistic (Kruskal-Wallis test) due to the failure of the normality assumption or because of the ordinal nature of the data.	3
If post-misconduct careers in research are possible, how common are these second chances?	1
BalancerGNN trained with balanced batches consistently outperforms other methods, showing strong abilities in identifying fraud cases, with sensitivity rates ranging from 72.87% to 81.23% across datasets while balancing specificity.	4
The fact suggests that nursing scholars should be encouraged to collaborate more extensively.	5
Your use of this PDF, the BioOne Web site, and all posted and associated content indicates your acceptance of BioOne's Terms of Use, available at www.bioone.org/page/ terms_of_use.	0
It also systematically investigates the availability of early citations in Microsoft Academic from a disciplinary perspective.	1
The heterogeneous network under consideration is composed of three networks, shown in Fig.	0
It removes the effects of statement or guideline papers, clinical trials, or papers with statistical information.	5
Therefore, we submitted the query “BC” in the title field on the Web of Science Core Collection, with time-span limited to 2004–2013, for English-language titles, which resulted in 2,830 titles.	3
The empirical evidence supports the conclusion that the most important criterion in seeking a journal for the publication of our manuscripts is the fit between the article content and the expectations of the journal's target audience.	5
A heterogeneous network is constructed with the weighted citation links and several other features.	3
The survey results showed that pre-service teachers' Al literacy, subjective norm, attitude to the use of AI, perceived behavioral control, and perceived usefulness have significant effects on their intention to use AI for inquiry-based teaching.	4
Two distinct 'cohorts' of manuscripts submitted to Tl were used (Table 1).	2
All research articles published on COVID-19 in the first 11 months of 2020 in the British Medical Journal (BMJ), The Lancet, the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) and the New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) were identified through the journal websites.	2
Does the attachment rule explain the accumulation of citations, and what are its limits?	1
We curated a database of all articles published from 2002 to 2015 from the 3 highest impact factor medical journals: New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM), the Lancet, and the Journal of American Medical Association (JAMA).	2
The frequency of this false positive was determined in: journals; country of author(s); publishers; research fields.	3
Foram pesquisados títulos, resumos e palavras-chave que tenham os termos “chemometric” ou “chemometrics”, visto que é uma base de dados em revistas internacionais.	3
Descriptive statistics for soil science papers published in 2018 in nine journals.	0
Of course, scientists do not seek to simply learn about research by other scholars; in some cases, they seek to adopt and utilize those developments in their own work.	0
Author- and country-specific h-index was calculated as described (Hirsch, 2005; Jacsó, 2009b).	3
The continuing existence of other subsidies, however, means that there is still a degree of dependency in the Chinese system, and it will take time for its academic publishers to grow into real market players and to enhance their competitiveness.	4
There was greater international collaboration on articles and reviews in Gold OA, especially in the pure model (publications in Gold Open Access journals), and the percentage of articles cited was higher in the Green OA and Gold OA models than in a non-OA model.	4
1), we employ a series of statistical modeling techniques inspired by the concept of a multiverse analysis Steegen et al.	3
We show that the emerging organisations phenomenon has a true conceptual ‘identity' that possesses precise and well-bounded components.	5
higher values of NP and Q1), as expected in the first hypothesis.	5
Our next step was to identify excellent research by selecting investigators publishing in journals in the first quartile of the reproductive biology category whose articles had more than 1,000 citations.	2
The present study introduces a new citation tool for analysis, in addition to the three sources used in 2007, along with a different methodology in order to determine whether one database is better than another for citation analysis.	1
Although the results obtained confirm and reinforce the previous findings, the possible causes of this phenomenon keep unclear.	4
In addition to the significant rise after 2009, the KSA surpassed the global average in 2011, indicating that 2009's Saudi incentives program has boosted its publications' quality, as shown in Fig.	4
Nevertheless, the smallness of the core and sub-cores may imply further considerations for the evaluation of team research purposes and activities.	5
We employed a fixed-effect model to examine the relationship between the papers reviewed by prestigious reviewers and the emotional and linguistic features of peer review texts during the 1st peer review process.	3
*Critical values (that is, higher values than the critical values are statistically significant)	0
Does the quality of an internationally collaborative journal article with the UK depend on which countries collaborate?	1
The study found that 97.6% of all articles and reviews in the sample were successfully found in Google Scholar.	0
A fourth investigator reviewed all data, harmonising interpretations and resolving any errors.	0
These figures total more than 2,640 because many authors published in more than one of the subperiods.	0
The most innovative aspect of the study is to apply the theory of percolation transition for the purpose of filtering out weaker edges, first proposed by Small (2009) for the purpose of clustering co-citation networks.	5
The aim of this paper is to extend our knowledge about the power-law relationship between citation-based performance and collaboration patterns for papers by analyzing its behavior at the level of a national science system.	1
73% of responding educators reported that AssignmentWatch helped them to identify relevant instances of their assessments appearing online.	4
However, after peaking in 2013, the number of publications has since decreased.	4
The results suggest that multiple affiliations are widespread, with more than a quarter of respondents reporting at least one co-affiliation in the previous five years.	5
1, which shows the annual number of forestry publications in the different world regions during the period 2000 to 2021.	4
To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues or clients, contact us at www.rsna.org/rsnarights.	0
Through Scopus, the total number of papers published in the identified hybrid OA journals in 2013-2015 (accounting for 52,150 documents) was detected and their bibliographic information was downloaded and then categorized based on their access models as it follows.	2
It also confirms the need for funding programs targeting early career researchers, such as one from the Department of Energy (science.osti.gov/early-career).	5
In this article we examine publication data with scientometric methods to explore the hypothesis that knowledge production has been and will likely continue to be in part driven by path dependencies using the field of tropical marine sciences as a global case study.	1
Despite increased usage, the results suggest readers are skeptical of scholars' implementation of stylistic title cues.	5
To this end, the first specification is as follows: ABCi,t = a0 + b1976Yeari,1976 + b1977 Yeari,1977 + ...	3
The results evidence a positive effect of external collaborations on academic performance, where the coefficients are statistically significant.	4
When looking at all three specifications, the overall home bias is estimated in the range of 1.68 and 3.86 (e0.52 and e1.35, respectively, implying that domestic articles that domestic articles are cited up to three times as often as those from abroad even if accounting for the included distance measures.	4
These findings provided a structured and research-based viewpoint of COVID-19 in Iran to guide researchers and policymakers.	5
The collected data have been parsed and prepared in Excel and analysed in SPSS using descriptive statistics (frequency, mean, median and percentages), chi-squared-test as well as parametric and non-parametric tests (T-test and Mann-Whitney U).	3
Responses varied widely from individuals in the same discipline, same level of experience, and same geographic region.	4
Our proposed approach outperformed both the baseline and machine learning-based models by 9.46% and increased performance by 62% in terms of the f1-score.	4
Alternative metrics (altmetrics) is a relatively new measure developed for capturing research impact through non-traditional methods.	1
The online version of this article has been published under an open access model.	0
I use Gender-API.com, a popular online platform interface for determining a scholar's sex (male/female) and therefore gender based on their first/full names (and country).	3
The following result provides a closed expression for the moment of any order statistics.	0
What were the main contents of the COVID-19- related research papers on the LIS journal?	1
China's articles ranked eighth (third in 2012) in total number, with most of the contributions occurring since 2002 (91.33%).	4
Citations identified as government (2) were further coded as national government (NG), inter-governmental organizations (IGO) and state and regional government (SR).	3
This article compares six informetric approaches to determine cognitive distances between the publications of panel members (PMs) and those of research groups in discipline-specific research evaluation.	1
The dependent variable is a scale-free measure of normalized WAI indicator, calculated from the mean and the SD of period of 2001–2003.	0
This study used the institutions classified as doctorate-granting institutions by Carnegie Classification System.	2
In the search query, a broad range of terms like “2019-nCoV” OR “COVID-19” OR “Coronavirus Disease 2019" OR "Novel Coronavirus Pneumonia” OR “2019 novel coronavirus” OR “SARS-CoV-2” OR “2019 Novel Coronavirus Diseases” were applied.	2
The 20,403 bibliographic references used here are authored by researchers affiliated with at least one of the five universities in Flanders (Belgium), for which comprehensive publication data since the year 2000 have been collected in the VABB-SHW database (Engels et al.	2
The index is applied here to rank Central Universities in India.	1
Overall, researchers with High a (numbered 6–9) place importance in high JIF journals, the number of citations, and international collaborations while they do not place importance in field specific journals, the h-index, local collaborations or the number of publications.	4
Out of 709 article abstracts with subject term “open access,” 72% were classified with “barrier" codes.	4
Specifically, we examine four key early-career factors (researchers' university prestige, journal ranking of their top publication, collaboration with other prominent researchers, and overall impact of their early research) which we find capture the scientific achievements during the first 5 years of the career.	1
(2014) we rely on the discipline-specific percentile of journal ranking according to its citation impact.	3
Hence, this research was conducted as an effort to understand the institutional repository as an infrastructure in the development of scholarly communication in selected university libraries in Indonesia.	1
The annual percentage change of the most recent trend line, which is the best indicator for predicting future SNIP values, was the largest for the International Journal of Nursing Studies.	4
The assumption of our study is that the country of affiliation of authors and their country of residence during the pandemic in 2020/2021 were the same.	0
No one can deny that certain programs are perceived to be on the rise and others in decline.	0
Our objective was to propose a list of seminal papers deemed to be of major importance in ecology, thus providing a general 'must-read' list for any new ecologist, regardless of particular topic or expertise.	1
Note: The figure pools the Nobel Prize winner and great inventor data.	0
Then Ucinet and Net Draw social networks visualization software were used for data analysis and data characterization respectively.	3
The focus of this study is thus not to identify the best indicator for the measure of individual performance, rather to identify how to use them to compare researchers from different fields (apples to oranges).	1
Table 2 List of 1970–2005 Articles Receiving More than 500 Cites	0
The geographical distance between countries does not pose a barrier to international collaboration.	5
The trade literature suggests to add origin and destination fixed effects to the analysis (e.g., Helpman et al.	0
The Georgia Tech-centered community is characterized by numerous external author organizational affiliations collaborating with Georgia Tech authors in a clear internal-external collaboration pattern.	4
In the second phase, after collecting the funded researchers’ data, Elsevier’s Scopus was considered for gathering all the information related to the articles (e.g.	2
A set of 17 bibliometric indicators were determined for each applicant.	3
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.1007/s00296-019-04459-6) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
4079 articles on patient safety were identified in the period from 1900 to 2014.	2
This way, they can easily reach more potential customers throughout the world (Dholakia, Kshetri 2004; Vivekanandan, Rajendran 2006; Berthon et al.	0
The aim of this study is to compare the annual SJR and to evaluate the other parameters that show the scientific effect of journals in terms of open access (OA) or subscription access (SA) in the field of obstetrics and gynecology according to the SCImago database.	1
1b): (i) Early Riser (ER) The trajectory of an entity should contain only one peak and the peak should appear within the first 5 years (including the fifth year) of its appearance (but not at the first year), i.e., |AT(e)| = 1 and t ∈ AT(e) : (t ≠ tstart) ∧ (t ?	3
The purpose of this study was to examine the effect of open access on the policy impact, which might initiate a new controversial topic.	1
Of the recipients of expired K08 awards, 39% recipients were subsequently awarded an R01 grant.	4
92 COLLNET JOURNAL OF SCIENTOMETRICS AND INFORMATION MANAGEMENT 2(1) JUNE 2008	0
In 2016, 38 per cent of academic journals indexed in Scopus were still under a classic subscription model.	4
The GHSOM technique [13] is applied to handle this task (The GHSOM toolbox was downloaded from: http://www.ifs.tuwien.ac.at/~andi/ ghsom/download.html (accessed on 6 May 2022)).	3
Distribution of the identified K-pop YouTube videos by the category as assigned by the video uploader.	0
I argue that peer review is intrinsically biased, regardless of whether we use narrative CVs, and so the goalposts should be shifted from debiasing peer review to addressing inequalities in science.	4
Consider the question: if additional software were added to the capital stock of software, how much economic growth would it generate?	0
This study uses a similar data collection method from previous work (Lu, 2020), but automates the data collection process and extends the coverage to include new MeSH introduced from 2001 to 2010.	2
To ensure that publications have enough citing records, we select publications published in 1971–2010 with at least one citation, which covers 39,790,276 publications in our empirical study.	2
One hundred twenty faculty (N=120) chose to participate in the online survey (54% response rate).	2
Our analysis spans 19 nations (all members of the G20 group, excluding the EU) and involves a total of 728,374 authors and 8,412,543 publications.	1
The dataset used in this paper comprises the titles, abstracts, and keywords of articles gathered from the Web of Science (WoS).	2
Our main argument is that accessibility, and thus Open Access, is only one part of a broader challenge over the democratization of knowledge, which we call 'epistemic justice'.	5
In contrast to international studies, the proportion of funding by author processing fees is only minimal.	5
This hypothesis is supported by the highly significant correlation found between GDP and GDP PPP and publication productivity.	5
The imbalance in academic hiring illustrated in this study is likely one of the mechanisms responsible for the marked lack of diversity in geoscience.	5
Among all covariates under examination, “Environment: peers collaborating” (X11) presents the highest odds ratio, confirming the indication of Tartari et al.	4
The publication window was set to 1996–2019 and limited to three document types1 (articles, notes and reviews) and seven subject areas2 (Arts and Humanities, Computer science, Engineering, Mathematics, Medicine, Physics and Astronomy, Social sciences).	2
A total of 425 MCAs were published in 93 journals, led by the Cancer Research (n = 58) and Journal of Clinical Oncology (n = 53).	4
Finally, as a proxy for reviewer risk tolerance [13–15], participants completed the 13-item Openness to Experience scale from the NEO-Five Factor Inventory 3 [13–15,21], which has previously established reliability, validity, and norms.	3
The analyses were performed with the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) software (version 20.0, SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL).	0
The three top cited (more than 10 times citations) articles in art criticism were published in 1993 and 1999.	4
We use Altmetrics data to measure the number of times a preprint was mentioned on Twitter (aggregated at the monthly level), by type of tweeter.	2
The research questions addressed in the paper are as follows: (1) What is the trend in knowledge production, quality of research, and collaboration of ASEAN and its member states in plant biotechnology?	1
We build a classification of eight academic regions in order to examine the results of the expansion in terms of geographical and institutional asymmetries.	3
The search strategy included the term 'global warming'.	2
At the individual level, professors of the same academic rank in this specific case, we can measure the average yearly productivity, termed the fractional scientific strength (FSS), as follows:	3
In other words, the chi-square test for independence is used to see “whether distributions of categorical variables differ from each other” (Statistics How To, 2020).	0
It appears that users are not only less privileged researchers from countries with limited access, so there may be other factors at play.	5
In the years 2018/2019, “J Arthroplasty" published 1,452 articles, “KSSTA” published 1,390 articles, and "BMC Musculoskeletal Disorders" published 1,289 articles, making them the leading journals in this time period with an increase of 187.5%, 238.2%, and 284.8% respectively compared to 2008/2009.	4
Although the first analgesia administration had minimal effect on NRS, subsequent doses appeared to have even less of an impact.	5
Our longitudinal study resulted into 676 (about 0.5% of the total) potentially L-L papers.	4
The Emerald Research Register for this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/researchregister	0
Is this too complex for analysts to explain to policy makers?	0
In Table 1, it is obviously that China falls behind both in average citation count per publication and in highest citation for single publication.	4
The largest number of editorial misconduct instances occurred during copyediting and typesetting (n3 = 13, representing 24%).	4
What are the most common materials academics submit for archiving in institutional repositories in Nigerian universities?	1
Received: 4 November 2020 / Accepted: 9 November 2021 / Published online: 13 January 2022	0
An analysis of the countries that produced most publications in the field of legal medicine shows that countries with high financial power have a say in the field.	5
Overall, this study quantifies the differences in paper level classifications among three different methods, i.e., a citation-based method from InCites, a text-based method from Dimensions, and an author-selected method from Springer Nature.	5
Additionally, we identified the temporal trends and patterns of institutional partnerships to generate information for science and technology policy and decision-making for directing research efforts.	1
The reviewers are asked to grade the manuscript on its public health relevance, originality and quality of analysis.	0
What are the general characteristics of books with the highest library print and electronic holdings?	1
Hence, the giant component can be regarded as a small-world during the period from 2005 to 2013.	4
The present study's principal investigator (PI) systematically compiled detailed information on PESS postgraduate degree programs (MS/MPhil/PhD) offered at various HEls in Pakistan.	2
To assess the effects of both size and composition on scholarly productivity, we standardize the composition variables by calculating the proportion of instrumental resources in the network and the proportion of advice resources related to the work environment.	3
The number of ESI fields in which a group of articles is cited may tell us something about the original publication set.	0
Each paper was thus tagged into one of the 14 broad disciplinary categories and results for different disciplines were computed accordingly.	3
Spain leads the group of Ibero-American countries, with 1,992 papers (33.3%), followed by Brazil with 1,414 (23.7%), Chile with 574 (9.6%) and Mexico with 503 (8.4%).	4
Our findings are followed by the discussion on the measurements of inequality and their axioms regarding the institutional Matthew effect, suggesting more consideration on the nature of the data and the context.	5
The objectives were to compare the following categories among the department chairs in their pre- and post-promotion phases: (1) research productivity; (2) the pattern of authorship position in scientific publications; and (3) the scholarly impact in terms of m-index and NIH funding opportunities.	1
We also found that 50% of the top 500 titles came from three publishers: 148 were from Elsevier (29.6 %), 55 were from Wiley (11 %), and 51 were from Springer Nature (10.2 %).	4
values were calculated using the citations received by the articles in the WoS database (accessed January 2013).	2
Lastly, we investigated the relevance of the JIF for selecting references for inclusion in the guidelines by performing correlation tests between the citation count of articles from particular journals and the JIF of publications referenced by the guidelines as a whole and between the citation count and the JIF of publications within topic-related guidelines.	3
The correlation between the variables studied was determined using Pearson's correlation coefficient (r) with number of citations or IF as independent variables, and Altmetric score as dependent variable.	3
We found that the absolute numbers of book reviews among all the three indexes were relatively stable but the relative shares were decreasing.	4
A longitudinal analysis is used to evaluate the citation impact between 2000 and 2019.	3
The basic experiment was to examine citations to various collections of articles published between January 1, 1960 and December 31, 1969.	2
The RN includes members from eight different Canadian universities and was composed of 73 regular members at the time of data collection.	2
In conclusion, this bibliometric analysis offers a comprehensive overview of the scientific literature concerning immunonutrition and cancer research spanning the last 25 years.	5
The statistical software package Stata 12 was used to carry out all the statistical analysis.	3
The purpose of this scientometric study was to conduct an analysis of the research productivity and scholarly impact of academic librarians in Tanzania for a period of 30 years from 1984 to 2013.	1
The average lag time between the research project and first publication of this project was 2.4 years.	4
The Entrez Direct (EDirect) E-utilities “esearch”, “efetch", and "xtract” were used to access the database system (currently 38 databases of biomedical data including the PubMed Kans, 2022; Sayers, 2017)).	3
The results show that the intellectual structure identified by the research grant leads the intellectual structure of a research paper by approximately 1–2 years.	4
Are there broad or narrow field differences in the answers to the above questions?	1
Against this context, this paper seeks to understand how societally targeted funding can shape research.	1
1 shows for each journal the JIF punctual estimation and the 95% CI.	0
Based on this definition, about one-third of the interview subjects gave us a comment that represented an explicit-advance approach to contributorship and co-author crediting, another third provided a comment reflecting an explicit-aftermath approach, just over one-third mentioned a practice that fell into the implicit-advance category, and nearly two-thirds mentioned a situation that was classified as implicit-aftermath.	4
1991), Eij, is written as: Eij = (Cij/C;)*(Cij/Cj), where C; is the frequency of word i, C; the frequency of word j, and Cij the co-occurrence of the two (Kostoff 2003).	3
The data of the study comes from the Scopus database.	2
Among 49 articles suffering delayed recognition we found 13 that are also under-cited influential.	4
Using the number of times an institution's work is cited in the literature as a benchmark of research “success” provides an objective and intuitively meaningful way to compare one program to another, but more importantly to track productivity within a program over time.	5
Finally, we reveal that early Mendeley readership partially mediates between early usage counts and citation counts in the journal and conference papers.	4
In the other regions, the mean impact of the journals is much lower than that in Europe and North America.	0
The definition of the common terms used in the paper is given below.	0
The matrix transformations from the joint country-input space to country space preserve the conservation law.	3
Data analysis was carried out using Excel and Python (using networkx and standard data science packages such as pandas, numpy, and statsmodels), while the figures were made with Cytoscape, Excel and the matplotlib Python package.	3
The first method (CitRank) identifies and ranks the top 32 journal titles based on the concentration of citations.	3
Note: NF, PF, AO, N, and C represent the number of articles as the first author, the proportion of articles as the first author, the average of author order, the number of articles, and the number of citations of articles.	0
Bibliometric analysis is an approach to evaluate the circumstances and trends in specific research field over time and to provide inspiration in future research and policy.	3
The dynamics of the kinship mechanism reinforce patterns of organizational ties in the social structure of the research team.	4
The rankings derive much of their legitimacy from such claims of objectivity.	4
academic librarian (USAL) authors over a ten-year period (2003–2012).	1
The institutions with high number of papers and citations are mainly from the USA and China Mainland.	5
This study thus tests whether collaboration with top-funded scientists shifts up a scientist's performance.	1
Overall, we cover 1,050 articles in SSCI journals that were cited 4,902 times through January 2011.	2
Following the chronological framework set out in Heitor and Horta [18], as inspired by Ruivo [35], the development of the Portuguese S&T system since the early 1970s, and its relationship with higher education and Portuguese society in general, can be divided into four main periods, as described in Table 2.	3
All keywords of the blueberry research based on Web of Science were separated into seven clusters for different research topics.	4
The average number of spam emails was estimated at 4.5 per day, ranging from 0.2 to 12.5 per day.	4
The IITs at Bombay and Kharagpur stand out in terms of research excellence.	4
For example, a reference set may contain a limited number of 10 papers.	0
A final total of 3492 articles were included in the analysis.	2
The results of the topic modeling analysis showed that the total count of publications on the top five most voluminous (most studied) topics constitutes 60.9% of all publications.	5
We identified de novo (type 1) R01 grants funded by National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute in fiscal year 2009: these included 458 funded by meeting Institute's published payline and 165 funded only because of ARRA funding.	2
This list indicates the most influential articles from mainland China in the global spine research community.	5
We see the lexicon-based text mining approach as complementary to other methodologies and a useful contribution to the advancement of the field.	5
We continue to adopt the definition of field diffusion intensity (DINT) by Liu and Rousseau (2010) to measure the knowledge diffusion intensity of LIS, which is the number of citing papers of a set of articles in a particular ESI field.	3
Given the heterogeneous characteristics of scholarly data, our task aims to predict the number of the accepted papers of each institution for top conferences.	1
This study used a multi-institutional online survey as the main instrument to collect data.	2
The keywords associated with Artificial Intelligence (AI) applications in Oncology research are categorized into four clusters, denoted by four distinct colors (Figure 10).	4
Finally, 644 citing articles, denoted as SA1-1, SA1-2, etc., are extracted from 36,941 first-generation citations and are listed in the Top a% Citations sets.	2
Journals that only indexed in Scopus during the study period are displayed in bold	0
Because link-resolver statistics are easy to obtain, the study library especially wanted to know if they correlate highly with the other measures.	1
This article presents the results of a quantitative analysis of Ukrainian Arts and Humanities (A&H) research from 2012 to 2021, as observed in Scopus.	1
Three alternative measures of similarity were employed to delineate these groups.	3
The reader can notice that the mean cumulative impact factor is much more stable than the rank-normalized impact factor in the three cases that we have considered.	4
After collecting the information on the most-cited papers, the authors manually recorded the number of citations for each of these papers using Google Scholar.	3
The Google Scholar profile data show that junior and early-career faculty are more likely to have a profile, political theorists are less likely to have a profile, and those with higher citation counts are more likely to have a profile.	5
Co-authorship is computed for each unique pair of author-article pairs for each article.	3
The research question was: is the BCE and CE notation growing at the expense of BC and AD notation in scholarly literature?	1
A database with 261079 Wikipedia entries was generated with a total of 1214322 references to 848079 individual resources dated between 2004 and 2017.	2
RQ3: What are the prominent topics in the articles in the journal?	1
The paper by Hirsch (2005) has a DI of 0.688.	4
The results show that the average F1 values of PMS and BCCCC are 0.7786 and 0.8420, respectively, indicating that BCCCC performs 8.1% better than PMS.	4
Out of 217,839 articles in KoreaMed published from 1990 to January 2016, the publication type of 111 articles was retraction (0.051%).	2
The correlation between the AAS and the citations in both WOS and Scopus was poor (r = 0.1463 and r = 0.1508, p < .05).	4
For simplicity we will not anymore mention W and P as they are considered to be given.	0
We found six research fields from the analysis of keyword co-occurrence: public health, health literacy & education, telemedicine, mental health & psychology, social media & infodemics, physical activities, and prison reform.	5
This approach has double value as it shows the overall impact of the journal in social web as well as scholarly publications and also provides future directions for the journal's editorial boards.	5
The ANVUR list includes 900 national and international scientific publications, and is intended to cover only the humanistic areas (although as we will see, there are some exceptions to this rule).	2
Moreover, we also use two alternative interdisciplinary measures, i.e., DIV (Leydesdorff et al., 2019) and True Diversity (Zhang et al., 2016).	3
We examined all psychology professors hired from 2010 to 2013/2014 (some were hired a year in advance) in research-oriented universities from the United States and Canada.	2
The data itself is based on dated blog posts collected by the social web content analysis company “Linkfluence" on a fixed perimeter of a librarian-curated set of 1,066 blogs essentially commenting the US presidential election and being active on a period of four months starting on November 1st, 2008.	2
The obtained results for each analysed faculty in Vienna were finally compared with the target agreements for the corresponding time interval.	3
Here we consider the normalized indicator of citation developed for the Scopus SciVal Benchmarking toolbox (See Technical Note 4): Field-weighted Citation Impact (FWCI).	3
Countries 'low' in HDI and GII had the lowest contribution of female participation in science and highest degree of international collaboration.	4
Compared with preprints that have not been published in journals, preprints subsequently published in journals perform better in altmetrics, including article views and AAS.	5
Findings from our exploratory study indicate that nearly half of reviews contain no confidential comments to the editor and that those that do use them in a variety of ways.	5
Because the composition of research staff by academic rank varies across fields and universities, and academic rank in general determines the differentiation of salaries, to take account of costs for the production of HCAs we normalize each research “staff unit” by the average salary of that individual’s academic rank.	3
CbPD implements three citation pattern analysis algorithms at its core, namely, greedy citation tiling (GCT), longest common citation sequence (LCCS), and citation chunking (CC).	3
The retrieval method was performed by typing “e-government” OR “E-GOV” OR “electronic government” OR “e-government affairs” OR “government online” OR “e-governor” OR “government informationization” OR “government informatization" as the "Subject," coupled with “Science Citation Index Expanded, SCI-EXPANDED (SCIE),” "Emerging Sources Citation Index, ESCI,” and “Social Science Citation Index, SSCI” in the "More settings" option, with no time limitation.	2
Without stronger networks, how can most of these public policy journals be ranked so high?	5
Our results support the posited associations of scientists' scientific reputation and disciplinary knowledge diversity with their number of publications in IDR journals.	4
The Matthew Effect provides a positive feedback loop for the performance in science (Tol 2009).	5
By providing practical evidence, Altman's models encompass a variety of fields, including finance, accounting, economics, management, and all of them addresses the area of sustainability.	5
Surprisingly, the investigation of the relationships between credited contributions and author's rank has been limited to a few studies.	1
Citation analysis of the most productive authors in the journal Knowledge Organization (1993-2016).	0
This article draws on chaos theory to critically analyse the recent higher education reforms that have been taking place in Poland.	1
Five-year citation counts were determined for the papers published in 2002-09 to allow fair comparisons between later and earlier papers since previous research in the domain by the authors have used the same fixed window of time.	3
1675): this is exactly what we aim to offer in this paper.	0
Findings from Ordered Logit Models indicate that when the scientific relatedness of a paper is high, this paper is more likely to be un-cited, whereas less likely to be highly-cited.	4
The match rate is over 85 percent and the matched and unmatched inventors appear similar on observables, as documented in Bell et al.	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):??-?, 2015	0
Their hotspots include CARs' readability, financial reporting aggressiveness, firm disclosure genres, firm disclosure content, and corporate impression management.	4
We find that three key measures of scientific progress—major discoveries, methods and fields—each demonstrate that science evolves cumulatively.	4
Next, we extract a distributed representation from a heterogeneous network.	3
In particular, the study addresses the ways in which academics from different generations develop their work experiences and how these experiences influence their knowledge transfer.	1
The last full year of the census period provided the greatest number of publications submitted for assessment in RAEs 1992, 1996, and 2001.	4
For each survey, a stratified sample of 3,000 faculty members was aggregated and sampling weights were calculated by the probability of inclusion in each of the four strata to better generalize to the entire population of U.S. life sciences researchers.	2
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The second main data source is the journal classification list published by the China Computer Federation (CCF), a national academic association in China founded in 1956 (Li et al., 2018).	2
Scholars conducting WoSCC-related research need to be aware of the characteristics and deficiencies of the database and take effective measures to deal with the deficiencies.	5
Fifty-three (53) journals from the discipline of behavioral sciences for the period 2018 have selected from the Journal Ritation report (JCR) of Web of Science (WOS) core collection.	2
Essentially, the problem of full counting is that co-authored publications are counted multiple times, once for each co-author, which creates an unfair advantage to fields with a lot of co-authorship and with a strong correlation between co-authorship and citations.	5
The length of index time and its distribution;	1
Most participants indicated their study received peer review (n=65, 83.3%) and that this was helpful and substantive (n=51, 79.7%).	4
Srite are the most productive and influential authors of the journal, while the National University of Singapore is the most contributing institution.	4
Conflict of interest The authors have no Conflict of interest to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
Received: 26 January 2023 Revised: 19 June 2023 Accepted: 27 June 2023	0
In view of the above-described potential pitfalls of the peer-review process in the era of digital academic communication, Forensic Sciences Research (FSR) has conducted a rigorous quality control assessment of the peer-review process it has utilised since the journal's establishment approximately 3 years ago.	1
The WoS "Cited Reference Search" mode with the SCIE was used in combination with Boolean operators to extract citations to chemical databases from 2000 to 2016 (inclusive).	3
The paired T-test found no statistically significant evidence that journals switching to OA increase their publication output faster than non Gold-OA journals do.	5
We use bibliometric data extracted from the Scopus database for the 1996–2017 period and investigate changes between pre- and post-EU accession periods for 11 new and 4 prospective EU members, all post-socialist countries.	2
We apply difference-in-difference-in-differences estimation using a balanced panel with 249,000 observations derived from 36,202 journal articles published by authors affiliated with 2,490 research institutions.	3
FQ was calculated by dividing the FI by the sample size of the studies.	3
We report on trends in authorship and citation impact for health sciences research at UCT across three 3-year periods: 1999–2001, 2006-2008 and 2013-2015.	1
One person with initials JNR benefited from 3103 extra citations.	4
The issue is particularly relevant in the case of Medicine, because it might be argued that research excellence benefits from large scale activities, due to the organizational complexity and capital intensity of medical research.	0
First, the traditional evaluation criteria for science cannot be straightforwardly transposed to the evaluation of technology.	5
The original research articles of the 100 top-cited articles were classified into one of five categories: scale/measurement, descriptive/epidemiology, mechanism, management, and imaging.	3
we specified a confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) model to measure our construct of interest: structural commitment to IDR.	3
About 40 % of non-source items are in English, while 80 % of source items are in English.	4
The existing cooperation should be strengthened for the sake of research, for the benefit of the economy, and not least for the general improvement of political climate in the region.	5
Not all citations indicate substantive engagement, particularly in social media.	5
We document the increasing pattern of these collaborations considering publications in top economic development journals and explore the main characteristics of these collaborations.	1
Like OpenCitations Corpus, OpenCitations in Context Corpus content is derived from the open access subset provided by PubMed Central and is also collected using the Europe PubMed Central REST API and publicly distributed under the CCO protocol.	0
As a science-based industry, the pharmaceutical is taken as our industry case.	2
We assessed trends in the rates of poorly cited articles and journals in the cardiovascular literature from 1997-2007.	1
Overall, our data show that a majority of researchers drawn from a diverse sample of 400 NIH-funded and industry-funded researchers score high on a measure of professional decision-making in research.	5
We retrieved all 329 oral presentation abstracts from the 2009 SICOT Conference, recorded funda-mental study details and conducted a comprehensive, electronic search of Medline and PubMed to determine publication status.	2
The article citation median metric in particular is more representative of the impact and citations for journals focused on publication of original research and is less prone to being swayed by a small number of outliers.	5
The proposed approach employs two hyperbolic tangent functions to calculate the corresponding age of articles and the number of citations, while also updating the link relationships of each paper node in the citation network.	1
Since the academic area of TSC happens to be interdisciplinary in nature, so we decided to use Scopus database to collect relevant articles in the field of TSC.	2
On average the geometric mean of library print holdings for books originally authored before 2003 (approximately 320) is considerably larger than their library electronic holdings (approximately 202) in all fields, whereas the reverse is true in the following time periods.	4
While the beehive in the case of the citation impact of the second author and the onion in the third case generally mirror the corresponding shapes of publication age, the onion shape of publication age is contrasted by a citation triangle in the first case.	4
The bulk of resident research projects was of lower tiers of evidence, including retrospective studies (n = 111) and case reports (n = 108).	4
Consequently, we confirmed that #6 presented the best result in total, in which technical terms in the English and Japanese documents are replaced with English descriptors in the JST thesaurus, and monolingual word vectors are generated from the documents; then, document vectors are constructed as weighted averages of the word vectors according to the word frequencies.	4
Higher AAS and Twitter popularity of an article were related to receiving high-volume RC performance.	5
Early evolutionary stages are populated by small teams of early career researchers from diverse and dissimilar disciplines.	5
1 Tel.: +1 814 863 8636; fax: +1 814 865 3746.	0
UoAs are arranged in a partial left-to-right order for ease of visual interpretation only.	0
Based on the unique data that document faculty hiring (degree attainment institutions) and research collaboration (co-authorship), and institutional prestige (global ranking positions), we analyzed the relationship between faculty hiring network and research collaboration network, as well as their association with institutional prestige.	2
In an effort to objectively develop a representational model of the timing and uptake of scientific outputs across a clinical research pathway, we selected 22 publications of primary studies conducted by the NIH HIV/AIDS Clinical Trials Networks.	2
The results show that a small female citation advantage has been the norm over time for all these countries except the USA, where there has been no practical difference.	4
A total of 976 articles were included in the analysis.	4
We would finally like to mention two limitations of our evaluation: (1) Mendeley users tend to be young people from the academic environment.	5
However, the experiment serves as a proof of concept that altmetrics like these three measures can indeed provide indicators for future citations.	5
Is it equally distributed between male and female researchers or is there a gender imbalance?	1
Microsoft Academic is not as useful as Mendeley for early impact evidence, but is preferable to Scopus or WoS for early citations (see also caveat below).	5
Graduates from a Mexican HEI constitute more than 60% of the total members, followed by Spain (11.38%), the United States (10.25%), France (5.93%) and the United Kingdom (5.27%).	4
Keywords Google Maps · Journal · VOSviewer · Classification · Visualization · Cluster	0
This paper aims to explore and analyze the open access levels and patterns in research output from India during last 5 years, i.e.	1
THEOREM 1: A citation index satisfies properties (i)–(v) if and only if it is equivalent to the index that assigns to any citation list, (x1,...,xn), the number	5
A BCN computes the shared references between two documents (Zupic & Cater, 2015).	3
Through MST, we identified network paths from small but highly dense networks.	5
Equal journals have the same ranking number, and then a gap is left in the ranking numbers	0
The graph also reveals, however, that the beneficial effect of higher JIFs gradually decline as the JIF gets higher and higher.	4
Title length was based on character length including spaces between words, colons, question marks, etc.	2
To analyze the AAS of highly cited articles on the anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) and to assess the relationship between alternative and traditional metrics such as journal rankings and article citation performance.	1
Note 73 nodes and 3 clusters, the bigger the circle, the more influential the country in this field.	0
We observed a high degree of international collaboration in all the areas analyzed, in the case of both LHD and MHD countries.	4
The main accomplishment of this article is to investigate classic preferential attachment theories using Markov chains.	5
This study was a comprehensive bibliometric analysis to map and assess the global scientific literature on COVID-19 VE published between 2021 and 2024.	1
In total, we obtained contact information for 7,063 individuals from 471 universities.	2
The management elite proved to be less interested in AIM as a bold experiment than as a system offering the rewards to which it felt entitled.	5
NIH-funded principal investigators (PIs) were identified for June 2010 and June 2020 using the NIH internal data platform iSearch Grants (version 2.4).	2
Essential Science Indicators (ESI) is an analytical database built on the basis of academic literature and their references included in the core database (SCIE/SSCI) of Web of Science (WoS) [8].	2
Given the lack of confirmed normality within the data set, nonparametric methods (Kruskal-Wallis test) were used to compare bibliometric measures by academic rank.	3
The following three questions were the items that tested the main hypothesis of the present study: (1) ‘The described study is likely to have a big impact on the research field’; (2) ‘The described study was conducted appropriately (without major limitations)’; and (3) ‘The grant funding provided to this research project seems justified.’	3
It is clear that, generally, the results for the snub research field BET_c are similar to the results for the three Nobel Prize fields Ribozyme_c, Ozone_c and Fullerene_c.	5
Jie Sun is in the Library of Huazhong Agricultural University and Bao-Zhong Yuan is in the College of Plant Science and Technology, Huazhong Agricultural University, Wuhan city, Hubei province, PR China, 430070.	0
Based on the retrieval and computation method applies as described in the methods section	0
Two hundred and seventy-six OREF resident grants were issued to 272 orthopedic surgery residents at 73 programs.	2
As expected, .com was the most central node with over six billion inward links and over three billion outward links, meaning that 32.8% of all hyperlinks either came from or went to this node.	4
Our results demonstrate that articles with an explicit computational component have significantly higher citation impact than articles without an explicit computational component.	4
Researchers' publishing patterns and the types of material published;	1
Our research fills this gap by examining how scholars in non-biomedical science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields (plus economics) resolve contributor-ship problems.	1
The policy document mention data were retrieved from the Altmetric database on August 19th, 2020.	2
How the scientific production on energy has evolved in time and how can its connection with studies on sustainable, green and renewable subjects be characterized by means of publication analysis?	1
The EJO (66.6%) and JO (63%) had approximately three times more publications from their base continent when compared with AO (20.7%) and AJODO (29.7%).	4
This manuscript uses two different datasets and adopts two ordering indicators that measure the degree of order of the authors list of a set of articles: percentage of fully ordered articles (PFOA) and degree of alphabetic ordering (DAO).	3
The bibliometric and thematic analysis carried out by us shows that, first of all, he is an outstanding internationally recognized scientist with versatile and multifaceted interests.	5
The authors extend their appreciation to the Deanship of Scientific Research at King Saud University for funding this work through research group NO (RGP-1438-27).	0
In the long run, even new digital technologies will have a carbon rebound effect once they are deployed on a large scale.	4
Overall, our findings indicate that national rankings tend to include a larger number of indicators that primarily focus on educational and institutional parameters, whereas global ranking systems tend to have fewer indicators mainly focusing on research performance.	5
More specifically, it compares the citation and self-citation rates, source normalized impact per publication scores and collaborative patterns of 3293 male and female researchers at a Danish university and provides evidence challenging the widespread assumption of a persistent performance gap in favour of male researchers.	1
Authors who publish frequently in PLOS ONE tend to publish more frequently than average in Quartile 1 and Top 10 per cent impact journals and their articles are more frequently cited than average too, suggesting that they do not submit to PLOS ONE for the purpose of gaining easier publication in a high-impact journal.	4
Characteristics of the second period showed that the EJO and AO published more research articles, whereas the AJODO regularly published case reports and other articles.	4
Findings show that all three HSR career development programs are successfully selecting and mentoring awardees, ensuring additional HSR capacity to improve the quality and delivery of high-value care.	5
Overall, 3,382 unique authors have been weighted by counting the total number of articles each author published in the dataset (i.e.	2
According to the results, based on the evaluation of domain experts, we conclude that the non-self-citation by inventor/ applicant citations are quite noisy and cannot indicate science linkage objectively; that self-citation by inventor/ applicant citations can measure science linkage precisely but incompletely; and that examiner citations can indicate science linkage more accurately than inventor/applicant non-self-citations and more comprehensively than inventor/ applicant self-citation.	5
Two databases were used to inform likelihood of detection in biological samples, and notably included parent compounds and metabolites.	2
Our three vignettes provide illustrations of possible modes of critical collaboration with security communities of practice.	4
To perform this study, the international bibliographic database Scopus was used within a ten year publication window from 2007 to 2016.	1
Through the preliminary analysis of the academic community's response to COVID-19, it is determined that scientists have taken positive measures, especially to improve response speed and intensity.	5
The Heckman bias correction method (Heckman 1976, 1979) may help alleviate such concerns.	3
The time period of publication was from 2019 to 1st March 2020.	2
In the institute level, the most productive institution was WU, followed by INRA, and CAS (Table 7).	4
The number of pencils handed out was tracked and used to determine the number of unique participants; attendees were told to keep their pencil and any unused sticky notes, and all were eager to do so.	0
This study performs elementary analysis to study publication growth over the years, impact analysis to assess the leading journals, authors, and countries, and articles analysis for findings patterns among the citations over the years and among the keyword-based clusters.	3
Two reasons stand out: Reviewers not allocating enough time (24%) and reviewers being insufficiently familiar with the topic of the work (22%).	4
The top productive institution in the field of DM was United Arab Emirates University with 51 documents (10.6 %).	4
Moreover, we find that the coauthorship network has been increasingly integrated, exhibiting small-world properties.	4
First, the program queries the Crossref REST API with the parameters in Table 2.	3
Participants were recruited with a purposeful sampling approach, consisting of contacting individuals in the network of DORA staff and through snowballing.	3
RQ2: In what ways do bibliometric and altmetrics measures for articles published within the chemical sciences conform to various non-normal distributions?	1
The calculated PER (the number of errors divided by the total number of publications) was 1.2% across all 28 journals, with the journal-specific PER ranging from 0.1% to 9.1%.	4
Next, this case constitutes the background for a broader discussion on domain-specificity because, as the case will show, communication structures change over time and according to points-of-view.	1
The resulting data set comprises 2,914,223 articles published in 202,767 issues (of which 23,055 are Sls) and 4,559 journals.	2
We accessed the SMJ's repository and downloaded all full-text articles published in the first 34 volumes (1980-2014).	2
The Z-score formula was used to identify the knowledge burst crests and the duration of the knowledge burst created by the patent family in the process of knowledge diffusion.	3
990 OA journal titles were initially retrieved in Ulrichsweb (format “Print” or “Online”) and finally narrowed down to 862 OA titles indexed in JCR (757 titles in the science edition SCI and 128 in the social science edition SSCI, with an overlap of 23 titles).	2
The use of social media analysis in understanding public health issues is underscored, emphasizing the role of emerging technologies in enhancing public health responses.	5
How does the availability of multiple copies of an item within different types of OA repositories affect citation counts?	1
This article focuses on the experience of three interdisciplinary institutional centers developed at Latin American universities, namely: Universidad de Buenos Aires (UBA) in Argentina, Universidad de la República (UdelaR) in Uruguay and Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM).	2
This paper demonstrates over-hype about use of h-index over g-index.	4
This study investigates remote sensing research on SDG 11 (sustainable cities and communities) from 2016 to 2023, highlighting the growing interest in the field.	1
The survey was conducted in 2017–2018 among researchers in cardiology, economics, and physics in five European countries: Denmark, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, and the United Kingdom.	2
The study was funded by Vice-chancellor for Research and Technology, Hamadan University of Medical Sciences (No.9712077452).	0
This study is an invitation to combine both approaches (expert knowledge and bibliometrics) for meaningful and informative historical analyses.	5
International cooperation, both with and without post-doctoral visits abroad, is a strong predictor of productivity.	4
Latent variable modeling (LVM) was conducted in Mplus v.8.1, specifically latent profile analysis (LPA) was utilized to predict institutional profiles of research, which were compared with the 2015 Carnegie Classification System ranks.	3
The bibliometric searches, used in this paper, were all performed between August 2020 and January 2021.	3
Received 23 February 2016; Received in revised form 19 September 2017; Accepted 22 September 2017	0
What are the underlying research themes or knowledge areas?	1
To answer the first research question, the ERA (2010) list of 20,712 journal and 1,952 conference titles—created to assess the research output of Australian academics—was examined.	2
There has been an increase in the number of publications, as well as a shift to more impactful journals.	5
Combing Ci(j) and |Nj|/|V| together, we finally define the similarity between i and j as σego (i, j) = |Nij||V| / |Ni||Nj|.	3
The Delphi panel consisted of 62 scholars who led research groups at Spanish universities.	2
The final analysis examined the performance of the institutions on the engagement and impact assessment (EI) and compared this with the data for the research publications.	1
We did not correct for number of years at the current rank.	0
The authors with the highest scores of co-citations are: AOAC; FAO; Singleton, VL; Galanakis, CM; Schieber, A; Shahidi, F; Chemat, F; Barba; and FJ (Figures 8 and 9) with more than 90 citations, which indicates their significance in the field.	4
The aim of this study was to better understand the funding structure of scientific research in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region based on the funding acknowledgments found in scientific publications.	5
The impact of IJMHS was assessed using three indicators: 1.	3
In an attempt to answer these questions, this study especially focuses on scientific and technological knowledge embedded in papers published in the North Korean journal titled Technological Innovation.	1
The selected countries are: Egypt, Iran, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates.	2
The results show that IJCIM has become a very popular journal in the scientific community in topics connected to manufacturing, engineering and computer science.	5
The collaboration is also found to vary across subject areas, with Social Science & Mathematics having higher proportion of international collaboration, Medical Science & Physics having higher mixed-collaboration, and Social Science & Environment Science having higher intra collaboration.	4
Thus, overly rigorous mandates that inadvertently push researchers into pay-to-publish open access models can cause tremendous financial burdens on researchers, while stratifying the research community and disenfranchising researchers without access to substantial publication funds.	5
For this reason, PageRank scores for patents can be considered the preferred measure to proxy the technological and economic relevance of an invention.	5
Based on the preceding analysis, we have identified the expert-selected significant patents as the study target.	4
The findings have indicated that “the acceptance rates” of the journals have been a decision factor with the highest priority (39%).	4
From February 2012 through October 2012, an e-mail message was sent by librarians to faculty members at five US universities.	2
However, we would like to point with our study to the general necessity of considering scientific quality standards in research evaluations (using altmetrics).	5
The findings of the current research revealed a three-factor solution of academic cheating: conservativeness in the cheating accusation, justification of cheating, and perceived immorality of cheating students.	4
Table 2 Descriptive statistics by regional groups Source: Authors' own calculations	0
Because we wanted to focus our analysis on the most significant types of publications, we excluded all publications that are not of the document type ‘article’ or ‘review’.	2
The replacement values, while much lower, are still the highest in each vector: arbitrarily, they are the sum of each author's three highest cocitation counts divided by two.	0
The highest ranked indicators by Average MDA, were: CitVel6m, ImpactFactor, NHighCitPubs, NAuthors, and AvgCloseness_Top3.	4
However, this does not mean that social media are unimportant for scientific journals and their authors since they may influence them in different ways.	5
A 2-way analysis of variance was used to compare the h-index of surgeons grouped by institutional affiliation and academic rank and to identify the relative impact of these factors on different bibliometric indices.	3
Acknowledgements This study is an output of the institutionally funded research at the University of South Bohemia, Faculty of Economics, Department of Accounting and Finance (RVO160).	0
This information is open for the users to share with the community.	0
We use a multi-method approach (action research as a meta-methodology and surveys) using qualitative data to reflect on a successful collaborative externally funded research project.	3
Thus, our database included researchers publishing in both Scopus indexed journals and local journals.	2
Therefore, Publish or Perish (Harzing 2007) was used to collect citation data from Google Scholar.	3
All-female collaboration, often discussed in literature (Boschini & Sj?rgen, 2007; McDowell & Smith, 1992; McDowell, Singell, & Stater, 2006), is marginal, and all-male collaboration is pervasive.	4
This adds up to 51 authors who published 5 articles or more—including the next category of 10 or more—(which is 6 % of all the authors identified on the basis of the first author list) and 11 authors who published 10 articles or more (1.5 % of all the authors identified on the basis of the first author list).	4
Publisher’s Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Here, we seek to examine the motivations and experiences of biomedical researchers who have submitted to predatory journals.	1
The simulation was set up to study the equilibrium behaviour of the academic community under fixed grant allocation policy.	2
However, Chinese journals, especially social science journals, do on average publish more articles per issue and more articles per year compared to their counterparts in the world.	5
(1) Upload your manuscript to a preprint repository as soon as you consider it is ready for peer commentary.	3
It builds on a quasi-experimental within-group design, bibliometric analyses, and multilevel statistics to assess average and individual causal effects of research center affiliation on participants along three dimensions of research performance.	3
Observational study (n = 55) was the commonest study design across all decades, followed by reviews (n = 12), scale development studies (n = 11), and guidelines (n = 11).	4
The extensity centrality-Newman again differs markedly from the clas sical indices.	4
Department of Information Science, School of Library and Informational Science, University of Missouri- Columbia, Columbia, MO 65211, U.S.A.	0
As the country that subsidizes and publishes this journal, Lithuania is obviously the most influential country.	4
In the tables, the names of the scholars have been changed to letters to maintain anonymity.	0
On the other hand, the global rankings revealed a different picture: Less than half of the global ranking indicators (20 of 44 indicators) were employed only by the global rankings.	4
Metadata about the items was then gathered from Web of Science and Scopus.	2
Therefore, the aim of this study is to present a full bibliometric overview of IMM, from its foundation, in order to identify the leading actors in the journal in terms of authors, institutions, countries and documents.	1
Over the three-month study period, I received 154 invitations to publish in journals spanning a wide range of disciplines, from quantum physics to marine biology to ancient history and literary criticism.	2
Consequently, this study aims to conduct a comprehensive bibliometric outlook on the output, impact, and structure of the research on innovation for sustainability in the GS (henceforth: iS-GS).	1
In attempting to answer the second question, it transpired that textbook eminence is, in general, short-lived.	5
Three in particular have attracted our attention: (1) are disciplines of the social sciences and humanities, which are marked by national traditions and usually focus on more localized objects (Kulczycki et al.	1
Institute of Management Sciences (IMS), University of Balochistan, Sariab Road, Quetta, Pakistan	0
The articles originated from 8 countries, with the United States accounting for 30 articles (60%).	4
IQR = interquartile range; NIH = National Institutes of Health; RCR, relative citation ratio.	0
Our laboratory is the National Bureau for Economic Research's Summer Institutes (NBER SIs), a highly selective annual workshop series.	2
There is a positive correlation between local expenditures and the number of local affiliations in Nature publications.	4
For instance, a professor of high international reputation left the group and there was no second man or woman in command to take over on the same level.	0
Qualitatively analyzed the appointment, promotion and tenure documents of 18 U.S. based research intensive schools of nursing with over $2 million in NIH funding in fiscal year 2014.	3
For legacy websites, only subdirectories related to health were used as starting point for further analysis.	0
Sixteen publications were produced from 14 studies, 13 ot them have not published yet.	4
No outside funding was received in support of this research or for the preparation of this work.	0
The graphs are qualitative, and measure efficiency scores and publications per professor.	0
Notes: Definitions of all abbreviations can be seen in Table 1.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:393177 []	0
Elite effects in UK business schools do not show the bias towards analytical journals that we find for elite US schools.	4
A total of 698 responses were received, representing a response rate of 17%.	2
In sum, we shall be generating a large set of reference-based classifications using the three schemes (M1, M2, M3), with each scheme being combined using the full-counting and the weighted-counting methods to find the share of references, and in turn combined with averaged and non-averaged counting (except for M1 in which second generation references are not counted).	3
The analysis of the research topics reported in this paper follows the Expert-Driven Automatic Methodology (EDAM) [10], a methodology designed for reducing the amount of manual tedious tasks involved in mapping studies [11].	3
searched for tumor mutation-reactive T cells in 10 patients with metastatic gastrointestinal cancers, which have relatively low mutation burdens, and discovered that 9 out of 10 harbored such cells.	3
Our new qualitative indicator (Hx) represents an improvement upon the H_index.	5
In the current study, participants voiced their differing thoughts on the introduction of altmetrics into research evaluation.	5
We were most interested in (1) whether grantees would be restricted from publishing in journals they have previously chosen, and (2) the financial ramifications of a policy advocating for and funding	1
Based on an examination of all the papers registered in the Thompson Reuter's Web of Science database we follow the development in research collaboration in the period 1980-2014 for 17 leading research countries.	2
These were the Science Citation Index and Social Sciences Citation Index of the Web of Science produced by Thomson Scientific, which allow more comprehensive analyses (Hicks 1999; Archambault and Gangé 2004).	2
Therefore, the degree distribution of the hospitality management literature network does not fit the properties of the small-world theory.	4
Two members of the research team independently extracted information from the e-mails received, using a piloted extraction form.	3
A total of 3902 articles were published, most of them (52.5%) during the five-year period 2014–2018.	2
The ESC search engine uses semantic analysis to provide the best results from the keywords typed in http://www.escardio.org/about/welcome/ Pages/Search-the-ESC.aspx.	3
This paper presents a Sciento-text framework to characterize and assess research performance of leading world institutions in fine-grained thematic areas.	1
I appreciate the use of the Science Citation Index volumes at the University of Arizona Science Library.	0
TABLE 2 Scholarly books by publishers’ country, 2011–2017 (n = 31).	0
The analysis was carried out through the software MultBiplot (Vicente Villardón 2010).	3
The associated factors (i.e., published year, journal's name, number of author, geographic region, institute, and collaboration) were also analyzed by multivariable linear regression in generalized linear models.	3
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
The aim of this study was to assess the volume and impact of Arab scientific output published in journals indexed in the Science Citation Index (SCI) on solid waste.	1
The questionnaire was structured around the multidimensional categorization of impacts in the Payback Framework.	3
While we find little evidence of gender effects in RAE panel evaluations, the findings in relation to journal ratings lists have important implications for women in terms of their choice of sub-discipline.	5
A possibility of applying network analysis for solving practical tasks related to the selection of information sources.	1
However, the data from global publications in each field point out that the share of gold OA in total OA publications is increasing gradually, whereas the share of green is decreasing.	4
We started by identifying all Category A articles using the target journals' search engines and the keywords 'covid', 'corona' or 'pandemic' included in the title, keywords and/or abstract and a publication date between 1 January 2020 and 31 May 2022.	2
This investigation addressed the question of whether the abstract grading process can accurately predict the success of a work to be accepted as a peer reviewed paper.	1
The records were ranked by the field 'authors' within the citation report window and we selected the top 25 authors with the highest scientific production.	2
We have used the maximum-likelihood fitting method [29] to fit three different functions to the probability distributions of the total number of participations, the number of and the time lags between two successive participations: exponential function eˉλx, power-law function xˉα and truncated power-law xˉα eˉBx.	3
Among the 740 journals covered by KSCI and 167 journals covered by KoMCI, the 2010 impact factors for 145 journals were reported in both databases.	2
Interestingly, Ronald Rousseau, Loet Leydesdorff, Michael Thelwall and Lutz Bornmann are recipients of the Derek de Solla Price Memorial Medal for the years 2001, 2003, 2015 and 2019, respectively.	4
The results show that international mobility and foreign nationality reduced the chances of promotion in the same university, and that mobile and foreign scientists were also more likely to leave any given university.	4
8, 9, and 10 we have that Computer Science, Management, Health/Medical Sciences, and Engineering, are similar to the Information Systems' journal impact profile.	4
There are 2,163 authorships in total of which 941 (43.5%) belong to the core layer, 956 (44.2%) belong to the middle layer and 266 (12.3%) belong to the outer layer.	4
In the end, major publishers exercise much control over scientific knowledge production, while those who perform the valuable work of editors, reviewers, and authors mostly do so without pay.	5
The Altmetric data and Mendeley readership metrics were collected from the Dimensions.ai database.	2
As the subject of our research, we have chosen Austrian public universities-more precisely the business schools of these universities.	2
To do this, we introduce a resampling correction and an R package, ineqReSample, which allows users to correct inequality metrics computed on their own data.	3
(2) How is the geography of country affiliations changing in elite journals?	1
- contribution to the SUS's total number of open-access documents about open science, as a percentage,	3
For this reason, we aimed to estimate the prevalence of perceived honorary authorship, ICMJE-defined honorary authorship, and unperceived honorary authorship in Indian biomedical literature and to identify factor(s) associated with these rates.	1
We used Python to visualise the citation curves of ERTs and their knowledge base.	3
We suggest that this provides a model approach to be adapted to help think through generation and assessment of other emerging technology searches.	5
We searched for retracted papers in the references by checking whether they were known to be retracted in PubMed (https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/).	3
Overall, our respondents pointed to a number of differences in the two systems of organization of science, especially in funding, cultures of doing science, institutional structures, and treatment of graduate students.	4
We believe that our three-dimensional framework of understanding the social impact of research could be used in formative and dialogical peer evaluation of research to foster learning and social improvement (Bornmann 2013; Molas-Gallart 2014).	5
For a limited number of journals, papers from individual nations strongly influence the IF.	4
2014); there is an increasing greater tendency to collaborate, but the tendency decreases the more similar the collaboration and publication patterns in the research field is to the patterns of the fields of the humanities.	5
Our findings show that internal co-publications and sole ones are higher for small size teams and that the Lorenz distributions of these two indicators are unequal in favor of small size teams.	4
Our selection of journals is based on that of Wakefield's (2008) compilation that used a structural index measure to evaluate knowledge capital flows in a network of 22 accounting research journals over the years 2000-2006.	2
3 The K-shells of the keyword network of the DL field in China	0
The apparent success of some predatory accounting journals, in terms of articles published and cited, suggests that authors' demand for journal space is high relative to the space currently available in non-predatory journals.	5
The United States is the main country driving progress in this research area, housing the most notable institutions.	5
We collected the data taking into account all the scientific domains together and each domain individually: Natural Sciences (NS), Engineering & Technology (ET), MHS, AS, and Social Sciences & Humanities (SSH).	2
1 School of Information Management of Nanjing University, Nanjing 210023, China	0
Overall 24.1% of presented abstracts were published within 2 years of the conference.	4
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=rjec20	0
From the analysis of the exemplary case study, it can be concluded that the expert linguist must be cautious when reporting cases involving plagiarism because, on the one hand, not every single instance of copy-pasted text is plagiarism, and because, on the other hand, not every single instance of plagiarism implies copyright infringement.	5
The component of EM-index of an author is the collection of h-index from h-core articles citations at multilevel.	3
The present study asks the following question: What are the main organizational and epistemic impacts of CoE funding with regard to activities made possible among researchers?	1
On average larger facilities had higher quality websites.	4
A weak reverse correlation existed between AAS and time since publication (r=-0.25, p<0.05).	4
As shown in the full model (Model 5), controlling for Gender, Research experience, Research capacity, and Research network, the coefficients of T*P remain statistically and economically significant.	4
For each country, the research output for 2000–2012 was collected.	2
This finding means that of the open-access articles published (n=466), only 23% (104) required APCs.	4
We estimate two simple econometric models in order to relate research quality to possible factors influencing it.	3
We conclude that there is a need for a cultural change to reward (and not punish) researchers engaged in inter- and transdisciplinary projects.	5
As seen in Table 5, the two strongest correlations are found among the two size-dependent indicators: volume of publications (scholarly output) and number of citing countries.	4
However, not everybody can embrace these developments in such a positive way.	0
We compare Covid-related working papers in economics to non-Covid-related working papers in four dimensions.	1
We restricted this search to Nature articles with a limited number of authors (8 or less).	2
Only the thematic networks of the most frequent themes are shown in Table 4.	0
We used a previously developed comprehensive map of science which is based on the Scopus database [15].	2
By classifying the cited authored books (n=221,768) on SPI and non-SPI publishers we found that 66% belonged to the non-SPI publishers, while 34% to SPI publishers.	4
Additionally, the country of the PhD studies was found to be a significant variable that can explain the productivity of Greek economists.	4
Using the 2023 Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) for education, a dataset of 9770 doctoral capstone abstracts, and a curated list of 59 learning theories, we investigated theory prevalence relative to university ranking.	2
In light of our current understanding of retraction, this study takes a closer look at the retraction notices and retracted articles, specifically the limitation section, to bring attention to two matters: the initiator of the retraction - such as the brave authors who are largely ignored and the peculiar absence of the limitation section in many papers that are retracted.	1
In order to study the evolution of the topic and to see how the results changed over time, the records were divided into three consecutive sub-periods: 1991–2001, 2002–2007, and 2008–2012.	2
Over this period of 13 months, the submission rate to WOR was rather modest, with about 15 papers per month, and no acceleration of submissions could be observed (see Figure 1).	4
The USA had 52.7 per cent of all articles published across the 10 years period, followed in descending order by UK (9 per cent), Canada (5.1 per cent), Germany (4.1 per cent), France (3.7 per cent), Spain (2.7 per cent), The Netherlands (2.4 per cent), Italy (2.4 per cent), Japan (1.9 per cent) and Australia (1.5 per cent).	4
premium', however, is almost entirely due to selection.	5
Additionally, the study aimed to perform a detailed scientometric analysis of scientific production in the field of QMRA in water analysis during the 2016-2021 period using various performance indicators such as most active journals, authors, institutions and countries, as well as bibliometric mapping.	1
(2019), we use Web of Science to gather citation data, in part because of the broad coverage and because of the journal field codes.	2
India tops the list with 16,720 publications, followed by Iran (1449), Nigeria (1219), US (509) and Malaysia (469).	4
Since 1998 was the first year when systematic journal IF statistics were available in our sample, our final sample consisted of 1,750,298 publications from 1998 to 2015.	2
Citations for the 4 source journals were downloaded from the Scopus database, with each having between 15,000 and 23,000 citations over the 3-year span.	2
Little did we know to what extent of these relationships and which prompt what to some degree among them.	1
A total of 124 journals were selected, see Table 1.	2
The development of a well-known periodical is an easier matter than the starting of a new one;	0
Thus, the current study sought to explore the descriptive text borrowing in Nobel laureates' publications through published text analysis.	1
The primary objective of this paper is to attempt to quantify the academic and scientific literature that carries this error, especially in the fields of food science and nutrition.	1
This paper aims to present the publishing patterns of researchers in the applied science discipline at Universities of Technology (UoTs) in South Africa.	1
This study of UCL Press sought to identify the extent to which data available to open access (OA) monograph presses can be combined with low-cost analysis tools to provide insight into development and strategy.	1
Those with values greater than zero are not necessarily those with higher SJR or JIF (3y).	5
A sampling frame was collated from this list, which comprised a total of 99 research departments with approximately 4,085 research scientists.	2
For all degree programs, the correlation was strengthened between the journal list for CDRank and the corresponding CitRank and DissRank journal list (Table 10).	4
These results raise concerns regarding the effects of the Spanish strong RES for fields with similar traditional research practices and work and publication patterns as those described in History, and particularly for highly performing, innovative, or prestigious research groups.	5
The numbers at the bottom show each journal's rank among all major scientific journals.	0
Note: Calculated according to the method of Rakas and Hain (2019).	0
I considered authors who had their email addresses in the Web of Science record as corresponding authors (but see note below about exceptions, especially in 2001 and 2006).	3
We collected 74 documents from 12 different libraries (see table 1).	2
Specifically, this study attempts to answer the following research questions: 1.	1
Four indicators are then used to sort out potential candidates of emerging topics in the predicted network.	3
This paper implemented and classified service science, service management, and SE articles using the following publication type and language, characteristics of articles outputs, country, subject categories and journals, and the frequency of title-words and keywords used.	3
Several USNWR hospital categories (“Honor Roll”, “Adult Cardiology and Heart Surgery”, “Adult Pulmonology”, “Adult Cancer”) and medical school ranking for research were associated with differences in academic productivity, while ranking by NIH funding or designation as department versus division was not.	4
In total, 47.7% of our sample (265 out of a total 556 articles) were satisfactory in their application of the recommendations of the BP article that they ref- erenced.	4
The purpose of this study is to measure the relation between the amount of funding provided to 12,720 researchers in Québec over a 15-year period (1998-2012) and their scientific output and impact from 2000 to 2013.	1
Two information items with the same intersection to the query, but a different degree of correspondence.	0
The Indexes are: Science Citation Index-Expanded (SCI-E), the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) and Emerging Social Science Citation Index (E-SCI) which are the standard indexes used in the computer science and engineering community.	2
No humans or animals were part of the study, and since open data analysis was employed, there is no need for approval from the ethics committee.	0
In addition, we conduct a geographic and research content analysis to shed light on the diversity of authorship and research methods among articles in NAJEF.	3
Bibliometric indicators and laws have been applied to better understand the patterns that govern the scientific literature on this realm.	3
The traditional and non-traditional criteria were searched in the FAP documents based on the methodology developed in Rice et al.	3
It researches the status quo in humanities, the growth of social development science and cross-disciplinary social science, and the maturity of applied social science.	1
See also https://retractionwatch.com for a collection of retraction cases (Last Access July 2023).	0
Ultimately, 95 articles (comprising 60 Physiology or Medicine and 35 Physics) were included in the sparking group, denoted as SA1, SA2, ..., SA95.	2
This explains the predictability that has been proposed.	5
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, 1992: Report of the Task Force on the Health of Research.	0
The scope of internationalization of IB research is represented by the number of nations with which a nation collaborates, or International Collaboration Amplitude (ICA).	3
Univariate regression analyses were used to investigate the correlation between the mean number of authors/article and time, as well as the authorship trends over time.	3
The main aim of the current study is "to identify LTSTs at the micro level using text mining analysis".	1
Albeit relevant, knowledge of English was not the key factor for the publication success of the graduate students evaluated.	5
Firstly, an overlay-mapping approach was used to generate a visualization based on an interval scale.	3
Across all the fields, economic resources emerge as a dominant predictor of publication output, with GNI per capita consistently showing the strongest positive effect.	5
The dataset was examined from different perspectives, including year of publication, type of publication, the most productive authors, institutions or universities, the authorship pattern, core subject areas and journals.	3
Depending on the SDG, the bibliometric indicators we have chosen can explain between 3% and 11% of the variation in whether a paper is cited in policy, suggesting that factors beyond research quality likely play a more significant role in influencing policy citations.	4
As is known to all, it may take a long test time to win the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.	0
Our results also show that the Chinese LIS schools still lag behind their US counterparts in early citations per publications and citations per publications.	5
As shown in Figure 2, we apply correlation analysis, document co-citation analysis, and topic modeling analysis to two corpora.	3
In this study, 476,327 Chinese papers in Economics, Law, and Library & Information Science published between 1998 and 2016 are collected from the Chinese Social Sciences Citation Index (CSSCI) as research samples.	2
Four related questions were proposed to detect how to build the journal metrics related to the long-term impact of scientific journals and whether these metrics could be good complement for journal evaluation.	1
To analyse the empirical component of the research, an official educational institution in Bogotá, Colombia, at the primary school level, second grade, was the research setting, where students continued their learning under the “learn at home strategy” using the instant messaging application WhatsApp as the main channel of school communication due to its massive and intuitive use in the context of the institution.	2
In relation to the latter point, the reduction of (a) journal multiassignment together with (b) overall lower concentration of journals over categories suggests an improvement in the journal classification despite having a smaller set of journals in the new system.	5
And how can we capture such interdisciplinarity into a data-driven, objective metric which takes into account the publication habits of authors?	1
A second goal was to investigate whether and how the societal interaction indicators add value to the traditional STEM impact indicators for assessing scientific impact, i.e.	1
Two corpuses (one for FAs and one for all articles) from each database were created for articles published in 2015 (Table 1).	2
Third, overall, the co-authorship network analysis indicates very low cultural diversity.	4
The study is based on a Norwegian bibliographic database called Cristin.	2
The findings of this study can promote an awareness of non-author entities liable for retractions, provide practical implications for handling retractions more effectively and efficiently, and inform the development of criteria for assessing the quality of retraction notices and academic journals/publishers.	5
We expanded the NIH authorship activity list and taxonomy classes of Allen et al., (2014) [25] to include 25 research tasks and developed a questionnaire to gauge the practices of researchers across all scientific endeavors.	1
In this regard, we suggest that the editors and scientists should direct their focus on the potential impact and rigor of the work instead of the "perfection" or "completeness" of the study.	1
Therefore, evaluating the scientific impact is of great significance, and our primary concern is on measuring the impact of scholars in this paper.	1
The aim of our study was to bring this diverse literature together and present a bibliometric analysis of the field of animal welfare science as a whole.	1
The proposed test uses the h-index and the total number of citations as provided by Google Scholar author profiles.	3
The current study is an initial effort to examine the domestic research capability of Vietnam's Social Science and Humanities (SSH) disciplines through scientific productivity.	1
The most productive country is represented by the United States with 48 documents.	4
Most of the webometric study is based on the web impact factors (WIFs) of either simple WIF (WIFs) or revised WIF (WIFs).	3
Our results reaffirm that articles written by authors located in the developed world get more citations than those located in developing ones, a result previously highlighted by Amarante and Zurbrigg (2022).	4
com), on all the articles published in the five above-mentioned journals from January 1st 2000 to December 31st 2004; i.e.	2
The 1015 publications of 33 professors in these two institutions were collected from the researchers' official websites, institutional repositories, and German Social Science Literature Information System (SOLIS).	2
The reason why SM does not match is that the number of authors who publish only one article is too large; as a result, the difference between the observed value and the expected value becomes greater than the K-S test critical value.	4
The data regarding Indian research institutions websites acquired from Alexa databank and Google toolbar (Table II) reveal that National Institute of Science Communication and Information Resources has the lowest traffic rank (102,696), whereas the Central Leather Research Institute has the highest (1,824,046).	4
The largest subject area is “Engineering” which included 93,275 publications in PPJ in the period 2011–2018.	4
From these, we selected 180 articles, and these were used to identify the 100 most-cited articles in our study.	2
In conclusion, the rapid growth of radiology publications related to COVID-19 in the toughest years of the pandemic clearly shows the relevance of the radiologist in the early diagnosis of the disease.	5
To identify publications that were relevant to document, the following search phrases were utilized in the field of TOPIC (TS phrase in Web of Science): TS = (Novel Coronavirus OR Coronavirus OR Corona Virus OR 2019-nCoV OR 2019-New Coronavirus OR 2019-Coronavirus OR 2019-CoV OR nCoV-2019 OR nCoV2019 OR New Coronavirus OR Novel Coronavirus 2019 OR Coronavirus 2019 OR Coronavirus-2019 OR COVID-19 OR COVID19 OR COVID-2019 OR Corona Virus Disease-2019 OR Coronavirus Disease 2019 OR Coronavirus Disease-19 OR Coronavirus-2019 OR SARS-CoV-2 OR SARS coronavirus 2 OR SARSCoV2 OR Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome Coronavirus 2) AND (Vaccine OR Vaccination OR Vaccin*).	2
Abbreviations: R = Rank; Oc = Author keyword occurrences; Co = Author keyword co-occurrences links.	0
Publication data for the academic year of 2012 show that top-tier research schools published more in international journals, while domestic journal publications were dominated by second-tier universities.	2
WoS: ≈15% as a proportion of Ulrich's periodicals directory); greater coverage of both articles and journals published by countries in Ibero-America (e.g., Spain and Brazil); overlapping coverage (~84% of active titles in WoS were also indexed in Scopus); and the recent implementation of the Field-Weighted Citation Impact (FWCI) (Gavel & Iselid, 2008; Mongeon & Paul-Hus, 2016).	2
Citation analysis is a bibliometric method that uses citation rates to evaluate research performance.	3
It can be observed that out of total 933,681 research papers, 676,331 (72.44% of the total) research papers are indigenous, 250,300 (26.81% of the total) research papers are inter-collaborated, 5515 (0.59% of the total) research papers are mixed-collaborated, and only 1535 (0.16% of the total) research papers are intra-collaborated.	4
The dominance ranking method presented here has several advantages over other journal ranking methods.	5
The search was then filtered with the word “Africa” and the time period (2006–2015).	2
The two-dimensional analysis reveals certain ESI fields, for example, Microbiology, Molecular Biology & Genetics, and Neuroscience & Behaviour, that demonstrate a relatively higher academic influence of the gold OA model in the Chinese mainland compared with the rest of the world, which can be leveraged to further support domestic OA publishing in the Chinese mainland.	4
A case study on Data Mining (which has long temporal bibliographic evidences in our dataset) revealed that a field in general goes through three phases—a growing phase, a matured phase and an interdisciplinary phase.	5
The authors would like to thank the organizers of the 3rd annual PLANT FELLOWS meeting.	0
In other words, the DPG simply affords more.	5
We used SPSS software for Windows (version 19.0) for all statistical analyses.	0
The findings reveal that disparities in gold OA adoption across 22 ESI fields are more pronounced in the Chinese mainland compared with the world scenario.	4
The results show that personal seniority is the main driver for people to share knowledge between locations.	5
In order to build an infrastructure of assessment based upon the new data collection methodologies provided by digital content, we must begin with a common understanding of what should be counted, how those things will be counted, and how those resulting data should be aggregated.	1
The study contributes to several streams of the literature in sociology, economics, and politics of science, including knowledge production, research assessment, and science policy.	5
For this to happen, the scientific reputation system requires a fundamental reform (CoARA, 2022), despite the system's well-known inertia.	5
First, team members are assigned a particular subject area in bioRxiv that also fits within Proceedings B’s purview.	3
While the focus has been on a limited number of species of lavender, the large number of available species that have received limited research interest could provide a focus for future research.	5
Figure 1 summarizes the average of the EPV Indices over 2004 and 2005 for each country.	0
Finally, we propose the creation of an international collaboration fund.	5
Research productivity and international publication co-authorship of “internationalists” and “locals" (or academics collaborating and not collaborating internationally) are compared.	1
Using the logic of co-citation analysis we considered that a connection between two theoretical authors occurs when they are both cited in the same text of the corpus (Gmür, 2003).	3
This could, of course, vary a great deal depending on such factors as the age of the research specialty, how specialized it is, how expensive it is to conduct research in that specialty, and how much overlap it has with other related specialties.	0
This research was funded in part by the British Ecological Society, the Kentucky Agricultural Experiment Station and the School of Information Science at the University of Kentucky.	0
The authors sought to systematically examine patterns of change over time, as well as current variations, in educational journal specifications and publishing, including higher education.	1
A total of 2,464 authors participated in the 1,093 papers.	4
Alstrup, Factors affecting global flow of scientific knowledge in environmental sciences, Science of the Total Environment (2019), doi: https://doi.org/10.1016/ j.scitotenv.2019.135012	0
At the date of searching (08-08-2013), the search for the term “higgs boson(s)" within the titles and abstracts yielded 7623 papers published since 1974.	2
Theories on gender bias argue that women in academia benefit less from their academic achievements than men do; women, as a result, show lower rates of success in becoming tenured professors.	1
The top four were the USA (42 H-index, 231 articles), Germany (17 H-index, 57 articles), the UK (16 H-index, 51 articles), and the Netherlands (14 H-index, 39 articles), which were also the top four ranked by article count.	4
We further retrieved the main class and subclass of the citing journals from Ulrich's International Periodical Directory (2011) and OCLC WorldCat (2011) on the basis of Library of Congress Classification (LCC).	3
Acknowledgements The authors would like to thank Ohid Yaqub, Josie Coburn, Tommaso Ciarli, and other participants in the 2023 Eu-SPRI Conference for their helpful comments and discussions.	0
Two parameter-free indices, namely the Beauty Coefficient (B) and the modified Beauty Coefficient (Bcp) were used to identify sleeping beauties articles published between 1970 and 2005 in Science and Nature</PUBLICATION>.	2
Twelve theme-clusters and six larger branches were identified, representing the research subfields of RecSys in China in the past 10 years.	5
Highly cited old papers are more likely to be used even a long time after publication.	4
In these cases, zeroes were entered into the database describing the activity of the most prolific author.	0
To enhance the diversity of analytical methods, we also use the Monte Carlo method (Li et al., 2021; Selig & Preacher, 2008) with 50,000 bootstrapping samples.	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, ????):-, 2013	0
The features include section-wise citation count, citation sentences, content similarity as a whole, and between Introduction, Methods, Results, and Discussion (IMRaD) sections of research papers.	3
The first pattern (containing 29 topics) signifies that both arXiv and WoS have upward growth tendency, with arXiv having stronger growth tendency than WoS.	4
On mining author relationship in scholarly networks based on tripartite citation analysis, two key questions should be addressed.	1
The results indicate that an additional analysis of or with conference proceedings can provide further indications.	5
Thus, and similar to findings made by other researchers in other disciplines, there is a disconnect between LIS faculty support for unhindered access to research and their own publishing practices, which tend to remain informed and constrained by the parameters of the academy's traditional reward structure.	5
Two comparative studies are designed using Google Scholar and PubMed.	3
Using ethnographic insights, I extend publication process research (Hirschauer, 2009: 72) beyond the ordinary life cycle of the scholarly communication process, by looking at controversies post-publication.	3
The present study provides a detailed scientometric analysis of research efforts regarding AF globally, as well as for each country individually.	5
From this dataset, we identified all journals from 1997 to 2007 containing primarily cardiovascular content using SCImago, a third party provider that categorizes journals into fields based on data obtained from Scopus.	2
We show subjects-abundance distribution and subjects-budget relationships which correspond to the species-abundance distribution and species-area relationships seen in biodiversity, respectively.	5
In this study, we present a scientometric classification and analysis model for scientific literature based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs).	5
The survey was conducted with the help of computer-assisted web interviewing (CAWI) on a random sample of researchers.	0
Mean OA fees in hybrid journals (US$3240 per paper) are higher than those in gold OA journals (US$2452), which is somewhat surprising given that the former group of journals already has revenues from subscriptions [43], while APCs are the main source of revenues of the latter.	4
The data were obtained from Clarivate Analytics' ESI and WoS databases.	2
Another important change is the growing importance of scholars who identify as methodologists.	5
In order to test whether working paper versions of an article have a statistically significant effect on citations, we estimate the following model cit?	3
Scopus is an extensive multidisciplinary database comprising citations and abstracts from articles, book chapters, conference publications, and patent records.	2
The present study explores its novel contribution to the comprehensive examination of transmission of intellectual human resources and academic ideas across real and virtual worlds	0
The author concludes with recommendations for further research on how academic rewards systems can better incentivize OA publishing, as well as how to effectively develop and implement such policies.	1
On average, during 2000–2019, 72% of the articles were written by researchers based in developed countries, 15% were written by researchers based in developing countries, and the remaining 12% corresponded to collaborations of researchers located in developed and developing countries.	4
Socioeconomic analysis revealed that the UK had the highest quotient QGDP of 0.13 NSI-specific publications per bill.	4
Our policy recommendations focus on improving the interaction between intermediaries, such as universities and research councils, and scientists so as to include the latter's perspective in policy-making.	5
We have analyzed the textual contents of 1,794 trials descriptions (last search in October 2021) and explored their collective structure along with their semantic dynamics.	2
The half-peak values for average astronomers occurred at ages 28 and 67.	4
The networks studied are academic and do not include academic industry collaboration.	0
Our exemplary implementation is done in the Trans-O-MIM project.	4
Specifically, the coefficient for the proportion of women scientists was negative (r = ?	4
One general conclusion that can be extracted from this study is that despite the general preference towards some platforms (GSC and ResearchGate) there is not any platform in which all researchers in a discipline are present, or one that collects and provides the best data across all dimensions (citations, usage, social connectivity).	5
Articles, number of citations (NOC), and H-index information in Annals of Plastic Surgery (APS), Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery (PRS), Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery Global Open (PRS GO), and Aesthetic Surgery Journal (ASJ) from 2017, 2018, and 2019 were queried with the Scopus Online Tool.	2
Patent's citations in the three zones for the three technological areas.	0
Meanwhile, topics of environmental issues were discussed more in international journals and became increasingly popular during the life cycle of the project.	4
To obtain positive counts, we show the exponential of log demeaned by citing and cited country (thereby using the geometric mean).	0
The November 2018 version of the SPARC Open Access Funds in Action sheet listed 64 current and former college and university OA funds (Scholarly Publishing and Academic Resources Coalition [SPARC], 2018).	2
For this reason, we have used a distance measure based on a modified version of the Jaccard index allowing to compare ranked sets, J(rank1, rank2) (more information is provided in Additional file 1, Section A).	3
The 27 subject fields are Agricultural and Biological Sciences, Arts and Humanities, Biochemistry, Business, Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, Computer Science, Decision Science, Dentistry, Earth and Planetary Sciences, Economics, Energy, Engineering, Environmental Science, Health Professions, Immunology and Microbiology, Multidisciplinary, Materials Science, Mathematics, Medicine, Neuroscience, Nursing, Pharmacology, Physics and Astronomy, Psychology, Social Sciences, and Veterinary.	0
As noted, this study also uses PORCESS to estimate the proposed relationships via bootstrapping (number of bootstrap samples=5,000).	3
We thank Sta?a Milojevi?, Jisung Yoon, Sadamori Kojaku, Byungkyu Lee, Bruce Weinberg, Paula Stephan, Santiago Schnell, Tao Zhou, Junming Huang, Jian Gao, Yi Bu, Qianming Zhang, Brian Uzzi, Hyejin Youn, and Nima Dehmamy for helpful discussion and comments.	0
The results show that the co-cited references network generated by 160,574 cited documents (from 4854 citing documents) produced 659 nodes, 1705 connections and 161 clusters from 2007 to 2018 when we fix the nodes at e=3.0.	4
To quantify the exploration and exploitation behaviors of the scientists, we take two approaches.	3
The second series is instead calculated over the number of citable items, using the same methodology.	0
The authors used Bibliometrix to collect and analyze the dataset and develop the graphical visualization.	3
This study presents a prestige-level interdisciplinary research measure and extends the existing interdisciplinary approaches from the popularity dimension to prestige dimension.	3
In our model, we assume that scientific impact is the only systematic factor influencing the number of citations of a publication.	3
The Kruskal-Wallis test employed to verify the performance of the different supply chain networks in Taiwan's EV industry shows that the charging pile system sector exhibits significant innovation performance.	5
Developing an asset-based analysis of the REF, we will argue, provides a key means for understanding the processes through which UK higher education institutions are now governed.	1
To carry out this study were raised publications between the years 2003 and 2013, using as keywords ''genetic improvement'' in the international database SCOPUS, which is a part of world literature.	2
The average number of citations to an article per month is used as a measure of citation rate.	3
We employ the negative binomial model because (i) our dependent variable is a count variable with non-negative values, frequently taking a value of zero, and (ii) the negative binomial model is preferred to the Poisson model, as we encounter the overdispersion problem in our data with the latter model (Wooldridge 2001).	3
All together, our study found that the Journal Impact Factor plays no relevant role in the medical guidelines with regard to publication dates, or as criteria for the selection of references.	5
This study finds that after implementing the new promotion guidelines, researchers applying for promotion at KNUST submit more publications that are published in one of the recommended publication outlets.	5
Data on staff members of each university and their SDS classifications are extracted from the database on Italian university personnel, maintained by the Ministry for Universities and Research.	2
For each query, only the most recent 25,000 results were considered in this study.	2
We selected this UoA because it had the highest number of museum and art gallery mentions per ICS.	3
This paper examines the consequences of alphabetical author order for job placements of economists, based on a context that enables a cleaner identification: We explore variation in surname initials of Chinese economists, relying on the fact that in Chinese culture, names—in Chinese characters—are seldom listed alphabetically in contexts other than joint publications in international economics journals.	1
Following is a discussion of each field of research, starting with the label we have used for naming.	0
Fonte financiadora: Funda??o de Amparo à Pesquisa do Estado de Minas Gerais (Fapemig) - PPM-00345-11 e 00286-11	0
The different features of the two social media platforms may influence the opposite prediction of international student mobility in the real world (Haustein et al., 2014; Holmberg; Vainio, 2018), as demonstrated by previous studies that addressed international student mobility and web hyperlinks (Barnett et al., 2016; Jiang, 2014).	5
All articles on ankle arthroscopy were analyzed using the Web of Science platform.	2
We aimed to clarify the open access variants provided by leading medical journals and record the availability of the CC BY licence for commercially funded research.	1
We have obtained a QHC from ten of the 12 ASEBDs examined.	5
and J.Y.) independently reviewed titles and abstracts and then selected articles based on the following inclusion criteria: studies that pertain to anesthesiology or pain, studies that involve all research techniques (e.g., human subjects, basic science, animal studies, and reviews/meta-analyses), and articles that were retracted between 1987 and 2017 inclusive.	3
The intermediary data file was a journal-to-journal citation matrix for all indexed journals and proceedings in Elsevier's Scopus database with a two-year citation window (cited/citing years: 1997/1999, 2000/2002, 2003/2005, 2006/2008, and 2009/2011).	2
Co-word analysis is considered as an effective approach to investigate the knowledge structure and trends of domains.	3
My argument has been one against the reification of the cognitive process, but not against operationalization.	5
The authors thank the anonymous reviewers for their comments and suggestions on the manuscript.	0
Together these journals published 71,643 OA articles, which represented 3% of their total article volume (n = 2,422,087).	2
Dataset 1 was taken from the publicly available U.S.	2
Continuing reflection about the practices of scientific work, and who remains less connected to collaborative networks, is intrinsic to furthering interdisciplinary understanding in the fisheries world, to which we hope that this article has provided food for thought.	5
The threshold Levenshtein ratio was determined using Otsu's algorithm (Otsu, 1979) to be 0.281, as shown in Fig.	3
The initial Scopus database search retrieved 7,563 publications.	2
An extensive list of tables and additional plots are given in the Supplementary material.	0
Hence, co-word analysis was used to extract funding topics in both the first two analyses.	3
I thank Stephan Bruns, Robert Costanza, Stefano DellaVigna, Shuang Liu, Chunbo Ma, John Pezzey, and Michael Ward for helpful comments and suggestions.	0
Importantly, motivational drivers have both a direct and indirect effect on performance, supporting the relevance of distinguishing between effort and performance.	5
9) index given by: 1-∑p, where ph is the ratio of the number of organizations in the kth category of all organizations in the network.	3
Set the minimum number of occurrences of a keyword to 30, there are 139 keywords that meet the threshold.	3
The basis for this study were 50 journals taken from the communication section of the DICE2 database -used by ANECA as a quality benchmark for Spanish publications- together with the journal ?El Profesional de la Información?3.	2
When assessing societal impacts, emphasis should be on (i) contributions of research to societal impact instead of attributing societal impact to specific research, and (ii) efforts instead of results.	5
Our co-citation analysis covers the citing years between 1975 and 2008.	2
We calculate correlation coefficients, present contingency analysis of academic career stages with academic positions and age groups, and create a linear multivariate regression model.	3
We then define a gravity model to predict the observed flow Fij between two grid locations i and j in the knowledge space, defined as the number of scientists jumping from grid location i to location j, by using a rolling time window of 5 years:	3
This is a case study of quotations to a convenience sample of original contributions in psychiatric journals.	2
Following the meeting session, a questionnaire developed to survey VR users was sent to all 110 reviewers who participated in the six VR sessions (Table 1), asking for their feedback on the VR process.	2
The Russian Academy of Sciences dominates the publication landscape as a strong authority as it is located at the centre of the network graph (Fig.	4
As for newness, the first two articles published on a new topic each generate a citation premium >100%, which is higher within the focal thought collective than outside.	4
An ophthalmology department was counted if any author identified an affiliation with that department, university, or any affiliated hospital.	3
The objective of the present study was to assess the presence of researchers on two AIDs (ORCID and ResearcherID) and to compare the results with two ASNs (Academia.edu and ResearchGate), categorized by discipline, career advancement, and gender in a medium sized multidisciplinary university in France (University of Caen Normandy).	1
A total of 104,975 articles were published on dentistry and related fields between 2009 and 2019 and indexed by MEDLINE.	5
We use a regression framework to address this research question.	3
The data for research output are the documents index in Scopus database, unlike the previous studies that have used database of Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) Thomson Reuters.	2
The density calculated for the whole network is 0.051.	4
We assume that the players in our game, i.e., editor and author, have their own subjective belief about the likelihood of each revision type (H or L), which may differ but are common knowledge as follows.	2
This study aimed to investigate the citation status of articles published in the IJR in Iran's scientific community, specifically in the field of radiology.	1
It becomes clear that the differences between perceptions of the projects are large between social sciences and engineering sciences.	4
1 Coupling of tweeters over shared publications (Costas et al., 2017)	0
In this study, we have explored the impact of author gender with regard to publication success, based on a systematic evaluation of submitted and published articles in the Journal of Peace Research for the period 1983–2008.	5
Yet, to date, there has been no qualitative study of how US and Russian scientists negotiate differences over the course of their collaborations and what factors most influence the longevity and productivity of their collaborations.	1
By the K-core decomposition, the knowledge network of MI was divided into 8 cores as shown in Fig.	4
The dates and times were transformed to local times by geocoding the addresses and then extracting the time zone.	2
Using choice-set design and survey data from UK business and management scholars, we suggest and empirically demonstrate that the willingness to forgo citations to publish in 4* journals is strongest among academics who have already published in 4* and/or 4-rated journals.	4
When comparing IJHCS and CHI, please consider that the figures have different scales.	0
However, individuals with higher academic rank, regardless of gender, had more importance to the network.	4
The Scopus database was selected as a source of data for the identification of journals in the field of health and medical science because it covers quality-based journals in the field of science and technology published in India.	2
As expected, new methods tend to be more disruptive, whereas new theories tend to be less disruptive.	4
To explore whether motivations and concerns about posting preprints differ, the authors adopted a mixed-methods approach, combining a quantitative survey of researchers with focus group interviews.	3
We do not find conclusive evidence of a quality-improvement mechanism where discussants improve the inherent quality of papers, nor do we find evidence of discussants acting as seeds of diffusion of information about the paper.	5
Different generations of academics exhibit different academic behaviours and attitudes – and react differently to ongoing structural reforms in higher education.	5
This study sourced 657 merchandising-related articles published since 1960, from the Scopus database and 425 from Web of Science.	2
Section 3 then delves into the pros and cons of the main existing qualitative tools, before outlining in Section 4 the methodology followed in our study and showing its main results in Section 5.	0
In this section, we consider whether a rational and well-informed Editor-in-Chief should assign manuscripts to a biased editor in order to supervise the peer review process.	1
Furthermore, co-word analysis is based on the idea that the co-occurrence of keywords describes the contents of the documents in a file (Callon et al., 1991).	3
We estimate the treatment effect using Bayesian estimation techniques based on a data augmentation MCMC algorithm described in Appendix 4 that can deal with endogeneity.	3
Table 3 shows the Author-Author Citation Graph represented by the AA matrix which is obtained as the product [APfrac] [PP] [APfrac]T.	3
Moreover, 77.26% of publications are led by Vietnamese researchers.	4
In order to assess how each determinant affects the probability of expecting an increase in the future use of the model, we used a logistic regression, which is best adapted to the probability estimation of a dichotomous variable.	3
This article studies the forging of intellectual and social relations within universities by analyzing a single large U.S.	1
Park is Associate Librarian, Indiana University Libraries and Adjunct Assistant Professor, School of Library and Information Science, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN, USA; e-mail: park@indiana.edu.	0
Department of Leadership, Higher, & Adult Education, University of Toronto, Toronto, ON M4Y 1R6, Canada	0
We also estimated the average number of cells infected by an infectious virion (βTo/(y+βTo)) to be between 0.3 and 0.99 with higher values being observed more often in our simulations (figure 7).	4
About 69% of the categories would be in the second and third JCR quartiles, and only two would be in the fourth.	4
The SPA section typically receives 20–30 packages to evaluate within a month.	2
If material is not included in the article's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder.	0
Rather than being an alternative to traditional citation metrics, usage metrics should be applied as a useful addition to the former.	5
These findings highlight how information disclosure supports publication and knowledge pro- duction processes while promoting greater democratization of science within scientific communities.	5
The mean number of citations was 292.90 (range 100–3,910).	4
Nobody mentioned publishers' discovery platforms – the tools of choice (and trust) were very much Google and Google Scholar – and they generally do not go anywhere near the once-trusted library.	5
We would also like to thank the alumni of the McGill MD-PhD program, as well as the current students of the program, for their time and responses.	0
The method and the scale of sampling followed the example of J.	3
The hierarchical clustering resulted in a solution close to the 1st order clustering providing eight clusters.	4
To describe the impact of research, beyond the limits of the academic environment, Altmetric, a new social and traditional media metric was proposed.	1
This gap is attempted to be filled in this work by expanding Liu–Lu integrated approach to a generalized approach for weighted citation networks.	1
(2) How has LIS evolved from 1965 to 2015?	1
The bibliometric analysis indicates that international scientific collaboration between the two countries has expanded rapidly, from just four co-authored papers in 1981 to 2,040 in 2010.	4
Each and every NPR cited in the patents has been resolved previously to determine whether and which MEDLINE paper it refers to, with a high accuracy obtained (Ke, 2018).	2
BSI, Kolkata has contributed maximum number of publications (41%), followed by Southern Circle (17.12%), Central Circle (10%), Eastern Circle (8%), etc.	4
Pediatric institutions can partner with the CTSA program to further support training child health investigators.	5
A desirable goal of scientific management is to introduce, if it exists, a simple and reliable way to measure the scientific excellence of publicly funded research institutions and universities to serve as a basis for their ranking and financing.	1
Using the Scopus database (in contrast to Web of Science) permitted us to take all publications of the current staff of the studied university into account.	2
Overall, the 58 accounting journals on Beall's List are cited at significantly lower rates than the 61 accounting journals in the lower half of the Scopus CiteScore distribution.	5
That 71% of the posts are about fraud, especially image manipulation, reveals that PubPeer is mainly being used to report fraudulent research.	5
The results of this study suggest that Indian researchers are fairly doing well in COVID-19 research.	5
The American Journal of Sports Medicine was the journal in which the most cited articles were more frequently published.	4
For this analysis, 130 of 135 were analyzed: time conducting research, types of public funding (NIH grants), and publications from self-reported surveys that were verified via the NIH Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools Web site and PubMed.	2
Relationship between downloads and months since publications were described using negative binomial regression, clustering on individual articles.	3
We calculated the Pearson coefficient to construct a multidimensional scale (Torgerson 1952) with Xlstat software that illustrated the similarities between indicators in a two-dimensional space (Fig.	3
An increase in frequency and number of articles can aid to publish wide range of research topics and increase their influence.	0
In line with the current practice in the discipline, we measure scientific output using only articles that are published in international peer-reviewed journals.	3
Finally, it shows that the research system is quite small, allowing less than two research groups (on average) in each subfield.	4
h < 40), such as those considered in this study.	5
Furthermore, the extent of the variation between the total cite and net total cite country rankings was ascertained by correlating the two variables using Wilcoxon Signed -Rank Test.	3
From 2013 to 2017, JISTaP published 209 primary authors and co-authors from 25 countries (see Table 2).	2
The primary objective was to ascertain whether the rejected articles were subsequently published in another journal, and if any formal amendments were made.	1
Data from the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) database for EM category journals, including journal titles, language, numbers, and impact factors (IFs) from 2000 to 2019 were collected.	2
To eliminate the noise caused by these highly cited references, we modify the disruption metric and analyze its performance and robustness.	1
During 1979-2018, researchers with the highest AM values includes Smith L C (21.17) in 1979-1983, Vlachy J (25.48) in 1984–1998, Efthimiadis E N (21.19) in 1989–1993, Ingwersen P (24.96) in 1994–1998, Ding Y(40.01) in 1999–2003, Thelwall M (73.99) in 2004-2008, Leydesdorff L (59.68) in 2009-2013, and Thelwall M (113.62) in 2014-2018.	4
Griffith for their significant contribution during the research and Mike W.	0
Despite the main findings, at the career citations level (total citations, h-index), women still face citation-related disadvantages.	5
Thus, it is found that in the case of the sample of doctoral students, the predictive power is substantial, Academic Integrity, Academic Freedom, Intellectual Honesty, and Ethical Behavior together explaining 61.6% of Compliance with Ethics by doctoral students (R2=0.616), while the predictive power of the sample of supervisors is a moderate one, given that Academic Integrity, Academic Freedom, Intellectual Honesty, and Ethical Behavior together explain 45.6% of Compliance with Research Ethics (R2=0.456).	4
Tableau was used to visualize this location data.	3
The mean value of the h-index was 33.2±16.1 and the mean SQI was 78.5±33.4.	4
The purpose of the present work, based on the metadata contained in the 2012 SIR report, is to discuss the limitations, as well as world regional differences, in the relation among proxies for research impact and quality, scientific leadership and international collaboration beyond simply ranking.	1
The purpose of the present paper is to explore this issue.	0
In particular, comemberships in intergovernmental organizations largely promote close collaboration in science.	4
Our results suggest that a clearly articulated proposal is more likely to be funded than a proposal with lower quality of discourse.	4
Our distribution analysis confirmed previous findings within the literature regarding the non-normal nature of bibliometric and altmetric distributions.	5
Trend in publication with the IJO has changed over years with more articles being published in arthroplasty and Spine surgery.	5
Significantly, the results of node degree centrality correlation and link overlap jointly revealed that the intellectual structure identified by the research grant had the highest similarity to the intellectual structure identified by the research paper in the previous year and the following 1–2 years.	4
Further, this effect seems to have occurred primarily through two channels: by promoting new entries of scientists into the field, and by increasing overall public funding in stem cell research.	4
We employed two methodological approaches: analysis of authorship patterns and co-authorship networks.	3
Each selected COVID-related article was matched with a non-COVID article (Category B) from the same issue of the same journal—in most cases, the article that immediately followed or preceded the COVID-related article in the issue where it was published.	2
Figure 2 shows the number of times the library users selected unique journal titles.	0
In all, we consider fourteen economics faculties and two economics research institutes the Slovak Academy of Sciences (SAV).	2
Our study reveals the existence of a growing research community in which collaboration is increasingly important.	5
In addition, descriptive and inferential statistics were exploited.	3
The most common language label was Java (20%) and, excluding generic computing terms, the most common topic labels were Google (5%), security (3%) and bioinformatics (3%).	4
We examine the following three hypotheses derived from analogy with biodiversity.	1
In this study, we explored the premise that research effort should be used as an analysis unit to obtain citation rewards.	5
Regarding disease-specific keywords, malaria, dengue, and schistosomiasis were the most frequent keywords, occurring 142, 34, and 24 times, respectively.	4
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
For articles in the top 100 list, the median TC was 160 (interquartile range [IQR], 117-561) and the median AAS was 24.50 (IQR, 1-730).	4
Copyright-infringing downloading of pirated radiology journal articles occurs frequently across the world and impacts nearly all top impact-factor journals.	5
In this study, we describe dynamic and conserved patterns of international collaboration across the globe over four decades.	1
According to our study, the other 19 fields do not generically follow the approach of alphabetically ordering the authors.	5
Funding Open Access funding enabled and organized by CAUL and its Member Institutions.	0
These comments were divided into seven categories according to their degree of seriousness (Positive review, Critical review, Lack of information, Honest errors, Methodological flaws, Publishing fraud, and Manipulation).	3
Downloaded from sss.sagepub.com at UNIV OF MICHIGAN on April 18, 2015	0
(2008), which is based on the concept of modularity (Newman 2004).	3
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Our publication data are for researchers in the life and medical sciences selected for the 21st Century Centers of Excellence program established in 2002 by the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (Ida and Fukuzawa 2013).	2
It is found that, on average, papers with an institutional e-mail address receive more citations than other ones.	4
Our view is that Zoomification will continue to be an important tool in research collaboration and its use will in the intermediate term expand, but it will not replace in-person research collaboration and mentoring.	5
Received September 22, 2008; revised November 26, 2008; accepted November 26, 2008	0
Experimental results show that the CRF model based on linguistic patterns is superior to the commonly used support vector machine (SVM) model in both subjective/objective and emotional polarity classification tasks.	4
One of the quality dimensions lacking valid indicators is an individual researcher's independence.	1
Citation indices in health care science have a value, but this is limited to giving a broad overview.	5
To conduct the bibliometric analysis of the Journal of the College of Physicians and Surgeons Pakistan (JCPSP) from 2012 to 2014.	1
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-016-1894-5) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Authors are deeply indebted to Giorgia Barbetta for her invaluable support in data processing.	0
Citations for the top 100 articles ranged from 346 to 7875, and citations per year ranged from 11.12 to 525.	4
Unveil that the backward and forward Vallarta citations follow a scale-free network distribution.	1
"Harzing's Publish or Perish," a free program available on the Web that queries Google Scholar, was used to calculate h for each AEP.	3
Hence, this presence has and will attract international contributors to publish their articles in MJCS because it is visibility electronically [65].	0
One natural approach is to assume that q*, the fixed level of journal quality in a deterministic world, is simply equal to the mean of the quality distribution, Eq, in the other world that has randomness.	3
The DBV for each article was gathered from the dimensions website (http://www.digital-science.	3
Based on a preliminary analysis of the article corpus, the research articles within our corpus were published in 2,065 journals.	4
Altmetrics are most effective as a predictor of citation counts in Psychiatry, Clinical Psychology and Political Science; appear useful in Nursing and Information Science & Library Science; fairly applicable in Health Policy and Services and Management.	4
Moreover, to account for the endogeneity of Relevance and Reputation in the system of two equations, we employ the control function approach suggested by Wooldridge (2010, 2014) which proceeds in three steps.	3
One, do rotators influence the funding records of their early career colleagues (and if so, what is the mechanism)?	1
On the other hand, we observe that the correlation between indicator x3 and indicator x4 is almost absent for the SSH.	4
This web service is an online database of academic theses including information on their authors and references.	2
Quantitatively, we see that most fields undergo weak Popperian mixing, and it is rare for a field to remain isolated/undergo strong mixing.	4
The top 3 countries (United States, United Kingdom, and Italy) accounted for 56.71% of all publications.	4
As an additional source, we used data from the Russian national database Russian Science Citation Index (RSCI)–C, the Russian Science Citation Index database, a joint product of eLibrary and Clarivate Analytics, similar to other national databases, such as Clarivate’s Korean, Chinese, and Latino Citation Index.	2
Except for Japan, all the most productive countries had an increase in scientific productivity in the last 12 years.	4
They learned that contacting multiple authors from a single publication can increase the accuracy of the resource attribution process in the case of multidisciplinary scientific projects.	5
In weighted and directed networks, we refer to the Dijkstra distance (Dijkstra 1959; Wang et al.	3
The most important field at TU Dresden (measured by having the largest share of publications from TU Dresden) is the field “Physics, Astronomy”, as shown in Fig.	4
The data can be accessed through end-user interfaces, widgets, and APIs of Plum analytics.	0
We can only indicate that there is a high probability of citation cartel existence, but this fact needs to be confirmed using a detailed analysis.	5
Table 2 shows that 67.5 % of the articles compare two countries and 84.2 % compare two or three countries.	4
This essay attempts to build some bridges between the two fields, demonstrating how the comparative-historical approach, aimed at providing theoretical accounts of institutional variations, can serve as a source of insights for the study of quantification policies.	3
We obtain RCR metrics from the NIH Open Citation Collection (Version 40) (26, 53), which focuses on PubMed papers.	2
User-driven: The ranking tool should not result in a single overall listing of universities (no league tables which aggregates all performance indicators in a single figure).	3
We find that two factors—topical authority and publication venue—are critical in determining whether a newly published paper will contribute to its primary author’s future h-index, while the existing citation count is the most decisive factor for a previously published paper.	5
Does topic modeling provide an alternative for co-word mapping in research practices using moderately sized document collections?	1
The Science Citation Index Expanded was queried using search terms from the American Board of Obstetrics and Gynecology's 2018 certifying examination topics list.	2
A total of 2730 articles with the term Scope of Practice in the Title, Abstract or Keywords were identified.	4
These measures allow us to quantitatively identify past junctures as well as future candidates.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
We also found that when proposers have previously worked with other team members on an awarded grant proposal (proposer team familiarity), the positive association between the number of proposers and teamwork coaching is reduced (supporting H4).	4
The number of IDs registered for Germany increased from approximately 44,000 in 2016 to 300,070 in 2023.	4
As the variables related to attitudes toward academic misconduct are continuous, a descriptive statistical analysis using a one-sample t-test was conducted to examine the current situation.	3
To ensure the breadth of the search scope, the search terms were confirmed as “multiple sclerosis” (MS) or “amyotrophic lateral sclerosis” (ALS) or “Parkinson's” or “Alzheimer's” or “Huntington's” or “neurodegenerative.”	2
However, our analysis of APT documents from research intensive nursing schools found that there is significant room for growth and recognition of team science in nursing as only 55% of schools included (at the time of our review) any mention of such practices in their APT process.	5
Plastic surgeons on faculty in integrated plastic surgery programs had significantly higher h-indices (9.64) than those at traditional programs (6.28).	4
The 50 most-cited articles were published in 22 different journals.	4
Competing Interests: The author has declared that no competing interests exist.	0
collaborations with colleagues of the same SDS AGR10, Fig.	4
Given the data types in this study, Spearman's rank correlation method is employed for analysis.	3
The clustering procedure was applied to the structure of collaboration measured with the following four categories: ?	3
I have then asked myself the question how my h-index would have evolved, if I had stopped publishing, e.g., in 1983 shortly after my post-doc stay.	3
Similar trends affected the correlations between citations and the statistics of electronic usage.	0
The developed theorems and proofs concerning the modification of a and β reveal new properties and complement the base theory for informetrics.	5
Our aim is to first characterize the patterns and structure of the community of researchers in software conferences.	1
This study, which is based on data from the disciplines of “Health Sciences” and “Biology and Life Sciences” as indexed by WoS, shows that the percentage of non-grant-funded articles is clearly reduced in APC OA journals, especially relative to free OA journals, and that the percentage of grant-funded articles increases with increased APCs.	5
2208 articles were collected, 814 from ML, 909 from TW and 485 from HK.	2
This work is also useful for student identifying graduate schools and researchers selecting journals.	5
Editorial responsibility: Penny Kuhn, Oldendorf/Luhe, Germany, and Lutz Bornmann (Guest Editor), Zurich, Switzerland	0
For China, the KC rank goes up to the 4th place from 16th place, indicating that China's capability to create knowledge has greatly improved.	4
Details for how both steps in the process were conducted is provided in the remainder of this section.	0
We appreciate the use of the printed journals in the University of Arizona’s Health Sciences, Science-Engineering, and Main Libraries and suggestions for clarifications by the two referees.	0
The hope is that presenting these journals in one place, using popular and established journal ranking metrics, will result in a useful guide for health economic researchers as they seek to disseminate their work.	5
Based on the findings of this study we suggest, firstly, that Google should upgrade its rankings at least semi-annually and, secondly, that the results should be displayed in each ranking proportionally to the number of journals indexed by language.	5
Based on the shifted Lotka function for the distribution of the citations over publications in a field and in a university we were able to prove a functional relation between MCS (the average number of citations of the publications of a university) and PP(θ) (the proportion of the publications of a university in this field that belong to the top 100θ% most frequently cited papers in this field).	5
In other words, the level of concentration of the citations among the first articles does not change the value of this index.	0
In the Results sections, the performance of the Perl script with respect to retrieval and matching quality, the evaluation of the MA metadata, the assessment of the coverage, and the analysis of citation counts are presented.	0
The larger the node or cluster, the more frequently the keyword is used, while the thicker the edge, the higher the frequency of the connected keywords.	0
The keywords used to identify materials helpfulness include “supply,” “use of,” “cells,” “reagents,” “antibodies,” etc.	0
A barycenter is an entity’s weighted average location on a map.	3
The results reveal a clear preference for the United States and Great Britain among graduates, influenced by linguistic affinities and historical cultural relations.	4
Between January and March 2017, individual names of surgeons were searched under the author tab of Elsevier's Scopus database.	2
China holds the most global NFM patents, with rapid growth in patent numbers from 2005–2011.	4
The purpose of the CA abstract is to alert and to inform; it is not intended as a substitute for the original writing.	0
We also limited the results by Document Type to include only articles, proceedings papers, or book chapters.	2
This would seem a good starting point for devising an ethical impactology.	5
Making a book available in the OAPEN Library does not only widen its readership, it is also a message about its academic quality.	5
We investigate whether universities benefit from big deals by answering two main research questions: 1) How does the advent of big deal affect the relationship between availability and use of journals?; and 2) how do big deals affect the average cost per use of journals?	1
While all interviewees were relatively open to the idea of randomly allocating funding in general, they showed reservations against pure randomization.	4
Therefore, we evaluated the prevalence and significance of corrections in a range of prominent journals.	1
Undergraduates tend to register newer articles in Mendeley than faculty (as defined here, excluding researchers even if they are faculty members) for all journals.	4
All search processes were duplicated by a second researcher to eliminate errors.	0
The measures from SNA usually employed in literature reviews are centrality, including degree centrality, closeness, and betweenness.	3
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 59(10):1631–1643, 2008	0
T100 articles originated from 15 countries, led by the USA (n=81) followed by Italy (n=9).	4
Using the story wall method and qualitative content analysis, we identified ten factors contributing to the success or failure of publishing interdisciplinary research.	4
The mean citation counts of the top 50 publications were 77 (range 45–278) and 49 (range 33–145) for periods 1 and 2, respectively.	4
It also provides evidence that the age of cited references varies by section, with older references being found in the methods and more recent references in the discussion.	4
The purpose of our study is to explore how scientist collaboration impacts knowledge creation.	1
A Python-based automatic web crawler was utilized to collect ICT policies enacted by Chinese governments from 1994 to 2021.	2
Thus, the dataset for the analysis is composed of 1,979 assistant professors, 473 of whom were competition winners.	2
In other words, teamwork pays off, whatever your place in the pecking order.	0
In the process of network evolution in different stages, the number and proportion of Chinese Business School are relatively low compared with foreign universities, but overall, there has been a big improvement.	5
INFORMS is the largest professional society in the world for professionals in the fields of operations research, management science, and analytics.	0
In this paper we therefore develop and apply a machine learning approach based on structural topic modelling in combination with cosine similarity and a linear regression framework in order to identify differences in dissertation titles written at East and West German universities before and after German reunification.	1
A conceptual framework comprising core and peripheral concepts in the field of CSCW is also presented.	0
The University of Jordan is the main contributor to the Jordanian research output with a total of 5494 (27%) publications, followed by the Jordan University of Science and Technology with 4270 (21%) publications, Hashemite University with 2368 (11.6%), Al-Balqa Applied University with 1983 (9.7%) publications, Al-Yarmouk University with 1581 (7.8%) publications, and Mu'tah University with 1009 (5%) publications.	4
Overall, our analysis showed that experiments at synchrotron light sources usually do not directly generate innovations, but rather create knowledge embodied in scientific papers which in turn are used downstream for innovation purposes as documented by the analysis of citations in other papers and patents.	5
What is the diffusion path of social media resources for organic products in Mexico and Korea through Twitter?	1
We return to the word/document matrix using first a single text with a strong argument ("The Leiden Manifesto") and then upscale to a sample of moderate size (n = 687) to study the pros and cons of the two approaches in terms of the resulting possibilities for making semantic maps that can serve an argument.	1
Motivated by the observations above, we propose the novel method AIRank to evaluate the scientific impact of scholars.	1
The authors of articles published in journals indexed by WoS have gained more self-citations than authors having articles published in ISC.	5
This set of assumptions produces the classic 'free rider' equilibrium.	4
Our source of citations data is the Web of Science.	2
Johnson-Shoyama Graduate School of Public Policy, University of Saskatchewan Campus, Diefenbaker Building, 101 Diefenbaker Place, Saskatoon, SK S7N 5B8, Canada	0
Our analysis reveals that scientists' scientific reputation is positively related to their subsequent number of publications in interdisciplinary journals.	4
This article uses experimental simulation modelling to assess the precision of different national citation impact indicators for individual fields, document types and years.	3
Model 1 indicates that department-level inbreeding has a negative effect (dept-level inbred: b = -0.369, p<0.05) while lab-level inbreeding does not have a significant effect (lab-level inbred: p>0.1).	4
The presence of a stylistic title was associated with more citations if the article was published in a lower impact journal, but fewer citations if it was published in a higher impact journal.	4
After the removal of articles for which first 12 months download data was not available, our sample size became 125 articles for TLT and 207 articles for ToE.	2
Based on QQR, we present three characterizations of the Hirsch-index without adopting MON.	4
The core sample is journal articles published between 1950–1969 and 1980–1989.	2
The negative publicity that the publisher attracted in 2012 led to fewer submissions in 2012 or 2013, but experienced a revival in 2014.	4
The results showed that researches were done in the United States had highest citation which was written in English language.	4
The purpose of the study is to know the various factors librarians consider while selecting open access journal for publication.	1
For example, cardiovascular and respiratory diseases contribute to ~23% of the disease burden in India but only have a ~6% share of the total publications.	4
Moreover, these additional contributions are disproportionately likely to be highly cited and are more likely to be authored by scientists who were not previously active in the superstar's field before his or her death.	4
Moreover, our results suggest that the use of peer review as a criterion for distinguishing academic from enlightenment book literature, is more valid for the Social Sciences and less so for the Humanities, where the boundaries between different literatures, academic versus enlightenment and international versus domestic, remain less clear cut.	5
(3) What are the implications of the spatiotemporal relationships of IUSS-ECE evolution for low-carbon policies?	1
The citation impact of study design is in accordance with current theoretical hierarchies of evidence.	5
While the barycenter approach is based on a journal map, the similarity-adapted publication vector (SAPV) approach is based on the full journal similarity matrix.	3
In Section 2, I briefly discuss various stages in the publication process.	0
The total number of articles found in the study period was 639.	4
The value of R2 is very high and is 0.818, which confirms that 81.8% of the variation in the dependent variable Y is explained by the influence of input variables (X1-X7), which also confirms the relationship between Regression and Residual (81.82% : 18.78%), obtained by ANOVA test (Table 3).	4
c We show collaboration counts after 1990 because there is higher data volume in this period of time.	0
Removing 267 reviewers of indeterminate gender as well as 1,784 reviewers without a Researcher ID, we arrived at a final research sample of 6,289 reviewers, accounting for 77% of Publons’ “Top 1% Reviewers” and consisting of 5,406 males (86%) and 883 females (14%).	2
This paper will discuss the approach that the University of Maine library is taking to raise awareness of altmetrics, in an effort to increase attention to its possible role in assessment.	1
This study is meant to shed light on the various determinants of APC.	1
Citation analysis has been widely used to evaluate the impact of articles in medical and surgical specialties.	1
The search terms were “Corylus avellana" in the title, abstract and keywords; only peer-reviewed documents published in English between 1980 and 2019 were considered.	2
The correlations of the TFR with the SJR and the JIF (3y) are weak.	4
Discovering the research front of a specific topic remains a significant challenge for researchers in all scientific areas.	1
The limitation of this method is that it may miss small topics or indications of new topics.	5
Full details of the exclusion process are available in Appendix B.	0
Accordingly USA with 380 records ranked first and is considered as the country having the most collaboration with Iran.	4
Seven metrics that measure the importance of keywords in a co-word network were calculated, namely, Frequency (fr), Degree Centrality (dc), Betweenness Centrality (bc), Clustering Coefficient (cc), Coreness (co), H-index (hi), and Weighted PageRank (pr).	3
We demonstrate the utility of the ε'-index using a sample of 480 researchers with Google Scholar profiles, stratified evenly into eight disciplines (archaeology, chemistry, ecology, evolution and development, geology, microbiology, ophthalmology, palaeontology), three career stages (early, mid-, late-career), and two genders.	2
Each measurement highlights a different book title all together (see Table 3).	4
The reason that predatory journals are called “predatory” is because they seek profit while completely dropping quality control.	5
Section 1.2 presents the main result and a limited empirical example contrasting the performance of E-index with h-index in the field of economics.	0
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.1007/s1119 2-020-03814-w) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
With the analysis of articles published in BABT from 2017 to 2020, it was also found that 28.15% of the authors who published in the journal are professors associated with the SSGP.	4
Overall, the look and feel of all 13 publishers was almost similar including names of publishers, website addresses, homepage content, homepage images, list of journals and subject areas, as if they were copied and pasted.	4
Our results lend support to the social constructionist perspective on citation suggesting that an article does not get cited because of 'what' is said, but because of 'who' said it, with citation and other similar academic practices shaped by existing social norms, beliefs system, and practices (Meyer et al., 2018; Stremersch et al., 2007).	5
The article will end with a reflection about the reasons for the decline of the CLW and its impact.	0
*p < .10, one-tailed test; **p < .05, one-tailed test; ***p < .01, two-tailed test.	0
A quick look at Table S.1 in the electronic supplement with top 20 computer scientists sorted by four centrality measures (degree, PageRank3, betweenness, and closeness) reveals that most prominent researchers in the original co-authorship network are ranked high by several indicators and only seven of them are appreciated by one: Milan Ojster?ek [6823] and Matja?	4
The authors adopted approaches to obtain the literature data from Scopus database from 2000 to 2020 by conducting a systematic search using keywords related to the studied subject domain.	2
Participants were researching in eight different disciplines within the humanities (See Table 1); 18 current research projects were discussed in relation to impact and around 30 past projects drawn upon as examples.	2
Journal datasets analysed in the current study comprised two complete medical categories in the SCIE Edition of the 2018 Journal Citation Report (JCR)—‘Medicine, Research & Experimental' and 'Medicine, General & Internal'—as well as the three highest ranking journals (JIF-based ranking) from all categories of both 2018 JCR editions, i.e.	2
Bibliometrics is the scientific measurement of scientific output by means of publication data.	3
This case study has revealed insight into how restrictive e-journal access has affected scholars in an academic health and life sciences library from accessing literature relevant to their work.	5
1 (Color online) The schematic diagram of two forms of collaboration networks for a scientific publication.	0
This finding undermines the hypothesis in previous studies that citation bias against women may help to explain their underrepresentation in some fields.	5
For some, impact—understood in terms of outcomes and dissemination—was considered an inherent part of the research process pre-dating REF2014.	4
Productivity analysis was conducted by author and country rankings.	3
Level IV was the most common evidence level (17).	4
Basing our data on the PubMed MeSH term "World Health” (changed to "Global Health” in 2015) and utilizing the citation and funding metadata provided by Web of Science, we analyze nearly 20,000 articles using the software platform CorTexT for the automatic processing of large text corpora.	2
The contribution to the information and library sciences is mainly methodological; but using examples from the philosophy of science, we could show how interesting questions can be further developed by using this tool.	5
We analyzed the publication data provided by American Physical Society (APS).	2
Received: 10 May 2017 / Revised: 26 June 2017 / Accepted: 17 July 2017	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/371132550	0
The websites of the libraries in the US and Canada addressed predatory publishing both indirectly and directly, with US libraries favoring the former approach and Canadian libraries tending towards the latter.	4
Objective: To illustrate the academic influence of Chinese Journal of Integrated Traditional and Western medicine, and provide suggestions for further development of the Journal.	1
Our proposed method is promising and can be considered complementary to the existing citation metrics, such as IF, H-index, and g-index.	5
Reviewers' comments were nearly equally split between issues of methodology (30.7%), theory (30.0%), and writing quality (29.2%).	4
The present study shows that Brazil is a frequent co-author of articles published in top-tier dental journals (Table 2).	4
Table 3 Likelihood of dissertations by advisor background (logistic regressions) for non-medical dissertations	0
This article detailed the 50 most cited articles on rotator cuff repair.	5
In our analysis, we also examined the 8749 citations referring to these papers, 6456 of which originated from different papers.	2
The publication profile reveals that more than 93% of the existing records have been published over the last two decades.	4
In general, German authors who were internationally mobile are more similar to their co-authors than non-internationally mobile authors.	4
Twenty-one users in these groups working in UK centers of Acoustic research were contacted.	0
On average, 2.68 (±1.62 s.d.) keywords were reused in the title or abstract, which represents 45.8% (±0.25 s.d.) of the keywords used.	4
This study analyzes 10 years of HKU publication data extracted from SCOPUS, to track and inform the trend in shifting toward OA journals from 2006 up to 2016.	2
The finalized dataset contained 2188 unique documents, which includes book chapters in addition to journal articles.	2
The five-item automaticity specific subscale of habit was based on the Self-Reported Behavioural Automaticity Index (SRBAI; Gardner et al., 2012), which was extracted from the 12-item Self-Report Habit Index (SRHI; Verplanken and Orbell, 2003) and was confirmed to perform well across studies (Gardner et al., 2012).	3
A total of 117 research groups were evaluated.	2
The last column in the Table 1 indicates the correlations between predicted and actual directions of shift (up or down) in the ranked lists based on different measures.	4
The email was not addressed to the first author in person, instead to “Dear colleague", suggesting that this was a spam email that might have been sent to a large number of recipients.	4
High corruption environments are associated with greater rates of pathologies in science, and reward policies for publication may generate pathologies as a side effect (although if they are both in the model, only corruption is statistically significant, as shown in Column 1).	4
Despite the simplicity of the model, it captures the main factors playing a role in such relation, namely, the academic proficiency of the persons and the social relations in their activities.	5
All the text information was then imported into the Microsoft Excel for further cleaning and analysis.	3
The logistic regression model, f(x)= c/[1 + a × exp (-bxx)], was used to calculate the cumulative volume and to predict future trend of papers in this field.	3
We performed a multivariate regression (ordinary least squares) analysis, similar to that of Taylor (2011), with the environment grade point average (GPA) score as the dependent variable.	3
The lower right part of the map includes semiconductor, electronics, and information & communications technologies (ICT).	4
In this work, we conducted a bibliometric study of TRS research by applying author topic modeling (ATM) on MEDLINE citations published by currently-funded TRS principle investigators (PIs).	1
The five most-cited authors (total number of citations per author) were Berkes (642 citations) followed by Gadgil (622 citations), Folke (615 citations), Godoy (336 citations), and Anderson (329 citations) (as shown in Fig.	4
The Scopus database was developed by Elsevier and combines the characteristics of both Web of Science and PubMed.	2
State-space prediction of the future pattern of these grants shows that time has no clearly beneficial effect on women's participation as applicants, granted, expert panel members or panel chairs, particularly in the area of Physics and Engineering.	5
Most of the 49 participants in our 2020 and 2021 cohorts were advanced students or early-career academics.	2
Results indicated that the United States is the world leader in research in gifted education having produced a total of 3926 articles in the database (71%).	4
Citespace co-citation or co-occurrence analyses can be applied to different factors, such as cited reference, co-word, cited author, cited journal and so on.	3
Furthermore, inter-regional referencing and international cooperation are suggested as potential directions to promote the process of de-Westernization and to deepen globalization in the field of journalism research.	5
In contrast to previous studies, the current analysis has found some areas in which WoS is better than Scopus and so Scopus is not always the most comprehensive source.	5
In the present study, our goal is to determine factors associated with the scientific output of Momentum research groups.	1
A firm’s technological breakthrough is more likely to be among the firm’s earliest patents, regardless of firm’s group of impact, represented by an early peak of P(N*/N).	4
The results show that the characteristics of the citing author indeed resemble those of the publishing author.	4
Amsterdam School of Communications Research (ASCoR), University of Amsterdam, Kloveniersburgwal 48, 1012 CX Amsterdam, The Netherlands.	0
In conclusion, of 122 countries, Turkey ranked 14th in the number of orthopedic publications and 26th out of 30 countries in the PmP index.	5
The majority of AEPs had h-indices of zero or one (59%), 85% had h-indices less than six, 95% less than 13, and 99% less than 24.	4
The p-values of all the power-law fitting experiments are not significant.	4
We used REF impact case studies as the data source for analysis because they provide detailed narratives about a wide range of research impacts beyond academia (e.g., economic, social, cultural, public policy) and include sources to support impact claims in a structured format across 34 REF subjects.	2
A bibliometric method was used to analyze breast cancer research trends and performances including international collaboration, distribution of institutes and author publications.	3
The sample for Webometric analysis compises 15 Sri Lankan state universities, and a sample of candidate contributors were selected from 15 universities based on stratified random sampling.	2
What we found here was, that the most prevalent topics in our data set are Optimization, Classification & Pattern Mining and the two topics on Neural Networks.	4
We have defined 16 categories and analyzed the article distribution (Fig.	3
Note: With the exception of "Reader Interest," Section B, all values are statistically significant at or beyond the .05 level.	0
Efficiency data as a function of time were taken from the NREL website [1].	2
Then, the average citations received by each publication by quartiles and the share of total citations received by quartiles, were analyzed.	3
environmental sciences in registered institutions after OARE registration) with the change in research output for scientific fields in the control group (i.e.	3
Three thousand and seventy six documents in “urology and nephrology” subject category were retrieved from 104 journals.	4
The share of scholarly papers published by University of Primorska researchers' in scholarly journals with the highest impact (measured in Web of Science and Scopus) has also increased substantially, from 18.03% in 2011 to 31.55% in 2014.	4
First, from the Web Of Science (WOS), we extracted the list of journals that are listed in either of the three core indices by 2021.	2
Modeling cumulative citation distributions with spline functions reveals the hidden dynamics of the citation diffusion process.	3
The study's results, which identified five key themes in these invitations emphasis on novelty, promises of rapid publication, appeals to research impact, flattering language, and persistent messaging – highlight the tension between potential opportunities for interdisciplinary collaboration and the risks associated with predatory publishing practices.	5
To address our third research question we build logit models using the same setup of person year observations, the same set of right hand side variables and the samples used for Table 5.	3
The research is a qualitative study based on semi-structured interviews with the funded researchers and representatives of the funding agency.	2
These results suggest that the productivity gains of young scientists with an early debut tend to decrease over time.	4
We selected seven social media metrics in altmetric.com which are: new mentions, blog mentions, Twitter mentions, Facebook mentions, Google mentions, number of Mendeley readers and number of dimension citations.	3
Figure 4 shows the research collaboration network of the RMS users rendered by Gephi [28].	3
This article provides an explanation for previously observed gender differences in scientific performance during doctoral studies and the early career.	1
To supplement such analyses we have worked on publicly available citation metadata from Crossref and OpenCitatons.	1
Based on this data, we draw on survival (event history) analysis to estimate the hazards of getting a first permanent professorship in Germany.	3
A database of 1671 academic neurosurgeons was compiled in July and August 2020 through public searches of hospital and faculty websites for the 115 U.S. neurosurgical residency training programs.	2
A chi-squared test revealed a significant association between gender and beliefs about altmetrics as a way of evaluating research impact, x2 (1, n = 80) = 6.88, p = 0.009: 81 per cent of females agreed that altmetrics were a good way of evaluating the impact of scientific research, while males were more evenly split: 53 per cent of males believed they were good for evaluation and 47 per cent believed they were not.	4
In conclusion, this study has identified the 100 most often cited pediatric emergency medicine articles published in PEC since 1985.	5
From the results we can see that most papers belong to Biology and Medicine.	4
After removing articles in journals that were not in the Science-Metrix scheme, 799,055 articles had at least one citation in the six sections combined.	2
Furthermore, over the past decade, numerous illegitimate and downright predatory journals have emerged in most fields of science.	5
Hx is the result of combining two factors, I?	3
In addition, the 10 articles with the highest Altmetric Attention Scores were identified and their key characteristics extracted.	3
We examined these two complementary questions by undertaking a meta-analysis across the scientometric literature, designed to build a quantitative understanding of the effect of non-scientific features on citations of scientific articles.	1
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
1: Wroc?aw and Kraków (Poland), Bucharest (Romania), The Hague (The Netherlands), Skopje (North Macedonia) and Tel Aviv-Jaffa, Herzliya, Kfar Saba and Jerusalem (Israel).	2
Logistic regression was used to compare the odds of having any postmedical school publication, with graduation year as a covariate.	3
To test the above presented model we had to restrict ourselves to one discipline, and settled on the field of chemistry for three reasons.	2
Each Article Impact Report includes: A cover page infographic with citation data highlights from a variety of sources; Geographic identities of citing papers; Top citing organizations; Top citing journals by Impact Factor; Alternative metrics summary; and An "About the Report" page detailing data sources and analysis parameters.	4
This study reveals that review papers, state of art reviews and simulation-based studies have a higher chance of receiving more citations than the research articles.	5
Spearman rank correlations were computed to evaluate the associations between each bibliometric measure and academic rank.	3
1A), consisting of 463,348 papers published between 1893 and 2010 and spanning all areas of physics (3).	2
This may suggest that the some institutions and researchers in Australia are very interested in whiplash injury, and have a great priority in this field.	5
Using the Brazilian Researchers' Fellowship databank we show that the gender and diversity both in gender and in geography decreases along the researchers' career.	2
The primary objective of this study was to investigate the correlations between both Altmetric and PlumX scores and citation count.	1
In addition, the averaged impact factor of journals in which otolaryngology education articles are published has exceeded that of averaged otolaryngology journals over time (see Figures 4 and 5).	4
We performed a scientometric analysis of Chaos papers from 1991 to 2019, applying a careful disambiguation process for identifying the authors correctly.	1
Three clustering methods were deployed in this work: agglomerative clustering, k-means clustering, and Non-negative Matrix Factorization (NMF).	3
The USA is the most productive country in the field of EFF research, and published 223 top-cited articles contributing to 33.38%.	4
For scientists to even offer time to determine if they are following the predictive models is rare.	0
The journal IEEE COMMUNICATIONS SURVEYS AND TUTORIALS ranks among the top in terms of the number of highly cited papers and journal impact factors.	4
These findings must be interpreted cautiously, however, for the possible impact of other factors such as the growing competition for grants, changes in the university sector or rankings was not envisaged in this study (van den Besselaar, Heyman and Sandstr?m 2017; Sandstr?m and Van den Besselaar 2018).	0
Corresponding authors with a higher h-index and authors from Europe and North America were more likely to establish international connections.	5
In this paper, we present Ogmios, a system that aims to reduce the time and effort of this process.	1
Cluster 1 (47 % of the centres) presented the best research output with a high percentage of articles in the first quartile, large number of authors and high collaboration rates, mainly national oriented with some international links.	4
Data was retrieved from the database Web of Science (WoS) by Thomson Reuters and from the Medline database (PubMed) by the U.S.	2
The outcome measures used in these studies are shown in online Table A (http://www jama.com).	0
This study aimed to investigate the characteristics of retraction in Korean medical journals in the KoreaMed database.	1
A general consensus among the following assessments indicated that the model reasonably characterizes relationships among the measurable variables associated with NSI, SI, AR, and JR: RMSEA, SRMR, and Bentler’s CFI (CFI; χ2 = 453.796, with p value < 0.0001; RMSEA = 0.091; SRMR = 0.057; CFI = 0.951).	4
Across groups, the link was most commonly located in the header (see Fig.	4
We focus our bibliometric analyses on publication data of StG 2009 applicants.	2
Consider a multi-institutional catalytic process development financed by a national granting body (Figure 5).	3
The body of BBD comparative studies is fragile in keeping with other pediatric urology literature populations.	5
The goal of this study is to explicitly model and describe the structure of the ISPIM innovation management research community from the SNA point of view.	1
The Blau index computed across all authors in the three journals was .813 for the International Journal of Advertising, which is higher than the values of .623 for the Journal of Advertising and .680 for the Journal of Advertising Research.	4
connections) and network density more than tripled, average degree increased four-fold, and connectedness and proximity also nearly doubled, showing how overall research has become more connected and interdisciplinary at a network level (Supplementary Table S4).	4
The paper is built on a three-year longitudinal study on ECRs and their experiences in publishing.	3
Author Affiliations: School of Nursing, Beijing University of Chinese Medicine (Ms Hou and Drs Hao and Duan); Nursing Department (Ms Cao), Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Beijing; and School of Nursing, Dalian University (Ms She), China.	0
Bibliometric mapping was used to visualize the content of published articles and determine the most prolific research terms and themes published in Journal of Advanced Nursing and their evolution through time.	3
The data for the study were provided by eLIBRARY.RU, the largest electronic library of Russian scientific publications, which was founded on 1st December 1998 (Eremenko, 2003 and Glukhov et al., 2004).	2
In trying to be more thorough, we asked the members of research groups specialising in radio studies, such as Intercom Radio (Brazil) or Rede de Estudos de Rádio e Som (Portugal), to disseminate the questionnaire amongst their members (snowball sampling).	3
Aiming to address these concerns, we propose a methodology based on bi-layer network analytics to quantitatively identify EGPTs.	1
The journal list is drawn from Brogaard, Engelberg, and Parsons (2014) and the data for each paper, including citations, were downloaded from Web of Science in July 2017.	2
For the analysis, non-vector formulas (Euclidean formulas) of the indexes were utilised.	3
quality of writing, "clarity" of the research question, theory, methodology.	3
Research activity was adjusted for Arab countries based on population size retrieved from the online databases of the World Bank (World Bank Group 2013).	3
We find that the fraction of papers on the topic has been exponentially increasing since the 1950s.	4
The overall retraction rate was relatively lower (0.19%) compared with other fields such as neurosurgery (7.3%) (16).	5
To give an initial answer to this question we created a data set using publications included in The Philosopher's Index concerning the four journals mentioned over the period 2000–2010.	2
The second approach is comprised of calculating the median or mean value of the DI of all articles in a year to indicate the development of the DI values over years since publication.	3
Lokta's law was found to be valid for Indian sandalwood research, indicating a possibility for increased research in the upcoming years which perfectly correlate with the increase in sandalwood prices.	4
A zero-inflated count model provides another way to model excess zeros, therefore, I include this model with the negative binomial model.	3
However, imposing somewhat stronger assumptions on the nature of the link function, coefficients of the nonlinear model can be estimated using poisson pseudo-maximum likelihood (ppml).	3
Shelton and Foland (2009) forecasted scientific paper publications in leading nations based on a model that connected publication shares of the Web of Science (WoS) to R&D investment shares in the OECD group of nations (Shelton 2008).	3
Lacasse (2011) RANKING DISCIPLINARY JOURNALS WITH THE GOOGLE SCHOLAR H-INDEX: A NEW TOOL FOR CONSTRUCTING CASES FOR TENURE, PROMOTION, AND OTHER PROFESSIONAL DECISIONS, Journal of Social Work Education, 47:3, 579-596	0
2 It is important to remark, nonetheless, that in many cases, an additional work is needed because a correct identification of authors is not fully automatic due to differences and bugs in signatures and affiliations.	0
We would like to thank two anonymous referees for their helpful suggestions.	0
The paper “Multi-objective decision-making for road design" (Brauers et al.	4
In this study, we adopt a systematic approach to analyze the career histories of over 20,000 junior scientists supported by the Chinese Young Scientists Fund.	1
At the level of individual disciplines (details not shown in the table), some variability can be observed.	0
Definitions for several key terms we derive from the Frascati Manual (OECD 2015).	0
From 2023 to 2024, 24,121 articles were published, with 205 involving collaboration from Mexico (0.8%), a significant increase (P < 0.001).	4
Citation distribution charts of two types of journals from the JCR database	0
Peer review plays an essential role in scientific research, but the influence of reviewers' academic status is often overlooked during this process.	1
But the Journal Impact Factor (IF), as the San Francisco Declaration on Research Assessment (DORA 2012) recalls, was originally created by Thomson Reuters as “a tool to help librarians identify journals to purchase, not as a measure of the scientific quality of research in an article"; besides, “data used to calculate the Journal IFs are neither transparent nor openly available to the public”.	4
We present a data-driven evaluation of the financial ramifications of gold OAP and provide evidence that gold OAP in mega-journals is biased toward Western industrialized countries.	1
Approximately how much and what type of material is currently in your institutional repository?	0
The first conclusion drawn was that a journal is valuable irrespective of the type or size of institution evaluating the journal.	4
We analyze two decades of English-language peer-reviewed publication data indexed as “Criminology” under the Australian and New Zealand Standard Research Classification (ANZSRC) Fields of Research (FoR) (Australian Bureau of Statistics 2020), downloaded using the dimensions.ai application programming interface (API).	2
We relied on the Russian Index of Science Citation (RISC), a database which includes more than 18,000 Russian journals.	2
The present citation analysis is carried out to investigate the characteristics of the contents and references of cardio-thoracic journals, one American and one European, compared to a general medical journal.	1
While the mean and individual values of alternative metrics differ between the two platforms, the median and geometric mean are similar.	4
Although medicine has contributed the greatest volume of articles (2,921) to the corpus of work (4,619), physiotherapy and nursing have contributed proportionately, by percentage, the most research-based content (95.5% and 88.5%, respectively).	4
Data about Papers published in top journals related to the BT, Engineering is collected from ISI Web of Science (WoS) [34], an online academic service provided by Thomson Reuters.	2
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:318550 []	0
For both meetings, we conduct a series of data processing (e.g., gathering, screening, coding and validating) for all conference papers in the years of this analysis, 30,270 document records (Table 1).	2
The results suggest that at this point LLMs cannot substitute human reviewers in the peer review process.	5
In order to further mitigate the selection bias resulting from knowledge gaps, we have selected five disciplines-communication, management, sociology, linguistics, and information science and library science (IS-LS)—that are directly relevant to people's lives and cognition.	2
We link Bourdieu's praxeological theory and valuography to empirically grasp disciplinary habitus manifesting in valuation practice at International Forest Policy Meetings.	3
This paper aims to investigate the Iranian researchers' output from 1991 through 2013.	1
Our study demonstrated a statistically different number of citations between articles with declarative, descriptive and titles in the form of a question, though the same median author number was observed for all three types of titles.	5
(r = 0.660), (r = 0.582) & (r = 0.498) respectively; while the lowest correlation recorded between JIF and H5 Value (r = 0.411).	4
Therefore, the aim of this study is to examine the diversity degree of individuals’ research contents at the micro-entity level.	1
This study proposed a unified classifier for the ranking of science journals of different indexed databases.	5
Spearman correlations were calculated between Twitter citation rates of journals and traditional bibliometric journal indicators (i.e., impact factor, Eigenfactor, article influence score, and immediacy index) on the journal level.	3
In this paper we attempt to identify the coverage of publication on SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) in different academic databases.	1
To accomplish this goal, I model university ratings as observations of an unobserved quality variable using a bespoke Bayesian hierarchical latent trait model and data from eight different university ranking systems— two national and six international.	1
Bibliometrix, a package of the R program, was used in all analyses (Aria & Cuccurullo, 2017).	3
A random forest model indicated that only ~1% of the variance in productivity could be accounted for by percentile ranking (Figure 1—figure supplement 1), suggesting that all of the effort currently spent in peer review has a minimal impact in stratifying meritorious applications relative to what would be expected from a random ranking.	4
The paper sets out to analyze and evaluate some software libraries of the Python community from three aspects, download of software library, citation of software library, and multiplexing of software library, to extract the more influential software library.	1
These files were then loaded into a proprietary, non-commercial home-grown 'publication parser' tool (Sutton 2013).	3
The resulting dataset included 2,454 publications starting from 1996 up to March 2020.	2
This selection criterion leave us with 103,246 authors with career durations-measured as the number of years between the first and the last paper-that span from 2 to 26 years (the length of our dataset).	2
This is also true for variables such as experience gained, which I do not discuss further in this work.	0
In this paper, we use a difference-in-differences setup to test "Planck's Principle" in the context of academic biomedical research, an enormous domain which has been the province of normal scientific change ever since the “central dogma" of molecular biology (Crick 1970) emerged as a unifying description of the information flow in biological systems.	3
Exploring the auxiliary network can provide further insights into the structural characteristics of the network and the representativeness of the MPs, as well as discover additional knowledge development trajectories.	5
We use nonparametric bootstrapping for variance estimation and generating confidence intervals (Efron, 1981).	3
Our effort identifies key contributors and publication output in surgery across Asian countries over the last three decades, evaluates its academic impact and provides an understanding of the surgical research landscape in Asia.	5
The pair of suspicious texts in the case, therefore, were: (1) the reference text: an appeal for reversal (4,079 words) dated 26th May 2009, and (2) the questioned text: a lawsuit (18,768 words) dated 18th September 2009.	2
Four well-known classification techniques were selected in our experiments, namely C4.5 (Quinlan, 2014), logistic regression (LGR) (Lemeshow & Hosmer, 1998), support vector machine (SVM) (Vapnik, 2013), and artificial neural network (ANN) (Rumelhart, Hinton, & Williams, 1986).	3
This study adds a competitive advantage for co-authored papers, which attract a greater number of citations in the short-term – the year in which they are published - than papers that are published by a single author.	5
Moreover, the ratio of papers published by elite universities to non-elite universities has decreased in SSCI while increased in CSSCI.	4
For each paper, height, span, area and slope were defined as shown in Fig.	3
Data were obtained from 379 active knowledge management and intellectual capital researchers who rated 25 journals on a 7-point scale.	2
How does the engagement by different categories of Mendeley user groups evolve over time, and does the evolution of user engagement vary across the disciplines of scholarly papers?	1
What are the publication and citation trends of MRI publications conducted in Arab countries?	1
(2014) text (i.e., assertions that were or were not supported by Freeman et al.)?	1
From this raw data several new variables were constructed for multivariate regression analysis.	3
Personal statements and reports were the most commonly cited corroborative evidence in the impact case studies.	4
Increased signal noisiness, lower submission costs and more published papers all reduce the average quality of published papers in the journal.	4
In the first case the investigator was committed to further development of the knowledge, since the owner of the company was a personal friend and many employees were his former masters and doctoral students.	4
We also use the Citation Impact, which is defined as the ratio of the number of citations to the number of publications during 1985-2016.	3
This study on the development of innovative and dynamic research environments in the time-period 2002–2015 identified those features that are persistent to such environments.	5
TABLE 1 Classification by year of the JCR IF value of each journal.	0
Theorem 1 The optimal allocation scheme for the selection process is the “proportional allocation” scheme b* = p in which the editor allocates journal’s wealth on each manuscript according to its probability of being selected as of high quality among competitors, independent of the values of o i units of reward to be gained.	4
The method of Characteristic Scores and Scales (CSS), previously developed for application at the macro- and meso-level, has been applied to individual author statistics.	1
Of course, this complicated calculation is not necessary because the simple definition (Equation 7) is sufficient.	0
The CCR is the median number of citations among the top 1% of articles in a journal divided by the median citations received by the other 99%.	3
Once fully implemented, ORCID can effectively address the issue of author name ambiguity, thereby enabling efficient researcher-centric retrieval of bibliometric data and thus facilitating the evaluation of research performance at the micro level of individual researchers.	5
Voluntary movement requires a molecular conversation between nerves and muscles.	1
We also determined the number of patents that cited the T100 articles, which were identified in the Scopus database.	2
PCA was performed with SAS software, version 9.2, using the PROC PRINCOMP procedure.	3
For each Lab Leader, we retrieved their articles published in 2003-2007 from the Institute for Scientific Information - Web of Science (ISI-WoS) database.	2
Knowledge domains containing fewer than five journals were excluded from the analytical data.	2
The characteristics of the journals in which they publish and from which they cite (i.e.	1
It contains all the papers published by the APS from 1893 to 2009.	2
Kan Tian and Lixin Yang were leading authors, Renmin University of China was the primary institution, and Beijing was the predominant region studying Chinese health law (CHL).	4
The same properties are found here as in the previous case, although the data are completely different.	0
To extract the number as well as the name of the faculty members, we used the Iranian Scientometrics Information Database, which is developed by the Deputy of Research and Technology of Ministry of Health and Medical Education of Iran.	2
Despite the lack of correlation, a combination of the citation count and the AAS can give a more comprehensive assessment of research impact.	5
In the context of bibliometric indicators, the results suggest that the range of available measures should be applied together to create more comprehensive profiles of journal and article rankings rather than the concentrated, singular focus on IF scores that happens in many jurisdictions currently.	5
2, E and F), supporting our conclusion that these quantities lack predictability.	4
Thirty-one retraction notices were identified, fifteen of which were in JCR-indexed journals.	2
We found that although the articles with the top 10% #Cit, i.e., the articles with high citations, have similar ranks with ASP, the remaining 90% articles differ significantly.	4
The control group comprises all pairs of researchers who never shared the same building during the 10-year period between 2005 and 2015.	3
Note: There is a general increase in the citations for all the nine selected journals.	0
The analysis is based on visual representation of bivariate comparisons, as well as logistic regression models on the outcome of the review process.	3
As the main purpose of this study was to evaluate research papers in the journal, we have considered only Article and Review type papers for further analysis, which were obtained by limiting the search query to Article and Review type records only.	2
The contributions provided by different countries/territories were estimated by focusing on the location of the affiliation of at least one author of the top articles.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
There were 1,636 top papers from the WoS Core Collection.	2
Among all fiber crops, cotton returns the highest number of records in three citation systems Google Scholar, Scopus, and Web of Science (WOS).	5
Broadus defined bibliometrics study as the process of the quantitative study of published materials which include articles, reports, and case studies.	3
(2) What are the opportunities and challenges of engaging with these invitations in the context of interdisciplinary research?	1
Data on mean IF showed that the overall mean IF of all GCC countries has remained largely unchanged except Oman.	4
In Figure 1 the data of the two years are shown together; in Table 1 the data of the two years were treated independently and the results were then added together.	0
RQ1: Does a basic search in three popular search engines return relevant results for the query 'gezondheidsnieuws' (Eng.	1
How does such a comparison vary between the two across different quality journals and conferences?	1
We identified administrators and researchers across six research institutes, conducted telephone interviews with consenting participants, and used qualitative description and inductive content analysis to derive themes.	3
The research output data is collected through an institution based search using the search strings of the form: CU=INDIA AND OG= (ALIGARH MUSLIM UNIVERSITY OR ALIGARH MUSLIM UNIV OR ALIGARH UNIV) Time span=1990-2014 Indexes=SCI-EXPANDED, SSCI, A&HCI.	2
At the start of our time window, COVID-19 preprints received abstract views at a rate over 18 times that of non-COVID-19 preprints (Fig 5A) (time-adjusted negative binomial regression; rate ratio = 18.2, z = 125.0, p < 0.001) and downloads at a rate of almost 30 times (Fig 5B) (rate ratio = 27.1, z = 124.2, p < 0.001).	4
It is also apparent that the largest fraction of points above the straight line, indicating a large h index for a given Np, correspond to G2 and G3.	0
Here, we argue for new metrics centered on transparency to help curb this form of self-promotion that, if left unchecked, can have a negative impact on the scientific workforce, the way that we publish new knowledge, and ultimately the course of scientific advance.	1
But what of the late bloomers that do not enjoy this – occasionally startling – success?	0
The main problem with hierarchical and divisive clustering is that each journal has to be uniquely attributed to a single class.	5
The most frequent variants are then clustered by using fuzzy matching techniques provided by the Dataiku platform (Dataiku, 2023).	3
To predict article citations using the reference count, we conducted single univariate regressions for each journal with a Type I error threshold of 0.05.	3
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
We quantified collaborations of 30 Chilean-based focal animal behavioralists with peers from developed countries based on co-authorships within 664 animal behavior papers.	2
Therefore, the primary aim of this article is to perform a bibliometric analysis of sport entrepreneurship in the Web of Science Core Collection??.	1
Supplemental data for this article can be accessed on the publisher's website.	0
Social Science Citation Index was selected as the source and in the search box, Iran was typed as the address.	2
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 66(11):2340–2356, 2015	0
It discovers topics that cannot be recognized by simple fusion.	5
As Table 2 demonstrates, the p-Value for all variable pairs is less than 0.05, which indicates that the relation between these variables is significant.	4
On average, 66% of all forestry publications during the period involved only national collaborations, while 26% involved international collaborations (with or without concurrent national collaborations).	4
The vectors of each logical section were formed from each scientific paper.	3
In order to comprehensively cover the entire process of diffusion, we added the citations of the paper that has cited the algorithms directly to our data set.	2
Therefore, we investigated the number/share of publications in the top 10 percentile of cited articles worldwide (cf.	3
CH: Switzerland; DE: Germany; NL: the Netherlands; UK: United Kingdom; US: the United States.	0
We conducted an analysis of impact factors from Journal Citation Reports between 2000 and 2010.	2
Research in cancer and metallic nanostructures is strongly dominated by the United States, followed by China and South Korea.	4
This paper aims to assess the trends of published articles and citations in the diabetes field as the proxy of these countries' research activities during the past 23-year period and review the collaborative researches between regions' country.	1
Lucene v3.5 is employed to create indexes for the retrieval field of citation context and cited reference.	3
Here the choice of using the submitting date (or Received Date) derives from the need for a reasonable time analysis resolution and because - according to Mallig (2010) – this date is much closer to the period in which the work was actually performed than the publication date.	3
Our experimental findings affirm that the proposed classification methodology is both precise and efficient in classifying papers into research domains.	4
Using NVivo coding software, all reviewer and editor comments were analyzed comment by comment using open coding (Strauss and Corbin 1998).	3
The design of the weighted features model is based on two parameters: the weight assigned to each feature according to its relevance for information retrieval from archival websites, and the archival website's degree of compliance with that feature.	3
This study is supported by the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) “Appel à Projets Nouveaux (APN)” program, and by the French Research Ministry “Action Concertée Incitative (ACI)” Program.	0
Statistical interaction was assessed for all gender-covariate combinations.	3
The first indicator, fractional scientific strength (FSS) (Abramo and D'Angelo 2014), is an indicator of efficiency that measures the research productivity of the subjects evaluated, accounting for both quantity and impact of production.	3
Subsequently in section4, we report experiment results on different query topics as well as evaluations.	0
The comparison of the British economic and scientific growth rates showed that the economic growth rate is slightly lower than the scientific growth rate.	4
The purpose of the study was to analyze the determinants of citations such as publication year, article type, article topic, article selected for a press release, number of articles previously published by the corresponding author, and publication language in a Spanish journal of public health.	1
It signifies the h-index for the year y, if the researcher had stopped publishing in the year s.	3
However, other fields, like Social Sciences (6.07%), Technology (2.68%), Physical Sciences (1.95%), and Arts and Humanities (1.08%), also played an important role in research on COVID-19.	4
In addition, the number of citing documents are also obtained for some authors from the Web of Science citation index provided by Thomson Reuters.	2
Only these 32 subfields were extracted from 174 subfields due to their relation to medical disciplines in hospitals; Delta = difficulty (the easiest to gain higher scores is #1 and the harder is #32).	0
This study surveyed the use of institutional repositories (IRs) for searching information resources, self-archiving and preservation of research publications of academics in five Nigerian universities.	1
These “best-fit” lines are not represented on the graphs for the sake of clarity.	0
(4) “citing sources are weighed in proportion to their own cites” (influence chains).	3
There is a marked trend of collaborative work, since 93% of publications were collaborative at institutional, national or international level, with a higher percentage of international collaboration.	4
In this article, we investigate whether text mining methods, such as Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) topic models (Blei et al., 2003), could represent a valid alternative for historians interested in identifying interdisciplinary practices directly from the textual content of dissertation abstracts.	1
1 Box plots comparing the two sets in Psychiatry (four or more articles)	0
As for students' application of citation styles (e.g.	4
The institutions represented in Figure 4 correspond to 3.3% of the 1,318 institutions identified in the research corpus.	0
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
Our findings show that mobility has a positive impact on research-career capital, but multiple moves delay academic promotion.	4
Distribution of publications based on the research topic category: PV (right) and SC (left).	0
Participants in the study were Spanish-speaking sciences and social sciences researchers, recruited with convenience sampling methods carried out on social media (Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn).	2
Certainly, the Bucharest University of Economic Studies dominates in this regard, with a significant number of 583 articles.	4
This could lead to wasted time and financial resources for unsuspecting trainees.	5
This kind of multilevel analytical framework and analysis process can give an integrated pattern of international scientific collaboration.	5
The most common keywords are adaptation, genetic diversity, and conservation.	4
An emerging original finding is represented by the relevance of the interconnection among innovation in curriculum design, learning and teaching strategy, and topics and skills to be included in a programme of study.	5
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Network analysis of organisations revealed the University of Bristol, UK as the main publisher of original research articles.	4
The aims of this study were to evaluate the incidence and extent of duplication of material in a sample of manuscripts submitted to the AJR using CrossCheck and detailed manual review; to develop an algorithm based on the extent of duplication, content areas involved, presence or absence of referencing, and review of the submission letter that could be used to detect major plagiarism; and to formulate appropriate management pathways for use once probable plagiarism has been identified.	1
It covered publications and citations output data of 15 CSIR laboratories which was utilised for comparison of performance.	2
Thus, unless the nature of the publish or perish concept is dismantled, research and publication will remain a power game rather than a solution to societal problems.	5
Ideally, authorship practice in a medical school, such as the Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo, and in a large university hospital, such as the Oslo University Hospital should follow generally accepted international guidelines.	0
Bornmann and Williams (2017) discuss this in terms of two competing hypotheses: the "sacred spark" theory and the "accumulative advantage" theory (both discussed in Allison & Stewart, 1974).	3
We have developed a formal theory for the division of influence among scholarly manuscripts that follows from the mathematical theory of games to social power.	5
This paper uses qualitative data to analyze researchers' attitudes toward and experiences with academic profiles on SNS.	1
As part of the dataset, research articles are categorised into SDGs as per the Elsevier SDG mapping initiative (Bedard-Vallee et al., 2023).	2
Metrics on outputs from the Web of Science and from the Google Scholar databases, augmented by a survey data on factors explaining the productivity and impact performances of these faculty members, are used to assess their academic research efficiency and to perform an empirical investigation of the determinants of researchers' efficiency, using the two-stage Bootstrap DEA approach.	2
However, the indices have been adapted to the notation used within this paper and to address some shortcomings of the real number versions of the indices.	0
This paper addresses one set of impediments to achieving an honest and effective publishing system: the information asymmetries and conflicts of interest that incentivize scientists to deceive journals about aspects of their research.	1
To test both indicators, this study focussed on the most productive scholars in communication during a specific time period (2017–2020), ranking their annual research contribution and testing it against standard productivity measures (i.e.	4
To have sufficient statistics, we consider only those subject categories consisting of more than 100 journals.	2
This short and intense life and the subsequent aging process have always fascinated information scientists and bibliometricians, as far back as the seminal article by Gross and Gross in 1927.	0
Therefore, the aim of this work was to analyze the Cuban scientific output in scholarly journals indexed in thirteen major international scientific databases and indexes, three open access databases, two Cuban digital libraries of scholarly journals and 200 Cuban journals.	1
To fill this research gap, this study explored the effect of the young returnee scientists on the international collaboration of their peers, which allowed us to better understand the mechanism of the peer effect of the returnee scientists.	1
Specifically, the present study assessed the association of these indicators with factors representing aspects of the origin and development of the scientific tradition of publication in western modern science and the structure of the scholarly publishing business.	1
A closer examination of the bursting topics reveals the evolution of main themes of IS research, starting from the mid-1990 when “EDI” and “systems reengineering" were the main research focus.	4
The Pearson values in Tables 4 and 6 are included as descriptive statistics.	0
In this paper, the international collaboration of Brazilian scientists was studied using SciVal? and Incites? database, looking at its effect on the universities, financing agencies and different areas of knowledge and research topic clusters.	1
Reviewers’ feeling of safety in expressing their opinions was rated most important, while politeness and professionalism of communication among reviewers was rated least important (n = 159).	4
funding significantly increases the research productivity of awardees compared to that of nominees, especially those published in journals with higher reputations (see Appendix 6, the grades of journals and conferences in the CCF List are very stable).	5
Nevertheless, these data confirm that altmetrics has the potential to measure other types of influences that go far beyond academia, since it can be assumed that most of them are from occupations and society in general not linked to academia.	5
It is only when we look at academic writing as a situated – and gendered - social practice that the vastly different results in productivity studies start to make sense and we can start deriving more theoretically consistent explanations for both the seeming persistence of the gender gap and the wide contextual variations.	5
Publications made by overseas Chinese and returnees relative to total output of China.	0
Further research on these proposed strategies and on communication practices from the point of view of authors and peer reviewers is warranted.	5
In our study, we focused on the conferences studied in [13]: International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE), European Conference on Software Maintenance and Reengineering (CSMR), International Conference on Program Comprehension (ICPC), International Conference on Generative Programming and Component Engineering (GPCE), International Conference on Software Maintenance (ICSM), and Working Conference on Reverse Engineering (WCRE).	2
A total of 1279 new MeSH terms were selected.	2
The study sample was comprised of 267 pediatric dentists: 4% were lecturers/instructors, 44% were assistant professors, 30% were associate professors, and 22% were professors.	2
Q3: Are articles coauthored by only academic researchers cited earlier than those authored by academics and practitioners or by only practitioners?	1
Most ECRs profess to having a publishing strategy, but this strategy boils down to publishing as many articles as they can in high IF journals because that is what enhances their reputation and increases the probability of them obtaining tenure.	4
The methodology adopted here does not assume that mere citation counts allow one to establish a strict, linearly ordered system of excellence.	3
The rate of articles submission, acceptance, and rejection in the JKSU-Science.	0
(3) The geographic distance is significantly small: actual communities tend to be located near each other.	5
In a scientific world with increasing calls for interdisciplinary work, competence perceptions have important potential impacts on effective collaboration across disciplines.	5
Analysis via multiple indicators including CNCI and the SIGAPS category, which allows for a comparison of the papers' citation impact in different research fields, found a positive relation between research funding status and the citation impact of clinical research papers.	5
We used the Digital Object Identifier (DOI), or the PubMed-ID for identifying papers, since a DOI (or another unique identifier) is needed for the retrieval of bibliometric information from Altmetric.com.	2
We begin testing for bias in total ratings with respect to applicant internal/external status in Model (1): Yijl = μ + β0ωi + Ai + Bj + Sl + ASil + eijl	3
From this part of study, it is concluded that Internet technology is having a strong impact on the usage of journals.	5
We find statistically significant increases in the citation count for papers that are available as working papers for all four specifications.	4
Sixty-three initiated the survey, and 44 completed the survey, yielding a participation rate of 9%.	2
The selected seven STEM LIS journals proved to be a good representation of practitioner research with 840 research articles (85.6 percent) written by at least one practitioner, 99 research articles (10.1 percent) written by at least one LIS faculty member, and 38 research articles (3.8 percent) written by at least one student.	4
For Dataset_1, the coefficient was 0.4312, which was better than that of Dataset_2 (0.3750; Table 5).	4
Determine the trends in the growth of open access publishing in Africa.	1
We limited our focus to disciplines within the medical and health sciences, natural sciences, and agricultural sciences, where journal publication is the primary form of scholarly communication (Materials and Methods).	2
The analysis results revealed that Li J has the highest number of publications on shale gas whereas Loucks RG is the most cited author.	4
Degree centrality measures the links to which the node is connected.	3
The analysis is based on the 2008–2012 scientific output indexed in the Web of Science, by all professors on staff at Italian universities.	2
Such a picture would test our assumptions and might force a rethink of what we believe happens in the research base.	0
This finding indicates that the market power of gold and hybrid journals is significantly greater than that of closed-access journals.	4
In the next step, the websites of the selected journals were examined.	3
To solve the above equation system, we implement parallel Jacobi iterations on sparse data-structures, resulting in a steady-state solution for the ASP computation, see Golub & Loan (2013) and Srivastava et al.	3
In discussing the state support of scientific journals, it is necessary to formulate the main objectives in the first place.	5
The institutional review board (IRB) of the NIH Office of Human Subjects Research Protections provided an IRB exemption for this study.	0
VOSviewer software version 1.6.20, developed by Leiden University in the Netherlands, was utilized to generate network maps.	3
The authors take into account five categories of benefits for fundamental research infrastructures (the variable A is more relevant for applied research and is neglected) and they also consider five groups of costs.	2
Publishing papers and books for profit, without any genuine concern for content, but with the pretence of applying authentic academic procedures of critical scrutiny, brings about a worrying erosion of trust in scientific publishing.	5
Of these methods, 2D3 has improved RS and has been widely used.	3
The scaling exponent for the power-law relationship for single-authored papers was 0.85 ± 0.11.	4
Year of citation (age) was noted to look at the currency of the information used by the faculty.	3
The decay is also becoming faster over the years, signaling that nowadays papers are forgotten more quickly.	4
The criteria that Robertson employed might be separated into two kinds: one was general, applicable (and presumably applied) to every submitted paper; the other was specific to the subject matter of Robertson's expertise.	4
A retrospective cohort study of graduates of general surgery residency was conducted over 2 decades.	2
In this work, we shall remove a link, when its weight diminishes below a certain value.	3
Only the publications with at least three references in the WoS have been included.	2
The correlations found are surprisingly low, but this is consistent with studies in other disciplines, notably medicine (Jacob and Lefgren 2011).	4
The remaining 25 journals were scored based on a set of 41 yes/no questions (score 1/0) and divided into four groups (editorial policy, research ethics, research integrity, manuscript preparation) by three authors independently (max score = 41).	2
Australia has established itself as a research leader in the global field of ORL-HNS, publishing more articles per surgeon than any other country between 2008 and 2018.	5
In total, 5535 abstracts were accepted for presentation at the meetings.	2
At the individual level, we measure the average yearly productivity, termed the fractional scientific strength (FSS), as follows4:	3
Overall, our results suggest that academic librarians with faculty status and tenure-track positions are publishing the most regularly in high-impact peer-reviewed journals than other academic librarians.	5
This study is a diasynchronous obsolescence study of a number of healthcare topics as yearly synchronous analyses have been conducted on a dataset consisting of publications from 2012 to 2016.	3
The data on 77 manuscripts with 278 invited reviewers (109 Ra and 169 Re) were extracted using ScholarOne Reports at the JSE MC site.	2
This study compiled 68 Elsevier journals with the number of manuscript submissions and review period.	2
For all cases, we observe that the points representing researchers form similar patterns, namely, those on the right-hand side of the charts.	4
2010) and is an example of a goal displacement (Colwell et al.	5
The results show that the improved main path uncovers the knowledge trajectories appropriately, which has an ability to distinguish citations and detect important papers.	4
We also wish the best of luck to the new Editor, Andras Komáromy, in leading VO to new heights.	0
The authors have no competing interests to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
One of the most interesting findings is that IPC categories that are close to one another in the patent map are not necessarily in the same hierarchical IPC branch.	5
(i) There exists an infinite chain Rk0 ≤ Rk1 ≤ Rk2 ≤ · · · ≤ Rkk ≤ Rkk+1 ≤ · · · of rectangular sequences in X∞ such that for every x ∈ X, the value f(x) coincides with the largest integer k for which Rkk ≤ x.	4
The simultaneous existence of a high average degree and a moderately high clustering shows that the cancer research networks in India are not overly hierarchical in topology.	5
For reasons of legibility, we added a root “ed_” to the names of these blogs:	0
We also conduct an anonymous survey of all reviewers to understand their experience and opinions.	3
Data were collected in December 2013 using the search by country strategy (CU), limited to the subject category Evolutionary Biology (WC), the period from 2000 to 2012 (PY), article as document type and limited to SCI.	2
We decided also to investigate the impact of the mention of a required use of notation in the journal guidelines on the quantity of articles using the notation.	1
(2009), Free Statistics Software, Office for Research Development and Education, v.	0
Additionally, co-occurrence analysis, which assesses the relationship between identified keywords based on the number of publications, is an effective method for exploring future trends and hotspots in research areas of interest.	3
We have analyzed the effect of free and reduced-fee online access to the environmental science literature via the OARE initiative on scientific productivity in Bolivia, Ecuador, Kenya, Nigeria and Peru.	5
From the point of view of cited references, self-citing references tend to be more often multiply mentioned than non-self-citing references.	5
This is the most recent and comprehensive in their publication series on the global burden of disease.	0
From our set of features, which terms serve as the strongest determiners of each discipline (either through their increased or decreased relative frequency in comparison to all other disciplines combined)?	1
The aim of my study is not to provide a literature review on counting methods, which would probably mainly encompass theoretical and methodological arguments.	1
We also report the results of recent studies in the bibliometric literature showing how the scientific impact of journals as evaluated by bibliometrics is a very complicated matter and it is completely unrealistic to try to capture it by any single indicator, such as the IF or any other.	4
It is also the synergies between ideas that stimulate research productivity and progress.	5
Funding: The work of John loannidis is supported by an unrestricted gift by Sue and Bob O'Donnell.	0
Polish ‘internationals' (defined as academics involved in international collaboration in research) publish on average considerably more across major academic fields.	4
Each article was evaluated for several characteristics including AAS, number of citations, journal title, impact factor of journal, year of publication, authorship, country, type of document, disease entity, and imaging technique.	3
For keyword Frequency analysis, the author supplied keywords were standardized and sorted by their number of occurrences.	3
average citation counts (JIF2, JIF5, and IPP) and between two “prestige” metrics (AIS and SJR).	4
HKU saw an overall growth of 64% in the total number of publications between 2006 and 2016, rising from 2563 to 4208 respectively.	4
In this article, we utilize reliable statistical data for article page views that are available for online published articles in Scientific Reports and particularly we collect articles that were published after January 1, 2012.	2
As can be seen by the figure there has been a steady increase in both OA journals and articles in Scopus over this period.	0
1, under the optimistic mode, over 45 % of the total 1,323,261 publications in 2014 were published in first-quartile journals.	4
We are solely responsible for the content and errors in the paper.	0
Top-cited articles published in nonspecialty journals were more frequently cited than those in OBGYN journals (median [interquartile range], 1738 [1490-2077] citations vs 666 [580-843] citations, respectively; P < .001) and were more likely to be randomized trials (25.0% vs 2.2%, respectively; difference, 22.8%; 95% CI, 13.5%-32.2%; P < .001).	4
Here, we studied coauthorship networks of sociologists in Italy, using temporal and multi-level quantitative analysis.	1
Specifically, translation-based methods such as TransE (Bordes et al., 2013), TransH (Wang et al., 2014), and TransR (Lin et al., 2015) have attracted great interest.	3
Four citation metrics (h-index, g-index, age-weighted citation rate, and per author age-weighted citation rate) were examined.	3
The COVID-19 dataset was based on the inclusion of articles containing at least one of the following phrases,“COVID-19,” “2019-ncov, "sars-cov-2,” and “novel coronavirus," in the title, abstract, and key words fields during this time frame, while the non-COVID-19 articles data set for the same time frame was based on the exclusion of these terms.	2
The investigation results show that Web of Science and Scopus view an article's arXiv version and publisher version as two distinct and independent articles.	4
moderate-teaching demands), research output was positively associated with time allocated to research, grant money, travel funding and conference attendance, while negatively associated with amount of consulting hours.	4
This study investigated the publishing patterns of information science academics in Kenya.	1
Here, we study readers' choice in a context in which scholar's attention is drawn to salient attributes of academic papers such as importance or accessibility.	1
We found statistically significant associations between citation sentiment and methodological quality (X2: 44.39, df=NA, p=0.0005).	4
The results of the analyses proved to be robust with respect to the choice of the unit of observation (corresponding authors, first authors or all authors in the byline).	5
There is an upward trend in match rate as the CDL-WVA score increases.	4
How to cite this article: Sharma K, Rani M, Sharma L.	0
Qualitative parameters such as the total number of citations, cites per paper and h-index (Hirsch 2005) are used to measure the influence of the journal.	3
Downloaded by University of South Australia At 21:34 19 March 2018 (PT)	0
3The results are robust to applying different cutoffs to the topics' relative frequencies.	0
To accomplish our objective, we propose a hybrid DCA that is based upon both the content of the documents and their co-citation association.	1
In physics, there are no references in Nobel lecture PDFs of Hugh David Politzer (2004) and Willard S.	0
The third contribution of the study is that it takes a dynamic perspective to examine how the impacts of network closure and brokerage on journals' structural influence evolve over time.	5
Therefore, any conclusion on incremental collaboration with increasing number of nodes is neither trivial nor straightforward.	0
The category “country of residence” was used to identify respondents from the GS and GN and to analyse their responses accordingly.	3
In order to investigate the transition possibility and pace of the scientific knowledge role, we employ an interpretable machine learning approach to predict whether newfound knowledge grows into domain knowledge and how long it takes.	3
Total downloads of Societies Without Borders content by type of organizational user as defined by Internet Protocol address (see Appendix C for examples).	0
The findings indicate that certain aspects of research integrity need elaboration among Chinese biomedical researchers.	4
This tension along the axis of institutional vs individual interests and priorities was evident throughout the research process, from the literature review onwards.	5
Frascati classification divides science in six major scientific fields and 42 subfields, so it is more convenient for achieving the objectives of this research.	3
In this paper, we presented an empirical study to explore the relationship between scientific impact and quality in the reporting of research.	5
Secondly, independently of the year of publication and the length of the citation window, the effect of such differences represents about 13% of total citation inequality.	4
However, the fields of Social Sciences, Arts and Humanities are heterogeneous.	4
We find that solo authors and small teams much more often build on older, less popular ideas (Fig.	4
In this cross-sectional bibliometric analysis of the top 5 most cited general medicine journals, the New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) published more neurology articles than other journals.	4
The results show that the United States is in a better position than other countries, improving the role of the university in their IS while China proves to be a great ally of the United States regarding the production of technology to produce lignocellulosic ethanol.	4
The data were collected through the 2013 EU SILC ad-hoc module on subjective wellbeing.	2
The Duke University Chemistry Department consists of approximately 25 faculty, 30 postdoctoral fellows, 100 graduate students, and more than 1,000 undergraduates in general and organic chemistry courses each semester.	0
We investigated to what extent student proficiency in English and the scientific capabilities of academic advisors predict that success.	1
The study revealed that there was a steady increase in the research output from 2013 to 2015, as shown in Figure 1.	4
Additionally, when considering the evaluation of journals based on the 74 criteria, there is doubt about the consistent and meticulous examination of these criteria for each journal under review by Cabells (Cabells, 2019; da Silva et al., 2023; Dony et al., 2020; Mo et al., 2023).	4
We used the analysis tool in the WOS to record the basic information such as distributions in different medical departments, publication titles, authors, countries and journals.	3
*A version of this paper was presented at the 1979 meetings of the Southern Sociological Society.	0
Received 20 March 2023; Received in revised form 1 February 2024; Accepted 14 February 2024	0
BASE achieved the greatest success, by locating copies deposited in IR, while GS found those deposited in disciplinary repositories.	4
As a case study, we have examined the Flemish university system, the Dutch speaking part of Belgium, and developed expectations on the chances of promotion for mobile and foreign researchers compared to non-mobile and nationals.	1
Using standard OLS-regression with robust standard errors we find that articles with a high number of references are cited more frequently than articles with fewer references, that articles written by authors from more than one country are more cited than articles written by authors from one country only, and that short-titled articles tend to be more cited than articles with longer titles.	4
To construct a collaboration network for a comparison-case, we assembled publication data on wetlands science in Washington state over the same period, from 1996 to 2015.	2
The objectives of this study were to evaluate the relationship between authorship networking as well as socioeconomic factors with scientific productivity across Latin-America (LATAM).	1
The study also confirms the importance of idea champions in the university environment: individuals who started developing and applying bibliometrics in their field, sometimes besides their major research area.	5
International collaboration in research and open access to publications, two of their main characteristics, can contribute decisively in obtaining more rapid and effective results.	5
Here, we analysed publications involving authors from the ERA and LAC published between 2003 and 2013 to study bi-regional research collaboration at the interface between biodiversity and climate change.	1
The recent improvement in supply-demand mismatch for academic jobs is promising for future HN fellows interested in academia.	5
From the reported scores, it can be seen that 98% (377,533) of authors achieve an s-index of 5 or less, 1.9% (7561) achieve a score between 6 and 10, and only 0.1% (522) exceed 10.	4
Figure 2 shows the evolution of the research productivity in the field of density functional electronic structure by using the citations obtained from the most important computational packages, specialized mostly on periodic systems.	4
To test this hypothesis, we conducted a correlation analysis.	3
We can also find that the number of references published in 2002 has grown dramatically.	4
Additionally, the VOSviewer software [5] was employed to generate the collaboration and word co-occurrence network.	3
Downloaded from nejm.org at DUKE MEDICAL CENTER LIBRARY on November 15, 2015.	0
Data indicating the growth of the research field the institute is in, were obtained from the Web of Science.	2
1 Relationship between the variable CJIF+1 and the number of articles used to compute the JIF.	0
1 Institute of Mathematics, Physics and Mechanics, Jadranska 19, 1000 Ljubljana, Slovenia	0
Results show that awards considerably change the rankings and scores of top universities, especially those that receive a large number of awards and those that receive few or no awards.	4
Starting with date of entry into the program, the median time to grant submission was 19 months (IQR 11 to 27 months) and time to funding was 33 months (IQR 27 to 39 months).	4
This study examines the experiences and motivations of language and linguistics academics who have published in potential predatory journals (PPJs).	1
(2009), Evaluating the Productivity of Researchers and their Communities: the RP-Index and the CP-Index, International Journal of Computer Science and Applications, 6 (2), pp 104–118."	0
We found zero correlation between the number of co-authors and citations.	4
I was disappointed that P & C found it impractical to attempt to describe more fully the different areas of psychology they had considered, or to differentiate between the different areas.	0
Interestingly, a randomised trial on OA publishing analysed the effects of free access on article downloads and citations [39].	4
Therefore, only manuscripts deposited by December 31st, 2020, totalling 78,412 manuscripts, were included in the final analysis, excluding the most recent 3 years of all the available data.	2
Several WEIG variations have been considered with respect to journal quality indicators like Impact Factor (IF), Article Influence Score (AIS), and Average Journal Impact Factor Percentile (IF%).	3
(2000) on enterprise resource planning (ERP) has attracted the highest citation.	4
The correlation matrix (Appendix A1) and an exploratory factor analysis (Appendix A2) show strong correlations among the satisfaction variables.	3
In addition, the main themes in the body of shared references were examined through grouping techniques to identify the common themes between the two literatures.	3
The number of article mentions was normalized relative to the days since publication to account for time-based increases in mentions.	3
Data comprising 9,408 articles and their reference lists were downloaded from the Scopus database.	2
Ordinarily, SRMR should have a value close to 0.1 (Henseler et al., 2014).	0
The results show that residency choices affect critical aspects of the physician-scientist career path, including where graduates work, how long it takes them to obtain an independent appointment in academia, and the amount of their professional time that is devoted to research.	4
3 Decision tree (CRT) of normalised position by funding acknowledgements, funding sector and international collaboration (unweighted samples, WoS 2008–2013)	0
Of the 1182 papers, almost all listed authors of 1143 (96.8%) paper mill retractions came from Chinese institutions and 909 (76.9%) listed a hospital as a primary affiliation.	4
From 2009 to 2013, a total of 1127 papers published in academic journals in China were evaluated in terms of an assessment framework of 5 first-class indexes and 24 second-class indexes.	2
Visualization maps were created with analysis of country co-authorship and author keyword co-occurrence.	3
The results show that while there is significant correlation between the quality of a journal and the number of top papers published in that journal, the correlation is far away from being perfect.	4
(ii) Philosophers focus on networks in two research contexts and in two different ways: in the debate on causality and scientific explanation, they consider the results of network science; in social epistemology, they employ network science as a formal tool.	4
The mention most typically occurs in the reference list of document B.	0
This study aimed at exploring this research niche and to identify the main topical issues currently underway, such as the most disaster risk management techniques and prevalent geographical locations using scientometrics techniques.	1
To calculate the similarity score among each pair, we first extracted the text from text files, after that we performed pre-processing to remove the stop words and converted the words into their base form with stemming.	3
Universities were selected for inclusion in GRBS by examining research output in the 4-year window 2008–2011 at two levels.	3
The authors conclude that the monographs crisis is indeed affecting citation patterns in the field of communication.	5
The main aim of our analysis was to determine how science policy has driven the internationalization of journals in the SSH in Poland.	1
Recipients had a median career total of 21 (8-76 [0–254]) publications and 302 (44-1320 [0–8167]) citations, with an h-index of 8 (3–22 [0–54]).	4
For this study, journal use data were collected from three sources: vendor COUNTER-compliant SFTAR data, link-resolver click-through statistics, and local citation counts as reported by Web of Science.	2
(2014) that the presence of colleagues in the same field, actively collaborating with companies, is the most important driver for an academic to similarly engage.	4
The 3-year publication window (2009–2011) was used to capture recent collaborative patterns and identify the current top collaborative authors.	2
Various software tools are available for conducting bibliometric studies, and for this particular study, the VOSviewer tool has been utilized to create the science mapping (Purwayadi, 2020; Van Eck & Waltman, 2010).	3
This limitation should be taken into account when interpreting a term map.	0
A decomposed theory of planned behaviour (TPB) is used as the conceptual framework to investigate a sample of 1,588 researchers from the major universities in Norway.	2
The top five authors were Hancock, James F.; Rowland, Lisa J.; Ehlenfeldt, Mark K.; Lyrene, Paul M.; and Strik, Bernadine C.	4
By accounting for the clustering effect between journals in the regression model, R2 remained 0.12, but the model did not reach statistical significance (P = 0.09) (Fig.	4
Considering the importance of sports medicine in the prevention, control and treatment of many diseases, as well as the growth of the elderly population, it is necessary to develop research in this area.	5
The network of collaboration between countries shows the central position of the USA.	4
A thematic analysis has been performed by using a longitudinal mapping of co-word analysis suggested by Cobo et al.	3
Scopus (Elsevier, Amsterdam, Netherlands) maintains a citation database including greater than 34,000 journals from over 5000 publishers.	2
To compare posting rates of COVID-19 preprints against publication rates of articles published in scientific journals (Fig 1B), we extracted a dataset of COVID-19 journal articles from Dimensions (https://www.dimensions.ai), via the Dimensions Analytics API service.	2
One of the most striking features of the list is the strong bias toward recently published articles (Fig 1).	5
There was not one single-authored paper retracted in Science during the 35-year period we studied.	4
The research output through collaborative research among West African countries is minimal as compared to foreign collaboration.	5
This study describes the evolution of the international hyperlink network.	1
In decreasing order of filing, the companies are RCA, IBM, Bell Telephone, ITT, GE, General Precision, Sperry Rand, Eastman Kodak, EMI, General Dynamics, and Westinghouse.	4
The outcomes have ensured that “Noun” has more existence than the other three PoS, i.e., verb, adjective, adverb.	5
The setting was the Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF).	2
As the main conclusion, there is no generalizable gold OA citation advantage at journal level.	4
As a result, the degree centrality algorithm in Neo4j is used to calculate the influence of nodes in the graph.	3
Writing - original draft: Isabel Basson, Marc-André Simard, Zoé Aubierge Ouangré.	0
Annual research productivity showed a significant increase after 2005.	4
One is publishing under anonymous authorship-associated with the historical context of scholarly communication and the practices that persist and, therefore, are related to intentional action.	5
Bibliometric analysis addresses key sections focused on articles and patent applications, authors and inventors, relevant areas of interest, institutions and countries.	3
A PubMed search was performed to identify peer-reviewed TKA literature listed from May 2016 to May 2022.	2
In this paper, we want to find out whether gender bias will affect the success and whether there are some common laws driving the success in show business.	1
RQ1: To what degree have the rates of convergence — i.e.	1
By using the Discogs [26, 27] and LastFM [28] platforms, we constructed a database of 379,366 musicians released 31,841,981 songs in the genres of electronic, rock, pop, funk, folk, jazz, hip-hop, and classical music.	2
Patent data on the solar cell technology that were granted from 2008 to 2012 is collected from the four patent offices: Unites States (US), Europe (EP), Korea (KR), and Japan (JP).	2
The search query returned 309 research articles published by authors from 17 different Arab countries.	4
7) with 10,000 bootstrap resamples using the R package lavaan (Rosseel, 2012).	3
We used the compound annual growth rate (CAGR) to characterize change in publication quantity over time.	3
Hence, our study aims to investigate the associations between student demographics and research productivity among UK medical students.	1
Comparison of current results with the results from the original work of Harzing et al.	4
Between 2000 and 2018, China's share of global science rose from 5.0 to 20.7% (NSB, 2020, Figure 5A-3).	4
The overall detection rate for successfully uploaded assignments varied by website (Fig.	4
Only 20% of the extracted peer-reviewed obesity research publications were cited in more than one policy document (Table 6).	4
The NI (or normalized impact) which compares the average scientific impact of the institution with the world average impact (taken as 1).	3
The authors assessed career and research outcome data from a cohort of participants in the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Clinical Research Training Program (CRTP).	1
Another insight is the excellent promise shown by the new IITs at Ropar-Rupnagar and Indore.	4
Keywords: bibliometrics | biomarkers | early detection of cancer | mouth neoplasms | saliva	0
Bibliometric analysis was used to explore the dynamic trends of publications and to identify most influential authors, institutions, countries and research teams in this journal.	3
They compared the detected products with theoretical modeling results and conclude that hexa-carbonyl Sg(CO)6 was the most likely structural formula.	3
Subsequently, the results were limited to the article and review document types and the chronological period 2010–2019.	2
To test this hypothesis, the statistical analysis software Stata10 was used to run a Pearson's correlation test on the 62 country observations (including Canada).	3
The methodology proposed has non-negligible implications for interdisciplinary research to the extent that it may be helpful for researchers in searching for a suitable journal for their results.	5
For this hypothetical example the calculations are performed as in Table 3.	0
On the other hand, the direction change is not correlated with the productivity change.	5
The purpose of this paper was to examine the presence of scholarly book publishers on Twitter, and tweets about books in 10 SSH disciplines (2014–2018).	1
By quantifying the mathematical prestige of each department with a network statistic, authority centrality, we find an approximately linear relationship between the log of the prestige of one's Ph.D.	3
The research institution being analyzed had purchased 3,400 line items in 2012 that cost more than $10 million and of those 3,400 line items, there are 1,510 items that represent journals with all the global metrics we are using for evaluation.	2
The main objective of this work is to analyze how books are evaluated at the level of publishers, book series and/or individual titles in Europe.	1
The present study was a retrospective quantitative literature review of the publications by South Korean emergency physicians from 1996 to 2011 in the category of “emergency medicine” in the science edition of Journal Citation Reports 2011.	2
In one of our experiments, for the years 1946–2008, we choose a smoothing of 5.	0
On the other hand, the g-index aims to correct for the limitations of the h-index.	3
The dominant cited journals by EJMSTE are International Journal of Science Education (739 times), Journal of Research in Science Teaching (690 times), and EJMSTE (529 times).	4
Using a bibliometric analysis, this study has traced global trends in land-use research from 1992 to 2016, as indexed in the Science Citation Index EXPANDED (SCI-EXPANDED) and the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI).	1
We take LIS as the exemplary discipline to demonstrate the ways to examine the diachronical characteristics of LIS— particularly from demographic, geographic, and disciplinary aspects.	1
We represent the dataset as a binary bipartite network, in which nodes are of two kinds: nations and scientific domains.	3
Honorary authorship is one form of authorship abuse, when one is listed as an author, though (s)he does not fulfil the criteria of authorship.	4
Our conclusion from this analysis is that there is more meaningful variability in research climate scores within than between facilities in the VA research service.	4
We also describe several types of evidence regarding the validity of our measures.	0
Accordingly, this project extends past work, aiming at providing a complex explanation of (1) how the Matilda effect works on the level of productivity, (2) how different measurements of research impact and usage are influenced by potential Matilda effects, and (3) how geographical locations might intensify gender imbalances in research production, usage and citations.	1
We use a logistic regression to examine the probability of a journal to be covered by WoS given universalistic criteria (editorial standards and scientific impact of the journal) and particularistic criteria (country, language, and discipline of the journal).	3
The key problem in organizing and structuring research is the lack of an effective system for research behaviour formalization.	4
This manuscript presents a bibliometric study aiming to characterize the trends in the adoption of alphabetically ordered lists of authors in scholarly publications for 27 scientific fields.	1
The time frame of data sets is divided into two periods: before 2011 (i.e., T1) and after 2011 (i.e., T2).	2
In the case of the evaluation of OA policies, the use of a single tool would give a distorted image of the actual situation, further exacerbated by a smaller evaluated population.	5
Open Access theses have high rates of visibility (visits and downloads) and also get a small rate of citation.	5
Among those with online institutional access, 72% found it easy to obtain access to required literature.	4
The SCImago Journal & Country Rank and Web of Science (WOS) databases were used to collect information about the journals.	2
The authors wish to thank The University Library of Ghent for the help in consulting all the Data Bases; and to Professor Jesús A.	0
This was a case study of 13 potential, possible, or probable predatory scholarly open-access publishers conducted between January and February 2017.	2
We used causal steps regression, an approach commonly recommended for investigating moderation effects (Baron & Kenny, 1986).	3
We used the Web of Science (2021) core collection database for extracting the articles related to Cloud Computing (in short, CC).	2
Objective: To explore alternative bibliometric markers to the well-established journal impact factor.	1
We conducted analyses and between- and within-group comparisons across each academic rank, namely assistant, associate, and full professor.	3
These results show that the main use of PubPeer is to report fraudulent studies—more than two thirds of the comments.	4
The Mann-Whitney test is essentially a test of whether the overall distribution of values for the two periods is statistically the same.	3
There were 14 articles and 1,473 in-text citations in total.	2
Thus, eight out of the 30 journals have been selected as database for our analysis: Journal of Higher Education, Higher Education, Research in Higher Education, Studies in Higher Education, European Journal of Higher Education, Journal of Studies in Higher Education, Higher Education Quarterly, Review of Higher Education.	2
We extend the results in Lissoni et al.	1
For each member of the National Academy of Sciences in one of twenty-one Primary Sections we attempted to extract all affiliated ScopusIDs.	2
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 57(11):1470-1486, 2006	0
This analysis examined the role of a National Institutes of Health (NIH) individual Mentored Career Development Award (K01, K08, K23) on launching and sustaining independent research careers for early-career scientists and investigated the effects of these awards during and after the doubling of the NIH budget.	1
1 61 LIS journals are indexed in JCR Social Science in 2008 (APPENDIX 1)	0
Keywords Scientific collaboration · Bibliometric · Hong Kong · Mainland China	0
The research questions for the study are: (a) Does the relationship between CBP and international collaboration patterns show scale invariant properties with a > 1.0?	1
Although being among the last core natural sciences to embrace preprints, chemistry is poised for success in this evolution.	5
To identify typical patterns from various types of citation curves, we apply a time series clustering technique.	3
78 journals in the Thompson Reuter's Journal Citation Reports 2013 Science Edition that are published in the area of obstetrics and gynecology were initially considered for analysis.	2
An academic preoccupation with publishing research findings in internationally renowned journals in no small part attributed to the UK's precursor to REF, the RAE, and the measurement of academic performance by output – is difficult for academics to shake and seems to fog the distinction between excellence in research and the impact(s) of this excellence.	4
To detect cheating, we inspected short-answer responses for plagiarism and we deployed a "honey pot” (akin to those used in computer security [Provos 2004]) to measure how many participants surfed the web during each task, in violation of the instructions.	3
To investigate the patterns of scientific collaboration, we first ranked the 607 U.S. institutions with the total citation counts of all their publications to classify them into the top-cited tier and the general-cited tier.	3
In total, 7517 questionnaires were distributed, and 1099 were effectively returned.	2
Class 2, with a size of 24%, also has one outstanding responsibility, viz.	4
2a indicates the dominance of the "traditional" structural description of the "world's languages," including the "language history" context.	4
In this table, we consider only countries with a population between one-half and two times the one of France, and with a GDP per capita between one-half and two times France.	0
In 2010 Academic Journals had 10 journals indexed in Scopus.	4
Thus, it was the purpose of the current study to determine centrality among the scholars in communication to examine which individuals are most central in relation to others in the discipline.	1
The goal of this paper is to describe a newly developed measure of the degree to which a basic science publication is “translational”, defined as the extent to which it is used by downstream clinical research, relative to its use by basic research.	1
1), followed by two major challenges that continue to deter the use of multiple disciplinary approaches.	1
The second largest was the UK (1215 articles).	4
2 show, there is an increase in the size of the teams producing these publications as we approach the present.	4
The search was performed on Maj 2013 in the PubMed database (National Library of Medicine, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, MD, USA-http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/PubMed) and referred to the period from 1970 to 2011.	2
In conclusion, the societal influence gap of international OA journals between China and the United States is huge, and the societal influence of Chinese OA journals is significantly lower than that of the United States.	4
KAKEN is an open database and is the biggest funding database in Japan because it manages all the information of the largest public fund for academic researchers.	2
ISSN 1019-3316, Herald of the Russian Academy of Sciences, 2016, Vol.	0
It offers an analysis of the Polish academic research evaluation system and investigates its effects on the scholarly productivity of artists-academics.	1
To gather information on researchers' usage habits in respect to social media, an online survey consisting of 20 questions was designed and implemented using the online survey software LimeSurvey (https://www.limesurvey.org/).	2
The results show an association between librarian faculty status and tenure-track appointments and publication in a high-impact library science journal.	5
The most assigned classification tags are New Finding, Interesting Hypothesis, Technical Advance, and Novel Drug Target.	4
The initial data set obtained from the publishers records comprised 598 publications shown below in Table 1 which were at different stages of the reviewing process.	2
As in the field of Chemistry, German authors share a higher knowledge base with co-authors from abroad.	4
However, in this letter we develop a unique way to identify illegal DOIs in Scopus automatically by using the following three search queries.	1
This can be compared with the 54 subjects covered by The Global Ranking of Academic Subjects (GRAS) of Shanghai Ranking Consultancy (SRC), which were covered in these pages earlier12.	2
To find an answer on the question in this study, we applied inverse-probability of treatment weighting (IPW) which is a variant of the "propensity score matching" approach (an approach which has been introduced for measuring causal effects).	3
As indicated in Table 4, China generated the most scholarly articles, with 555 pieces (or 29.76%) of the total, accompanied by the United States (499 papers, or 26.76%), and Germany (122 articles, accounting for 6.54%).	4
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/355499549	0
Received August 23, 2016; revised October 31, 2016; accepted November 23, 2016.	0
The number of citations that a publication received as documented in WoS was used as an indicator of impact.	3
We use a database provided to us by the American Mathematical Society (AMS) that reports the number of papers published by every mathematician in the world, by field and year, since 1939.	2
Academics at Group of Eight universities tended to outperform academics affiliated with other networks by overall outputs and citations.	4
The main purpose of this research is to present a survey of publications by Iraqi-Kurdistan universities from the period 1970-2012 and to describe their impact in terms of citations in the Scopus database.	1
Five search terms—nanofiltration membrane, nanofiltration membranes, nanofiltration (NF) membrane, nanofiltration (NF) membranes, and Nanometer Filtration membrane—were used to locate publications that contained these words in their titles, abstracts, or keyword lists between 1988–2011.	2
In all networks, the giant component exists and covers a large part of the network, reaching an impressive 97.83% in the case of the countries' network; the giant component includes a substantial amount of the network's nodes?.	4
It might be a sobering thought that the queen of sciences herself, namely mathematics, is not free of some forms of corruption, but then history has shown with a relevant frequency that royalty does not always behave as required.	4
We show that despite the effectively random list placement, papers listed first each week are about 30% more likely to be viewed, downloaded, and subsequently cited.	4
Results indicated that the coefficient of endogeneity was a negative predictor of total citations (β = ?2.09, p < .01) and citations per year (β = ?2.24, p < .01); this result was confirmed using Stata's standard instrumental-variable Poisson estimator (which is not the appropriate estimator for this data given its reduced efficiency—however, the estimated coefficient of endogeneity variable when predicting citations with this estimator was –1.85, p = .05; for citations per year it was –1.77, p = .08).	4
Data sets were gathered from Harzing's P-OP and names of 20 researchers, many of whom are working in the operations management area, were replaced by their initials as codes.	2
We obtained all peer review performance scores for the six main types of manuscripts received by AJR as initial submissions (as opposed to revisions) over 5 years and categorized the manuscripts into four groups based on the peer review performance score (not the manuscript rating).	2
This study set out to "ENRICH" chemical analyses of human biological samples and ongoing toxicity testing by developing a prioritized list of neuroactive chemicals for biomonitoring and childhood-relevant neurotoxicity screening.	1
Table 2 Finnish research publications between 2012 and 2014 by fields	0
Economics Letters remains the most popular outlet followed by Energy Policy, which attracts several researchers that work in the frontier of economics.	4
Received April 14, 1993; revised October 4, 1993; accepted November 30, 1993.	0
Using Qualtrics WM, we built the survey from themes extracted in past interviews and focus groups [9].	2
The purpose of this paper is to investigate scholars' attitudes toward informal publishing and dissemination to provide a view of the challenges and advantages of using such channels.	1
For our critical mention analysis, we collected all tweets referenced in the Altmetric database using the Twitter application programming interface (API).	0
We aim to explore the presence of a gender productivity gap derived from differences in academic and non-academic characteristics between women and male scientists, and to what extent the academic characteristics contribute to close the gap.	1
One of the hotspots of the field having highest citation impact is to study how various parts of the brain communicate with one another, as the terms brain network, network, connectivity, effective connectivity are all coloured red.	4
The search criteria in WoS database were: address-SEE countries, year published— 2005-2010, publication type-articles and reviews.	2
Yet our analysis shows that for papers published in WoS indexed journals, on average the probability of being published in journals in Q1 (high impact journals) is far above 25 %.	5
The Netherlands was chosen as the ‘high-competition' country (with grant success rates of 20–30%), and Switzerland as representative of a relatively ‘low-competition' country (grant success rate 50–60%) (according to the Rathenau Institute and the Swiss Science Council respectively, personal communication).	2
Therefore, 1,500 titles from each discipline and period were extracted from the WoS according to their citation rankings.	2
The econometric analysis first of all shows that individual competences and preferences matter, as well as the incentives associated with career progress and the competitive funding system.	5
Overall, global distributions of outputs, authors and institutes show uneven patterns within a core-peripheral structure.	5
For each group, a linear regression was calculated in order to determine within a given journal whether the incidence of n-authored papers had changed over time.	3
Third, a certain "linear mindset" permeates the evaluators' outlook on technological development.	5
Data analysis using the publication descriptors from three highly regarded cross-disciplinary accounting research journals (AAAJ, AOS, CPA) suggest that cross-disciplinary accounting research is underpinned by conceptual 'integration' but less emphasis is placed on the 'interaction' between researchers of diverse disciplines.	2
Education and Pedagogical Sciences (hereafter referred to as Ed/Ped) comprised 13 programs of six universities over the evaluation period 2006–11.	2
Overall, the percentage of supported assertions was 47.67%, and the percentage of unsupported assertions was 26.01%.	4
The analyses of the effects of ‘Novoselov paper' on graphene R&D shows that it is a typical example of a 'charge' breakthrough, and that no paradigm shift is involved.	5
The findings also provide support for the moderating role of HRM practices.	5
The general idea is to measure the degree of connectedness of two items (e.g.	3
Findings: Iranian medical academic libraries often are under-visited and under-used because few libraries are sufficiently active and strategic in search engine optimization.	4
Table 4 The response rates of reputation surveys of eight subjects	0
To address these limitations, we sought to examine the changing nature of interdisciplinary work in fisheries science over time through a detailed and more tailored inspection of connections among and between researchers from different disciplines, using papers published from 1990 to 2018 by scientists at a governmental research organization in the United States focused on marine science.	1
News ranking subfactor inputs are highly correlated and subject to their own variability, what specific changes would be required for a university to become more highly ranked within the national university category?	1
The Associate Law Librarian and Head of the Research Services unit at the MacMillan Law Library and I handled outreach aimed specifically at Emory University's School of Law, and this article focuses on my part in the ORCID campaign at the School of Law.	3
Outcomes included American Board of Internal Medicine (ABIM) certification examination scores, mini clinical examination (mini-CEX) scores, and validated assessments of clinical performance by resident-peers, faculty and non-physicians.	2
To cite this article: Pedro Cosme Costa Vieira (2004) Statistical variability of top ranking economics journals impact, Applied Economics Letters, 11:15, 945-948, DOI: 10.1080/1350485042000282231	0
(b) assessment policy plays a vital role when Chinese ECRs decide where to publish;	4
On the fourth area, we find that the ratio of self-citations to total citations starts relatively high for most papers but appears to stabilize by 12–18 months, at which point highly cited papers revert to predominately external citations.	4
We extend this framework conceptually and empirically by conducting a highly selective comparative analysis of the reported behaviour of members of a global research field in CERN-based particle physics based upon four national governance contexts.	3
Scopus and Web of Science Core Collection accounted for 66.74 and 61.68%, respectively, of the output in foreign journals.	4
The NSRI is a cross-sectional study using a web-based anonymized questionnaire.	2
This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.	0
The publishing consortia found have research impact that tends to be substantially, and almost universally, above the world average for the fields and years in which they published.	5
Our findings suggest that not only are comment rates low for PLOS ONE articles but also those comments that are left are most likely to relate to procedural issues with the paper.	5
The data are publicly available and maintained in the Pampa system, hosted by Princeton University.	2
So, for instance, if one assumes innovation or novelty is tied to a degree of conceptual diversity, and assuming a measure of such diversity can be identified in the diversity of the sources on which a publication draws (see Wang et al., 2016), then: (1) more ‘diverse' publications are less frequently cited than more ‘intellectually compact' papers in the ten years or so following their appearance, but (2) are more highly cited on average than the compact papers in the longer term, (3) are disproportionately represented among the highly-cited papers in the longer term, and (4) are more highly cited (than the compact papers) by authors who are highly cited.	4
To what extent do Twitter users interact with scientific publications across fields?	1
We proposed an original framework to measure and evaluate the knowledge structures in river basin studies based on the system theory, complex network characteristics (Fortunato et al., 2018) and our previous findings on this field (Wu et al., 2021; Wei and Wu, 2022).	3
After data cleaning, the final dataset yielded 27,305 papers in NEJM, 42,733 papers in JAMA and 65,525 papers in Lancet, up to 2016.	2
On the whole, articles receive more citations with increases in repeat authorship.	4
In the two areas analysed, only area A seems to follow what is prescribed, with a large ‘Potentially not fundable’ region.	4
The framework consists of four steps: (1) Extract the topics from the dataset using the BERTopic model.	1
H3 Institutional research strengths do not predict proposal success rates.	4
We decided to use the relative index, RNIFn(j) = (Jn + 1 - POn(j))/Jn, where POn(j) is the position of the journal j in the JCR list and Jn is the total number of journals in the list for a given year n.	3
The study draws on Merton's (1973[1942]) idea of scientific ethos and Bourdieu's (2004) theoretical concept of a scientific field.	1
The primary source of information for the timing of prize-winning publications by natural sciences laureates is the database of Li et al. (2019).	2
Acknowledgements This research was supported by NSF SciSIP Collaborative Grants to Erin Leahey and Sondra Barringer (Award #s 1461989 and 1461846).	0
The models were experimentally simulated 1000 times for each of the 6875 sets of parameters.	2
The paper is structured as follows: First, we present the theoretical background.	0
The most-cited publications originated from 17 countries and were published in 65 journals, led by the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews.	4
In Section 4 we analyze institutional effects on research productivity and derive some conclusions concerning the training of junior scientists.	0
Papers with at least one author from a basic science department are significantly more likely to appear in high-impact journals than papers authored by those from clinical departments alone.	4
That last factor has been the focus of attention in recent years on the part of lobbies attempting to change journal publication policy.	0
The search was performed in PubMed and Web of Science and showed that as many as 59% of the manuscripts that were immediately rejected by NDT had a better fortune with other journals in which they were eventually published.	3
Using the Institute of Scientific Information (ISI) Web of Science Journal Citation Report [2], articles were attributed to anaesthetic journals if published in journals within the categories 'Anesthesiology', 'Critical Care Medicine' and 'Emergency Medicine', and non-anaesthetic journals if published in journals of all other ISI Web of Science categories.	2
Each publication was examined in Cabell's Journal Discovery Service for presence on the whitelist or blacklist, and crosschecked with the DOAJ's list of removed publications and the community-driven "Stop Predatory Journals” journal list (https://predatoryjournals.com).	3
Based on the state of research, we want to answer the following questions regarding the ERC StG: (1) Is there an effective self- or pre-selection process amongst potential applicants regarding the decision whether to apply, and do StG applicants show an above-average publication performance, respectively?	1
For citation impact, cited percentage and citations per paper (CPP) were computed for different category of papers.	3
The major product for student assessment was the development of conceptual models by each trainee specific to their individual research questions in relation to the overall project goals and datasets.	3
The AM’s critique of ‘traditional filters’ follows a motif of confinedness.	4
Consistently with previous studies, negative citations are very uncommon in the whole corpus: 0.29% (n=1904) on average citations per article.	4
More than 5,000 journals from the initial network of SJR journals were isolated from the study because they did not satisfy the condition of having direct citation, cocitation, and coupling together during the hard combination used in our method.	5
The t test was statistically significant, with females reporting 0.45 more conflict (X = 3.63, SD = 0.94) than male participants (x = 3.18, SD = 1.10), t(426.08) = 5.31, p < .001.	4
Acknowledgements This research was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant No.	0
Our findings show how these scientists interlinked experiences from various practices to construct the ERC's evaluations, in general, and the final-stage appointments at Brussels' Madou Plaza Tower, in particular, as apex-esque, crescendo-like status-bestowing events.	4
Note: PT= publication type, AU= author(s), DE= author keywords, PM=PubMed ID	0
This paper uses several methods to represent the bibliographic data [22, 36].	3
The study advocates for a more gender conscious citation practices and provides potential gender-based interventions to reduce the citation gap.	1
Documents published in Arab countries within the research category of “infectious diseases" were extracted and analyzed using the Web of Science database.	2
We built yearly bibliographic coupling networks, identified TCs and calculated the intimacy indices between TCs in successive years.	5
Country analysis revealed the North-European countries as leaders in environmental tobacco smoke research (when the normalized results were evaluated both quantitatively and qualitatively), whereas the United States ranked first only when assessing the total number of papers produced.	1
2012), this study takes the recent 10 years of earthquake research papers collected by Web of Science Core Collection (WOS) as the research object on the basis of bibliometrics theory and methods; analyzes the collaborative contribution networks of the international earthquake research field, research hotspots, and the development trend; and reveals the group distribution, contribution, and discipline evolution of cooperative research in seismology.	1
Combining data from a composite score incorporating multiple citation indicators with information on the highest degree, we examine the disciplinary origins of the 300 top-ranked scholars in gerontology.	1
To secure a clear differentiation conclusively the search term 'immigra*' was selected to perform a title search on biomedical categories of the WoS Core Collection without any chronological restriction.	2
It was marked as adaptive fuzzy tracking control by LLR.	4
As various faculty audiences listened to our proposal, we heard a few common concerns.	4
NHLBI-funded obesity publications were cited a median of 23 times (IQR 8-55, range 0-2,047, mean 52).	4
A loosely connected collaboration network focused on Louisiana wetlands underwent changes following two exogenous shocks.	5
First, the authors define female ratio as the independent variable with the formula:	3
These low correlations suggest that altmetrics operates independently of citations and thus can be used as an alternative measure of research impact.	5
A myriad of literature exists pertaining to the general need for scientific and technical information and to the specific needs of the less developed countries [1,2].	0
This paper chose the top 100 research corporations ranked by Nature Index as the research object, decoupled the academic social network of the top research corporations into academic network and social network and comprehensively analyzed the utilization of ASNs of corporation users from the two aspects: social performance and academic performance.	5
5 Vienna University Library, Department of Bibliometrics & Publication Strategies, University of Vienna, Boltzmanngasse 5, 1090 Vienna, Austria	0
To evaluate the influential variables, the adjusted Poisson regression model with robust variance using the adjusted prevalence ratio (APR) was employed.	3
Focusing on those factors that help to distinguish someone who does publish from someone who does not, the estimates for y that appear in Table 2 suggest that having a PhD, being a professor (rather than a lecturer) and being of non-Indian origin are the only variables that significantly increase the odds ratio associated with becoming an academic who does publish.	4
Our data were then categorized by “reasons for retractions”.	3
For visiting scholars, Table 5 shows all combinations of factors that lead to the three outcomes, with six combinations for each outcome, covering 32%, 27% and 42% of all cases respectively.	4
Through our compilation of possible entry points, we have illustrated what sort of empirical material is lacking in the discussions on research evaluation and suggested how this material could contribute to broadening our understanding of field-type research quality notions and research quality more generally.	5
Bibliometric variables were abstracted from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) iCite database, a database maintained by the NIH Office of Portfolio Analysis used to evaluate the impact over time of the scientific research it has supported.	2
For each model we determined that the probability of the forecasts available in a random scenario being higher than that given by the models is actually very low (lower than 0.01%).	4
Despite these declines, repeat authors also tend to garner more citations than debut authors.	4
ACS, American College of Surgeons; ACRM, American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine; IFATS, International Federation for Adipose Therapeutics and Science; NA, not applicable.	0
Publication numbers and IF were evaluated as absolute values and after standardization by population and gross domestic product (GDP).	3
Search strategy (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses), with reasons for exclusion and inclusion of articles added.	0
One way to solve the problem of clustering the nodes of the ACN into groups is to transform the citation digraph with the adjacency matrix into an undirected graph.	3
Availability of data and materials: The datasets used and/or analyzed during the current study are available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.	0
Following the conversion of data to JSON format, integration into MongoDB, a document database, was carried out.	3
The Enlightenment logic is like a baseline upon which NPM logic is added.	4
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Upon review, 20 of the 29 publishers (68.9%) were identified to be suspected of predatory practices on Beall's List.	4
Nicolaides Kypros H. was the pioneer in the field of preeclampsia in these two decades with the most frequencies of direct citation.	4
In general, interdisciplinary collaboration plays an increasingly important role in photocatalytic research.	5
We based our study on the boundary conditions utilized in previous research, adding new metrics while retaining several of the old.	3
RAE 2001 results to capture historical variation in research support and cultures.	3
However, despite their weak research capacity and strong dependency on international research collaborations, we find that in sub-Saharan Africa most medical research has been conducted on diseases that are relevant to the region.	5
A substantial fraction of recent laser-related doctoral dissertations have a direct lineage to the first generation of German laser researchers.	4
Following Dai and Singh (2020), we look for a separating equilibria in which the two types of editors (high and low ability) have externally different pathways leading to the eventual decision on a manuscript submitted to the journal.	3
The probability of a paper ever reaching (even for 1 y) the top 0.1% most cited in its field shrinks when it is published in the same year as many others.	4
A more detailed comparison between the AIF and the h,-index and an analysis of the practical differences will be the subject of a forthcoming article.	0
The institutions that serve as bridgers or facilitators to keep the network connected are PUC, UCH, UDEC, and USACH with betweenness centrality of 220, 186, 109, and 99 respectively.	4
For those reviewers with a less favorable prior attitude, the author should provide only the most important manuscript attributes.	4
The number of WoS papers of the Chinese LIS schools has increased from 10 in 2008 to 105 in 2017, with an average annual growth rate of 30%.	4
The infectious disease category predominated, with 2 clusters emerging: arbovirus infections (FWI) and HIV infection (DR).	4
Malaysia and Germany had the highest Relative Specialization Index, indicating their greater relative interest in this area compared to other countries.	4
The most influential cited references are related to set theory and machine learning which is consistent with the scope of the journal.	4
By utilizing existing international standards for Digital Object Identifiers (DOIs) (International Organization for Standardization 2020) and integrating them into well-established research work- flows, technician contributions to research can be accurately cap- tured.	3
The paper ends with a number of implications and concluding remarks.	0
The research questions of this paper are as follows: (1) Is there any correlation between IBPCA and IPPCA?	1
How do the average numbers of Mendeley readers for articles change over time?	1
The second is the United States and Canada	3
Initially, an online survey was used, to gain a baseline of academics' perceptions and levels of use of SNS; 528 responses to the survey were achieved.	2
Recently, Wagner and Alexander (2013) evaluated the research programs supported by the SGER sponsored by the National Science Foundation in the United States.	2
C. E. Cheng with a total of 81 distributed articles and 39.2 shared articles.	4
For the present study the level of collaboration is measured by the number of countries implicated in the publication of LA–C articles on management.	3
Mohammad Hanief Bhat is Senior Librarian at Islamia College of Science and Commerce, Srinagar, India.	0
This implies that the knowledge structure in the highly researched, large-scale river basins entered the “ageing” states (high inequality, low efficiency, and high resilience).	5
“Productivity” is generally defined as outputs/inputs, not merely outputs.	3
Focusing on one specific discipline in one particular period and language area—Anglophone philosophy between 1890 and 1979—we describe a procedure to create a mention index by identifying, extracting, and disambiguating mentions in academic publications.	1
To identify the clusters of the e-health topics, the Louvain clustering was performed with multilevel coarsening and multilevel refinement options.	3
The total number of citations relative to the number of years since publication of the article was used as the citation density.	3
As Table 2 shows, there are considerable inequalities in the contributions of different GS world regions.	0
Tweets were manually collected by searching the DOIs of the papers and notes in Altmetric.com through the “Altmetric It!” plugin.	2
Despite these problems, the published analysis clearly shows that there are large differences between different academic disciplines with respect to patterns of authorship and citation; the investigations evaluate such diverse fields as physics (Gupta, 1990), systematic botany (Delendick, 1990), medical libraries (Tsay, 1998), library and information science (Cronin & Overfelt, 1994), and Kurdish scholarship (Meho & Sonnenwald, 2000).	0
The data cover all documents related to the following search expression (Topic Search: “CORONAVIRUS OR COVID-19 OR SARS-COV-2 OR 2019-nCoV”) retrieved from Web of Science (from Clarivate Analytics).	2
What is it that makes a great partnership in legal scholarship?	0
We assess the statistical significance of the empirically observed patterns of reciprocated citations with the values observed under an ensemble of null network models obtained through the controlled randomization of the original networks’ topology (see Methods).	3
Note that network G here is undirected and we always have |aup| ≥ 2 since we only include papers with at least two authors in the collection.	0
The solution for this situation, we believe, lies in two distinct and complementary actions by scientists: rethinking the scientific process and its evaluation, avoiding Impatient Science and refocusing on quality and true knowledge gains, as well as changing the way venues for publication of scientific data are chosen by scientists.	3
A schematic representation of the proposed network is shown in Figure 1.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2012 999	0
Discoveries are classified into one of these three categories based on the description of the discovery in one of the following scientific publications, namely in entries within six encyclopaedias of science [54–59], or within Nobel Prize documentation [60] or the seven indicated science textbooks that describe the discoveries.	3
The Stata command bibrep.ado is introduced which automatically produces bibliometric reports for single researchers (senior researchers working in the natural or life sciences).	1
The research models show that the length of time researchers have been involved in the DEA field plays an influential role in bridging knowledge across borders.	5
(3) The third evaluation was based on Thomson Reuters Research fronts 2013, which reports the most talked about and researched scientific questions in ten different scientific fields.	2
First, we considered Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) to select the journals within hospitality and tourism field.	2
This study extends the work of Brogaard et al.	5
To reach this goal, the research has been developed in several stages (data collection, gender authors' identification, validation of authorities, contact by email and analysis of results) to identify 326 contributions and 697 authors finally.	2
Data absent at the beginning or end of the series were disregarded, however, because hypothetically they would not affect the time-series analysis.	0
Therefore, the aim of this Viewpoint is to briefly consider the key issues that concern the publishing of psychiatry research in open-access journals versus journals with traditional models.	1
The second data source is the EU's data warehouse eCORDA, which covers H2020 projects with a starting year in the period 2015–2019.	2
The 100 articles with the highest online attention, as measured by the 'Altmetric Attention Score' (AAS), were screened for journal title, quartile of impact factor distribution (Q1-Q4), publication date, origin and affiliation of first author, article topic, type and access.	2
The overall CCES budget provided by the ETH Board was CHF 45 million of which 30 million were spent during the first phase, and 15 million during the second.	4
BB68 is a seminal research paper in capital markets research leading to many citations over a period of fifty years.	5
Using social network analysis, and approaches novel to scientometrics such as grounded theory building, we map and analyse the relationships between authors of different disciplinary backgrounds, visualize these changing networks over time, and evaluate the nature of collaboration with a particular emphasis given to the integration of the social sciences.	3
Country specific data, including total population, gross domestic product (GDP) per capita, research and development (R&D) expenditure (% of GDP), number of reserchers (per million people), was abstracted from World Bank data.	2
Bibliometrics could provide an answer by applying quantitative analysis and statistics to describe trends of academic publications and their citation counts3.	3
In 2023, MDPI experienced a 25.4 percent decline in publications by Malaysian researchers, reflecting a shift in publication patterns due to these restrictions.	4
For at least two journals in which articles referenced in AHFS DI Essentials are genuinely more highly cited than average, there are several possible explanations.	5
Our study is of interest for the following major categories of users: University personnel responsible for research evaluation; University management and staff members engaged in the adjustment of existing plans and the formation of the perspective plans for research and teaching activity at the university; University personnel responsible for international policy and human resource management; Researchers involved in foresight where the assessment of the university's research potential is a part of foresight study.	1
The government and academic sectors mainly fund scientific research in MENA whereas the industry sector plays little or no role in terms of research funding.	4
All three journals tend to publish disproportionate number of Bioscience papers.	5
This apparent advantage of collaboration varies substantially by discipline and country and changes a little over time.	4
In the first part of this review, we reported upon the development of a precise definition of a minimum critical mass for academic research.	5
More specifically, the co-citation relations between articles (the relation between document A and document B whenever both are cited by a third document C) were used to analyze the distribution of symbolic capital embedded in the 18 journals (Gingras & Wallace, 2010).	3
Based on SCI and SCI databases, this paper made a quantitative analysis of the development trend of SVM in China from 2000 to 2018, and analyzed its characteristics in detail.	5
To create the list, 163 journal titles were assembled and then scored in April 2012 using PoP.	2
Our study aims to improve the currently used originality measuring methods by knowledge combination.	1
There are 16,273 categories, within which there are 12,677 articles for experimentation.	2
Totals in the tables do not necessarily add up to 100% because not all respondents answered every question.	0
Impact factors for journals were obtained from Journal Citation Reports? (Thomson Scientific).	2
Green OA (also known as self-archiving) is the practice of making a version of an article or book freely accessible online through an institutional or personal repository.	3
The expected number of depositions is calculated as the product of the trend by the monthly seasonality coefficients derived from the time series.	3
Analysis of variance (ANOVA) was conducted based on the idea of variation decomposition, to test whether the means of multiple populations are equal.	3
Understanding whether science advances through cumulative evolution or through paradigm shifts can influence how we approach scientific research, education and policy.	1
The acceptance of the representative method at the ISI resulted from a convergence of elements.	4
La Revue canadienne des sciences de l'information et de bibliothéconomie 35, no.	0
We tackle data from the Thomson Web of Science database (http://apps.	2
b) Professional meeting: earlier presentation of the research at a professional meeting.	0
We used Web of Science (WoS), an online subscription-based scientific citation indexing service maintained by Clarivate Analytics, to access these databases.	2
Articles were searched in the WoS databases before downloading the content for a bibliometric analysis using the VOSviewer software.	3
In any case, the three-year period studied here is rather short, as predatory publishing is a relatively recent and fairly dynamic phenomenon.	0
2015), we understand the evaluation of a research center, borrowing from Patton (1997, p.	3
We evaluate the effects of the total number of publications as well as the separate effects of publications in the “top-10” and “top-21" ranked journals.	3
Locating New Zealand's scientific history in the persons of those 'men of science', or the scientific infrastructures they established and led, inevitably creates exclusions; Margaret Rossiter calls this exclusion, specifically within the historiography and sociology of science, ‘the Matilda effect’—‘cases, historical and contemporary, of women scientists who have been ignored, denied credit or otherwise dropped from sight ...	5
A number of R statistics packages were used for the calculations, particularly topic models (Grün & Hornik, 2011), for fitting by LDA with Gibbs sampling, and the “tm” package (Feinerer, Hornik, & Meyer</PERSON>, 2008), for building terminological corpora.	3
However, our study shows a significant problem with lost citations, with an average rate of 14.6 percent of available citing references not accurately matched with the cited publication.	5
The examination of Chinese journals' publication productivity, scientific performance, and internationalization involved a comparative analysis with international journals.	3
The actual performance of business schools and scholars is discussed in detail in a companion paper (Tol 2010).	0
We observe different prototypical behaviours: countries with a central role in the ancient history whose centrality has decreased in the last centuries (for instance Italy, France and Greece), countries with a central role before the world wars (e.g.	4
This paper presents the research performance of the 39 Central Universities in India.	1
Specifically, our research questions concern: (1) To what extent do we see cross-boundary interactions between professionals and researchers in the urban water management community?	1
Both the impact factor and the immediacy index values of the journals that provide early view are higher than the others.	4
In conclusion, it is suggested that the authors of future journal ranking studies consider the findings reported in this paper to improve the rigour and wide acceptance of the generated journal ranking lists.	5
CONCLUSIONS: In the most thorough analysis of citation predictors in the neurosurgical literature, search engine, LOE, number of centers, number of authors, number of countries, journal impact factor, and month of publication influenced citations 5 years after publication.	5
Keywords are more prevalent later in the data set: the average publication year for articles with keywords was 2016, compared to 2012 for articles without keywords.	0
Last, 34.5% of our sample (192 out of a total of 556 articles) misused the recommendations of the BP article that they cited.	4
In order to solve the above-mentioned problem, we propose the following six-step methodology: Step 1: Selection of core publications within the domain Step 2: Bibliometric data acquisition and preparation	3
Similar to the 2006 study [8], the 80/20 rule was borne out in the frequency of journal title citations: 78.3% of references came from the top 20% of journals, representing 466 titles.	4
Received 26 December 2023; Accepted 26 December 2023; Published 29 December 2023	0
The majority of articles were published in radiology/imaging journals (n = 75), originated in the United States (n = 58), were original articles (n = 63), used MRI as imaging modality (n = 85), and dealt with imaging technique (n = 45).	4
Rather than a contested pattern of institutionalisation following problematic national demands, as described in many of the cases of the third mission [e.g.	5
This research examined a possible gender gap in personality and social psychology.	1
We focus here on a two-step protocol where the first step is based on IR queries on word relations, and the second step based on a network exploration on citation relations.	3
the user) and applies built-in logic to identify likely assessment content.	3
Scopus indexes 133 articles (111 original articles and 22 reviews) with Cuban authorship, of which 114 (85.7%) were published in 2020 and the remaining 19 (14.3%) in 2021.	2
The aim of the present study is to analyse the highly cited papers from India.	1
Based on our analysis of this study, we conclude that VR can be used successfully, having been implemented in six review sessions with up to 34 applications reviewed per session; SEP reviewers are more receptive to virtual review than SS reviewers; the VR process is a replicable and low-cost method of review; solving technical problems related to this new technology may improve its attractiveness and uniformly decrease the cost of the review process; and there are advantages to serving as a reviewer.	5
To select random samples of papers published up to 40 years ago, I selected astronomers and physicists listed in American Men and Women of Science (Henderson 2010).	2
We found that for every single database, the story of their origins can be traced back to research councils, ministries, and other governmental or administrative bodies that seek data for research monitoring, evaluation, or wish to allocate funding using bibliometric indicators.	4
2 Scientometrics Office, Iran University of Science and Technology, Tehran, Iran	0
The average number of objects in a repository was 10,952, and the median number of objects was 3,230.	4
Instead of using fractionalization, I included a collaboration variablein the analyses with a dual purpose: (1) to examine the effect of collaboration on excellence, and (2) as a control variable.	2
Funding: The work was supported by statutory funds of the Research Team on Intelligent Decision Support Systems, Department of Artificial Intelligence and Applied Mathematics, Faculty of Computer Science and Information Technology, West Pomeranian University of Technology in Szczecin (W.S.).	0
Results also showed that the interactions among researchers were structured not only by disciplinary homophily, but also by other forms of homophily related to location or region of work.	4
We used the Random ForestTM machine learning algorithm (Breiman 2001) as implemented by Liaw and Wiener (Liaw and Weiner 2002) to assess the relative importance of each of the indicators listed above for differentiating breakthroughs from our comparison group.	3
We then detect communities in the cociting network, where each major community represents a different research topic of the focal scientist.	3
His research interests focus on text mining, digital economy and corporate finance.	0
It is a good sign that psychological research during a time of crisis, when answers to many societal questions were direly needed, did not lower its standards even though the review system might have favoured speed over accuracy during this time.	5
The overall publication rate was 30.8% (48/156) and the median time to publication 27 months (IQR, 18–37).	4
Yet, when controlling for compounding factors such as research domain, publication year, journal visibility, research environment and culture, our findings provide suggestive evidence that working together helps encourage responsible behavior among researchers; i.e.	5
To this end, investigators contacted the identified journals to determine those within their editorial staff that should be included in the invitation (eg, deputy editor, assistant editor), requesting the names and contact information for all editors that were actively managing manuscripts.	2
YX and XL: study design, data analysis, and interpretation, writing manuscript and coordination of the entire study, LX, RZ, and XL: data collection and analysis, interpretation, and revision of the manuscript.	0
We present the primal form of the DEA model, as shown in Cooper, Seiford, and Zhu (2004, 10) below:	0
Leveraging a unique dataset, a Heckman selection model demonstrates that the scientific merit of proposed projects is the primary selection criterion.	3
During the study period, the three most studied topics ones were orthopedic trauma (n=536; 28.1%), adult reconstruction and arthroplasty (n=301; 15.8%) and spine surgery (n=203; 10.6%).	4
Despite this discrepancy there remain issues with the discoverability of some hybrid open access articles.	4
It can be seen that there is no correlation between PI and h-index .	4
The technological production of the passion fruit peel flour showed insignificant when compared to other fields of technological knowledge.	5
The share of documents falling within the MPs' coverage can serve as a quantitative measure to complement the qualitative assessment of MP representativeness.	1
Papers of Ukrainian authors constitute 71.9% in Ukrainian journals in the natural sciences.	4
As the list attests, most economics journal lists cover only a small fraction of outlets commonly sought by top health economics, hence underscoring the importance of the paper's contribution as well as the recent and important efforts of Wagstaff and Culyer.	5
We found that all participants favored more biological projects from the USA than China; in particular, expert biologists were more willing to grant further funding to Americans.	4
A total of 143,975 publications reflecting the global overall COVID-19 research output were retrieved.	4
Normalization corrects the simple OA share and makes possible comparisons within the same population (database).	5
In their shared metric, each individual is given 1/n credit for each article in which they are an author, where n is the number of authors on the article.	3
Additionally, the valuation of risk drives proposal evaluations and may reduce the chances that risky, but highly impactful science, is supported.	5
A second check is counting the number of articles with Greek mathematical letters.	3
When combined with the finding that a smaller standard of deviation in h-index correlates with citations in the 3-7 group, we conclude that smaller superstar groups may be likely to achieve comparable citations levels with large, highly networked collaborations.	5
The experimental results show that the CRF model achieves better results in both subjective/objective classification and positive/negative polarity classification compared to the SVM model.	5
We then build on the supermodularity theory (Milgrom & Roberts, 1995) to examine funding complementarity and substitutability in relation to publications' academic impact (citation count).	3
We next plan to collect and evaluate similar data from other countries as well.	5
We used CiteSpace (http://cluster.cis.drexel.edu/~cchen/ citespace/) to perform the cocitation and co-word analyses, and we developed a special-purpose computer program to perform topic modeling with HDP.	3
We chose to focus on this breakdown given that professional OA publishing funded by APCs has been most readily adopted in the health sciences.	0
The size-dependent variant produces the same country ranks as the original AC and the Q1JIF.	5
Department of Anaesthesiology, Kobe University School of Medicine, Kobe 650, Japan	0
We find either inverted-L or -U shapes (non-linearity) for the relations between these characteristics of references and citation impact of scientific publications, indicating the universality of “lucky points”, i.e., positions indicating phase transitions for each distribution.	5
On the other hand, we also found that the aging of plantation forests and their reduced carbon-stocking capacities appear inevitable in any scenario owing to the limited demand for timber.	4
Can we extend the current modeling framework to reproduce atypical citation patterns?	1
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial 4.0 License (CC BY-NC 4.0).	0
The dataset used in the final experiment mainly includes book circulation table, reader information table and the MARC table containing the book information.	2
The h-indices of these USA research organizations are about six times greater than those of their Indian counterparts.	4
Our study can give a historical perspective on the scientific progress of allergy, as well as provide important insights into priorities and trends of allergy and could serve as sources for future studies.	5
Despite this competition, however, we find no support for the rise of a new global center of science.	5
Our dependent variables characterise the social connectedness of Fraunhofer researchers from a bibliometric perspective.	3
The italic numbers in the ellipses and circles refer to the number of documents in the clusters.	0
In Spain, a researcher's performance, in agreement with the MMM, is measured in terms of the number of papers published in ranked journals, and the number of times an author is cited [46,47].	4
We present preliminary comparisons between the focal topics and geographic origin of submitting authors of papers submitted in the traditional (non-solicited) route versus solicited preprints.	1
In the present paper we propose to follow the fields of science over time by following which groups of papers are co-cited.	1
Specifically, we fit a logistic regression where the outcome is whether or not significant behavioral homophily is detected (H?) in a terminal field.	3
To study the determinants of journals' relevance and reputation as perceived by their readers we use survey data on the evaluations of 150 economics journals [a copy of our German questionnaire is available in Br?uninger et al.	2
Our goal is to find out if the use of year-based h-indices, including the notions of core gap and relative core gap, provides a simple way to see when and how frequently different molecular substances have been the centre of attention in medical research related to nervous system diseases.	1
By relaxing that constraint, a downward shift of the APCs can be expected so they would tend to get close to the current peak value (3066–3308 USD).	5
The reference list for each citing document was reviewed to establish whether the index article had actually been cited.	0
An exploratory factor analysis has been performed using SPSS version 21 in order to know more about the underlying structure, relationship among the variables and the dimension of variables (Table 8).	3
A research fellow included 600 consecutive original research articles electronically published by AJR, Radiology, and European Radiology (200 articles from each journal) beginning in January 2016.	2
In terms of time frame, the authors considered the period between 2013 and 2016.	2
At the other extreme, 56 articles were not cited even once, and 40 papers were quoted only once.	0
If the cost at which the referee can write a reviewer report is positive, but the peer review is not potentially informative, then a biased reviewer will not choose to become informed about the manuscript's quality.	4
This study seeks to address these questions related to material concerns around interdisciplinary research collaboration.	1
However, despite the high level of collaboration, publication productivity levels as compared to developed countries are relatively low.	4
Sixty-eight people completed the electronic questionnaire, a response rate of approximately 20% on the basis of the number of staff associated with a research centre and/or a current PhD student within the faculty.	2
Total output and longitudinal trends were identified through a multi-database unified record approach considering thirteen databases and indexes for foreign and national journals.	3
It is a size-independent metric that applies the Google algorithm (PageRank) to evaluate the "scientific influence or prestige" of an average article published in a journal by analyzing it over a 3-year citation window and by substantially restricting a journal's self-citation.	3
Editorial Decision date: November 20, 2020; online publish-ahead-of-print November 30, 2020.	0
The AAG's bibliographic records come from the official App and were extracted by a web scraping tool, “Octoparse (V.7.5.8)”, while the CCG's were taken from the electronic conference handbook and compiled manually.	2
What is particularly encouraging here is the fact that the top producers are responsible for a significantly smaller portion of the total publications reflected in the 10- year period of the study.	0
Has there been a change in the publication productivity of academics and researchers in universities and research institutions in South Africa between the two periods of study?	1
Third, we were able to show that these habitus formations are linked to distinct biographical constellations that partly originate from class structures.	5
In Phase C, the scholarly migratory patterns of NLs underwent a process of re-diversification, as mobility of NLs happened in countries beyond US and Europe became more significant.	4
We performed multiple linear regression on our dataset to analyse the use of Twitter as a high or a low predictor of citation count.	3
The average number of Scopus citations, Microsoft Academic citations and Mendeley readers were calculated for each journal and year.	3
Our main research questions are: Does the interdisciplinarity of scientific publications influence their potential for achieving technical impact?	1
This signifies the potential of all the novel parameters like In-Text Citation count, Figure count, and Table count.	5
To further bolster our identification, we now use an inverse probability score weighting to account for observed differences between pairs in the control and treatment groups.	3
In all subjects, unique words in article titles associate with lower citation counts (Table 1).	4
For this pilot study, we extracted all papers in two subfields of chemistry from the WoS Core Collection.	2
The low share could be due to the fact that coverage by databases is not very wide yet and would benefit from being improved.	0
By the end of 2022, the journal had published a total of 2564 papers including retracted articles, 431 of which were retracted as we discuss in more detail below.	4
Moreover, I note that the steepness of the regression function is significantly smaller than the gradient of the respective line for the eight highly cited physicists which is shown in Figure 2, where the data are displayed on a doubly logarithmic scale for easier distinction.	4
The majority of articles are published outside of pediatric surgical journals.	5
This finding proved that the prestige dimension does influence the interdisciplinary performance of papers in knowledge flow.	5
OA is not the problem, the publishing process is the problem.	5
All articles published in IJMHS since publication commenced were included (n = 158).	2
We held three focus groups, two with doctoral students and one with research experts.	2
From the linkage between Wikipedia pages and categories, we extracted a hierarchical knowledge network of each language edition.	3
The data for the study consists of publications in Information Science & Library Science journals listed in the Journal Citation Reports, 2015 edition.	2
The current analysis is focused on the journal Progress in Transplantation (PIT) and its bibliometric ratings from 2010 through 2015 in terms of JIF and journal relatedness.	1
Our results indicate that in order to more closely align current measurements with peer judgement, perhaps the future of chemistry impact evaluation should rely more heavily on perception, peer evaluation, and other qualitative peer judgements than on bibliometrics, in addition to those bibliometrics and altmetrics currently available.	5
Then, we use Gephi software, a social network visualization tool [30], to create keyword co-occurrence networks and collaboration networks for the Moroccan scholarly output about water research.	3
Note: The number of papers presented in the discussions in 1981 exceeds the total number in the sample for this year, because of incomplete coverage of papers in the Science Citation Index database.	0
1School of Physical and Health Education, Queen's University, Kingston, ON, Canada K7L 3N6; 2School of Human Kinetics, University of British Columbia, Vancouver, BC, Canada V6T 1Z1.	0
The research was carried out in nine countries around the world in which a total of 26 researchers participated.	2
Test values of 0.35 or more indicate high ratios of self-citation while test values below 0.2 suggest low ratios of self-citations.	4
We showed that the opinions of tens of thousands of people (if not more) could constitute a surprisingly accurate alternative for the opinions of experts.	5
At the aggregate level (overall) we have used the two-sample t test with unequal variances, to verify if the variation in gender (male vs.	3
Our findings suggest that repeated retraction is not a random event.	5
In this paper, we examine the retraction practices and prevalence in the journal Science.	1
We used the analysis tool in the Scopus database to record the basic information of articles, such as distributions in different medical departments, publication titles, authors, countries, and journals.	3
This study found substantial differences between top-cited OBGYN articles published in nonspecialty vs OBGYN journals.	5
We find that research from prestigious institutions spreads more quickly and completely than work of similar quality originating from less prestigious institutions.	4
The results suggest that the fraction of single-topic collaborators is positively correlated with focal scientists' productivity and negatively correlated with focal scientists' impact.	4
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2017	0
4Section 4 discusses a way to optimize the parameter selection for each model.	0
The aim of this research is to reveal academics' awareness, attitude, and use of open access.	1
In the end, we obtain a dataset of 153,545 international collaborative articles, which involves 114 countries/regions.	2
Bibliometric and co-word analyses are effective means of studying the dynamics of a discipline (Kanai et al.	3
Biological/life science authors (Residuals = 3.37, p =.007) and physical science authors (Residuals = 3.61, p = 0.003) were more likely to be involved in incomplete linkage articles and less likely involved in two-way linkage articles.	4
The regression models for scientific publications in various fields demonstrate substantial explanatory power, as indicated by their R-squared values.	4
Therefore our study just analyzes the publication of the other 22 UTD journals.	2
Publications within each category are given points (or credits).	2
This study aims to explore the generative AI academic research in the past decade using bibliometrics, text analysis, and social network analysis.	1
In this study, we developed a conceptual framework called the 'Institutional Research Evaluation Model" (IREM) to evaluate the quality of research and its determinants.	1
The results clearly show that the information shared by computer scientists on Twitter is different from that shared by the general Twitter population.	5
In the survey, participants were asked to upload their current curriculum vitaes (CVs).	2
What themes received the most attention, and do popular themes change with time?	1
The results show that Twitter-based social media communities have unique characteristics, which may affect social media usage counts either directly or indirectly.	4
Figure 1: The structure map of the collaboration network among authors on depression research.	0
The table shows quite clearly that not a single African country has attained the goal of spending at least 1% of GDP on R&D—a target that was agreed upon by all African countries in 2005 and which is repeatedly stated in most national science policy documents.	4
the measurement of fully ordered author papers; and 2.	3
To contribute to this topic, this paper addresses the following questions: 1.	1
The total number of citations at the time of data analysis was 21,109, with an average of 12.3 citations per each documents and median (interquartile range) of 4 (1–14).	4
Network metrics were calculating using the igraph package (Csardi and Nepusz 2006).	3
Articles in these journals published in the last 50 years were collected using the following search query: ISSN (<JOURNAL ISSN>) AND DOCTYPE (ar) AND PUBYEAR > 1970 AND PUBYEAR < 2021.	2
To explore the prevalence of misbehavior, respondents were asked whether they “have ever” engaged these practices and how many cases of researchers committing scientific misconduct they had direct evidence of.	3
To date (early Spring 2022), we have posted 68 preprints on several preprint servers including Authorea, bioRxiv, ChemRxiv, Preprints, Research Square and SSRN.	2
The altmetrics' effects were different in terms of their strength, importance, and directions, as expected from their differences in terms of audience, values, and popularity among different layers of society, and impact types.	5
The coders were instructed to revisit webpages which brought up a DNS server error because of the possibility of temporary server malfunction.	0
We applied the new set of search terms to the WoS 2010 corpus, resulting in 23,406 documents (among which 22,929 are articles, reviews, proceedings papers, notes, and letters).	2
The main goal of this article is to investigate the performance of different text mining methods for a specific task: the automatic identification of interdisciplinary works from a corpus of PhD dissertation abstracts.	1
On the other hand, male authors displayed a greater tendency to utilize theoretical approaches in four specific topics that are dominated by females.	4
The results show consistent scholarly output and citation rates during the years 2004-2008.	5
The journals considered in the survey were those in the Oncology subject category of the Journal Citation Reports released by Thomson Reuters (JCR, Science Edition 2010) [6].	2
Overall, this study has been extremely helpful toward the accomplishment of this goal.	5
We hypothesized that both characteristics of collaborations and attributes of co-authors would prove influential in article citation levels.	1
The basic analysis was done by the built-in SCOPUS tool, but for the extended information titles' analysis, we additionally used the Thomsons journal citation index (JCR), Source Normalised Impact per Paper (SNIP), and the SciMago journal rank (Elsevier n.d).	3
This main purpose of this paper is to investigate the causal relationship between knowledge (research output) and economic growth in US over 1981–2011.	1
Three distinct habitus formations can be identified, which we refer to as “self-fulfilling," "self-surpassing,” and “self-asserting.”	4
The purpose was to identify the types of resources used by researchers and determine if KU Libraries are currently providing access.	1
This section contains a brief review of the relevant literature in the areas of interdisciplinary interaction, citation analysis, topic models, word embedding, and mixed bibliometric methods.	0
Currently, research in this field is primarily concentrated in three key areas: pharmacogenetics, adjuvant substances, and advancements in pharmaceutical forms.	5
These data were obtained from the Slovenian National Current Research Information System.	2
co-occurrence and co-citation network) and a complex network approach utilizing C.	3
The NIH REPORT (Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools) database was queried for NIH grants awarded to departments of orthopaedic surgery in 2014.	2
Full professors (M=76.79, SD=36.60) had significantly more publications than Associate professors (M=36.43, SD=21.60, p <0.001) and also Assistant professors (M=22.66, SD=11.20, p <0.001).	4
The results obtained by the approach applied in the present study indicate the possibility of applying these methods to analyses of other journals, thereby providing preliminary knowledge on the impact characteristics of specific journals in the scientific community.	5
After this elimination, a total of 2388 results published in the period 1976–2021 indexed in one of the WoS CC indices was used for bibliometric analyses.	2
The authors declare no known conflicts of interest, whether personal, financial, academic or otherwise in the research presented.	0
When I first started my academic career, the phrase 'publish or perish' was the advice given to me by my colleagues, and so I started researching in areas that interested me.	0
In keeping with previous studies, only journals deemed primarily to be orthopaedic journals by all authors were included [11, 13].	2
Chemometrics, a science that relates measurements obtained in chemical systems or processes through the application of statistical and mathematical methods, an area created 50 years ago, still does not have a study evaluating the evolution of the area in qualitative and quantitative terms.	1
Disclosure: No external sources of funding were used to conduct this study.	0
We present data gathered from 12 interviews conducted with individuals who were members of interdisciplinary environmental science teams.	2
A quantitative research approach was used and a structured questionnaire was developed to meet the objectives of this study.	3
The analyses carried out also enabled mapping the scientific production on the themes of air transport and business models and showed substantial and steady growth in the number of publications over the past 5 years, due to the growing attention from various research centers.	5
If we genuinely want to know what the future of scholarly communications holds, instead of listening to vested interest groups, such as publishers and scholarly platform holders, we need to check with the new generation of researchers early career researchers (ECRs), who are going to be tomorrow's leading professors, influencers, and decision makers.	1
To examine the comparative changes in productivity and impact of the graduates over time, Table 1 was constructed.	0
To address the features of his research strategies, we investigate Sharpless' philosophy of click chemistry by using computational methods to measure the cognitive content and concepts of Sharpless' research and estimate the knowledge flow of his click chemistry to other fields.	1
Scopus was chosen in preference to the Web of Science for its greater coverage of the literature, with the latter essentially forming a subset of the former (Archambault et al.	2
A low prevalence of group authorships existed in Cochrane reviews.	5
The study also finds a disparity in citation counts between male- and female-authored articles.	4
Table 1 presents the densities of each of the thirteen networks at Baseline and Time 1, the number of new ties formed and the percentage of Time 1 ties they constitute, and the number of isolates at Baseline and Time 1.	0
The numbers of article citations were retrieved on the Web of Science Core Collection database (Clarivate Analytics).	2
It concluded funding has impact on usage and citation, and funded papers attract more usage, but varying in different disciplines.	4
We show that when the strength of informative signals about the manuscript quality is very weak and reviewer's confirmatory bias is sufficiently severe, there is a strong probability that he or she would erroneously identify the manuscript quality, making the editor less inclined to offer the potential reviewer any incentive to accept the invitation to review the manuscript.	4
This raises some questions: How the relatedness between knowledge element and others evolves with time?	1
In order to better understand the state, evolution, and impact of titling practices in the field of communication, we examine the prevalence of stylistic cues in journal article titles and whether such cues predict subsequent citations.	1
Results show that most of the users are young researchers, with a starting scientific career and mainly from disciplines related to information sciences and technologies.	4
Our corpora of research publications from these domains of the computing discipline consist of 152,510 papers across 216,337 authors covering 175 publication venues across 55 years.	2
Accounting for the policymaker's trade-off yields the opposite result to that advanced in Jorgensenn and Hanssen (2018).	4
For example, DaimlerChrysler headquarters are in Stuttgart, Germany, but their URL is www.daimlerchrysler.com.	0
We used four sets of publications for the evaluation of approaches to normalization of direct citations between publications.	2
For 10 of the journals (ESM, FLM, IJMEST, JRME, JMB, JMTE, MTL, MERJ, PRIMUS, and TMA), distributions of journal rankings were different (and resulted in higher mean ranks) among respondents who were affiliated with the journal.	4
Data of large-scale coauthorship networks were obtained from the ISI Web of Science (WOS hereafter) for five selective academic fields (biology, computer science, nanoscience, neuroscience, and physics) and from one interdisciplinary journal (Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, PNAS hereafter).	2
To assess temporal trends in citation accuracy, we also used a binomial GLM to model the relationship between the likelihood of a citation being appropriate and the year in which the article was published.	3
A literature search was performed in the Science Citation Index-Expanded (SCI-E) of the Thomson Reuters Web of Science from 2007 to 2015.	2
The journals that published the researchers' articles were partially correlated with the cited journals in the geosciences field, but this correlation was less obvious for biomedical journals.	5
The model comprises over 18 million PubMed documents from 1996-2019.	2
We analyze whether funding bodies are biased against diverse teams, which have often been linked to the production of transformative research.	1
Finally, deans and hiring committees are well advised to seek a diversity of research staff in terms of gender and complementary competencies rather than hiring paper-based rock stars only.	5
The Spanish co-word network is structured around a main component that can be divided into two clusters united by a central community around the term “Spain” (Fig.	4
This consequential insight serves to refute the Streetlight Effect hypothesis within the context of Post-Publication Peer Review (PPPR).	5
As the network density is low, lodging as a field is at a relatively early growth level and it is open for multidisciplinary collaborations.	4
Although 72% of the BKCI-indexed monographs in 2008 attracted at least one citation, only 30% had one or more review(s) in Amazon.com.	4
The purpose of this paper is to better understand why many researchers do not have a profile on social networking sites (SNS), and whether this is the result of conscious decisions.	1
However, we show that citations are incomplete assessments and that one cannot assume that a high number of citations corre- lates with a high level of usefulness.	4
The purpose of the present study was to determine the 100 most cited publications on whiplash injury and analyze their characteristics.	1
ResearchGate and Google Scholar were the most popular with 21 and 20 participants reporting using them respectively, while Baidu Academic was slightly lower at 16.	4
3At this date, not all issues with publication year 2009 may have been entered into the database.	0
Institute for Scientific Information, 132 High Street, Uxbridge, Middlesex UB8 1DP, England	0
Data were obtained from the Thomson Reuters Web of Science database.	2
We use a fixed-effects negative binomial model to analyze a dataset of 10194 publications, of which 2773 are in IDR journals, for 169 researchers in the eight NDCs.	2
We searched for all papers published by Chinese researchers in 41 journals in the database of Web of Science (WOS) between 2005 and 2017.	2
The data of the study are all publications of the year 2015 in the fields of computer science, medicine, and economics from the Web of Science database, including inclusive and citation counts for six fixed citation windows (Web of Science, 2021).	2
This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.	0
Our unique dataset includes 943 researchers (237 chairs and 706 non-chair peers) along with data about their scholarly output during a five-year period.	2
A custom script scraped all the relevant information from GS SERPs (Search Engine Results Pages) (Fig.	3
The current study explored how Nobel laureates, with the highest possible academic status in the world, engage in text borrowing.	1
The decision to sort citations by subject area of the citing journal makes the data useful to a wider audience of librarians and accommodates collection development in any combination of the three subject areas.	3
If HF disagreed about a category into which XZL assigned a tweet, we talked it over and then assigned the tweet into a category we both agreed to.	0
We refer readers interested in the demonstration to the reference quoted.	0
Instead of visualizing with scatter plots, we adopt the rank-based Min-Max scaling instead of mean-based normalization because of highly skewed data.	3
To test this hypothesis, a dataset was constructed by matching citations to OA resources inside patents of US pharmaceutical companies to the sizes of companies which own them.	2
We analyze early-career factors of the world's 100 most prominent researchers across 8 scientific fields and identify four key drivers in researchers' initial career: working at a top 25 ranked university, publishing a paper in a top 5 ranked journal, publishing most papers in top quartile (high-impact) journals and co-authoring with other prominent researchers in their field.	1
Scopus has 96.42% of its indexed journals also covered by Dimensions.	4
A systematic search was conducted using Clarivate Analytics Web of Science.	3
The major changes in the geography of DNA Repair are the changes which have affected the geography of scientific activities in general.	5
A country analysis shows that USA is by far the most active country in WPS research (135 articles or 43%), followed by UK (43 articles or 13.7%), Israel (42 articles or 13.4%), Australia (12 articles or 3.8%) and Canada (10 articles or 3.7%).	4
Drawing on multiple data sets composed of member survey responses and interviews, email communication, online meetings, policy documents and co-leader feedback, we identified key resonant themes focussing on academic aspiration and motivation, the role of policy and practice, influence of grants and grant development across schools, mentoring and publishing.	2
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0953-4814.htm	0
Articles published in the natural sciences are less than half as long as articles published in other disciplines even though they have relatively similar numbers of figures and tables.	4
The leading database for generating RAMs to evaluate the quality and impact of academic journals, as well as the research performance of individual researchers, is the Thomson Reuters ISI Web of Science (2013) database (hereafter ISI).	2
Yuehua Zhao serves as one of the co-corresponding authors of this paper.	0
Data on Italian academics and their SDS classifications are extracted from the database of the Ministry of Education, Universities and Research (MIUR).	2
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 66(9):1832–1846, 2015	0
We find that Nobel Prize-winning articles are not necessarily more disruptive than benchmark articles.	4
When usage was included as the mediating variable within the model, the total effects of cognitive and social variables got better predictive capability, as expressed by the explained variance of citation (R2=0.282) and usage (R2=0.333).	4
The findings of this study potentially explain the discrepancy in ranking lists constructed with the use of expert surveys and citation impact measures.	5
A second parameter could be added in order to account for apparent changes in scientific production.	0
In this project, we analyzed retractions of scientific publications using the Web of Science (WoS) and PubMed databases.	1
NSF in effect would be the conduit for basic research funds from SDI projects to universities.	0
We come back to this issue later on in this section.	0
This article analyzes to what extent bibliometric indicators can predict the results of the peer review exercise using the example of a particular selection process.	1
To select representative journals, 50 journals with the highest Impact Factor for the years 1997 and 2012 from Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports (JCR) Science and Social Science edition were compared to identify journals which have been influential for many years.	2
New for the current paper, Scopus citation counts (23 September 2017) and Mendeley reader counts (23–24 September 2017) for the same ten fields were downloaded, querying Scopus for the earliest published articles from each of the ten fields in 2016.	2
Starting from 2011, three communities of complex networks, entropy, and chaos remained in the largest communities for all periods.	4
I then quantified the effect of peer review on manuscripts by examining differences between the preprint and published versions using the normalised Levenshtein distance, cosine similarity, and word count ratios for titles, abstracts, document sections and full-texts.	1
Clusters were constructed considering the frequency of presence of universities in the Top 50 of the four rankings, their positioning, and countries for applying the descriptive statistical analysis.	3
Before presenting our work, it must be acknowledged from the very beginning that research performance is not the only dimension of quality of a candidate to academic positions.	0
I have used a formal model to show that a preference for reading papers of high epistemic value is sufficient to produce social stratification in science.	5
In Journal Citation Reports (JCR) for the year 2013, there were 67 journals and 81 journals in the subject categories of "Orthopedics" and "Sports medicine" respectively.	2
Of these 200 rejected manuscripts, 68 eligible manuscripts could be tracked down as published papers in other journals and were added to the test cohort.	2
The first contribution is the identification of four inequalities that emerge in the application of criteria, where broad discourses materialise in specific criteria.	5
Only face-to-face communication (β = 0.182, p < 0.05) and coauthorship (β = 0.534, p < 0.05) between pairs of the group members at time 0 have statistically significant associations with coauthorship at time 1, but not at time 2.	4
We plotted the RPYS spectrogram that is presented in this study using R [44] with the R package ‘BibPlots' [45].	3
We introduce field-normalized (fractional counted) productivity, and calculate the relation between in this way defined productivity and having at the number of fractionally counted publication in CSS1 and CSS3.	3
RQ1: What types of underlying field changes can be detected by word frequency comparisons?	1
In terms of academic discipline, almost all participants were from the science field (93%), followed by social science (5%), and arts and humanities (2%).	2
In order to ensure enough observation windows, we selected articles published in the years 2005 and 2010 as the initial seed articles.	2
5 For a highly lucid analysis on the same topic at about the same time, see Shapley (1959).	0
Total number of articles published from 2017 to 2019 across all 4 journals.	0
The last indictor used in this study is the national participation index (PI) in overall scientific publication in Lassa fever and in the field of infectious diseases in world's ten most productive countries in biomedical and health sciences during the period 1970–2017.	3
Results indicate that SAARC countries collaborate more with countries outside the region than within the region.	4
The results presented in this paper highlight the value of combining SNA analysis with interviews when studying CAN.	5
In presenting a quantitative analysis of retracted COVID-19 articles published in medical and life science journals, we hope to shine light on the attention these articles garnered and provide possible rationale for this occurrence.	1
This article also investigates the relationship between author gender (s) and research methods.	1
The analysis reveals that the internationality of Chinese scholarly journals has been continuously growing since 1979 and increased rapidly from 2004 to 2010.	4
These journals were selected by removing non-LIS journals (Research Policy, Communications of the ACM), specialty journals (Scientometrics, Research Policy), and journals that use numbered citation style (Journal of Information Science) from the top 10 journals cited by Information Science 2006-2010 papers in 12 journals (Zhao & Strotmann, 2014b).	2
Chambers (2013) lists the major problems associated with publication in the life sciences as: bias (Thornton and Lee, 2000; Fanelli, 2010), insufficient statistical power (Tressoldi, 2012), poor replicability (Pashler and Wagenmakers, 2012), undisclosed analytic flexibility (Wagenmakers, 2007; Bakker et al., 2012; Masicampo and Lalande, 2012), and a lack of data transparency (Ioannidis, 2005; Schreider et al., 2010).	4
Conversely, 457 of the 664 board members of MRC, Wellcome Trust, and NIHR (69%; 95% CI: 65-72%) have held an active grant in the same period by any of these funders.	4
As a final remark, it should be stressed that the general form of the publication-citation distribution investigated here is very different from the (Type I) Pareto, or so-called (continuous) Lotka model, as in Egghe and Rousseau (2006), or the shifted version presented by Egghe and Rousseau (2012 a, b) or even the Pareto (Type II) analysed in detail by Burrell (2008).	5
This finding stands in support of the adoption of PageRank as a protocol for measuring reputation: indeed, an institution is reputable not only if it is highly cited, but also if it is cited by reputable institutions.	5
Statistical tests are needed to give a clear answer on the first question.	0
ETD repositories are addressing this problem by making institutional knowledge available online and thereby not only increasing its visibility and use, but making them contribute to the impact and ranking of their parent institutions.	5
In conclusion, the number of articles published in HIJs by authors from Mainland Chinese hospitals has increased rapidly from 2012 to 2017.	5
The results showed that the Ministry of Education of the Republic of China ranked first in terms of the general link web Impact factor, followed by the Repository of Medan Area University and Institutional Repositories of the Sri Lanka University ranked second and third.	5
The criterion measure for the individual-level analysis was the number of years from the beginning of an individual's academic career to their promotion to full professor.	3
MEDLINE is US National Library of Medicine's indexed database on more than 20 million published biomedical journal articles.	2
We included 81 COVID-19 and 143 non-COVID-19 papers.	2
Conversely, there are robust statistical indications of a gender difference in the relative frequency of the collaboration of Aarhusian authors with researchers affiliated with institutions outside of Denmark.	4
The number of publications in PPJ has been increasing significantly since 2011.	4
An agglomerative hierarchical clustering algorithm utilizing the Ochiai similarity matrix is implemented to complete the task of cluster analysis.	3
The concept of the impact factor (IF) was introduced by Eugene Garfield, an American linguist, in 1955 (Garfield, 1955).	3
The authors are grateful to DIME for the funding needed to carry out the empirical research reported here.	0
The Fisher's exact test (2 × k tables) and the Pearson's x2 test (> 2 × 2 tables) were used to analyze the difference between groups of discrete data.	3
The lack of visibility and usability of the library-managed institutional repository was found to be an issue, as well as the need for subject repositories.	4
The main finding of this study is that against a background of increasing article publications, China and India have increased their publications the most (11- and 9-fold, respectively), and are now among the top five countries regarding number of published articles.	5
The complete network is constructed from bibliometric data on published scholarly articles indexed in two well-known electronic databases covering two 6-year windows from 2000 to 2005 and 2006 to 2011 inclusive.	2
The sole purpose of our work is to develop metrics that can be used complementary to the traditional ones such as the h-index, in order to separate the steadily influential authors from the mass producers.	1
Table 1 The number of OA and TA articles in different fields between 2012 and 2015	0
To address these issues and to provide assessors with an easy, rapid, yet objective relative index of citation performance for any group of researchers, we designed a new index we call the ‘ε-index’ (the ‘ε’ signifies the use of residuals, or deviance from a trend) that is simple to construct, can be standardized across disciplines, is meaningful only as a relative index for a particular sample of researchers, can be corrected for career breaks (see Methods), and provides a sample-specific threshold above and below which assessors can determine whether individual performance is greater or less than that expected relative to the other researchers in the specific sample.	1
The growth of electronic publishing, peer review and charge requisition from 1991 to 2000.	0
Using a large full-text data set, this study analyzed the citation sentiment of more than 32 million citances and revealed citation sentiment patterns at the journal and discipline levels.	5
Across Models 3 to 6, the estimated relationship between peer-review scores and outcomes remains remarkably stable, even as we add more covariates that describe an applicant’s past accomplishments, prestige, proposal-writing skill, and professional connections.	4
I archived each post that I used as primary source material in this case study.	2
As observed in Table 4, History accumulates 28% of the total number of Wikipedia articles, while in Scopus, History represent only 11% of the database.	4
Based on the studies mentioned above, this study made use of four common indicators of the degree of citation concentration.	3
The Cranfield paradigm puts forth a set of rules for fair evaluation of retrieval systems (Cleverdon, 1967).	3
In the 2019-2020 edition of CSSCI, there were a total of 782 Chinese scholarly journals indexed in its core and expanded collections (including 568 journals from the core collection and 214 from the expanded collection).	2
However, the participation rate of women in SSH research was relatively low, at an average of 37.30%.	4
Data was collected for the period from 2004 to 2008 and consisted of a total of 1236 year-on-year productivity unit counts.	2
Our results suggest that there is neither a Nobel Prize effect as regards citation impact of the Nobel laureate under investigation nor a related chain reaction in the citation network, as suggested in the original study.	5
We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms of scholarship.	0
Multivariate linear regression was used to identify predictors of mean differences (MD) of knowledge scores.	3
The degree distribution of the giant component is morphologically similar with that of the whole co-authorship network shown in Fig.	4
The metrics are computed for publications from 2001 to 2013, which were collected in 2014 and 2015.	2
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
The intention is likewise to examine the trends in research applying the structural equation modelling method to Social Sciences, and to identify the main themes and new areas of interest.	1
The final constructed network of character names has 1,133 nodes and 5,844 links.	2
Second, it allows us to understand the evolutionary nuances and emerging trends.	5
In 2009, Steven Shafer in “Anesthesia & Analgesia” published a list of 21 retracted papers authored by Scott S.	2
An online international survey of 800 early career researchers (ECRs) was conducted in 2022.	2
PLWH index: number of publications per thousand PLWH.	3
The English- and non-English-language medical literature on pain from July 2002 to May 2012 was studied using Medline, the Ovid database, and by performing hand searches of relevant references using Google.	2
We conclude that the number of publications in German universities appears to be a function of the number of academic personnel and not of the discipline.	5
We aim to analyze the global diversity of the editorial boards of ophthalmology journals.	1
Nearly one-third of publications authored by the McGill University School of Social Work since 2006 are OA, and more than half of the faculty in the school have at least one article published in an OA journal.	4
The detailed analysis findings were then discussed further in the following section.	0
a tendency to cite specifics rather than generalities to support arguments.	5
A total of 23 UK higher-education institutions provided data (see Figure 1).	2
Finally, the number of publications decreased to 153 as shown in Table 4.	2
Forecasting the number of publications for the whole LIS literature produced significant results [Ljung Box Q(18) = 30.286, df = 18, p = 0.035, ARIMA(0, 1, 0) = 0.539, SE = 0.162, p = 0.001], and according to the results, 3974 publications were predicted for 2019 and 4632 for 2027.	4
This study identifies a gap between the professions working in the field and the scholarly literature of addictions treatment.	5
In summary, virtue epistemology is characterized by focusing on the study of personal conditions that favor the search for knowledge in all fields.	5
To ensure a role for diverse voices, we must remove language barriers that prioritize Western viewpoints.	1
It can be demonstrated that scientists have a clear understanding of open access as a means of unfettered dissemination of knowledge.	5
Furthermore, we used SciVal to extract the total number of citations received.	2
Cluster analysis revealed the existence of three personality clusters among biomedical scientists: the ‘perfectionist’, the ‘ideal son-in-law’ and the ‘sneaky grandiose’.	4
If the curve is concave, then the diffusion of scientific ideas formulated in the cited article is decelerated.	4
The questions' response choices were dichotomous (yes/no), multiple choice, or interval rating scale (1–5).	3
Data were obtained from 488 Vietnamese researchers using survey method.	2
This research addressed the impact of long-term international mobility on knowledge network building and network persistence.	5
We showed that the success-index, due to its variable parameter, is comprising many impact measures such as the h-index, g-index, R-index, ha-indices, wa-indices and the average in the case that Lotka's law is valid.	5
Instead of using the predefined grouping of source titles, KDR uses relevant keywords developed for each subject field to retrieve the required data.	3
Findings also revealed that sole authorship dominated reports on linguistics research.	4
All analyses were conducted in SAS version 9.4 (SAS Institute Inc., Cary, NC).	3
Based on the Sci-GEO chart, we classified research areas into four Sci-GEO types, i.e., small island, island, peninsula, and continent, and analysed their properties, such as size and transitions across Sci-GEO types.	3
This has created a competitive environment for social science researchers, especially those who have their competitors in neighboring countries such as in the fields of psychology, economy, geography, and sociology.	5
Peer-reviewed journals should encourage the use of standardized journal policies and quality-control measures regarding peer review, data quality and accuracy.	5
This study will aid us in understanding the publication process, and the role that corrections play in the growth of science.	5
Therefore, this study intends to analyze the achievements and existing issues of research integrity in such universities and propose corresponding improvement suggestions.	1
In this study, only countries with at least n = 1,000 papers and an AC of at least 30 are considered.	2
The relative productivity of the author is then calculated as the sum of all adjusted values from his or her publications.	3
To illustrate the performance of the consensus ranking approach, the authors apply the above methodology to a set of 12 renowned rankings of journals, related to the marketing discipline.	2
Parameters analysed were the number and percentage of articles published by year; authorship pattern; contribution of authors gender wise, and geographical affiliation; article length; pattern of citation; and articles by medical specialties.	3
The method proposed in this work aligns to the second category.	0
Thus, the work's goal was set: to determine the degree of intellectual capital's significance for the development of science in modern Russian universities using statistical methodology.	1
We adopted the Blau's index of heterogeneity (Div), which is widely used in diversity studies (Blau, 1977; Yoo et al., 2023), as a basic index to measure inter-organizational diversity.	3
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
A total of 9,422 survey responses were received, which constituted an overall response rate of 42% for the study.	2
Key performance indicators were developed and analyzed after being extracted from the online submission system.	3
All of the indicators of stewardship and capacity building axes are received to their predefined levels.	4
2013), we have computed the 95% confidence intervals for the median DAO values of two sets: I—containing all DAO scores related with papers with Ν∈ {2,3,..., N?	3
But let us start with the question of whether our results are sufficiently “surprising."	0
Our findings have implications for the application of principal-agent theory to the relationship between government and scientists.	5
We just accept the opinion of the authors who discussed these articles.	2
The aim of this study is to explore the use of PubPeer by the scholarly community through the content categorization of comments posted to the platform.	1
All original articles published in the included journals in a 5-year period from June 2013 to June 2018 were included in the analysis.	2
Investigated input features for each grant holder include gender, degree, targeted category, international mobility, international grants, number of publications, total number of citations, H-index, best publications, impact factors in the last 2 years, and assessment scores provided by the experts.	2
A series of semi-structured interviews were conducted in 2014 to gather a wide variety of perspectives from stakeholders.	2
Domination in collaborative country was the USA (63.38%) followed by France (7.04%), Spain (5.6%), and Germany (4.22%).	4
From SciELO health sciences journals network, 92% of the 411 journals use a Creative Commons licence, 89% require transfer of author copyright and 14% apply author processing charges.	4
Schematic representation of the discretizing of a continuous indicator in a given dimension	0
The first is a copy of the Digital Library (ACM, Inc., 2014) of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM).	2
The second aspect, in our opinion, is some evidence of the change in the nature of migration: its transition from brain drain to drain sharing, that is, from irrevocable migration and loss of intellectual capital to its sharing.	5
as regards interdependence of proposals and synergistic attributes in a multi-criteria setting).	5
The results are shown as an average of n = 10,000 simulations	0
The opinions and experiences of 72 medical educators enrolled in an online discussion forum for faculty development were analysed to ascertain possible reasons and ways to address publication misconduct.	1
Table 4 shows that the estimated parameter was negative and statistically significant, which indicates that having attended a top ten university makes a student less likely to become an academic.	4
Whereas other studies have shown an advantage for these papers with the social media platforms Twitter and Facebook, this study – with the help of Mendeley data was able to provide a more specific view of the concrete users of these papers from a more strongly academic environment.	5
Thirdly, 51.8% of the citations of 48 explored Ukrainian journals are from Ukrainian authors.	5
Of the 389 respondents who answered the question about past, current, and future collaborative ventures, 357 or 91.8 percent indicated that they had collaborated, were collaborating, or would be seeking research collaborators; the remaining 32 respondents indicated that they were not interested in seeking research collaborators.	4
SNIP values for the 3 selected journals for the period 1999–2015 were retrieved from the Scopus database (Elsevier, Leiden, Netherlands) using the Scopus Analyze and Export services.	2
Received: 11 December 2022 Revised: 30 March 2023 Accepted: 23 April 2023	0
Multivariable logistical regression demonstrated two independent characteristics associated with pursuit of a future academic career: female sex (p = 0.042) and higher h-index values (p = 0.002).	4
A convenience sampling method was employed and all nurses currently working in a university hospital in mainland China, were invited to participate in this survey.	2
The second phase lasted from the 1960s to the end of the 20th century and was characterized by the strengthening of Sport Sciences research, reflected on the rise of articles, journals, authors and institutions involved as well as the percentage of collaboration among academics.	5
Less than a quarter have had opportunities to participate in faculty training to be a better mentor, advisor, or research teacher, and about one third of faculty did not or could not remember whether they had guidelines related to their responsibilities to PhD students.	4
The APS citation data is available from the American Physical Society for researchers who meet the criteria for access to confidential data.	2
In the fifth part of the paper, we present the results from the robustness checks.	0
We find that the discipline characterized by the highest (lowest) overall mobility is Biophysics (Astronomy & Astrophysics), whereas the discipline characterized by the highest (lowest) overall inequality is Research & Experimental Medicine (Microbiology).	4
The transcripts were coded in order to perform a thematic analysis of the data (Braun & Clarke, 2006).	3
Percent changes in the h-index and total citations were calculated after removal of self-citations and compared across academic ranks and levels of research productivity (total publications, h-index, and total citations).	3
Using a conceptual framework based on a treatise by Jürgen Habermas (The theory of communicative action, Beacon Press, 1987) incorporating three socio-political levels (Lifeworld, Steering Media and Systems), we examined the ideals, processes and challenges in setting up an interdisciplinary research group within a traditional disciplinary-based university environment.	3
The United States had the greatest number of publications accounting for 38% (n:10503), followed by the United Kingdom with 9.42% (n:2603 documents), Canada with 5.21% (n:1441 documents), Australia with 3.80% (n:1050 documents) and Germany with 3.22% (889 documents).	4
Received: 14 February 2022 / Accepted: 19 January 2023 / Published online: 31 January 2023	0
166 documents were analyzed using RStudio, VOSviewer, and Microsoft Excel.	2
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
In our research, all data (2630 articles) from PLoS Biology from 2009 to 2018 are adopted as objects of analysis; data retrieval is from the PLoS journal open-access platform, and the Web of Science (WOS) core collection.	2
Collaboration networks for both authors and nations as well as citing networks were constructed for LATAM and each individually included country using VOSviewer version 1.6.10 (Nees Jan van Eck and Ludo Waltman, Leiden University, Leiden, Netherlands).	3
As shown in Figure 3, the remaining two journals (Policy Sciences and Policy Studies) had similar citation footprints and were not especially attached to any particular traditional discipline.	4
We interpret these results as a growing tendency of more fairness within scientific teams.	5
We searched for documents with the word "El Salvador" in the address field and found 873 documents, published between 1900 and 2015 (Date of search: November 24th, 2016).	2
Claveau indicates that he is “deeply sympathetic" to our general strategy.	4
This was done for a sample of articles published in the Archives since its beginnings; going back from 2017, every fifth year was studied.	2
In measuring the number of co-publications between two countries, we applied the co-authorship approach.	3
Once a paper visibility increases, the citation will be increased at a significant rate.	5
In this study, the overall uncited rate of all publications of two German political science departments is about 80 %.	4
We are indebted to Sandrine Reyes and Susanne Sch?fer for their help in the compilation of the data set and to our colleagues at SLAC and elsewhere for maintaining and operating SPIRES.	0
Finally, in addition to collecting and displaying raw sample data, trimmed average is also used, by removing one sample with the highest number of articles and one sample with the lowest number of articles, to obtain the trimmed average data from SCI, SSCI, CSCD, and CSSCI samples, since a journal at either end could considerably skew the average data.	3
What is the relationship between gender, collaboration, and impact, by levels of gender equity in a country?	1
Among assistant professors, males had higher wRCR scores.	4
Our evidence uncovers that inbound scholars, after their move, are more productive than non-mobile colleagues; however, this effect declines over time.	4
To deal with this problem we devised a data mining method based on the SOM family of neural networks (Teuvo Kohonen 2013).	3
Based on a survey of authors across fields, we measure the likelihood of specialist authors (sometimes called “guest” authors): people who only made specialized contributions, such as data, materials, or funding; and “nonauthor collaborators” (sometimes referred to as “ghost” authors): those who did significant work on the project but do not appear as authors, across different research contexts, including field, size of the project team, commercial orientation, impact of publication, and organization of the collaboration.	1
Distribution of number of papers by number of affiliation disciplines and numbers of journal disciplines.	0
The United Kingdom is the country with the largest OA share (46%), 15% above the world average, followed by Switzerland (43%).	4
For social geographers, however, the performance indicator “The number of independent citations located in the WoS and the Scopus”, which is currently not part of the requirements, should be re-included.	5
Our study revealed that more than one in four medical students publishes findings of their mandatory research project in a peer-reviewed paper, mainly as first or second author.	5
The 860 articles published through collaboration have higher ranks (560.78) than the 219 articles published without collaboration (458.40) on the ACI U = 76,299, p = .001, r = .133 a medium or typical effect according to Cohen (1988) guidelines.	4
The most common discipline is Computer Science, which has the most publications with number of 111 and counting for 61.67 percent of the total publications in this field, followed by Information Science and Library Science (44, 24.44 percent), Engineering (25, 13.89 percent), Government and Law (22, 12.22 percent), Public Administration 16 (8.89 percent) and Business and Economics (9, 5.00 percent).	4
The most emphasised scientific disciplines are: Tropical Medicine (12.5 times higher than what should be expected from the research size of Africa); Parasitology (6.5 times higher) and Infectious Diseases (4.6 times higher).	4
And they never looked back: by 2015, Chinese authored papers outnumbered their American counterpart by a factor of 2.5.	0
This method has the potential of revealing any field dependent difference in interests between the LIS and the non-LIS community and with special attention on the theoretical and methodical aspects of the articles.	0
Beginning with the metadata records, using OpenRefine's templating function we exported the crosswalked metadata as a single XML file that included all of the MODS records for the various works.	3
we use the share of peer-reviewed outputs published in journals, conferences and book publishers in JUFO levels 2 (“leading”) and 3 (“top”) as the indicator of publication performance.	3
Lokman Meho, Indiana University, for alerting us to and providing additional data.	0
Following the filtering, 6820 articles were selected for analyses from the plain text file, reducing the number of sources from 1090 to 942 and the number of authors from 21,134 to 20,076.	2
The main findings include: (a) the annual numbers of Czech articles rose almost steadily during 1993-2012, with a sudden increase in 1994 due to the split of Czechoslovakia in 1993; (b) multidisciplinary materials science, physical chemistry, and multidisciplinary chemistry were the most active research categories; (c) Czech journals were more preferred to by Czech scientists compared to the foreign journals, while the top three journals were Collection of Czechoslovak Chemical Communications, Chemicke Listy, and Czechoslovak Journal of Physics; (d) Except for the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic, Charles University in Prague contributed the most articles and had the highest growth rate among the top seven institutions; (e) the most frequently collaborative countries were five of seven industrial countries: Germany, United States, France, United Kingdom, and Italy, as well as the other successor of Czechoslovakia, i.e.	4
The number of authors has a time-prolonging effect on publication time, as expected.	4
For example, some of the records are not up to date, and not all journals provide important metadata like acceptance rates, IF (if available), and circulation statistics.	0
We have compared the 2-year and 5-year impact factors (IFs), normalized impact factors (NIFs) and rank normalized impact factors (RNIFs) of open access (OA) and subscription journals across the 22 major fields delineated in Essential Science Indicators.	1
We find that there has been rapid growth in CELJs between 2006 and 2011 but mostly in the science, technology and medicine disciplines.	4
This study uses a qualitative methodology and incudes in-depth interviews with 22 voluntary participants from various Malaysian public and private universities and with different research backgrounds and experience.	1
Received 22 July 2021; Received in revised form 17 January 2022; Accepted 24 January 2022	0
We have used information from the NIRF 2017 factsheets on aspects such as: number of teachers and students, annual expenditure (capital and operational), number of publications, citation details, etc.	2
Conflict of interest The author has no competing interests or conflicts of interests to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
This article explores the use of bibliometric data in the study of international scientific migration, by studying researchers' migration trends between 10 scientifically developing and 7 developed countries (see Table 2 in Sect.	1
The top-3 prolific authors were Mandal AK (n = 53), Freedman, SF (n = 36), and Sarfarazi, M (n = 33).	4
The modest impact of articles from China may be related to the lack of a national center for bioinformation and an official society for bioinformatics (Wei and Yu 2008).	5
Price data were collected from medical service price schedule in each region.	2
In total 166 studies from the six 2016 issues were saved in NVivo 11 Pro, a commercial program for qualitative data analysis (http://www.qsrinternational.com/nvivo-product/nvivo11-for-windows/pro).	3
We find no significant correlation between the journal scores based on the two criteria, nor between them and the journals' impact factors.	4
We propose a backward tracking model for measuring knowledge transfer in the whole translational research spectrum.	1
In an historic shift, China has become an important collaborating partner of the US with remarkable growth seen in 2005 and 2010.	4
We have developed a publicly available suite of Web-based tools designed to the computation of the optimal set of manuscripts to allocate on and the respective allocation fractions, using the simple algorithm given above.	3
The data downloaded from the WoS was assessed and analyzed using Microsoft Excel spread sheet software.	3
2008 ASIS&T Published online 7 April 2008 in Wiley InterScience (www.interscience.wiley.com).	0
The most common bibliometric mapping approaches are based on bibliographic coupling, co-citations, co-authorship, and keyword co-occurrence.	3
The author collected journal citations for 1982, 1987, 1992, 1997, 2002, 2007, and 2012.	2
The Triple Helix model is proposed for the analysis of the role of public hospitals in innovation processes.	1
We acknowledge the important contributions made by the anonymous referees to the previous version of this paper.	0
We specifically target an important aspect of this discussion process: anonymity of reviewers to other reviewers in the discussion.	1
A common way to address this interfield comparison concern is to create a ratio version, or some similar type of normalization, of the journal ranking metric (e.g., Iglesias & Pecharromán, 2007; Pudovkin & Garfield, 2004).	3
Self-links in a co-citation network are usually of no interest, and therefore the main diagonal elements of the co-citation matrices W and W* are set to 0.	0
The hjif-index can be used as a tool to rank journals in a manner that better reflects the variable number of journals within a given JCR group and in each group’s hjif-core as an alternative to the more arbitrary JCR-based percentile ranking.	5
Therefore, this study aims to map medical MRI literature affiliated with Arab countries, focusing on publication trends, top journals, author affiliations, study countries, and authors' collaboration, and keyword analysis.	1
The GMF-related research maintains stable growth with established research teams and sufficient funds in the recent years.	4
Moreover, it is unfair to compare citation counts between articles published in different fields and years, so a field/year normalised citation impact indicator was used, the Mean Normalised Log-transformed Citation Score (MNLCS) (Thelwall, 2017), as follows.	3
This left us with a final sample consisting of 1,182 articles.	2
Comparing the level of gross domestic expenditures on R&D (GERD) as a proportion of GDP—“research intensity”—in the four countries shows considerable variance.	3
Two types of variables are the object of social network analysis: structural and attribute variables (Wasserman and Faust, 1994).	3
In total, the data set comprises 2853 publications (many publications being authored by more than 1 Aarhus University researcher) and 3293 authors (7820 observations).	2
In this work, a source normalization of the journal impact factor is proposed.	1
Please cite this article as: Youtie, J., Research Policy (2017), http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.respol.2017.08.006	0
We measured how much of the conservation science literature produced since 2000 has been made universally and freely available by the publisher, and compare this with levels of open access in evolutionary biology, a related discipline, but one that is focused largely on discovering how the world works rather than trying to influence how it is managed.	1
We find that students working with advisors of the same gender tend to be more productive during the PhD; and that female students working with female advisors are considerably more likely to become faculty themselves.	4
Behind you trail a half dozen students, each anxious about some missed lecture or test grade.	0
The anticipation and visualization of possible future states	1
This study draws on publication and citation data related to plant biotechnology from a 10-year (2004–2013) period to assess the research performance, impact, and collaboration of member states of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).	1
We employ seven bibliometric indicators from the RePEc (Research Papers in Economics) website (http://www.repec.org).	2
The study offers qualitative and quantitative support that the approach is valuable in detecting patent and publication linkages.	4
The classification of scientific literature into appropriate disciplines is a fundamental task in bibliometric studies, but it is far from straightforward in domains with high multi-disciplinarity, variety, and instability.	5
Of the total knowledge flow from China, we find a relatively smaller proportion (only 4.11%) falling into the category of knowledge flow based on important citations, while The Netherlands and Germany show the highest proportions of knowledge flows based on important citations, at 9.06 and 7.35% respectively.	4
On further analysis, the ranking of global priority weights of barriers indicates that lack of intrinsic motivation (0.0826), lack of research-supporting culture (0.0804), heavy family commitments (0.0686), lack of resources (0.0685), and heavy workload (0.0682) are the top five specific barriers that impede research quality and productivity.	4
It also sought to assess the impact factors of such publications.	1
We believe that the results from our paper provide a solid argument in favor of using PageRank scores based only on bibliometric instead of (or along with) estimations through surveys to measure academic reputation.	5
For descriptive purposes, we used the chi-squared test and one-way analysis of variance to determine whether academics' previous work experiences and knowledge transfer differed by academic generation.	3
Following [28], we constructed a collaborative network G = (V, E) of researchers.	3
These results suggest that entering ORCIDs by authors during the submission process is tedious and time consuming and hinders a larger presence of ORCIDs in PubMed.	5
Three of the OA journals and eight non-OA journals were not recognized by the Publish or Perish software and were excluded, leaving 65 OA journals and 69 non-OA journals which were used for final analysis.	2
The model produces significant estimates for INTER- DISCIPLINARITY and SIMILARITY, that is, it suggests that these attributes of frontier research play a role for selection outcome.	4
The coarse-grained map allows to identify 8 clusters.	4
The Jaccard index between the two matrices is only 0.42, which indicates that there are also important differences.	4
Regarding the publishers, 33 journals (50%) reported an address in the United States of America, while others were from United Kingdom, India, Hong Kong, Iran, and Canada.	4
The purple curve, compared with both the red and blue ones, display a slower rising process, as well as a slower declining process after the citation peak.	4
Hence, even though the number of illegal DOIs has decreased in recent years, illegal DOIs still exist in 2019.	5
Table 1 Characteristics of all respondents and those with cases complete	0
We analyze metadata of scientific publications in three scientific domains: Nano-Enabled Drug Delivery, Synthetic Biology, and Autonomous Vehicles.	2
Overall, this experiment reveals evidence supporting the advantages of an anonymous discussion setup in the peer-review process, in terms of the evaluation criteria considered herein.	5
for the vast majority of journals, the median is considerably lower than the mean value—with very few exceptions where the opposite is the case (n = 1, 1, 4 journals for the Med-R&E, Med-G&I and Top 3 cohorts, respectively).	4
The analyses were conducted using Stata 14.0 software (Stata Corp., College Station, TX, USA).	0
About 10% of the respondents agreed that research misconduct strictly defined (such as fabrication, falsification, and plagiarism, FFP) is common in their area of research, while slightly more agreed that other forms of misconduct is common.	4
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
For this purpose, bibliometric data from contact lens-related journals was compared with the corresponding average values from the Ophthalmology subject category of the JCR.	3
Terms relevant to depression were obtained by searching the corpus for terms that were similar to both 'depression' and a few other fragments used similarly in depression ('depress', 'anhedon', 'dysthym') and mental health treatment ('mental_', 'psychol', 'psychia', 'therapy', 'patient') (GS and AC generated this list).	2
In terms of authors, we collected a raw list of 18,882 names and cleaned the list with the 'light' disambiguation function in VantagePoint, which consolidates name variations like “Eugene Garfield”, “Garfield, Eugene", and "E Garfield".	2
1 – Bibliographic coupling between the most productive and influential journals in innovation research.	0
The implemented institutional educational intervention was a 60-min comprehensive lecture.	3
The documents citing LSBS published between 1963 and 2010 were identified by searching the database of Web of Science (WoS), which features long-term citation data across disciplines.	2
The build model also shows a lack of a significant relation between relevance and normalized citations.	5
The model features two paradigms, one describing reality better than the other.	3
Is there a difference in the distribution of cited concepts between NS and SSH citing articles?	1
VOSviewer software divided the ER documents into six major thematic clusters with 1,013 documents (77% of the total documents) on the basis of bibliographic coupling.	4
LightGBM and Random Forest both performed with the given conditions and achieved the same score in accuracy and recall.	4
Yet we have an intuitive sense that somehow they will not.	0
The methodology and procedures employed included descriptive statistics, chi-square test, two-sample proportion test, and analysis of covariance.	3
Statistical regressions will be used to evaluate the robustness of the proposed First Law.	3
Firstly, author teams are categorized into three types: academic institutions, industrial institutions and mixed academic and industrial institutions.	3
Furthermore, after using STICCI.eu, fewer different citations are found (481), which means that 39.7% of the citations have been recognized as real matches.	4
Received 2 December 2022; Received in revised form 28 February 2023; Accepted 12 April 2023	0
Consequently, the sample of this study consisted of all articles (articles and research notes/ communications/commentaries) published in the SMJ from volume 1, issue 1, in 1980 to volume 35, issue 13, in 2014.	2
There are three major findings: (a) library holdings are a more comprehensively available metric for books (over 97%) than any other metric and could be useful after short time after first edition publication, followed by Google Books, Goodreads and Scopus, respectively; (b) on average electronic holdings are seven times (median three times) more numerous than print holdings and their ratio is growing considerably for more recent books; (c) there is consistent downward trend in average print book holdings, suggesting that library print holding data are cumulative in nature and statistically comparable to formal citations; however, acquisition of electronic books in libraries is inconsistent in distribution plot as well as over time.	4
Information contained in individual career paths naturally induces a mobility graph, where each node represents a country and each (directed) edge represents an affiliation change from the country at its tail to the one at its head.	3
The number of authors was calculated by counting the number of scholars as shown in (2).	0
We collect the publication information of all the associate and full professors in 27 world universities and 9 Turkish universities.	2
Institute of Theoretical Science, University of Oregon Eugene, Oregon 97403 (USA)	0
These papers were published between 1996 and 2012.	2
Median citation number, country of origin, study topic within the field of pediatric emergency medicine, and year of publication were compiled, compared, and analyzed.	3
Specifically, phrases such as magnetic resonance imaging, deep learning, prostate cancer, chest CT, computed tomography, CT images, coronavirus disease, convolutional neural network(s) are among the most frequently mentioned.	4
Out of these 672 documents, 304 documents were co-cited in 368 cited-by research documents.	2
The similarity within consensus groups is represented by the diagonal values.	0
I thank Carolina Gomes Freitas (Universidade Federal de S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo-SP, Brazil) and Francisco Silva Neto (Universidade de S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo-SP, Brazil) for their comments and suggestions.	0
The maxim that “it's important to know what's in the numbers before interpreting them" is crucial to analysis of uncitedness.	0
Open access has many connotations in the biomedical publishing world, but the general interpretation is that an article should be freely accessible to the reader with no subscription charge.	0
The present study provides a cross-sectional summary of the 100 cited studies in sTBI, highlighting areas of research that require further investigation and development.	5
However, the item-oriented approach performed better when cited references were heavily weighted in the similarity calculations.	4
Here we report on recent attempts to do that by properly defining critical mass and showing how group size influences research quality.	1
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs License, which permits use and distribution in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, the use is non-commercial and no modifications or adaptations are made.	0
Bernard Wallner and Horst Seidler wrote the paper, reviewed drafts of the paper.	0
We propose WEIG - Wroclaw Effectiveness Indicator for Grants.	1
For JE, the Pearson correlation coefficient between degree-centrality rank and citations rank was 0.403 and it was significant at 1% level of significance.	4
Appendix 6: Top Twenty-Five High-Priced Print Scholarly Scientific, Technical, and Medical Journals, 2002	0
What are the relationships between the use of metadata elements and levels of researcher participation in RIMS (i.e.	1
The study would help its worldwide readers get a complete summary of the journal's trends between 2006 and 2019.	5
Thus, this study compares the difference between open access and non-open access books in terms of knowledge distribution.	1
An initiative such as the one described here provides such opportunities.	5
A vast literature is dedicated to measuring and evaluating interdisciplinarity (Klein, 2008; Wagner et al., 2011; Repko, Szostak and Buchberger, 2017).	0
Furthermore, the SIR model is used for robustness testing, and the results show that the rescaled AttriRank can achieve better performance.	3
Focusing, in particular, on the formal aspect of the productive relations between academic institutions and the capitalist state that are established in and through CPBF, this paper proposes to examine the latter in the light of the determinations of the capitalist relations of production captured by the Marxian notion of ‘formal subsumption of academic labour under capital'.	1
KEY WORDS: bibliometrics, citation analysis, cleft, impact factor, most-cited articles, publication, Web of Science	0
We begin our analysis by looking at the overall submission profile.	0
The use and creation of social media does not adversely affect the use of traditional scholarly material, and high frequency users or creators of social media read more scholarly material than others.	4
., Sm) : S1 ≥ S2 ≥ > Sm} the class of scholars with at most m publications, and by S = Um≥1Sm the class of all scholars.	2
Evidence-based orbital mucormycosis and general ophthalmology publications gathered most of the attention due to their heterogeneous presentation.	5
In this paper, we investigate how open access is reflected and implemented in all Norwegian universities and how they responded to national policy developments for open access in the period 2009–2021.	1
This yielded 4,395 articles which were used for further analysis.	2
Being aware of the characteristics and limitations of the ways we categorize research publications is important to research management.	5
(2) Report field-weighted citation impact (FWCI) values and relative citation ratio (RCR) values for each scholarship recipient.	1
Our analysis thus points diversification out as the key element for nations to achieve a successful and competitive research system, suggesting that excellence comes out as a natural side effect of a complex, very heterogeneous, diversified, and therefore healthy, system.	5
For this purpose, a survey was designed and sent to Spanish researchers belonging to Doctorate Schools of Medicine, included in the Registry of Universities, Centres and Degrees (RUCT) of the Ministry of Education, Culture and Sport.	2
It can be seen that RALEX consistently outperformed the 2 PageRank baselines in its ability to retrieve the best papers according to the proxy gold standard.	4
In Zahn's case more than 800 documents are identified by GS.	2
The academic sector is the most prominent contributor across MENA with 24 universities contributing more than 1% of the total number of domestic publications in their countries.	4
The final search yielded 14,588 publication records (until 31 May 2020)–an interesting sample size within a limited period (Fig.	2
This study analyzes attitudes toward OA using a quantitative cluster analysis to see how different types of authors group, based on items designed to capture their views.	3
Analyses revealed that women were significantly more likely to accept review invitations and took more time to complete reviews than men.	4
Four ANOVAS (one-way analysis of variance) were conducted in Stata 14 to identify significant differences between two groups of universities (group 1: private and group 2: public) in FWCI, authors' h-index, documents published by authors, and journals' h-index.	3
The multivariate regression analysis demonstrates that academic productivity is positively correlated with total compensation; therefore, the results of this study are encouraging for the continued promotion of clinical research among busy and time-restrained physicians.	5
This paper analyzes a broad set of factors associated with the risks and rewards from entry into new-to-the-researcher scientific fields, including individual capacities and preferences as well as incentives stemming from career progression and access to funding.	1
The objective of this study is to examine the relationship between the personality trait conscientiousness and research productivity among doctoral students.	1
Our final sample thus contains 12,812 articles authored by 1,389 different individuals.	2
In this study, we investigate the relationship between the scholarly literature and the NYT as expressed through references in journal articles.	5
We used structural equation modelling to test our research hypotheses.	3
This research uses a broad range of scientific outputs to empirically assess such assumptions and explore the outcomes of IRC in Colombia.	1
We used all journals that belonged to the Web of Science subject category Economics in year 2013, 332 journals in total.	2
For anonymity purposes, the number of editorial team members and the number of submissions are given as ranges rather than specific numbers.	0
Given a per-article download price of $36, this suggests a relatively elastic response: The average price elasticity of demand for downloads is 1.2, with individual journal elasticities ranging from 0.6 to 2.	4
A total of 34 Chinese scientists were both academicians of CAS and CAE, to yield a final research sample of 2406 academicians.	2
Figure 2 shows one very large spike in activity correlated with the launch of the UCL MOOC 'Why We Post: The Anthropology of Social Media'.	4
The QFD method is used to combine the concepts extracted from the Upstream Documents with the criteria of existing ranking models.	3
In addition, data from JCR (https://clarivate.com/products/ journal-citation-reports/) and individual journals' homepages were collected to investigate the degree of internationalization of CELAJs.	2
The findings of this research suggest that invitations to publish in unexpected fields can serve as a catalyst for critical reflection on the norms, practices, and values that broadly shape academic publishing and research.	5
In addition, the agencies should also pay attention to international exchanges and cooperation, gradually form a close cooperation, high output for scientific research, flourishing scientific-research pattern, which finally can effectively promote the continuous and healthy development of the domestic psychological field.	5
Altmetrics in Plastic Surgery Journals: Does it Correlate With Citation Count?	1
With any new proposed academic-related indicator, a logical first step is to assess whether it correlates with another indicator of better known value (Sud and Thelwall, 2014).	1
2) shows that TCT has been primarily used on foreign entry mode and internationalization research and studying multinationals but we detected some ties to more recent approaches such as the learning that multinationals procure in foreign markets and to the resource-based and related views.	4
The number of citations was used as a proxy measure of both productivity and impact of research.	3
From models a1 and a2, we can see that the regression coefficient of interdisciplinarity and MDCD is –0.010 and -0.027 in library and information science and particle physics respectively, P < 0.01, indicating that the interdisciplinarity of scientific papers has a negative impact on MDCD.	4
The third and last exploration method details the allocation of topics in full-text documents, and is thus complementary to the previous ones that used declared keywords and relevant keywords within abstracts of the citation neighbourhood.	3
We found that after the deaths, the stars' expansive rosters of collaborators tend to drastically reduce their scientific output (1), whereas noncollaborators increase their output in the deceased stars' field (2).	4
The discrepancies between the articles' citation counts and Altmetric Attention Scores appear in part to relate to the articles' journal of publication, which in turn may reflect the varying extent to which the journals pursue initiatives to disseminate their own content on social media.	5
The NCI achieves its policy goals by co-funding its programs with both national and cross-national agencies.	4
It enables to work, helps building social networks and promotes integration, whereas on the other hand side integration ultimately leads to better health outcomes [20].	0
In this study, we investigated characteristics and trends of orthopedics publications from these three regions.	1
In line with Neuendorf's (2017) recommendations, a random selection of 170 names for a second coding was implemented, yielding an intercoder reliability of 98.3% agreement and 0.963 Kohen's Kappa, which is considered substantial (Neuendorf, 2017).	3
A consistent implementation of these simple suggestions can substantially advance the open knowledge infrastructure as well as our open research culture.	5
Amy Pooler for their expert guidance; all authors of the chosen key articles for their comments; all postgraduate assessors for their input in the assessment phase of the project and to Esther Nagy for her assistance throughout the project.	0
The InCites platform, the source of data for the current study, is maintained by Clarivate Analytics and is accessible online.	2
According to WoS, around 36% of total publications are produced by China only, with TP of 137.	4
The data that inform the present study are entirely theoretically derived under the assumption that the manipulation scenario of self-citation is in operation.	2
., 714) were collected from the CSSCI database.	2
The present paper attempts to test this hypothesis by providing a topicality and research impact analysis of conference-based, monographic, and regular issues published between 2010 and 2015 inclusive and indexed in Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science.	1
We also suggest that scientists use the index regardless of whether it is implemented by journals or not.	5
To avoid confusion, we use the term reference to denote items in the bibliography of a paper, as defined by de Solla Price.	0
There were 1106 total research documents, including 721 original articles and 385 case reports.	2
This study examines the effect of technology availability on traditional and evolving learning research output and trends by using bibliometric tools of analysis.	1
The revealed similarities and differences in innovation policy configuration between Russia and China have been scrutinized through exploring the causes of the differences and the foundations of the similarities between the two countries.	5
We built a test collection with the 343 preprints curated for the COVID-NMA living systematic review (Boutron et al.	2
The publication profiles - including the number of papers, the number of citations, and the value of H-index – were collected from the Scopus (international multi-disciplinary citation database of Elsevier) based on the Scopus author IDs.	2
Just like peer-reviewed articles (Samuels 2011), books are cited more frequently in (other) books as compared to the number of times that they are cited in peer-reviewed articles.	4
We found that 99.3% of the articles published by grantees would have complied with a policy that requires open access within 12 months of publication.	4
In contrast to many other countries, where individual universities are developing small-scale 'green' institutional OA repositories, fully funded national-level OA repositories are enabling open scholarship on an extremely large scale in China.	4
Participation of women in institutions of different types and locations was analysed by manually tagging each institution into a specific category.	3
We study the characteristics of the HCR population: productivity, gender bias, career and persistence on the list, collaboration network, and scientific integrity.	1
Downloaded from http://er.aera.net at WEST VIRGINA UNIV on May 3, 2015	0
Besides, and surprisingly, the h-indexes of these academics average 6.4-1.7, values as h low as those of the non-academic economists listed in Table II.	4
Although 55 masters and eight doctoral degrees were conferred from 2005 to 2014, only 28 master's theses and seven doctoral dissertations have been uploaded into Digital Knowledge and were included in the study.	2
To some extent, it is an indicator of how good a model is.	0
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
We then perform a thematic content analysis of the interview data in Section 5, to determine not only whether our findings conform to the model, but also to determine the extent to which there is a need to revise the model to accommodate important research effectiveness themes not included in the provisional model.	3
The WoS database provided a total of 2,805 published items with a reference to silicosis in the research timeframe.	2
In total, we analyze over 11 million papers published from 2000 to 2008.	2
We find that the first coefficient is indeed larger – much larger.	4
The Cosine Index (formula 4) is one of the most popular similarity measures in text processing, used in applications like clustering or data summarization.	3
The Source data was limited to articles, conference proceedings, abstracts, and reviews, and totalled 153,572 records in the period 1995-2010.	2
We chose five anaesthesia journals based on current impact factor.	2
The results provide limited evidence that increased ICT access over time led to increased scientific productivity.	5
This disparity may imply that the skewness in favor of quantitative studies may be restricted to HCAs (see also Bond and Buntins 2018) and/or highly ranked journals as the editors of C&E have expressed that quantitative research dominates the submissions they receive (Twining et al.	5
We conclude that the community of all users is indeed biased towards using publications that are relevant already and also towards using publications that will become relevant soon.	5
Almost all Hr?ak OA journals have publicly available information on editorial boards, including full names and affiliations, and detailed contact information for the editorial office at the Hr?ak website.	4
Thus, 46 per cent of the top-100 journals, ranked according to JIF in the 2019 JCR, all disciplines combined, are branded titles.	4
There is a growing view in conservation science that traditional ways to evaluate publications, researchers, and projects are too slow.	1
We test our predictions on the award decisions of one of the major public funding organizations for scientific research worldwide, the UK's Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC).	2
Additionally, we retrieved a comprehensive list of 13,909 world university names from uniRank (n.d.), none of which was in Chinese.	2
Furthermore, we emphasize the correspondence between the entropy and the diversity with inequality measures, like the Herfindahl-Hirschman index and the Theil index, itself being in the class of entropy measures; the Gini coefficient which also measures the diversity in ranking is calculated for further discussion.	3
2012), were used to retrieve highly cited articles.	3
These results suggest that in-group bias exists in the QJE, but not in the JPE or REStud.	4
Results from a National Study of U.S. Research Universities	1
Funders included in the FA subfield were classified as Spanish (61.3%) or foreign (36.9%) according to their country of origin (3.6% of funders were not classified because there were no data in FA or the data included did not correspond to any funder).	3
Highly cited publications (n = 45) were mostly authored by researchers from US institutions and were quantitative in nature.	4
funding outperform nominees in terms of both the quantity and quality of subsequent scientific production, with a more salient improvement of research performance in developing countries.	4
An academic staff who has served the University for more than one year, available on campus during the study period, and gave informed consent participated in the study.	2
We also randomly selected 75% of our sample as training dataset, and used support vector machines, random forest, and gradient boost supervised learning models on the remaining 25% held-out dataset.	3
This study shows that the majority of detected hijacked journals are within a network of clone journals organized by the same fraudulent individual(s).	5
The Netherlands, Norway, and Poland ranked highest in terms of their OA shares.	4
(e) Determine authorship patterns of publication in predatory OA journals.	1
For the first research question, the later citation counts (September 2017) were correlated against the early Mendeley reader counts (February 2016) separately for each field.	3
To avoid this problem, an insularity statistic is also calculated.	3
A variable is lognormally distributed if the logarithm of the variable is normally distributed.	0
The number of publications from the JCR submitted for evaluation multiplied almost three times (from 15,624 in 2009 to 42,826 in 2016).	4
The network had three distinct modules we have labeled (1) psychological disciplines (developmental, social, and clinical), (2) biological disciplines (e.g.	4
For the purpose of science mapping, the present study employs the Bibliometrix tool (Aria and Cuccurullo, 2017) while for network analysis VOSviewer (van Eck and Waltman, 2010) and Gephi (Bastian et al., 2009) was used.	3
During both periods, the UK published the most RCTs, meta-analyses and systematic reviews.	4
"Cloud" is a metaphor for the internet in the information age.	0
I realize that you could probably be thrown out of your profession for giving those things to children today.	0
With this analysis emerges an obvious improvement in the relative publication output by schools with prioritisation strategies over the past decade (PRA+ m = 0.0065, R2 = 0.81; vs PRA- m = -0.0087, R2 = 0.68) as schools that prioritised research areas increased their market share of annual publications by around 5–8% to the detriment of schools without similar policies.	4
This criterion was used as a surrogate marker of significant United Kingdom involvement and thus presumed to be more comparable as a measure of outputs from United Kingdom research investments.	3
If interdisciplinarity is the gold standard for complex challenges such as research regarding heavy rainfall events, one would have expected a more dynamic growth.	5
This theoretical vantage point describes, explains and predicts how the conditions of interpersonal exchanges promote relationships (Blau, 1964; Homans, 1961), by positing that all human relationships are formed by participants in the relationship, through a subjective cost-benefit analysis and a comparison of alternatives they perceive are available to them (Emerson, 1981).	3
The SAPV and WCS methods agree in most cases at both levels of aggregation on which PM has the closest cognitive distance to the group to be evaluated, whereas the barycenter approaches often differ.	4
The low mean scores on these dimensions indicate that that substance abuse centers have significant room for improvement of their website's.	5
Regression analysis results indicate that it will exceed 2500 publications after 2022.	4
The literature search was carried out on January 6th, 2022.	2
109-282) also requires a single US Government-wide searchable database of all awards and contracts by the end of 2007.	0
Among the development patterns of ERTs and their knowledge bases, Pattern 2 has the greatest potential to become a breakthrough innovation, where the EKB declines but the LKB and ERT continue to develop.	4
Gerontology is viewed by many as a multidisciplinary field of inquiry, but which disciplines have had the greatest impact on research in the field?	1
The 100 top-cited articles were published in a relatively limited number of journals (24 of the 128 journals), and over half of all articles appeared in the Archives of General Psychiatry (Table 2).	4
This and the above observations confirm the seamless integration of the CSS method into the standard toolset of scientometric research evaluation.	5
The USA and European countries were important centers of global international collaboration network, while Iran was isolated from the international community.	4
The statistical software R was used to separate the text from article titles and article abstracts in ngrams.	3
To upgrade the research performance, the involvement of management is imperative, and future action will involve the implementation of a BMI model to increase research productivity.	5
The top three journals which include 20% of all citations were Monthly Weather Review, Journal of the Atmospheric Sciences, and Geophysical Research Letters.	4
IRB approval was not necessary, as our study did not involve human subjects.	0
The University of California System, Kyoto University, and Harvard University were the leading institutions producing literature in this field.	4
In general, our research empirically demonstrates Kuhn's hypothesis of 'essential tension' by using text mining methods and proposing corresponding indexes in the dimensions of “exploitation” and “exploration” respectively.	5
We set out to collect the data on Vietnamese researchers working in social sciences and humanities who have published in Scopus-indexed journals.	2
Data were expressed using descriptive statistics and checked for normal distribution (i.e., Shapiro-Wilk test p-value>0.05).	0
The results of this research offer some important insights into how academic libraries in Spanish-speaking Latin America are responding to new models of scholarly communication and predatory practices.	5
We are grateful for the financial support of the Radiological Society of North America Research and Education Fund and Eastman Kodak Company.	0
Several multivariate regression models were run to find the relationship between productivity and collaboration variables and only relevant models are presented in this paper.	3
The value of coefficient of determination, R2 is 0.7986 i.e.79.86% variation in Journal Influence factor is explained by this regression.	4
The most significant disadvantage and a potential source of error of our approach is the removal of names classified as Asian names.	5
Secondly, when given the useful features of reducing merging errors, it can be utilized to calculate the distribution of merging errors over the name entities of authors; thus it can be used to assess data quality and infer the number of authors.	5
Projects in the competition of young scientists have the largest potential here because term fields that belong to the type I interdisciplinarity strongly affect the information space in them.	4
In the short term, important new results may first primarily enrich the basic research agenda, before implications will begin to appear for clinical research.	5
Articles published through international collaboration have 1.59 times more impact than those published through domestic collaboration.	4
Therefore, logistic regression was applied to explore the relationship between gender composition and the publications' disruption index.	3
The textual analysis of the ‘affiliation’ string permitted to assign the country to the majority of the papers.	0
Research chemists have been notoriously reluctant to accept OA, and the number of OA publications in chemistry is still significantly lower than those in many other disciplines.	4
Details of the studies referred to in Table 1 are as follows:	0
A total of 490 publications were authored by 5031 authors from 934 institutions and 78 countries and published in 119 journals.	4
Analysis was confined to original research and review articles.	2
An adjusted top 50 ranking list was structured using mean values of the 3 rankings.	3
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Analyzing the job histories of tenure-track economists hired by the top 35 US economics departments, we find that T5 publications have a powerful influence on tenure decisions and rates of transition to tenure.	4
The mean originality score was 4.12 (SD = 8.36), with the individual scores ranging from 0 to 71.	4
Even the decrease in the cited half-life of Chemistry and Engineering subjects is obtained, already highlighted by Davis and Cochran (2015).	4
The percentage of OA journals increased from 14.7% in 2011 to 21.9% in 2017 (49% increase).	4
Several journals, including JASIST, SCIENTOMETRICS, and J INF SCI (JIS) are associated with large percentages of distinct authors regardless of their rankings.	4
We hope that the guideline could result in more transparent and accurate reporting of bibliometric reviews.	5
The results of our study are presented in three different sections.	0
We went through the usual process of Normalization of authors names, institutions, scientific disciplines, journal titles and Federal entities.	3
The intent of this article is to use cooperative game theory to predict the level of social impact of scholarly papers created by citation networks.	1
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
It is logical and cost-efficient for institutions and researchers to promote OA by self-archiving publications of restricted access, as it not only allows research to be cited by a broader audience, it also augments citation rates.	5
As previously stated, PoP queries included citations to articles published between 2003 and 2007 in the 69 retained journals.	0
As in the aforementioned article, we use a systematic hierarchical classification of LIS topics, which differentiates among the major fields of LIS research and, furthermore, among subfields thereof.	3
Aki Hosoi for her contribution to data collection and to Carlie Trott for her assistance with manuscript preparation.	0
To assess the academic productivity, impact, and comprehensive abilities of scholars, we employ various metrics including publication count, h-index (Hirsch, 2005), and p-index (Prathap, 2010).	3
During the months of April and May 2012, the PBs in obstetrics (OB-PBs), with publication dates ranging from September 1998 to December 2009 were reviewed.	2
The first reason is that the respective constituents differ (authors vs.	4
From iCite we collected: citations per year (CPY, the average number of annual citations); the relative citation ratio (RCR, the number of citations an article receives to a comparison group within the same field); the field citation ratio (FCR, the number of citations an article has received divided by the average number received by other publications in the same year and the same research field); and number of article pages.	3
The study focuses on TF&SC articles published from 1970 to 2018 using the Scopus database.	2
The correlation between IF values and the results of both CCR models is very high— more than 0.9.	4
The results of multiple logistic regression analysis revealed that only the number of years since publication, type of paper, and scope of the paper's title were significantly associated with the citation status.	4
This methodology is based on information gain or Kullback–Leibler divergence (Kullback and Leibler 1951), in which distributions of a given indicator are compared meaning that the more similar they are, the lesser information gain there is between them.	3
A second analysis was conducted for Research papers only.	3
Our results show that although all inventors benefit from a more central network position within the co-patenting network in terms of their innovation output, the positive influence is greater for male inventors than female inventors.	4
This paper is a unique collection of the bibliometric study and recent development in the field of "fuzzy techniques in big data".	5
Scientific mapping tools, such as keyword co-occurrence mapping, help visualize the intellectual structure of a field.	3
It works in four modules to map the logical sections of research articles to the IMRAD structure.	3
If material is not included in the article's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder.	0
Are there differences between journals in the answer to the above question?	1
By contrast, there is no difference in the number of forward citations received by the published version of the preprint, which is particularly striking since citations could also be negatively affected by author country of origin bias.	4
Comparing peer review and information prizes: A possible economics experiment, Social Epistemology: A Journal of Knowledge, Culture and Policy, 9:1, 49-55, DOI: 10.1080/02691729508578773	0
Based on our findings, we can conclude that most of the current integrated disaster risk research is still in the disciplinary or multidisciplinary stages of research.	5
Papers were taken from three indexes: the Science Citation Index Expanded, the Social Sciences Citation Index, and the Arts and Humanities Citation Index.	2
The results indicate a clear overall pattern of linearity dominance, which pertains to the homo- geneous situation predicted earlier.	4
We conclude with the implications of the findings on Antarctic research.	0
The accelerated pace of creating Nature-branded journals since 2015 coincided with the merger of Nature Publishing Group with Springer that same year, indicating that a more aggressive journal-branding strategy for the Nature trademark was initiated by the giant publisher after the flagship journal came under its umbrella.	4
Geographic distance is estimated to reduce citing articles 0.23% or less across models for each 1% increase in distance.	4
The one-mode network also reveals that departmental rankings are decisive in doctoral exchange.	4
The search limits consisted of date range ("all years" to "present" [21 November 2011]), subject areas (Life Sciences and Health Sciences), and document type (Article, Review, Letter, Editorial, or Short Survey).	2
The two layers are then integrated into a bi-layer network that reflects both the substance of the technologies (i.e., terms) and the social entities (i.e., authors) engaged in their associated R&D.	3
We also discovered that the proportion of acknowledged reviewers from different regions varied, with America, Europe and Oceania having a generally higher proportion than Asia.	4
Building on critical reflections by contributors to the ‘Power Shifts' project within the From Poverty to Power blog, the limitations of the OA model are shown to be tied to a series of structural features characteristic of the twin systems of academic research and publishing.	2
Highlighted authors have published less than 10 papers in the previous five-year periods; anumber of papers published in the respective period; bnumber of authors publishing in the respective period	0
Extreme variation was found in annual output between these authors but case reports, non-prospective clinical studies and narrative reviews predominated.	5
The objective of this study was to assess the publication rate of these mandatory research projects and the factors associated with their publication among residents in a university maternity hospital.	1
For a more detailed description of the algorithm, we refer the reader to (Franceschini et al.	0
School of Library, Archive and Information Studies, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Jerusalem, 91904 (Israel)	0
Therefore, the aim of this manuscript was to examine publication productivity of the Central Asian region by analyzing the number of articles published by each country for the past two decades.	1
Fourth, the knowledge base that each group relies on, which we will term Knowledge Footprint (KFP), is delimited and a co-citation analysis is performed with these footprints to establish the distance between groups (i.e.	3
These interviews created over 1000 pages of transcripts that were then analysed and coded using an inductive coding scheme.	3
Our approach provides the opportunity not only to describe large clusters within the field of marine biodiversity, but also to show how these topical clusters differ in time and across regions.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 11 times since 2019*	0
In contrast, in PLoS One, the difference between OPR and non-OPR regarding citations and altmetrics was not significant, and only the difference between OR (higher) and non-OR articles on altmetrics was significant (Table S4 and Fig.	4
The treatment group comprises all pairs of researchers who were not located in the same building initially but moved to the same building a given year t.	3
The motivation behind this study was to investigate whether funding decisions can be improved by moving away from the convention of deciding on individual proposals towards an approach where the total impact of the selected proposals is considered.	5
It will hence suffice to illustrate how citations to books may complement other analyses on such performance.	0
Authors were ‘satisfied' (40.8%) or 'very satisfied' (57.8%) with translations.	4
In 2010 an agreement was reached with the leading international scientific publisher Elsevier to import a subset of Scopus bibliographic and citation metadata into RISC.	2
On the 1st of March 2022, the top 100 most cited papers regarding endometrial carcinoma published from 1971 to 2021 were identified through searching Web of Science Core Collection database and the following data: title, author, journal, publication year, country and institution were extracted.	2
Research Group VorTIC3, Universidad Rey Juan Carlos, C/Tulipán s/n, 28933 Móstoles, Madrid, Spain	0
More acutely, though, a pattern has been discovered that shows consistent, replicated results in which the predictive validity of scientist's judgments 5 years or under is fairly high and after 5 years becomes extremely low (Shaw 2022, 107).	4
More than half (60%) of all connections were interdisciplinary, and more than two-thirds of connections were between fellows from different cohorts (i.e., cross-cohort; Table 1).	4
Our temporal analysis of distinctive events in this R&D area, tracing trends within both bibliographic information sources, is driven by three bibliometric indicators: (1) contributions of ‘bridging researchers' who are also inventors, (2) 'key papers' that subject experts in the field considered milestones in the research process, and (3) the multidisciplinary impact of those papers.	3
The present study uses bibliometrics and applies network analysis method in order to visualize co-authorship networks and answer the following research question: "What is the macro-topological structure of co-authorship social network of countries in the field of nuclear science and technology?"	1
The purpose of this paper is to understand individual academics' perception, attitudes and participation in Open Access Publishing and open scholarship and revisit some principles and designs of openness in academic publishing from the perspective of creative end-users, which helps to increase the sustainability and efficiency of open models.	1
We performed a hierarchical cluster analysis (HCA) using Ward's method (Ward 1963) for both the document co-citation and semantic similarity adjusted document co-citation matrices.	3
An interview schedule intentionally appropriated the jargon deployed by HEFCE and the research councils in describing 'impact'.	3
used mass spectrometry data together with a large-scale analysis of structures of protein complexes to examine the fundamental steps of protein assembly.	3
The largest number of articles related to paracetamol poisoning was from the United States (US; 30.39%), followed by India (10.75%) and the United Kingdom (UK; 9.36%).	4
The number of peer-reviewed articles published by the PI were obtained from the Estonian Research Information System (www.etis.ee), which is detailed academic CV or academic database of all academics working in Estonia.	2
The UK has an odds ratio, which is close to one, but not negative.	4
It analyzes the number of international collaboration papers and their citations according to different international economic collaboration types, the number of countries at different economic levels, and the economic situations of first or corresponding authors.	1
RQ3: To what extent do external hyperlinks on different types of health news websites refer to health-related content?	1
We used content analysis to identify themes inductively through constant comparison and used Microsoft Office (Word, Excel) to manage data [13, 14].	3
Table 1 shows that the strongest correlation between citation sentiment and CiteScore occurs for open-access journals, with Spearman correlation coefficient at the 0.27 level (p < 0.01), whereas there is no correlation between citation sentiment scores and journal citation impact for closed-access journals.	4
The average number of citations received for any article was 0.7.	4
Chinese science and technology journals should learn from the successful endeavours of developed countries in order to promote OA in China.	5
The selected publications have been clustered into six groups based on the similarity of the reference list.	4
Our findings have several limitations: Since our SEM was based on survey data of PIs and spokesperson of RC, we can only make statements about the determinants of the investigated four collaboration problems in the context of collaboration at the cluster level (i.e., PIs and spokespersons).	5
Analysis of the publishing patterns of AIM senior fellows reveals research cliques and publication silos rather than a network organization.	4
Predicted citations for the average article comparing subscription articles with author-choice open-access articles.	0
The Scopus database was utilized as the bibliographic source, and a search strategy was implemented to identify relevant research articles.	2
We compute an assortativity coefficient to understand the extent to which authors in similar types of organizations collaborate.	3
As shown in table 1, the exclusion of materials and methods sections significantly lowered the similarity index, but as outlined in fig.	4
The fact that journals published CRs lowered their IF in most instances, confirming our hypothesis.	5
The paper is structured as follows: Section 2 briefly discusses some of the most recent policy issues related to universities in Europe.	0
The search was performed for publications made in 2015, the overwhelming majority of which has been already input into Scopus.	2
The outcomes underline the significant growth of ESWA through time.	5
Trends are smoothed by fitting a generative additive model (GAM) to the data.	0
The results for the alternative measures are shown in Figure 6.	0
The final dataset was created by linking the citation metrics from the Scopus database to the AAS dataset by fellows' full names.	3
This result is in contrast to the Scientometrics analysis previously published by Bornmann and Tekles (Scientometrics 120(1):331–336, 2019) based on the original disruption index (DI?).	4
Based on the subject category of the journal (determined by TR) of the publication, the papers were categorized in broader disciplines such as Physics, Medicine, Chemistry and Biology (see Table 1).	2
In 2019 and 2020, German research institutions and publishers Wiley and Springer Nature closed the so-called DEAL agreements to facilitate open access publishing for researchers with German affiliation.	1
The metadata for articles published for each journal was extracted from WOS to create a parent article data set for each journal (Woods et al., 2020b).	3
The task is onerous because some authors, during different times in their careers, represent themselves with different name variations.	0
This article takes 43,753 patents collected in the Derwent database from 2011 to 2020 as data samples and studies the intellectual structure and evolution of the three-dimensional (3D) printing field in two time periods of 2011-2015 and 2016-2020.	1
This study showed that numbers of journal publications by residents were positively associated with their clinical performance assessment scores during residency training.	5
The conceptual diversity was determined by computation of occurrences of economic terms or concepts in a title with reference to the economics glossary which contained 3,831 entries (Deardorff and Alan 2013).	3
This study has provided insights of the research productivity and scholarly impact of Tanzanian academic librarians for a period of 30 years from 1984 to 2013.	5
The main sectors of application of the studies conducted by Brazilian researchers in the area of information science are: information and S&T management; education; undergraduate and graduate education; recreational, cultural, artistic and sportive products and services; economic policy and public administration; computers; continuing education, including special and distance education; activities database; development program (software); urban development; newspaper, magazines, books, records, tapes, video and movies industries; labour market and work in hand.	4
Using Belgium as a baseline of a Western academic environment with almost zero quantification and comparing it with United Kingdom, where quantification is extremely prominent,13 allows us to reveal quantification's working dynamics and its two main effects.	2
There are further reasons for computer simulation that we will discuss later.	0
A search strategy for the Web of Science database was designed using MeSH defined terms for 10 index neonatal surgical conditions, with output analyzed over two time-periods.	2
The present paper examines the international coauthorship network of six different disciplines, covering sciences and social sciences, for generalization purpose.	1
Excel 2019 and VOSviewer were used to collect the data, and visual information was obtained.	3
An extensive questionnaire survey that addressed about 600 editorial boards of specialized journals was performed.	3
Recognizing that a pure analysis of citation quantity by author, institution, and country is not sufficient to identify research trends, the current paper also attempts to analyze the content of PA and aging research by providing analysis of the topics covered in highly cited articles.	3
DeepCCP mainly uses the degree sequence to encode the primary structure of the citation network, and then utilizes recurrent neural network (GRU) and convolutional network to further capture the potential structure and temporal information of the citation network.	3
Centre for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden University, Leiden, The Netherlands	0
Of respondents, 9% became department chairs, 26% became full professors, 82% received at least 1 subsequent research grant, and 66% served as PI on a subsequent research grant after receiving their NREF awards.	4
Researchers with more recent results are ranked higher.	4
A similar trend is also observed for the number of addresses and number of countries represented in the byline of an article.	4
Out of these 377,336 records, only 335,503 records had a DOI.	2
We use the credibility cycle as introduced by Latour and Woolgar (1986) as an analytical tool to study the research practices of research groups with and without excellence funding.	3
Also, the study observed high mortality in Vibrio outbreaks during 1990-1999 (29080 deaths), and 2010-2019 (386606 deaths) compared to 2000-2009 (7705 deaths) (Kruskal-Wallis, p < 0.05).	4
To what extent has this training informed their understanding of open access, and influenced their publishing practices?	1
Hence, at least from a bibliometric standpoint, this concentration of research funding in the hands of a minority of researchers brings no clear collective advantages in terms of output and impact, suggesting that such funding policies might not be efficient.	5
The number of articles acknowledging domestic (within China) and international (between Mainland China and other countries) cooperation in 2017 increased by almost seven-fold (281 vs 41) and eight-fold (289 vs 38) respectively.	4
Therefore, citation analysis studies can be empowered with an additional perspective, from which unobtrusive differences in citation behavior patterns among different scientific communities (e.g., physics vs.	5
This suggests that TLH, which is the sum of LPH and LEH, depicts correlation coefficients in the middle range below LPH and above LEH.	4
The topic characteristics of the article reflect the semantic content of the article.	5
Study data, including collaboration information, was captured through progress reports and compiled using the web-based analytic database: Interdisciplinary Team Reporting, Analysis, and Query Resource.	2
Intriguingly, the nonlinear component unveils a downward-concave relationship between connectivity and idea success.	4
Technological prospection in Brazilian (INPI), US (USPTO), European (EPO) and World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) patent bases shows a low number of technologies (10 patent applications) related to passion fruit peel flour.	4
be useful to dermatologists, researchers, teachers and postgraduate students in evaluating the published research and status of the journal.	0
Similarly, Chinese Academy of Sciences was the most significant contributor in this field of research.	4
The causes of increased authorship and possible undeserved authorship is highly speculated and debated.	5
There was a strong positive correlation between OA proportion and impact factor; IJGC – r(23)=0.90, p<0.001, Gynecologic Oncology – r(23)=0.89, p<0.001.	4
In this study, we used the academic database ScienceDirect as a data source towards the investigation for the following reasons.	2
Using Clarivate's Journal Citation Reports, it is possible to filter fully OA journals (there is currently no possible OA in hybrid filtering).	2
My findings demonstrate two main choices regarding the design of bibliometric research assessments.	5
Our research reveals that disruptive innovation significantly enhances societal visibility, increasing it by 11.96% compared to consolidating innovation.	4
A total of 133 responses were analyzed from students at 12 Colombian cities and 20 higher-education institutions.	2
These services include firstly, the CEDA Archive (www.archive.ceda.ac.uk); a collection of UK environmental data which is archived for long-term use.	2
Therefore, there is no solid evidence for an OA Publication Advantage, nor for an OA Publication Disadvantage.	5
An ablation study is performed to evaluate the importance of different decisions for department ranking.	3
Our method has evident policy implications and gives a contribution for the future design of assessment exercises.	5
Randomized clinical trials were the most frequent neurology study type in general medicine journals (519 [47.3%]).	4
The dependent variable in all regression models is national scientific performance, which is operationalized using Elsevier's fractional field weighted citation index (Frac_FWCI).	3
This study highlights the importance of promoting a collegial environment with a high degree of autonomy to foster discovery-driven research and underscores the potential risks of the “publish or perish” culture prevalent in academia.	5
Being male and working in a male-dominated discipline are the two most influential predictors of the same-sex collaboration ratio, followed by working in a research-intensive university.	5
To measure the scientific output linked to the RIS, we identified the members of the network's research groups appearing on its website in September 2021 (https://redris.es), also including in our analysis certain groups which were part of the RIS throughout the period analysed.	3
Respondents distinguished between the knowledge that they create for the host organisation and that which they produce for academia.	4
To sum up, study 2 provides the additional evidence for the hypothesized connections between English skills and DN on the one side and DN and research productivity on the other as baseline connections appear to be statistically significant.	4
As seen from these data, 97% of in-text citation occurrences in the Background section, 93% in the Related Studies/Literature Review section, and 84% found in the Introduction section, functioned as nonessential (i.e.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 63(12):2433-2450, 2012	0
The following two subsections will refer to some of these complementary aspects, which are more directly linked to the quality of human life.	0
News outcomes and quantifies the inherent “noise" in the rankings for all nationally ranked universities.	1
The overall retraction rate was 0.19%, with most of them (29; 80.56%) from the United Kingdom.	4
The material includes articles published between January 1, 2006 and December 31, 2010 in journals classified under the subject category forestry in the 2010 Journal Citation Report (accessed via ISI's WoS).	2
We retrieved all data from the SJR database.	2
Indeed, developed and developing countries often focus on different research areas.	0
I examined various STEMM collaboration case studies, bibliometric data trends in STEMM collaboration, and Australian government legislation and responses to perceived foreign influence including the UFIT Guidelines.	2
However, by examining articles where the authors paid an article processing charge, we found that cost itself was not predictive of citation rates (p=0.14).	4
The research question that drives this study is: "What is the motivation behind the publication success of high ranked Malaysian scientists?”.	1
Of those, 355 respondents from 217 institutions completed the survey, of which 324 had been at their institution three years or longer, resulting in a useable response rate of 4.6%.	2
In this study, following the method of direction change calculation used by Yu et al. (2021) and Huang et al. (2022a), we use the cosine similarity algorithm to calculate the similarity of the research portfolio of both awardees and nominees in our examination period.	3
We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms of scholarship.	0
Analysing over 750 major discoveries in science, we find that about 83% have been extended using new methods and evidence, about 16% have not been extended, whereas only in a few exceptional cases—1%—has a discovery been abandoned.	4
It is recommended that IR managers in South Africa must consider the recommendations of the Ministerial Committee on the development of indigenous African languages as mediums of instruction in higher education, and collect and populate African languages content based on those recommendations.	5
The second indicator is the ‘Mean field normalized citation score’ (MNCS), the average number of citations for publications of a unit normalized for differences between fields (WoS subject categories), publication years, and document types.	3
These results suggest that male doctoral students are more collaborative, have more external collaborators, and co-author more papers with their supervisors than female doctoral students, and that these factors, to a large extent, explain the observed productivity differences between males and females during doctoral studies.	5
The statistical population was all Iranian publications of COVID-19, which were extracted from LitCovid in February 2021.	2
Downloaded from csc.sagepub.com at ATHABASCA UNIV LIBRARY on December 4, 2016	0
A study of disciplinary competitiveness, based on higher education internationalization, can be helpful in answering such questions.	1
This paper tackled the issue of reputation manipulation in innovation and knowledge exchange communities.	5
We utilize two main network techniques, knowledge element coupling network (concurrence-based) and paper citation network (citation-based) analyses, to measure scientific relatedness and intellectual base, respectively.	3
Physicists have used cold atomic gases to simulate quantum phenomena that we normally associate with much more complex systems, such as solid-state materials.	1
The results and discussion are illustrated in the fourth part before our conclusions.	0
Generally, the AIRank method has a better performance when applying the bridge counts to measure the positions of scholars in the network.	4
Although over 96% of the authors are affiliated with Russia or with former Soviet republics, the journal is published in Russian and translated versions and the translated version is prepared simultaneously with the original.	4
The citation data for scholars are from the Google Scholar profile (https://scholar.google.ca/), which is considered to be the most comprehensive source when compared against other major sources of citation data including the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS), Scopus, Microsoft Academic, and Dimensions (e.g., Martín-Martín et al., 2021).	2
Many IRs name creative work as acceptable content, and many of the sample IRs include content from performance-based disciplines.	4
The database was interrogated in order to identify the collaborative patterns of South African researchers.	3
A longitudinal analysis presents that the proportion of transdisciplinary publications shows a slightly increase trend for years.	4
The data used in this analysis have been extracted from Thomas Reuters' Web of Science database (henceforth WoS) in June 2013, and include all regular articles, review articles, and letters authored by researchers affiliated with Aarhus University available for the year 2009.	2
The information provided in this paper suggests which fields of research are prominent in periodontology.	5
e0.023), but not so remarkable as for private researchers.	4
The lg-lg plots (double logarithmic) of the upper tail of the citation distribution showed an exponential decrease, so the logarithmically transformed frequencies decreased linearly.	3
Discrepancies in search results from Scopus, Google Scholar, PubMed and ResearchGate have previously been reported, consistent with discrepancies between different databases presented here.	5
Journal of Applied Econometrics published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.	0
by (30), PP(θ?) is a concave function of PP(θ?) and that, if θ?	4
Node centrality metrics (Table 4) were calculated for the undirected authorship network (Fig 3) including eigenvector centrality, strength, betweenness, closeness and degree (S5 Table).	4
For published articles, additional data-points including study population size, journal impact factor, number of citations and evidence level (Oxford CEBM “Levels of Evidence” hierarchy) to applicable articles were collected.	3
We then defined three structural metrics of the knowledge system: equality, resilience, and efficiency.	3
Extracted decision tree from data for the detection of hijacked journals.	0
After work hour restrictions were implemented, the mean number of publications increased from 1.21 to 5.10 (P < .0001).	4
percent = number of records in relation to total number of publications	0
The publication type was confined to articles and reviews, thereby providing 152,528 publications and 586,794 scholars (without disambiguation).	2
Data were obtained from the Information Database Platform of Shanghai Institute for Biological Sciences, Chinese Academy of Sciences on 2013-08-15.	2
2 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 2013	0
For instance, the keywords used in systematic search are “mixture model" and "finite mixture model."	2
For hypotheses testing we employ non-parametric methods for comparing medians which are more robust against non-normality (Mann-Whitney and Kruskal-Wallis).	3
This research reveals substantial gender disparities in the collaboration patterns of Polish scientists.	5
Hypothesis 2 was thus rejected: the gender of the scholar and the geographic region where the scholar was based had no empirically verifiable effect on their scientific output in terms of relative productivity.	4
5, 46.7% (21 out of 45 researchers) have Greek and foreign affiliations while publishing continuously during the last 9 years, 90.5% of whom have more than 50% of their publications affiliated with Greece (Fig.	4
Compared to their colleagues in many other disciplines, LIS faculty are less likely to have paid an article processing fee to publish in an open-access journal (only 8% of those respondents who have published in an open-access journal indicate that they paid a fee to do so).	4
Results show that: (1) 6 major types and 14 specific error types are identified.	4
The study aims to find out the trends in publications and citations, prominent countries, affiliations and the status of authors, the prominent topics, and the thematic characteristics of these topics, as well as research interests and trends.	1
If we separately analyse each of the 101 JCR categories (Fig.	4
The National Institutes of Health Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools Expenditures and Results (NIH RePORTER) was queried to collect grant information on surgery department R01 grants ending in years 2006 to 2016.	2
Discipline-specific IFs in these journals vary greatly, for example, between 18 and 46 for Nature.	4
Then, we measure interdisciplinarity of a field by Reference Diversity Index.	3
Table 2 Number and percentage of the researchers using a publication type within 4 years	0
A natureza da pesquisa é quali-quantitativa, com caráter bibliográfico, exploratório, descritivo e documental a partir de dados obtidos no Catálogo de Teses e Disserta??es da CAPES, na Plataforma Lattes e no Diretório de Grupos de Pesquisa do Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico (CNPq), na Base de Dados Web of Science da Clarivate Analytics e na Base de Dados Scopus da Editora Elsevier.	2
The data of this paper is from Web of Science, which is recognized as one of the most authoritative index tools of science and technology literature in the world and can provide the most important research results in the field of science and technology.	2
The PA and aging research field has recently attracted increased attention.	5
We study the evolution of the Mexican community of researchers active in the field of informetrics studies in the period 1971-2018.	1
A significant negative correlation between price levels and income levels was found, which is in contrast to the Penn effect shown in the general price level [10].	5
According to the findings, throughout the history of hospitality management, international collaboration levels are relatively low.	4
Automated analysis of the bibliography may surface fingerprints pointing to research integrity issues.	3
Figure 1: Reasons for Citing in 2014 according to the Five-Category Scheme	0
The number of highly cited papers in China Mainland is increasing year by year.	4
To conclude, the expectation that 25 % of a researcher's publications are published in first-quartile journals is valid under the following two conditions: (1) All journals covered in Web of Science publish the same or similar number of publications; (2) All publications of the researcher are published in different journals.	5
The remainder of this article is organised as follows: Section 2 introduces the research work.	0
The authors found 14 research topics for COVID-19 research.	4
Note: Ns varied from 177 to 332 depending on the variables paired (e.g., only a subset of articles was followed for 10 years).	0
This study is helpful in gaining knowledge regarding literature, role and contributions of institutions, countries, authors and citations of the research publications in the field of digital library.	5
7, the vast majority, 97%, of all visits to national (Finnish and Swedish) language articles are by survey participants from Finland.	4
Based on our findings, we can conclude that OA articles led by the United Sates obtained more social media attentions than China from overall level; however, this social media attention is different to academic exchange.	5
We used the AHPRA database to determine if the chief investigator (CIA) was a medical practitioner.	3
In the Financial Crisis research, the Financial crisis of 2007–2008, Greek government-debt crisis of 2009, eurozone crisis of 2010 gave rise to an explosive growth.	5
From the top 15 countries, Sweden, the Netherlands and Switzerland contributed the most articles per inhabitant during both time periods.	4
The bibliometric evaluation comprises two procedures [20]: performance analysis and science mapping.	3
The VOSviewer software (version 1.6.15 (0)) (Van Eck & Waltman, 2010) was used to create and visualise them.	3
This has to do with the significant increase in China's R&D investment in the last 10 years and the government's strategy to develop into an 'innovative nation'.	5
Based on a newly constructed set of indicators, and using purpose-collected budgetary data from major pan-European R&D initiatives and other R&D statistics, we apply this framework empirically to the process of Europeanisation of publicly funded R&I.	2
A descriptive analysis was conducted based on articles published in highly ranked public health journals in 2016.	2
In this brief communication, we present both a global map with the functionality of a Google Map (zooming, etc.) and network maps based on normalized relations.	1
Bevins also stated that during the period April 1946–July 1954 the Department had made grants totalling ￡1,621,700 to the universities for the construction of high-energy particle-accelerating machines for nuclear physics research, and that grants of ￡747,200 had so far been made for running costs during the period August 1952–July 1957.	0
The current study utilized Halliday and Matthiessen's (2014) simplified system of conjunction as the annotation scheme.	3
The overall proportion of OA in our study is higher than in similar studies, but only half of gold OA papers are accessible via PubMed directly.	5
In particular, it investigates whether and in which conditions relationships established during extended periods of co-location in one organisation play a relevant role in the subsequent knowledge exchange activities of the mobile scientists.	1
The data was divided by OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development) area of knowledge (Natural Science, Engineering & Technology, Agriculture, Medicine & Health, Social Sciences and Humanities).	2
All this makes us question the usefulness and precision of the correlation analyses of AutLMs within a discipline that have not taken into account inter-author or intra-author variability to model the multidimensional impact of authors.	5
We also documented temporal trends towards a recent increase in the effect of journal Impact Factor and number of authors on citations.	4
New models and typologies of serendipity should account for the temporal dimension, examining how unexpectedness at different points in the research process can be analyzed.	5
Conclusion: The journal has managed, in very few years, to be considered by researchers worldwide.	5
Multivariate logistic regression was applied to control the confounders for the factors that were found to be significantly associated in the univariate analysis.	3
These are subsequently scaled up to the level of 174 countries and 27 disciplines between 2005 and 2017.	3
There are two types of information discussed and analyzed as to whether journals are kept or lost here, background information and information about technical aspects of the journals.	3
Significant differences between the slopes across the five quantiles were found for all three datasets (Dataset 1: F [4, 1,520,965]=27,824.99, p<.001; Dataset 2: F [4, 1740]=73.22, p < .001; Dataset 3: F [4, 20,294]=1211.77, p<.001).	4
Utilizing the generated list of PubMed identification numbers for this cohort of articles, we determined citation counts through the National Institutes of Health (NIH)-developed iCite database.	3
a The phenomenally large value was a result of the dwindling size of Journal of Genetics before it ceased publication in 1977.	0
Are there any differences of research performance for academic engagement with industry in developing and developed economies?	1
WHO data from Global Health Estimates on Disability-Adjusted Life Years (DALYs) is used as the indicator of disease burden, and the number of publications on Web of Science as the proxy measure of research efforts.	2
The “proceedings paper” genre refers to articles that have been previously presented in a conference.	0
(Submitted July 20, 1992; sent for revision January 18; received and accepted March 5, 1993)	0
For the citation analysis, two parameters were calculated: local citation score (LCS) and global citation score (GCS).	3
The observed digital libraries were freely accessible collections of scientific materials (e.g., PubMedCentral, arXiv, Cite-Seer).	0
Downloaded from www.worldscientific.com by UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA @ DAVIS on 01/27/15.	0
It includes two visualization types: cluster and timeline.	3
In this paper, we first ask whether dominant authorship guidelines, and the ICMJE guidelines in particular, embody a conceptualisation of scientific practice that aligns with the governance of research in non-academic settings.	1
Linear regression demonstrates that pre-interventional familiarity score (B: -0.403; 95%CI: -0.797 – -0.010; p-value=0.045) and practice score (B: -0.861; 95%CI: -1.253 – -0.468; p-value < 0.001) were negative predictors of MD in characteristics score.	4
We see from the matrix in Table 2 that 71.01 % of the cells is non-empty (excluding the diagonal).	4
Received 8 February 2000; received in revised form 5 April 2000; accepted 9 April 2000	0
The first overlay has been made utilising data corresponding to Spanish patent activity, collected from the PATSTAT database of the European Patent Office (EPO) by using the address of applicants as selection criteria.	2
It was first issued in 1981 by Haworth Press and has always been a peer-reviewed scholarly journal covering all aspects of sci-tech librarianship, including physical sciences, engineering, clinical investigation, and agriculture.	0
To calculate the propensity score on how likely an institution is to receive a CTSA, and to properly assign the hypothetical years that institutions in the non-CTSA group would have started receiving CTSAs, we first checked the CTSA Funding Opportunity Announcement (FOA) and identified four major criteria that may have affected the selection of the CTSA-receiving institutions (Table 1).	3
We aimed to explore how far it was legitimate and feasible to assess the impact of health research by using bibliometric methods through a series of generations of citing papers.	1
Particularly, these topics are useful sources of reference terms for CCs where citations are made to refer to whole statements.	5
Furthermore, we conducted univariable- and multivariable-adjusted linear regression analyses to explore associations of rank of cited articles, mean number of annual citations, and total citations with traditional (journal impact factor, CiteScore) and alternative (PlumX) metrics.	3
Our empirical methodology makes use of bibliometric data and is based on the identification of patent-publication pairs (PPPs).	3
This study investigates factors associated with resident research publications over an 18-year period.	5
For this reason, the word “knowledge organization” was searched in the titles, abstracts and keywords articles.	2
MS Excel 2007 software was employed for data collection, and SAS 9.2 was used for statistical analyses.	3
International in scope, this journal provides its diverse readership with weekly coverage of major advances in physics and cross-disciplinary developments.	0
In the case of HCPs, international collaborations between cities are less dependent on the effect of geographical proximity.	4
With the recognition that epigenetic modifications have a key role in atherosclerosis, the number of publications related to atherosclerosis in the epigenetic field began to increase every year from 1995 to 2020.	5
Based on the respondents who admitted having committed research misconduct, 9 (3.8 %) admitted to plagiarism, 22 (9.3%) to data falsification, 9 (3.8%) to data fabrication, and 60 (25.3%) respondents admitted to violation of authorship rules.	4
We select as high-impact authors those with h-indices greater than or equal to ten, in order to better analyze high-impact authors and identify how their careers developed before and after PhD graduation.	2
2014a), the research environments were surveyed for the degree of presence of the various characteristics (a five-degree scaling was used to collect information).	3
The time frame is set from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2021, because this period corresponds to the outbreak and spread of the COVID-19 virus, during which a significant number of related policy documents were issued.	2
For all 2172 surgeons, the average h-index was 11.0, average total publications was 40.1, and average publications per year in the preceding 5 years was 2.45.	4
To address the main objective of this study, we used the Best-Worst Scaling (BWS) method in conjunction with latent class analysis.	3
The proposed method could be used by funding agencies, universities and scientific policy decision makers for hiring and funding purposes, and to complement existing methods to rank universities and countries.	5
The original articles about robotic surgery were extracted from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E) on Web of Science and analyzed concerning their distributions.	2
This paper provides more systematic evidence on how the scientist's productivity, research field and links to the editors in charge determine the composition of the editorial board in leading economics journals.	5
To clearly visualize the PPC, we have drawn a TP versus faculty strength plot in Figure 1.	0
In our study, we only consider publications between 1990 and 2019 (inclusive) whose discipline is specified as AI according to MAG, and whose type is specified as either a conference or a journal paper.	2
The direction of their research efforts was durably imprinted by their training experience.	4
There were 94 participants, including 43 faculty scholars, 13 principal investigators, 30 non-principal investigator primary mentors, and 8 program administrators.	2
Figure 4a graphically illustrates the result, suggesting that papers with higher originality scores are significantly more likely to be highly cited in the future.	4
Based on similarities of the research area as well as the frequency distribution of the number of papers (see Table 2 in "Appendix”), we reclassified the 31 themes of oral presentations into seven topics of research: (a) ageing, health and mortality, (b) data and methods, (c) economic and policy issues, (d) fertility and family, (e) history, development and environment, (f) migration, and (g) life course.	3
The United States had the highest number of articles (59).	4
Finally, I analyzed 260 citing articles including 310 citation contexts.	2
a 'subject matter' (in Kuhn's terms) or a set of intended applications (in structuralist terms).	4
We would like to thank the anonymous reviewers and the editor for their valuable comments and suggestions.	0
In this exploratory study we aim to: (1) Investigate how consistently a scoring rubric for rigor and relevance has been used to assess research quality of software engineering studies; (2) Explore the relationship between rigor, relevance and citation count.	1
* SU(subject) and TS(topic) are the field tags used by the CNKI and the WoS, respectively	0
The reference retrieval module shows its effectiveness on searching papers published early and papers with high citation frequencies which is what we expected.	5
We quantify the latter through data of Higher Education expenditure on Research & Development (HERD), which we obtained from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD, www.oecd.org).	2
However, women were slightly more visible with regard to citations, readership, and tweets.	4
This exploration serves as a pivotal reference for understanding the global research landscape and future trends in healthcare TQM, particularly in guaranteeing quality and safety.	5
The Scopus author ID was adopted as the unique identifier of each researcher, resulting in 106,992 distinct author IDs.	2
Using interactions involving the four most popular hashtags for paleontology on Twitter over one month's time, this study sought to address the following research questions: 1) Who are the members of this social world and how do they influence and control the flow of information?	1
* Based on a presentation at MLA '06, the 106th Annual Meeting of the Medical Library Association; Phoenix, AZ; May 21, 2006.	0
A total of three surveys were conducted throughout the workshop process: one during registration for interested participants, one prior to the workshop, and one after the workshop.	3
From these 182 journals we identified 3996 articles involving 2001 unique authors for this analysis.	2
The results are organized by the four variables of the classification.	0
As a second case study, we use a dataset from table 5 of Galam (Table 2)?.	2
For the case of k = 3 clusters, the tier placement of conferences based on CCA agrees for 8 out of 9 conferences with the tier placement based on the rankings.	4
Each publication included in the sample was thematically classified according to the journal in which it was published.	2
The mean number of errors in cited reference and in-text citations was 2.7 per article, and the mean number of errors per journal was 690.	4
Collaborative articles accounted for 83 percent of the papers.	4
PhD graduates, supervised by eminent mentors with extensive overseas experiences, can enjoy a significant advantage in managing precarity and domestic social capital through mentors' impacts on international mobility.	4
Further investigations concerning the impact of the selection process on the scientometric impact indicators are in progress.	0
Honest error: defined as mistakes on the part of the author or publisher leading to publishing in error or unreliable data.	3
"Antarctic*” was searched as a topic for all years of publication between 1993 and 2012.	2
Panama has nearly 100 scientific journals that are not taken into account by the SCI-EXPANDED.	5
mentions) of ecological articles on OnSMP are positively associated with: (1) collaboration (i.e.	1
Thus, the total number of papers is reduced to 644,824 papers, that is, 55.8% of the total.	2
We extracted author information from all articles published in the AJNR (www.ajnr.org) between January 1, 2013, and December 31, 2017.	2
This set consists of 21 interviews with persons in charge or concerned with internationalization of research and funding at their respective institutions, that is, research funders, research organizations, and ministries for foreign affairs or S&T.	2
In contrast, internationality and independence are more constant, in general, whereas the differences between the two researched groups of Ph.D.	4
Based on a survey of 705 members of the German Economic Association (GEA), we find a strong interrelationship between perceived journal reputation and relevance where a journal's perceived relevance has a stronger effect on its reputation than vice versa.	2
Contributors: Apoor Gami and Victor Montori conceived the study and acquired and analyzed the data.	0
For an exhaustive commentary and bibliography on studies that compare the coverage and bibliometric indicators available in the previously mentioned databases (especially for studies that involve Google Scholar), we refer to Halevi et al.	0
The study clearly shows that research and funding organisations must consider disciplinary differences when formulating research integrity policies.	5
This study's data include published articles of Iranian scholars in four subjects of NBIC.	2
Our dataset contains ratings of applicants (assessees) for teaching positions in SPS during the school years 2008–09 through 2012–13.	2
We matched these papers with the corresponding JEL codes listed in EconLit.	2
Purpose This paper aims to present an overview of the research groups on life cycle assessment (LCA) in Brazil to (i) characterize these groups, including their constitution, geographical distribution, and the nature of the institutions to which they are connected; (ii) classify the groups according to the knowledge areas and identify the existing interdisciplinarity between research lines; (iii) identify collaborative relationships between the groups; and (iv) determine the main focus of interest and applicability of the studies and activities developed.	1
To consider author position, a characteristic index of scholarly activity that assigns weight was utilized.	3
While many studies have reported on post-retraction citations, few have focused on citations made before the retraction.	1
Specifically, we aim to demonstrate the value of longevity in academic perceptions of research impact, including but not reducible to the pains and pitfalls of impact as a funding requirement.	1
First, we demonstrate how strongly volatile IFs are due to a single or a few papers, and how frequently this occurs: Thousands of journals are seriously affected every year.	5
Journals and researchers with a focus on Endodontology would have more influence if they were to set-up their own social media profiles and thus enhance their visibility and social impact by immediately sharing research findings and communicating with their network and audience.	5
We compared the proportion of funding for diseases with their respective contribution to the disease burden in India measured as disability-adjusted life years (DALYs) in the year 2010 as computed by GBD 2015.	3
Disclosure forms provided by the authors are available with the online version of this article as supplemental material.	0
RQ1: Do large publishing consortia produce higher impact research?	1
In the current work we have applied a new bibliometric approach to measure scientific specialization at the regional and provincial levels of the Italian public research system.	5
COVID-19 papers had a higher probability of being cited since their publication (OR: 4.97; 95%CI: 1.63-15.10).	4
We construct an establishment-level collaboration dataset based on the Institute of Intellectual Property (IIP) patent database (Goto and Motohashi 2007).	2
On the other hand, accounting and management information systems and human resource management are the topics with the lowest publication record by Latin-American institutions.	5
This study reports on the prevalence of OA publishing in orthopaedic research and compares benchmark citation indices as well as evidence quality derived from OA journals with conventional subscription based orthopaedic journals.	1
EU27 and USA leadership in fruit and vegetable research: a bibliometric study from 2000 to 2009	1
The survey used an egocentric network design to gather relational data through social network questions that asked respondents to name the closest members of their professional network alters including the names of dissertation chair, postdoctoral supervisor, mentors, individuals with whom they regularly discuss teaching issues, individuals who are closest research collaborators, and individuals with whom they discuss university or department issues.	3
Since implementation, the authors have (1) seen a marked increase in the number of publications citing VICTR support, (2) captured at a more granular level the relationship between specific resources/ services and scientific output, (3) increased awareness of VICTR's scientific portfolio, and (4) increased efficiency in complying with annual National Institutes of Health progress reports.	4
WoS, the frequently used source database for the study of scientific outputs, has been widely used for the bibliometric analysis in different fields.	2
The Canadian Journal of Forest Research is the most diversified, while Tree Genetics and Genomes, Silvae Genetica and Tree-ring Research are narrowly specialized.	4
In the results of the cluster analysis based on rankings and publication performance, Bo?azi?i, Hacettepe, ?Tü, ODTü, Gebze Teknik, and ?YTE were separated from other state universities.	4
Journal catalogue of eLIBRARY.RU now includes 12,975 active Russian periodicals, only 4847 of them being indexed in RISC.	4
The results show that a high number of the analysed researchers only had a profile in Google Scholar Citations (159), or only in Google Scholar Citations and ResearchGate (142).	4
This paper analyzes a set of weblogs of one of the Library Genesis mirrors, provided to us by one of the service's administrators.	1
Conflicts of interest are listed at the end of this article.	0
In 1988, Ajiferuke, Burell and Tague introduced the collaborative coefficient (CC).	3
Data on total and annual publications, citations, impact factors, Hirsch (H)-index, citation times, most prolific authors, and frequently published journals were collected for quantitative and qualitative comparison.	3
Analysis and interpretation of data: Fogelholm, Leppinen, Nuutinen, Auvinen, Raitanen, and V??n?nen.	0
Below, we present the methods for quantifying interdisciplinarity in general and cognitive science research.	0
The entire corpus is divided into six time spans with a five-year interval: 1956–1990, 1991–1995, 1996–2000, 2001–2005, 2006-2010, and 2011-2014.	3
The analysis of knowledge structure based on the last 20 years of scholarly articles on obesity can give a big picture of what has been done as well as suggest future research directions.	5
What is the most prevalent mode of knowledge production in international scientific collaboration?	1
The newly proposed features are: (1) variant of In-text Citation count (2) Figure counts, (3) Table counts, and (4) subheading implicit mapping.	3
The second collection, PubMed, was taken from the PubMed articles made available by the Déjà vu project.	2
The IRT model incorporated with the AAC is recommended for other epidemic outbreaks for determining the IP and the corresponding CNIC, not just limited to the COVID-19 as illustrated in this study.	5
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—July 2008	0
We appreciate fruitful and inspiring discussions with our colleagues at ECOOM-UAntwerpen.	0
Moreover, the dynamic of discipline interaction evolution is studied using blockmodeling analysis.	3
The broader the scope of 'impact' audience becomes, the more traditional metrics based on citations in scientific literature lose their relevance and weight.	0
The authors hope this contribution enables the geotechnical community to assess where academic-led innovation is focused and identify which are the mature and emerging research areas.	5
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:123756 []	0
The predictor variable in the linear regression as the one-way ANOVA model is click categories.	3
Results suggest that the economies of middle income countries that focus their academic efforts in selected areas of applied knowledge grow slower than countries which invest in general basic sciences.	5
This paper provides an example of available metrics for assessing these innovation impacts and describes the pathways according to which they materialize.	1
*Corresponding author: Francesco Zucchini, Dipartimento di Scienze Sociali e Politiche, Università degli Studi di Milano, Milano, Italy.	0
Which individuals, research units or research organizations, working with equal production factors, produce more HCAs?	1
The work builds these maps by using the visualization of similarities (VOS) viewer software (Van Eck & Waltman, 2010).	3
Table 3 shows that most of the respondents, 11 (44%) agreed, 10 (40%) strongly agreed, and four (16%) strongly disagreed, giving a mean 3.92 (SD: 1.382).	4
This implies imbalanced degrees of representation of these user groups in respective altmetrics – for example publications' download counts on many platforms will more likely reflect judgments by early-stage researchers, counting mentions of a scientific article on Facebook or Twitter might lead to a better reflection of that article's impact among more experienced researchers.	5
The final pool of potential reviewers included 1865 scientists, of which: 87.2% from public universities, 57.3% females, and 25.4% full professors, 33.1% associate professors, 30.5% assistant professors, and 10.8% teaching assistants.	2
There are positive correlations between Mendeley reader counts and Scopus citation counts for all years examined.	4
Specifically, we measure the age of an idea input that is mentioned in a given publication by the years elapsed since the cohort year of the idea.	3
λ)USCI, where λ ∈ [0, 1] is the compensation coefficient between both composite indicators.	3
In summary, across the sample, more than 60% do not list a CV, more than 50% do not list publications and more than 70% do not list research projects on their institutional websites.	4
After applying our method to reassign funds for a research grant project in a certain region, while keeping the total funding amount unchanged, the research and talent output in the region for the year 2020 are expected to increase by 10.63% and 6%, respectively.	4
Growth in the number of papers at the interface of biodiversity and climate change has been exponential over the last decade, indicating that scientists in the ERA and LAC have recognized the importance of studying the links between biodiversity and climate change.	5
We hypothesized that retracted COVID-19 articles received more attention, measured in citations, than would be expected for the average article in the journal they were published in over the same time period.	1
Thus, as the literature suggests (Campbell, 2003; Cox, 1988; Gurr, 2001; Laudel and Glaser, 2008), fostering independence in the training period improves the career prospects of junior scientists.	5
In this article, we combine three main paths to outline a clear knowledge trajectory and framework of the PR domain in an all-around way and choose the SPC algorithm to calculate the traversal times.	3
Disciplinary affiliation independently predicted collaboration in grant and publication networks, particularly in the later years.	5
Only 18 of the ARWU top 100 (and 11 of the top 50) and 24 of the top 100 THE universities (and 12 of the top 100) join the top 100 in BIBL.	4
The structures and outcomes of bibliometric assessments were studied from a constructivist grounded theory perspective, where reflexive researchers actively engage with and interpret data, drawing on prior knowledge of the subject area to provide insight into relevant issues (Charmaz, 2021).	3
The top 55-ranked NIH-funded departments of surgery were identified using the data available from the Blue Ridge Institute for Medical Research.	2
Received July 26, 2013; revised December 1, 2013; accepted December 2, 2013	0
A similar argument is made by others who claim that grants are an input of the research process rather than an output:	0
This phase is usually in the form of a face-to-face meeting	0
The four universities seem to lack an effective system for standardizing and formalizing research behaviours.	4
The results are shown in Table 2, ranked by number of CR.	0
For each article in each curriculum, it was verified and analyzed whether the ISSN or eISSN of the publication was present in the list of journals recovered from DOAJ.	3
Overall, none of the papers submitted to NDT in the calendar year 2012 that were rejected at triage or rejected after regular peer review by NDT were high-quality, incisive studies, and the opinion of the expert assessors external to the NDT board substantially confirmed the evaluation made by the NDT editors and reviewers.	5
The purpose of the study is to a certain degree dual in nature.	0
Thus, we suggest that caution should be used in interpreting standard university rankings as they generally do not account for the complex structure of the data.	5
Thus, the section-wise comparison of terms identified a greater number of relevant papers than the existing methods.	5
For the current research project, systematic content analysis was carried out on the case studies submitted to Unit of Assessment (UOA) 36 – Communication, Cultural and Media Studies, Library and Information Management – with a focus on submissions from the library and information science (LIS) discipline.	3
The Science Citation Index (SCI) database of the Web of Science TM (WoS) Core Collection, offered by Thomson Reuters, was used as the data source for the foreign language literatures, and the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) database was used as the data source for Chinese language literatures.	2
This period was divided into five equal and consecutive 7-year subperiods (1980–1986, 1987–1993, 1994–2000, 2001–2007, and 2008–2014) to illustrate more fully significant changes and trends in authorship analysis.	3
This error is quite interesting since DOI is commonly regarded as an effective means to identify scientific articles unambiguously.	1
Method: articles in the Web of Science database containing pain and nurse and pain and nursing were analyzed using scientometric methods through data visualization techniques and advanced text analytics.	2
Of these, the full-texts of 530 articles (58.1%; 95% CI: 54.9 to 61.3) were freely available online: 314 (34.4%) were available from publishers ("Gold road" to OA), 424 (46.5%) were available via self-archiving ("Green road” to OA).	4
The primary outcome was the NREF impact ratio, defined as the ratio between NREF award research dollars and subsequent grant funding dollars.	3
It should be noted that, due to the limitations in their datasets, these studies investigate the effect of aging in a manner that fails to account for the fact that researchers potentially belong to different cohorts (Levin and Stephan 1991; Lawrence and Blackburn 1988).	0
We then calculated precision, recall, and F1 for pairs of documents as follows:	3
The basic specification for our analysis of the editorship effect is a panel-data negative binomial model with cited-paper-specific random effects, which was developed in Hausman, Hall, and Griliches (1984):6	3
Based on data from Web of Science and 2016 edition of Journal Citation Reports, we find that non-English publishing languages influence the journal impact factor (JIF) significantly.	1
It provides evidence for patent data in biotechnology.	1
The script uses Digital Object Identifiers (DOIs) to identify and merge articles.	3
We also assess the penetration of predatory journals in Brazil's main quality assessment tool, Qualis/CAPES.	1
The hypothesis about the stability of the obtained cores in time was partly confirmed.	5
Based on data provided from Web of Science, the 100 most-cited articles relevant to neuroscience were identified and characterized.	3
The h-index, number of citations, and the number of publications of each graduate were poor.	4
However, at the university level, universities in the United States, Switzerland, Sweden, Canada, Brazil, and Japan (Medical College of Georgia [now Georgia Regents University], University of North Carolina [UNC], University of Michigan, University of Washington, New York University [NYU], University of Sao Paulo [USP], University of Gothenburg, ACTA, University of Bern, University of Toronto, and Osaka University) were most competitive.	4
To measure how regular is the contribution of authors in papers, we used a measure inspired in the accessibility concept, a centrality measurement employed in network science (Amancio, 2015; Traven?olo & Costa, 2008).	3
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
A total of 264 survey responses from biological scientists in the USA were used to evaluate the research model by using partial least square based structural equation modeling.	2
The reference data used in this paper is mainly from the Web of Science database.	2
A total of 3752 articles were reviewed, of which 1722 were included; the description is elaborated in Fig.	2
We identified a total of 5,975 documents, of which 84.3% were articles, 11.6% reviews and 4.1% book chapters.	2
Expert opinion interviews served to assess the data, and precision and recall of each approach were calculated for comparison.	3
In this paper we set to understand the extent to which TCT has been used in IB research, which we assessed by analyzing the impact of Jean-Franc?ois Hennart work.	5
2002b; Tomizawa 2008), the author uses five match-keys ({leading author's family name}, {volume}, {publication year}, {beginning page}, and {title}) in the proposed matching algorithms, and {journal title}, {ending page}, and {issue} are also used as match-keys.	3
The proposed method combines both textual and structural data from the paper, using a method that focuses on screening important information by sections in science and technology documents.	3
A factorial analysis was performed on these questions in order to reduce variables, and the Kaiser-Meyer-Olkin (KMO) test was used to verify that the factorial analysis was suitable in order to reduce the number of variables and replace them with their main components.	3
Further variables that were obtained by combining the dataset with institutional data were the following: Academic Rank, Tenure Status and Sex.	0
Table 1 shows those papers published in Scientometrics that have the highest (positive) disruption index.	4
funds are more likely to increase basic research output for doctoral students in developing countries.	4
The purpose of this study is to investigate the frequency of funded research published in major radiology journals and to determine whether funding is associated with the article citation rate.	1
Additionally, the topics of violent behavior and risk assessment have developed to a significant subgroup of L&P research.	4
In the last step, the collection of the remaining publications was exported to BIB and CSV format files for data cleaning, and post-processing and analysing by the two most popular and effective tools for bibliometric analysis: Biblioshiny (Aria & Cuccurullo, 2017), and VOSviewer (van Eck & Waltman, 2010).	3
The findings can be heartening and motivating for junior faculty and private institute faculty in Pakistan in suggesting opportunities to surpass barriers of domination and poor resource access through co-authorship ties and structural social capital.	5
The section titled “Data and methods” details our strategy for our sample selection, procedures for extracting positive words, and analysis methods.	0
To cite this article: Hui-Zhen Fu, Jian Chu & Ming Zhang (2017): In-depth analysis of international collaboration and inter-institutional collaboration in nuclear science and technology during 2006–2015, Journal of Nuclear Science and Technology, DOI: 10.1080/00223131.2017.1383209	0
We used a popular bibliometric analysis tool, VOSviewer 1.6.18 (CWTS, The Netherlands) (50) for cooperative network identification and keyword co-occurrence analysis.	3
We define a reverse flip as a journal that has published at least one complete volume as immediate OA (with no indication of a temporary or promotional exception) after which the publishing model changed to subscription-based (including hybrid OA).	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—February 15, 2002 313	0
Our aim is to evaluate the publication productivity of academic psychiatrists at various levels in their career, and to compare individuals' indices at different academic ranks in The United States.	1
Scientific performance was independent from gender, degree, international grants, category applied for, and citations received for the best pre-grant publication.	4
Financial support from the Spanish Ministerio of Ciencia y Innovación project ECO2016-75410-P, GRODE and the Barcelona GSE is gratefully acknowledged.	0
We operationalize author impact using publication count, forward citations, and the more stringent definition of being in the top decile of the citation distribution.	3
PS can be contacted for access to the dataset underlying the current analysis.	0
Researchers productivity is the basis for any research evaluation.	5
We found that h-indices also vary by gender with men exhibiting higher values in all four disciplines surveyed.	4
More physicists know of a suitable SBR for their research than clinical medics and economists, with clinical medics being the least aware of this kind of repository (x2 = 103.7, p<.001) (Figure 4).	4
Across all countries, 16% of the HIV/AIDS research was published in HIV/AIDS journals and 7% in selected journals with IF ≥3.	4
This study also shows that dissertation data can be integrated with other types of data such as publications and careers, which should facilitate our understanding in the interactive nature of productions of scientific knowledge and scientists.	5
As current bibliometric indicators are not covering various important quality dimensions, we here contribute to developing better indicators for those quality dimensions not yet addressed.	1
Based on the mapping analysis method proposed by Merigó et al.	3
Can we find some common laws driving the success in show business?	1
Also, we find here that 5G is the topic with the highest relative growth, with 74% of its documents published in the last two years.	4
We analyzed the available publication record, using the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory/NASA Astrophysics Database System, by country affiliation in the time span between 1950 and 2011 for countries with a gross national income of less than 14,365 USD in 2010.	2
The traditional methods of staying up to date through reading textbooks and journal articles or attending an annual conference are no longer enough.	4
According to the core-periphery structure, more than half of all selected keywords (84 keywords) could be identified as the core keywords.	4
This study is by no means an exhaustive review of the existing research in Balkan – Southeast European studies.	5
Therefore, as it is clear in co-author maps also from centrality measures Mohammadi is the main and important author.	5
We have assessed the performance of this system with a sample of 216 researchers from the University of Málaga; 815 profiles were retrieved and validated with an accuracy of over 90% in profile detection.	2
= 0.004599), but the magnitude of the increase was observed by 2014–2016 (μ?	4
The Chi-squared (x2) test assessed the independence of categorical variables, such as gender and region, and their association with multiple publication metrics.	3
The findings show that cancer research is a developing trend, and the compiled information provides a diversity of study topics for informatics and information behavior research.	5
Level-1-evidence articles numbered 13, but no correlation was found between evidence level and citation number (SCC 0.094, p = 0.352) or AS (SCC = 0.149, p = 0.244).	4
In general, we found that the academic staff are positive about their experiences of IDR but many are negative about current attempts to promote it by privileging IDR over other types of research.	5
Despite the continuous increase in research output from Latin American countries, more effort is needed to strengthen the research capacity by developing networks and collaborative research projects, ideally among the Latin American countries themselves.	5
In this study, complex network theory is employed to construct global trade networks of human hair waste spanning from 1991 to 2020.	5
We have constructed a unique database to analyze the evolution of econometric ideas over time, gathering papers published by 11 leading econometric journals over the last 40 years (1980–2020) (see Chang and McAleer (2013) and Appendix A for more details).	2
The RPYS-CO methodology is most appropriate in cases where it is very hard (or even impossible) to encompass a scientific field by search-term- or keyword-based searches.	5
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Findings of the study suggested that the average authors/paper author assessment parameter outperformed all other indices by achieving the accuracy of 67%.	5
The key characteristics of the top 100 cited articles, including citation ranking, year of publication, publishing journal, type of study, h-index, PMC citation, patent citation, country of origin, funding source, and authorship, were analyzed.	3
The normalized popularity is defined from the normalized page views as s = pt/p0.	3
One should be cautious and note that with large data samples (here more than 6,000 data points) small differences in probability distributions can make a large dif- ference in a statistic.	5
We hereafter designate this collection of bibliographic entries as DBLP-SWEng.	2
The contributions are categorised geographically and by institution.	3
Surprisingly the self-citation rate for Lancet is lower than the Annals but it still has a higher IF.	4
Co-authorship on scientific publications, a proxy for collaboration [17], was used as the basis of the research network analysis.	3
We focus our analysis on the five developing countries that are most active in terms of both publishing (number of articles in Web of Science) and registration with the OARE initiative: Kenya and Nigeria (Sub-Saharan Africa) and Bolivia, Ecuador and Peru (South America).	1
Taking then into account authored and co-authored journal articles we calculated how many authors have published 5 articles or more (and moreover, respectively 10 or more) either as single author or as co-author.	3
This indicates that AI could become a prescreening tool for scientific abstracts.	5
The final sample in our analysis was 1412 studies.	2
A survey sample consisted of 1532 participants (876 women) from a non-scientific background: 510 were French, 516 were German, and 506 were British.	2
The data for this paper derives from a survey targeting active researchers, distributed internationally from 29th June to 30th July 2021 (Pontika et al.	2
The relationship between two individuals is given by the color and style of the edge between the nodes.	0
The earliest keyword “ecological footprint” has the highest burst strength of 64.5645, which starts in 1996 and maintains 14 years in the field of EFF.	4
The original dataset from ISI Web of Science (2002-2009) consisted of 1,699 articles with 2,027 unique authors publishing in 151 journals.	2
UCINET-NetDraw was used to calculate and draw centralities and visualizations [23].	3
RQ2 How does the average age of articles read vary by the academic status of Mendeley readers?	1
There is a very high positive correlation (r>0.69 and p > 0.001) between the number of publications and the number of citations.	4
Reasons included scarcity of funding (cited by 16 corresponding authors (72.7%)), bias against manuscripts originating from countries where the English language is non-native (cited by 10 (45.5%)) and bias against manuscripts originating from non-OECD countries (cited by 8 (36.4%)).	4
The hypothesis of not using factor analysis was rejected, indicating that factor analysis was applicable.	0
Policymakers should consider the endorsement effects that their policies can have.	5
To code the videos the authors created a coding sheet, which assessed content and presentation style with a focus on the videos' educational quality based on Cognitive Load Theory.	3
Most articles were produced by orthodontic departments belonging to public institutions, with the United States being the most productive country.	5
Therefore, the author used a proportionate sampling strategy, in which the number of journals chosen from each of the seven years was determined by their number relative to the entire population, and journals were then randomly selected for each of the seven years.	3
The corresponding average marginal effect (AME) amounts to 3.81%.	4
We extracted 145 drugs based on MeSH terms and their synonyms (the total number is 6624) within the same ATC classification hierarchy and used them to find drug associations in the collected datasets.	2
With these safeguards in place, scholarly integrity and bibliometric integrity can co-exist.	5
The purpose of this paper is to reveal the characteristics of Chinese scientists' space migration, depict the structural topology of their flow network and to analyze the driving mechanisms behind the characteristics of their space migration.	1
Publications about cardiac troponin and physical activity in pediatric populations were retrieved from the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) and the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) of the Web of Science Core Collection, and they were then analyzed.	2
The purpose of this study is to examine the impact of research output on economic growth for a panel of 169 countries (Table 3).	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
We gathered the career trajectories of scholars by extracting publication data from the open-access Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) (Sinha et al., 2015), spanning from 1800 to 2021 and includes various types of documents.	2
The search was further confined to a period of five year, i.e, 2008 through 2012.	2
We use data from SSCI-listed management journals to examine which journals pioneered the introduction of digital services, to what extent first-mover advantages can be identified, and which journal characteristics are associated with citation-based performance indicators.	1
What are the leaders and knowledge hubs (most relevant authors, affiliations, countries, and sources) in consumer neuroscience, neuromarketing and neuroaesthetics?	1
Four programs (P3-6) were university-affiliated residencies, one a large military academic center (P1), and the last associated with a major hospital system academic center (P2).	2
The left and right sides of the figure illustrate the effects of omitting (the "without" case) and only including (the "with only" case) the indicated group of factors for model training, respectively.	0
We retrieved 13274 documents in Scopus and 12 913 in WoS.	4
The free Webometric Analyst software (http:// lexiurl.wlv.ac.uk) was used to conduct automatic searches based on the Bing API and to report mentions of books in academic syllabi or course reading lists.	3
The information used in this project was collected with a user-friendly, web-based survey for researchers fully or partially funded by RTB.	2
From the papers retrieved, we extracted data for year of publication, title, journal, number of patients enrolled, country from which the patients were recruited, authors' names, institu- tional affiliation and location (country), as well as, epidemiological data.	2
This article discusses the transformations of Polish journals caused by the Polish Journal Ranking evaluation system.	1
83 Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) business schools provided their internally developed journal lists (IDJ lists) that were used to evaluate faculty research, and the submitted lists were then analyzed for the presence and assessment of business ethics journals.	2
Mean comparisons indicate that only 9% of the members of our treated group (assignment-cheaters who received a warning) cheated on the final exam, down from 40% in the control group (unwarned assignment-cheaters).	4
Figure 3 indicates that a majority of nearly 58% are published by a research institution, which includes universities but also the large variety of non-university research institutions in Germany.	4
The moderating effect of the paper topic was significant (F = 37.278, p < 0.001).	4
On the other hand, Web of Science provided better citing data, because it contains citation data dating back to the 1900s and includes citation data from journals that they do not regularly index, whereas the majority of Scopus citing data only goes back to 1996 and only includes titles that they index.	4
However, the relationship between interdisciplinarity and attention from policy documents remains unclear.	1
Hence, we propose a horizontal and vertical binary structure of communities and hierarchies (HVBSCH) defined as "synthetical hierarchical communities (SHCs)" in online social networks and present an analytical framework for SHCs in the Weibo information ecosystem based on the integration of the information ecology theory and the structural hole theory.	1
The following section shows the statistics of the extracted database and the result of correlation test between the independent variables (i.e., the collaboration types) and the dependent variable (i.e., publication impact).	0
Figure S1: Cumulative number of articles and citations by ten nations during 2000-2014.	0
On the initial bivariate analysis, highly cited studies were associated with greater abstract and manuscript word counts (P < .0001), manuscript pages (P < .0001), figures (P = .0482), sample sizes (P = .0149), and references (P < .0001).	4
The data of a total of 7,419 journals were processed.	2
We use data on impact factors from the latest available (2012) edition of Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports (JCR).	2
Schreiber, M., A skeptical view on the Hirsch index and its predictive power.	0
This information is very useful to get a complete picture of the state of research in business and economics and can be used for a wide range of purposes including research policies and academic strategies.	5
The outcome of these processes was a definitive and cleaned final dataset of 1565 SENIC peer-reviewed publication records (a return rate of 95.2% based on the original list of 1644 titles).	2
In this section, we begin in the first subsection by summarizing the findings and drawing conclusions from this study.	0
The JIF plays an unrivaled role in determining the outcome of FAP in Taiwan's medical schools, mostly via the CJA system.	5
Does the allocations of publications to entrepreneurship journals increase, for each category of school, over the decade?	1
The current study builds on the work of Zare et al.	2
Overall, West Africa produced 109, 878 articles during the 21 years of 1997-2017.	4
Thankfully, new tools are now available to speed the process of compiling works cited.	0
The altmetrics data were gathered automatically via the IS REST API,?	3
Two-thirds of the publications were observational studies, and mostly case reports (44%).	4
Using this system, high-level university construction in Jiangsu Province is evaluated.	1
The similarity of publications of German authors and their co-authors is computed on the basis of the references used and on the basis of lexical terms in abstracts.	3
Further, this paper divides the influence of OA journals into two dimensions: societal influence and academic influence.	1
There are several aspects of journal-level citations that, taken together, provide considerably more information than mean citations per article.	1
Histogram showing the number of correct exam answers for honest and cheating participants in the online exam.	0
In this paper we examine the impact of multiple authorship on various aspects of the title and thence their impact on citations.	1
We represent a dataset of published papers in the Public Library of Science (PLOS) via a co-citation network and compute three established centrality metrics for each paper in the network: closeness, betweenness, and eigenvector.	2
The retraction rate was obtained by dividing the number of retracted articles found by the number of articles related to eye diseases published each year.	3
The full network with all 194 nodes can be viewed at: https://s.gwdg.de/RiURUK	0
PPottier conducted a range of bibliographic searches (electronic supplementary material) on 2023/09/11 in Web of Science (core collection) using The University of New South Wales’ subscription and randomly selected 25 of the most recent studies from each journal.	2
candidates in the academic network, and what's more, the Ph.D.	4
We opine that the mechanisms that determine productivity distributions are different from preferential attachment models which explain citation success.	5
The portion of TO citations whose indexing varies in the three sessions is roughly the same for both databases, i.e., roughly 1–1.5 %.	5
However, the publications of Hungary and Slovenia have the most impact in terms of citations per paper.	5
Most errors involved authorship (n = 273, 36.9%) and were "Trivial” in severity (n = 544, 73.6%).	4
The document analysis was performed using the grant applications and internal program documents.	3
1 The decision to include only the top 14 journals was based on the fact that there was a 29% decrease in the number of citations between the fourteenth and fifteenth most-cited journals.	0
While they focus on the mean cited half-life and growth per annum, we analyse the differences between 2003 and 2013 providing thus a complementary view.	3
The aim is to discover possible similarities and discrepancies across these three segments of the coronavirus literature, and to discover whether there are recurring patterns in terms of magnitude, temporal evolution and the structure of these three literatures that were each developed in response to a respiratory disease outbreak.	1
The top 10 countries are the USA, England, Australia, Canada, the People’s Republic of China, Germany, Spain, South Africa, Italy, and the Netherlands.	4
The most prominent trends emerging in both venues concern Mobile Computing, Machine Learning, Computer Security, Data Privacy, Robotics, Computer Games, and User with Disabilities.	4
A collection of Altmetric Attention Scores by source type provides a nontraditional representation of publication impact in the social sphere (Figure 2).	4
To accommodate the data structure, to account for fixed country and year effects, and to estimate the with- in-unit effect of a change in democracy on scientific performance, we chose to utilize a two-way fixed effects model.	3
The project has produced two open access (OA) products a digital tool for crowd-translation and a bilingual dictionary as a reference book.	4
We conclude that the WD is in some sense the best PD to adequately fit the examined bibliometric data sets.	5
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and possible changes in funding and reporting processes during this time, two separate surveys were developed to capture researchers experiences pre-COVID-19 (survey A: January 2018 and March 2020) and during COVID-19 (survey B: March 2020 and June 2021).	3
Details on the construction of the database are provided in Appendix A.	0
A total of 1013 valid questionnaires were collected, with a majority of participants (76.2%) having received training in research integrity.	4
ICAR-based source-Indian Journal of Agricultural Science is the major contributing source to organic farming research.	4
The records are the 244,300 papers published in journals indexed in Scopus (2011–2020) by researchers affiliated to 10 South American public universities and extracted with Scival support.	2
The main problem of this paper has a methodological nature, and boils down to the creed -cliché, almost – that correlation does not imply causation.	5
We extended these prior forms of bibliometric analyses to calculate the 100 most influential contemporary social work faculty as assessed by the H-Index.	1
This makes POJ more appropriate for ranking science journals.	5
For the purposes of this study, research-intensive U.S.	2
We provide comparisons across academic fields (cardiology, economics, and physics) and contexts for assessing research (identifying the best research in their field, assessing grant proposals and assessing candidates for positions).	1
The top subject areas in terms of overall output include social sciences, agricultural and biological sciences, physics and astronomy, medicine, environmental science, biochemistry, genetics and molecular biology, and economics, earth and planetary sciences, and engineering (Fig.	4
Second, to compare the performance of the academics of the various ranks serving the medical schools in a nationwide basis and to discuss potential variations based on geographic, social or economic criteria.	1
To advance the growth of physiotherapy, it is essential to demonstrate that physiotherapy interventions are of high quality and cost-effective.	5
The study investigates possible predatory journals in dermatology across four levels: journals, publishers, documents and authors.	1
Our archival research provided evidence for the coevolution of funding competition and grant writing rhetoric.	5
In the top 10 high-impact public, environmental and occupational health journals, China, Japan and Korea accounted for 50.19%, 20.34% and 29.47% of all the papers published in those journals, respectively.	4
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2024	0
We carried out this exercise to identify the UoAs that had relatively better (worse) performance in impact element than output in REF2014.	3
Focusing on what can happen after the presumed finish line, this study identifies journals that have converted from OA to a subscription model, and places these “reverse flips” within the greater context of scholarly publishing.	1
Female and male junior collaborators have similar increases in SC co-authorship events and unique SC co-authors relative to non-collaborators, which might help explain this non-differentiated medium-term advantage.	4
We then present the results of applying the framework to the top HEIs in the two categories of HEIs, followed by our conclusions.	0
We used the AJR database to acquire review performance scores for the six main types of manuscripts (Original Research, Pictorial Essay, Technical Innovation, Clinical Perspective, Review, and Opinion) submitted from January 1, 2007, to December 31, 2011.	2
To spotlight the trends and hot topics looming from the highly cited papers in the subject category of Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging with bibliometric analysis.	1
In terms of publication types, it would be more accurate to compare articles with articles and reviews with reviews because on average, reviews tend to have higher citation rates than articles.	5
It is noteworthy that the log file's substantial size was 14.5 GB, providing an extensive dataset for analysis.	2
Spearman rank correlation tests were performed when examining the relationship of 2 variables, and Mann-Whitney U tests were used when determining whether 2 samples differed significantly.	3
Taken together, this evidence suggests a role for attention-based country of origin discrimination that goes beyond barriers to twitter access in China and pure home country bias.	5
This paper studied the omitted-citation rate of two bibliometric databases (i.e., WoS and Scopus), referring to the articles published by thirty-four Manufacturing journals, in the period from 2006 to 2012.	5
Acknowledgements The authors acknowledge the enabling support provided by the DST-NSTMIS funded project 'Design of a Computational Framework for Discipline-wise and Thematic Mapping of Research Performance of Indian Higher Education Institutions (HEIs)', bearing National Science and Technology Management Information System (Grant No.	0
Linguistic proximity plays a significant role mostly for European researchers, leaving North American and Asian scholars less connected with international co-authors, which also align with previous evidence found by Hoekman et al.	5
Our main goal is to produce an overview of the leading journals in health research literature in the world for a time frame of 25 years from 1990 to 2014.	1
nesses dois quesitos, pois ainda está aumentando a massa crítica de pesquisadores que atuam na área.	5
In addition to such national services, and in many countries as an alternative, many individual institutions provide lists of theses they have accepted, and many subject guides with varying degrees of coverage have been produced.	0
Of these references, 366 (77.5 percent) were completely error free.	4
I will have addressed those critiques in subsequent revisions, strengthening the article's evidence and arguments until the editor and referees agree that the most serious objections have been answered.	0
Our analysis methodology involved various text-mining techniques such as cosine similarity and text matching.	3
This involves the removal of double entries (e.	2
About our selection criteria, we excluded (i) articles studying the relationship of endocrine function of stomach and losing weight and (ii) articles studying the epidemiology of all kinds of cancer [10].	2
John Coll is Head of the Scottish Science Library which includes the Scottish Business Information Service.	0
The overall data set covers 4,095 publications from the Web of Science for the period 1992–2012 and the amount of international comparative articles in this data set is analyzed utilizing a geographical coding.	2
Hence, the objectives of the present study are to evaluate the recent retention trends of PSs in Japan, identify the factors associated with their retention, propose policy implications, and suggest effective intervention methods.	1
As a result, 269 more responses (37% of total) were received, thus adding up to 415 responses, for a total response rate of 57.	0
We constructed a dataset on 169 chairpersons in 58 US economics departments over a fifteen-year period between 1995 and 2010.	2
Apparent national author contributions to REF scores were modeled again using ordinal logistic regression controlling for author numbers but this time applied to fractional author contributions by country.	3
On the other hand, our variance formula results in confidence intervals for MHq that have coverage probability very close to the nominal level, and which are considerably narrower, allowing for more precise inference.	4
All of this points to a need for more scholarly information literacy amongst researchers, and librarians have a large role to play in that.	5
An analysis of the authors and their output reveals that the most productive authors are Hang Li with 28 papers, Tie Yan Liu with 21, then Y.	4
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work, first published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research, is properly cited.	0
Studies led by foreigners are more cited than those from Salvadoran scientists because foreign researchers have better access to SCI-EXPANDED journals; and review articles are more cited because they summarize important amount of information; all of these results are similar to previous findings in neighboring countries (Monge-Nájera & Ho, 2012; 2016).	5
Since the title and abstract can represent the main content of a paper, our research uses the concatenation of “title + abstract” to replace the full text of the paper as the text input to the BERT model.	3
To analyze publishing trends, we categorized publishers by the number of SJR-indexed journals they published: (a) 1 journal, (b) 2–9 journals, (c) 10–99 journals, and (d) 100+ journals.	3
The aim of the present study is to define the unit's field without resorting to pre-defined classification systems.	1
Only 0.12 % out of 8282 journals had to be removed from the classification as being singletons.	4
For the T100 articles, the majority of the article types were clinical trials (n = 140), followed by basic science studies (n = 21), reviews (n = 18), and meta-analyses (n = 1) (Fig.	4
In summary, techno-informatic capabilities are increasingly essential to progress at the biomedical frontier.	5
US teams have higher team power level and team power hierarchy than Chinese teams in different team sizes and time periods (Fig 3).	4
During its 10 years of circulation, it has published 325 documents, which have received appointments at least 400 times, according to data of WoS in autumn 2018.	2
ISSN 1019-3316, Herald of the Russian Academy of Sciences, 2023, Vol.	0
These results suggest that policies for funding charges are required to stimulate a more international attitude.	5
Received December 21, 2020, accepted January 4, 2021, date of publication January 11, 2021, date of current version January 20, 2021.	0
The relationship between book reviews and other document types was studied via citation networks.	3
Early career medical professors have higher scores on emotional exhaustion and may be prone for developing burnout.	5
Controlling for publication year and the journal in which the articles were published, two factors were found to be positively associated with citation count: (1) The number of references cited in each article and (2) whether the article was written by authors from more than one country.	4
The keywords of "finite mixture model" is the most common keywords used by authors, with 237 times, accounting for 35.53%, followed by "EM algorithm" (51), “mixture model" (40), "finite mixture models" (38), and “clustering” (30).	4
The experimental results reveal that the discriminative capacity of journals in library, information, and archival science evidently vary, with journals in archival science having the highest discriminative capacity, closely followed by journals in information and library science.	4
As we did not have a complete list of all the studies that matched the eligibility criteria, a multistage probability sampling was performed.	3
Based on internal documents from COINS, we listed academic outcomes published in the period up to Phase 2 (2013–2019) and collected bibliographic data on publications from the Web of Science, a scholarly literature database provided by Clarivate Analytics.	2
The findings show strong evidence of a substantial positive effect of scientific mobility on the ability to get published in more prestigious journals, the number of citations received in total and from overseas, and international collaborations.	4
The correlation coefficient between burger price and hourly wage is p = 0.99.	0
For this study, we extracted junior PIs who had just started their academic career.	2
4 The test compares an empirical sample and a theoretical model by computing the maximum absolute difference between the empirical and theoretical cumulative frequencies.	0
The structure of this space is determined by the 175 tags used by submitting authors to assign scientific sub-fields to articles.	2
Each of these records with either a DOI or a PubMed-ID was used to retrieve the Mendeley usage statistics via the R (http://www.r-project.org, accessed October 14, 2014) API of Mendeley (https://github.com/Mendeley/mendeley-api-r-example, http://dev.mendeley.com/methods/, both accessed October 14, 2014).	2
All three sets of domains and science linkage calculations, together with an evaluation questionnaire, (see Figure 1) were sent to 267 experts in the domain of catalyst.	3
The conclusion comes from a search in the limited field of biomedical science but it might be representative of Cuban science.	5
RQ1: Does the .yu domain have typical color schemes and do they evolve over time?	1
The vertex and edge are two essential elements of a network (Borgatti et al.	0
For group comparisons, Mann-Whitney or Wilcoxon tests was used, when appropriated.	3
Therefore, the maturity of this technology is high but there is still place to continue performing research in TES field.	5
Only 3183 of them (i.e., 17.7%) have their citations stored within the corpus, providing a total of 3500 citations.	2
Based on this dataset, the paper utilizes bibliometrics and social network analysis approaches to explore international publication trends and collaboration performance in the influenza virus vaccine field.	3
We used the Python fuzz.ratio function which calculates the Levenshtein distance similarity ratio between the two strings.	3
The analysis of the relationship between the books, book reviews and citations focused on the publication year 2008.	2
A further comparison of citations in GS with those in WoS indicates higher values of citation counts provided in GS for both fields.	4
We first gathered publications from the 141 journals of CSSCI, which the Chinese Social Science Research Assessment Center of Nanjing University deemed the most well-regarded evaluation index of periodical quality (Su, 2012).	2
Therefore, interest in the COVID-19 issue both in social media and in the academic community will continue to remain alive for a while.	0
The current study implemented bibliometric method using Scopus database.	3
During some periods, publications followed disease outbreaks in Brazil (e.g., dengue fever and yellow fever).	4
One needed to be added to the y variable since it had some values of zero.	0
A total of 210 different journals have published articles on WPS.	4
The median publication rate (per million population in 10 years) was 45 (range 5–150) for all publications.	4
For a temporal comparison of article characteristics, full citations for the entire search results were exported into Excel for each of the years: 2004, 2009, and 2014.	2
The performance assessment is carried out at both discipline and overall university level.	1
Although both ratios could represent the difference, we used a new single indicator, Ratio V ranging from 0 to 1, to represent the difference between the two classifications:	3
Danilo Silva Carvalho and Lucas Lopes Felipe have contributed equally to this work.	0
This study presents the results of a survey of 104 academic librarians in this region, along with follow-up interviews with seven respondents.	1
The Scopus database (https://www.scopus.com) was searched by the author name.	2
The analysis of Table I depicts that the most original articles were published in the year 2014 followed by 2013.	4
The full evaluation study including recommendations for the future development of the programme is an open access publication and can be downloaded (Seus et al.	0
Nonetheless, the mediocrity of pre-intervention scores raises concerns on effectiveness of the predatory covert practices.	5
Further analysis categorised the top 100 research areas into four main domains: Sciences and Technology, Health Sciences, Social Sciences, and Arts and Humanities.	3
For the scientific mapping, the VOSviewer software (www.vosviewer.com) was used (Van Eck and Waltman, 2010).	3
This is the exact parallel to the case of an aggregation that is journal based—from journal impact scores, one can derive in the same manner, expected, observed and relative paper citation scores.	5
The content analysis allowed us to determine that emotional self-regulation is a process of awareness and regulation, modifiable according to the people who are involved in the accompaniment process, that is, the ecological environment that underlies the student’s training, which plays an important role in the determination and confrontation of their emotions, becomes a process aimed at the education of citizenship skills, where a child who regulates their emotions develops assertive communication skills, respect for differences, and empathy.	5
In order to assess whether counts of citations from SlideShare documents to academic articles reflect a similar type of impact to counts of citations from Scopus to academic articles, Spearman correlations were calculated between Scopus and SlideShare citation counts for each field analyzed (data set 2; also using the Scopus-indexed citation counts for each Scopus document).	3
Freely available articles located uniquely by search tool (number of articles above each bar).	0
A total of 5290 papers were identified, with an increasing number of appearances along the period (from 298 papers in 2008 to 789 in 2017).	2
Overall, it seems that not much has changed in the scholarly world despite huge digital disruptions.	5
Funding/Support: This study was funded in part by grant P30 AG15292-07 from the National Institute on Aging, which supports the Native Elder Research Center, a Resource Center for Minority Aging Research, and by grant UL1RR02514 from the National Center for Clinical Research, which supports the University of Washington Clinical and Translation Science Award.	0
L'output en matière de publication des départements de science politique suisses	0
To illuminate barriers to collaboration, this study examines who participates in cross-boundary scholarly collaboration most often and which types of boundary crossing (disciplinary, institutional, role) are engaged in most often.	1
These results should be treated with caution, for reasons we shall discuss here.	0
Results from the current study indicated that the PubMed database is the most accurate in assigning document type labels compared to WoS and Scopus, which can be an important consideration for librarians, researchers and academicians working in the medical field or healthcare sector, when such a parameter is used for subscribing to journals, conducting a literature review or evaluating academic performance.	5
Table 3 summarises the percentages of the most frequently mentioned categories: 'impact-oriented' and ‘intellectual' research motivations and values.	4
We focus on three different indicators of a researcher's scientific production.	2
Nicolaides Kypros H was found to be the most productive and influential researcher.	4
Of the 20 journals, 5 are freely available online: South African Medical Journal, PLoS One, South African Journal of Science, South African Journal of Surgery and Water SA.	4
Making use of a clustering methodology, we introduce a biclustering model that accounts for both homogeneity/heterogeneity among faculties and correlations between indicators.	3
graduates is varying, and its values are relatively much higher in some years than the values of the pre-Bologna Ph.D.	4
We selected the three publications from a post from Retraction Watch about retracted COVID-19/SARS-CoV-2 papers (https://retractionwatch.com/retracted-coronavirus- covid-19-papers/).	2
Single-authored articles numbered 663; 556 of these authors were from Spain (83.8%) and the remaining 107 authors were from elsewhere, mainly Latin America and Europe, represented by 63 (9.5%) and 25 (3.8%) single authors, respectively.	4
(2018), we investigate the shoulders on which national research stands.	1
The paper situates the scientific contributions of Muslim-majority science systems in the global science system.	1
Current graduate students in natural resources are expected to publish at higher levels relative to historical levels of publication, which is a trend identified in other disciplines in academia (Barnard-Brak, Saxon, & Johnson, 2011).	5
Data were gathered from Web of Science (WOS) on March 13th, 2013.	2
EE&F list The second dataset included the 100 journals (with a minimum number of 50 publications) top ranked according to the Scopus Impact per Publication (IPP; the IPP is defined as the ratio of citations in a year to papers published in the three previous years divided by the number of papers published in those same years) in 2014, within the Scopus subject area of “Economics, Econometrics and Finance" (EE&F).	2
Overall, these results suggest that the largest components contributing towards β-convergence in AQS across universities and disciplines from 2012 to 2018 were via recruitment of entrants and by transforming the quality scores of established and remaining researchers.	5
Our second main finding is that in the last 30 years the language of different scientific fields remain, on average, at the same distance from all other fields.	5
Additionally, we canvassed a sample of conservation biologists to determine which databases they used, their awareness of differing search options within databases and their appreciation of the significance of different subscription options to well-known databases.	1
The research student database included student names, enrolment and completion dates of the PGRP (i.e., the date signed on the diploma), student ID card numbers and civil registration numbers from which age, gender and advancement in their educational programme could be obtained.	2
Second, we detect significant differences between the color palettes of .yu sub-domains (commercial, organizational, academic, and governmental), as well as between Montenegrin and Serbian Websites.	4
A semi-structured interview was conducted with 20 postgraduate researchers, two from each field of study, studying in master's degree programs at the same public universities in Pakistan where the sample of articles written by the professors was chosen.	2
The JIF is defined as the number of citations to a journal during the current year to all items in that journal published in the previous 2 years, divided by the total number of so-called citable items published in the journal in these previous 2 years.	3
Six bibliometric indicators were used to evaluate source institutions and countries.	3
Brazil was the most productive nation with 41.8% of identified references followed by Mexico (16.6%) and Argentina (12.9%).	4
US topped the list of assignee countries with highest number of patents (278), followed by Japan (161), Europe countries (GB (60), DE (53), FR (16), IT (4)), Korea (20) and seldom in other countries or regions, such as China (6), Taiwan (6), Israel (3), Russia (2).	4
Authors identified by betweenness centrality are on average 8.4 years younger than the authors identified by h-index.	4
At the micro-individual level, nine semi-structured interviews with Selection Committee members (hereafter Committee Members) were conducted.	2
Received 11 January 2024; Received in revised form 20 October 2024; Accepted 3 November 2024	0
This article investigates whether possible under-citation of women associates with lower proportions of, or increases in, women in a subject.	1
Web of Science Core Collection citations can change over time and cannot be easily compared; to solve this limitation, Ho's group proposed a new indicator, TCvear (Chuang et al., 2011; Wang, Fu, & Ho, 2011), i.e.	3
From the data presented in the Table 5 we can see that there is a noticeable difference between the average citation rates of the 3 institutes.	4
Finally, we conducted a key node analysis and uncovered the fundamental theories and methods among the literature.	3
All authors made substantial and equivalent contributions to the conception and design, data acquisition, analysis and interpretation, and the drafting and revision of this paper.	0
The counts of articles for each contribution type and half-decade are in parentheses.	0
This research adopted a “sequential explanatory mixed methods” design (Creswell, 2014) that involved first the collection of quantitative data through a questionnaire survey and then qualitative data through the use of focus group interviews.	3
Finally, we find evidence that the economic growth leads to higher scientific diversity and countries with diverse research portfolios are more flexible to develop new research areas.	5
To this end, we have chosen the disaster that occurred in 1986 in Chornobyl (Chernobyl), Ukraine, considered as one of the most devastating nuclear power plant accidents in history.	1
VOSviewer 1.6.9 (Leiden University, Leiden, The Netherlands) was used to extract key information, for the high frequency fields such as countries and keywords, we make a network map for visual analysis, and furthermore analyze the potential clustering (24).	3
Address for correspondence Lauren Tracy Daly, MD, Department of Plastic Surgery, University of California, Irvine, 200 S.	0
The following chart shows how this information seeking takes place in WNO.	0
Are there differences that can be observed after adding more weight to the lexical component valid?	1
The overall average core size in the first time period is 4.4 researchers, while in the second time period the overall average core size is 5.6 researchers (t = -3.03, df = 72.35, p<0.01).	4
The data sources are the Co-operative Online Bibliographic System and Services (COBISS) and the Slovenian Current Research Information System (SICRIS), maintained by the Institute of Information Science (IZUM) and ARRS.	2
The Scopus database was searched for relevant literature published between 2020 and 2022.	2
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data are within the manuscript and its Supporting Information files.	0
This paper thus explores the effects that collaboration networks have on research productivity by measuring the position of these researchers within scientific co-publication networks.	3
The latter takes into account both the statistical goodness of fit and the number of parameters that have to be estimated to achieve this particular degree of fit, by imposing a penalty for increasing the number of parameters.	0
For the comparison of researchers from different fields, or where an individual has a publication record that spreads across multiple and diverse fields, field-normalized scores (e.g., citation percentiles, applied within a single year/subject category dataset) should be visualized instead of citation counts, as proposed by Bornmann and Marx (2014a, b), Bornmann and Haunschild (2018), and Adams et al.	3
In order to analyze the epistemic and organizational effects of the introduction of excellence funding arrangements on the work of academic research groups, we use the concept of the credibility cycle (Latour and Woolgar 1986).	3
Downloaded by FREIE UNIVERSITAT BERLIN At 09:26 21 December 2016 (PT)	0
Surprisingly, good peer review, good feedback, and impact factor were among the top 10 most common reasons.	4
In this study, the global patent data for nano-luminescent materials is wielded, so as to answer the following questions: 1.	1
The results support the negative role of administrative barriers to mobility in affecting the magnitude and direction of the knowledge flows.	5
The above findings reinforce the assumption that international collaboration generally tends to increase the citations rates.	5
In calculating H-index of journals, we rank all the n publications of each journal j from 1 to n by citation counted to February 1, 2018 in descending order.	3
This article investigates the motivations of researchers to publish in non-mainstream journals and the functions of these journals in scientific communication.	1
For the five manuscripts that were submitted by a group of authors from more than one country, the country in the address of the corresponding author was used.	0
Surveys were built and maintained using IBM's MR Interview survey software and exported into SPSS for data analysis.	3
Bucket Boys in Darling Square Sydney for supplying the amber liquid to facilitate the final stage of writing this manuscript whilst emotionally processing the results of the last funding round.	0
Received on 23/10/2015, resubmitted on 2/8/2016 and accepted for publication on 22/11/2016.	0
Using the snowball method, the archives of the newly detected hijacked journals were analyzed according to the previously described methodology.	3
However, Charpentier's work (Deltcheva et al., 2011) is "under-visible" if one just takes direct citations into account (see Table 4).	4
Our results show that the probability of being cited is a clear function of another factor: quantity; in our data, citation impact is strongly biased towards papers about Palearctic species because the total citations and the h-index were positively correlated with the total number of documents (Table 4; Fig.	5
We first collected the data of references cited in all papers that PI i published in each year.	3
The organization is a partner of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) and also works with Portico and the LOCKSS initiative for digital archive preservation.	0
Borrowing Bj?rk's [6] six types of barriers to open access, this study will evaluate the discussion of barriers in the LIS literature over the ten year period 2004–2014 and compare this to Bj?rk's conclusions.	1
Specifically, a survey was carried out between 26 March and 14 April 2021 by administering a structured questionnaire to a random sample of 500 individuals in Spain aged between 18 and 25 using the online data collection technique.	2
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):?-?, 2015	0
This project quantitatively assessed ICMJE compliance and journal and institution-level factors associated with overlap publication.	0
We received 170 useable responses out of 180 distributed.	2
Ultimately, my findings show that despite careful peer-review processes, 'errors of all kinds creep into the journals' (Garfield, 1990) and suggest a lack of awareness by authors of their responsibility in ensuring accurate citation.	5
In order to reduce the costs associated with preparing the editorial content for publication, we suppose that a number of j academic journals with low-prestige and limited resources competes in the same selection process of a high-quality manuscript.	2
Our main finding is that the leading file format for publications, which is PDF, is not the most appropriate format to perform both knowledge discovery and fact-checking.	5
The bibliometric maps confirm that the USA, the UK, Australia and People's Republic of China are the most productive countries with longer bibliographic coupling lines and the most citations received.	4
In conclusion, our analysis provides a review of landmark papers published in the field of BCI; these 100 highly cited articles reflect major advances and hot topics of the past 10 years, which can help to distinguish incremental from transformational studies, and provide insights into priorities and trends in BCI research that could serve as sources for future research directions.	5
The current paper aims to be one of the first attempts at a holistic analysis of the marine biodiversity field by drawing on the idea of “world-building” as developed by (Callon et al., 1986), which we use as a conceptual framework to study the dynamics of scientific fields through a bibliometric analysis of scientific texts.	1
The estimated coefficient on the finance dummy is -0.151 (p < 0.01), indicating that finance has an HHI lower than accounting.	4
Jeffrey Beall's list was accessed from web archives on, which included 1150 publishers.	2
Later, these texts are separated into sentences, and each sentence is parsed using Stanford Parser (Klein and Manning 2003) to obtain a parse tree.	3
The purpose of this study was to analyze publication and dissemination patterns of articles published in known predatory nursing journals.	1
Figure 1 presents the steps followed during the selection of the 119 articles.	0
To perform topic modeling, we used genism library [23], which is a mature open source vector space and topic modeling toolkit implemented in Python.	3
Our model creates “authors” (nodes) through a unit intensity Poisson process on a cluster of concentric circles.	3
The analysis in Table 3 reveals that the primary determinants of academic publication are disciplines and prior academic performance.	4
Our second step is to check a random sample of the monographs cited in 2010 and 2015 to explore the availability of the cited books in electronic format.	3
Now more than ever, objective performance benchmarks are vital to institutional survival and success.	0
The Exhaustive CHAID (Chi square automatic interaction detector) algorithm was used because it is the most generalized and restrictive in its results.	3
The dataset used in this paper encompasses all papers published in the year 2000 in journals covered by the Web of Science database (WoS), including the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) and the Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI).	2
A qualitative and quantitative methodology is applied, drawing information from university websites, institutional reports, European project databases (Cordis), the Web of Science database, surveys of teaching and research staff, and surveys of vice-rectors and library directors.	2
The Journal of Neurosurgery published the greatest number of top cited articles (9 of 100).	4
The data point to a low intensity of academic life in Brazilian economics schools.	5
Citations were studied using the number of "Dimensions Citations" reported by Altmetric.	3
...if we use h-index to indicate author’s academic impact, by setting HIF and HIM from ltTen to fiftyHundred, the probability of CNCI being mhigh, vhigh and exhigh is increased from 7.69%, 5.37%, 0.9% to 10.3%, 20.5%, 47.8% respectively-a big increasement.	4
JAT published 62 articles each of which were cited over 100 times and the H-index for JAT was 89.	4
All three are published by one of the dominant “big five” commercial publishers – Elsevier, Taylor and Francis, Springer-Nature, Sage and Wiley.	2
The project acronym is PromTech, and the project full title is "Identification and Assessment of Promising and Emerging Technological Fields in Europe".	0
Abbreviations: R = rank, Oc = author keywords occurrences, Co = author keyword co-occurrences links.	0
There was no significant correlation between the mean number of citations and level of evidence (rs = ?0.28), the MCMS (rs = -0.29), and the MINORS score (rs = ?0.25).	4
A total of 3,436 articles published from 1912 to 2014 in 12 different journals were discovered (see Figure 1), presenting an irregular evolution along time.	2
Supplementary Information The online version contains supplementary material available at https://doi.	0
Moreover, we obtained the invoice channels and recipients of hybrid OA APCs.	3
In this paper we have shown how the same organizational structures can arise across seemingly unrelated domains of human activities.	5
As a first step, we collected data on faculty from a limited group of French and Spanish institutions that were selected based on their scientific productivity.	2
The data was obtained from the three main citation indices of Web of Science, namely Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) and Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI).	2
Given the fact that the Scopus database was considerably more up to date in that respect, this database was set as the main source of data extraction in this work.	2
Publisher's Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Also, for visualizing collaboration patterns, we use Excel radar graph with the InCites' Global Institutional Profiles Project (GIPP) scheme to determine collaboration patterns between countries and research areas.	3
The ranked journal list had input from discipline specific peak bodies and academic institutions and is in a consultation stage at the time of writing this paper.	0
The results of this study can help scientific researchers understand the research emphases and trends of L&P globally and recognize trends/directions for further research.	5
The authors received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
The dataset we used in Section 2.3 thus select all articles that have CDM as a cited reference.	2
This research was supported by the "National Natural Science Foundation of China" (71673038, 71503031) and the project of "Fundamental Research Funds for the Central Universities” (DUT18JC32).	0
While many in the conversation regarding the appropriateness of faculty status for librarians have suggested that the “pressure to publish" produces a high quantity of low-quality articles, our results, combined with a new analysis of the Seaman (2008) study, suggests that faculty status may actually encourage publication in the most respected journals.	5
In logistic regression, we estimate the probability of the ith MeSH term would become an emerging topic (πi) as a function of predictors.	3
We have already acknowledged that this is not a scientific paper and therefore, these findings should not be expected.	0
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
In order to obtain a comprehensive collection of all tobacco-related research, we collected publications from two sources.	2
Using a comparative citation and publication analysis, the present study selected a sample of papers published in Elsevier's OA journals in 2013-2015.	2
Conflict of interest We declare that we do not have any commercial or associative interest that represents a conflict of interest in connection with the work submitted.	0
As the analyses of the (annual) growth rates show, with the exception of Russia, the BRICS countries have increased their output in terms of most frequently cited papers at a higher rate than the top-cited countries worldwide.	4
It is argued that this shift of emphasis has a distorting effect on the uses of citations, and that the more important these metrics become, the more distorting it is.	4
In the bottom right quadrant, Economics is the only cluster situated there.	4
The authors wish to thank Jean-Pierre Robitaille, Yves Gingras, the anonymous reviewers, as well as the audience at the ISSI conference in Madrid, for their valuable comments and suggestions.	0
The data for this study, dating between 2008 and 2016, was extracted from Scopus database.	2
Dedication: The authors dedicate this article to the memory of Thomas R.	0
We find widely varying measures of the gender gap depending on how we measure and disaggregate, and argue that different bibliometric indicators capture different aspects of research performance, including diversity of output and collaboration, which reflect different publication practices that are both gendered and situated.	4
Then, a type was assigned to each funder by using the existing classification of funders defined by Clarivate and available in WoS and InCites (Clarivate, 2023): Academic, Academic System, Corporate, Global Corporate, Government, Health, National Academy, Nonprofit, Partnership, Research Council, and Research Institute.	3
We received ten sets of reviews for nine different articles that were rejected by the journal.	2
A total of 305,715 articles that are published in 507 economics journals from 1980 to 2015 are used in this study.	2
Using Web of Science Database, a list of Iranian epidemiologists was searched and total number of articles, total citations, and citations per paper, h-index, scientific age, g-index and ar-index were extracted and calculated for any epidemiologist.	2
For the minimum spanning tree computation, Prim's algorithm is used (Prim 1957).	0
There was no difference in the content of peer reviews between Reviewer 2 and other reviewers for word count (630 vs 606, respectively, P = .16), negative phrases (8.7 vs 8.4, P = .29), positive phrases (4.2 vs 4.1, P = .10), question marks (4.8 vs 4.6, P = .26), and uses of “please” (1.0 vs 1.0, P = .86).	4
The study and characterization of citation ageing is not straightforward, as it is a complex phenomenon shown to be influenced by many factors besides scientific merit.	5
This article first analyzes library and information science (LIS) research articles published in core LIS journals in 2005.	1
To assess the influence of social media on the impact of the scientific papers published by Biological Invasions, we selected the timeframe 2013–2020, representing 4 years without (2013–2016) and 4 years with (2017-2020) the presence of Biological Invasions in social media.	2
Second, the accumulated brokering capabilities in bridging between shorter-distance regions are applicable to coordinate resources between farther-distance regions.	5
The web application can be used, e.g., by students, (post-doctoral) researchers and people working in the area of science policy to identify scientifically interesting institutions worldwide.	5
The most important drivers of self-citation rate in the CAD literature are the presence of authors with high h-index and the presence of authors who are building and structuring this subject area.	5
At one extreme, 95% (20/21) of Dermatology specialist journals have the same specialist publishing practice (i.e., Dermatology), whereas only 4% (2/45) of Mathematics (all) journals do.	4
There were 2,439 publications between 2005 and 2014 from China, including 438 from Mainland China, 1,506 from Taiwan, and 495 from Hong Kong.	4
This study has presented an overview of higher education internationalization research trends based on 1412 publications retrieved from the Scopus database.	5
The logistic regression analysis is in two parts; model approach (I) examines predictors of collaboration with international colleagues in research, and model approach (II) looks at how various aspects of internationalization influence research productivity.	3
Japan representation in basic science journals showed an upward trend over the 1991-2000 period (P < 0.001) but remained flat during 2001-2010 (P = 0.177).	4
Finally, Section 5 summarizes the main findings and conclusions about the research conducted in APIN.	0
Between 23% and 43% of respondents rated all three elements as strong examples of the societal impact of research.	4
This study examines the relationship between altmetrics and traditional measures: journal article citations and access counts.	1
A simple mediation analysis using ordinary least squares path analysis provided insight into the direct effect of motivation on performance and the indirect effect of motivation through effort.	3
From these results, we confirm the findings of the previous study (Wang et al.	5
While OA removes barriers to access for knowledge ‘consumers’, the dependence on institutional resources and their profit models, which continue to favour owners over producers, can in fact increase barriers to publish.	4
Data is based on doctoral students in science, technology, and medicine at a Swedish university.	2
Citation counts and PlumX Field-Weighted Citation Impact scores were collected from the Scopus database.	2
The views in this paper are solely those of the authors, and do not necessarily represent the views of the Department of the Navy or any of its components, UNAM, University of Virginia or University of Karlsruhe.	0
In the field of chemistry, the well-established Web of Science is well suited to gather citation numbers (Neuhaus and Daniel 2008).	2
These differences help to highlight the role of co-authored publications in influencing institutional rankings.	0
News, n.d.), we assembled a study population of tenured epidemiology professors from the top 25 SPPH.	2
for continued or new journal subscriptions, have to consider the details of the IF equation which consists not only of numbers of citations but also numbers of published articles.	5
This data set consist of citation sequences of 11 prominent bibliometricians (A = Egghe L., B = Garfield E., C = Gl?nzel W., D = Ingwersen P., E = Leydesdorff L., F = McCain K.W., G = Moed H.F., H = Rousseau R., I = Van Raan A.F.J., J = Vinkler P., K = Zitt M.) and is available at M.	2
Which h-index or h-index citation intensity based variant helps the most in elevating the national and international award winners to be ranked among the best 100, 500, 1000 authors?	1
The WOS lists 163,648 articles that include mathematics as one of its categories for the publication years 1993–2004.	2
First-inventor IPCCA means that only the first inventor of the patent is considered, while all-inventor IPCCA means that all inventors of the patent are considered equally.	3
As a measure of citation impact after graduation, we used the mean normalized citation score of the papers published after graduation [25].	3
This Letter to the Editor presents the findings of a small study involving the analyses of some personal data (e.g.	1
We found that modified lotteries, which allocate funding randomly among proposals that pass a threshold for methodological rigour, effectively reduce the rate of false discoveries, particularly when paired with open science improvements that increase the publication of negative results and improve the quality of peer review.	4
Lastly, we found that Elsevier, Wiley, Taylor & Francis, and Springer represented 48% of all journals, but 80% of the 25 journals with the highest impact factor.	4
International research networks not only can generate more precise epidemiological estimates for different countries, but they can also assist in knowledge transfer between developed and developing countries, as well as standardizing measurements and reducing duplication of research [45–47].	5
To examine the relationship between OA and citation rates while controlling for other factors, we used generalized linear models.	3
The reasons for choosing the timeline are two folds; firstly, it analyses the trend of OA publication in both global and Indian context, and secondly, it compares the publication trend before and after the implementation of the DST-DBT open access policy.	2
The author would like to thank the reviewers and especially Professor Liwen Vaughan, Faculty of Information and Media Studies, University of Western Ontario, for their helpful comments.	0
Corresponding authorship was measured through the institution of affiliation of the corresponding author, and all others are considered as non-corresponding institutions.	3
The lists were drawn from final papers collected by the professor of record between the years 2005 and 2014.	2
The authors reported no conflicts of interest related to this study.	0
The most-cited author was van Dijk who published the highest number of articles 7(7%).	4
Water stress, followed by drought stress, salt stress, abiotic stress, and environmental stress were the most studied types with over 90 % articles dealing with a single stress type.	4
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
More than half of the cohort (n = 113, 67%) did not experience a change in the h-index after removal of self-citations.	4
The present study sketched the trends, presented the highlights and identified issues of water quality research from research papers from India.	5
We argue that a reasonable explanation is the existence of a “paper drain" phenomenon: a certain proportion of the papers dealing with development is eventually published in journals that are assigned to other (non-development) fields.	1
The article with the highest all-time citations (TC2014 = 707-times) was 'Rapid detection and typing of dengue viruses from clinical samples by using reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction' [60], published in the Journal of Clinical Microbiology by Lanciotti et al. in 1992.	4
We conducted semi-structured interviews with eight chief editors of Malaysian journals from science and social science faculties.	2
Regression analysis was used to determine if there are significant changes in time trend from 2005 to 2014.	3
In this paper we provide an experiment that addresses all these issues, with reference to universities in Europe.	1
The method adopted for this study was the use of citation analysis; that is, analysis of cited reference works in the source journals.	3
By combining citation-based impact scores with data from publishers' price lists, we were able to look for relationships between business model, price, and 'quality' across several thousands of journals.	3
The result is significant, F(1, 3832) = 468.91, p = .000, which means that there is significant difference between highly cited and lowly cited papers.	4
To cite this article: Estela Marine-Roig (2014) A Webometric Analysis of Travel Blogs and Review Hosting: The Case of Catalonia, Journal of Travel & Tourism Marketing, 31:3, 381-396, DOI: 10.1080/10548408.2013.877413	0
Research on MNs is highly focused on developing a combination of molecular imaging and photothermal therapy.	4
Comparative result of EM-index sequences and EM'-index sequence of top four authors with their tail articles citation distributions.	0
The resulting asymmetrical journal-journal list was finally converted into a journal–journal symmetrical matrix by applying cosine similarity on the cited side of the matrix.	3
Cluster and principal component analyses of scientometric data were carried out.	3
296) found that 69% of law faculty had not registered for ORCID iDs (Ward, 2019).	4
As Figure 1 indicates, both publications and citations had significant positive paths to measures taken five and ten years later.	0
The newly proposed method, ARPISB, is significantly better than all other methods in the average scores, including the basic ISB.	4
The country SCR in clinical neurology during 1996-2019 correlated significantly positively with total citable documents (R = 0.8005) (P < 0.0001) and total cites (R = 0.7335) (P < 0.0001).	4
Number of publications and h index from Jan.	2
At the same time there are tremendous opportunities in research collaboration, which can contribute to the economic consolidation of BRICS.	5
The data on journal titles, citations, and impact factors for 2 and 5 years of 302 ISI indexed journals in the subject category of Economics have been extracted from the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) 2013, and the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) (Web of ScienceTM Core Collection) databases.	2
The cumulative impact factors for journals and countries in each time period were calculated.	3
Finally, science mapping and bibliometric processes, through the Smart Bibliometrics, can potentially automate manual and routine processes, connect people and ideas, providing more agile analysis in choosing relevant scientific productions in an innovative, simplified, and accessible manner.	5
In this paper, we explore the link between extremely highly-cited papers and public and charitable funding in the UK.	1
COVID-19 preprints had a marginally higher number of authors than non-COVID-19 preprints on average (median, 7 [IQR 8] versus 6 [IQR 5]; p < 0.001), due to the greater likelihood of large (11+) authorship team sizes (Fig 3A).	4
Thus, many queries yielded high proportions of “off-topic” hits–such as the WoS query for “TI = retract*” which yielded 7,925 records on 07 Aug 2011 (Table 1, line 26).	0
RQ3: Which country is most productive on the sustainable competitiveness research in tourism?	1
Consequently, PubPeer cannot be the place for many discussions: only 31.5% of publications received more than three comments, and the response rate of authors is very low (7.5%).	5
Among the countries, Peoples Republic of China is the most preferred country for collaboration followed by USA, Thailand and England.	4
In total, 1,056 articles from 84 periodicals were content analyzed.	2
The average number of citations per publications related to digoxin toxicity was 8.1, and the h-index was 59.	4
Our results and discussion focuses on 4 indicators whose definitions are reproduced below.	3
In order to identify the interactions that relate to (later) impact, we adopted an exploratory case study approach.	3
We included all English-language research articles published between 1952 and 2018 to understand how the DSM is cited.	2
In such cases, the index underestimates the performances of researchers with a more selective publication strategy.	0
As these criteria can be subjective, our committee established a common interpretation of these criteria and how to handle different evaluation metrics through a group discussion before viewing the nomination packages.	3
Received: 7 September 2020; Accepted: 23 September 2020; Published: 28 September 2020	0
We find no evidence for the two hypotheses, which leaves self-selection as a possible cause for the editor effect.	4
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
Using data from theoretical and experimental high-energy physics available from the in-SPIRES database would assure homogeneity of the dataset [24].	2
It calculates two indexes making use of the relevance and the novelty concepts in the scientific domain.	1
By integrating the steel from domestic production and imports, we constructed the annual CEI at the national scale:	3
This cross-sectional study used a survey design to gather quantitative and qualitative information about funding applications and reporting requirements, and the perceived effort and burden experienced by researchers when completing these processes.	3
Acknowledgments The authors thank three anonymous reviewers for their intuitive and insightful comments.	0
Moreover, we show that paper quality is important for being cited by a patent.	4
With regard to the presentation of the results, in the case of a long observation period, not only should annual and overall results be presented, but also multi-year comparisons be performed.	3
However, in contrast with the other three narratives, it has no explanation for inequality and hierarchy, a major weakness.	5
The main objective of this study is to determine whether these alternative web mention indicators could be generalised to other university systems (especially in the Spanish academic web system) and consequently be employed, particularly in global university web rankings.	1
At the USF Libraries, a Research and Publishing committee was created by the faculty to develop tools and provide professional development support, with the aim of encouraging a community culture of research.	1
This means that the BIC is equal to 63.7%.	4
This, by the way, points at a strategic issue: as proving impact is increasingly crucial for acquiring funding, project leaders may think of names that can be more easily distinguished, and also promote clearly specific publications users of the infrastructure should refer to.	0
The initial dataset consists of 990 documents identified through a search in the Google Scholar database for articles using “open banking” as a keyword, conducted on August 6, 2021.	2
Motivated by this event, this paper aims to review this first twenty years of publication record to uncover trends most influential on ISF.	1
The second source of information is a large database of publications from Lattes platform, a repository of academic curriculum managed by CNPq, the Brazilian Council of Research.	2
In addition, presenting studies after completion and analysis of its results invites selective use of data (“cherry picking”), nonpublication of results that do not fit the hypothesis or even contradict it, hypothesizing after the results are known (HARKing), and storytelling.	4
A total of 628 articles were retrieved for the period 2008-2012 but there may be other articles that are not listed either on SciVerse Scopus or Web of Science or that were not retrieved.	4
Library, National Research University Higher School of Economics, Myasnitskaya 20, Moscow 101000, Russia	0
On the other hand, if the authors of the citing article and the seed article are from different country locations, the citing article is categorized as a foreign citation (FC).	3
Number of preprints by servers (data accessed on 3 March 2020).	0
We formalize its definition mathematically and at the same time introduce a slightly more intuitive variation which also satisfies Woeginger's definition of a scientific impact index.	1
Of 600 potential records, 372 patients met our inclusion criteria with the following characteristics: age 47.0 [19-92] years; 70.4% male; 97.0% blunt injury.	4
In the case of a study at a high aggregation level, such as the level of countries or organizations (e.g., university rankings), we consider it absolutely essential to use fractional counting instead of full counting.	5
To fill this scholarly gap, this article reports two citation analysis studies that identify the overall impact of the literature as well as the specific influence of seminal articles in the field.	1
Among the 927 featured review articles, 79 are not indexed on the WOS and 734 include Mathematics as a WOS category.	2
As a matter of fact, CPBF attests that public funding has been and continues to be a catalyst and accelerator for the development of capitalist relations of production in academia.	5
As pointed out in Table 3, the parameter estimate attached to the number of years is both positive and significant (at better than the 0.01 level), suggesting that, if any change occurs, the level of effort along this production margin increases with age.	4
On the global stage, Malaysia has made significant progress in adopting gold OA publishing.	4
We searched each record via Google Scholar and matched institutional affiliations to the best of our ability in cases where multiple authors had the same last name and first initial(s).	0
It comes with a test collection comprised of 1679 nucleotide sequence reagents that were curated by biomedical experts.	2
As such, the academic community should embrace a mechanism for co-authorship that penalizes authors for issuing ultimatums or obviates their ability to do so.	5
Following standard practice, citation rates were normalized by publication year and specialty (Waltman, van Eck, van Leeuwen, Visser, & van Raan, 2011), which allows us to compare the mean impact of articles from different domains and publication years.	3
According to UK pound per publication, tuberculosis (￡50,691) appeared the most productive for investment, compared to HIV (￡61,971) and malaria (￡94,483).	4
This gap is addressed with this study through an investigation of the macro-level diffusion of research synthesis methods from 1972 to 2011.	1
We finally hypothesize that "first page results syndrome" in conjunction with the fact that Google Scholar favours the most cited documents are suggesting the growing trend of citing old documents is partly caused by Google Scholar.	1
The University of Sao Paulo and the National Autonomous University of Mexico stand out as leading university institutions in Latin America by occupying the first positions in the four rankings mentioned above.	5
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 66(11):2215-2222, 2015	0
We investigate reputation manipulation empirically in the context of science, which is built on an explicit reputation-based reward system, and we use the received citations as an indicator for reputation.	1
For the analysis, the Open Researcher and Contributor ID (ORCID, 2014) was adopted as a unique identifier of researchers and the Scopus database was used as data source (Scopus, 2014).	2
The main objective of this study was to conduct a bibliometric evaluation of Human & Experimental Toxicology retrieved from the Scopus database.	1
The estimates were computed by a Poisson regression, for which the odds ratios are shown; a value greater than (less than) 1 indicates that, on average, the category represented by the control variable has published in OA journals a number of papers that is greater than (less than) the average for the sample.	3
Our findings contribute to a growing body of evidence highlighting the importance of proximity for collaboration.	5
Thus, citation data for each article in our sample was downloaded from Scopus with manual searching based on the article title in quotation marks in the article title drop-down menu.	2
corrfm Mcorr = M corrmm + F corr mf	3
Acknowledgements We want to thank Professor Ronald Barnett for his helpful comments and suggestions.	0
We employ the notion of “cognitive mobility” (Borjas and Doran 2015) to capture the transition in the space of ideas as knowledge producers move from one research topic to another over the course of a career.	3
The second aim of the study was to determine the degree of development and the extent of implementation of the system for defining and regulating research misconduct in a typical scientific community in Croatia.	1
This alternative assessment is also found to be largely consistent with an official ranking of departments carried out in 2011 by the Ministry of Education.	4
This essay reviews the changing functions, and effects, of citation systems in scholarly research as they move from a range of uses primarily oriented around knowledge networking and epistemic validation, to their use as a set of metrics oriented around evaluating and rewarding certain kinds of academic performance (e.g.	1
This evidence supports the second potential advantage of bookmarks over citations, i.e., that bookmarks reflect impact beyond the academic community of authors.	5
An analysis was undertaken of the top 20 journals in which the University of Cape Town's (UCT) research output was published.	2
Overall, the bibliometrics reported here represent something of a paradox: relatively weak intrafield networks and seldom reciprocated interfield links to economics and political science journals, and yet most of these policy journals rank high in total citations and have been trending even higher.	5
Contrary to what one might expect, the scatter plot of %Exc versus %Q1 in Fig.	4
The LDA topic discovery model (Blei et al., 2003) is an unsupervised algorithm for performing statistical topic modeling using a “bag of words” approach that treats each document as a vector of words.	3
With regard to knowledge of Sci-Hub, age was found to be a significant factor in the knowledge of Sci-Hub (p<0.001), younger participants in the questionnaire were more aware of this resource.	4
Our results indicate that character-based and citation-based approaches have complementary strengths.	4
Therefore, the proposed method provides not only one input article (primary article) but also additional articles related to it as an input query to determine the search intention of the user, based on the relationship between two query articles.	1
In conclusion, this study indicates that retraction of articles has no association with the number of citations in the long term, since the retracted articles continue to be cited, thus circumventing their retraction.	5
Spearman's rank correlation tests show that the number of references and that of the citations are correlated with a correlation coefficient of 0.435, 0.464, and 0.180 respectively, in each p < .01.	4
In essence, they provide a nice antidote (and some caution) to the rhetoric and enthusiasm surrounding IDR.	5
We employed two estimation techniques, Pooled OLS and System GMM, to account for alternative treatments of information regarding the type of Scientific Productivity.	3
Regionally, the greatest number of submissions (56.4% of the total) comes from North America, and is followed by East Asia and North Africa/Southwest Asia (tied at 10.3% each), Europe (8.2%), South Asia (6.8%), and sub-Saharan Africa (3.9%).	4
This study is restricted to the WoS by Thomson Reuters.	2
Using Boolean operators "OR", "AND" and "NOT", a search strategy was developed to estimate the total number of published items.	3
This assessment examines the TPs originated from the OIC member countries in terms of: evolution of growth rates, quality of publications, productivity of countries, institutes and authors, collaborative countries, and prevalent topics with major concerns.	1
After a rapid growth from 2006 to 2008, the number of publications of Journal of Nursing Management tend to stabilize with exception of several years in the latest 11 years.	4
La calidad universitaria debe abordarse, por tanto, desde una perspectiva multidimensional, en función de la estrategia que cada institución se marque para dar respuesta a sus misiones.	5
∑i pi log pi, where pi is the proportion of faculty members whose doctoral programs belong to category i.	3
It provided the direction for the literature review, interviews, and questionnaires studies that would follow.	3
In most cases, these works may not be reposted without the explicit permission of the copyright holder.	0
This observation leads to a striking conclusion: it is not always appropriate to use the journal impact factor as an indicator to evaluate the publication performance of institutes and authors.	5
The five goals of CCES have been achieved to varying degrees.	4
The objective of this work is to conduct a strategic analysis by scientific fields and subjects of the scientific research of the universities of a specific country: Spain.	1
Number of clusters was chosen using semipartial R2 and Cubic Clustering Criterion (CCC).	3
A series of 6-person panel scores are offered to illustrate how panel scores can differ substantially depending on whether the Black-Scholes options pricing model or the average is used to consider the relative value and merit of each project (Table 1).	2
Overall, in the first year of its implementation, from September 2022 through August 2023, this workflow added 158 faculty works to the repository from fourteen faculty members.	4
In pursuit of these concerns, we have conducted a study with the aim to analyze the trends of research funding among studies published during the last 30 years in the 10 more influential general and internal medicine journals.	1
Three members of the advisory board in Ambio were the main productive authors.	4
Crosswalk Web of Science metadata to local standards.	3
The momentum of gold OA scientific output by Chinese authors is now largely driven by international publishers, which highlights the need to enhance the independence of the gold OA publishing industry in the Chinese mainland.	5
The present study represents the first effort to explore the geographical distribution, temporal trends, and quality of asbestos research.	5
Based on these data, we calculated Simpson's reciprocal index of diversity for each journal (Hill, 1973).	3
Specifically the study tried to determine whether search volumes of company names are correlated with the companies' business performance and position data.	1
The Salton cosine index can be also applied for measuring the closeness of countries (or organizations) in their joint research (see applications at the country-level in e.g.	3
The proposed method is assessed against an opinion-based ranking published in 2005 for 25 operations research and management science (OR/MS) journals, and seven methods based on citation counts.	1
Finally, usability with an average score of 0.59 was in “middle” condition, meaning that 46 percent of the web sites were in “good” and “very good” condition.	4
The NCI of EDCTP-funded papers for 2003–2011 was exceptionally high for HIV/AIDS (3.24), TB (4.08) and HIV/TB co-infection (5.10) compared with global research benchmarks (1.14, 1.05 and 1.35, respectively).	4
Ethical approval was not deemed necessary for this study as it did not involve any production, analysis or sharing of clinical or personal data.	0
studied the properties of the yeast signaling system that allows cells to adapt to changing osmotic conditions.	3
The standings of recent Nobel laureates are even lower in field-normalized indicators.	5
This article discusses the impact of academic metrics on scholars' perceptions, behaviours, and identities.	1
The research design framework of the current study is depicted in Fig.	0
Research institutes and universities mainly play the role of bridges.	4
In an effort to promote the value of OA and the professional values that surround it, the faculty of the School of Library and Information Management (SLIM) at Emporia State University (ESU) created Guidelines and Evaluative Criteria for Faculty Evaluation and Recognition in an effort to incentivize faculty to publish in OA venues in the school (unit) level.	2
RQ2: In what disciplines and source titles is this happening?	1
This company provided scientific profiles on all of our survey respondents.	2
In addition to directly imported data from Scopus, the study employs the ready-to-use SciVal tools to operate with A&H subcategories and calculate additional bibliometric characteristics, such as Citations per Publication (CPP), Field-Weighted Citation Impact (FWCI), and journal quartiles.	3
The API represented the only feasible method of acquiring network data from Twitter; NodeXL was used to run queries and collect data from the API (Smith et al., 2009).	3
in this paper we explore a metric that uses the number of peer-reviewed, and when available non-peer-reviewed, research articles as an indicator of development in the field of astronomy.	1
We have constructed a model, the first of its kind, that accurately characterizes these options for the biomedical literature.	1
Although probably being rather unusual (according to a preliminary estimation, the error rate in the Scopus database is of the order of magnitude of 1/1,000), the fact remains that this error type could potentially influence the results of bibliometric analyses.	4
Similar conclusions can be reached from the Scopus database (NSB 2016, Figs.	2
Supplementary material related to this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.joi.2020.101068.	0
The hc-index for Scopus records is derived by dividing the number of citations for each publication by a fraction of 4.	3
The phenomena of journal hijacking and citation infiltration should be combated by the entire scholarly community.	5
Correspondence: J Rashbass, Clinical and Biomedical Computing Unit, Clinical School, Addenbrooke's Hospital, Hills Road, Cambridge, CB2 2SP, UK.	0
Key partners of BRICS countries are the traditional leaders in scientific production (primarily the US and also the UK and Germany) and they are determined by the historically established partnerships of BRICS (see Fig.	4
After deleting duplicate records and comments, we finally obtain data sample of 1,364 articles.	2
We developed a respondent selection key to identify sampling targets (Baxter and Eyles 1997; Johnston and Sabin 2010).	3
Our analysis shows a highly skewed distribution of altmetric scores where most papers have such low scores that the scores likely convey little meaningful information.	4
The final dataset included 388 tourism, hospitality and events scholars from 47 countries, including 69 scholars from Australia and New Zealand who were also included in the first dataset.	2
Around one-fifth of the articles (n = 23) were produced by the United States, and the included articles were most cited by the publications (n = 1937) from the United States as well.	4
Between 1974 and 2015, the ABP certified 3,027 pediatric hematologist/ oncologists.	4
We excluded faculty members with no title or titles of lecturer, visiting, adjunct, or emeritus.	0
We also shed light on the methodology to measure inter-disciplinary knowledge diffusion.	5
The annual number of articles had increased from four in 1999 to 53 in 2017.	4
There was no significant difference between self-citation rates in two databases (P>0.05).	4
PAJEK [37] and Gephi [38] packages served as our major analyses and visualisation tools.	3
The Astro Data Set consists of the bibliographic data of 111,616 publications published in the years 2003–2010 in 59 astrophysical journals indexed by Web of Science (see “Data set: journal titles" in Appendix for the list of journal titles).	2
The remaining 10,344 journal articles in 1990–2010 were downloaded along with a total of 2,42,972 citations that they received.	2
Our results show that LSTM and NNAR outperform other models in predicting the value of popularity score measured by MAE and RMSE, while LightGBM is a competitive baseline in ranking the topics in terms of NDCG@20.	4
The routine identified 294 UTs among the 349 records included in the sample.	4
if IF > IF, it is a top article where IF, is the chosen threshold).	3
= 178,855 recommendations for np = 140,240 papers, of which 131,456 papers have a digital object identifier, DOI) in November 2016.	2
Then, the method of multi-dimensional scaling (MDS) was applied to visualize co-word clusters, which were predefined by the cluster analysis based on proximity.	3
Regarding authorship according to gender, 288 males (59.1%) and 199 female authors (40.9%) were found.	4
In this paper, we explore the design space for such studies in an attempt to reach common ground.	1
Based on our results, policies aimed at increasing the awareness of free online access initiatives in developing countries should therefore be encouraged.	5
Figure 4 shows that the Scopus database gains the highest importance in the Social sciences while WoS and GS attain the second and third important places, respectively in the same domain.	4
The graphical analysis uses bibliographic coupling, co-citation, citation, and co-occurrence of keywords.	3
In particular, we exclude the countries which have less than 30 co-author adjusted publications in 2012.	2
We normalize observed citation scores according to expected citation activities in the respective WoS journal subject categories to which publications are linked through their journals, also taking into consideration comparable publication years (Waltman et al.	3
In this paper we have explored whether metrics are part of researchers' notion of good research, and whether metrics are used when reviewing research.	5
2, among 466 universities, 415 (~89.06%) have developed dedicated documents of research integrity guidelines.	4
The developmental modes in the pharmaceutical industry can be grouped into three categories: pushed by only science, pushed by only technology, and pushed by science and technology simultaneously.	4
On the other hand, Mexicans often tweeted about street markets selling organic products, suggesting the importance of this street market culture in Mexico.	5
16–17)) was undertaken: first, the journals were ranked, in descending order, according to the number of published papers referenced by the master theses; and, second, divided into 3 journal zones each containing an approximately equal share of papers.	3
More specifically, its goal is to analyse how different partners (international and national) can affect the impact of publications depending on their role as corresponding author.	1
The final results of author relationship mining will be visualized by the Network Workbench Tool software with the analysis of MST-PathFinder Network Scaling.	3
Innovative applications are discouraged by peer review because they are less likely to be funded (Horrobin 1996; Spier 2002), yet other applications are awarded more funds than the researchers actually need (Berezin 2001).	4
The Second Law that showed that Paper Shares were directly proportional to GERD Shares, where the constant of proportionality k? (relative efficiency) depended on the particular nation.	4
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 747 times since 2013*	0
The top 10 English journals are responsible for the publication of 72 (50.3%) papers, of which, J Med Virol is the highest (18, 12.6%), followed by Euro Surveillance (16, 11.2%) and Lancet (13, 9.1%) (Table 1).	4
ORs for articles published in the first three places of an issue compared with the last three places were calculated.	3
Twitter was the most popular Altmetric resource among dental journals.	4
The biggest increase in these two journals is the papers with more than 10 authors, going from ~10% to ~60% in Cell and Nature Cell Biology (Figure 1, B and C).	4
The coverage of MAG, COCI, and S2ORC is 59.6%, 34.7%, and 23.5%, respectively.	4
Our initial list of such awards was compiled from the following three sources: the list of awards and honors from the US National Research Council; the “list of prizes, medals and awards” from Wikipedia and searching of relevant pages on Wikipedia; the available information from various national and international organizations, learned societies, academy of sciences, etc.	2
We have to accentuate that we are aware of the limitations of the methodology used in this paper.	0
Bibliometric data are frequently used to study the effects of events, such as the honoring of a scholar with an award, and to investigate changes of citation impact over time.	1
This paper also shows that the citation impact of new issues varies substantially between fields, on average.	5
First, higher education research is highly diverse due to its interdisciplinary and applied, or even mode-2, character of research (Teichler 1996; Altbach et al. 2007; Krücken 2012).	5
We included studies with published errata or corrigenda that covered neurosurgical topics, with a focus on brain and spine diseases.	2
The regression coefficient of ISM betweenness centrality is negative, indicating that the indirect connection between two countries hinders the scientific research cooperation between them, further proving the importance of the direct connection in ISM networks.	4
The metadata elements related to teaching experience and contact were used the least (see Figure 1).	4
This article analyzes the actual research usage of Spanish- and Portuguese-language books and articles at UNM for several purposes: to determine which academic departments use Spanish- and Portuguese-language materials; to gather data for collection development decisions; to measure the broad impact of these foreign language materials on the research mission of the university; and to justify continued support for these historic collections.	1
Therefore, research ethics and academic freedom are perceived to be positively correlated because more freedom also requires more personal responsibility.	5
For each resident, we recorded the number of total publications, original articles, case reports, reviews, and letters.	3
In addition, when ti comes to explaining the patterns of exclusion, the senior scientists' power to exclude appears to be a more important factor than differences in preferen- ces over patents and publications.	5
This “maximum parallelization credit” rule can be applied to future papers as well as past papers or without any agreement of publishing houses, even when coauthors do not, or cannot, communicate how they were organized, or when the journal does not wish to require such information.	5
Journals were the most frequently cited sources, followed by books, government documents, Internet resources, and miscellaneous resources.	4
This increase correlates with the increasing number of authors (3.6 in 1985 to 7.1 in 2015, 97% increase) per manuscript.	0
I generally use the Journal Citation Reports (Web of Science), which I consider trustworthy.	2
These data align with previous observations in highlighting the increasing leverage of teamwork in scientific research (Wuchty, Jones & Uzzi, 2007; Jones, Wuchty & Uzzi, 2008).	5
The present article is applied research performed by using an analytical approach as well as text mining techniques.	3
Using a large-scale bibliometric database containing 198,310 papers published 1975–2012 in the field of operations research (OR), we propose prediction models of whether a scholar would perform well on a number of future success metrics using statistical models trained with data from the scholar's first five years of publication, a subset of the information available to tenure committees.	1
That is, print books, and subject and course guides use were negatively correlated with the faculty’s research productivity, whereas journal and database use were positively correlated with their research productivity, indicating the more faculty used print books or course guides, the less productive they were.	4
Is the growth of the citations in funded research different from unfunded research?	1
Publications are attributed to countries on the basis of the authors’ country of affiliation using fractional counting.	3
Stacy has written and presented widely about altmetrics and library services.	0
According to the data in Table 1, there are higher proportions of SBs among the key papers of the Nobel laureates, as 9.09% in physics and 18.52% in economics respectively during 1995–2010, in which 2 SBs in physics and 3 SBs in economics belong to typical sleeping beauties on the basis of ‘citation angle’.	4
This paper has examined different possible links between academic productivity and co-authorship.	5
Social sciences and health sciences are less globalized than physical and life sciences.	4
Of those who reviewed, respondents reported dedicating 2–5% of their total annual work time to grant review and, based on their self-reported maximum review loads, it is estimated they are participating at 56–87% of their capacity, which may have important implications regarding the sustainability of the system.	4
The second method is based on the use of LDA topic models.	3
The Gini index (Gastwirth 1972) was calculated to check the heterogeneity of the distributions.	3
Of the 1,451 awards examined in this study, 1,184 (or 81.8%) went to 844 individuals from 257 higher education institutions in 35 countries.	2
This study enables us to understand the contemporary Silk Road of knowledge dissemination and that virtual social interactions shape the structure of human knowledge, as indicated by the massive records of online-based collaborative knowledge in the form of Wikipedia.	5
The first science funding system originated in Germany, in the middle ages of Europe.	0
Bibliometric study – Using mathematical and statistical methods to study and identify patterns in the usage of library collections and services; or assaying the historical development of any distinctive part of literature, especially its use, publication, and authorship (Reitz, 2014b).	3
We have been looking forward to the opportunity to express our sincere appreciation to the members of the Society for Medical Decision Making who participated in our research and to the Society’s executive board who kindly granted us permission to do the study.	0
In this study, we chose the matrix of 10,000+ journals contained in the Journal Citation Reports 2016 citing each other.	2
Although data are available from sources such as Google Scholar, SCOPUS, and the Institute of Scientific Information (ISI), we use citation data from the ISI's Journal Citation Report (JCR) because their database presents the most efficient means of the three to extract the incoming and outgoing citations.	2
What was the status of the process and distribution of COVID-19-related research papers on the LIS journal?	1
This paper offers a rationale for why disruptive research tends to be associated with small teams.	5
The topic is divided into various subtopics and is moderated by a team of participants under faculty mentors.	3
The rich club coefficient p(k) (Colizza et al.	3
Distribution of residuals for the fit of the proposed Unified Law of Zipf	0
To determine deployment and content, webometrics research methods were employed.	3
Associations between quantity of resident publications – and ABIM, mini-CEX and performance assessment scores – were determined using multivariate linear regression.	3
We apply our findings in a recent Italian research assessment exercise.	1
Indices of scholarly productivity included number of publications, h-index, m-quotient, and total citations.	3
Yi Zhang received the dual Ph.D degrees in management science & engineering from Beijing Institute of Technology 2016 and in software engineering from University of Technology Sydney 2017.	0
Sincere thanks are due to the reviewers for their constructive suggestions.	0
All electronic invitations received from predatory publishers and fraudulent conferences were collected over a 6-month period (28th April to 27th October 2016) following the first publication of a junior researcher as a corresponding author.	2
Information about research resources and activities of the year 2015 was gathered by means of an online survey sent to the authors identified in the bibliometric study.	2
The results demonstrated that the number of female scholars was significantly lower compared to their male counterparts.	4
The case-studies in this article show how special issues are one driver of journal growth, helping to maximize profile and citation impact.	5
The gender gap in citation does not only perpetuate hegemonic masculinity, but also masculinizes the knowledge base by promoting certain ideas at the detriment of others.	5
Among the 12,266 journals initially listed in the 2017 JCR, we removed the several hundred duplicate entries, as well as the few journals whose IF was listed as zero or not available.	2
The purpose of this article is to introduce a new scientometric index—the Language Diversity Index.	5
Last, we found that the emerging topics nominated by our two-step solution include some important topics in the field, including recently awarded Nobel prizes.	5
They used SciVal analytical tool as a bibliometric tool that allows the analysis of publications in various parameters, and VOSviewer and Excel software as drawing all citation maps.	3
Monographic special issues imply a considerably shorter publication time for an article - from reception to acceptance- compared to papers in non-monographic issues.	5
The results indicate that the thematic areas revealing the greatest relevance throughout the last three decades (1990–2019) are behaviour and health.	4
Drawing on interviews with 22 academic researchers and the works of public commentators, I devise a typology of perceptions on STEMM collaboration: Pragmatic, Cosmopolitan, CCP-critic, and Leftist.	3
Among the chairs, men published 30% more articles and were cited 64% more than women (p<0.001) (Tables 1, 5 and 6).	4
The decision tree analysis suggests that established male academics made the most reviews, while young female scholars are the most demanding reviewers.	4
A bibliometric analysis was developed to analyse a final sample of 1150 articles published between 1979 and 2018.	2
This is only a rough guide to what the world might expect in the years and decades to come.	0
The main research question is: do younger researchers collaborate more internationally than their senior colleagues?	1
As such, when used in research assessment, the purpose of bibliometric indicators is to quantify the performance and/or impact of a large set of scholarship products (referred to, in the following, also as “research products" or simply as "papers").	1
Some new concepts (at the sub-set level of the main themes) not found in the Case 3) records were identified in the Case 2) records.	4
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly credited.	0
Papers in core demographic subfields including (a) fertility and family, (b) ageing, health and mortality, (c) migration, and (d) data and methods are more likely to be co-authored than those in other themes.	4
Most respondents (54%) said that the corresponding author “uploaded the files, managed the revisions and wrote the response to reviewers, and took responsibility for the paper after publication.”	4
Some of the most frequently used terms were even indexed over 200 times, including Social Media 264 times, Data 261 times, Web 245 times, and E-Government 225 times.	4
The most productive countries tend to be the most scientifically autarchic ones, with a large fraction of self-loops.	4
Prolific scientists are more likely to move, but this impulse is constrained by recent NIH funding.	4
Using Google Scholar Metrics, we obtained a list of the top 20 journals in the field of marine and fisheries sciences, ordered by their five-year h-index (Google, 2021).	2
At the 'control order', however, the correlation between the number of Author-pays papers and that of Green papers was significantly negative, implying that any increase or decrease in the number of Author-pays papers was inversely associated to the authors' tendencies towards the Green model and vice versa.	4
Four journals related to chemical engineering, with an impact factor above two, were selected, namely Water Research (WR), Waste Management (WM), Chemical Engineering Science (CES) and Chemical Engineering Journal (CEJ).	2
Does it influence the citation of corrected papers?	1
(1) How to construct a new framework to detect transfer of knowledge from basic science to technology?	1
The goal of this bibliometric study is to identify the themes or topics in the research of transition economies and emerging markets.	1
The method distinguishes direct interactions from indirect interactions, as described above.	3
In this section, we analyse the results of the Italian research evaluation assessment for the period 2004-2010 from a territorial perspective.	2
The measurement of the research output of universities: problems and proposals	0
Briefly, this work provides a comprehensive macro-level view of GEQR and offers new perspectives on global environmental quality from a total environment standpoint.	5
This indicates that NS articles tended to cite current literature in most situations, which is consistent with the characteristic of NS literature (Burton and Kebler 1960).	5
In order to further strengthen and promote the scholarly community, as well as their research capacity, and to maintain public trust in SSH research, we recommend that policymakers encourage self-sustaining research, nationwide collaboration, and empower female researchers.	5
The assignments were checked by a second researcher of our team, and disagreements were resolved by consensus.	0
The answer seems to be that the higher education sector has become dependent on a different kind of peer review, a peer review of myth rather than a peer review of practice.	5
Overall, 32 percent (n=95) of 300 responders expressed familiarity with the idea of author identifiers used to distinguish publications.	4
RAs from top-tier journals with high impact factors3 ranging from 14.4 to 168.9 in hard disciplines and 2.3 to 13.7 in soft disciplines (Web of Science) were included.	2
The number of scientific papers from Mainland China recorded by Scopus in the year 2011 is 234,600 (excluding papers by Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan), contributing almost 12.26 % of the whole world's production.	2
BSI publications and citations were good during 1978 to 1986, followed by a long recession between 1987 to 2005; it again increased from 2006 onwards.	5
The objective of this study was to make a current diagnosis of the scientific production of Ibero-American researchers on information literacy and information competences during the last four decades.	1
In all three goals, social (media) activities are prioritized.	4
We explore the potential misalignment of India's disease burden and research attention as measured by research outputs, using biomedical publications related to those diseases as a proxy.	1
We used Various programs to analyse AJET: the Analyse Results and Creation Citation Report applications established by WoS on its platform, the VOSviewer software to generate a map of collaborations between countries and institutions and SciMAT to carry out a longitudinal study on the structural and dynamic development of scientific production.	3
The effect of open access was smaller and vanished when correcting for institutions, which might be explained by a greater uptake of open access across the Dutch ecosystem.	5
In ConSyn, the texts of 350 articles published in the JOI from 2007 to 2013 were retrieved and downloaded.	2
Received: 21 March 2024 / Accepted: 26 July 2024 / Published online: 9 August 2024	0
To carry out our analysis, we rely on data extracted from Scopus, which is one of the most prominent bibliographic repositories worldwide1.	2
2 A more detailed description of the survey can be found in Briviba et al.	0
Multiple attributes of first-authorship—including knowledge, research skills, and critical thinking—could boost the CP by a ratio of 1:1.06.	4
This article specifically highlights some economics and finance journals that have particularly high rank SD across the 10 PoP metrics.	5
Differences were tested with the Mann-Whitney U test and indicated by lines between the bars.	0
The objective is to measure collaboration behavior at the “international”, “domestic extramural”, and “intramural” levels for TSs, to see if this behavior differs by gender from that of their colleagues.	1
This study examined the performance of the Greek Universities' Economics Departments.	5
1998; Seggie and Griffith 2009), this study documents the recent research productivity over the 2007–2016 period of faculty at 30 leading marketing departments and explores how productivity evolves over the course of faculty's careers (before vs.	1
We selected three types of documents for further analysis for which complete bibliographic information was available: original articles, reviews, and conference papers.	2
Based on the Delphi results, to contrast the internal composition of the research incentive system, 259 academic researchers from a Spanish university were subjected to an exploratory factor analysis.	3
The proposed MPA is superior to the classical MPA, 14 out of 24 and 12 out of 18.	4
A bibliometric and patentometric analysis was conducted on the grantees and set aside to check against the survey.	3
Thus, Mendeley reader counts may even be useful as early impact indicators for articles before they have been officially published in a journal issue.	4
This extreme manner cannot be observed in the other two lists that we have analysed (Figs 2 and 3).	0
Understanding the pace of AI from the perspective of AI publications, AI players, and AI updates (trial and error) is the focus of this study.	1
The model allows analyzing how the submission cost, the accuracy of referees and the number of published papers affect additional equilibrium characteristics.	4
Bibliometric analysis conducted by two independent reviewers separately used Scopus Library for data extraction by using medical subject heading and International Classification of Diseases keywords.	2
There were no correlations between disease topic and downloads (R2 = 0.016, P=0.03), citations (R2 = 0.011, P=0.29) or Altmetric (R2 = 0.025, P = 0.02).	4
We used descriptive statistics to report our analysis.	3
We then linked each reference with a Scopus article ID (where possible) using reference matching techniques, and identified the topic associated with each reference using the document-to-topic assignments from the SciTech Strategies (STS) model of science, which consists of over 58 million documents assigned to 91,726 topics (Klavans and Boyack 2017).	3
This paper is interested in different means to generate texts such as recurrent neural network, Markov model, or probabilistic context free grammar, and if it is possible to detect them using a current approach.	1
We find that the indexed preprint servers were used for dramatically different topics (Fig.	4
(c) What are the distinctions in publishing modes between Chinese Open Access journals and globally recognized Open Access journals?	1
The best fit statistical model describing the number of citations a paper received (total citations received for standard papers published 1987–2011 inclusive) included only the year of publication (older papers received more citations; F24,2408 = 22.9, P < 0.001), paper length (longer papers received more citations; F1,2408 = 133.1, P < 0.001) and the presence/absence of a species name in the manuscript title (Fig.	4
The records were also imported into the CLUTO (CLUstering TOolkit) software (Karypis 2010).	3
SI Appendix, Section II presents the regression specifications, BIC, VIF, and cross-validation statistics, and robustness checks.	0
(2) What are the processes involved in unmaking e-waste?	1
Table 3 shows that, among the first-level indicators, the indicator with the largest proportion of weight is research quality, with 58.8%.	4
To address these shortcomings, we propose an easy to apply, universally comparable and fair tool to measure and report author contribution.	1
How are the sentiments FM expressed in the texts related to their star ratings?	1
Let us now focus on the HCPs for the French HCRs from the latest annual list.	0
It is against this backdrop that this study assessed contributions of the MDGs/SDGs activities on water and sanitation targets to reducing cholera outbreaks.	1
Given the periodization of the studied trends, information technology has likely influenced citation dispersal.	5
The hmen index may thus provide clues to the further career development of these young authors.	5
In order to identify the key nodes that bridge different communities, a vulnerability analysis is given by continuously removing nodes from the giant component and examining the connectivity of the remaining network.	3
Received: 3 April 2021 / Accepted: 15 October 2021 / Published online: 1 December 2021	0
As a result, research assessment should balance between short- & long-term scientific impact; Also, discipline and time play a role in the length of the citation window when using DI to measure the innovativeness of scientific work.	5
that most African science collaboration flows through international gates.	5
We do the same for the subsequent division rules, which are independent of the allocation, too.	0
A total of 3,915 papers written by 10,687 authors were examined.	2
Specifically, the Mantel-Haenszel row risk ratio (5), column risk ratio (6) and odds ratio (7) are computed as follows:	3
Nearly 20% of the RUnits with ‘high’ or ‘very high’ impact had been rated as ‘good’ or ‘very good’ and only 7% had simultaneously ‘high’ or ‘very high’ impact and had ‘excellent’ peer evaluation.	4
Relational and economic factors, such as salary and benefits, do not demonstrate any additional impact.	4
We would like to thank Damien Besancenot, Glenn Ellison and Joao Faria for their comments.	0
In early 2012, we used "Publish or Perish" (PoP, Harzing, 2010) software to collect researchers' CVs from Google Scholar.	2
Documents were collected, including regulations on the operation of the SNI, assessment criteria guidelines, and other internal documents.	2
They do not necessarily reflect the views or official positions of the European Commission, the European Research Council Executive Agency or the ERC Scientific Council.	0
Density of this network was 0.0806; this means that only 8.06% of the total potential relationships in the network have been actualized.	4
To summarize, our findings suggest that researchers should be careful when interpreting scientific references in search reports as delineating the relevant sources of inspiration of the inventive process.	5
In this study, we focus on novelty of publications.	3
First author geography is not statistically significant (Likelihood ratio X2(6) = 9.07, p = 0.170) when HDI is added to the baseline model, indicating that variation among countries in HDI can explain the variation among mean review scores among geographic regions (Table 5b; Model 3).	4
The search was conducted in October 2014 and included all articles published since 1945.	2
The number of articles is 2941 and far more than other types of publications.	4
GS found nearly all the WoS (95%) and Scopus (92%) citations.	4
To address this issue Sidiropoulos, Katsaros, and Manolopoulos (2007) proposed the contemporary h-index (he-index), which gives less weight to older articles.	3
The results showed that the number of themes has increased significantly over the years and that gender differences in higher education and science have been considered by specific research disciplines, suggesting important research-field-specific variations.	4
(a) Total number of Ph.D.s awarded in economics, history, physics and psychology.	0
The 'selective' reduction of government funding results as inequitable and counter-productive since it negates to the low-tier universities the chance to improve their performance over the long term through generational change due to a lack of investment possibilities.	5
We used ScopusTM to count citations, recording the total number of citations from publication until the date of checking.	2
We see for example from Table 2 that after the recursive improvement US accounts for 43.9% of the totalized output, marginally higher than the 40.8% registered before “repeated improvement”.	4
There were 67 journals under the subject category of “Orthopedics" in Journal Citation Reports for 2013.	2
Only categories with a higher than 0.5 percentage points are displayed due to space constraints.	0
To assist in analysing how well the monitoring model complies with principles of responsible research assessment, we are using the SCOPE framework designed by the INORMS Research Evaluation Group.	3
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
The metrics of research productivity describing the types of research outputs included the number of papers, books and chapters published in books, the number of patents, utility models and function samples, and the number of research projects conducted.	2
is CORE, which vows to provide a holistic view including contributions contained in aforementioned well established indexers.	2
Downloaded from dij.sagepub.com at East Tennessee State University on June 17, 2015	0
Here we mention only a few that have been published in journals indexed by prestigious Brazilian and international databases:	0
Despite extensive investigation into various factors that influence a scientist’s choice of research topics, quantitative assessments of mechanisms that give rise to macroscopic patterns characterizing research-interest evolution of individual scientists remain limited.	1
The edge factor is normalized so that the average edge factor across all contributions is 100.	0
These analyses suggest that the domain of depression is fragmented, and that advancements of relevance to one stakeholder group (academics, industry, or patients) may not translate to the others.	5
6 See Mouritzen and Opstrup (2020: 25) for a very similar causal model.	0
Specifically, the following logistic regression predicts some index IID,Y+n of a target (ID) after n years from a particular year(Y).	3
*Reprint requests: David Glaser, MD, Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, University of Pennsylvania, 3400 Spruce St, 2 Silverstein, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.	0
Statistically significant differences were found between monographs and non-monographs as regards the number of authors per papers t(1111) = ?6.485, p < .001, articles in monographic special issues having a lower number of authors per paper (X = 2.69; (SD = 1.46, N = 284) versus non-monographic issues (X = 3.40, SD = 1.63, N = 829).	4
C4 owns highest centrality and highest density among the whole research networks of this period.	4
The key finding is that, in addition to computing and television, computer graphics has deep roots in radar-related technologies and aircraft instrumentation.	4
Bibliometric indices were obtained from Scopus and Web of Science for faculty from research-intensive United States pharmacy schools.	2
Data regarding gross domestic expenditure in research and development as percent of the GDP (GERD) for the year 2015 were obtained from the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) (http://www.unesco.org, accessed at January 20, 2019).	2
In this article, we have investigated what characterizes firms that 'bring home the bacon' in terms of EU research and innovation funds.	5
Political science should take its commitment to transparency more seriously by insisting that researchers publish complete replication files, making every step of research as explicit and reproducible as is practical.	1
We selected journals (i) included in the ISI Subject Category of Engineering-Manufacturing (by WoS1) and (ii) covered by Scopus (Thomson Reuters 2015, Scopus Elsevier 2015).	2
Lastly, the difference in the number of “thanked commenters” or attributions between each economist's two publications described above is regressed on the number of years between the two publications (i.e., the variable Years) in order to explore any age effects in the data.	3
This article corrects the interpretation and statistical inference for the MHq indicator and proposes a new indicator, MHRR.	1
In this category, the number of persons included is rather small, and the results have less reliability.	0
Neurocomputing is the most popular journal for Chinese scholars in the field of SVM with 422 publications.	4
We employed two specific indicators—coverage and intensity—each defined as follows:	3
Section 5 presents the discussion, conclusions and implications of the results.	0
The study further concluded that a high number of home authorship in various journals of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa exists.	5
However, less than half described the h-index as an author quality indicator, which has been contested, and caveats about h-index use were inconsistently presented, suggesting room for improvement.	5
QS rates poorly in the three areas where the research rankings do well: materiality, objectivity and externality.	4
RQ3: Who are the most influential authors of the strategic management field according to their author fitness in the co-authorship and citation network in which they participate?	1
Looking at Figure 2, we can see that the most popular topics in cybernetics research are engineering and computer science.	4
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2018 9	0
A qualitative strategy (Denzin and Lincoln, 2000) was used integrating extensive semi-structured interviews as well as documents and reports analysis, and internal and external assessment of the centers taken as case studies.	3
I validate the present method by comparing with previous techniques, showing excellent agreement yet uncovering significant variations of scores of articles in previously defined categories.	4
We also study trends in co-authorship behavior as reflected in our data.	3
The data were downloaded in September 2011 in a tab-delimited format.	2
The editorial changes implemented from the 1980s onwards led MIOC to a relevant growth concerning annual publications and its transformation into an important communication vehicle for researchers from several Brazilian organisations besides Fiocruz, as well as organisations from other countries, especially within Latin America.	5
In addition, we investigated whether there is a relationship between whether an article is published in English and whether it is published in an OA journal.	1
The consideration of only those papers published before 2013 with (a) at least two ratings of faculty members and (b) bibliometric data available in the in-house database reduces the F1000Prime data set (n = 94,641 papers, see above) to n = 16,557 papers for this study.	2
Organizations with coleadership published more papers (P<.001, 2015 and 2017), which received higher citations (Z-13.547, P<.001, 2017), compared to those without coleadership.	4
We searched PubMed for all articles published by all 39 authors between 1990 and 2014, using the full name of the author (as appearing in the selected article) as the search term.	2
In this article, we analyze the Google search statistics of Nature and Science between 2004 and 2019 as provided by Google Trends to relatively assess the development of general and scientific interest and affinity to the two journals over the years.	1
In management, 175 practitioner authors participated in research collaborations, and 90.8 percent worked for companies, government agencies, or academic institutions.	4
Moreover, the findings of the current study provide an insight on the frequency of citations for top cited articles published in Medical Informatics as well as quality of the works, journals, and the trends steering Medical Informatics.	5
Our analysis of the global trends in knowledge production is based on the Thomson Reuters Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) of the Web of Science, which covers articles2 published in more than 1000 journals in the disciplines of the social sciences and includes addresses of all authors as well as the list of references for each paper.	2
The MELIBEA Directory and Estimator of OA Policies provided a classification of the OA mandates in terms of their specific conditions (assuming a numerical value for each condition plus an overall score based on a weighted combination of eight of those conditions as an estimate of policy strength).	2
With data cleaning, word segmentation, stop words removal, and vectorization on the text of candidate directions recommended by NSSFC, awards and papers performed, the LDA topic model was applied to practice the topic model.	3
Aside from other factors such as articles published in the journal and the number of classifications, we find that journal quality, as measured by inclusion in the UT Dallas top journal list, has a significant effect on cross-disciplinary knowledge flows.	4
The results show differences between areas in terms of presence of FA and types of funding sectors.	4
The Chinese respondents comprised 49.81 percent males and 43.35 percent females and a balance of sciences (38.4%) and non-sciences (52.55%).	2
This study is a survey with a scientometric approach focusing on the field of e-learning products over 10 years.	1
Maslow's notions about the nature of psychology—initially unpopular and idiosyncratic— came into fashion as psychology became more person-centred in the 70s.	5
Information was collected using the Web of Science Core Collection database.	2
The total number of journals retrieved was 163.	4
The present study covers eleven years from 2005 to 2015.	2
The two main research trends identified in the literature include (a) relationship between EBMs’ authority and journal ranking indices and (b) direct EBMs’ impact on journal ranking.	0
The main objective is to compare the patterns of publication, collaboration and impact according to the geographic scope of the research —that is, topics targeting national readership, and topics that reach beyond the national frontier.	1
Thus, this article serves three related purposes: (1) it presents a brief bibliographic history of Agribusiness; (2) it identifies what material from the journal is being used by others in their research as well as who has published in the journal; and (3) it provides a glimpse into the activities of its editors and presents a brief case study of one organization's evolution.	1
The literature for the 1980s to the present is sparser and much of it is anecdotal.	0
We then calculated the engagement rate of Biological Invasions' social media accounts as the number of engagements/number of impressions x 100 (Wadhwa et al.	3
The dataset used in the paper covers 42–71 countries (depending on the ranking and data availability).	2
1 Example of user-interface as seen by the editor in ScholarOne.	0
WTEC recently conducted a survey to complement the Pew survey with expert opinions on world leadership in S&T.	3
Can we help predict the future impact of researchers using early-career factors?	1
Using the same NSF categories, universities top research fields were identified by total R&D dollars expended.	3
The bibliometric dataset used to measure output is extracted from the Observatory of Public Research (ORP), a database developed by the authors and derived under license from Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science (WoS).	2
Annual research output was calculated using Excellence in Research for Australia (ERA) data.	3
Therefore, some syntactic (type of authorship, relation i.e.	3
Preprint repositories appear particularly appropriate to observe the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and of the consequent containment measures on the production of novel scientific knowledge at a short temporal distance from its outbreak.	2
Most papers were published in English and produced in the United States.	4
The how is reflected in the thoughts on alternative approaches in knowledge production through expanding contexts, places, and evaluation criteria of academic research (Nowotny, Scott, and Gibbons 2001).	0
There is a tendency for the rate of collaboration to increase.	5
The first year of the analysis is 1970.	2
1 School of Economics and Management, Southeast University, Nanjing 210096, People’s Republic of China	0
Obstetrics and gynecology featured the highest percentage of women-first authors, whereas orthopedics had the lowest.	4
2012 ASIS&T Published online 20 November 2012 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
Each paper was assigned to a unique Natural Science field/subfield using the Science Metrix journal classification.	3
Our results show that using NLP we can encode a semantic space of articles, while GNN we enable us to build a relational space where the social practices of a research community are also encoded.	4
The dataset was built using two bibliographic databases: Clarivate Web of Science (WoS), and Scopus.	2
This study took place as part of the abstract submission and evaluation of the 29th Biennial Subjective Probability Utility and Decision Making conference (SPUDM) in 2023, hosted at the Vienna University of Economics and Business.	2
However, the null hypothesis that negative research shocks do not cause negative shocks in GDP can be rejected for Italy, Japan and the US.	4
The secondary objectives included the evaluation of the students' characteristics, h-index, total citations, citations per article, and academic position.	1
The first and last authors' forenames were submitted to a previously validated multinational database (Gender API) for gender prediction.	3
Downloaded from sss.sagepub.com at UNIV NEBRASKA LIBRARIES on April 9, 2015	0
However, studies evaluating the physiotherapy treatment regime and healthcare cost of rehabilitation are lacking.	5
Scientists should not underestimate the issue of misconduct research behaviour because the entire research and publication process relies on trust.	5
Papers with female and male first authors were equally likely to be sent for peer review.	4
The 60 publishers are listed at the Appendix A of this article.	0
We performed our analysis using the publicly available subset of RAMP data (Wheeler et al., 2020) collected from 35 participating repositories between January 1 and May 31, 2019.	2
The Gunnarsson paper is one of 28 references in the reference section (RE field) of the citing paper and was used as its basis.	0
MEDLINE database was searched to identify researches published by Indian physiotherapists during the period between January 2000 and May 2014.	2
The row sums indicate the observed citation scores which we designate Observed Paper Scores (OPS).	4
In effect, the analyses conducted show that at the regional level, the lowest values of SSI are obtained for the most populated regions, where there are a relatively high number of large-sized research organizations, active over a wide spectrum of hard sciences SCs.	4
To investigate this, I estimated the following two citation models for 36,019 articles published in 226 economics journals between 2001 and 2005 (standard errors are in parentheses):	3
Employing a pre-experimental research design, the approach focused on a single group of children without a comparison or control group, administering a pre-test-posttest to 19 children aged 7 to 12.	3
The application of the h index provides a reference for medical students, residents, residency program directors, and many others to gauge academic performance and establish appropriate benchmarks.	5
To take into account discrepancy among countries the sum of IF of all published papers for each country were divided by the national GDP (GDP expressed in current hundred billion US dollars) and by the population size (expressed in millions of inhabitants).	3
However, the Cramér's V value (0.0749) indicates a very weak association (Rea & Parker, 1992), moreover positive.	4
aThis table includes articles 1–20; see Supplementary Table 1 for articles 21–100.	0
Through the bibliographic review, arguments and points of view are coherently discussed that allow to explore the relationship between the post-truth phenomenon and scientific divulgation.	2
Bold values on the diagonal of the Table are always set to 1.0 and represent the correlation of a variable with itself	0
Utilizing a bibliometric analysis, our study offers a comprehensive and up-to-date identification and assessment of the current situation and dynamics of transatlantic scientific collaboration.	3
In this study, we aim to answer the following research questions: What is the cause of this renewed interest?	1
Ucinet6 software [Suominen (2014); Swar and Khan (2014); Kim et al.	3
The primary objective of this article is to summarize a general overview of COVID-19 vaccine research to provide a reference and more possibilities for future research and application.	1
Finally, the search was limited to the four thematic categories used by Web of Science for the field of education: Education and Educational Research; Education in Scientific Disciplines; Special Education; and Educational Psychology.	2
More precisely, we discover that these two personality traits have compensatory effects, such that openness to experience and conscientiousness each matter most in the absence of the other.	4
The public Science-Metrix journal classification list (22 categories) was used for this (Archambault, Beauchesne, & Caruso, 2011), with extensions for large reputable scholarly journals that had been omitted.	3
The job enlargement strategy has implications on the performance of the librarians in service delivery, and efficiency and effectiveness in the execution of their duties.	5
This paper chose open source community of Python as the research object.	2
In particular, it uses a linear regression model to examine how a winner's longevity is affected by (1) the age at which the prestigious award is won, (2) the total number of prestigious awards collected, and (3) the delay between the Nobel Prize work and recognition.	1
Word analysis was applied to determine the frequency of words in the abstract, headings, keywords and publications (Uk?ul, 2016).	3
Moreover, the expected incentive to the reviewer is ψ/(1 – (qH + qM)/(pH + pM)) if the marginal cost c is high enough, ?	4
Finally, we provide strong evidence that, while both complexity and competition play a role in producing higher author counts on published research articles, the role of complexity held steady or declined in the aughts, while the role of competition increased markedly.	5
In the count, a publication was considered once regardless of the number of authors from each country.	0
3(b)], it becomes clear that a group of terms lined up along the diagonal originating from 0, which separated the BT/NT dimension and the common term dimension.	0
Using Scopus, each article (N = 81) was searched to obtain bibliographic information and subsequent second and third generation citations.	3
A series of measures for data quality control are adopted in the CSSCI system.	3
How do librarians perceive their role and the academic library's role in promoting OA publishing?	1
In this article, we study the evaluation of talented early career researchers, as done in grant allocation processes.	1
Following extensive evidence from creativity research and theoretical deliberations, we operationalized multiple indicators of openness and idea density for bibliometric research.	1
VOSviewer 1.6.17, BibExcel and Microsoft Excel were used for data analysis and visualization.	3
For the purpose of the study, the researcher selected 100 faculties from Pondicherry University, India from Science, Management, Humanities and Social Sciences in a broad category.	2
For co-citation analysis, a data source of related articles on healthcare is required.	2
i = 1–230 patents and Zi = {mixed team, e-com, sci-rep, sci-spe, tech-spe, team size, tech-complex, tech-interdisc, S&T dist, lab size, ind-rep, CNRS}.	0
The main explanatory variable is significant for the two models with response variables that relate to local publications: the percentage of papers published in RISC Core and the percentage of citations from RISC Core.	4
In the decade since, the significant rise in the number of citations and citation classics also sheds light on how our specialty has evolved, but perhaps even more so on trends in research, writing, referencing, and publishing.	5
The citations ranged from 100 to 2,009 in total, and the median number of citation was 147 [Table 2].	4
This article aims at filling this gap by developing and testing empirically a quantitative measure of the extent the (past or expected) performance of beneficiaries is taken into account when distributing public R&D funding, broadly identified through the perimeter of Global Budgetary Appropriations for R&D (GBARD) in the Frascati Manual (FM) (OECD 2015).	1
Our results show that scientific fraud in the biomedical field is not only harmful to science as a whole and, at the individual level, to the fraudulent scientist, but also to the innocent scientists whose only fault might have been choosing to work with the wrong colleague.	5
Furthermore, in response to mixed results regarding the effects of multidisciplinarity on research performance, this study explores how human resource management (HRM) practices may moderate this link.	1
The study successfully achieved its 4 objectives: developing a clustering algorithm for ACs, creating a platform for easy visualization creation, evaluating the impact of self-connections in the network, and demonstrating the FLCA algorithm in biblio-metric reporting.	5
Mean impact factor for publications was 5.2 (range, 0.4-53.2).	4
The universe to be studied consisted of the different stakeholders in the FIS Programme.	2
c) the proportionate first cell frequency and the mean in the sample.	0
We argue that the PPJ phenomenon is mainly due to proliferation of indicator-based research evaluation systems (Gl?ser et al.	5
The h-index, R-index, h2-index, i10-index, and dissemination index (D-Index) were manually calculated for each subspecialty.	3
We have designed an online questionnaire to review the characteristics of several research projects with a focus on the role of collaborations.	3
I also searched the PubMed database using the researchers' names to identify post-misconduct publications and any accompanying information related to the institutional affiliation(s) held by the offending scientists.	3
Articles that come from open submissions are cited more frequently than articles in special issues.	4
Our present study, however, revealed the long history of ethnobotany.	5
To select authors to interview and their publications, we have used the Web of Science (WoS) published by Clarivate?, one of the most well-known and widely used bibliographic databases.	2
Further strategies are recommended in order to increase the international visibility of the research output in the humanities and social sciences.	5
We present a novel routine, namely medlineR, based on the R language, that allows the user to match data from Medline/PubMed with records indexed in the ISI Web of Science (WoS) database.	1
Incorporating bibliometric activities is one way of redefining and widening the role of the library.	4
The Twitter document co-citation network has 1,288 nodes and 3,384 edges, and the average degree centrality of the network is 5.26.	4
Based on this examination, we propose a typology that differentiates three styles of co-authorship: Matchmaking, Brokerage, and Teamwork.	4
Other results include detection of apparent citation bias favouring authors with western sounding names.	4
From first submission to acceptance takes only 120 days (median) in the natural sciences, whereas it ranges from 320 days (the shortest) in psychology to 760 days in economics.	4
Measure the productivity of FIC trainees in terms of published journal articles in bioethics.	1
Our data show that in 2010–2019, the 100 prestigious awards went to 1,067 individuals in 46 countries for 1,451 awards.	2
(2018), altmetrics is a powerful tool to measure the societal impact of journals, but it cannot replace the traditional bibliometrics at present.	5
Compared to the control-group disciplines that do not use synchrotron light for experiments, the treatment-group disciplines experienced a 12.4% increase in their percentage of high-impact national publications after SSRF was put into use.	4
In fact, fame grows again after scientists' death, but with the fame of those born in the twentieth century exceeding that of their nineteenth century counterparts.	4
This analysis indicates a trend to higher interdisciplinarity over time.	4
Median journal impact factor was 3.114 (interquartile range [IQR], 2.139).	4
GDP (nominal) per capita (103$) is defined as the output parameter (Y) of the prediction model (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List of Countries by GDP (nominal) per capita).	2
Five different versions of the survey instrument were utilized.	3
However, in the unique academic environment sculpted by COVID-19, the present study endeavors to discern whether references retain their predictive prowess for article citations during 2020 to 2022.	1
National Institutes of Health from 1980 to 2008.	1
Among the 100 top cited articles, the highest number of citations that an article received was 309.	4
This study investigates the effects of large-scale research funding from the Japanese government on the research outcomes of university researchers.	1
Though the knowledge of LIS spreads to 21 disciplines of ESI, they are mainly concentrated in four soft or applied disciplines, namely, SOCIAL SCIENCES, GENERAL, COMPUTER SCIENCE, ECONOMICS AND BUSINESS, CLINICAL MEDICINE.	5
QAPs are a critical issue in Taiwanese academia; therefore, we discussed the implications of the current findings including subsequent instruction and future research.	5
There were no significant differences in publications by residents at each program (p > 0.05).	4
We further collected junior faculty members' advisors based on their dissertation data from ProQuest.	2
We found 13 hibernators of the 49 checked that are also under-cited influential articles.	4
Research area, a basic unit of analysis, was identified through two stages of clustering of the top 1 % of highly cited papers.	3
Gaining insights into hotspot areas and topics of top-cited articles in PG.	1
The trends reported above have led to the on-going search for effective evaluation systems, comprising methodologies, indicators, and standards for the measurement and reporting of research outcomes.	4
From the Departments of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Antoni van Leeuwenhoek Hospital, and University Medical Center Utrecht.	0
We automatically assigned publications to a subset of all graduates with relatively rare names, a strategy also employed in other studies [22, 23].	2
And, finally, we consider co-citation counting as a form of binary counting (0-1 counting): one reference list produces at most one count for the total co-citation score of two authors.	0
Similarly, “Electronic resources”, “Library services”, “University” and “Aca- demic libraries” and “Citation analysis” had gained substantial currency when compared to the previous years.	4
Our data come from nearly 20 million papers across nearly 35 years and 150 fields from the Microsoft Academic Graph.	2
In order to make our study results directly comparable to the earlier study's, we chose to examine the same three journals: Communication Monographs, Communication Research, and Journal of Communication.	2
Additional suggestions and criticisms from Félix de Moya, Jochen Gl?ser, Catalina Martinez and two anonymous reviewers that helped to improve the final version are acknowledged.	0
Findings from this study also provided evidence that some non-indexed OA journals were coded in such a way that could have impeded their discovery.	4
We then tested for gender effects of peer-review scores using analysis of variance (SAS Proc GLM), modeling ReviewScore = Journal + AuthorGender + Journal-x-AuthorGender interaction (Journal is included to allow testing for the interaction; Year is not included because all year-journal combinations are defined to have the same mean).	3
This period covered 15 years from 1999 to 2013 (distributed into alternate five-year periods, except for the last of four years), and coincides in part with the life cycle of cybermetrics – a field which analyses, studies and measures all the types of information media that exist in cyberspace, using scientometric, bibliometric and informetric techniques (Shiri, 1998) – and therefore of Web references.	2
To put more starkly the point for debate that arises: the six ‘ed tech' research journals seem to be doing better than the seven ‘higher education' journals (Figure 1), in presenting the work of authors employed in Asian countries.	4
Leveraging data from the first Italian Research Assessment Exercise (VTR 2001–2003) and Web of Science citations, we analyse the relationship between quality scores, non-scientific factors, and publication short- and long-term impact.	2
The correlation between the estimated ratio (Citations/Publications 2011–2012) and the Impact Factor (JCR) was r = 0.6007 (p < 0.0001) also considered significant.	4
The ARRA R01 grants had a similar normalized citation impact per $1 million spent as the payline grants (median values [interquartile range], 2.15 [0.73-4.68] versus 2.03 [0.75–4.10]; P=0.61).	4
The definition of what constitutes a successful repository continues to evolve.	5
This level of citation relations greatly exceeds that for other accounting publications at the time.	5
The journal's impact factors (IF) were evaluated using the Journal Citation Report (JCR; Web of Science) 2012 science edition, published by Thomson Reuters (New York, NY, USA).	3
Data for the number of peer-reviewed research publications between 1963 and 2017 across countries was gathered using Elsevier Developer Application Programming Interface (API) with an HTTP connection to the Scopus database.	2
According to the top 20 sources that cite the FODM, Journal of Intelligent and Fuzzy Systems is ranked first with 249 papers citing the FODM publications, followed by Information Sciences and FODM itself with 211 and 201 papers citing the FODM publications, respectively.	4
This study looked at titles of research papers on educational technology that were published between 1927 and 2023 using computational text analysis.	1
Additional coding for each article was performed for type of stress factor, studied tree species, cultivation status, studied process or activity affected by stress and applied scientific approach and methods.	3
Half of these goals require little elaboration; however, some background materials on citation classics and an elaboration of goals 3, 4, and 5 is provided.	0
Based on the combinations of match-keys explained above, the author coded 432 different algorithms to match SCI publications and NPRs (while considering computation time for matching) and then applied them to the set of supervised data.	3
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
8, and it can be used to discover the co-citation structure and find out the most cited and influential researches.	3
N refers to journals without authorship definitions, Y refers to journals with authorship definitions	0
To cite this article: Toshio Kuroki & Akira Ukawa (2018): Repeating probability of authors with retracted scientific publications, Accountability in Research, DOI: 10.1080/08989621.2018.1449651	0
The approach avoids the dominant pragmatic bias that is inherent in much of research evaluation literature and practice by reframing impact as involving combinations of capital via a range of extra-academic fields, and exploring the effects of impact assessment on the practice of science.	5
The first database was Journal Citation Reports (hereafter JCR), which is also produced by Thomson-Reuters and which contains journal impact factor (IF) data for most of the journals covered by WoS.	2
The worksheet contains results for 903 universities across seven time periods.	2
The Friedman test (1937) for n samples was used to study the statistical differences between the web mention types and the different search engines that provide these data.	3
The Louvain algorithm for community detection [30] creates 48 communities in SENIC's network.	3
(2009)] and VOSViewer software [van Eck and Waltman (2010)], which was also utilized for clustering the MESH.	3
Included in the analysis is also regular funding from the Swedish Research Council in order to (partially) try the assumption that the recipients of these grants are discriminated against in the funding system.	2
A hybrid ranking method based on the Borda count approach, the Standardized Average Index (SA index), was introduced to solve this problem.	1
which disciplines are being cited by coronavirus-related research?	1
We compared our prospectively collected research data to our retrospectively collected historical departmental control data dating back to 2010, 8 years prior to IRI implementation.	2
To what extent do company patents rely on domestic public science?	1
The explored SNS was Twitter in Mexico and Korea.	2
However, the moderating effects of government assistance on the links among team building, operations, collaborating with industry, and team research productivity are not statistically significant.	4
The most common corrected errors were authorship, accounting for 23.7%.	4
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
The second indicators, number of citations excluding self-citations (C) and number of citations including self-citations (C+sc</METRIC>) are influenced by the publications’ age, type, scientific field (which determines the frequency they are aggregated), and language.	4
First, these results support Goodhart's Law as it relates to academic publishing: the measures (e.g., number of papers, number of citations, h-index, and impact factor) have become targets, and now they are no longer good measures.	5
This study provides practical guidance on the use of ranking metrics on co-word networks.	5
Citation: Cabezas-Clavijo á, Robinson-García N, Escabias M, Jiménez-Contreras E (2013) Reviewers' Ratings and Bibliometric Indicators: Hand in Hand When Assessing Over Research Proposals?.	0
NIH funding decisions are largely determined by paylines derived from evaluation scores.	3
The main reason for differences in reporting funding and COI between publications of preprint servers and peer-reviewed journals might be the tendency for the latter to have clear, detailed, and mandatory funding and COI reporting policies, compared to the former.	5
The book sold more than 1 million copies making it one of the most widely distributed philosophical books in the world.	0
Our data suggest that there are gender, ethnic and socioeconomic inequalities in research productivity among UK medical students.	5
We use a large citation dataset from Microsoft Academic Graph and a new statistical framework based on the Mahalanobis distance to show that the rankings by well known indicators, including the relative citation count and Google’s PageRank score, are significantly biased by paper field and age.	4
Does regional heterogeneity exist in the reduction of emissions due to significant disparities in economic development, resource endowment and policy environment among Chinese provinces?	1
In other words, editorial rejections were often not supported by the opinion of experts in the field, i.e., they were academically unjustified.	5
Geographical and cultural distances had the greatest impact.	5
In terms of citation counts, a publication was allocated to more than one G-20 country if its authors were affiliated to more than one country.	3
Article topics were categorised as: respiration and airway; cardiovascular; clinical practice; critical care; neuroanaesthesia; obstetric; paediatric; pain; quality and patient safety; regional anaesthesia; and translational studies.	3
Our data set of 108 institutions includes 68 DORA signatories and 40 non-signatories.	2
The aim of the study is to make an inventory of RWD and the way they are used by the different stakeholders of the health care system in France (hospitals, pharmaceutical companies, public health agencies, doctors...).	1
With regard to the value of author order in papers in Japan, first and second authors are at a higher level than the last author, which differs from the usual way of thinking in France.	4
The data comprise 188,533 unique bibliographic records ascribed to 5063 unique affiliations and citing 2,907,556 indexed references.	2
This study consists of two phases: the first is a content analysis of publicly available communications about collections cancellations posted on CARL member library websites; the second is semi-structured interviews of CARL librarians responsible for communications about collections cancellations at their institutions.	2
The best way to start is by looking at journals that you have not previously read.	0
This does not alter our adherence to all the PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
Downloaded from rsw.sagepub.com at Library - Periodicals Dept on November 16, 2014	0
Three cluster areas and three cluster institutes have been identified to be the ideal centers for collaboration.	5
We study how a single paper affects the impact factor (IF) of a journal by analyzing data from 3,088,511 papers published in 11639 journals in the 2017 Journal Citation Reports of Clarivate Analytics.	1
In the selection of funding data, we restricted this study to R01 grants for the following reasons: (1) R01s are the standard research project program of NIH, and are supported by all NIH ICs (Wu et al., 2021); (2) many other grants (e.g., PO1s and P30s) are designed for funding synergies across ICs, in a way that lots of funding activities being recorded under the same project.	2
Table 2 shows how often the various user groups in the data set have saved a paper in Mendeley.	4
To extract related lodging articles from the selected journals, we first identified keywords reflecting the lodging industry.	2
The study's main limitation lies in the difficulty of synthesising all the papers published on bank marketing literature.	5
These represent the share of each university given the sum of inputs and outputs, respectively.	0
A further filtering of the results to include only research articles resulted in 1,013 documents.	2
Since he has not done so, I can only repeat that the methodology seems justified as a first measure, until more detailed data become available.	0
Finally, we obtained a corpus of 1260 citation text fragments with emotional polarity tags.	2
In order to estimate the infectious virus decay rate, we use data from a viral decay study in which wild-type (C57BL/6) mice were intravenously inoculated with 105 PFU of WNV 3356 NY2000 [35].	2
This category would have 13 publishers if BioInfo Publications is not counted.	0
In order to address the research issue, this study investigated distribution pattern of print and electronic book holdings in libraries across disciplines and over time.	1
A web-based questionnaire was sent to a sample of 80,000+ employees within the Dutch public sector, in two waves (2010 and 2012).	2
Therefore, this study evaluates academic journals from a new perspective (i.e., the difference in research content) and presents a new index (i.e., the journal discriminative capacity (JDC)) and a method for measuring the difference in research content among academic journals.	1
4 shows that Reviews also display an important increase in numbers over time, but also document types we do not consider for our bibliometric studies (meetings abstracts, editorial materials, and books reviews) represent a substantial number of documents in the WoS.	4
This study investigates the leading trends in the intellectual structure of the Journal of Management (JOM) during the 1975–2019 timeframe.	1
Most of the highly cited papers are dominated by international cooperation.	4
Similarities among journals are evaluated using multidimensional scaling with hierarchical cluster analysis and Principal Component Analysis.	3
This article employs the Social Sciences and Humanities Peer Awards (SSHPA, accessible online at: https://sshpa.com).	2
The performance/productivity measures showed significant positive correlation only with partners' structural diversity based on betweenness centrality in ISLS dataset.	4
From the contribution rate of different types of fine-grained knowledge entities, the mixed academic and industrial institutions pay more attention to the novelty of the combination of method indicators, and the industrial institutions pay more attention to the novelty of the combination of method tools.	4
As the Trans-O-MIM project and the transformation process of Methods is just starting, it is too early to report about our expectations on whether and, if yes, when the transformation process will be terminated.	5
Considering the features of our data set, a rank ordered logistic regression (ROLR) was used to adjust the model to the available data (Train, 2009).	3
To obtain author bibliometrics, the senior author of each article was entered into the Web of Science search bar and data were extracted using the citation report tool.	3
Content analysis of SPC forward local main path (Fig.	4
The top quintile of countries with connections is shown in Table 3.	0
To what extent are junior researchers entering into a field of research students of researchers already active within the same field?	1
This study contributes to the literature on interdisciplinarity in three ways.	5
We operationalize our analysis in terms of ranking mobility—the extent to which authors can move across the ranks of their discipline—and impact inequality—the concentration of the citations received by authors in a discipline.	1
When evaluating originality, a mix of elements plays a role: personal intuition, emotions, previous knowledge, personal interests and methodological/disciplinary preferences.	5
Results did not show any significant differences in how the two maps were remembered or used by participants.	4
Design/methodology/approach – Data was collected from 324 management faculty at research, balanced and teaching (i.e.	2
This article examines the genesis, development and implementation of an interdisciplinary university cross-school research group (three individual schools) at Federation University in Australia.	1
This study found the article processing approach to funding open access to be a business sector very much in a volatile state likely reflecting its relatively early development.	5
The data in Table 2 indicate that this sample has many of the characteristics of other citation studies of literary scholarship: a predominance of citations to monographs and other book-format resources, a relatively small number of citations to journal articles, and significant usage of sources that do not neatly fall into the categories representing books and journal articles (“other”).	4
These lessons stem from our core goals to advance ECRs' work by developing their publications, to promote ECR research through our website and social media, and to support ECR participation in the publication process.	1
This article is organised as follows: it begins by establishing the value of acknowledgements in the reward system of science as well as their relation with citations and authorship; then the nature and distinctive features of research in the humanities are outlined; and, finally, a literature review is provided to support the special interest of acknowledgements in the area.	3
The sales panel spans the window of May 1 through November 5, 2019.	2
The study then examines the impact of using these awards on the Academic Ranking of World Universities (the Shanghai Ranking), the QS World University Rankings, and the Times Higher Education World University Rankings.	1
The main goal of this article is to describe the purpose and content of a new branch of bibliometrics: ALMetrics (Author-Level Metrics).	1
The author contribution index presented here addresses these three major issues and has the potential to contribute to more transparency in the science literature.	5
Here, we propose another line of approach in order to study the submission, acceptance, and rejection (number and rate) diversity based on probabilities, with emphasis on the conditional probabilities, thereafter measuring the entropy and other characteristics of the distributions.	1
In terms of the countries/territories, Lithuania (782) and China (766) ranked first and second positions, respectively.	4
For a better understanding of the country-specific citation characteristics, a modified H-Index for countries was used.	3
This idea has its origins in biblio- metrics [7] and in the study of social networks [8].	0
This study uses Poisson regression (Poisson) and negative binomial regression (NBR) count models to examine how the different factors relate to the number of co-authors.	3
A striking result holds that the effect of the eu27 dummy is strongly negative.	4
Keywords used in the search strategy were obtained from the classifications of natural disasters presented by the Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters.	2
The present findings reveal that some scientists are clearly more internationalized than others, and this distinction permeates the Polish academic science community.	5
To identify linking mechanisms between two disjoint literatures through shared references, two approaches were used.	3
The USA and China are the leading countries in carbon nanotubes and graphene publications, whereas the USA and Japan are prominent in fullerenes, as presented in Table 2.	4
We further acquired the categories of all citing articles based on the US National Science Foundation (NSF) classification scheme.	2
The estimation of the last regression model confirmed that only the interaction term measuring the moderating effect of internal SC was significant.	4
The regression model clearly shows that publications in fast-growing topics have a citation advantage compared to publications in slow-growing or declining topics in all of the eight disciplines.	4
b Library & Information Consultant, Former Scientist F, National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi (India)	0
More precisely, our exploration delves into the mediating role of moral disengagement between publication pressure and QRPs, and the moderating role of lab research ethics climate in the relationship between publication pressure and moral disengagement.	1
Overall, 368 respondents voted on 1,558 separate samples of 20 papers, providing 12,410 individual-article votes in total (median = 23 (12–36) votes per article).	2
Obviously, the three sets represent a multinational, multilingual, and multi-organizational compilation of data originally collected for different purposes.?	0
We also found about half of the faculty members believe RCR is an institutional responsibility versus a faculty responsibility.	4
In the spring of 2010, Duke University's Academic Council (https://academiccouncil.duke.edu/) adopted an open access policy, through which faculty expressed support for an OA model of scholarly communication and granted the university the rights to make scholarly articles they authored freely available to anyone via a digital repository.	3
Out of the 322,366 articles published in the five-year period, the three most popular subject categories were “Medicine" (88,412 articles), “Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology” (43,989) and “Agricultural and Biological Sciences” (42,591).	2
The steps followed in the study of keywords (Guler et al., 2016; Ferenhof & Fernandes, 2018) have been (1) definition of the keywords, (2) selection of the database, (3) adjustment and fine-tuning of search criteria, (4) export of results, and (5) cluster analysis of results.	3
Note that, due to indexing delay, it is likely that the results for recent years are incomplete.	0
To find the core journals a Bradford analysis (see Bradford (1934) and Diodato (1994, pp.	3
First, direct citations mainly occurred between articles with similar scores.	4
Drawing on information on 3252 academic scientists from 10-year panel data, we analyse a sample of Canadian scientists involved in nanotechnology research based on their publications and patents from 1996 to 2005.	2
With regard to other disciplines, this internationalisation is still limited, although Spain is well-positioned in the European context.	0
Our results show that the examined generalist journals-whether a megajournal, conventional journal or quasi-megajournal—all exhibited unique niches in terms of publishing outcomes and disciplinary composition.	5
Second, network visualization analysis is applied to illustrate the citation connections and research topics by using the VOSviewer software, including citation networks, co-citation networks, bibliographic coupling networks, co-authorship, and co-occurrence networks.	3
Downloaded from jtt.sagepub.com at QUEENS UNIV LIBRARIES on March 8, 2015	0
The number of NIH career development awards has increased NIH-wide, and for non-physician faculty but not for physicians in departments of psychiatry.	5
In the first step, we analyse the underlying dimensions of measurement for traditional metrics (citation counts) and altmetrics–by using principal component analysis (PCA) and factor analysis (FA).	1
The productivity relationships for exploration were bidirectional: exploration predicted breadth positively and depth negatively.	4
The other method is based on Essential Science Indicators (ESI for short), a document evaluating and analyzing tool from the US Institute for Scientific Information.	3
The model not only provides a mechanistic framework to understand citation patterns of atypical articles, separating factors that drive impact, but it also offers new capabilities to identify the time of exogenous events that influence citations.	1
This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Which machine learning model performs better with citation prediction with a given static and time-dependent citation features?	1
While defining ‘research quality' as a collective frame of scientific communities that assesses utility resolves some theoretical ambiguities, it does not appear to explain all statements about research quality.	5
Note that the papers of group g are also part of the papers in the world.	0
In particular, we observe the persistent influence of language and geography on citation patterns up to today.	5
The Chartered Association of Business Schools' Academic Journal Guide (2015) was also consulted to determine journals deemed to be in the field "Business and Management Studies."	2
Although our analyses are limited to 2005–2014, Scopus data are shown in the figures to demonstrate indexing trends for all years covered by Scopus.	0
The results show that the seven distributions are significantly different from each other, with X-squared (df = 18) = 3,326.7, p < 0.05.	4
Initially, metadata was harvested from Scopus using the built-in harvesting tool in Digital Commons.	2
google.com (accessed on 23 May 2021)), and the news content of articles of renowned newspapers were analyzed to understand the structure of public perception.	2
A 'point for debate' arose in my thinking when doing some updating in the routine monitoring that I had undertaken over many years for the Australasian Journal of Educational Technology (AJET) in my role as AJET's Production Editor.	1
Is the journal impact factor completely at odds with legal scholarship or does it relatively appropriately rate law journals compared to a peer review-based ranking?	1
The increase in authorship collaboration is in accordance with results by Lipetz (1999) who found that the number of multi-author articles in one IS journal have been increasing each decade since 1970.	0
In addition, we conclude that junior scholars are more likely to have negative collaboration experiences than their senior peers.	4
The results demonstrated that attitude, information literacy, moral obligation and past behavior were significant predictors of behavior intention to engage in plagiarism, whilst subjective norms, Internet literacy and computer literacy were not.	4
In this study, Brillouin's index is used as the quantitative measure that reflects how many different types of forestry sub-disciplines there are in a dataset, simultaneously taking into account how evenly the basic entities (articles) are distributed among these types.	3
Our aim is to determine the potential metrics.	1
Within the anchor group, are these topics: Operations Management, Knowledge Management, and Enterprise Architectures.	5
The next two sections of our paper provide a brief review of the literature on measuring the scientific standing of nations and an examination of the methodological shortcomings of the current approaches.	0
We set up three indicators that can measure the open source software by referring to the traditional academic impact evaluation system.	3
H-index scores varied between Scopus and Google Scholar (overall range: 4–34).	4
1, we did not exclude the citing and cited documents as described in steps (5) and (6) in the experiment section.	0
This low coefficient could be considered a threat which leads to low quality of publications, absence of articles in reputable databases, ineffectiveness of research, failure of the field to stay up to date, researchers' isolation and, finally, loss of opportunity to build new concepts and research projects (Hariri & Nikzad, 2011).	5
As a final test, we estimate how the probability for a journal of being classified as A-Class, in at least one academic field of the area, is influenced by the journal indexation in Scopus, Web of Science or Erih Plus, and by its presence in VQR 2011–2014.	3
Firstly, when knowing the ground truth of specific datasets obtained by a method, the model can be utilized to assess the contribution of given features to improving the quality of the datasets obtained by the same method; thus it helps to find the informative author features for the reduction of merging errors.	5
(3) What are the works that can be considered a turning point among the publications in the field of mythology?	1
Therefore, the aim of this study is to introduce related environmental and resource indicators to complement existing academic indictors in order to produce more complete university ranking results.	1
We propose a framework score to see how Indian universities and research-focused institutions fare in the world of high-end research in terms of excellence and diversity of their research base.	1
Results showed that despite the increase of laureates’ publication impact (represented by citations and CPP), the research cumulative impact and productivity represented by h-index has decreased.	5
It seeks to answer the research questions: How frequently do academic staff members use a variety of forms of social media for work-related purposes?	1
In terms of authors, Witold Pedrycz is the most productive author in the journal, while Francisco Herrera is the most influential one.	5
In the field of geosciences, we identified 4 Russian and 25 international journals that were essential to researchers in this field.	4
During five months, an amount of 14,588 scientific publications about nCoV-2 and COVID-19 has been generated intensively (as indexed in Scopus on 31 May 2020).	2
After accounting for year of PhD, primary research methodology, and demographic characteristics, the analysis finds that the total number of articles published at the time of hire is not a significant predictor of future productivity.	4
The results show that the LM does indeed discriminate between the schools, and has a degree of concordance with other forms of evaluation, but that there are significant limitations and problems within this discipline.	4
We used the publication types articles and reviews.	2
These results suggest the critical role flat teams play for sustainable scientific advance and the training and advancement of scientists.	5
Thus we can conclude that the time lag in journals published by CSIR-NISCAIR is comparable to global journals.	5
We then pruned this dataset of articles lacking Major MeSH and focused on the sample spanning 1970–2018, resulting in 21.6 million publications.	2
One of the strategies that can be used to improve the openness and access towards scientific work of a university is by involving in open science and collaboration.	5
Our results place in doubt the suitability of such models, and indicate further investigation is required before they can be used in recruiting decisions.	5
The search was "shale gas", and the retrieval time was from 2010 up to 2020.	2
To investigate the effect of collaboration with SC authors in the success of male and female junior researchers, we use a propensity score matching procedure to create an appropriate counterfactual.	3
Any article in English with at least one author affiliated to an Iranian institution was retrieved in the four subjects of nanotechnology (Nano), biotechnology (Bio), information technology (Info), and cognitive science (Cogno) for the period 2001 to 2015.	2
We use the most recent updated version, with 319 journals that are listed in the economics category in the Journal Citation Reports and that have citable items in all of the years 2014–2019 (Konig et al., 2022).	2
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
*These schemes are described at the end of the Method Section under the heading "Sensitivity Analysis."	0
Ma 1976 for an extensive methodological explanation), to identify the existence of scaling parameters that work as rates of substitution (a type of exchange rates) to compare different academic disciplines.	3
The interaction term is positively significant (β =0.0074, p< 0.01), supporting H4 that openness and domestic tie strength have a positive interactive effect on knowledge creation.	4
In this way, we formed a collection containing 3803,964 publications, including 3519,432 journal articles, 55,600 brief communications, 119,458 review articles and 109,474 having the types "miscellaneous" and "undefined."	2
We developed a set of agent-based models where agents can cite substantively and rhetorically.	3
Overall, our study provides detailed insights into the digitalisation of academic journals and identifies relevant factors for explaining success in an increasingly digitalised competitive environment.	5
This selection overcomes the problem of counting the same paper more than once and discourages the ethically reprehensible behavior of inviting researchers with a high h-index to increase the research group index.	5
For this task, we employ a series of standard classification models, including logistic regression (LRC), support vector machine (SVM), na?ve Bayes (NB), radial basis function network (RBF), bagged decision trees (BAG), and random forest (RF).	3
Three-quarters (449, 75.1%) of the articles were in MHS, followed by 13.2% (79) in natural sciences, 5.4% (32) in engineering and technology, 3.9% (23) in social sciences, 1.8% (11) in agricultural sciences, and 0.7% (4) in the humanities.	4
Identify the most cited book authors in social sciences in CEE countries; and	1
Proofs that 'DS satisfies these properties for all q are provided in Leinster and Cobbold (2012).	0
This study was financially supported by the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (24710160 and 16K01235), the Hoansha Foundation Fellowship, and the Inamori Foundation Fellowship.	0
For them, international work experience is more an additional benefit than a necessity.	0
In practical datasets 1995–2010, there are 12% and 11% ‘associated-sleeping-beauties' in 'swan-groups' of physics and economics, respectively.	4
The Core Collection of the scientific database Web of Science was searched for publications with the search term 'Patient Safety' as title word that was focused on the corresponding medical discipline.	2
Today, an increasing number of case reports or clinical studies involving digestive endoscopy have been performed.	0
We identified the prevalence rates of three types of barriers (political, logistical, and cultural) based on categories developed from previous work.	4
We also show that topic focus and topic newness each independently, directly, and significantly increase impact.	4
This study proposes an analytical framework for the topics of electronic resources by adopting the Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) posted by the U.S.	1
We used the Cobb-Douglas production function to see whether the annual research funding of researchers yields increasing, constant, or decreasing marginal returns.	3
4 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—● 2012	0
In our view, this currently prevents FPR from utilising the full potential of the disciplinary diversity it has at its avail and seeks to offer.	5
What are the relationships between the use of metadata elements and researcher seniority levels in RIMS (i.e.	1
The distribution of modes is almost reversed in the social science sample, where researchers behave mostly in mode1, showing a lower need for interdependence and a higher need for autonomy.	4
We have mainly drawn attention to the easy accessibility of modern documentation systems and their possible use for science policy studies.	0
Eight of these are from the field of medicine, one from chemistry and one from biology.	4
Overall, the current study and a previous study demonstrate that there are two major drivers of collaboration for research publication in environmental engineering: common research interests and cultural/linguistic/geographic proximity.	5
Although this article has focussed on the contributions of technicians, the recognition frame- work could equally be applied to the contributions of other roles.	5
The USA is the undisputed leader in top-level neurological research in terms of produced documents and (total) h-index, despite not being at the top in terms of percentage of GDP spent in research and number of researchers.	5
The system architecture of the proposed algorithm to measure the citation impact of a specific article in a collection of pertinent articles is illustrated in Fig.	0
Considering subspecialty, a majority of the articles were related to general ophthalmology (156, 36.19%), and the least was in oncology (2, 0.46%).	4
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
However, by contrasting the first review period (2003–2008) to the second (2009–2015) in regards to discussing technology, an increase from 4.2 to 11.6% is observed (Figure 7).	4
The 179 dissertations contain 26,483 citations, of which 16,981 (64%) refer to books and/ or chapters in books and 9,532 (36%) to journal articles.	4
Macro-syntheses of the scholarly literatures generated in response to the three most significant outbreaks of coronaviruses, i.e.	5
Irrespective of their deciplines, 98% of the respondents stated awareness of OA journals and only 2% stated their lack of OA awareness.	4
Even institutions with the best records of DG faculty placement have experienced a temporal decline in the probability of their graduates obtaining a DG faculty position.	4
Based on both quantitative and qualitative data it may be inferred that trend of IR development is at infancy in Pakistan, however affecting by different issues.	5
The cancer disease site will be recorded and research will be classified using the Common Scientific Outline system.	3
The Jaccard Index turned out to be the most effective similarity index, when compared with other traditional network similarity measurements.	5
1 The number of book reviews found in web of science in the most recent 12 year period, 2000–2011	0
Our results reveal that the Chinese LIS schools still lag considerably behind their US counterparts in the quality of publications.	5
The purpose of this paper is to compare the content of Web of Science (WoS) and Google Scholar (GS) by searching the interdisciplinary field of climate and ancient societies.	1
As shown in Table 1, researchers that are top ranked in RLPR have higher productivity and lower average PageRank score of their papers, indicating that the credit diffusion mechanism by researcher level method prefers researchers with high productivity.	4
The overlapping sequence was: Scopus+WoS-CC+CCC+Pascal-Francis+CABI+Biosis+SciELO Citation Index +ZR+ (CLASE + PERIóDICA) + Pubmed.	3
The majority of respondents (76%; N = 667) had served on a peer review panel in the last 3 years while 24% (N = 207) had not.	4
Multivariate data analysis method was used to analyse surveyed data and test proposed hypotheses with structural equation modelling.	3
Maintaining the spirit of team work, especially the interdependency in research teams consisting of few homogeneous scientists, we propose n being an averaged number of maximum real authors (or maximum number of interdependent team members).	3
For each APC interval's journals, the percentage of grant-funded articles was calculated by dividing the number of grant-funded articles by the total number of articles and multiplying by 100;	3
A correlation matrix was built to explore the relationship between bibliometric and peer-review indicators.	3
We seek a geometric mechanism to simultaneously express certain factors engendering citations, namely academic influences, the aging of those influences, relativity of contents, and incomplete copying of references.	1
Engineering is a surprising exception in terms of a field that apparently does not benefit from international collaboration, at least from a UK perspective.	5
The leading country with most publication counts was United States of America (USA) who has published 1402 pieces of original articles (41.701%), and the second productive country was Germany with 342 (10.173) followed by South Korea (n = 310, 9.221%).	4
The weak inter-factor correlation suggests that it was largely inappropriate to combine all of the items together into a single score because each factor measured a distinct construct.	5
To address the issue of coauthored papers, we define an author's contribution to a publication as 1/N, where N is the number of authors on the publication.	3
Table III showed that research journals were the more cited document.	4
Facultad de Filosofía y Letras, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, Ciudad Universitaria, México, D.F (México)	0
Yet, productive and highly cited authors also publish uncited papers.	4
The 20% most cited articles, which together accounted for at least 60% of the citations in their respective fields, were selected and downloaded from WOS.	2
These various measures of centrality are decomposed using factor analysis to form a smaller number of key gauges of the influence of individual Nobel economists.	3
Despite the fact that the number of retracted editorials is very low, it is a concerning element.	5
Generally, the number of words in the acknowledgement texts positively correlates with the number of acknowledged funding organizations, universities, individuals and miscellaneous entities.	4
Precision It measures the extent to which the references provided by the free data source are correct, compared with the gold standard.	3
Second, experts do more research on tags in images than tags in texts.	5
We examined all the articles from these two journals for the 4 years from 2010 to 2013 and tallied all journal references, keeping track of self-citations.	2
The H-index is a metric used to measure both the productivity and citation impact of a researcher's publications.	4
To add a theoretical basis to the proposed measure, we draw on the network centrality framework (Borgatti and Everett 2006; Freeman 1979).	3
To study the most important metrics of publication in the field of reproductive medicine over the decade 2003–2012 to aid in discerning the clinical, social, and epidemiologic implications of this relatively new but rapidly emerging area in medical sciences.	1
Open access literature does not differ from fee-for-access literature in terms of impact factor, detection of error, or change in postretraction citation rates.	4
The majority of faculty were men (70%) and only 11% of full professors were women.	4
To solve this problem, we first compiled a list that included details of the researchers’ affiliations and departments at the start of the COE program, from the official COE website.	2
academic researchers should be familiar with and follow research-related regulations and policies.	4
The method applies multi-level clustering, using ontological ideas as theoretical guidance and ontology learning techniques as technical means.	3
This database included publications from the 68-year period of 1945–2013.	2
Most of the eleven reviewed funding agencies use a combination of panel-based reviews and/or external peer reviewers to evaluate proposals (table 4).	4
This research focuses on scientists' article uploading behaviors through ResearchGate, one of the well-known scholarly social media platforms.	1
The results showed significant negative interaction effects between dem- ocracy and globalization on scientific performance, and between democracy and international collaboration on scientific perform- ance.	4
The survey was carried out among researchers who had published in the years 2020-2021, according to data obtained from WoS.	2
Key findings: (1) reasons for retraction were not reported in 33% (15/46) of cases; (2) time from publication to retraction could not be determined in 43% (20/46) of cases; (3) More than half (59%) of retracted Covid-19 articles (27/46) remained available as original unmarked electronic documents after retraction (33% as full text and 26% as an abstract only).	4
In the remainder of the paper, we first discuss related work in Section 2 and then explain the extracted features and discuss expectations and limitations in Section 3.	0
We reviewed 302 leading biomedical journals' submission guidelines and extracted information on the components that tend to vary the most among submission guidelines (the length of the title, the running title, the abstract, and the manuscript; the structure of the abstract and the manuscript, number of items and references allowed, whether the journal has a template).	2
This quantitative study examines collaboration using a social network analysis (SNA) approach.	3
Citation of this work should state that it is from an ASABE meeting paper.	0
The number of articles published, citations, bibliographic couplings, and cocitations were used to analyze authors, articles, journals, and subject categories related to SA.	3
A descriptive, cross-sectional, questionnaire-based survey on experiences from pre-graduate research was distributed to medical students and recently graduated medical doctors from the University of Copenhagen who had engaged in full-time pre-graduate research.	2
1, primary axis), with a cumulative total of 9742 publications.	4
Number of reads was independently associated with citations (β 0.01, p-value <0.01).	4
The knowledge convergence of the literature in the field of solar energy has its unique characteristics.	5
This paper will hopefully help researchers understand the research patterns of this journal.	5
In this example, N is the set of articles published in academic journals—included in the Web of Science (WoS)—during 2012.	2
A 10-year survey of literature was conducted to compare the three regions' outputs in the research of respirology.	1
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/310490709	0
Formally including extra-academic impact in recruitment and promotion criteria (as is relevant for each country context) as well as championing positive examples of scholars who have had success with extra-academic impact, would aid the incorporation of impact into broader constructions of research excellence.	5
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0022-0418.htm	0
Walker, E-488 Van Vliet Centre, Faculty of Physical Education and Recreation, University of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, T6G 2H9, gordon.walker@ualberta.ca	0
These findings strengthen the assertion that private sector faculty may benefit by increasing direct and distinct ties to facilitate borrowing knowledge and skills from both private and public sector co-authors.	5
To calculate these indicators, we used the Pajek program for visualization and network analysis (http://mrvar.fdv.uni-lj.si/pajek/), using the Kamada-Kawai algorithm for the visual representation of the co-authorship network with the main active research clusters that exist in the area (in 2004–2013) [17].	3
The data for the study were obtained from the ISI Web of Science (WoS) database.	2
Furthermore, in light of our analysis, we recommend using both traditional metrics such as citations and reviews as well as altmetrics such as social media mentions, downloads, reads and views.	5
The most frequent reason for retraction was due to ethical misconduct (72%, n = 18).	4
The average number of Mendeley readers per article difference between male-first-authored and female-first-authored Spanish articles from 2014 by narrow field (qualification: at least 50 male and 50 female articles in a field; n = 158 narrow fields).	0
Conclusion: PhDs, Professors, and male researchers receive the majority of R01 and other R series grants to anesthesiology departments at US medical schools.	5
Following the presentations, faculty were surveyed to determine their need for, and interest in receiving assistance from librarians with scholarly metrics.	2
Databases = (Science Citation Index Expanded, Social Science Citation Index).	2
Received September 25, 2013; revised December 19, 2013; accepted December 20, 2013.	0
Topics with the largest increase in mIF were cardiac imaging (from 1.17 to 2.94) and neuroradiology (from 1.07 to 2.25).	4
Did the demise of the Soviet Union in 1991 influence the scientific performance of the researchers in Eastern European countries?	1
Excluding such very few surnames (66 in all) from the analysis, we have a dataset composed of 14,467 professors.	2
RQ4: Have factors, such as technology and the Internet, changed the distribution format of journals?	1
Using positive and negative tweets as an independent variable, and the citation count as the dependent variable, linear regression analysis showed a weak positive prediction of high citation counts across 16 broad disciplines in Scopus.	3
The median age of unindexed articles was 807 days (IQR, 671–807 days).	4
Web of Science (WoS) is chosen as the data source, which is an important and authoritative database for obtaining global academic information.	2
Caution must be heeded when using Google Scholar or Web of Science for calculating individual h-indices; Scopus may provide more accurate results for individual analysis.	5
Overall, the preprint servers reported 39.7% of all existing publication links only (Fig.	4
These data indicate a dramatic rise in the number of publications, increasing from 60 papers in 2000 to more than 370 in 2016, which represents an increase of more than 600%.	4
So far for some advantageous properties of power functions above exponential functions as size-frequency functions.	0
These are weighted by the journal Impact Factor (using Impact Factors from a standard source, such as JCR Web) and also weighted by author position (see the section on Name Position below).	3
The aim of the paper is to explore how the societal interaction was designed and commenced at the onset of the projects in order to understand the logic through which the consortia expected broad impacts to occur.	1
With low power [1 - β < α + ε/(1 + ?)], initial conditions matter: If the initial fraction of Better scientists is high [σ(0) > σ*], the Better paradigm eventually prevails [limt→∞ σ(t) =1], but if the initial fraction of Better scientists is low [σ(0) < σ*], the Worse paradigm eventually prevails [limt→∞ σ(t) = 0].	4
References across all assessments were overwhelmingly in English (96.6%; Table S1; Figure 1A), followed by some regionally important languages, such as Spanish for the Americas regional assessment (5.5%), Russian for the Europe and Central Asia regional assessment (4.5%), and French for the Africa regional assessment (2.3%).	4
The search yielded a total of 17,072 records.	2
Co-author collaborations of up to 18 years from first co-authored publication	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0737-8831.htm	0
We discuss the implications of our findings for science policy, beyond size, such as the output- instead of input-based perspective to form a team, time requirement to build a collaborative team, inter- and intra-disciplinarity oriented research, team directorship, etc.	5
Moreover, a co-word assessment was conducted for the period 1970-2018 using the SciMAT software [19].	3
The United States ranked first, which published 1382 oxycodone-related articles (51.974%), followed by Canada (187, 7.033%) and England (174, 6.544%).	4
Moreover, the predictive power of these models depend heavily upon scientists' career age, producing least accurate estimates for young researchers.	4
Section 3 presents the results obtained in the Web of Science Core Collection.	0
The areas of chemistry, physics, biology, mathematics, mechanics, geology, and computer science were considered.	2
16 days); 47.0% of COVID-19 research articles were accepted within the first week of submission, and 19.5% within one day.	4
It varies from map to map, as the underlying information varies.	0
A binary citation classification model was recently presented by Valenzuela et al.	4
The respondents rejected a lot of justifications for plagiarism, and there was little obvious recognition of self-plagiarism and the penalties for plagiarism.	5
The total number of articles available for analysis was 27,612, with Science (n = 3,910), Nature (n = 4,120), PNAS (n = 18,651), and PLOS (n =931).	2
The realities of the practices of interdisciplinary research centers display heterogeneous patchworks of research domains driven by multiple research trajectories-some enabling, and others generating interdisciplinary knowledge.	4
Specifically, we use a graph-based bibliographic data model to model common bibliographic data, transform the data into a format of a bibliographic network to derive embeddings of data, represent the relationship between two authors using vector operations, and build prediction models using machine learning.	3
According to 619 articles achieved from WoS, we identified important publications, authors, journals, institutions and countries, and analyzed the network of the platform research field.	5
While science collaboration has been studied in many ways (Katz & Martin, 1997), we conceptualize knowledge creation as the processes and conditions involved in coauthored publications of scientific research in peer-reviewed academic journals (Birnholtz, Guha, Yuan, Gay, & Heller, 2013).	1
Kullback and Leibler's (1951) divergence can be used to quantify changes among probability distributions of events (e.g., Frenken & Leydesdorff, 2000; Leydesdorff, 1991; 1995, at p.	3
The following information was extracted from each article: journal name, radiological subspecialty, imaging technique, animal species, number of animals used, number of authors, declared funding, country of origin, methodological quality, and ethical quality.	3
The 100 top-cited studies in allergy journals from the Web of Science were enrolled.	2
The top 100 articles with highest AASs were identified with Altmetric Explorer in May 2020.	2
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
The profile of nanotechnology patents in terms of workforce sectors has the implication that nanotechnology presents an environment where women are more able to catch collaborative opportunities and engage in patenting.	5
In conclusion, in the Section of Earth Sciences, neither the types nor the minimum values of the current performance indicators of the DSc title are correctly defined, and this issue may bias the outcome of the evaluation in individuals' research performance.	5
The article has not been submitted elsewhere for consideration of publication.	0
Acknowledgements I thank the reviewers for their constructive insights and suggestions.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Western countries demonstrated effective networking practices in constructing these networks.	5
Citation and content analysis were applied to articles grouped by accessibility (libre, gratis, and fee for access) for various bibliometric attributes.	3
A total of 3124 papers return from WoS database based on the above query string.	2
During the initial 18-months of the period, there were 7,805 original, meta-analyses, and review articles published in the 20 journals.	2
Since different types of data are multi-dimensionally related in the citation index, the CSSCI system constructs data warehouses so as to make the citation analysis thorough.	3
To this end, we use Coarsened Exact Matching (CEM)69.	3
4 Nanotechnology article output by all EU-27 countries versus production in the world's seven most productive countries a Sample 1.	0
The data were extracted from the Thomson Reuters Web of Science (WOS) in February 2013, with the search in the topic field covering the period from 1991 to 2012.	2
This part of the analysis revealed a considerable widening of the gender gap in scientific performance from 14% to 20%, in favour of male researchers, when research output was measured on the basis of the BRI instead of a ‘pure' counting of scholarly publications.	4
An implication for research evaluation is that short-term citation measures misjudge the value of pioneering and fundamental contributions.	5
The zero-inflated negative binomial (ZINB) model (Greene 1994) assumes that the probability of a paper belonging to the first group (with zero counts at all times) is φ and this probability is determined by characteristics of the paper.	3
The main objective of ethical ranking is to promote the ethical issues in the academic community and to provide a measure of ethical performance of higher education institutions as a complement to the present quality indicators.	1
This work explores the distribution of citations for the publications of top scientists.	1
Here we show that the accessibility in Eq.	3
Georg Winckler for supporting this work in terms of its realization and Michael Harlan Lyman for his general comments.	0
Importantly, we find no evidence of pretrends in any of these figures, suggesting that the increase in collaboration starts after the move and did not precede it.	4
The present article illustrates this notion of impact in considerable detail.	1
ECMT is the journal that has published the highest number of influential papers in business & economics including nine with more than 2,000 citations and 90 above 500 citations.	4
Then, co-word analysis method and strategic diagrams were utilized to detect the main research themes as well as explore the development situation and status of these research themes.	3
Please cite this article as: Wan-Ying Chang, et al., Research Policy, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.respol.2019.03.001	0
Over 2005–2015, Africa's patent applications grew from 10,900 to 14,800 with an average growth rate of 3.1% compared to the world growth rate of 5.4% (WIPO, 2016).	4
To study the impact of temporary employment in government, we explore the link between research fund acquisition of early career scientists and exposure of these scientists to rotators—academics who are seconded to the National Science Foundation (NSF) for typically two years before they return to their respective academic institutions.	1
Emphasis should be given to the fact that this is the Current Impact Factor as calculated within the model, with its implicit diffusion structure.	0
The ECI algorithm was used to measure the research portfolio complexity in this study.	3
If the query results are concentrated in clusters with characteristics associated with emergence (novelty and growth), we claim that it was possible to identify that the topic was emerging while it was emerging rather than retrospectively.	5
Excluding self-citations had minimal impact on the ranking of the top 50 countries.	5
To answer Questions 1 (network structure) and 2 (domain identification), we used industry standard network software (van Eck and Waltman, 2010) (http://www.vosviewer.com) to view the networks and derive 'modules' or clusters of well-connected terms.	3
RQ2: Which subject areas witness higher research collaboration among the SAARC countries?	1
In which local processes are scientometric data and indicators used and what specific functions do they serve?	1
The Science, Technology, and Society (STS) approach emerged in the 1970s due to rapid scientific and technological changes, coupled with a need for their public regulation and increased social awareness (López-Cerezo, 2017).	1
Downloaded by University of Sunderland At 23:42 19 October 2018 (PT)	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/2398-6247.htm	0
Conflict of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
We aim to contribute to this discussion by systematically evaluating the ability of LLMs' to differentiate between AI- and human-written conference abstracts and comparing the evaluations of all abstracts given by human reviewers to those given by AI.	1
The publications in high impact journals with low impact scores are discussed in the text.	0
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/rev/advance-article-abstract/doi/10.1093/reseval/rvy007/4929840 by University of Durham Stockton Campus user on 13 March 2018	0
The data suggest that an exceedingly robust global science system has emerged, one that is open to new entrants from the BRICS countries, based on merit.	5
On the basis of analysing the formation mechanism of NQPKE, we characterize NQPKE by the coupling and coordination degree of digital productivity and green productivity, we analyse NQPKE by using the entropy weight TOPSIS method and the coupling and synergistic model, and analyse the spatial-temporal characteristics, steady state development and constraints of NQPKE by using the method of kernel density estimation, the Markov chain, the spatial Markov chain, and the obstacle degree model based on data from 21 European countries from 2009 to 2022.	1
Here, papers include articles, notes, reviews, letters and conference proceeding papers.	2
Our hypotheses are assessed by regressing the log of the average yearly citations on each independent variable, representing multiple authorship, size of the section that awards, dummy variables representing subfield (with American as the omitted category), publication by a top ten publisher, and the percentage of award-winning authors who are female.	3
publishers of all sizes increased the production of OA journal articles between 2011 and 2021, but the share of top publishers increased the most;	4
The results indicate that the global spatial autocorrelation in the B&R region is not significant (Moran's I = -0.043).	4
In this study, we conducted an in-depth exploration of the relationship between institutional composition and academic paper novelty within a specific field.	5
The interviews were transcribed by a third party and the data was coded separately by the two researchers.	3
The following considers the incentives regarding exits, entrants and QTs in turn.	0
The dominance of article, over letters, notes, proceedings and other types of scientific documents, found in Brunei's publications, has also been found in most tropical countries studied this far (Monge-Nájera & Ho, 2012, 2017c).	5
A final sample of 472 original full-length scientific research articles was included.	2
The 116 conferences selected for analysis covered a wide geographical spread, with venues situated in 24 different countries.	2
Therefore, our study aims to examine the bibliometric characteristics and risk of bias in dental implant RCTs published in six high-impact journals during 2016-2017.	1
Impact does not appear to have reached the same levels as in the core citation indices.	5
To compare the presence of sub-Saharan African computer science researchers on these two networking sites, we used a random sample of 100 researchers from our database.	2
The objective of this study is to use these emails to identify potentially predatory journals in the area of surgery and plastic surgery.	1
An article was considered highly-cited if the number of citations it received was at least two standard deviations above the mean for all articles published in that journal that year.	3
The first exploration method is based on the set of keywords declared by the authors themselves when publishing in Cybergeo.	3
Using metrics for quantifying the diversity of ecological communities, we quantified international representation on the 1985–2014 editorial boards of 24 environmental biology journals.	1
More specifically, a keyword search approach was used to retrieve 2,454 articles on graduate education from 1996 until 2020.	2
Our first experiment investigates cheating behavior in a pair of online exams spanning 632 students in India.	1
A total of 5290 journal publications were considered for the analysis.	2
It takes a closer look at the factors that in the eyes of the first authors have helped make this research possible.	0
The one-way ANOVA test was applied to explore the statistically significant difference based on the academic disciplines of the journals regarding readiness for OA publishing.	3
The development of network public opinion during natural disaster events primarily focused on the disaster and social domains and was influenced by numerous variables, including the disaster itself, media communication channels, public sentiment, and response measures; moreover, the complexity, multilevel, and multidirectional characteristics of the evolutionary pathway of network public opinion was emphasized.	5
Our primary interest in this work is in the life science sector.	1
In total, 447 of 758 invited applicants (59.0%) participated in the survey (only PE and LS).	2
In most of the productive countries, female scientists are extremely underrepresented.	5
Are the plagiarized instances within a document measurable using the existing rubrics?	1
Controlling for a large number of familiar determinants (e.g., race, gender, rank, and institutional incentives), we find that conscientiousness predicts productivity, but that its effects are conditioned by openness to experience.	4
How was the trend of forestry documents publication during the period 2005–2019?	1
Joshi et al., 2021), we use the Brysbaert concreteness index (BCI) to assess concreteness levels.	3
A simple formula was developed to rank each website by giving the numbers 0-5 in each ranking system.	3
This research was conducted with the support of a UMRG grant (RG001/09ICT) from the University of Malaya (UM).	0
Gender coding was based on the published first name of authors; in cases where there was any doubt about the typical gender assignment of names, the web (eg, institutional websites) was searched using first and last name, for a picture or a he/she desig- nation.	3
We show that, for the discipline at large, the turn-around times have decreased, and impact factors have increased substantially over time.	4
Which topics play a minor (“peripheral") role within the field of economic research?	1
However, we find no evidence of a gender bias against women in the process from submission to acceptance.	5
We see that there are no Clusters with a journal devoted to them from cover to cover.	4
At global level, a total of 446,527 citations were achieved by as many as 75,887 publications, which means that each article on average has received 5.88 citations.	4
The average proportion of books with at least one library holding count in OCLC was 99.7% for print books and 99.1% for ebooks which corroborate with proportions (Table 1) reported for library holding in previous studies (Kousha, Thelwall and Abdoli, 2017; Halevi et al., 2016; Torres-Salinas et al., 2017).	4
Data from 4 consecutive editions of the Journal Citation Reports—2015 through 2018, Science Citation Index Expanded and Social Sciences Citation Index are used to this end.	2
Visual bibliometric mapping and citation analyses were performed with VosViewer version 1.6.5 (http://www.vosviewer.com).	3
To rule out the possibility that changes in the number of self-citations are driven by an overlapping general trend, rather than by the introduction of the habilitation criteria, we adopt a regression discontinuity design (RDD) (Imbens and Lemieux, 2008).	3
Then the articles are divided into CSS classes (Characteristic Scores and Scales 0,1,2,3) classes, as an alternative for percentile groups (e.g.	3
This paper introduces a data-driven methodology to study the historical evolution of mathematical thinking and its spatial spreading.	1
From 2004 to 2013, the annual number of books, articles, and other papers about the Wayback Machine rose at an annual average growth rate of 16%.	4
All in all, two interrelated questions emerge: (1) Can bibliometric methods help in determining scientific communities?	1
Therefore, the concept of H-Classics (Martínez et al.	3
Articles were evaluated for several characteristics including year of publication, article type, topic, open access, and country of origin.	2
We also confirm that the economic wealth and scientific publication are mutually predictive of each other, suggesting a strong feedback loop.	5
Bibliometric studies offer a means to gain knowledge on the evolution of scientific production in dedicated areas.	5
Considering these identified keywords linked to the renewable-energy nexus, the main sub-themes of the scientific production on renewable energy are: information and innovation, renewable technology, electrical network, bioenergy, pollution, market and energy policy.	4
We find that technological leading nations, beyond having the largest production of scientific papers and the largest number of citations, do not specialize in a few scientific domains.	4
The results of this research provide original quantitative evidence that might be informative not only for supporting discussions of academic performance appraisal, but also for mentoring junior faculty.	5
Refer to "Applications" in the next section concerning the specificity of application categories vis-à-vis individual measures.)	0
We also examined whether social networks imply characteristics of small-world properties.	3
Thus, it is important to conduct a future study that tracks the development of quantitative research in Arabic LIS studies by covering several periods.	0
Interface with African countries requires awareness that collaboration is driven partly by geography but also by shared culture and—very strongly—by language (Fig.	5
The HTML code is then parsed to retrieve documents' UTs, that is, "Unique Article Identifiers" in WoS.	3
Most bibliometric exercises are based on using publication counts and citation-based statistics which do not account for varying citation practices in different disciplines1.	3
The relationship between economists’ perception of pressure and scientific misbehavior is studied in an empirical analysis.	3
5 Hiring by HEIs versus graduation of SNI members in SS	0
However, predictive variables differed by HDI/GII quartile, suggesting that monolithic policies may not be appropriate for addressing gender disparities in science.	5
Altogether we have inspected more than 50,000 documents for this period.	2
The indicators show that structural changes have occurred since AI came into use with cyber security:	5
The authors' findings demonstrate a strong relationship between scholarly impact and securing NIH funding among faculty in academic neurosurgical departments.	5
Using bibliometric data from 2007 to 2018 in environmental engineering, 20 research communities were identified and two major drivers of scientific collaboration were revealed: research interest and country of one's affiliation.	4
(2013) to account for their results, namely the chief of lab's or principal investigator's power to exclude other research team members from inventorship (as well as to assign positions in the authors' by-line), and on the relative preferences for authorship and inventorship of senior vs.	1
By October 2020, 115 publications were corrected (3), had expressions of concern (18), or were retracted (94).	4
We constructed a human-annotated Chinese dataset for transdisciplinary citation content analysis using academic full texts, consisting of 14,832 transdisciplinary citation sentences from 23 disciplines that were annotated by postgraduates and experts who majored in information science.	2
This review could provide a valuable guide for designing future studies.	5
Online databases: The NASA Technical Report Server, the NASA Astrophysical Data System, the European Space Agency's space science portal, and other similar online databases are repositories that grant access to an expansive collection of documents spanning the space technology spectrum.	2
Each faculty member's recent publication activity was determined using the ISI Web of Science database to confirm that he or she had published at least one research paper in the last two years.	2
Thus, the international university URL-citation network is similar to other global information networks with core-periphery structures that have been characterized as supportive of World System Theory.	5
To quantify the author contributions, the AWS was used to calculate the x-index shown in previous articles.	3
To conduct our study, we considered the publications collected from LAU database for the faculty members assigned to the SoAS.	2
The purpose of this study was to analyze the orthopedic literature published during the COVID-19 pandemic to guide future research.	1
According to the QAP analysis, the correlation coefficient between the new ACR (after 2011) and the old PCR (before 2011) is 0.225 (p<0.001).	4
PageRanks and citation counts were calculated for each node in this network.	4
Using the Altmetric.com search tool, we identified the 100 most mentioned neuroimaging articles based on the highest Altmetric Attention Scores (AAS) within selected journals.	3
I rated the importance of a quotation in 3 degrees: low, if the statement supported by the reference was not important for the message of the quoting paper; high, if it was substantial; and intermediate, if a quotation was not instrumental to the message of a paper but served as scientific background.	3
SHERPA/ROMEO was used to determine the journals' OA level and archiving policy.	3
This final article is available for use under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial 2.0 Licence; see http://bmjopen.bmj.com	0
We investigate publications in medical research that have gone unnoticed for a number of years after being published and then suddenly become cited to a significant degree.	1
This paper is part of the Journal of Construction Engineering and Management, ?	0
The data contains 1,042,654 papers of which 778,988 fulfill two conditions: (i) a country address is provided1 and (ii) they are part of the subsets of (719,327; 69.0%) articles, (37,685; 3.6%) reviews, and (29,989; 2.9%) letters.	2
For the analysis presented here, we distinguish career stages with additional attention to the highly relevant aspect of job security (see also Sigl, 2016) and compare the following groups: a) Ph.D.	3
In this process, almost all researchers were able to give a name to a cluster and were able to provide us with an explanation of the content, therefore we consider that the clusters are feasible, but are not perfect, proxies to represent research areas.	0
Therefore, to address this gap, a bibliometric analysis of research related to COVID-19 in the subject area of social sciences was performed on selected publications from January 2020 to mid-2021.	1
On the contrary, if the review process is potentially informative but the reviewer reports are not costly for the referees, the biased reviewer has no incentive to become informed about the manuscript.	4
A total of 7,499 articles were collected from seven journals.	2
Then, the retrieval formula "TS = ("ecological footprint*" OR "eco-footprint*" OR "carbon footprint*" OR "emission* footprint*" OR "CO2 footprint*" OR "greenhouse gas footprint*" OR "GHG footprint*"OR "methane footprint*" OR "global warming potential footprint*" OR "water footprint*" OR "climate footprint*" OR "forest footprint*" OR "land footprint*" OR "landing footprint*" OR "nitrogen footprint*" OR "phosphorus footprint*" OR "material footprint*" OR "biodiversity footprint*" OR "chemical footprint*" OR "PM2.5 footprint*" OR "PM10 footprint*" OR "ozone footprint*" OR "energy footprint*" OR "footprint family*" OR "environmental footprint*" OR "ecosystem service footprint*" OR "waste footprint*" OR "fishing-grounds footprint*" OR "resource footprint*") AND PY = (1996-2018)" was used, and the retrieval data with a total of 7631 papers were collected on November 23, 2019.	2
Most of the DI in the BPs group is larger than in the NPs group, which indicates that NPs papers are much more consolidated than BPs, in general.	4
This search yielded 55 journals, and only journals for which journal-unique digital object identifiers (DOIs) could be identified from downloaded server data.	2
Results demonstrate that the RelRank is able to identify not only the high profile scholars but also those who are particularly significant for individual venues.	5
Compared to alirocumab and evolocumab, bococizumab (a failed drug) has a larger average clustering and a larger value of “[f]raction of top institutions accounting for 90% collaborations” (Table 1), suggesting that the more narrowly defined collaborative groups involved in this follow-on drug and also within the collaboration network are less likely to support successful collaboration in drug development.	4
The third source is Fong and Wilhite (2017) and from their data we collect information on whether or not a particular journal has been identified as one that coerces authors for citations.	2
Each inventor was interviewed about one specific invention which resulted in a patent.	3
This cross-sectional study, conducted during May-June 2023, employed bibliometric techniques and investigated the IJR website and the Scopus database.	2
The authors would like to thank all of the researchers and database providers who provided support for this study.	0
In all of Lis, Econ and Law, the citation indicators of papers published in own disciplinary journals, no matter the average two-year cumulative citation count in Fig.	4
Our approach to TOPSIS indicates that it can be a useful to understand the weight of factors behind the already taken decisions.	5
In order to trace the move of researchers from one country to another we used the unique Author ID offered by ScopusTM as a way to identify individual authors.	2
Overall, the message emerging from these results is that internationalization is largely an outcome of deep structural characteristics of national systems, as well as of individual HEIs, but at the same time contributes to the reinforcement of quality differences by directing flows of talented researchers selectively toward the best HEIs in the best countries.	5
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
In 44 out of the 56 subject categories are more than half of the articles co-authored and in 10 categories is more than 90 % of the articles co-authored.	4
The coefficient of the coupling index (lnC) exhibits statistical significance and a negative value, suggesting that an increase in the degree of the coupling index leads to a reduction in regional carbon emissions.	4
A total of 59,339 papers (58,781 unique, after eliminating duplicates) with 590,227 citations were downloaded for the study.	2
Required parts of the interaction plan (SIP) for the first call of the SRC	0
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Third, this research analyzed the changes in journal ranking in SCIE journal citation index by reflecting the citations of Korean natural science and engineering journals into JCR.	3
This matrix of webdomains inter-citations was also aggregated to the national level.	2
Given that older papers had more time to accumulate citations, we normalized the number of citations by article age.	3
The nationality of EBs was coded according to the country in which EB members have their current academic affiliation.	2
A common trend among these funds was the use of competitive calls which required researchers to prepare and submit proposals for individual work, team-based projects, or four-year grants for a research unit and laboratory.	5
We identified 20,780 documents on leishmaniasis published between 1945 and 2010, signed by 35,588 authors.	4
To systematically identify paper-patent citation linkages, we employ recently data from Marx and Fuegi (2020), which matched unstructured references in United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) to papers in the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG).	2
The total health research funding available in India in 2011-12 was US$ 1.42 billion, 0.09% of the gross domestic product (GDP) including only 0.02% from public sources.	4
The study covers cancer research as a subject case to verify and compare the databases of SCImago Journal and Country Rank and the bibliographies of PubMed biomedical literatures.	1
We extracted all metadata (with cited references) from all papers citing the 1985 Physics Nobel Prize paper on October 20, 2022, from the web interface of WoS (https:// login.webofknowledge.com).	2
In the next step, the data from the database is further analyzed and filtered using the limiting filter between the timeline to the year 2010–2020.	3
We perform an analysis of 25 popular benchmarks in AI, with 1,943 result entries overall.	2
Some types of technicians' outputs, for example, design pro- types, experimental data sets, or methodologies designed to test a hypothesis, if captured in an appropriate digital format, can be rea- sonably accommodated within existing identification and attribu- tion frameworks by utilizing DOI and ORCID identifiers (ORCID iDs).	2
The JIF ratio was calculated as the ratio of the JIF for 2021 to that for 2020.	3
Model details and additional data are available electronically at the pages of journal website: http:// //www.shd.org.rs/JSCS/, or from the corresponding author on request.	0
In both data sets, firms are identified by unique organization numbers, which were used to link the two data sets.	2
This study explored the role of habit strength and planned behaviour in relation to scholarly OA and non-OA publishing.	5
We find ourselves in substantial agreement with the discussants on many points.	5
For each of nearly 35,000 Scopus-indexed journals, we derive seven globalization indicators based on the composition of authors by country of origin and other characteristics.	3
To reduce the effect of such commonality, Inverse Document Frequency (IDF) value of keywords is multiplied with corresponding frequency values.	3
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
In the experimental condition, participants initially see a flawed version of a paper that is later corrected, while in the control condition, participants only see the correct version.	3
The overall purpose of this study was 2-fold: to explore the topical trends of ITAA professionals' DAP and to explore how apparel design scholarship has been cited in the discipline for the past two decades.	1
The characteristics of the new subset are not likely to be the same.	0
The search queries were based on four types of selection groups constituting four different comparative evaluations.	3
The search engine of the WoS Core Collection database provides a total of 1687 documents from IJCIM from 1988 to 2017, and these documents have received a total of 14,130 citations up to 31 December, 2017.	2
This study uses two datasets: a table with all the final resolutions of CKG calls from 2014 to 2019 and the articles the accepted projects indexed in the Web of Science produced.	2
Data were collected by the end of 2010.	2
This analysis includes only the general universities and industrial colleges (n = 193), as their research output data are recorded by the accreditation system.	2
CIT, total number of citations (including self-citations) of the scholar's publications; the citations of a publication have been divided by the median number of citations of all Italian publications, of the same type and year falling in the same subject category.	2
Leading the contributions are research intensive universities, with Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia (UKM) taking first place at 16.92 percent, followed by Universiti Malaya (UM) (16.41%) and Universiti Putra Malaysia (UPM) (14.20%).	4
%C, the percent of interinstitutionally collaborative articles in total articles for each institute.	0
UCINet is used mainly for social network measures (e.g., density and centrality) for network analysis (Borgatti et al.	3
This study only looks at the technical side of publishing, not at the editorial quality and the scholarly quality of the content.	1
Understanding the relationships between these distance factors and the international collaboration in the field of AI can provide a deep insight on how to achieve successful and efficient international collaboration in AI research.	1
Figure 1 shows a scheme for data retrieval for this study with numbers showing how many documents were retrieved in each step.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
In this article, we define parity as the proportion of female authors falling within 10% of 0.5, within the range of 0.45-0.55.	3
The present study focused on scientists with multiple retractions and found these repeating authors have a tendency to repeat retractions with much higher probability in comparison with those with a single retraction.	1
Data collection involved matching 15,454 unique book titles from the BKCI-Web of Science with tweets retrieved from Altmetrics.com, using ISBNs.	2
Here, we analyze a dataset of 1.5 million computer science papers maintained by Microsoft Academic Search, finding the citation count of the articles over the years follows a remarkably diverse set of patterns—a profile with an initial peak (PeakInit), with distinct multiple peaks (PeakMul) exhibiting a peak later in time (PeakLate) that is monotonically decreasing (MonDec), monotonically increasing (MonIncr), and cannot be categorized into any other category (Oth).	1
The co-citation analysis found a single cluster within the healthcare domain comprising four journals: BMJ, JAMA, Lancet, and the New England Journal of Medicine.	5
The results indicate that the approach of integrated the rescaled method and the AttriRank algorithm can effectively identify important patents.	5
Keywords Scientometric indicators · Research project proposals · Ex post evaluation · Peer review systems · Conflict of interests	0
Compared to European universities, universities in Asia-Pacific region improved rankings more obviously.	4
By article share we mean the percentage of peer-reviewed journal articles out of the total number of all peer-reviewed SSH publications (articles, books, book chapters, proceedings) registered in national databases.	3
Theoretically we relate the 'gamification' of research to neoliberal ideas about markets and competition.	1
The results make evident that the evolution of the complex temporal co-authorship and citation networks of the strategic management scientific community are governed jointly by the rich get richer and the fit get richer phenomena.	5
We have based our work on the linguistic ontology proposed by Bertin et al. (2009).	3
Findings suggest that belonging to a department decreases interdisciplinarity and that institutional constraints are more significant than the strength of the ties.	4
All the associations in CTD were downloaded in August 2017.	2
The 100 most-cited HBO2-focused publications accounted for 1.5% (100/6,517) of all publications and 8.1% (5509/67,726) of the total number of times cited.	4
The keyword co-occurrence analysis revealed that the words “exercise”, “brain natriuretic peptide” and “adolescent” had the highest frequencies of co-occurrence in the research on the topic analysed, creating three clusters.	4
δ ≥ δhSD, where δhSD = δhSD (κ) depends negatively on κ.	4
While the peer-review process is a holistic and subjective enterprise, citation-based metrics are quantitative and reductive but not necessarily more objective.	5
Faculty rosters for the included schools were collected from the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy (AACP) and school website directories.	2
The differences in the frequency of research misconduct with respect to the field of science and academic rank were tested using χ2 test.	3
The United States stands out as the leading country in the study of ethics in trading, with a significant contribution to the field.	4
We received correspondence back from 308 (51.1%) journals within our study timeline (32 days); (N = 46 predatory journals, N = 127 OA journals, N = 135 subscription-based journals).	4
The findings are (1) the newly proposed indicator that has advantages over previous interdisciplinary indicators characterizing the relative location of each discipline in the knowledge flow, through both direct and indirect citations; (2) particular importance was attached to Liu's contributions to management science (focusing on SoS) and philosophy (focusing on philosophy of science and technology) because of the "reverse-flow” of his knowledge from “net-inflow” disciplines to “net-outflow” disciplines, although his contributions covered at least four disciplines, namely management science, economics (focusing on technical economics), philosophy, and engineering; and (3) Liu's research has had ever-increasing influence on management science over the past decade, while his interdisciplinary citation influence decreased in economics, philosophy and engineering.	4
We therefore identify entry points to further studies on how humanities scholars address quality notions in their own words, what one might call 'quality from within'.	1
This study used two criteria to select OPR journals, open identities and open reports; at least one of the two core elements had to be implemented to qualify as an OPR journal.	2
The WoS now provides information about the Gold OA status based on the DOAJ.	2
Bibliometric analysis uses a set of quantitative approaches to formulating syntheses on a wide range of facts of the research documents published in a discipline, and as a whole, arrives at research findings showing the development and nature of that discipline (Sood 2020).	3
Can co-authorship networks established before target papers significantly explain the citation count of the target papers?	1
The results show that the item-oriented approach had the best performance regarding PEV.	4
Our dataset stems from ProQuest dissertations (20), which includes records of nearly all US PhD theses and their metadata from 1977 to 2015: student names, advisors, institutions, thesis titles, abstracts, disciplines, etc.	2
The percentage of PRd articles by journal will be discussed later.	0
The provided data set is the data collected and arranged from DBLP, ACM, Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG), and other sources of information.	2
Specifically, each policy citation is conceptualized as a multidimensional feature collection consisting of 26 interpretable citation features (comprising 51 measurements) pertinent to the adoption of specific policies.	3
Conflict of Interest The authors declare that there is no conflict of interest.	0
The set of prominent authors selected from the method consisted of experts who could be confirmed to be active in the scientist's specialty, and its bibliometric characteristics do not deviate from those observed for the set of reviewers suggested by the scientist.	4
Therefore, our study mainly draws on the integration score rather than on individual dimensions of diversity.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 62(8):1498–1514, 2011	0
Lastly, alumni could also access the online survey directly through the Alumni Impact Survey website.	0
The present research indicated that the number of years since publication, type of paper, and scope of the paper's title were the most significant factors influencing the citation status of papers in the IJR.	5
The first part of this study compared the vocabularies of the five empirical members of Comte's hierarchy of the sciences (HoS) plus psychology (i.e., astronomy, physics, chemistry, biology, psychology, sociology).	3
We assessed the extent to which scientific research published since the year 2000 in 20 conservation science journals is publicly available.	1
The above mentioned correction of the citation frequencies with respect to self-citations can be implemented into the calculation of h, the resulting sharpened index h? = 28 can be read off Figure 5, looking for the largest rank for which the newly sorted distribution of independent citations is equal to or larger than the rank.	3
The proof is obvious from Lemma 2 for j = 1 and j = k.	0
2012b), in this paper our target is to apply a novel methodology for benchmarking subject categories.	1
However, using this system to detected sentences from generators which use other techniques, such as the Markov model or RNN is impractical.	5
Each point in the map is colored in relation to the density of the items at that point.	0
I have mentioned only a few of the people and projects that I knew at the time and that influenced my work.	0
2) Have evolving information production practices and delivery technologies affected expectations of users of a database like ASFA?	1
The results were largely consistent with previous studies indicating that serious forms of fraud like data fabrication are relatively rare.	4
A case study of two researchers who are using publication marketing tools confirmed that the article visibility will greatly improve the citation impact.	1
In many respects, these databases complement each other, and their combined use provides a more complete data coverage and analysis than the separate use of any of them.	2
Surrey was among the first to respond, with a growing repository and open access policy in place by 2005.	2
This leaves us with 1194 observations of 498 economists at 48 universities.	2
The process is a manifestation of what Bourdieu and Wacquant have termed US “cultural imperialism.”	1
The analysis also shows that a small number of elite CS conferences have the highest average paper citation rate of any publication type, although overall, citation rates in conferences are no higher than in journals.	4
We performed the RPYS analysis until the RPY 2015 to ensure a citation window of at least three years (we counted citations until the end of 2017).	3
Conflict of interest The author declare that they don't have any conflict of interest.	0
This article is structured as follows: Materials and methods section describes the study design, including data acquisition, search strategy, inclusion criteria and exclusion criteria and data analysis.	0
We found that the success rates of competing R01s decreased at all levels: NIH, NHLBI, Division of Cardiovascular Sciences, and Vascular Biology and Hypertension Branch.	4
A total of 3713 records had been retrieved in this manner.	2
The purpose of this paper is to study the effects of the choice of database and data retrieval methods on the research performance of a number of selected Asian universities from 33 countries using two different indicators (publication volume and citation count) and three subject fields (energy, environment and materials) during the period 2005-2009.	1
Two geographic variables were compiled: the country of the author of the book review, and the country of the topic of the book.	3
This study mapped articles and review articles published by the MIOC from its first issue in 1909 to 2020.	5
Total of 15,191 articles were identified from three academic databases; and from them 48.32 % published as original articles.	2
The government should support researchers to have more and easier contacts with foreign researchers in terms of budget and programme and institutional improvement, including the evaluation system.	5
The h-index increased with academic rank: 4.59 for assistant professors, 9.10 for associate professors, and 15.30 for professors.	4
The intuition behind eigenvector centrality is that important nodes are those that are linked to by other important nodes; although this may sound circular, importance scores can be calculated recursively according to this principle.	3
Data were collected on place and status of employment, knowledge and awareness of JIFs, and criteria used to choose journals for publication.	2
Analysis was carried out with IBM SPSS Statistics 20 (SPSS, Chicago, IL, USA).	3
This could be due to the different reward process used in industrial and academic milieus (Owen-Smith et al., 2001), or to the	0
A search for articles (November 2013) on cancer and liposomes, or cancer and metallic nanostructures, was performed in the Web of Science (WOS).	2
The top 100 articles presented a median AAS of 119, and were mostly discussed on news outlets, Twitter and Mendeley.	4
Editorials, letters, comments and congress abstracts were excluded.	2
Special thanks go to Tom Howes and Nicholas Neill-Fraser for editing the final manuscript.	0
Although irregularity in publication, improper execution of review process, non-disclosure of article processing charges, lower percentage of foreign contributors and low citation rate were identified as some drawbacks with Indian physics, chemistry and biology journals.	4
The regional distribution of both the publisher's country and authorship is highly skewed, in particular Asia and Africa contributed three quarters of authors.	4
Citation analysis was first employed to produce a cited periodicals list in chemical engineering for use in the database comparison.	3
Citation analysis of the scientific literature has been used to study and define disciplinary boundaries, to trace the dissemination of knowledge, and to estimate impact.	1
When it has been impossible or too costly - for decision-makers to change the academic research council system in itself, they have found other channels to reach their goals by circumventing this part of the funding system.	4
In assigning socioeconomic objectives to grants, we saw relatively poor precision and recall in classification, due to the poorly formed and sparse language models available for those terms.	4
To test the proposed method, we use a database produced by from Thomson Scientific in 2004 (Thomson Scientific 2004), that contains all papers published between 1980 and 2003 with at least one address in Mexico.	2
FIGURE 4 | The international collaboration network in digital learning and teaching between SEA nations and partner countries.	0
The list of 39,152 author name pairs in synonym relation was kindly provided by Florian Reitz at DBLP.	0
Are there differences in Nobel laureates' text borrowing in terms of plagiarizing others' works and self-plagiarism?	1
The research assistance of Pamela Bulloch, Harriet Gluckman, Priscilla John and Norman Panico is gratefully ac- knowledged.	0
Our main contribution consists in further understanding how government research funding and scientific networks influence research publications in the field of nanotechnology.	1
The above analysis shows how full and fractional counting may lead to completely different results in determining the relatedness of journals based on bibliographic coupling.	4
Acknowledgements The authors wish to thank the assistance from Hyo-Chan Park and Young-Suk Paek during data collection.	0
The total citations of all articles equaled 138,992, and 5.97% of these were self-citations.	4
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
From this dataset of 18,000 records, we have selected two subsets; the first subset contains 100 randomly selected authors and second subset contains 500 randomly selected authors.	2
The regional approach can also be observed in the second cluster (CL 2), where the authors from the Universidade Federal da Paraíba (UFPB) prevail, in a partnership with the Universidade Federal de S?o Carlos (UFSCar), represented in the group by one author.	0
Our conclusions assert that outward foreign direct investment does not contribute to a higher penetration of renewable energy, and we offer two possible explanations for this.	4
These data indicate that less than 10 percent of USALs published a peer-reviewed journal article in one of the major LIS journals studied during a five-year period.	4
Obviously, high-impact authors show higher NSD, which indicates that the influence of the higher-impact authors’ collaborators is more diverse.	4
Male first authors were 1.9 times more likely to engage in international collaborations.	4
This was also true of no-outcome links, but to a much lesser extent.	0
We therefore argue that in order to make researchers and research administrators metrics literate, videos need to be produced by involving experts on content as well as online education and video production.	5
panels in Spain for the period 1994-2003 and examines to what extent the local influence and the scholarly contribution of actors can explain the centrality of Spanish scholars in such network.	1
We calculated expected total citations to a journal (ECJ) for the whole dataset as well as for broad area datasets: ECJ; = IF; × ni	3
In 2016–2017, the USA led again with 898 papers (29.6 per cent; 4575.3 IFs), followed by Japan with 414 papers (13.7 per cent; 1556-6 IFs) and the Netherlands with 167 (5.5 per cent; 885-2 IFs).	4
This article motivates the use of metaknowledge and explains its design and core functionality.	1
There were 318 oncology journals compared to 260 in 2011, an increase by about 24.2%, and the percentage of OA journals has increased from 19.6% to 23.9%.	4
This paper explores how the patterns of collaboration change throughout a scientist's career, especially their collaboration with so-called "giants"-well-known elite scholars with very high scientific impact.	1
The results also show an increasing trend line regarding the percentage of peer-reviewed articles and of publications indexed in highly regarded databases like Arts & Humanities Science Index and the Social Sciences Citation Index.	4
All publications from this list were included in our study.	2
Dominant pattern: The first author and the corresponding author of a paper are affiliated with institutions in country A; thus, country A has the most dominant influence on paper completion.	3
On the basis of title words related to khat, publications were identified for all data in Scopus bibliographic database's history up to December 31, 2014.	2
By analyzing the staged evolution process and the research hotspot of international research collaboration network (IRC network) of Chinese Business School, this paper summarizes and analyzes the factors that influence the quality of papers published by Chinese Business School in UTD24 journals: degree centrality of an institution, betweenness centrality of an institution, the degree of attention of an institution, the degree of novelty of an institution, and the number of countries cooperating with the institution.	1
An additional goal was identifying practical steps that monograph publishers can take to ensure that they make the most of the data they have access to.	1
With access to over 16 million SDG-related research articles in Scopus and over 10 million policy documents in Overton, the size of our dataset enables us to examine the relationship between research quality indicators and policy citations at scale.	2
Replies from nine of the 48 institutions for higher education in Sweden was considered an acceptable rate, considering that there are 18 universities with organized bibliometric activities, of which 14 are located within the university library.	2
This study used the Scopus database to perform bibliometric analysis.	2
In the first dataset, reliable individual differences decreased substantially from excellent reliability when productivity is not modeled at all to inacceptable levels of reliability when productivity is controlled as a person-covariate, while in the second dataset reliability decreased only negligibly.	4
Section 6 provides a discussion of the results, while Section 7 collects the insights obtained through this analysis.	0
To check if bibliographic data contains information to answer this question we used the classification scheme presented Table 3 to assign one of six science levels to publications.	3
Of those, there were 60,566 (5.3%) articles published in OA journals, that is, in journals in which all published articles are OA.	4
One possible reason for this phenomenon is that tenure-track faculty are directed by an evaluation system that places more emphasis on quantitative indicators (Lai, Du, and Lo 2016; Zhu and Liu 2014).	5
A Pearson chi-square test (the significance level is 0.05) revealed no significant difference in the publishing attitude between males and females.	3
After using the matching function in Microsoft Excel and performing a manual re-screening, the end result was a total of 4215 education policy citation relationships from the originally extracted 5793 education policies.	2
We limited our analysis to competitive research proposals submitted to the NIH.	0
This article addresses the issue of internationalization of social sciences by studying the evolution of production (of academic articles), collaboration and citations patterns among main world regions over the period 1980–2009 using the SSCI.	1
Besides bibliometric measures, the abstracts of the 122 articles gathered are examined using Nvivo12 software.	3
We then try to see if these values depend on the quality rank of the conference justifying this way the existence of the different classifications in the CORE-ranking system.	1
0.3980) and 25.78% better than that of HybridK50-TitleAbstract (0.4908 vs.	4
Overall, the JCR DB attributes to Russia only 143 out of 164 Russian journals (87%); on the Scimago portal, 225 out of the 331 Russian journals (68%) are attributed to Russia.	4
We point out that different approaches can be taken to construct a bibliometric network.	1
This paper focuses on the humanities to show the role of acknowledgements within the reward system and highlight publication patterns and inherent research features which make acknowledgements particularly interesting in the area as reflection of the socio-cognitive structure of research.	1
In order to calculate the thematic affinity of the percentages of scientific collaboration between Mexico and its strategic countries in each of the 27 thematic areas relative to the total production are calculated.	3
More specifically, publication count and citation analysis were examined as a means of assessing the productivity of full-time academic staff at TU-K.	3
Therefore, the overall coverage of dataset representing the German political science in WoS is about 7 % (70/1,015), and the coverage of BKCI is about 2 % (23/1,015).	4
For the marketing academics in the five countries the index ranged from zero to 77.	4
Although the notions of research groups and research networks should be intuitively clear, in practice it is often difficult to distinguish and operationalize groups and networks for measurement purposes.	0
Retractions could be a tool used to add to the scientific discourse, but currently we are only getting half the data, the what and not the why.	5
Further, through the research contributions of affiliated authors and PhD graduates, we identify those institutions within each country that are the leaders in terms of OM research and education efforts.	1
This research uses a qualitative approach to explore Chinese academics' perceptions of OA academic publishing and open scholarship, their attitudes towards and participation in open initiatives.	2
Please cite this article as: Andrikopoulos, A., Samitas, A., Kostaris, K., Four decades of the Journal of Econometrics: Coauthorship patterns and networks.	0
The ex post analysis of the interdisciplinary publishing process in Ecology and Society was guided by two research questions: (1) What are the factors that hinder or support publishing interdisciplinary research?	1
Patent applicants with high centrality are mostly firms.	4
Between September 2019 and February 2020, we obtained individual citations, Altmetric scores, and details of Altmetric components (eg, number of tweets, Facebook posts, etc) for each article published in 2017.	2
The methodology and the calculations that were used in this study are described in detail and we believe that the lessons we learnt, and the recommendations we make, will be of much use to future researchers interested in using the WoS OA labels, and to the field of citation advantage in general.	5
Then, a fuzzy distance between the two domains is found based on an arbitrary indicator.	3
i), with index i running through the median rank ?	3
Measures of descriptive statistics (frequency, percentage, mean, standard deviation (SD), median and range) were used according to the types of variables.	3
However, the methodology proposed in this research can be equally applied to the study of the more general Web-searching activities (noncatalog).	0
The study establishes a significant, though weak relationship between collaboration and publication productivity for academic scientists in Kenyan Universities.	4
The study further finds that open access journals in Spanish literature are cited more frequently than closed access journals.	4
This study investigated and compared the proportions and trends of coauthored articles by practitioners in the three fields of computer science, library science, and management.	1
It is underscored that the IF Median is substantially lower than the journal impact factor for all 30 journals under consideration in this article.	4
When focusing only on domestic publications, most MENA countries show an exclusive contribution of domestic funders (bottom chart).	4
In this study therefore, we collected co-authorship keywords and related data from 1,032 publications between 1997 and 2012 from the most influential journal on the topic: the Journal of Industrial Ecology.	2
Are the percentages of OA journal articles among the most frequently cited 1%, 5%, and 10% of articles higher than those of subscription journal articles?	1
Increased social impact of dental articles is not significantly associated with high citation rates.	5
We were not able to classify ten documents because they were written in a language we could not understand or could not display the characters in our browser.	0
The results of this study revealed a stable trend in the number of FMF-related articles from 2010 to 2019.	5
Information about funding, as well as numbers of professors and other researchers, was obtained from official higher education statistics collected by the German Statistical Office (Destatis; Fachserie 11, Reihe 4.3.2).	2
Nevertheless, as Schofer (2003a), Rilling (1986) and Schimank (1988) have concluded, the external roles of associations (establishing connections between science and society) have become more important than the internal ones.	5
Despite these potential biases, bibliometric measures come to function as technologies supporting a managerial narrative of the gender-blind organization.	4
This study collected publications from January 2020 to December 2021 that came from the journals under WoS category of “information science & library science."	2
The citation analysis analyzed faculty citations for publications published from 2002 to 2010.	2
A comparison of the methodology used by India Today, The Week and NIRF 2017 reveals that NIRF is more objective in nature as it gives approximately 80–90% weightage to factual (as different from perception) data.	4
We first take cognizance of P, the number of papers indexed by Scopus by each scientist published up to and including 2013.	2
Received: 12 December 2023 / Accepted: 12 August 2024 / Published online: 9 September 2024	0
We first utilized ANOVA with Bonferroni post host test to examine contrasts among sociologists who worked in one of the three ranked tiers—top, middle, and bottom—into which sociology programs are categorized.	3
Downloaded by University of California San Diego At 18:24 27 June 2016 (PT)	0
RQ1: To determine whether or not altmetrics are of use in studying any given scientific area?	1
Our results suggest that greater emphasis on scientific norm subscription, strengthening reviewers in their role as gatekeepers of research quality and curbing the "publish or perish" incentive system promotes research integrity.	5
This was a retrospective study developed at Instituto do Cora??o (InCor), S?o Paulo.	2
To identify peer reviewer and peer review characteristics that enhance manuscript quality and editorial decisions, and to identify valuable elements of peer reviewer training programs.	1
A total of 2,408 documents in the field of infectious diseases were published in Arab countries, which represents 1.06% of worldwide research output.	4
?These four journals are Mer-Marine Engineers Review, Man in India, Nursing History Review, and Russian Politics and Law.	0
On univariate analysis, years in practice, h-index, and a history of NIH funding were significantly associated with a surgeon's academic rank (P < .05).	4
I would suggest that many of such intended and unintended aspects fall under the umbrella of the 'projectification' of science induced by funding (see also Felt, 2021a).	5
As for the values of h-index, Table 1 shows a summary of the results.	0
A total of 26,100 records were initially collected, including 569 noisy data entries and 163 non-academic documents.	2
A commonly used 5-fold cross validation method was used to evaluate the performance of classifiers.	3
Each parameter in the table plays a critical role in interpreting bibliometric data:	0
This objective aims to make clear the biases that could appear in this population and discuss how they would affect the research evaluation.	1
The present study sets out to use full-text analysis to assess the extent of the phenomenon of text recycling in Russian-language publications.	1
Our data show that fellowships with faculty of longer career duration tend to produce research of greater impact, but that fellowships with more fellow positions do not.	5
When we add Level 2 weighting, the gap increases again, implying that, on average, men publish more than women in top-tier channels.	4
The OA articles had greater mean AAS (13.45 versus 8.42, P = .012) and Mendeley readership (43.91 versus 36.72, P < .001).	4
Multilevel negative binomial regression was used to model the effects of each factor on 5-year citation counts.	3
The top ten journals that cited the most papers in the eight journals were selected for calculating the adjusted IF by the equation, Adjusted IF = ∑ (IF of a journal × citing times in this journal / total citing times in the top 10 journals).	3
The affiliation analyses indicate that most of the top productive institutions are well known globally, and nearly all the universities from G8 countries are world-class universities, as identified by multiple university rankings, which implies that internationalized universities play a critical role in the internationalization of Chinese academic journals.	5
Though statistically analyzed results of this study suggest that internet access has a negative association with students' plagiarism, ethics control and teaching factors have a positive association.	4
* indicates statistical significance (p < .05), ** indicates significance p ≤ 0.01.	0
Somewhat similar to what was found for the number of publications (Table 4), the results suggest a positive and statistically significant relationship as well.	4
We are grateful to VINNOVA for their support of this study.	0
Analysis of Hotspots and Trends in Digitalization Research of Chinese Archives Based on Bibliometrics.	0
This study aims to analyze the intellectual and thematic structural evolution of Spanish Communication research between 1980 and 2020 in articles published in journals indexed in the Communication category of Scopus.	1
In order to better understand the discipline's current normativities, we first conducted a content analysis of peer review documentation.	3
The analysis is based on data for 241 universities in Russia for 2015–2016 obtained from different sources: Interfax (privately held independent major news agency in Russia) National Ranking of Universities, monitoring of efficiency of activity of educational organizations of higher education (launched by Information-Computing Centre of Ministry of Education and Science of the Russian Federation), and Russian Science Citation Index (largest Russian information and analytical portal in science, technology, medicine, and education and electronic library of scientific publications with 28 mlns of documents).	2
This study also shows that international collaboration was associated with increased citation rates and that review articles have higher citations than original research articles.	5
A great overlap between the most frequently explored topics based on corpus analysis and the keywords has been identified.	5
Abbreviations: Vol = Volume; TC = Total citations; Co-cit = Co-citations; B = Book; A = Article; C = Conference Proceedings.	0
As documents for the description of demonstrative examples, which show how the evaluation of topic relationships can be tackled, different sets of SPON (SPiegelON-line) articles were available.	2
We estimate that the diffusion started in the mid-1990s, lagged 20 years compared to economics, and is now used in the majority of corporate finance articles.	4
Therefore, this study employs SEM for mediation analysis and follows the methods proposed by Baron and Kenny (1986) and Zhao et al.	3
First, the authors are interested to learn whether there is a significant quantitative growth of international comparative higher education research.	1
Clearly, the proportion of non-indexed journals has decreased over time on account of the growing importance of publications included in the JCR.	4
Specifically, this study aims to achieve the following objectives: (1) identify the most representative keywords in lodging literature, (2) examine the dynamics of the conceptual structure of the literature, (3) identify the topologies of co-word network by period, (4) visualize critical keywords in the network, and (5) identify research lines in the lodging-context studies to present potential research agenda.	1
We use the t-SNE algorithm (t-distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding) [24] and its modification that takes into account time-ordered input data, Dynamic t-SNE [25].	3
1) Bibexcel: The scientometric analysis software used for concatenating exported plain text files using the Web of Science database.	3
The purpose of this research is to investigate the institutionalized stratification of China's scholarly communication in SSH by comparing the research performance between elite and non-elite universities over the past decade.	1
An analysis of the frequency of research labels used by authors revealed that using manually added research labels did not usefully differentiate specialist LA researchers from others, for the following reasons: Consistency: Manually added research labels may vary in the level of detail and specificity used to describe a particular research interest.	5
The study's findings may shed light on the strengths and weaknesses of the country's research infrastructure, as well as the effectiveness of government policies and funding mechanisms.	5
Пусть имеется два журнала j =1, 2, представляющих две группы изданий в некоторой научной области.	2
Thus, it can be deduced that state-of-art in second-generation ethanol comes exclusively from North-American authors.	4
With this keyword co-occurrence matrix in hand, we employ Eq.	3
The analyses of variance of the RCA scores for publications for the 27 major thematic areas for 1996–2016 show increasing similarities in performance for all of the thematic areas (Fig.	4
He defined a Hirsch-type index to characterise "partnership"in scientific publication output: An actor is said to have a partnership ability index φ, if with φ of his/her n partners had at least φ joint actions each, and with the other (n - φ) partners had no more than φ joint actions each.	3
SciELO health sciences journals use an OA model of science communication, published mostly by academic or scholarly institutions, and distributed under open licences that allow sharing and reuse of their articles.	5
Most run-times scale linearly or exponentially with file size.	5
As expectations for graduate student publication and ability to work on larger research teams rise, it is important that universities and faculty advisors provide resources and training to allow graduate students to successfully reach these new expectations.	5
The peer review history for this article is available at https://publons.com/publon/10.1111/jan.14463.	0
Publication data from a PubMed search was downloaded into EndNote X7 (Thomson Reuters, New York, NY, 2013).	2
First, a logit regression model was performed to generate the propensity scores.	3
In this study, the problem of digital plagiarism was addressed in the context of educational data mining, and it was investigated whether the automatic feedback provided by means of text mining was effective in preventing this serious problem that obstructs online learning.	1
The research findings show that the number of articles, number of author appearances, number of authors, number of multi-authored articles, and number of authors of multi-authored articles increased over 68% on average in each period.	4
A list of all 76 Spanish universities with their web domains was compiled in order to obtain their web citations.	2
We used the SCOPUS data from the SCImago Journal & Country Rank website (https://www.scimagojr.com/).	2
The goal of this study was to analyze the characteristics and trends of scientific publications that focused on neuro-intervention during the past decade.	1
Moreover, the analysis gives the impression that a deficit model of the performance of African science systems prevails in large parts among the research funders from Europe and Japan.	4
graduates, while the values for both groups in both indicators are unexpectedly notably decreasing over the years.	4
In order to pursue the above objectives, required data for this study have been collected from Scopus.	2
This study aims to reveal the factors affecting the publication speed of journals.	1
Legal Studies: Due to technical difficulties, the person could only participate for a very limited period.	0
Robust regression models are used to investigate the relation- ship between number of authors, number of affiliations, and number of countries, respectively, and citation impact—controlling for the papers' quality (measured by F1000Prime expert ratings).	3
In a second step we performed a coarsened exact matching (CEM) procedure (Iacus, King, & Porro, 2012, 2015) using the WoS subject categories, publication year, and 5% percentiles of cumulative number of citations before the event.	3
The Science Citation Index/Social Science Citation Index (SCI/SSCI) was selected as the source database, due both to its strong medical component and its use and linking of references.	2
This yielded a sample of unique public Web sites, the population of interest for the analysis in this study.	0
This paper discusses an appropriate perspective for the scientific community to have regarding governmental research grant funds to maximize the efficiency of science foundations.	1
Both databases were consulted on March 17, 2018.	2
Question 2 (Q2): Is the effect of the amount of knowledge, that is, the number of references, similar in open and closed access journals when the motivation of CI on open innovation is moderated?	1
Are there biases against Asian country authors, developing and non-Western country authors or English as a second language (ESL) authors that reviewers and editors need to address?	5
In choosing the period, I took into account both the database (information on authors' keywords in publications from 1991 onwards is available in WoS) and the fact that a long period is better for identifying patterns.	0
They also determined that Indonesia has rapidly and recently increased its hosting of international conferences whose proceedings are indexed in the major citation indexes.	5
The number of co-institution papers is 1.8 times higher than that of single-worked papers, indicating that collaborative research among different institutions is the mainstream.	4
Any topic related to individuals on the autism spectrum; ?	3
Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA), a widely used model for topic modeling, is frequently used in text mining (Blei et al., 2003; De Mauro et al., 2018).	3
Using data on approximately 1.5 million papers published in the field of BMB and the references they cite, this paper aims at confirming, at the level of a discipline, the trends on the increase of interdisci-plinarity found at the macro-level, as well as assessing the evolution of the different disciplines that contribute to its development.	1
Within the neoclassical framework, we use varieties of indicators to proxy research performance, and a few sensitivity analyses were also performed.	3
Both DOIs and metadata searches were used to match Scopus articles to Mendeley records, combining the results to give the most comprehensive data (Zahedi et al.	2
Using Model 1 we can say that, on average, we can correctly predict 63% ± 2% of the pairs.	4
This can be achieved by performing searches for unpublished research in several key types of resource, namely: catalogues of academic theses (i.e., master's and doctoral dissertations); databases that include conference proceedings; pre-print servers (e.g., biorxiv.org); funders' databases of on-going research; and calls for submission of evidence to relevant scientific communities.	3
Within the limitations of the present study, online attention to orthodontic research can be improved.	5
webometrics.info), plus an additional group of 100 universities from BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India, China) and CIVETS (Colombia, Indonesia, Vietnam, Egypt, Turkey, South Africa) countries to increase the presence of the emerging economies.	2
A statistical multivariate analysis of all the characteristics of the documents has been performed through the powerful statistical software R (Team</ORGANIZATION> 2013).	3
A computerized literature search was conducted using Scopus, the largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature.	2
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
In terms of population, however, smaller countries such as Switzerland and Sweden were much more active.	5
The following finding resulting from the combined analysis of readiness measures and focus-group interviews merits highlighting: Although all analyzed aspects seemed to speak in favor of collaborative readiness among researchers from an outside-perspective, the researchers themselves reported to perceive little or no E&C among the sub-projects.	5
After this verification, the area of each SSGP and its Institution was identified, by consulting the Evaluated and Recognized Courses section of the CAPES website.	3
An empirical application comparing some impact indicators with our topic normalized impact factor in a set of 224 journals from four different fields shows that our normalization, using the citation potential in the journal topic, reduces the between-group variance with respect to the within-group variance in a higher proportion than the rest of indicators analyzed.	4
Twitter may be the best social media platform for promoting a research article.	5
Text mining and co-authorship analysis were processed in VOSviewer (van Eck and Waltman 2010).	3
For this reason, the reader is cautioned that the choices were to some extent arbitrary, and reflect the biases of the authors.	0
Simple fusion explicitly linked the topic terms, which can be used as automatic seed marking for subsequent link prediction to identify implicit linking of topic terms.	3
The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s10961-017-9561-4) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Different quantitative analyses have been carried out to classify the most to the least cited subject areas that are useful to show the most active and dynamic fields in research.	3
Research Question 1: How prevalent are titular stylistic cues in communication research?	1
This article reports on a large-scale exercise of classification of journals in the fields of Humanities and Social Sciences, carried out by the Italian Agency for the Evaluation of Universities and Research Institutes.	1
In this work, we conduct two kinds of analyses: We measure the correlation between behavioral metrics and citations, and we investigate the predictive potential of these metrics over citations in the future, that is, in the year after the observed activity in BibSonomy.	3
to visualize and identify the topologies of the overall co-authorship network of SM research to determine whether the networks in the SM field reflect the characteristics of a “small world’’ approach -reflecting the characteristics of social networks (Watts and Strogatz, 1998).	0
In terms of dental specialty, the highest number of publications dealt with a topic corresponding to Dental Public Health (n=15, 9.20%), followed by Prosthodontics and Restorative Dentistry (n=4, 17.39%), Oral and Maxillofacial Radiology (n=2, 8.69%), Pediatric Dentistry (n=1, 4.35%), and Periodontics (n=1, 4.35%).	4
The research topic #31 expresses the process of programmed cell death, or apoptosis.	4
Finally, our results showed that countries with higher levels of inequality (higher GII values) tend to present higher relative values of scientific productivity in the field.	4
While previous work is often small-scaled and largely based on case studies and qualitative work, we present a large-scale, quantitative, and representative study to investigate important drivers behind research collaboration problems in various disciplines.	1
Because this study aims to extract microscopic topics within a limited range in the field of science and technology, we used a lexical approach and performed the analysis using the abstracts of research articles.	3
The standard approach is a Cox proportional hazard model, which is specified as: hi(t, Xit, Zi) = ho(t) exp(β'Xit + θ'Zi),	3
Ralph Reimann is at the University of Vienna, Quality Assurance, 1090 Vienna, Austria.	0
In this paper, we examine both the professional and more personal factors that influence the mobility of elite life scientists.	1
This study adds to the dialog of barriers to gold open access by exploring the voice of the LIS community and illustrating changes in interest over time.	5
Researchers were consulted to identify and label resulting clusters in the VOSviewer visualizations.	3
In this exercise, we aimed to characterize panelist preferences regarding candidates to profile what an optimal candidate would look like.	1
There is a clear USA bias in our data and it is highlighted in the literature (section I).	0
The basic information of communities in the giant component during typical periods.	0
*The first three variables are significant beyond the .003 level and the next two variables are significant at the .05 level.	0
Do elite effects exist, whether positive or negative, for analytical, managerial, and entrepreneurship journals?	1
We grouped all papers based on publication month: January/February (Group I), March/April (Group II), May/June (Group III), July/August (Group IV), September/ October (Group V), and November/December (Group VI).	3
Descriptive statistics were used to characterise the sample and analyse the trend of retracted paper mill papers over time, and to analyse their impact and visibility by reference to the number of citations received.	3
We therefore generated a 10-year impact factor for English-language history journals using the Web of Science Arts and Humanities Citation Index.	2
The results show that taking the top positions in the Shanghai Ranking does not guarantee the best results in Performance and Graduation rates.	4
We identified four themes from the analysis of the interview data (1) providing minimal guidance to peer reviewers, (2) communication strategies of engagement with peer reviewers, (3) concern about impact of review model on communication and (4) different practices in the moderation of communication between authors and peer reviewers.	4
The second step selects novel topics from the candidates predicted to be popular in the first step.	3
(4) The robustness of our approach is validated by examining the links between researchers' topic orientation and supplementary variables such as publication practices, gender, institutional affiliations, and funding sources.	4
Specifically, the study assessed properties of author's academic performance, degree of collaboration and topological properties of their research collaboration networks.	3
As Table 2 shows, it lacks participants from the Global South, as the surveyed academics were mainly from Europe, Asia and North America.	4
To have publications only with high quality in the dataset, we selected key publications of Nobel laureates.	2
This article presents the foundations, current structure and trend of academic research into leadership factors in female entrepreneurship to provide scholars in the field with an overview of the followed research directions and to explore whether the same traditional patterns are reproduced in gender studies on entrepreneurship and leadership.	1
In Dimensions standardized and reproducible subject categorization is achieved algorithmically using a machine-learning approach.	3
The proposed system relies on the hypothesis that two scientific articles are semantically related if they are co-cited more frequently than they would be by pure chance.	1
Transplantation (18%), Pediatric Nephrology (16%), and American Journal of Transplantation (11%) had the highest publication volume, which did not correlate with citation count.	4
The Canadian Geographer is the most frequently used journal, but over time flagship geography journals have been replaced by interdisciplinary and thematic journals.	4
The scientific subject categories of Web of Science in 2010 were used to test the proposed approach for benchmarking Cell Biology and Computer Science Information Systems with the rest as two case studies.	1
The Gini index confirms this: citations and tweets have a high Gini index (0.683 and 0.700, respectively) whilst the distribution of presence in Mendeley users' libraries shows a more moderate Gini index of 0.559, due to the greater coverage of the product in our corpus of Communication studies articles.	4
Distribution of individual Web objects to all Web objects in percent: First harvest.	0
Encouragingly, the analysis of the interviews did not support the argument that the system, and its flaws, are holding back highly original work even though some personal biases are acknowledged.	5
This study examines these issues in the context of three distinct subject domains separately since there could be significant variations of the selection criteria of A&I databases across the authors in distinct subject domains (Wijewickrema and Petras 2017).	1
The development and evaluation of HTA research networks in Sub-Saharan Africa should be supported, with South Africa central to any such efforts.	5
The data were obtained through the website of the Ministry of Science and Innovation of the Government of Spain3.	2
In considering the evaluation results of websites being studied, universities concerned should exert more efforts in improving the status of their websites in terms of content and design.	5
This does not alter the authors' adherence to all the PLoS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
Note that gender is not used as a predictor in the main analyses.	0
In this paper, we present a new link-based ranking framework aimed at helping researchers in locating work that contains useful information for them to make progress in their own studies.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
As B?rner and Boyack (2010) pointed out, the purpose of mapping is 'simply to visually display the results of analysis to enhance communication of those results' and visualization itself is not analysis.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 56(9):893–902, 2005	0
Using a stratified sample of 2,968 full-time Canadian university professors (49% men, 49% women; 30 to 89 years of age, M = 56, SD = 10.17) from the Academic Profession in the Knowledge Society survey, we analyzed the effect of 15 gender-related predictors on research production and measured the variance of research production explained by the combination of these predictors.	2
We used two working datasets, for field and source level analysis our dataset consisted of 1,104,275 publications indexed in 10,188 unique source titles (journals) from July 2011 to December 2015, with at least one citation and at least one social mention.	2
Using descriptive statistics, the shares for the three categories illustrate reliable trends across time and fields that are compared against each other.	3
The data consist of 475 doctoral students who completed their studies at a Swedish university between 2003 and 2009 at the faculty of science and technology and the faculty of medicine.	2
We sent the hyper-link of an online survey with 30 Likert-scaled questions and additional open-comment boxes, to the listserv of the French-speaking association of political scientists in Belgium and to all members of a UK-based Department of Politics located in a Russel Group institution.	2
For better visualization, we apply a logarithmic scale in the vertical axes.	0
In social sciences and humanities, a two-tier journal classification is currently used in Italy in the context of the National Habilitation programme; peer review is also available for a large number of articles published in the same journals, in the framework of the last national evaluation exercise (VQR 2011–2014).	1
Reclassification is based on the full Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection database containing items published from 1900 through the end of 2017.	2
All scientific papers published in English and included in the Science Citation Index Expanded between 1980 and 2013 were analyzed using the “Web of Science".	2
To investigate these constraints, we conducted a literature survey examining the word limits of 230 journals in the fields of ecology and evolutionary biology.	2
Publication output analysis, citation analysis, journal analysis, geographical distribution analysis, and co-occurrence keywords network analysis are utilised in this study to identify the trending research and future direction of this specific field of study using VOSviewer software and Harzing's Publish and Perish software.	3
The size of the text represents the meme occurrence normalized to a [0, 1] range, whereas the color shows to which topic the meme belongs.	0
All the documents published by these journals were retrieved without any restrictions on the document types, and always using the International Standard Serial Number (ISSN) for the identification of the journals of each quartile.	2
The main objective of this paper is to empirically test whether the identification of highly-cited documents through Google Scholar is feasible and reliable.	1
The research themes detected are visualised based on their centrality and density rank values, using two specialised tools: the strategic diagram and thematic network (Callon, Courtial, and Laville 1991; He 1999).	3
Hence, there is a need to give Arab scholars proper training and provide them with skills that would enable them to write high-quality research papers and to select appropriate journals.	5
Research papers (articles and reviews) from the 10 selected countries were identified from the Web of Science (WoS) in the selected NCDs by means of three separate algorithms (filters), developed by GL in collaboration with experts in these NCD fields (See Appendix 1).	2
Supplemental information for this article can be found online at http://dx.doi.org/10.7717/ peerj.2264#supplemental-information.	0
It complements studies on scientific and intellectual movements (Frickel and Gross 2005) by describing how a scientific speciality can spread from a core group of individuals including high profile researchers (Parker and Corte 2017) to a larger community of researchers.	5
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 58(13):1948-1959, 2007	0
Sharing the credit among coauthors by percentages or by simply dividing by n (“1/n rule”) is fairer but somewhat harsh.	1
It is confirmed by many recent and old reports (Manchikanti et al.	5
In the present study, the most important words were identified by the Term Frequency- -Inverse Document Frequency (TF-IDF) method, which indicated the importance of the word in a document or a set of documents.	3
The most fundamental and well-known indicators among the various indicators used to find an important node in the nodes constituting a network are Degree Centrality, Closeness Centrality, and Betweenness Centrality.	3
We also show that highly cited articles across the ecological literature have longer reference lists, cite more recent and impactful references, and include more self-citations.	4
Although some debate about the use of rankings exists, we believe such analysis is able to provide some inspiring information for higher education institutions worldwide seeking improvement in disciplinary competitiveness as well as for further research in this area.	5
A total of 357 journals were identified in the 563 retractions, and the journals with more than five retractions were presented in Table 4.	0
Many of these errors, however, come from the primary documents them- selves rather than being the result of faulty ISI indexing).	0
The number of articles was constantly increasing, and most highly cited articles addressed clinical and epidemiologic topics in this field.	4
The results suggest that although the U.S. still leads in pharmaceutical innovation with more patents, China has become more visible and influential with a rapid increase in pharmaceutical patents, especially in TCM development.	5
Hence, Risklick Al could become a useful alternative assistant to scientists fighting the COVID-19 pandemic.	5
The bibliometric indicators used in this study includes: Price's productivity index, Price's law, duplication time and annual growth rate, Lokta's productivity level (PL), Price's transient index, Bradford zones, impact factor and co-authorship index.	3
There were 1,226 phrases in the Titles of the shared references that could contain potential new concepts from shared references that could not be found from matching phrases in Titles or Abstracts of the PD/CD literatures, or shared references associated with these matching phrase documents.	4
This article has highlighted the challenges facing local journals in Malaysia as they compete with ISI-indexed journals.	5
Submitted December 6, 2011; tentatively accepted, pending modest revision December 15, 2011; revisions submitted December 22, 2011, and accepted for publication.	0
Some strategies to make the publications available to a larger audience have been presented at the end of this paper.	1
The purpose of this study was to determine the h-indices of the editorial board members for top sports medicine journals.	1
However, Physical Sciences books showed the opposite traits.	4
However, several small studies [2,12] have shown that there is significant inconsistency about how such data is collected and reported, due to the lack of any standardization in this area.	4
The data was screened and processed, and the final dataset consists of 96,169 papers for the training and test sets.	2
In sum, this article provides a system-level account of innovation and how it differentially affects the scientific careers of demographic groups.	5
JIF) to eliminate discipline influence for further analysis.	3
The comparison of Heidelberg University with Harvard University shows that Heidelberg University's odds for PPtop-10% (1:5.62) are only about half as high (OR = 0.56) as Harvard University's odds (1:3.17).	4
While most of the included dermatologists had evidence of active engagement with academic research, in the form of peer-reviewed scholarly output, we identified an overall trend towards fewer publications, citations and a decrease in FWCI for articles published in 2017–2022.	5
PageRank scores of the 44 LIS schools are calculated and the results are compared with their US News rankings.	3
First, we reanalyzed here the dataset used by Mutz and Daniel (2018) which is publicly available (https://doi.org/https://doi.org/10.3929/ETHZ-B-000271425).	2
There are clearly intrinsic differences in turnaround time among journals that publish in fisheries science (Fig 3).	5
This proves that on average the HCP value of a researcher calculated using (1)–(3) is exactly equal to the number of high-impact publications the researcher has produced.	4
The American Astronomical Society has as members virtually all American astronomers and it started a policy more than a decade ago to publish notices of deaths and obituaries of all members.	2
A significant portion of scientific misconduct cases would be resolved, in most cases much before the publishing stage.	4
29, 0260 Oslo, Norway, and the Institute for Cancer Research, The Norwegian Radium Hospital, Montebello, 0310 Oslo, Norway.	0
Does the altmetrics Twitter network satisfy the small-world property?	1
Nobel Prize-winning discoveries were identified from the Nobel Prize web site (http://nobelprize.org, accessed in August 2013).	2
The aim of this study was to assess and analyze the publication patterns of the pediatric burns literature over the last six decades.	1
The juxtapositions are discussed against the backdrop of, among others, poststructuralist concepts such as "power" and "anti-essentialism".	3
The dashed line indicates the average effect for all 30 journals (15%).	0
For articles with more than five co-authors, we noted an increase in average citations received when authors with more than one institutional affiliation contributed to the research.	4
The evidence for Germany and the Netherlands suggests that citing papers that draw on the international literature are more likely to attract citations.	5
The majority of the articles (75.6%) were mentioned only once in the citing articles.	4
The second column reports the minimum cosine similarity score from the time series.	0
What emerged from this first editorial team was an iterated editorial process, which often goes further than many journals through the use of a continuous review and editing pipeline that often begins with detailed correspondence between the editorial team and potential authors.	3
This was a cross-sectional study of health care stakeholders with a social media presence randomly sampled from the Symplur database in May 2020.	2
package, in particular, facilitated straightforward maximum likelihood fitting and goodness-of-fit testing for a range of distributions, including the power law, log-normal, and exponential distributions.	3
Since our results are both theoretical and experimental in nature, we will present them in two parts: the first one devoted to the mathematical construction and the second one for showing the data collected about our test example.	0
PLS, however, does converge, albeit with suspicious fit indices like negative AVE.	4
The goal is to better understand the sustainability of open access funds, as well as identify potential best practices for institutions with open access funds.	1
The main characteristics that emerged from the analysis of the project' abstracts provided by all respondents were grouped according to six clusters: (1) Environmental resources and ecosystem services; (2) Landscape, open spaces and green systems design; (3) Rural buildings and rural heritage analysis/reuse/enhancement, rural buildings landscape integration, rural buildings design; (4) Rural landscape planning assessment and management; (5) Rural landscape survey/analysis/ characterization/monitoring; and (6) Precision farming.	3
From this perspective, balancing atypical knowledge with conventional knowledge may be critical to the link between innovativeness and impact.	1
However, the variation in citation count of the target conference paper accounted for by the first author-related variables (3.6%) was trivial (R2 = 0.04, adjusted R2 = 0.04).	4
Our thematic analysis was based on the research thematic framework developed by Tight (2004), who identified eight themes: Teaching and learning; Course design; Student experience; Quality; System policy; Institutional management; Academic work; and Knowledge.	3
In this section we establish a Benchmark scenario in which the journal has to make a decision about its standard level of scientific quality.	3
Results show that papers from Twitter users are 33 % more tweeted than documents of non-Twitter users.	4
The Lexical Complexity Analyzer (LCA; Lu, 2012) was employed to measure the lexical complexity of each abstract.	3
Therefore, to reduce the misleading or false effect of predatory journals on the literature, a more skeptical behavior should be displayed about citing the papers published in these journals.	5
Calculate the average (arithmetic mean) ln(1 + c) of the ln(1 + c) values for all the world's articles, performing a separate calculation for each field and year.	3
Her most recent work is published in Review of Public Personnel Administration, Research Policy, Public Administration, The Social Science Journal among others.	0
The Readers indicator was in a single factor, which suggested the differences between Readers and other altmetric indicators.	4
This study conducted at the University of Hong Kong indicated that academic researchers have a gradual tendency to shift toward publishing their work in OA journals, and interestingly, the shifts are to some extent discipline specific.	5
This study examines the correlational relationships between local journal authorship, local and external citation counts, full-text downloads, link-resolver clicks, and four global journal impact factor indices within an all-disciplines journal collection of 12,200 titles and six subject subsets at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) Library.	1
The raw keywords have been cleaned up and standardized to consolidate and increase the consistency of the keywords.	2
Finally, and probably most importantly, the resulting rankings in the United Kingdom are used to distribute funding among the competing universities proportional to the scores received.	4
Finally, 68,595 (79.4%) posts produced by 26,456 users were selected for the study.	2
Chinese Academy of Sciences was the most productive institution and its main research focuses were classification, machine learning, feature selection and remote sensing.	5
Using 167,315 USPTO patents granted in 2009 and the papers they cited, this methodology shows “scientific footprints of technology” that cross national boundaries, and how multinational enterprises interact globally with universities and other firms.	2
1899 dermatology faculty members were included in the analysis.	2
We would like to thank Keisuke Kondo, Research Institute of Economy, Trade and Industry (RIETI), for his generous support in using his Stata command.	0
This paper adopted bibliometric methods to analyze ESI-HCPs in OR/MS from 2008 to 2017.	5
Crossley, Department of Otolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery, MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, 3800 Reservoir Rd NW, Washington, DC 20007, USA.	0
Our sample includes 120 teams out of a total of 175 in these four universities, and 1500 academics out of a total of 1680 in the same universities in the field of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (see Table 2).	2
The database contains millions of publications from which the names of authors (collaborators) and their affiliations (research institutions) have been extracted for each paper.	2
None of these 11 predatory marketing journals is indexed in Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science or Elsevier's Scopus.	2
Interestingly, the readership in Mendeley is more correlated to journal citations for the papers published in earlier years (2003-2012) than for the more recent papers (2013-2014).	4
This article advances the application of SNA tools to systematic literature reviews in three ways.	5
What are the trends of data mining related research in the LIS research domain?	1
Group authorships in Cochrane have not previously been examined.	1
The Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of the research output of the region as well as individual countries is also computed.	3
*Biology Department, Swarthmore College, Swarthmore, PA 19081, USA; ?Department of Biology, Memorial University of Newfoundland and Labrador, St.	0
The dynamic time warping algorithm and the K-medoids were used to identify two overall scientific creativity patterns: "flat" and "peak."	3
For this reason, the main purpose of this paper is to provide a country ranking according to citation structures in WoS during a period of 25 years (1995-2019) in all computer science subfields:	1
Thailand (57 articles), Malaysia (40) and Singapore (29) contributed to the majority of publications in this region.	4
Our study shows strong discrepancies in this respect, as indicated by the different disparity ratios between the world shares of forest and the bibliometric indicators.	5
The work cannot be changed in any way or used commercially without permission from the journal.	0
A total of 4,940 journal articles (MEDLINE by PubMed: 1,334; Scopus: 2,453; Embase: 1,118; ClinicalTrials.gov: 35) were identified using the search strategy.	4
Finally, the fourth section contains bibliometric mapping analysis of the COVID-19 knowledge domain in the field of psychology.	3
The United States, with the highest production of articles in the field of e-learning, tends to produce articles with two authors.	4
After computing these correlations, a cluster analysis (k-means) was carried out with the goal of identifying the various patterns of online academic behavior according to the performance of authors in the various academic profiles (inter-author variability).	3
This research was supported in part by grants to Hagstrom from the National Science Foundation.	0
The goal of this study is to identify characteristics of those scholars who have chosen to create a personal Google Scholar profile.	1
Our study suggests that both the practice solo authoring articles and engaging in collaborative works are gendered.	5
The solid lines in the above plots correspond to coefficient estimates of conditional fixed effects quasi-maximum likelihood Poisson specifications in which the weighted publication output of a collaborator is regressed onto year effects, seventeen indicator variables corresponding to different age brackets, and interactions of the treatment effect with 27 indicator variables corresponding to eleven years before the year of death and prior, ten years before the year of death, nine years before the year of death, ..., fourteen years after the year of death, and fifteen years after the year of death and above (the indicator variable for treatment status interacted with the year of death is omitted).	0
We studied 1214 outputs from the first 6 years of the Center.	2
In particular, while the JIF of INR and NHS has been continuously increasing; JKAN's JIF has remained static for almost 10 years.	4
The present study assessed the characteristics of the 100 most frequently cited articles (T100) in the field of AD, which allowed us to uncover historical patterns and trends in the research about AD, which has undergone considerable change worldwide over the years.	5
The assessment of departments based on the g-index shows, within each of the three types of departments that make up the population of the study, a strong polarisation between top performers (very few) and weak performers (much more numerous).	4
Since 2000, the number of retracted publications in spine literature has gradually increased, peaking at 19 retracted publications in 2017 (Figure 6).	4
In this survey study, biomedical federal funding had offered support to approximately two-thirds of the top-cited biomedical scientists at some point during the last quarter century, but only a small minority of top-cited scientists had current federal biomedical funding.	5
The core partition for this network has modularity Q = 9.5 × 10ˉ1, and the core nodes have insularity S = .032; that is, only about 3% of their edges are shown in the right panel of Fig 5.	4
Our findings indicate that in terms of SOuRCe scale score means and the relative rankings of these scales, and the internal reliability measures for the scales, research climates in VA appear quite similar in the aggregate to those we have previously documented in more traditional academic research settings.	5
Journals that published OA articles did not differ from subscription based journals on the basis of 2012 impact factor, citation number, self citation proportion or the volume of level I evidence published (p>0.05).	4
We seek to fill this gap in the literature by conducting randomized experiments to determine how status affects evaluators' assessments of the value of uncertain new technology in the context of university technology licensing.	1
Researchers should carefully check journals' reported information, including location, editorial board, indexing, and rules for ethics when submitting their manuscripts to open-access journals.	5
Percentage of peer reviewed scientific articles available free online, publishing year a	0
Implications of our findings include: (1) funding agencies need to consider the definition of cross-boundary work (disciplinary, institutional and role) when creating Requests For Proposals and what data will be considered valid for their definition of cross-boundary work if funding is to result in more authentic collaborations and (2) universities need to support cross-boundary work through allocating resources and emphasising cross-boundary research in tenure and review processes.	5
The aim of this study was to bibliometrically assess JIPH since it began being indexed by SCOPUS in 2008, time at which the journal only published 16 documents.	1
Ellison: Department of Economics, MIT, 50 Memorial Drive, E52-380A, Cambridge, MA 02142-1347.	0
Dummy programs and some of the data are available in Hadavand, Hamermesh, and Wilson (2024).	0
We recommend the establishment of data registry units that can aid researchers in producing high-quality studies, while encouraging the collaboration of different centers in various SA regions (and abroad) to conduct research with generalizable results.	5
As such, the resolution of name ambiguity in bibliometrics is not any longer a matter of choice, but a necessary step to obtain a correct understanding of scientific collaboration, especially for large-scale coauthorship network studies.	5
The outcomes notably reveal that the development of semiconductors and AI contributes to enhancing renewable energy production across the panel.	5
Thirty-five of the 40 trialists (88%) ranking in the top 10 of any of the measures were from the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada.	4
This longitudinal study addresses this gap in the literature by examining the effects of coauthorship, database indexing, and article length on subsequent citation counts, a widely used measure of scholarly impact.	1
OR Forum-Tenure Analytics: Models for Predicting Research Impact	1
The top six target categories are all included in the top 10 citing categories, indicating that most of the harvested papers are from these categories.	4
Similar to the findings based on SCI journals, journals with a high proportion of non-English publications also suffer from low impact factor.	4
The semi-structured interviews consisted of 20 questions centered around ethical issues in STEM labs, the working situation in the lab, communication and communication challenges, lab culture, and suggestions for improvement.	3
International collaborative publications consistently drew more citations than those from a single country.	4
A measure of author publishing choices was used to define four ecological characteristics: coverage, coreness, exclusivity, and journal overlap.	3
This is followed by the result section consisting of analysis of the citation delay and citedness and comparisons of the two publication point systems in between and with citation analyses of the same documents published by DIIS.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE-April 1, 1999 367	0
However, caution is recommended in the interpretation of our results, as we only consider those dimensions which involve research output.	0
Significant positive correlation was observed between number of unsolicited email invitations with number of PubMed indexed publications, number as corresponding author, number in open access journals and number of abstract presentations.	4
Confirming prior findings, this study highlights the escalating authorship in biomedical publications.	5
We use the 2006 Spanish Survey on Human Resources in Science and Technology (Encuesta sobre Recursos Humanos en Ciencia y Tecnología, ERRHHCT2006 hereafter) and measure productivity by the number of published (or accepted for publication) books and articles.	2
The sample consisted of 398 universities, including 95 universities from 11 Asian countries, 2 universities from South Africa, 121 universities from USA and Canada, 154 universities from 20 European countries, 22 universities from Australia and New Zealand, and 4 universities from 2 South American countries.	2
We mainly used spatial statistics, complex network analysis, and a modified location quotient.	3
Another main point of departure from other rankings is that our focus is solely on the faculty that are currently employed by the school we do not count the "past glory" of publications from retired faculty or faculty that have moved to a different institution.	1
The analysis of the thematic evolution concludes to three main clusters: "Manufacturing and Supply chain Performance", "Six Sigma and Lean Management", and "Reshoring, Backshoring and Offshoring".	4
Thus, we find that in this case, when the failure rate of the manuscript's quality distribution is monotonically increasing in ξ, there is no equilibrium compensation scheme like that in Eq.	4
This study aims to use bibliometric analysis techniques to define the current status of publications on COVID-19 in nursing, identify gaps in the literature and offer suggestions about those gaps and present a holistic picture of the topic of COVID-19.	1
Department of Endocrinology, Guang’anmen Hospital, China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences, No.5 BeiXianGe Street, XiCheng District, Beijing 100053, China	0
In total, 28 EM journals had a positive IF trend since their initial enrollment into the JCR database, and the trend was significant for 18 journals.	4
The open-access movement, although noble in its intent, has been an unwitting host to these parasitic publishers.	0
In the final version of the ontology, there are 6790 unique keywords.	4
This is in line with the suggestion that library and information professionals should seize the opportunity to have an influence on government policy making in providing bibliometric expertise regarding research evaluation (Oppenheim, 2008).	5
Data availability The Preprint Citations in PLOS dataset is available on Zenodo (Atanassova & Bertin, 2022).	0
This study is guided by Manca's (2017) framework for analyzing ASNs, and is particularly focused on the micro-level, which concerns “individual use of social platforms and ways single users exploit these sites for specific purposes” (23).	3
The pre-eminence of academic publication has thus led to negative discrimination against all other forms of knowledge promotion and dissemination.	5
The research sample was formed from the list of all available scientific journals in the field of social sciences listed at the national portal of scientific journals called 'Hamster' at http://hrcak.srce.hr.	2
2009) as well as the highest-cited paper ‘The new mobilities paradigm’ in 2006.	4
All the metrics data are collected from Web of Science, including cited times and usage counts.	2
This study assessed the influence of academic articles in five Asian countries-South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, Singapore, and China—using altmetrics, an emerging method of complementing traditional ways of evaluating academic performance on the social media.	1
Using an economic model of academic behaviour, Jorgensenn and Hanssen (Higher Education, 76, 1029–1049, 2018) find that a research incentive based on pages of output would not compromise research quality.	1
The pandemic clearly negatively disrupted many of the research activities of early career researchers.	5
The author would like to thank two anonymous reviewers and the editor who provided helpful comments on drafts of this manuscript.	0
We found that art faculties located in universities put more emphasis on journal article publishing than faculties in academies of art.	4
We follow the community detection algorithm developed by Blondel et al.	3
Correlations between vendor data and citations, and link-resolver data and citations were slightly lower (0.726 and 0.752, respectively), but there were no cases of highly cited journals that were not also highly used.	4
The journals selected for the study conformed to the following criteria: Inclusion in the Journal Citation Report (JCR) in 2013, 2014 and 2015 in a psychology category: Psychology, Multidisciplinary Psychology, Developmental Psychology, Educational Psychology, Social Psychology, Applied Psychology, Clinical Psychology, Mathematical Psychology, Experimental Psychology, Biological Psychology, and Psychology Psychoanalysis.	2
The Boolean expression used to retrieval algorithm from the Web of Science Core Collections (henceforth abbreviated as WoS) was “(((WC=(discipline*)) AND PY=(period*)) AND DT = (Article)) AND LA=(English)”.	2
Thus, citations measure intermediate and long-term academic influence, while alternative metrics measure immediate academic and non-academic influence.	5
Therefore, this paper will propose an instant prediction model which aims to identify whether a paper's citation can become high-level or not once it is accepted by a journal.	1
The annual SED reports on the number and characteristics of all US research doctorate graduates (NSF 2010a, b).	2
The box plot in Figure 1 provides clear evidence that journals in upper CiteScore quartiles have higher median citation sentiment scores.	4
The indicators MHRR and MHq (or MHCR) compute the row and column risk ratio directly without the need for an approximation and are not prone to misinterpretation by confusing odds and probabilities.	5
Through international collaboration resources available to researchers in high-income countries can be efficiently used to enroll more participants in low- and middle-income countries.	5
This paper reviews the first forty years of the Journal of Econometrics.	1
1 PhD Library Science Program, Complutense University of Madrid, Madrid, Spain	0
Likewise, models 5.3 to 5.4 indicate that multidisciplinary dissemination, regardless of the stage, does not significantly increase the chances of research being cited in patents.	4
If, as this study suggests, weighted citation metrics correspond more closely than unweighted metrics to the journal ratings assigned by subject experts, we can conclude that weighted metrics demonstrate the convergent validity of both weighted metrics and stated preference metrics;	5
This study shows WoS, Scopus and GS could be particularly helpful for academics seeking, for example, promotion, tenure, faculty positions and research grants.	5
For example, for papers published between January and December 1970, all citations appearing in 1975 are counted in year five, even though the actual interval range is between 4 and 6 years.	0
The article with the highest view and download counts had 1,244,826 views and 38,978 downloads.	4
Third are claims relating to researchers' and users' relationships in testing and validating their findings as opposed to relying on consensus within academic disciplines (externally valid).	4
This led to unexpected insights that could not be found with predefined survey choices.	0
A framework for determination of the type of profile and the aspects associated with that profile is developed using and g indices.	1
First, the integration of social tagging with information retrieval and the human computer interface is an important research direction in this field.	5
Accordingly, this article sets out to address four specific questions about research integrity among PhD students at three major medical faculties in the Scandinavian countries:	1
The results show that coverage of funding information differs significantly among Scopus, Web of Science, and PubMed databases in a sample of the same medical journals.	5
Data was extracted into Microsoft Excel within four days (November 7 11, 2015) for computation.	2
The study is organized as follows: the next section presents a literature review on the topic; the third section describes the data and methodology, as well as a description of the variables and the model; section four shows the results; and, lastly, the fifth section presents the discussion and conclusions.	0
Therefore, this study examined the determinants of manuscript submissions to journals published by Hindawi and Elsevier.	1
Before delving into the specific findings, we address the potential multicollinearity problem in Sect.	0
The consideration of multiple databases is usually recommended when tracking scientific activity (Porter & Cunningham, 2005); however, some difficulties were encountered regarding the indexing information downloaded from each source given that categorization systems or other automatic indexing services differ slightly from one another, making it impossible to merge the contents of those fields.	2
Our study contributes to a deeper understanding of the value of interdisciplinary research collaboration.	5
Topics with the most significant concentrating trend are t49: war-public-preservation-digital-web, t43: citation-science-impact-scientific-index, t45: study-reference-web-analysis-health, t37: serials-online-university-digital-journal, and t38: online-internet-web-mediated-community, indicating that research on these topics is increasingly becoming specialized.	4
Technical details of the methodology can be found in Lütkepohl (1999) and Baltagi (2001).	0
The Colorado Multiple Institutional Review Board exempted this study from review.	0
Since 1995, the number of publications in the field of industrial informatics has increased rapidly.	5
News and World Report 2012 and 2013 rankings, we compared psychology faculty (N = 969) from their 25 top ranked programs with a controlled sample of social work faculty (N = 970) in their respectively ranked programs.	2
There is a positive correlation between AIS values and all other results including IF values, but the level of dependence is quite low in this case—from 0.35 to 0.6.	4
The inclusion criterion was the existence of the regulation for adjunct professorship at an accredited German medical faculty as of 16 July 2021.	2
Articles addressing aSAH published between 2017 and 2021 were included and had their information extracted from Scopus.	2
Results show that Sweden ranked top in six publication indicators and that the top three productive institutes were located in Sweden.	4
The average number of publications published in German Diamond OA journals in 2021 is 42.11 (with SCOAP3 journals) or 28.43, respectively (without SCOAP3), as Table 1 shows.	4
In our sources, we collected Mendeley readership, Twitter counts, Facebook posts and other statistics of the 10,460 sample articles from altmetric.com via the API by the identifier of DOI till 10 June 2017.	2
This is a preferential attachment process which favors authors by the number of papers they have previously published.	0
In order to give insight into the smaller impact of China in the field, this study has compared the collaborative relationship of China in detail both from the aspects of countries and institutes.	1
1 Profile plot of the estimated marginal means for the variable art-Q1-FL	0
The article published on January 3 in 2017 is well-written and of interest, but remains several questions that are required for clarifications, such as the production of ten clusters of 11,359 journals based on 2015 data using VOSviewer for classification and visualization.	1
Received: 15 July 2023 / Received in final form: 7 September 2023 / Accepted: 18 September 2023	0
5 Research fields in Beninese scientific production (Field with at least 2 % of publications)	0
There were 17,271 included publications, with 9,322 for HIV, 4,451 for malaria, and 3,498 for tuberculosis.	4
1 User engagement functionalities and metrics embedded in a tweet example	0
During the analyzed period, 1893 scientific publications referring to marine mammals in South America were registered in the SCOPUS database.	2
In the randomized citation networks, all citation links between all papers in the WOS were switched by means of a Monte Carlo algorithm.	3
On average, the bottom tier selected at least one less professional option on 34% of items.	0
This leads to the home page as shown in the sample in Figure 2.	0
The analysis presented in this paper shows that first submissions on a given day are more likely to be desk rejected.	5
The United States of America (USA) had the highest degree of collaboration with other countries (n = 1,162) and the highest centrality value (0.77).	4
In sum, scientists who produce highly impactful works tend to produce fewer publications.	5
Within this literature, an especially contested field of inquiry is whether adequate quantitative measures of research quality can be developed on the basis of citations counts.	1
In Study 2, we observed that Facebook likes (N = 270) and non-zero Facebook likes (n = 84) do not predict traditional impact indicators.	4
Also, while we admire Northcraft and Tenbrunsel's (2012) work and their intentions with regard to the current discussion, we regret that their response to Aguinis and colleagues (2010) was rhetorical and not empirical.	0
we also find that only around half of comments engage in an academic discussion of the article and that these discussions are most likely to focus on the paper's technical soundness.	4
Switzerland leads with 12 journal titles, 11 of which are from MDPI, making it the largest publisher.	4
In particular, the number of universities experiencing an increase is larger than the number of universities experiencing a decrease in the ranking.	4
[1] This categorical variable was codified as follows: AMJ (1), AMR (2), ASQ (3), HR (4), JM (5), JMS (6), MS (7), OS (8), OST (9) and SMJ (10).	0
The Mean Normalised Log Citation Score (MNLCS) was used for this (Thelwall 2017a).	3
The data were sourced from the European Academic Profession: Responses to Societal Challenges (EUROAC) study, which is a sister project of the global Changing Academic Profession (CAP) study (see Carvalho 2017 for a recent overview of the CAP/EUROAC family).	2
Study 1 asked how well NSF-funded studies satisfy NSF's two merit review criteria: IM, the potential to advance knowledge, and BI, the potential to benefit society.	3
In summary, we report a universal and previously undocumented pattern that systematically differentiates the contributions of small and large teams in the creation of scientific papers, technology patents and software products.	5
4 Cited articles with only one citation were excluded from the analysis to simplify data processing.	0
Downloaded from www.ajronline.org by University of Western States on 06/11/19 from IP address 132.174.254.247.	0
This necessitates a methodology that considers and overcomes na?ve quantitative comparisons.	0
The global maps were not interpretable when using the Jaccard index (Fig.	5
The dynamics of publication and citations offer evidence of the maturation of gifted education research.	5
In this study, we investigate this problem by using 1,294,644 AI related collaborative papers harvested from the Microsoft Academic Graph dataset.	1
Received: 6 July 2024 / Accepted: 10 November 2024 / Published online: 21 November 2024	0
This corresponds to a spreading rate of 0.6%.	4
T. Chiware is the director of libraries at Cape Peninsula University of Technology.	0
An important topic in the scientific publication process is how well reviewers evaluate the quality of papers and how their recommendations influence editors' decisions to accept or reject papers.	1
This paper provides a systematic bibliometric study of the tendencies and patterns related to the alphabetic approaches taken to position the author names in scholarly publications.	5
Our focus is on this last argument: do academics respond to receiving tenure by attempting more ground-breaking “home run” research and in this way “swinging for the fences”?	1
Our research shows that an article's thematic substance, as reflected in topic attributes, is perhaps the most important determinant of knowledge consumption and, therefore, a prime catalyst for future knowledge production.	5
From 2003 to 2012, China, Japan and Korea published 5713, 3802 and 1967 papers respectively, with accumulated impact factor of 14 934.55, 8758.36 and 6189.25, the average impact factor of 2.61, 2.30 and 3.15 and the average citation numbers per document of 5.08, 6.49 and 5.25.	4
Although epidemiology was the most frequent subject (84%), health services research presented eight times higher citation density.	4
Pajek was used to create the coauthorship networks (http://pajek.imfm.si/doku.php; de Nooy, Mrvar, & Batagelj, 2011), applying the spring embedder of Kamada and Kawai (1989).	3
From Figure 2a, the annual number of publications per year shows an increasing trend.	4
There has been a gradually increasing trend over the last 10 years in the number of pain-related publications from Africa.	5
The paper considers theoretical definitions of such terms compared to their real sense in the course of bibliometric research.	1
Here, a = 0.01, b = m = 1, and T = 3000	0
Following previous studies in terms of thresholds to clean the dataset, the authors set a 5-year citation window after the focal paper was published, with at least five references and five times cited (Liang, Lou & Hou, 2022; Osorio & Bornmann, 2021; Ruan, Lyu, Gong, Cheng & Li, 2021).	2
We choose Scopus database because it covers all the years' data of the FODM journal from 2002, whereas the Web of Science only includes the FODM publications from 2007.	2
After each publication was screened, we obtained a final data set of 2,339 articles.	2
Our findings suggest that most researchers struggled to perform these tasks in large projects.	5
This work has conducted an analysis of Spanish Communication journals in terms of their level of internationalization and the collaborative models used by their authors, by assessing 1,182 articles published between 2007 and 2011 in the seven top-rated Communication journals according to a set of six quality indicators.	1
The goal of this study was to examine the relationships between a number of local journal title publication, citation, link resolver clickthroughs, and usage measures within a large research university setting and calculate the correlations of these local metrics with four global impact factor indices.	1
Finally, using an approach typic of kinship networks studies [19, 20], we focus on the statistical properties of the tree structure of the genealogy in terms of family structures.	3
The underlying question is valid – how to measure the scientific value, or added value, of a paper, an author, or an institution?	1
However, relatively, the Engineering Sciences, Chemical Sciences, Physical Sciences and Medical Sciences respond much better to citation validation, but it is never better than a 63% error rate (for Engineering Sciences).	4
This study utilizes the 'citation sentiment corpus' taken from ACL Anthology Network [12].	2
Were observed 3402 publications from 2003 to 2013 (Fig.	4
The authors determined the extent of agreement between the two lists of references by calculating the specificity and sensitivity along with their 95% exact binomial confidence intervals.	3
In this article, we relate the notion of talent to 'symbolic capital' (Bourdieu 1986).	3
A coastal flood research network map of the 20 most productive countries (institutional) was generated based on the author affiliations through a process of co-occurrence analysis using Bibexcel and Pajek software (Xu and Boeing, 2013).	3
On one hand, we found that DPH has some well-established topics; on the other hand, it has changed to adopt new themes11 such as ‘quality of life'.	5
Lastly, each similarity network was partitioned into communities by using the classic Louvain algorithm as implemented in Gephi (Blondel et al., 2008).	3
We conduct a retrospective evaluation of The North American Journal of Economics and Finance.	1
Using ideal types of feudalism, we conclude that from a more historical perspective, unequal segment-specific starting positions imply dissimilar degrees of autonomy.	5
Further, the title and abstract of each paper were read and nine irrelevant studies were excluded leaving a final sample of 779 studies, including article (533), conference paper (141), book chapter (53) and review (41), and book (11).	2
This study indicated that disciplines in Natural Sciences including Medical Science and Engineering exhibited a much higher level of overlap than those in Social Sciences and Humanities.	4
The compelling result of our paper is that Italian scholars of very heterogeneous disciplines are somewhat different, which forced us to measure their publications with different indicators.	5
The principle of citing-side normalization - also termed “source level” or “fractional citation" or "ex ante” or “a priori" normalization6 - is that “all citation sources defined at some granularity level are equal”.	3
We study this by utilizing a near-complete population of ~1.2 million US doctoral recipients from 1977 to 2015 and following their careers into publishing and faculty positions.	1
Several other topics and article types are identified using simple rule-based methods, including clinical trials and retractions.	3
The Wikipedia and IMDB data were then combined to give each title a score on an ordinal scale of fame for our tables.	3
The application of our approach is therefore not limited to patent assignees only.	0
In essence, platforms can be made into policy instruments that generate information on the data sharing process and the functionality of data access committees.	3
1 A journal warranting strong rigor in the acceptance of manuscripts for publication, mainly based on the originality and relevance of the tested hypotheses as judged by a strong and thorough peer-review system.	0
We performed Spearman's rank correlation test to analyze the correlation between OA percentage of publications in each year and the impact factor of the journal in the same year.	3
An analysis of 38 currently valid regulations showed large differences between the requirements.	4
Received 22 March 2024; Received in revised form 20 November 2024; Accepted 7 December 2024	0
The results of this simulation showed that a school ranked in the mid-30 s could move into the top 20, with the starting point levels shown in Table 4, but this would likely require a corresponding change in its undergraduate academic reputation score.	4
Further details about the global counter space program are provided as an annexure.	0
Full details of each node are accessible in Annex IV of the supplementary material 1.	0
Note: The number in parentheses indicates the total number of articles published while editor.	0
This paper used analyses by social network methods because the dependencies between the software forms a directed social network graph.	3
This study aimed to compare the ranking indicators used by Kemenristekdikti with the indicators used by international ratings by taking the example of two of rating systems that are Webometrics and 4icu.	1
Twenty-five hospitality and tourism journals were selected to test this approach.	2
In this study, we measured knowledge flow between disciplines from two perspectives: direct citations (DC) and discipline potential energy (DPE), which is proposed to combine both direct and indirect citations.	1
Based on the underlying logics of the arguments I have arranged the arguments in four groups.	3
These records represent about 4.25 million downloads from 7,724 journals published by seven publishers during the years 2010–2016.	2
Our aim was to identify opportunities for collaboration both within and across professional groups by using bibliometrics to compare scope-of-practice scholarship among and within disciplines.	1
What effect has inclusion had on impact factors?	1
Even though the analysis only focuses on the German research system for practical reasons, the methods and results are also of relevance for other countries.	1
An entire bibliometric study can be contained inside a single Taverna workflow that authenticates the user, if needed, takes the user queries, or questions of the study, generates the Web service requests, executes these, retrieves the data and proceeds with further (local) statistical analysis and visualization.	0
Empirical analysis results identify the US is the most central country, followed by Germany, Italy, France, and China, in terms of co-authored networks in this research field.	4
The study reveals that an exponential growth of literature which reflects the extensive worldwide study on materials science.	5
(8), the scientific impact of a paper depends on the number of papers citing it, the scientific impact of the citing papers, and the role it plays in the citing papers.	4
All in all, alternative metrics are still on the verge of validation and have yet to prove themselves to be of any use for the scientific community.	5
Van den Besselaar and Sandstr?m (2018) criticize the operationalization of top journal publications as a publication in a journal with a source-normalized impact per paper (SNIP) value equal to or above the 75th percentile (i.e., the third quartile) in the CWTS Journal Indicator list while controlling for publication year.	3
Data used in this paper are from the second survey of European university researchers' mobility (MORE2).	2
Referring to the characteristics of the allocation Project Data (it will be discussed later), we crawled data on 6,571 projects that were completed in 2021.	2
22%, P=0.000); and originated from the UK (18% vs.	4
Managed by its newly created National Center for Advancing Translational Science (NCATS), the arm charged with coordinating and advancing TrM nationally, the initiative emerged from a 2012 pilot project of the same name.	2
On the other hand, the highest SLC is SJTU, showing its expertise in seeking opportunities to collaborate with others.	4
This article focuses on a selection of challenges scientific journal editors in scientific journals in the field of social sciences in Croatia encounter during their work, with a special focus on the study of the peer review process.	1
Support from the Carlsberg Foundation to one of us (POL) is gratefully acknowledged.	0
We investigated recent trends in the use of the BCE/CE notation in scholarly articles, focusing on articles published between 2004 and 2013.	1
file 1) were manually harvested on 1 December 2023, and inputted into the AJPC System, one by one, with the output recorded via screenshots (Suppl.	3
The filtered dataset included more than 1.5 million papers, with 8.68% of them belonging to multiple fields, or “interdisciplinary” papers; the dataset is available at http://cnerg.org (see "Resources" tab).	2
The results show that bibliometric indicators should be considered simultaneously when evaluating scientific performance at institutional level.	5
The intended contribution of this report is to demonstrate how scholars can (i) leverage DCA as a potentially useful methodology for promoting transdisciplinarity and (ii) validate the results of a document co-citation network.	1
To put it briefly, the legitimization model makes the point that an applied field, such as sociology of sport, legitimizes itself by focusing its research resources on authors from established basic academic disciplines whose work is closely connected to sport, as these connections between basic academic disciplines and sport are viewed as already legitimate.	5
This study evaluates performance across five different supply chain sectors in Taiwan's EV industry, focusing on innovation capability, operation performance, and overall market efficiency, to analyze the performance variation in the sectors.	5
This leads us to conclude that, although ESCI journals are presented as a valuable source for analysing the coverage of publications, so far, they are not as relevant for measuring impact through indicators associated with citations.	5
The real significance of this study lies in how a university should spend its money.	5
1In this study, citations refer to the references to papers indexed in Web of Science (WoS), and references refer to the reference list at the end of a paper, irrespective of the presence or absence of the cited papers in WoS.	0
Besides limiting our search to reviews and journal publications, we only considered documents whose publication year occurred between 2007 and 2016 (a 10-year study).	2
Third, a nontrivial portion of scholars indicated that they preferred an integrated approach to handling research misconduct.	5
A multivariate conditional logistic regression model was fitted to identify the bibliometric and study-design variables associated with COVID-19 or non-COVID-19 papers.	3
He is Editor in Chief of the Journal of Digital Information.	0
The large majority of journals were in English, two in Italian, one in French, and one was a Polish journal.	0
Aims: To translate and validate the Publication Pressure Questionnaire-revised (PPQ-r) among the Chinese nurses.	1
A network data set is prepared that comprises 27 subjects and their citations aggregated from more than 27,000 journals and proceedings indexed in the Scopus database.	2
Using bibliometric techniques, we analyze the journal's impact, its prominent topics, and its most prolific authors, including their affiliated institutions and countries.	1
To answer the third research question (the formation of coauthorship networks based on geographic, linguistic, and economic factors), we employed block modeling that allowed us to define blocks based on nodes’ attributes and to determine the interconnectivity within and between blocks (Park & Thelwall, 2006).	3
The first issue of the journal sees many of the objectives for its establishment realized.	0
The following Table 5 compiles the data of German university libraries (data according to Deutsche Bibliotheksstatistik (German Library Statistics)).38	0
Author affiliations and support information (if applicable) appear at the end of this article.	0
RQ2: To determine which Communication studies journals obtain the best altmetrics indicators and, therefore, establish which have the most visibility and impact on the Internet.	1
Case reports were included, but their exclusion did not alter the result of our analysis.	0
The China-Africa collaboration is still growing and despite suspicions regarding the motives of China, Africa stands to gain in terms of access to new fields and boosting research quality, especially in the STEM disciplines.	5
Journal use is based on the top 32 journals for concentration of citations (CitRank), number of dissertations citing the journal (DissRank), and the average (CDRank).	3
One of the main mission of HRS evaluation is the benefiting from stewardship for promoting the other function of HRS specially knowledge production (15, 18).	5
To test the value of cross-disciplinarity at the epistemic level of explicit and tacit knowledge, we constructed a third data set by collecting the 3516 research articles published over the period 1996–2014 in Nature Biotechnology (NB), a prestigious genomics-oriented journal.	1
Of all citations, 72 per cent (n = 4141) were for monographic works.	4
So, the total number of retracted publications for the study period was 1,082, while the number or published papers for the same period was 4,384,945.	2
These results suggest that Teasdale and Jennett's seminal work proposing the Glasgow Coma Scale has reverberated similarly but somewhat more through the neurosurgical literature than it has through the neurological critical care literature.	4
Each indexed record is allocated to only one “publication year" on the left of the search results page which will inherit first from online publication date field even when the online publication date is later than the final publication date.	4
The observed gender gap is most likely the product of several factors working in conjunction.	5
Currently, 1% of the articles published in ISF have obtained more than one hundred citations and 4% more than fifty citations.	4
The keywords included “lodging, casinos, hotel, accommodation, hostel, lodge, Airbnb, motel, bed and breakfast, caravan parks, time-share, couch surfing, resort, guest house, condos, cruises, sharing economy, and recreational vehicles (RVs).”	2
We retrieved 82,981 articles, which corresponds to all papers published between 2006 and 2014.	2
Our contribution is to provide evidence on the evolution of research in the accounting and finance discipline over time.	5
Additional file on GitHub (see footnote 5) contains MATLAB source code that generates an audio/video interface file.	0
4 For more detailed information on the conduct and results of this study see APA (1966).	0
Although manuscripts accepted to NBER SIs are selected on expected high quality, we find that papers with discussants have a higher likelihood of getting published in highly-ranked journals.	4
To summarize, this study confirms the quality attributes of international collaboration and also highlights the importance of the domestic research community in shaping research impact.	5
The study comes to the conclusion that research performance is overall positively associated to engagement in public outreach activities.	5
The authors analyzed the impact of NREF funding on the subsequent career success of neurosurgeons in obtaining research funding and academic achievements.	1
Next, the literature on research excellence and productivity is reviewed and the research method is presented.	0
With 1658 graduates in 2005, 1832 graduates in 2006, 1990 graduates in 2007, and 2064 graduates in 2008 this study includes 7544 medical graduates.	2
Following Deichmann et al. (2020), we argue that the intrinsic quality of an idea is not the sole determinant of its academic dissemination.	1
Our pre-processing includes standard text-mining methodology: transformation to lowercase, removal of punctuation, language detection and removal of non- German titles, stemming, n-gram detection and removal of very frequent words, rare words, stopwords and short titles.	2
Health and life sciences scholars in this study were happy with the level of e-journal accessibility provided by the library.	4
We have presented a new RTFQE technique for retrieving relevant papers.	5
This study takes the national big data pilot zone policy as a starting point and uses panel data from 287 prefecture-level cities across China from 2010 to 2020.	1
14 (8–31), p < 0.001; CNCI: 0.53 (0.19–0.97) vs.	4
The NIH and the scientific community should explore potential solutions in its funding models.	5
First, three natural language processing (NLP) techniques are applied to gather the relevant types of words: part of the speech, lemmatization, and named entity recognition (NER).	3
Note however, that this classification of exemplars will not be included as part of the model to be proposed here.	0
The correlation between the two dichotomous variables of being a featured review and being highly cited is the phi coefficient φ, i.e., the mean square contingency coefficient.	3
The temporal evolution of the above patterns within our 30-year time frame is also investigated.	3
The authors would like to thank Debi Toombs for assisting with the organization of the abstract history.	0
Of the total 5,341,800 tweets, 75.7% are neutral, 14% positive and 10.3% negative.	4
During the period in which Richards worked, co-authorship was beginning to become more common than it had been previously.	4
Thus, the similarity network using paths with a length of two should be equivalent to BC and CC networks.	0
This study is based on the world publication data on date palm retrieved from the Scopus Citation database [http://www.scopus.com/search/] for the 12 years (2000–11).	2
Four other medical subspecialties (ie, immunology, endocrinology, gastroenterology, and pulmonology) were selected for comparison of publication patterns with neurology.	2
We pose the following question: How are funding evaluations constructed by scientists as events with important bearing on status bestowal in academia?	1
The present study looks at Brazilian scientific output and impact in collaboration with countries, universities and financing agencies, to aid in forming public policies on financing and internationalization of Brazilian science.	1
We use SNA as a valuable means to systematically assess the importance of collaboration; in other words, we aim to identify how the position of scientists in co-publication and co-invention networks affects the number and the 'quality' of publications and patents produced.	3
Participants were German university students recruited online in exchange for course credits and individuals recruited through postings in public German social media groups for voluntary research participation.	2
Financial support of the Belgian Federal Science Policy Office (Interuniversity Attraction Poles P5/26.A) and the KU Leuven (OT/04/07A) is gratefully acknowledged.	0
In importance-salient equilibria (Proposition 1), scholars’ attention is drawn to article importance and they under-appreciate accessibility.	4
The population was defined as all English-language articles and reviews published between 2013 and 2015 in either OA journals or subscription journals, and, in the case of the latter, for which no OA versions were available.	2
In a given discipline, to what extent are the most productive authors (in terms of numbers of publications) the same in both WoS and a Chinese database?	1
We found an overall error rate of 24.27%.	4
Transparency in the academic publication world will increase.	5
The entire data downloaded are analysed using by R language programs.	3
Second, that on average, articles published solely by academics are cited most frequently.	5
I collect all the works published between 1950 and 1989 along with all the works that are citing them.	2
This is based on information from the faculty members information of the "Technical Particular University of Loja (UTPL)," in cases, with balanced datasets and those with unbalanced datasets.	2
degree, followed by those with a master's degree, who accounted for 30.1% (55) (table 1).	4
Visually comparing means and medians leads to the obvious conclusion that these values are considerably higher for H-articles than for non-H-articles and this in any journal and any year.	4
This study focuses on retraction notices from two major Latin American/Caribbean indexing databases: SciELO and LILACS.	1
This study revealed some misconduct in scientific activities which has persuaded the authorities to enforce strict rules to deal with it.	5
Utilizing this meta-knowledge, the deep learning-based prediction model showed more accurate performance and correspondingly high potential.	5
The paper ends with a section of conclusions and future work.	0
Sex, individual scholarly productivity, and publication experience were evaluated.	3
We then search for citations in the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) from the Institute of Scientific Information's Web of Science database, recording all citations from 1998 to 2009.	2
Recognised countries in the scientific world such as the United States (25.78 %) and the United Kingdom (7.85 %) occupy the first positions, as well as emerging countries such as Brazil (6.6 %) and India (2.8 %) which are taking important places.	4
The optimal allocation scheme for the selection process is the "proportional allocation” scheme in which the editor allocates journal's wealth on each submitted manuscript according to its probability of being selected as of high quality among competitors.	3
The Gender API has been used to find out whether the first author is a female or a male.	3
This function is fitted by a log-Gumbel distribution with parameter values v?h,C = 0.08 and τ?h,C = 0.14 (dashed line).	0
However, since the number of articles (citable source items, the denominator) may change too, via theoretical considerations we first identified 13 possible scenarios of how either the number of articles or citations influence the IF.	3
The questionnaire survey was mainly divided into two stages: 262 questionnaires were issued from the beginning of October 2009 to the end of October 2010 at the first stage, 98 questionnaires were issued from the end of December 2014 to the beginning of December 2015 at the second stage.	2
Editor: Claudia Noemi González Brambila, Instituto Tecnologico Autonomo de Mexico, MEXICO	0
We conclude with a set of normalized rankings that adjust for differences in faculty size.	0
For GS, we found that 107 out of 2,024 names, about 5 percent, were identical (Figure 7).	4
The corresponding data for chemistry publications recorded in SCI database are depicted in Fig.	4
In a separate analysis, we used a paired design to compare the number of citations between articles published hybrid gold OA and closed access within the same volume and issue of a journal.	3
We thank Courtney Kennedy for providing research assistance and the anonymous reviewers for their helpful suggestions.	0
VOSViewer grouped the journals into 6 clusters: chemical engineering, materials, biotechnology, catalysis, environment, and thermodynamics.	3
The academic networking study used a mixed methods social network analysis approach (Dominguez & Hollstein, 2014).	3
Based on justice theory, which suggests that procedural and distributive justice shape outcome satisfaction [10], we specifically argue that publishing time negatively affects the extent to which researchers perceive publishing times to be worthwhile (as indicative of procedural justice, defined as the perceived fairness of outcomes [11]) and justifiable (as indicative of procedural justice, i.e., the perceived fairness of the means used to determine outcomes [10]).	1
First, the number of sole-authored articles at the time of appointment is more predictive of future article productivity than the overall number of articles.	5
He holds a PhD from the University of Georgia in Management Information Systems.	0
Our main goal was to show how different aspects of university research potential can be measured and visualized.	5
In 2012-2013, 66 undergraduates (32 female, 34 male) ranging in age from 19 to 23 years who were taking the Computer Hardware course in the Computer Education and Instructional Technology Department participated in this study.	2
Up to now, bibliometrics has been widely used in specific research areas by co-authorship analysis, co-citation analysis, and the development of whole subject fields.	3
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-017-2491-y) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Finally, a random sample of articles has been analyzed to test the accuracy of the query system; the results indicate a proportion of 74.2–79.2% of WR articles with a confidence level of 95%, therefore validating the precision of the followed methodology.	5
However, for the subpopulation of articles without OA pre- or post-prints, we find positive hybrid OA effects for the full sample and each discipline separately.	4
Population index: number of publications per million inhabitants.	3
This study describes the conceptual structure of emerging organisations on the basis of research over the past 26 years.	1
Keywords analysis is called thematic analysis (Cobo et al., 2011).	3
However this is a luxury that nobody can afford to repeat many times, so we enquire of professors, senior colleagues and friends, as other people know more and different people may have different opinions.	0
(1) The development of CUR possesses small-world characteristics and scale-free effects.	4
Latin American researches are builindg a research line about chronic disturbance, but it seems they face dificulty in get acknowledege through citations.	4
This constitutes a rentier model of value production and accumulation, whereby the two laboratories own a number of valuable assets, from which they yield rents to produce value.	4
(2017), and Schwab (2015), presenting the results with 95%confidence intervals as estimates of differences between classes of schools, with an estimate of effect size; in this case, Glass' Δ.	3
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
RQ2: What are the core knowledge topics in interdisciplinary research?	1
Received 20 June 2020; Received in revised form 9 October 2021; Accepted 26 October 2021	0
And 357 (8.8%) had a Similarity Index of ≥ 20%.	4
Let's be honest: We are in a rush to publish our papers.	0
With teams growing in all areas of scientific and scholarly research, we explore the relationship between team structure and the character of knowledge they produce.	1
It shows that women receive more per-article cites than men among single-authored papers (A), single+first author papers (B), single+first+last authored papers (C), and all papers (D).	4
Like the model established by the CDL, the Canadian Research Knowledge Network sought to assess each journal using a weighted algorithm measuring journal quality, utility, and cost-effectiveness.	3
The results of this study challenge the traditional notion that prestigious universities are the main catalysts for innovation, emphasizing the substantial contributions made by second-tier and third-tier institutions schools.	4
The mean number of authors has increased from 1.35 (SD 0.73, median 1, Q1=1, Q3=1) in 1975–1984 to 2.53 (SD 2.12, median 2, Q1=1, Q3=3) in 2005-2014.	4
Bold keywords perform above average in all citation performance metrics that we consider.	4
During the study period, December 2014 to December 2015, AM received 1,273 submissions of a type requiring peer review.	2
What job resources are common for faculty at each type of business school (research, balanced and teaching)?	1
The final conclusion is that “current workplace” and NIH research awards are, by themselves, inadequate as surrogate markers for program success, since they mask important differences in how alumni divide their time between research and other activities, where they obtain research support, and how much impact they have had in the twin realms of biomedical research and patient care.	5
This paper presents an integrated and easy methodology for bibliometric analysis.	1
Past studies had noted the inclusion of special collections and archival materials in IRs; however, the prevalence of their inclusion in RPU repositories—60 percent included these objects—highlights the double duty the platforms provide for these institutions.	4
We compute the complement of the Herfindahl–Hirschman index as a measure of multidisciplinarity.	1
The goal of the present study is to build upon the two above analyses and investigate the concept of convexity and convex skeletons in the context of scientific collaboration (or co-authorship) networks at the level of authors (i.e.	1
We also collected the total number of citations to the identified publications in the Web of Science (WoS) as a whole and in Google Scholar (GS).	2
Lastly, we characterised the thematic areas addressed by the Spanish research on HIV-AIDS, generating a matrix with the co-occurrence of the MeSH descriptors assigned to the documents, on which we applied a cluster analysis to identify the different thematic lines and their visual representation.	3
The 2009 Journal Citation Reports (JCR) online database was accessed.	2
The world of scholarly publishing is not black and white.	5
The most productive institution was the University of Western Australia (91; 3.6%).	4
Dulle and Minishi-Majanja, 2011; Khalili and Singh, 2012; Park, 2009).	5
The relational measures corroborate that the thematic approach is new, by identifying a high presence of isolated relationships among the authors.	5
Internationalists in Polish universities are clearly defined as academic scientists who collaborate in research with their international colleagues.	3
The primary evaluation metric was the model's recall rate, which measures the model's capability to accurately identify papers that have been cited in policy documents.	3
To what extent can students identify plagiarism and cite information sources properly?	1
Durning, Department of Internal Medicine, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, 4301 Jones Bridge Road, Bethesda, MD 20814, USA.	0
The participants of the study were purposively sampled from a list of 100 top Malaysian scientists extracted from WoS.	2
It is necessary to strengthen the collaboration networks.	5
Total publications by origin for the two periods, indicating fewer articles from the United States/Canada and European Union countries, and more publications from non-European Union countries, from Pacific/Oceania, and other countries.	0
Conflict of interest statement: All authors declare that they do not have any conflicts of interest.	0
A second set of data assesses the library's holdings of titles cited in dissertations on Mexico.	2
In addition, the study was not conceived as a comparative citation analysis but merely an illustrative examination of the most highly cited works.	0
We can and must do better, lest we resign ourselves to “intuition-based policy" when making decisions and investments aimed at driving scientific progress.	1
The main contributions of the present study are: (a) The introduction of the concept of document content similarity to add suitable weight to the co-citation index.	5
Three (JEPP, JPP, PSJ) featured those more oriented to political science.	4
Our study period spanned 30 years from 1987 to 2017 to reflect the rapid increase of river basin studies since 1990s (Wu et al., 2021).	2
The sample data were derived from Tencent QQ groups in an enterprise of China.	2
For determining the reliability of the two latent constructs, namely "Perceptions of students towards E-exams (PSE)” and “Pre-requisites of E-exams (POE)," Cronbach's alpha was used through SPSS (version 25) software in the study, and the results reveal that the strong internal consistency exists between all the measured variables.	3
We collected the correction notices in LIS from 2001 to 2020, using the search formula “DT = (Correction) AND WC = (information science library science)."	2
Population and economic data were obtained from the 2017 World Development Indicators found in the online databases of the World Bank (http://datatopics.worldbank.org/world-development-indicators/).	2
Our findings indicate that OA journals are 33% more prevalent in PubPeer than in the global total (52% for the most commented journals).	4
It harnesses the Crossref as an up-to-date and comprehensive source of bibliographic metadata available for free (Hendricks et al.	5
The research design for the first research question is to compare the Mendeley readership counts with the Scopus citation counts of large monodisciplinary journals for articles published at different points in time, identifying their crossing points (i.e., when Scopus citations equal Mendeley readers).	3
However, the data do not show any retractions for papers published in the current year (2017).	0
We hypothesize that a main element in developing any profession's scholarship capacity includes ongoing comprehensive research mentorship—a factor not readily apparent in social work academic units.	5
Fifth, I conduct a latent semantic analysis to examine evolution and change in the content published in the journal during my term relative to a comparison point.	1
Using data for 2,132 faculty, we address five empirical questions that can help us identify and understand the distinctive attributes of the most productive scholars.	1
We also investigated whether some of these characteristics could be used to detect fake papers.	1
A total of 374 publications from 69 organizations were analyzed in 2015, and 7064 papers from 87 organizations were analyzed in 2017.	2
The correlations were much lower between Mendeley readers and citation counts for conference papers than for journal articles in Building & Construction Engineering and Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering.	4
The distribution of publication numbers and citations was analyzed using descriptive statistics.	3
The largest connected component of Shodhganga-AGN consists of 1356 researchers and 1437 advisor-advisee relationships.	4
2009a, b), ranging from public and global health issues (Groneberg et al.	3
This research attempted to unravel library holding as an indicator of scholarly book impact assessment, and found that there is a need to distinguish the differences between electronic holdings and print holdings before using their combined format as Total holding from OCLC.	5
However, in terms of policy or procedure based on the results of this study, journals/editors should collect and consult at least one review from other sources than author suggested, and when reviewers nominated by authors are considered, priority should be given to those with different locations from the authors.	5
In this work, we have also found that there is a strong relationship between authors ranking and the total of contribution made by authors.	5
This study has analyzed the main bibliometric indicators in relation to the literature on women's participation in science and higher education.	5
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
However, a drop in the number of publications occurred in 2016.	4
To retrieve the co-citation set and its bibliometric metadata, we use Dimensions Search Language (DSL) on their API:	3
The search equation is (TS = (gene edit*) OR TS = (CRISPR) OR TS = (clustered regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats), including all document types, and Timespan = All years).	2
First, we searched the bibliometric data from two sub-databases of WoS core collection: Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) and Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI).	2
The empirical results also suggest that co-authorship across domestic institutions does not carry any significant impact on research quality, but international collaboration enhances it.	4
In this paper, case story methodology is used to construct the narrative of a publisher of scholarly journals.	3
To choose an appropriate amount of topics, LDA models were fitted for 5, 10, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 and 20 topics using cross-validation, and their validation perplexity was calculated.	3
The majority of JCR-indexed OA journals can be assigned to Life Sciences and Medicine.	4
"Destination image," "Satisfaction," and "Tourism" were the most common keywords with the deepest network.	4
In this study, we assessed the clinical translation intensity of papers published by scientists who have made outstanding contributions to the field of basic medicine (Lasker Prize winners for Basic Medical Research).	1
NIH grant holders were identified through a query of all current APSA members in the NIH Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools (RePORT).	2
The Sci-Hub website on being crawled through the automated program for the 67,857 publication records with DOI for the year 2016, resulted in a total of 61,706 articles being accessible with full text.	4
The results show that the scientific literature on the capture of consumer data from social media for digital marketing purposes has increased exponentially over the last 25 years.	5
This study provides insights into the current state and recent trends in nursing breast cancer research.	5
By undertaking a grounded theory approach, it was found that research practices and behaviour not only impact on the scientific output of the scientist but are also a function of governance categories.	4
The aim of our paper, extending the analysis already presented in Cicero and Malgarini (2019), is to test the usefulness of the Italian journal classification as a supporting tool for research evaluation, studying its relationship with other international classifications and with the evaluation of individual articles, as performed in the Italian national evaluation exercise (VQR).	1
Google scholar mentions shows how VOSviewer is used as a research resource, whilst mentions in webpages and tweets show the interest on VOSviewer's website from an informational and a conversational point of view.	4
The data for this research are drawn from Thomson Scientific's Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), and Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) for the 1900-2011 period.	2
To further examine the relationships between the focal scholarly impact metrics and specifically, to determine whether they represent the same construct(s), their factor structure was examined using multiple exploratory factor analyses (EFAs).	3
Table 4 shows the journals that were cited four or more times.	0
Second, we searched the transcripts and documents for qualitative descriptions of funding and collaboration relationships between individual countries and regions.	3
In general, appraisal of funding outcomes relative to expenditure has been only low level until recently.	5
Adapting practice for journal articles (Kousha et al., 2018; Thelwall, 2018b, 2017), the Webometric Analyst free software (http://lexiurl.wlv.ac.uk) was used to run automatic Microsoft Academic citation searches for the BKCI books sample.	3
In particular, this study has shown that the the overall success of Web-based ranking is dependent upon the visibility and activity of the university.	5
., XN) whose components are the number of citations to each paper and are ordered in descending order with increasing index.	2
This work was supported in part by a Fellowship of the School of Computational Science and Information Technology, Florida State University.	0
448 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—March 2003	0
In this paper, we propose a blockchain-based solution to enable transparent, traceable, trusted, and decentralized academic ranking systems.	1
Secondly, we discovered that the tri-polar pattern of international scientific cooperation controlled by North America, Asia-Pacific, and Europe (Gui, Liu, & Du, 2019; Gui, Liu, Du, et al., 2019) is clearly portrayed in COVID-19 research.	5
We then input the 216 records into CiteSpace 5.7, a tool for visualized bibliometric analysis, and tuned parameters according to the records' metadata.	3
Faculty of Biological Sciences, Universidad Complutense de Madrid, Ciudad Universitaria, Madrid, Spain	0
Our dataset covers the published English papers and the paired patents by all scholars in the chemical and pharmaceutical field who received the Distinguished Young Scholars of the National Science Foundation of China (NSFC) during 2009–2018.	2
In order to have a better visualization, another two outlier articles with Relative Citedness higher than 100 are not shown in Figs 2 and 3.	0
The authors gathered about 1500 email addresses of faculty members from the Directory of the University of Dhaka for 2014.	2
It is possible that the number of research studies forwarded for review was lower or that the quality of research by investigators in the United States fell below that from other sources.	0
Supplementary data associated with this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.joi.2020.101012.	0
Results obtained show that participation of women is found to vary in different disciplines, with biology (37%), agriculture science (32%), social science (31%) and medical science (32%) having relatively higher number of female 1st authored papers as compared to engineering (20%), information science (21%) and mathematics (22%).	4
That can explain the prevalence of the funding agencies over other types of entities.	5
From Twitter users, the increase of followers produces 30% more tweets.	4
We found that 69,898 female authored papers are authored by 36,480 distinct female authors, resulting into per capita output for female authors as 1.91.	4
The first variable Juniorit takes the value of 1 if paper i that was published in year t discloses as first author the most junior author and 0 otherwise.	3
See the electronic edition of the PASP for a color version of this figure.	0
Before describing the proposed approach, we first give some notations in Table I that will be used later.	0
However, most interviewees spoke of evidence as a last resort and consulted only when case study authors' claims of impact gave them cause for doubt.	4
The table reports the number of WoS subject categories (N) grouped under each OECD major and minor field of science.	0
What proportion of publications are by Vietnamese authors only, and what proportion are the result of collaboration with international authors?	1
The topical findings indicate that the earlier strong LIS emphasis on L&I services has declined notably, while scientific and professional communication has become the most popular topic.	4
Motivated by these questions, our work tries to resolve the comprehensive evaluation of the top institutions in the NI of China.	1
The empirical evidence confirms the presence of small-world properties.	4
Information on the country of journal publishers and details on delisted journals from Scopus were obtained from the official Source Title List available on the Elsevier website and the SCImago Journal & Country Rank Portal.	3
SCIMago Journal and Country Rank website [8] provides free access to a broad set of information on the journals contained in Scopus including article counts and citation statistics.	2
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ussj20	0
(3) Are projects that receive more funding more likely to result in innovative research on emerging topics?	1
University of Pittsburgh was the most productive institution whereas Harvard University showed its leading academic status.	4
Secondly, at the time of the study, Altmetric.com was the dominant product in the market, and thirdly, the company gave permission to use Altmetric Explorer free of charge for research purposes.	0
as research entrepreneurs, sharing resources and being highly autonomous, while social science researchers behaved mostly in mode1, i.e.	4
Turkey, Israel, Iran, Saudi Arabia, and Egypt have devoted the five top competition positions.	4
The analysis shows that there are 67 communities in the graph with a modularity score of 0.42 out of 1.	4
The WoS includes only acknowledgements containing funding information; therefore, not every database entry has an acknowledgement.	5
However, there appears to be a lack of clarity and confusion over the term OA among the respondents.	5
In conclusion, South American scientific production on leishmaniasis published in journals indexed in SCOPUS is focused on Brazilian activity.	5
A Business Model Canvas (BMC) was implemented to gain insight into the goal of enhancing the conduct of research.	3
Data were obtained by asking country leads (mostly senior researchers embedded in research universities) from Australia, China, France, Israel, Poland, Spain, UK, and US to conduct desk research to establish what is going on.	3
The detection of differences or similarities in large numbers of scientific publications is an open problem in scientometric research.	1
Here we analyse 98 REF2014 ‘environment' submissions in Business and Management Studies.	1
However, when we compare the QAP model with just core countries against the QAP model that includes all countries (that is, core and periphery), we find that citations have a consistent and strong relationship with the similarity of language in international research, where a one-standard-deviation increase in the number of citations in 2012 is associated with 0.312-standard-deviation-higher KLD scores in Ltext for just core countries (N=139; 95% CI, (0.309, 0.315); two-tailed t-tests).	4
Utilizing large-scale information and communications technology (ICT) policies in China as empirical data, we conduct a series of logistic regressions and Random Forest-based classification experiments to quantitatively evaluate the importance of each constructed citation feature on policymakers' adoption decisions.	3
Academic EPs were identified from lists provided on allopathic U.S.	2
Wrong assessments of scientific research give rise to false research paradoxes.	0
Using the Web of Science database, we collated cumulative (1950–2020), 10-year (2011-2020), 5-year (2016-2020), and 3-year (2018-2020) data for neurosurgical units in the United Kingdom and Ireland.	2
Our findings indicate that Finnish language publications are particularly important for reaching students, citizens, experts and politicians.	4
This is a bias that works in favour of B and works against A.	0
patents, and 6064 citing both Chinese and U.S. patents during 2014–2015, were retrieved from the world patent database, Derwent Innovation Index.	2
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
The authors also developed the Importance Performance Map Analysis (IPMA) for these factors in order to provide guidelines for Saudi universities to build university systems to manage and measure the research productivity of academic staff.	3
A comparison of regions and countries as sources and utilizers of knowledge allows us to examine their balance of knowledge flows with Brazil, an analysis that reveals highly contrasting profiles and trends.	0
The total number of AF publications has significantly increased since the millennium change, from 3,063 (14.2%) in 1945 to 1999 to 18,540 (85.8%) publications in 2000 to 2018.	4
If you have never submitted your manuscript to a journal before, then your manuscript may be at greater risk of rejection without being sent out for a review by referees.	5
We also gratefully acknowledge the contributions of Irena Tartakovsky, Herschel Alexander, and Ross McKinney, of the AAMC, in the conduct of the alumni survey that was included in the National MD-PhD Outcomes Study, which provided data for this manuscript, and for their helpful feedback on an earlier version of the manuscript.	0
However, there is one thing that most established sociologists seem to agree on regardless of theoretical orientation, area of expertise, or methodological approach: “Today, you have to publish much more than you did ‘back in my day' to get a faculty job and to get tenure.”	0
We focused on the frequency of keywords and the presence or absence of terms related to AI, APTs, and Gen-AI tools.	1
There has been a 13.3% annual growth in AW publications in the last 50 years with Animal Welfare and Applied Animal Behaviour Science the most frequent publishers of AW publications.	4
Despite being closely related, the two approaches exhibit important differences that positions CSA further down the bottom-right corner than WSA.	0
The findings show that most scientists enjoy a peak annus mirabilis with a minority having a few such peaks.	4
In all cases, the measure of success if we use a decision rule based on IF is poor.	4
An empirical counterpart of the above theoretical model for the h index may now be obtained by substituting the parameters a and β with estimates, a* and β*, based on suitable functions of the citation data only through the basic statistics C, C1, T and T?.	3
Her dissertation examines the impact of mixed race identities on racial minority political participation and attitudes.	0
Medline is the largest biomedical bibliometric database accessed using PubMed, and contains more than 22 million publications from more than 5,500 biomedical journals.	2
We propose that competing altruistic and egocentric citation priorities may influence partner selection resulting in modern multinational teams engendering greater absolute citation measures.	5
Our main concern is to raise awareness of the problem.	5
In sum, the greater are the Eigen values, variance percentage, canonical correlation for a function, and the less is the value of Wilk's Lambda, the greater is the discrimination power of the function.	0
Contribution to the Theme Section ‘The use and misuse of bibliometric indices in evaluating scholarly performance’	0
WoS currently contains 79 journals in the OR-MS category.	2
Thus, the gender gap is not adequately understood through the effect of gender as a stand-alone, dichotomic variable.	5
Among respondents 48% were aware of Beall's list, and 52% were not.	4
There is an underrepresentation of alcohol-related publications in languages other than English and from developing countries, in MEDLINE and Scopus databases.	5
An invaluable resource for the biomedical literature is PubMed/MEDLINE, maintained by the National Library of Medicine (NLM) of the U.S.	2
Considering the three coders, a Krippendorff's alpha (nominal) value of 0.73 was obtained, which is considered strong enough to validate the results (Krippendorff, 2018).	3
Currently, there are 37 pediatric surgeons with 43 NIH-sponsored awards.	4
The searches and examination of papers was carried out on 15 October 2012.	2
For this purpose, a simple classification model is presented in order to choose the best journal from the list, from which some fundamental consequences can be deduced and simple rules derived.	1
We then use a difference-in-difference (DD) framework to estimate the effect of research visits on the number of years until promotion.	3
Third, the results from the statistical procedures are presented, and finally, several conclusions are drawn.	0
See supplemental materials for an example of the raw data generated automatically in this report.	0
The four variables used to measure readers' attention are as follows: total view count; number of Google search results; Twitter shares (sum of tweets and retweets) and Twitter engagement (sum of likes and replies) of the article; with total view count as the main focus of this study.	3
Inclusion criteria are that the output has to have at least one of the following: department location or title (e.g.	3
Articles published by authors from the United States always ranked first in number, although the United States' share is decreasing in the world literature.	4
2), and said such grant would allow them to connect between 3 and 8 scientists to the activities.	4
To assess HIV/AIDS research productivity in the 27 countries of the European Union (EU), and the structural level factors associated with levels of HIV/AIDS research productivity.	1
The overall productivity of an academic researcher is the result of the combination of a series of output that he or she produces.	5
For more recent entries, we retrieved the affiliations with the Scopus profiles of scientists [23].	2
Overall, our results shed light on the history and evolution of the more and more important concept of (de)centralization.	5
The following analysis examines the 20-year citation trajectories of a cohort of journal articles published in 1985–1987.	2
Therefore, the goal of this paper is to examine the relationship between these macro-level scientometric measures and country-level human development and GII, in order to identify potential systemic issues contributing to disparities in scholarly communication.	1
For the purpose of bibliometric analyses, we also collected key words, agencies, and references to each policy from the GDIS.	2
Data were gathered according to three criteria: (1) published articles, of which one author was affiliated to an institution based in one of the four Asian countries; (2) articles published in journals that included in the title the terms ‘higher education' or 'tertiary education' to assure that the publication data were derived from the higher education research specialized literature.	2
We exploit the American Economic Association (EconLit) bibliometric database to gather information on the 58,939 articles published in these journals between 1997 and 2009 and use the papers published before 1997 to reconstruct the scientific profiles of older researchers.	2
Journal Citation Report? and mentioned online at all times.	2
We compared the reported changes in 4* quality to bibliometric measures of quality for the 56,639 articles submitted to the RAE 2008 and the 50,044 articles submitted to the REF 2014 to Panel A, which assesses the life sciences, including medicine.	2
In our case, we will use either PubMed [2] or Web of Science [3] as bibliographic database (see Note 1).	2
Generalising, more junior Mendeley users tend to register more recent articles than more senior users in most journals (Fig.	4
A list of all BKCI books from 2008 was first extracted.	2
This paper reports a bibliometric study of the development of computer science research in the People's Republic of China in the 21st century, using data from the Web of Science, Journal Citation Reports and CORE databases.	1
We randomly sampled 51 highly cited physicists from the 2018 list.	2
This study aims to untangle the relationship between interdisciplinarity and the time manuscripts spend navigating the peer review phase.	1
We hope that this study helps to improve the performance of Biological Invasions on social media as well as the impact of the journal's research outputs.	5
This test clearly shows that general replication environment and RDM expectations have a positive impact on the quality of methods sections.	5
As summarized in Table 1, the final corpus contained 550 abstracts, with a total of 68,859 running words (Mean=125.20, SD=13.94).	2
We then refer to the remaining 127,546 records as the Graphene Science (G-S) collection.	2
The collected documents total 1067 and 716 for the WPI-iCeMS and the Wyss Institute, respectively.	2
It is clear that editorial oversight for the papers which appear on the top results for searches on climate change are dominated by the global North.	4
The surveyed researchers represent 80 universities in the USA classified as RU/VH (very high research activity) in the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education, a leading framework for recognizing and describing institutional diversity in USA higher education.	2
The curricula vitae of 93 successful applicants responding to the survey included the year they received the PhD.	0
Second, we conducted a qualitative analysis of semi-structured interviews regarding actors' motivations.	3
We used the Inclusion index [21,24,25] defined in Equation (4) to perform this task.	3
The emerging inversion between inbound and outbound mobility to and from Taiwan since the 2010s is the latest indicator of lack of ability to sustain its extraordinary growth in research capacity.	5
Finally, socio-network maps provided a visual representation of the information from the auto-correlation matrices.	3
Conflicts of Interest: The authors have declared no conflict of interest.	0
Conclusion: the results of the analyses revealed the characteristics of the current literature in a broad range of areas by considering the particular dimensions.	5
Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License which permits any use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author(s) and the source are credited.	0
The gender of both the first and corresponding authors was identified and analyzed over time and by region.	2
The research described in this article combines publicly available RAMP data with citation information from Crossref (Crossref REST API, n.d.) and OA availability data from Unpaywall (Unpaywall REST API, 2020).	2
This paper can be downloaded without charge from the Social Science Research Network electronic library at http://ssrn.com/abstract=1777090	0
While new publications attract a considerable share of the views, there is still a relatively large interest, espe- cially among students, in older materials.	4
In addition, the journals show distinct characteristics in different time spans.	4
Proportions of faculty in 2000 and 2013 who received, denied, made, or were denied at least one request were not statistically different.	4
For the natural sciences we aggregated Nature, the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science (PNAS), and Science.	2
The study received the ethical approval of CREA Ethical Committee with reference number 20210111.	0
The focus of this study is on the opinion and perceptions of chief editors, not scholars.	1
Business Model Innovation (BMI) established a strategy to improve research productivity.	3
Our analysis of the interview data corroborates and extends the findings of Hall et al.	5
Altmetric.com was chosen as the data source for tweet counts, as it is the most comprehensive source of social media data associated with scientific papers (Robinson-Garcia, Torres-Salinas, Zahedi, & Costas, 2014).	2
Subsequently, the collaborative disciplines between South Africa and the other SADC countries were identified (using the field tag ‘research areas’).	3
Uncertainty and sensitivity analysis is the method for measuring the stability and permanence of the particular ranking system.	3
Editorial board members with a PhD had significantly higher h-indices than those without (GS, P = .0007; WoS, P = .0002), and full professors had higher h-indices than associate and assistant professors (GS, P = .0001; WoS, P = .0001).	4
The development of NST field could be sensitively affected by national policies, nuclear disaster, and international restrictions.	5
The survey was disseminated through various media during the month of April 2015, including all-faculty e-mails (April 13 and 24), the SBU Libraries' websites, weekly campus announcements (April 6 and 13), and “hand-out" bookmarks at all library circulation desks.	3
self-citation, location of mentioning, frequency of mentioning) and semantic (function of or reason for citation and type of research domain) characteristics of citing and cited articles were analysed.	3
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the evolution of Technological Forecasting and Social Change journal for a period between 1970 and 2018 for 4248 articles.	1
All other codes used in this study are available from the authors upon reasonable request.	0
As notable from Table 6, STEM discipline based interdisciplinary projects have substantially higher funding success than non-STEM interdisciplinary projects.	5
The measure allows us to characterize the standing of journals, disciplines, and the entire biomedical literature along the basic-applied spectrum.	4
While the international collaboration rate of the two groups of journals does not show a significant difference, the INO for Chinese journals is notably higher.	5
Following research arguing that productivity and creativity are multidimensional constructs (e.g., Martin 1996; Witte and Rogge 2010), our dependent variables measure three dimensions of scholarly success.	3
We use hierarchical regression modeling to examine the contingency hypotheses.	3
Most studies of this phenomenon have relied on indirect outcomes such as article citation counts and publication rates; few have addressed or proven the effect of unconscious bias in evidence interpretation.	1
This article studies the integration of variable renewable energy sources (RES) into power networks.	1
We extend our analysis by using an instrumental variable (IV) approach that takes into account the fact that many institutions located in similar areas in a given country joined other online-access initiatives in addition to OARE (see also Section 4.2.	3
The first dilemma is linked to an intertemporal tradeoff in the effect of autonomous training.	5
Medical science and research development has been at least partially due to health technological development, training and availability of health manpower and improvement of overall health status in Iran compared to other Islamic countries.	5
Continuous variables were summarized with descriptive statistics such as range, mean, and median.	3
1 Changes over time in a the distribution of publications by number of authors per publication; b the distribution of publications by number of institutions per publication; c number of authors by number of institutions	0
The authors express their gratitude to Dave Elder-Vass and one anonymous reviewer for comments.	0
Bibliometrics is a quantitative analysis aid in the evaluation of research performances in a certain field and allow scientists to identify new lines of research [22–29].	3
This paper also finds that most paths connect science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields; 2 critical paths connecting STEM and non-STEM fields are the one from Mathematics to Decision Sciences and the one from Medicine to Social Sciences.	4
Unsatisfied with the analytical methods and indicators for this task thus far proposed in the literature, in 2014 we presented a new methodology to assess national strengths and weaknesses in research fields (Abramo & D’Angelo, 2014a, 2014b).	1
Results show that for a university ranked in the mid-30 s it would take a significant amount of additional resources, directed in a very focused way, to become a top-ranked national university, and that rank changes of up to ± 4 points should be considered “noise”.	4
The bibliographic analysis through maps is a useful and important tool to better understand the trends of scientific publications.	5
In line with the previous literature, the descriptive statistic indicates that productivity in terms of the number of papers as well as the ratio of published papers in non-CEE vs.	4
The calculation of journal IF is influenced by a couple of factors.	0
In step 3, precision and recall were calculated.	3
Consistent with bibliometric research conducted in other disciplines (e.g., Onodera & Yoshikane, 2015), the Web of Science (WoS) served as the primary source of citation and article metadata (e.g., data on author counts).	2
This work concludes that this academic social network presents some biases in the population distribution that does not make it representative of the real scientific population.	5
In analyzing the data, the author addressed the following research questions: Which are the most and least cited journals within the subject areas of advertising/public relations, communication/media, and journalism?	1
The value of large-scale collaborations for solving complex problems is widely recognized, but many barriers hinder meaningful authorship for all on the resulting multi-author publications.	1
It was not possible to gather data on this point, but a possible source of evidence was suggested by the National Inquiry into Scholarly Communication, which noted that 71 percent of scholars in the humanities and social sciences indicated that the last journal article they had read was in a periodical to which they subscribed personally.	0
For what concerns the scientific impact, we operationalize researchers' reputation in academia as the total number of citations received by an article in a five-year period after the publication date.	3
This paper proposes a multi-attribute comprehensive evaluation method of individual research output (IRO).	1
This search was conducted on Ulrich's Periodical Database on the web, accessed in spring 2011 through the Penn State library.	0
We used the Mann-Whitney U test to compare continuous variables.	3
College of Natural Sciences and College of Medicine) and its name variants in the affiliation.	2
In consistent to the fact that the quality distribution of journal articles is dramatically right-skewed, the articles’ scientific prestige should not be judged based on the journal grades, which is supported by our analysis.	5
Our study again confirms that scientific impact is not equivalent with societal impact, and our findings have practical implications for improving societal impact of scientific research.	5
2 Temporal trend of the daily total visits to 110 sample articles	0
The study identifies the publication and citation structure of the journal, the citing articles, the most cited papers and the leading authors, institutions and countries.	1
Within a two state VSTAR regime-switching model we find unidirectional state dependent Granger causality from research output to GDP in the full sample.	5
In this work, we focus on understanding the success of two scientific entities-papers and authors-simultaneously, by analyzing their history over a number of years.	1
Regarding the analytical approach, the research uses ordinary least squares (OLS) and ordered logit models, which are appropriate due to the nature of productivity data (number of articles in international peer-reviewed journals per year since based at the current university) and to the information exchange scores regarding the research-related information exchange data (ordinal Likert scales).	3
From these 126,505 articles we identified 130 published replication studies, i.e., 0.10% were replication studies.	2
Cuba contributed 2.5% of the Latin American output and 0.2% of the world output.	4
This is a revised paper based on the paper, which has been submitted to the 12th International Conference on Webometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics (WIS) & 17th COLLNET Meeting held at Nancy, France from 12 December to 15 December 2016.	0
OBJECTIVES/SPECIFIC AIMS: This study seeks to test the feasibility and effectiveness of a brief Acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT) treatment for patients with persistent pain in a patient-centered medical home.	1
The following steps are carried out to check whether the scientific fronts and technical fronts exhibit lexical relations.	0
Node and edge tables were uploaded to Kumu [9] for analysis.	3
In all three subject areas, most journal titles cited (80 percent or more) were cited five or fewer times.	4
This study explores the effect of citation behaviour on disciplinary knowledge diffusion and intellectual structure by comparing three types of citation behaviour trends, namely the high citation trend, medium citation trend, and low citation trend.	1
We use the term teaching to refer to publications in teaching journals.	0
Let us recall that index i refers to a publication year.	0
Our main finding is that academics with the orientation to a global science measured by their responses and publication behavior patterns generally have a more positive attitude regarding the use of metrics in research evaluation, while their counterparts committed to a local academic path are more likely to show a more negative attitude to the use of metrics in general and the use of international databases in particular.	5
In this regard, policy document mentions indeed could reflect the impact of scholarly papers on policymaking.	5
Among them, 62% selected "we do not pay to publish," 25% were not sure, 9% selected the authors, and 4% selected the department.	4
The results showed that the OA level of highly cited articles is higher than that of low- and non-cited articles.	4
The sample includes 26 academics, most of whom were associated with more than one journal (Table 1).	2
The trajectory of citing journals as a whole made long-range movements in the initial 2 years whereas the movements in subsequent years are much more stable.	4
Unfortunately, scholars in peripheral countries must face ethical dilemmas if they wish to keep up-to-date with scholarly literature.	5
We used the IPcase index to analyze the impact of COVID-19 (Figure 5).	5
Chinese researchers that were active in biomedical research, including PhD researchers, postdoctoral researchers, lecturers and (associate) professors, were recruited in these four countries, as indicated below.	2
First, the impact factor was generated according to Journal Citation Reports 2010.	3
Essentially both globalism and nationalism are possible because political leaders, national policy makers, and scientists may be operating with different logics.	5
While our analytical sample includes 8.2 million authors with at least one publication in the Scopus database, we excluded 41,278 authors (0.5%) because their publications have missing metadata.	2
We define the weighted classification codes coupling frequency between two inventors as the number of clas- sification codes that these two inventors' oeuvres share [5,20,37].	3
What are the challenges of HEC-recognized journals in adopting OA publishing?	1
Figure 1 clearly shows that the non-peer reviewed Humanities book literature is more domestic in terms of places of publication than its peer reviewed counterpart.	4
Alireza Isfandyari-Moghaddam Farshid Danesh Nadia Hadji-Azizi, (2015),"Webometrics as a method for identifying the most accredited free electronic journals: the case of medical sciences", The Electronic Library, Vol.	0
The h-index, created by Hirsch in 2005, is calculated as the number of articles published by a given faculty member X, with a citation number equal to or higher than h.	3
Research performances of the Central Universities are measured and compared with two top rankingWorld Universities, namely University of Cambridge and Stanford University.	1
SOURCE: Compiled from data in Journal Citation Reports, 1977, 1978, 1979.	0
Findings here show that the Matthew effect in funded papers is more powerful in comparison to unfunded studies.	5
An interesting finding of our study is the limited significance of intersections between subdisciplines, with the exception of the intersection between neuroscience and cognitivism and to a lesser degree behaviorism and neuroscience.	4
Further evidence suggests that higher data intensity positively contributes to the growth rate of Hicks-neutral productivity in value added.	4
This higher attention to Nature by Google users is mainly explained by the higher interest of Internet users to medicine and biological sciences.	5
This can help TM researchers easily grasp the historical development and fundamental features of TM.	5
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
In early 2016 Clarivate Analytics published a list of HCR based on the publication years 2003–2013 (HCR 2015).	2
From the LOCKNET Peer Review Research Group: European Journal of Clinical Nutrition (Dr Garrow) and BMJ Publishing Group (Mr Butterfield, Ms Marshall, and Mrs Williamson), London, England.	0
Although studies have shown that national scientific development is affected by geographic, historic, and economic factors, it remains unclear whether there are universal structures and trajectories of national scientific development that can inform forecasting and policymaking.	1
This study proposes an approach to detect Topical Scientific Communities (TSCs) with both topology and topic features by applying machine learning techniques and network theory.	1
If returning the proof by fax do not write too close to the paper's edge.	0
The study highlighted a shift in the countries of destination for the Inflow early-career researchers: fewer were affiliated with USA, UK or Japan, while other countries became more prominent (China, Germany, Netherlands, Spain) and new destinations emerged (Brazil, India, Iran).	4
The number of consolidated research groups in the field was identified as 383, with 1,933 authors.	4
Additionally, during the catch-up period, China's scientific portfolio demonstrates a combination of features that resemble both Korean and Taiwanese attributes.	4
Results suggest a positive impact of funding on not only the quantity of the publications but also on the quality of the works and scientific team sizes of the funded researchers.	4
It is analogous to PageRank, CiteRank, HITS, SARA, and others ranking metrics.	3
All the ECs of a given socio-semantic graph G may be represented in a socio-technical lattice figuring maximal groups of agents and concepts, ordered by a set inclusion relationship: in other words, an EC C is said to be more general than another EC C' when the agent set of C contains that of C' (and thus, dually, the concept set of C is included in that of C').	3
The main goal of the present study is to investigate consistency between these two measures of quality for mathematical research (citations and expert opinion) by concentrating on featured review articles in MR.	1
We conducted a social network analysis in this study, which uses a set of established mathematical algorithms to investigate the network topologies of a network (Wasserman and Faust, 1994).	3
XXI, 2013, Scientific Journal of Media Education; ISSN: 1134-3478; pages 71-81	0
Patstat ("EPO worldwide PATent STATistical Database") is a worldwide patent database created by EPO in 2008 as a tool for statistical research into patents.	2
Considering the purpose of our paper, bibliometric analysis was chosen as the investigation technique.	3
Reliance on the T5 to screen talent incentivizes careerism over creativity.	5
Cited references with inaccuracies result in missed matches in the WoS and lead to reduced citation counts for papers (times cited information in WoS).	5
The general reader might well prefer to skip this section and move directly to the second part, which seeks to illustrate the general properties of the model and the development over time of an author’s citation distribution via graphical representations.	0
The five most prolific authors were Ozen S (n=53; 5.92%; from Turkey), Livneh A (n=51; 5.70%; from Israel), Lidar M (n=27; 3.02%; from Israel), Ben-Zvi I (n=26; 2.90%; from Israel) and Cantarini L (n=23; 2.57%; from Italy), as presented in Table 2.	4
Reflexive thematic analysis was used to explore the qualitative data collected via open-ended questions.	3
We considered all document typology covering the period 1980–2015 and within the Information Science & Library Science subject category.	2
The overall match rate between faculty valuations and bibliometric valuations of serials is 65%.	4
To solve this problem, this paper first applied BERTopic to identify interdisciplinary topics from large-scale academic literature and then conducted fine-grained evolution analysis on these extracted topics.	5
Beijing's role surpasses that of all other cities combined, making it the central gateway through which knowledge and talent flow from one side to the other.	4
What topics are present in library and information science?	1
Reach out to the authors of the identified works.	3
The full list of Scopus Subject Areas and codes is available at https://service.elsevier.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/15181/	0
What should be considered in the evaluation is the difference in scientific outputs and their evaluation criteria according to the nature and goals and approaches of each field.	5
The main aim of this paper is to reveal factors affecting the time to publication for information science (IS) journals.	1
His most important research interests are information-seeking behavior, knowledge management, research methodology, and science and technology studies.	0
This study's aim is to estimate ASEBD sizes with a method that is applicable for most systems.	1
The Standardized Root Mean Square Residual (SRMR), the Normed Fit Index (NFI), the Comparative Fit Index (CFI), and the Root Mean Square Error of Approximation (RMSEA) were used to evaluate the overall fit of the models.	3
In addition, we specifically focused on Iran and assessed its contribution in diabetes researches by details of scientometrics outputs of Iranian articles.	1
What are the characteristics of disciplines measured by scientific trading dimensions (i.e., trading impact, exported and imported ratio, disciplinary self-dependence, and trading dynamics);	1
Due to these functions and characteristics, letters to the editor allow a rapid spread and development of scientific novelties and research efforts related to core scientific matters and consequently the convergence of scientists to have better and commonly known research results and to adopt similar opinions, principles and measures to face interesting scientific matters (Winker and Fontanarosa 1999).	5
(2) What patterns of publication are evident in terms of the journals chosen?	1
We utilize a web analytics approach for the creation of a linear regression model to predict usage among these journals.	1
Access to external networks is therefore shown to be a key determinant of research outcomes.	5
Table 5 The top ten collaborating countries, and the number of papers co-authored with authors form respective country	0
7 Relative flow of nodes between the detected network communities over time	0
The objective of this work is to measure the obsolescence of research literature in disciplinary journals.	1
A total of 696 (75%) of the presentations resulted in publication by January 2022.	2
The LM bibliometric indicator methodology has been applied in a large scale data set consisted of over 3000 research outputs produced by academic staff at three UK business schools, primarily from 2001 to 2008.	2
We estimate the contribution to the progress of knowledge by studying only a limited number of the most cited papers, which are dominated by publications pursuing this progress.	1
PI degree information was used to categorize the portfolios into the following categories: surgeons, other physicians (nonsurgeons with a medical degree [MD, DO, and/or MBBS]), and PhDs who did not hold a medical degree.	3
Thus, the answer to the research question is negative.	5
N. Hall from a recording found among Langmuir's papers in the Library of Congress.	0
The ABS Academic Journal Guide is a widely accepted journal list in the business and management field.	2
Our results demonstrate resoundingly the universal dynamic of gender homophily in collaborative profiles across region-subject pairs.	4
The number of publications by research field, country, and institutional affiliation.	3
Based on our study design, the resulting search of articles in English for social sciences including Big Data and AI analytics keywords between 2015 and 2020 is 11,007 for the WoS.	2
Scientific production by document types has been analyzed through the Web of Science?	2
In order to achieve the aim, we used the Scopus database as it is considered the largest base of abstracts and bibliographic refer-ences of peer-reviewed scientific literature (Rialp et al.	2
Needless to say, the matrix may be read by column, in which case it will show an insight into the origin of the knowledge inflows of a country.	0
From the experimental results, we found that interinstitutional research collaborations have distinct characteristics compared to other types of collaborations.	4
The different functions answer a number of questions in incompatible ways:	4
Few would deny that scientists differ greatly in their productive capacities, and that these differences are, to a large degree, determined before their careers begin.	0
We also found that 11/51 (21.6%) of US/UK journals and 15/46 (32.6%) of non-US/UK journals had mandatory processing and publication fees.	4
To visualise the intellectual structure of scientific fields, two main scientometric methods can be employed: docu- ment co-citation analysis and co-authorship analysis (3-8).	3
To develop the quantitative bibliometric analysis of the collections of bibliographic references, the R program (R Core Team 2016) was used.	3
Meanwhile, the policy-issuing institutions played a significant role in the effectiveness of a certain policy measure.	4
The multidisciplinarity degree was calculated as 1-Gini index.	3
Quantitative characterization of cohesion in HCRA titles shed light on how expert writers coherently organize titles to maximize informativeness and research impact, thereby contributing pedagogically to academic writing for English for Academic and specific Purposes, and empirically for the research on the predictability of citation impacts.	5
For each article we recorded all acknowledged internal and external funding.	0
The median (range) proportion of concerns raised with the journal that were mentioned in the ensuing retraction notices was 9.5% (2–49).	4
The six case universities were selected from the 116 ‘985' and '211' universities, with consideration of their geographical locations, research capacity, and distinct characteristics.	2
It is a fact that Iranian scientific journals are in transition from print to fully electronic.	5
Seventeen recent Nobel laureates were among the 6000 Highly Cited Researchers HCR (WoS?) including 5 laureates in Chemistry, 3 in Economy, 7 in Medicine, and 2 in Physics.	4
Although Hagenmüller was a recognized scientist, both nationally and internationally, that did not prevent part of his work from getting attention from the scientific community at a latter time.	5
Thus, the set of all collaboration (cp) is a superset of three forms of collaboration (cip, cedp, cefp).	0
This allows us to determine a p value for co-occurrence of the two cites as p = Σk≥r p(k), where r is the number of documents in the corpus where the two cites are actually found together.	3
The results summarily provide key metrics of research productivity and lead to several important insights for both authors and institutions.	5
The factors (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]; 95% Confidence interval [CI]; p value) that emerged as significant predictors of poor knowledge score were early years of medical education (0.110; 0.063, 0.156; < 0.001) and being enrolled in a GMC (0.348; 0.233, 0.463; < 0.001).	4
In this section, the Canberra distance and the classical and fractional Jensen–Shannon divergence are adopted for quantifying dissimilarities between citation profiles of s = 100 researchers in FC.	3
When compared with the best baseline DBC, BCCCC contributes 10.2% improvement in MAP (0.5708 vs.	4
The first source of involuntary bias is the most important and most common for all of us: the misperception about ourselves and about the quality of our production.	0
What are the barriers met by Arab authors when publishing in indexed journals?	1
Of the total citations received by research articles published in the discipline of Psychology 43.69% self-citations, the highest among all the subject disciplines under study.	4
Design/methodology/approach – Citation analysis and comparison with Impact Factors of two cardiothoracic journals one American and one European and one general medical journal over the period.	3
For example, the introduced field bow-tie decomposition of DBLP Computer Science Bibliography substantially differs from the rest due to the coverage of the database, while the citation information within arXiv.org is the most exhaustive.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—January 2011	0
We find that the mixed panel reviews were longer and touched upon broader and more concrete impact topics.	4
Only English language journals with at least 25 original articles published during the aforementioned period were included.	2
In this study, we analyzed the context of the publications on population genetics of Neotropical plants.	1
However, our analysis shows that some MENA countries, particularly Oman, Qatar, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates are still substantially under-investing in biomedical research relative to their GDP.	5
In this phase, a conceptual analysis is conducted of a sample of actual referee reports for a number of sources from different subject fields.	2
The United States also accounts for the highest number of retractions for misconduct (n = 255), followed by Japan (n = 75) and India (n = 61) (Fig.	4
The investigator then initiated a session of the Peer Review Game that lasted for T = 40 minutes in each case.	0
1 University of Maine at Augusta, 46 University Drive, Augusta, ME 04843, USA	0
To also consider librarian perception of high-impact journals, we looked at the results of the study by Nisonger and Davis, who surveyed ARL library directors and deans of ALA-accredited master of library science (LIS) programs about library science academic journals.	3
This paper uses a large data set of PubMed Central (PMC) full-text publications and analyzes citation sentiment in more than 32 million citances within PMC, revealing citation sentiment patterns at the journal and discipline levels.	1
The results here suggest that second tier finance publications are not necessarily second rate.	5
This content downloaded from 195.78.108.163 on Sun, 15 Jun 2014 06:04:38 AM	0
The investigator classified the authors as researchers, practitioners, students, or other, according to their attributes.	3
Perhaps most significantly, we find that there are large field-level differences that are reflected in position within the text, citation interval (or reference age), and citation counts of references.	4
Participants across disciplines stressed that RI education should be available for all researchers (Table A.3).	4
The top 10 journals (1.1% of 872 journals) published 40.63% of the total publications.	4
The findings reveal that CD is commonly observed in citation diffusion and can serve as an indicator for describing the durability of citation diffusion.	4
Received 3 May 2021; Received in revised form 7 January 2022; Accepted 10 January 2022	0
The performance of our retrieval system is better than Google Scholar and PubMed database in our testing experiment.	5
The results showed that over the past two decades, there was a consistent growth in publication output with involvement of increasing number of countries and institutions, and North America was still the leading region in the subject.	4
Received December 2, 2019, accepted January 8, 2020, date of publication January 16, 2020, date of current version February 4, 2020.	0
The major reason for retraction in Korean medical journals is duplicate publication.	5
The study aimed to put forth a clustering algorithm for cluster analysis (called following leader clustering [FLCA], a follower-leading clustering algorithm), examine the dissimilarities in cluster outcomes when considering collaborations with and without self-connections in cluster analysis, and demonstrate the application of the clustering algorithm in bibliometrics.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/1468-4527.htm	0
to identify arguments for counting methods for publication and citation indicators in a sample of recent bibliometric studies 2.	1
Also, the most valuable subject areas were identified based on the maps drawn using the closeness and centrality of indexes, taxonomy, ontology and knowledge organization systems.	4
The list and the range of professional activities researchers undertake are big.	0
Based on our inclusion criteria, a total of 500 publications were selected for analysis.	4
Although collaboration networks have been intensively studied, the question of how individual scientists choose collaborators to study a new research topic remains almost unexplored.	1
A cohort of JCR-listed journals which faced the most dramatic absolute IF changes between 2013 and 2014 (AIF > 3.0, n = 49) was analyzed for the causes resulting in IF changes that theses journals have experienced in the last five years.	1
If male peers increase their average level of publication by one paper, male receivers increase their number of single-author-equivalent publications by 0.524, while the effect is about twice as small if the receiver is a woman.	4
Acknowledgments This work is supported by National Natural Science Foundation of China under Grant No.	0
In our paper, four datasets proved that in-degree centrality is more useful than closeness centrality and betweenness centrality, and can detect the emerging leading papers which collect relatively low citations, unlike conventional accumulative cited counts.	5
Furthermore, as “attitudes” were shown to be a significant predictor of the plagiarism score, we recommend more attention to incorporating attitudes as an essential outcome measure for responsible conduct in research (RCR) education.	5
Of these, 20 (86.96%) were published in internationally indexed scientific journals, 1 (5.00%) was published in journals with an IF ≥ 2, and 2 (10.00%) were published in Q2 category journals.	4
We used the Pajek program to establish a visualization of the pharmaceutical network in 840 scale, as is shown in Fig.	3
This study systematically reviews highly cited literature from the Web of Science database to map the knowledge landscape of interdisciplinary research, summarize its current state, and integrate existing knowledge.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald- srm:412925 []	0
Third, researchers also submitted their researches to general journals, not just focused on specialty journals.	5
In private, the interviewees had many similar frustrations and were quite frank.	0
In addition, the Bibliometrix software package used in this study generated thematic maps using co-keywords.	3
Based on a methodology put forward by Waltman and van Eck (2012, 2013), the bibliometric group at KTH has implemented a hierarchical publication-level classification system.	3
Every department is counted as many times as the number of scientific areas in which it is active (with more than 30 products).	0
Below I outline UK practice; describe the rise of 'impactology' and how impact-fatigue might lead to committing 'metricide'; and present the case for an ethical impactology.	3
The authors would like to thank the reviewers for their insightful comments.	0
We use bibliographic data from Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG), from which researcher names (authors), their institutional affiliation, and references made to other papers have been extracted.	2
Author self-citation came out to be 11.26% and journal self-citation was 6.5%.	4
An analysis of affiliations and the co-authorship networks was conducted to explore scientific collaborations between and within the participating universities.	1
Altmetric data analysis indicated no significant correlations between citation counts and Altmetric Attention Score (AAS), and conversely a significant association with Mendeley readers count.	4
Bibliometric analysis is a method used to describe patterns of publication within a given field or body of literature (13-15).	3
We have applied x2 statistical tests and Pearson's Residuals to observe the significance of the trend results across the seven fields based on data from the contingency tables as well as the results from particular cells in each field analysis.	3
The verification tool was journals indexes of the Polish Ministry of Science and Higher Education with the assigned points for publications and the Impact Factor scoring, based on the Journal Citation Reports of 2009-2012.	3
The key idea behind our correction is to choose a base year, for which we observe the total number of articles published and the total number of citations to those articles that follow.	3
For articles that cite government information the median number of government citations is 2 and the average is 3.20 (Table 3).	4
I compute networks for both bibliographic coupling and publication authorship in accounting, astronomy, and gastroenterology.	3
Meanwhile, the average cost of cited journals continually increased from $280 in 1986 to $439 in 2005, then decreased to $363 in 2011—which nonetheless represents a 30% increase from 1986.	4
To infer a gender for authors, we used the same algorithm as in the 2021 edition of the Leiden Ranking based on first name and country of affiliation.	3
The combination of data from different years is not ideal, although staff numbers and RAE averages are relatively stable for most universities and so should not significantly impact upon the results.	0
Initial datasets for this study consisted of archived reference lists submitted by 392 graduate students who took a regularly offered course titled U.S.	2
Tel: +47 22 85 51 71; Fax: +47 22 85 44 11; E-mail: w.c.mathisen(@stv.uio.no.	0
Our ontology development involves three aspects: first, the design of the ontology structure, consisting of a set of related topics and subtopics in the relevant subject areas; second, populating the ontology with keywords; and third, classifying documents based on the frequency of keywords.	3
Published articles were screened to assess if the title, data or conclusions were identical to the preprint version.	3
This paper examines the success of peer-review panels in predicting the future quality of proposed research.	1
The dependent variable “Open Access” (OA) was measured using the index of Open Access developed by Melibea, and the independent variables are shown in Table 1.	3
Out of 7,709 requests to review a manuscript, only 1,579 (20%) resulted in a review.	4
As a result, we obtained the data of 54,928 papers published until the end of 2008.	2
You will now be asked a series of questions regarding some aspects of your work, specifically your current department or Faculty.	0
Distributions of citations across rank were tested for differences using the Kruskal–Wallis test with pairwise Wilcoxon tests at the p < 0.05 level.	3
This paper focuses on the editorial communities' affiliated institutions and the endogenous publications of the journals published by two communication associations: the National Communication Association (NCA) and the International Communication Association (ICA).	1
We retrieved bibliometric information of papers published in these 10 journals from the WoS database during the past ten years (2011–2020), manually encoding a dummy variable “paper type” as 1 if it is a cover paper.	2
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY–December 2011 2457	0
The research budget as a ratio of GDP and net export in ideas have a correlation of 0.30.	4
All content following this page was uploaded by Gheorghe Ruxanda on 09 March 2021.	0
However, it was also demonstrated that textbook eminence is to some degree 'manufactured' differently across disciplines.	5
This, in turn, provides some hope of moderating the current exponential literature growth.	0
However, the quality of articles from TW and HK is better than that from ML.	5
http://www.utpjournals.press/doi/pdf/10.3138/jsp.37.2.99 - Wednesday, June 01, 2016 11:34:52 PM - IP Address: 188.68.0.191	0
The best performing journals were Progress in Orthodontics and the European Journal of Orthodontics with a mean AAS per published item of 1.455 and 1.351, respectively and the most prevalent sources were Tweets and Facebook mentions.	4
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=wacq20	0
Articles in the top 1% in terms of citation counts showed strong positive correlation between AAS and citation counts (r=0.64, p=0.01).	4
However, the fact that high plagiarism ratios were detected in the students' posts and a considerable proportion of the students committed plagiarism can be interpreted to mean that merely eliminating copying and pasting is not effective.	5
Scientometric mapping, or bibliometric mapping (Cobo et al.	3
We constructed two types of co-authorship networks: the first includes all universities and organizations mentioned in publications of the 30 universities in the sample and the Russian Academy of Science, while the second consists of only the 30 universities (treatment and control group).	3
Sara:It took me one and half week to see my article online.	0
I have therefore found it reasonable to attribute to each author a higher fraction of each paper than would be mathematically correct according to the number of authors.	0
Use of journal citation reports and journal performance indicators in measuring short and long term journal impact.	0
We thank the British Ecological Society (BES), owners of the journal Functional Ecology, for permitting us to use their peer review database for this project.	0
The overall contribution of researchers from the Arab region to global research in the field was 5.6%.	4
Three hundred sixteen (86.1%) articles were written by MD or MD-PhD first authors.	4
Most commonly used keywords for traditional fuzzy techniques in Big Data.	0
Two authors X and Y are connected by a citation in a given time interval if a paper co-authored by X cited at least one paper co-authored by Y.	3
In two journals whose JIFs are ten-fold different, the failure probability is low.	4
From funder public statements and other sources, we can discern the following purposes that funder OA platforms aim to serve: increase OA uptake, control costs of OA, lower administrative burden on researchers (including for post-grant publications), demonstrate commitment to fostering open practices, and increase funder branding of research.	3
Our findings confirmed that adopting a multi-level approach, while considering temporal dimensions in the study of scientific collaboration, can help to understand the interplay between factors of different levels (e.g., individual, community, covariate attributes and network structure levels).	5
The empirical data employed in the analysis mainly comes from OpenAlex, a new and fully open scientific knowledge graph, launched to replace the discontinued Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) (Priem et al., 2022).	2
Scientific collaborations with France and Spain dominate Moroccan water research with 59.5% of all the scientific output when there is a lack of co-operations between Moroccan institutions and Algerian and Tunisian ones on developing efficient works on such research topics.	4
Less than half of journals that rejected our submissions did so because they identified ethical issues such as plagiarism with the manuscript (133 (45.7%)).	4
To conclude, JIF-based and peer review-based rankings are complementary: while WoS has a global reputation and attracts authors who want or need internationally certificated publications, a comparison with the peer review ranking shows that WoS has adequate standards in terms of scholarly publishing when selecting journals for the list.	5
Second, we verify the linear dependency of number of subjects on research budget in a double logarithmic plot.	1
For the classification algorithm achieving the highest accuracy per combination, the single feature (F), the corresponding F1 score as well as accuracies for the three classes c0, c1 and c2 are displayed	0
This study focuses on the volume of editorial articles that have been retracted in the field of biomedicine and the reasons for the retraction.	1
Next, we manually reviewed the contents of the top 100 cited articles.	3
The United States and China are the outstanding NST producers (respectively, 22,534 and 19,883 documents), followed by Japan and Germany (7534 and 7322) (see Supplementary Information, Table S1).	4
A custom mySQL database was used to collate, tidy, and cross-reference the lists based on journal ISSNs.	3
This article analyzes the productivity of economics departments and associate and full professors in Slovakia on the basis of published research.	1
Kirk-Othmer has more citations from journals dealing with polymer science, and Ullmann’s contains slightly more citations from journals dealing with organic chemistry.	4
Several parsing and natural language processing approaches are used, complemented, and validated by qualitative close reading.	3
We collect publication data, including citation relationships, from Thomson Reuters' Web of Science.	2
Table 2 Professional age and mean h-index (standard deviation) for sample of 140 epidemiology faculty	0
Journals with a higher impact factor and larger editorial board were associated with higher chances of editorial board members publishing in their respective journals.	5
One surprising result is that, from a statistical point of view, some authors prefer to submit their results to the international journal more often around the middle of months than in month boundaries.	4
For the citation test, when a term was judged to be statistically significant in year y then the average citation count of all articles from that year matching the term was compared to the average citation count of the remaining articles from the field in that year.	3
For both Scopus and WoS, the σ values are above 95 % in both T?	4
What are the scientific disciplines that have a higher propensity to present some social media activity vs.	1
Only scientometrics deviated from these patterns by being relatively isolated in the cross-citation network and by somewhat neglecting mathematics as a methodological source.	5
Info-Bio and Cogno-Bio had the weakest mutual interdisciplinary relations.	4
6 Number of publications per year with the term “calmodulin” in the title	0
How they will use any such information to inform their assessments.	0
Data for international publication of the universities were obtained from Scopus database for the year from June 2017 to June 2018.	2
A total of 55 journals were included after the removal of duplicates due to category overlap.	2
We conducted regression analysis to explore trends in the number of articles published, the mean IF, and GERD for each country over the 5-year study period and to forecast the number of published articles expected in 2018 (5-year) and 2023 (10-year).	3
W. Melville in the preparation of a brief history of the DSIR,57 but otherwise had no published work.	0
We adjust country-level publication performance only for country population size (i.e., we measure publications per capita).	3
The high-level programming language, Pig [11] was used as a layer on top of MapReduce for near-natural language manipulation of the dataset.	3
The regression models supported the connection between productivity and the nature of collaboration the respondents had in their research endeavours.	5
Based on these criteria, we comprised a comprehensive consensus list of 36 journals for our experiments.	2
The DBLP computer science bibliography, jointly operated by Schloss Dagstuhl and the University of Trier, is a comprehensive open data collection on bibliographic meta data in computer science, hosting more than three million publication records ranging from conference papers to technical reports and theses.	2
After extracting NPL citations for all patents in the dataset (44,087 citations), keyword search was used to exclude the majority of citations to nonjournal publications (e.g.	2
In this article, we seek to contribute to the debate from a broader theoretical perspective, which posits the rankings as fundamental elements in the contest for cultural hegemony on a global scale.	1
Empirical social science journal articles normally consist of six parts: (1) Introduction, (2) Literature review, (3) Methodology, (4) Result, (5) Discussion, and (6) Conclusion.	3
The top prolific institutions are mainly from the UK, Canada, Finland, and Sweden, and Journal of Nursing Management has attracted increasing of attention from researchers around the world.	4
How often do Pakistan's Physical Education and Sports Sciences researchers engage in predatory or bogus publishing practices?	1
relatedness between topic and topic) and the country level (i.e.	1
Group 1 focuses on arguments related to what an indicator measures, Group 2 on the additivity of a counting method, Group 3 on pragmatic reasons for the choice of counting method, and Group 4 on an indicator's influence on the research community or how it is perceived by researchers.	4
The citation index was defined as the mean number of citations per year.	3
These profiles tweeted 877 articles 3653 times, published by researchers linked to UnB.	2
For the cognitive dimension, we used bibliographic data to describe the knowledge base of each individual participant and how it was influenced by the project, following previously established methods (Ràfols, Porter and Leydesdorff et al., 2010).	3
This paper conducted a bibliometric mapping study on OGD scientific research publications based on WOS from six aspects.	3
We also have detailed information on the GiA funding received by each academic in each year.	2
According to the betweenness centrality analysis, Sangwon Suh had the highest betweenness centrality with 28197, followed by Bo P.	4
The table compares journals with open and closed editorial boards (OB's and CB's, respectively).	0
Our results suggest that the effects of these networks are stronger if faculty received training in advanced and mature higher education systems, mostly in prestigious institutions in English-speaking countries.	5
1 School of Data Science, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, Virginia, USA	0
RQ5 What advantages and disadvantages of open access are perceived by editorial staff?	1
All articles published in the JF, JFE, RFS, and JFQA from 1998 to 2009 are identified and their order in each journal issue is determined.	2
Based on our results, researchers in orthodontics should be aware that more than 7 out of 10 unsolicited electronic invitations for article contribution or participation as an editorial board member or reviewer may derive from journals suspicious for publishing malpractices and suboptimal standards.	5
In summary, this study suggests that the use of good decision-making strategies in the research context is associated with greater RCR knowledge, lower moral disengagement, and identifying the United States as one's nation of origin.	5
It is interesting to note that the areas of agricultural sciences and biological sciences are those with the highest mean degree (10.1196 and 8.0488, respectively).	4
The volume and citation impact of papers from sub-Saharan Africa has increased since 2003, as has collaborative research between Europe and sub-Saharan Africa.	5
In essence, the analysis above makes use of two sets of articles, authored by the same scholars.	2
The journal with the highest mean AAS was Aesthetic Surgery Journal (31), followed by Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery (19).	4
The second is a single-choice question with a fixed number of options, presented in the text as a table that lists each single choice and the number and percentage of ECRs who chose the option.	3
On the contrary, Sci-Hub provides free access to more than 90% of research papers from India, as observed for 2016 data.	5
We selected the top 10 journals of each journal impact factor (JIF) quartile as the source of scientific papers (40 journals in total), which aims to identify the representative samples and expand the differences between them.	2
Since libraries purchase or subscribe to scientific journal articles in packages consisting of journal-years, the citation impact of past journal-years needs to be assessed separately from that of recent years.	1
The coverage of the remaining sources was lower than 3 %.	4
The study specifically utilized academic articles sourced from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS) (Durán-Sanchez et al., 2017).	2
Cited references that meet the threshold of at least four citations are considered to be in the co-citation network used in the study.	2
The clustering analysis is executed using Visualization of Similarities (VoS), an evolution of Multidimensional Scaling (MDS) algorithms.	3
Objectives: The aim of the study was to analyse the historical perspective of research literature production regarding application of bibliometrics in medicine.	1
from 23,028 in 2001–05 to 46,887 articles in 2010–15) and +85% as articles per million inhabitants.	4
In total 1,820 usable responses were collected giving an overall response rate of 49.0%.	2
This paper is based on article-level document analysis of three case-study journals published by a long-standing major publisher.	2
In this work, through case studies of three Italian universities, we analyze the efficiency of the product selection that is intended to maximize the universities' scores in the current national research assessment exercise, the results of which will be the basis for assigning an important share of public financing over the coming years.	1
Subsequently, independent samples t-tests were carried out to compare mean scores on gender, and one-way between-groups ANOVA with post-hoc tests were performed to compare mean scores according to the years of experience of the respondent.	3
Over time, however, we first had to admit that questions of a non-technical nature were at stake and that classification and measurement issues are deeply embedded into political concerns, and more largely, into the way society represents and intervenes with higher education and research.	4
As a ranking should ideally correlate the perception of experts and academicians, the DIA model is assessed on a set of 25 out of 39 OR/MS journals ranked by Olson [12] through two surveys of faculty members from the top-25 US business schools in 2000 and 2002.	2
After seven reviewer invitations, there was a substantial drop in the potential of higher citation rates.	4
Coastal upwelling along the coast of California has become more variable than during nearly any period in the past 600 years.	1
By testing the model on various aspects of the Swedish Higher Education sector and presenting the findings together, we aim to demonstrate how a researcher model that enables a flexible approach to the entities under consideration and the data that can be examined can build a comprehensive picture of researcher mobility.	5
This asymmetry suggests that reviewers are more concerned with false positives (i.e., type I errors) than false negatives (i.e., type II errors), as the furnishing of negative information weighs more heavily on reviewers' decisions than positive information of comparative magnitude.	5
We analyzed projects approved in 2020 and 2021 (Program J’s funding year), and based on the data from these two years, conducted research to propose a new project funding distribution scheme.	2
To what extent Chinese inventors rely on domestic science, and how does it compare to the global technological impact of Chinese scientific research?	1
This study combined Latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) and text-net analysis (TNA) as the topic modeling approach for 7,931 articles with approximately 290,000 references in seven top-tier hospitality journals from 1960 to 2019.	2
In summary, our study encompasses three benchmark datasets: Nobel Prize-winning papers, faculty opinion papers, and editorial breakthrough papers.	2
Median quality scores increased over the period analysed (44% to 100%, R=0.77).	4
This work was supported by National Institutes of Health grant SCOR P50 1994 HL073996.	0
The "peak" pattern was further identified as four sub-clusters: "high peak," "moderate peak," "low peak," and "early peak."	4
WoS-Web of Science; NUL-National and University Library in Zagreb; N-number; Mdn-median.	0
The association between topic growth and citations counts has implications for citation normalization.	5
The numerator shows, the share of the patent observations of type i, for each year.	0
There was considerable variability in mean authors per article and change over time between journals, country of origin, language of publication and article type.	4
The National Research Council (NRC) has utilized a measure of reputability (except in the assessment conducted in 2011).	2
The common software library in the open source community is limited in the proportion of all the software libraries according to the reality.	5
In contrast, this paper proposes a new MPA framework from the perspective of citation structure and content.	1
The names of all graduates in the GW CTR SC since its inception in 2009 were collected from the Offices of Professional Enrichment and Student Affairs (n=335), and a similar sample of GW medical graduates who elected no SC in the same years was collected (n=335).	2
The final period of data collection was three years after each tweet, with final data collection ending on 16 April 2023, and consisted of Altmetric score, number of tweeters, number of citations from Google Scholar, and number of citations from Web of Science.	3
This carefulness may help explain the success of mathematical practice in spite of the common practice of using just one referee.	5
From WoS and Scopus, we retrieved data of each relevant researcher's articles and reviews with a publication date of 2008 to 2017.	2
For all OPR and non-OPR papers published in both 2016 and 2017, there is no significant difference in the number of citations in 3 years from the year of publication (p < .05).	4
Based on the extrapolation, we constructed a panel data on medical service price levels of 31 regions from 2015 to 2023.	3
With this study, we have detected that research papers on CPB were less than we expected in the literature, because first CPBs’ application for carotid endarterectomy was in 1966, for thyroid gland surgery was in 1970, and applications for analgesia was in the 1950s.	5
Table 5 shows that “PLE” was cited most by articles from 31 disciplines.	4
6, we can see competition, innovation, two-sided market, model and performance are the central nodes (which is also high-frequency keywords in Table 10), while video games, peer to peer lending, crowdfunding, sharing economy, consumer satisfaction and value cocreation are the fringe nodes.	4
Each offer title was manually searched in Google, Google Scholar or Scopus.	3
The findings of all the models evidence the importance of collaborations for academic performance.	5
This study characterizes the elements associated with high academic productivity in these centers.	1
In order to discover the causes of the impact factor discrepancy, we took the two-step approach of first determining where the number differences came from and then trying to ascertain why the counts were different.	3
Every item was screened according to the following inclusion criteria: (a) items related to the field of Orthodontics; (b) original articles, reviews, case series, and guidelines.	2
Inquiring the development team of MA on this issue, they explained that the number of linked references per publication that can be retrieved via the AK API is limited to 50 in order to keep the API performant (A.	4
Chi-square or Wilcoxon rank-sum tests were used to test for differences in bibliographic measures or demographics between groups.	3
The author and research team (Karin Tusting, David Barton, Ibrar Bhatt, and Mary Hamilton) would like to thank all those who participated in the research and gave their time so generously.	0
Normalized versions of centrality (degree, closeness and betweenness) within the largest interconnected component were calculated using UCINET VI.	3
Citations counts to all works published in DB are available on the ISI electronic venue on the Web of Science for the period 1979–present.	2
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
Source all data in these and subsequent graphs are derived from JSTOR.	0
Eventually, the ground truth resulted from the analysis of 161 papers containing 1679 nucleotide sequences annotated by at least one expert (JAB, RAW, or Natalie Grima).	2
We collated data from the academic files of the 340 CRTP participants in 2014.	2
On the output side, both number of publications and mean normalized citation impact (MNCS) are used as indicators.	3
The performance is almost identical on the Health dataset and the Twitter dataset.	0
We compiled data on grants and their publications from four major biomedical research funders.	2
Below we give a concise description of the content analytic methods and emphasize the longitudinal ones.	0
This journal is published by the University Library System of the University of Pittsburgh as part of its D-Scribe Digital Publishing Program and is cosponsored by the University of Pittsburgh Press.	0
These results suggest that research evaluation policy in low and middle-income countries should consider assigning greater value to non-mainstream journals given their role in bridging and disseminating potentially useful and novel knowledge.	5
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 59(10):1653–1661, 2008	0
Disclaimer: The views expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, the Department of Defense, or the U.S.	0
Journals that appear in the beginning of the ranking list delivered to survey respondents consistently receive higher scores than journals at the end of the list.	4
The variegation of digital humanities stems from their disciplinary and institutional diversity and from their sundry engagements with information technology (Svensson, 2010).	0
Because of this ordinal nature of our dependent variable, we utilize an ordered logit model, an appropriate model choice when the dependent variable is categorical (Amemiya 1981).	3
The Chinese government initiated a policy of 'corporatization of cultural entities' in 2003.	1
All articles published in these journals between 2007 and 2016 were identified on 18 July 2017.	2
This paper takes data from a large department in which 23 senior staff rated the outputs from 42 academics.	1
In addition, a map of keyword co-occurrences in the articles was constructed to visualize the conceptual structure of the analyzed research field (Courtial et al.	3
This study establishes that attitude is a major predictor of the intention to publish OA (H1), which is in line with previous OA research employing attitude-type constructs (e.g.	5
The aim of the present paper is to analyze the evolution of scientific collaboration at the micro level, with regard to the scientific production generated on psoriasis research.	1
In general, we suggest that one size does not fit all, and that research incentives and evaluation mechanisms should aim for approaches that support open, ethical, equitable, autonomous, and generous research cultures.	5
In this study, we also used social network analysis (SNA)—a proven method of understanding scientific collaboration networks (Otte and Rousseau 2017; Marin and Barry 2002) to understand collaborative research connection related to U.S. (MSU) with other countries, and the patterns formed by these relations.	3
The objective is to fill a gap by systematizing the challenges of interdisciplinary and transdisciplinary knowledge production, focusing on institutionalization processes and cultural transformations (Vienni, 2016a, b, c).	1
The model fit of the four-factor model was good; it explains 95.2% of the total variance, and the differences between observed and implied correlations were smaller than 0.05 for the most part (95%).	4
In this article, we propose to demonstrate that the interest of analyzing scientific deviance lies not so much in identifying the original sources of the disease, as in what these behaviors, and the ensuing reactions, reveal about the functioning of the scientific field.	1
The impact factor of Current Science had an overall increasing trend and placed the journal in the quartile Q2 within ‘Multidisciplinary sciences' category.	4
In the end, journals were identified from six main sources: HighWire Press, PMC, Elsevier, the Wikipedia page for delayed OA journals, delay OA journals discovered during a previous study (Bj?rk et al., 2010), and additional individual journals known to the authors.	3
The current paper takes the approach of word co-occurrence analysis to define the research field of “marine biodiversity”.	3
The empirical analysis of 117 Nobel laureates in Physics shows that they have a similar research pattern, that is, they tend to explore 2 to 3 topics alternately in different periods, but they usually identify the core research topics early and mainly focus on exploiting them throughout their careers, and other non-Prize-winning topics they explore are often related in some way to the Prize-winning ones.	4
Section 2 reviews the existing literature on academic mobility and career advancement followed by our hypotheses for testing.	0
We analyzed 12,010,102 Web of Science papers and examined how inter-organizational diversity is associated with the relationship of team size with disruption and citations.	1
As a result, 10,929 citations were coded, comprising 2211 citations extracted from Brazilian Journalism Research, 4710 citations from Vestnik Moskovskogo Universiteta.	2
Based on the overall findings, it can be presumed that scientific and technological knowledge has been produced in parallel with the major emphasis of S&T policy.	5
Now it is difficult within the limits of a short address to guard against all possible misunderstanding, yet I think Dr.	0
What is the relationship between R&D expenditures and the volume of knowledge production operationalized by the number of citations?	1
Regarding the first data source, we collected a panel dataset containing metadata for 36,202 research articles.	2
For all co-authorship sharing problems, Φi(v1) = Φi(v2) = Φi(v3) = yEW.	4
Our study aims to establish whether author affiliations can be validated and if there is evidence of misrepresentation from authors who report multiple institutional affiliations.	1
Roughly one-third of the JCSM projects involved a Swedish partner who was originally from China.	4
By combining the rankings provided in these studies, we identified the following 11 journals as being representative of the most visible and highly regarded journals that publish OM-related research: Decision Sciences (DS), European Journal of Operations Research (EJOR), Institute of Industrial Engineering Transactions (IIE), IJOPM, International Journal of Production Research (IJPR), JOM, Management Science (MS), MSOM, Naval Research Logistics (NRL), Operations Research (OR) and POM.	2
The comparably small amount of research articles directly addressing the SDGs available in the databases WoS and Scopus shows that many authors do not yet link their research to the goals.	5
In order to gain an in-depth understanding of how scientists use journals, it is becoming important to also study the journals they publish in and whether usage and publications correlate.	1
The selected seven h-type indices and one proposed index (h-cpp) fall under three designed categories (modified, h-core dependent, h-core independent).	3
RQ2: Which is the SSCI-indexed journal that cited this hijacked journal the most?	1
Data extraction process was carried out during July 2013.	2
This study uses bibliometric data to assess the performance of educational research in Australian universities.	1
In order to better understand the relationship between researcher profile and the probability of finding predatory publications, we estimated a generalized linear model (GLM) with fixed effects for the field of science, using each method of identifying predatory publications discussed in the previous section.	3
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
The bibliometric data set used to measure PR is extracted from the Italian Observatory of Public Research (ORP), a database developed and maintained by us and derived under license from the Thomson–Reuters WoS.	2
Details can be found from the website of South Africa Journals Database, https://bit.ly/2CmQRyt.	0
OA APC quantitative and qualitative data was gathered by members of the research team (one team member per publisher) from publisher websites during the census period of 15–31 May 2014.	3
Conflict of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
The citation-based performance and degree centrality exhibited a power-law correlation with a scaling exponent of 1.22 ± 0.04.	4
Earlier bibliometric studies have tended to downplay the amount of practice-oriented research, and thus also to underestimate the impact of researchers involved with such questions.	5
Similar to Carli, Tagliaventi, and Cutolo (2019), we gauged academic excellence in terms of publications in the top 5%, and 10% of the most-cited journals indexed by Scopus (referred to as articles_top 5% journals and articles_top 10% journals, respectively).	3
Are decision trees a feasible technique to characterize the most prolific reviewers according to their personal features (i.e.	1
Our study contributes to the innovation and knowledge research.	5
The goodness-of-fit statistics for the IRT assuming a single dimension were satisfactory when four items were removed, resulting in 14 items of the final PPQ.	4
A set of selection processes that took place between 2007 and 2011 for Associado and Catedrático Professor at the universities of Porto, Lisbon, Technical University of Lisbon, New University of Lisbon, Coimbra and Minho was used in this study.	2
The analysis of the publication time of the papers provided statistically significant differences t(881.080) = -20.675, p < .001, monographic special issues being the articles published more readily (X = 138.48; SD = 81.94; N = 232) compared to non-monographs (X = 313.75; SD = 188.18; N = 825).	4
The hierarchical nature of the model is identical to that in Analysis 1.	0
To this end, this study develops a deep learning approach for scientometric analysis and classification of scientific literature based on convolutional neural network (CNN), aiming at dual-label classification of literature based on research content and method.	1
We found that reciprocity, trust and accountability are normally considered the most essential prerequisites for research collaboration.	5
Thus, the 3,398 theses and dissertations examined resulted in a total of 1,610 peer-reviewed research articles in 361 different journals.	2
The collaboration networks of the six disciplines in business fields all have obvious core-periphery structure; the small-world phenomenon exists in the collaboration networks of business administration and information science.	4
In this paper we have used a recently introduced measurement framework – the IDCP method – with two purposes: (i) to estimate the effect on citation inequality of differences in citation practices across sub-fields when using raw citation numbers, and (ii) to assess the effectiveness of six normalization procedures for reducing this effect.	1
The scale and tenure of universities differentiated them in terms of institutional size and performance variables.	4
For collaboration to be successful, potential collaborators need to offer different and complementary capital while supporting the dominant institutions that drew from the normative and cultural-cognitive pillars of all potential collaborators.	4
the ivory tower (highly autonomous but without the need to share resources).	4
The create citation report function was used to generate an h-index through WoS.	3
Presentation Status: Presented as a Poster Presentation at The Combined Otolaryngology Spring Meetings; Boston, MA USA; May 3–7, 2023.	0
I here focus on the information contained in the new indicators.	0
According to our results, HIV research productivity differs significantly across the European countries, being substantially higher in the majority of the old EU countries (pre 2004) in Western and Northern Europe than in the new members (since 2004), mostly from Central and Eastern Europe.	5
Does academic engagement with industry impact the research performance reflected by the quantity and quality of early career scientists?	1
The 200 fields included roughly 39,525 professors that were on faculty for at least three years over the 2006–2010 period, who produced almost 200,000 WoS-listed publications.	2
A qualitative cross-sectional questionnaire was designed and developed using Fluid Survey and electronically distributed to nursing faculty and instructors at the University of Saskatchewan, Saskatchewan Polytechnic, and University of Regina, which were the only 3 institutions in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, that offered various certificate and degree programs in nursing.	3
We observed that the US has been facing a gradual decline in upholding cumulativeness for this field, while China has been aggressive in catching up with the US since the mid-2000s.	4
This research principally suggests that internet access does not necessarily play a significant role in aiding and abetting students' plagiarism behavior.	5
Of the 100 articles, 72 were original articles and 28 were review articles.	4
Finally, 996 papers were selected for the final data sample after excluding 133 papers without author affiliations or address information.	2
We perform a robust archetypal analysis (RAA) to identify types of scientists based on their contributorships (Eugster and Leisch, 2011).	3
1c), with a constant C = 0.30 (r2 = 0.85, p = 0.59).	4
Data were analyzed from static and comparative perspectives.	3
By applying the above retrieval rules, 23,458 primary pieces of literature were obtained.	2
To conduct the new ranking approach, this study considered H&T journals indexed in the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI), Emerging Citation Index, and Google Scholar's journal metrics (h5-index).	2
Key findings include the increasing publication rates signifying the method's growing acceptance and the pivotal role of countries like China and Italy in influencing the research trajectory.	4
Ethical approval: The Johns Hopkins School of Medicine's institutional review board approved this study.	0
Thanks also to Dorothy Johanning for assistance with summarizing relevant data from EEB annual reports.	0
Scott Long, Indiana University, Department of Sociology, 744 Ballantine Hall, Bloomington, IN 47405; e-mail: jslong@ucs.indiana.edu.	0
Examining the top cited articles in the field of sentinel lymph node imaging (SLNI) helps clinicians and clinical researchers to conveniently identify the most influential literature.	5
List of h index variants included in the meta-analysis, categorized by proposed advantages over the h index (see here).	0
AC = average citations per year; PY = publication year, TC = total citations.	0
Until now, there is no in-depth scientometric analysis on this issue that encompasses the interval between 1963 and 2014.	1
As an illustrative example, high voltage direct current transmission system (HVDC) is selected.	0
We began our work with Study 1 (our citation-based study) with the intention of using its results to help determine the subset of journals to include in Study 2 (our opinion-based study).	2
Our research findings indicate a high consistency between confidence scores and the expression of review texts at the word, sentence, and aspect levels.	5
In Study 6 we examined Hartley's output to see if it was maintained over the years or whether or not there were changes in this respect.	3
We performed linear regression, mixed-effect linear regression, and mixed-effect linear regression of log-transformed citation counts.	3
The fact that the retitled translations have appeared about a year after the originals is not taken into consideration.	0
To remedy this, we conducted a second interview series (2019), drawing again from the membership pool of the NAV.	2
There are additional possibilities for future research that stem from our work.	0
The four least-cited articles (ignoring letters, notes, and book reviews so best I can) have citations totals of 6, 5, 3, 2.	2
The measures of the quality of the factor score estimates were as follows: factor determinacy index, 0.987; expected a posteriori marginal reliability, 0.974; sensitivity ratio, 6.178; and expected percentage of true differences, 97.3%.	4
The results revealed that, although practitioners were not the main knowledge contributors, the academic impact of articles by practitioners was not significantly lower than that of articles by academics.	4
To answer this question, we study the careers and productivity of 3075 medical school graduates who applied to the Associate Training Programs (ATP) of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) during the turbulent period of the Vietnam War, 1965-1975.	2
Our analysis revealed that the majority of the top 100 most cited papers were published between 1996 and 2000 and between 2006 and 2010.	5
top 25 per cent) was analysed separately based on additional characteristics.	2
Using multiple statistical and visualization techniques, we explore scientists' behaviors associated with scholarly works, which could help us better understand their information needs, and provide clues about how different types of scholarly information are valued.	1
Shashok for improving the use of English in the manuscript and for suggestions about the content and two anonymous referees for their suggestions.	0
There were 2900 publications that included 2542 (87.7%) original research articles, while 5.3% were reviews and 4.6% letters.	2
The stages of analysis in this research covers identification, evaluation and interpretation of indicators of each rating system then compared to generate indicators that are related to the national interest and international trend.	3
To tackle this measurement issue, we built upon prior scientometric research (Mangematin & Baden-Fuller, 2008) and developed a metric of research visibility based on institutions' publications in the top 150 journals in the InCites Journal Citations Reports, produced in the period 2007–2012.	3
The study was approved by the authors’ university institutional review board.	0
Across these disciplines the literature speaks to the six topic areas listed above and five core issues emerge.	0
It is particularly useful when calculated for the most recent 10-year and 5-year periods.	5
Each article was classified according to the geographical location of the authors as indicated by the location of their main institution of affiliation.	3
Do excellent scientists have similar types of research productivity?	1
Since Van Dalen (1999) identified those seminal publications for all laureates up to the year 1998, the current study extends the identification of landmark pieces of work of Nobel-winning economists up to the year 2019.	2
We use hypothesis tests to compare patterns of mobility at different career stages in terms of the duration of mobility instances and whether these are associated with job changes.	3
This study investigated the perceptions and factors that researchers had about Open Access (OA) publishing, specifically how it affected their decision to publish or not.	1
We utilized a co-occurrence analysis approach (Small and Griffith 1974) to explore the co-occurrence relationships between disciplines.	3
The objective is to understand, quantitatively, whether the relationship between collaboration and impact has been static across the century.	1
Received: 18 August 2022 / Accepted: 7 April 2023 / Published online: 12 April 2023	0
To determine the representation of languages, searches were done on all IRs using each of the 11 official languages in South Africa as a search term.	3
we conducted a linear regression of the mean FNCR on the importance measures of the four criteria.	3
To build our dataset, we defined an extraction process composed of three phases: (1) conference selector, (2) graph generator and (3) metric calculator.	3
Our study reveals the challenges faced by interdisciplinary research in the peer review process by Faculty Opinions, highlighting critical insights and suggesting vital improvements for evaluating interdisciplinary work.	5
All networking countries related to Wroc?aw were visualized by the use of vector techniques.	3
List-building involves actors ascribing values to journals based on a set of evaluative criteria, organizing the ingredients to make and share the list, and establishing it as an authoritative evaluation resource, creating what Fochler has called a “regime of valuation” (Fochler, 2016; Fochler et al., 2016).	3
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
To study the effect of proximity on collaboration, we first present fixed-effect estimates that exploit variation in the location of researchers across buildings over time.	3
The data gathered from the Scopus database was processed using the data management software program, SPSS, and Excel spreadsheets.	3
His most recent empirical and theoretical publications underscore the importance of the conservative impulse in science, politics and other domains.	0
This research analyzes information from AAG and CCG conferences using co-word analysis (Callon et al.	3
Based on a comprehensive study of research collaboration and mobility of researchers this paper discusses possible traces of methodological nationalism in comparative studies of research performance.	1
Then, for this Benchmark scenario, the scholarly journal solves for the optimal value of the standard of quality Qb to maximize the journal's net profit:	3
Using ERGMs we analyze a co-authorship network of actively publishing mid-career criminologists.	1
The result indicates a negative correlation between inbreeding at the department level and scientific productivity, and this seems to be explained by the selection for promotion and employment.	5
The probability of increased free-riding is of course an expected outcome of such a system.	5
We mainly experiment with K-Means because it is a simple and highly scalable clustering method which directly operate on the vectorial representations of the articles.	3
Citation classics in DB represent a variety of topical areas in deviance, but with special attention paid to sexual and juvenile deviance.	5
The perfect storm created by the convergence of millennial values and the pandemic have just fast-forwarded the cracking process, heralding changes for the better yet to come.	5
Here we examine altmetric data linked to nearly 10,000 papers published in 23 conservation journals, exploring five issues that represent some of the challenges associated with using social media data in evaluating conservation.	1
most productive centers) were performed by means of the t-test in continuous symmetric variables, Mann-Whitney U-Test in continuous skewed variables or the chi-squared test in categorical variables.	3
Output has grown steadily for several decades and continues to grow.	4
However, if we limit this to the final research papers (excluding announcements, book reviews, proposals for funding, and observing time, obituaries, etc.), the fractions are 1.4% and 1.5%, respectively.	4
In order to apply our model to the IER case, we have collected all the information, not only data of the organizational structure of each year but also the following bibliometrical measures we calculated previously Jiménez-Andrade et al.: the productivity of the institutional faculty (annual average of articles per researcher), and the institutional multidisciplinarity (using a thematic dispersion index) [18].	2
Furthermore, the analysis revealed four inequalities that emerge in the application of criteria and reflect on disciplinary differences between the Natural and Social Sciences.	4
This paper empirically establishes that a scholar's publications are more likely to be cited by papers in a journal that is edited by the scholar.	1
Apart from using the bibliometric analysis techniques, we also carried out the exploratory analysis of the data from the perspective of various well-known bibliometrics laws such as Price's law [49], Zipf law [50], and Bradford Law of Scatter [51].	3
In short, they did not have teams of qualified volunteers seeking service opportunities and facilitating editorial succession, as official association publications would.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 64(3):640–643, 2013	0
It also attempts to determine the gender dimension of MSU's research focus on Africa.	1
MAATrica utilizes SciWalker Studio (SWS) [34] as semantic search engine.	3
The research instrument included a checklist by Olsina et al.	3
Scientific journal publications, and their contributions to knowledge, can be described by their depth (specialized, domain-specific knowledge extensions) and breadth (topical scope, including spanning multiple knowledge domains).	1
The results demonstrate that, over generations, a minimum of four publications within their ten years become necessary to decrease dropout rates, accompanied by a gradual reduction in gender differences.	4
A logical proposal is to set a fixed percent (about 30%) that when surpassed would be marked.	5
After reaching agreement through discussion among the authors, 105 CS terms were labeled from the shared keywords (Appendix C).	4
The Sankey diagram in Figure 14 illustrates the relationships between keywords (left), authors (center), and journals (right) in a three-dimensional manner.	3
From 1995 to 2005 the relative number of monograph references dropped by 31.6%, while the relative number of journal references rose by 44.4%.	4
In other words, it seems worthwhile to investigate whether co-classification analysis at the level of the database can provide us with an angle for mapping the intellectual organi- zation of the patents.	0
IF, sum of the Impact factor of the journals in which articles authored by a scholar are published; the Impact factor of a journal has been divided by the median of all journals' Impact factors in the same subject category.	2
Our invoicing data analysis found that most APCs were invoiced to the author (n = 41,725; 58.2%).	5
We attempt to apply Zipf's law of Scientometrics [29] to make a profound analysis and theoretical explanation.	3
Baseline data collected included year of entry to specialist register, academic position and award of higher degree.	2
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 29 times since 2006*	0
The constant component of the elasticity (which corresponds to c1.0 in specification (13)) yields a value for y close to 0.184, which is consistent with estimates in the literature (Gechert et al., 2022) and implies gross complementarity between labor and capital.	4
The results of the random-effects Negative Binomial and Poisson models are similar to those of the fixed-effects models and are available upon request from the authors.	0
The contextual driver with the greatest weight on likelihood of collaborating with industry is the presence of peers who themselves share a high propensity to collaboration.	5
Annual citations decreased from 108 in 2009 to 18 in 2014; however, the percentage of publications correctly indicating the retraction status also declined.	4
We present results of a large-scale study of potentially predatory journals (PPJ) represented in the Scopus database, which is widely used for research evaluation.	1
Furthermore, the use of this indicator may be a useful tool to evaluate the research performance of authors, research groups or fields with low citation behavior.	5
We judged eligibility and extracted data about authorship, funding, and COI in duplicate and independently.	3
Besides, it was established that a high JIF, placing a law journal in Q1 of the WoS ranking, does not automatically classify the latter as the world's leading law journal according to expert judgment.	4
Endorsed lists of “good journals” are based on criteria valued in research policy, reflecting the distinctive administrative logic of state-led Chinese research and publishing policy, ascribing worth to scientific journals for its specific national and institutional needs.	4
The institution associated with the largest numbers of sleep medicine citation classics was Stanford University (11 articles).	4
The averages among non-tenure track faculty and faculty at non-PhD-granting universities are statistically indistinguishable (2.5–3 reviews per year).	4
Using Gephi social network analysis software [38], the measurement index values of countries in the international collaboration network are obtained based on the co-occurrence of countries (see Table 6).	3
Average received citations per paper (CpP) of the non-English journal(s) are compared with the CpP of pure English journals, and this in the same subfield.	3
The rate of international collaboration is, however, not very high and most of the publications in the journal are from India.	4
Contrary to a general proliferation of international and global trends in higher education, the results of the analysis most importantly reveal a relatively steady state of international comparative higher education research over the past 20 years.	4
We focus our analyses on psychologists hired full time in psychology departments of Romanian universities.	2
Received February 20, 2012; revised April 18, 2012; accepted May 8, 2012	0
At the accumulated level (aggregating the values of the 76 universities), the internal page count (10,638,205) accounts for 51.16% of the general accumulated page count (20,794,776), whereas the accumulated internal visibility (2,322,631) accounts for only 22.25% of the accumulated figure at the general level (10,437,067).	4
By extension, the evaluation results demonstrate the potential of the proposed method to help scientists and decision makers to triage key information out of the torrent of scientific studies from the COVID-19 pandemic.	5
Furthermore, the analyses were restricted to the publication year 2015 and citations were counted from 2015 to March 2021, which gives a citation window of at least five full years.	2
The hierarchical clustering analysis was implemented using SPSS and VOSviewer.	3
Before discussing the specific journal clusters obtained, we will describe the statistical characteristics of the initial and intermediate files (see Table 1).	0
The relationship between academic inbreeding and research productivity is just one aspect of the broader debate around academic inbreeding.	5
We performed a two-way mixed design ANOVA for four disciplines × three measure times.	3
While in terms of Method II, although the number of core nodes also increases with expanding time spans, the ‘old' core nodes do not necessarily stay.	4
The development of EM was non-inferior to the other specialties over the past two decades.	5
The cornerstone of this is a thorough analysis of data regarding submissions, review and citations for Royal Society of Chemistry journals from January 2014 until July 2018, since the number and impact of publications and citations are an important factor when seeking research funding and for the progression of academic career.	1
We excluded all publications that were not either original research or review articles as categorized by Web of Science.	2
The second purpose of this study was to explore the knowledge domain of psychological research published during 2020 and 2021.	5
The purpose of this paper was to assess the presence of researchers on two author identifier services (ORCID and ResearcherID) and to compare the results with two academic social networks (Academia.edu and ResearchGate) using the categories of discipline, career advancement, and gender in a medium sized multidisciplinary university in France (University of Caen Normandy).	1
According to this model, the institution is represented by a network in which each node represents a researcher characterized by two state variables that co-evolve in a collaboration network with links describing collaboration between researchers.	3
The co-occurrence matrix (as shown in Table 3) was further processed for a network analysis and visualization in VosViewer (v.1.5.4) to create a network map.	3
We focus on measures of consumer response to the ordering of economics papers in an email announcement issued by the National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER).	1
Total Altmetric scores were nine times higher in 2016 compared to 2013, with news outlets and Twitter seeing large increases in mentions.	4
Experiment 2: we deployed text matching using only the keyword “Learning Analytics" (LA) and matched the title and the abstract of the publications for similarity.	3
Based on this analysis, research authorities that want to increase the return from EU FPs should focus on involving their large and well-established firms in grants applications.	5
The case considers 769 average scores obtained in the 14 research and teaching areas recognized in the Italian system, by 93 public and private universities.	2
Specifically, the main research questions of this article are as follows:	1
A systematic review allowed the identification of 24 tools, aimed at assessing the quality of peer-review reports.	3
School of Computing and Information Technology, University of Wolverhampton, Wulfruna Street, Wolverhampton WV1 1SB, United Kingdom.	0
The example of JFM demonstrates how article inclusion criteria can influence the computation of bibliometric indicators in a major way by affecting both the publication count and citation count just as the coverage of journals can.	5
Scientific production has increased over the years in Mexico despite its low investment and the small number of researchers per million inhabitants.	5
Here, the results lie those between January 1, 2010, to November 30, 2020, have been mined.	2
This article focuses only on five university libraries with the understanding that they were the only universities on the Directory of Open Access Repositories, authoritative international registries of repositories that provide data on the number of registered Institutional Repositories throughout the world.	1
OBJECTIVES: SIGAPS is a bibliometric software tool developed in France to identify and analyse Medline-indexed publications produced by researchers.	1
Only 27% of respondents felt the level of training offered was sufficient.	4
According to the total citations per article, the University of Pittsburgh, Harvard University, and the Hospital for Special Surgery were the most prolific institutions.	4
This study determines that attitude is the strongest predictor of the intention to publish OA, followed by injunctive and descriptive social norms, and PBC capacity and autonomy.	4
Means and 95% confidence intervals for student and faculty indicators inside and outside RUEI.	0
Instead of repeating them below, we will refer to them as the “standard examples”.	0
Utilizing Scott and Lyman's theory (1968), we categorized the neutralization techniques utilized by ghostwriting websites to mitigate stigmas.	3
In 2008, 1,232 competitions for associate professorships were announced by a total of 74 universities.	2
This article is not aimed at communicating the totality of life in a particular laboratory (for example, Knorr-Cetina, 1999; Traweek, 1992).	0
Spearman's rank correlation coefficient can be used to determine the correlation between these indices.	3
The 23 high-impact finance journals include five elite finance journals, nine second tier journals established prior to 1990, and nine second tier journals established in 1990 or thereafter.	2
Moreover, top-ranked scientists distinguish themselves from their peers by a higher RPC in the first year and a greater growth rate during their careers.	4
We identified a range of characteristics that were constant over time that can be translated into persistent dynamic features in those research environments pursuing and producing high-quality research.	4
The rate is much lower in engineering or computer science.	5
For citation outcomes, I also dispense with comparison articles and obtain estimates using a regression discontinuity design (RD), where time (measured at a monthly frequency) is the running variable and April 2008 is the cutoff after which NIH articles must be submitted to PubMed Central.	3
The UNISIST models are tentatively applied to the domain of art history at three stages, respectively two modern, partially overlapping domains, as well as an outline of an art historical domain anno c1820.	3
We used our results to optimize subscribed periodical items.	5
In addition, biomedical journals without an IF were identified from the National Centre for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) database.	2
The weighted citation index (WCI) was defined as the ratio between the number of citations and the citation time window (no.	3
The QAP is a unique method of measuring relationships in relational data.	3
time being we may broadly regard “quantity” as amount of total research output and “quality” as the productivity/ impact of research output.	0
For this study, a series of analyses were performed using two software tools, i.e., VOSviewer (Van Eck and Waltman 2010) and the bibliometrix R-package (Aria and Cuccurullo 2017).	3
The purpose of this paper is to explore the current research trends in Knowledge Management (KM) through a scientometric analysis of all literature published in KMRP between 2003 and 2015 (506 articles).	1
Findings showed that the Colombian scientific elite has a broader agenda than indexing titles in internationally renowned bibliographic databases.	4
In addition, for internal purposes, DIGITAL.CSIC administrators make use of Google Analytics to complete the picture.	3
(2) How does the female contribution in a team influence its publication's disruptive performance?	1
For the selection of multiple metrics, we investigated the presence and coverage of different kinds of online metrics, with a particular focus on their correlations with traditional citation-based metrics.	1
In Google Scholar, as opposed to traditional bibliographic databases (Web of Science, Scopus) and library catalogues, documents are sorted by relevance and not by their publication date.	5
We used confirmatory factor analysis to determine that there are two major dimensions of behavior in the professional network.	3
Summing up, we introduced a two-dimensional graphical mapping with an emphasis on research profiles of public universities.	5
The above lemma is not true if g is not decreasing.	0
Using the 2022 Best Public Health Schools ranking (U.S.	2
Killian is assistant vice president, Office of Information Resources, Association of American Medical Colleges.	0
The findings suggest that augmenting the information base with qualitative data helps toward a more comprehensive understanding of science, technology and innovation (ST&I) dynamics.	5
Since 2004, the overall quantity of publications for Scandinavian countries has been consistently higher than for Germany and the Netherlands.	4
The data, though representative of a smaller sample size, indicated diversity in the use of sources with no clear core distinguishable, mirroring macroscopic trends in English literary scholarship.	4
For each of the eligible board members, one of the authors (MS) searched the Scopus database to identify their paper with the highest citation count between January 2006 and 23rd April 2018 (last update).	3
Geographically, the survey respondents were mainly from Asia (40.84%) and Africa (33.33%).	4
The h-index was strongly correlated with the academic rank of these pediatric dental faculty members, suggesting that this index may be considered a measure for promotion, along with a faculty member's quality and quantity of research, teaching, service, and clinical activities.	5
Taken all together, the different performances of three citation-based indicators in three disciplines suggest that researchers hold discrepant views on total citations, h-index, and citations per publication, in that chemists are more likely to accept the value of citations per publication, mathematicians pay more attention to h-index, and physicists focus more on total citations.	5
Cooperation rate and cooperation degree are the two frequently used indicators in the study of academic cooperation (Ronda-Pupo and Guerras-Martín, 2010).	3
Our results on selection and funding of agricultural research activities of the ERR support the notion that scientific merit is a prime factor explaining selection and funding amount of agricultural research proposals.	5
Third, based on the collaboration frequency and distribution between scholars of different academic ages, we observe an obvious homophily phenomenon in scientific collaborations.	4
The journal PLoS One was found to have published the most papers from China.	4
Like Bar-Ilan (2010) we use matches of the document titles to identify duplicate publications.	3
The Percentile Rank Index was calculated using the formula: PRI=(NP-R+1)/N*100	3
Echoing Margolis's anticipation, in this study, we leverage the potential of early citation networks to investigate the knowledge structures of scientific breakthroughs and find metrics useful for predicting such breakthroughs, which is one of the many facets of tech mining.	5
Palabras clave: retractación, plagio, faltas en la conducta de investigación, citación	0
We used the World Bank's Country and Lending Group classification2 to classify countries in terms of their income levels.	3
No licence type is dominant, with the most popular being the Apache license 2.0 (Table 5).	4
The year-on-year comparisons presented in this study use relative data (annual percentages of OA publishing).	1
However, the number of BSR papers published during training decreased significantly (1.7 versus 0.8 first-author papers per 10 y of training, P<0.0001).	4
Our findings indicate a systematic decline in impacts from the proposal stage to the conclusion of the funding period.	5
Vietnamese scholars had the most international collaboration with the USA, followed by Germany and Japan.	4
We show that the two topics follow two different patterns of emergence – one where topic is not focused but then grows explosively, and one in which the topic quickly becomes an area of focus and grows steadily.	4
The most common clusters related to the thematic area of thermal tolerance are oxygen consumption and heat shock protein, with climate change and temperature being one of the most popular keywords.	4
We propose a collaborative team recognition (CORE) model with a "core + extension" team structure to recognize collaborative teams in large academic networks.	1
Citation context analysis uses content analysis and focuses on extracting two types of data from citing papers, based on the text surrounding the in-text citation: citation functions and cited concepts (Small 1982).	3
The community of highly cited authors undoubtedly constitutes an influential scientific elite whose impact is commensurate to the interest aroused by their publications.	5
These numbers suggest that the data model has more impact on the solution than the algorithm chosen because OCLC-31 and OCLC-Louvain have the second highest value in terms of agreement with each other (the highest agreement is between CWTS-C5 and UMSI0, which also use the same data model).	4
datasets (Science Citation Index Expanded?, Social Sciences Citation Index?, and Arts & Humanities Citation Index?).	2
For all cohorts bar the first, the Matthew effect is observed.	4
Results show that the growth rate of LIS faculty members is linearly distributed.	4
The analysis showed that the field of earth sciences had the highest number of publications on groundwater access and management (358), followed by the environmental sciences (155).	4
Searches for Scopus and the Web of Science were therefore conducted in their native interfaces, exported and subsequently imported into Publish or Perish to allow for calculation of the various citation metrics.	3
Certain data included in this paper are derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI), the Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI), and the Index to Social Sciences & Humanities Proceedings (ISSHP) (all updated June 2010) prepared by Thomson Reuters (Scientific) Inc.	0
Over the sixteen-year period, citations to both encyclopedias have doubled from 943 to 1876 peer-reviewed articles.	4
As shown, the lower left-hand cluster (shown as plus signs) is bounded by fact-breadth=1-5, and fact-depth=1-3.	0
This Scientometric study aimed to provide state-of-the-art information on research growth and trends, areas of potential growth and development in genomics in India, and identify the key players (organizations or institutions, and funding agencies).	1
In the psychological sciences, the American Psychological Association (APA) publication manual (American Psychological Association, 2019) represents the leading guideline for preparing manuscripts.	2
First, academic achievement related to international journal publications continued to increase significantly over the study period.	5
Ai-Yuan Liu and Shi-Ying Li have contributed equally to this work.	0
Although we center our attention in the Andalusian HEI system in this study, we have used data of all the Spanish public universities to derive the reference levels.	2
In this paper, we will model the semantic structures of science using phylomemy reconstruction a method proposed by Chavalarias and Cointet [15] we are now extending to make it both more accurate and naturally multi-level and multi-scale.	1
However, there has been little study of the scientific collaboration network in the industrial ecology (IE) research domain and community.	1
As these results indicated, the best model (Model 5) included five significant predictors (AdvV, LS2, CN/T, NDW-50, and VP/T) and accounted for 5.3% of the total variance of NAASs.	4
Data were collected from the Web of Science (WoS) database on 17 May 2023.	2
The two models of value creation and value extraction, while functioning on different bases, share some common grounds, and in particular they both rest on the active and ongoing management of assets.	4
Then, we analyzed the text data and investigated the conceptual evolution of Corylus avellana in agricultural studies, for 2000–2009 and 2010-2019 separately.	3
Line chart visualizes case occurrence; bar chart indicates rate per 10,000 words.	0
Improvements can always be made to surveys; however, it is perhaps time now to augment this type of research with bibliometric methods of evaluation.	0
Distribution of Elsevier tools and resources across the research cycle, from research question to employment.	0
The development of DM was divided into 3 consecutive periods, namely the initiation period (1983-2001), the rapid growth period (2001-2010), and the slow growth period (2010 and onwards).	4
In Study 4 we examined whether or not the first author's articles that contained colons and question marks in their titles were cited more or less often than were those titles that were written in grammatically simpler text.	3
This finding supports previous research indicating that the number of citations of articles published earlier was not significantly different than that of articles published recently (Nemeth & Goncalo, 2005).	5
Density map of authors in Europe having published Nature or Science articles in 2009 (searched in Web of Science).	0
However, the authors classified these two measures as markers of reputation rather than performance.	5
The findings highlight the need for supportive online learning environments that enhance motivation and emphasize learners' psychological well-being.	5
Co-citation set size expanded rapidly as number of citers grew: each new citer typically brought ca.	4
Moreover, funding allocations placed more emphasis on diseases with a higher mortality rate instead of those with higher morbidity and disability.	5
In the second phase, we thoroughly analyzed 48 English-language and 54 Chinese-language websites that provide academic ghostwriting services for high school and college students.	2
As depicted in the figure, the average distribution density of RMEs across the five different types of chapters’ ranges from 1 to 2%, with the highest average distribution density observed in the Methods chapter at approximately 1.936%.	4
Thus, the increasing citation impact with collaboration activities seems to be rather citation-specific and less quality-related.	5
In determining these indicators, we used the web-based tool InCites Benchmarking and Analytics.	0
Our goal was to understand the degree to which errata differ by journal, to describe their potential impact on accurate communication of scientific content and to identify attributes that may be associated with errata severity.	1
Just over half (53%; 17/32) of participants who completed the programme and evaluation originated from North America or Europe, a quarter (25%; 8/32) originated from Asia, 19% (6/32) originated from Africa and 1 originated from South America (table 3).	4
For the reviewer, the manuscript's utility is given by the expert's initial valuation of the manuscript, v, representing her prior knowledge of the work and authors and any other expectations about the merits and flaws of the research, plus the changes in manuscript's utility that come from the actual evaluation on the value of the research in several attributes, x?,	2
The influence of non-English publications on JIF is weak for journals with a small proportion of non-English publications.	4
Dynamic querying methods accommodate more complex search requirements by accepting SearchQuery objects.	4
We use the following general empirical framework to assess this relationship (equation 1).	3
I therefore estimate that Et Al's papers have been cited about five million times.	4
What is the structure of the NLP algorithm network, and how has it evolved over time?	1
These types represent solid, low, top and diligent performer.	4
The purpose of this paper was to evaluate the evolution of journal prestige in terms of country and region of origin in the field of environmental engineering in SCImago Journal and Rank database during 1999–2022.	1
A total of 2,217 documents were published and indexed in the WOS from 1970 to 2020.	4
Furthermore, a curvilinear relationship between interdisciplinarity and citations was identified, characterized by a U-shaped or J-shaped curve.	4
We found that out of the 484 journals on the list, the library had electronic access to the full run of 441 journals (91.5%), access to the partial run of 36 journals, and no access to only seven journals.	4
We sincerely acknowledge the time and effort the editors and reviewers put into our manuscript.	0
Received: 8 July 2022 / Accepted: 3 March 2023 / Published online: 21 March 2023	0
The results show that utilizing social capital from coauthorship networks, especially betweenness centrality, student-mentor coauthorship count and the partnership ability index, is an effective way to increase the research impact of medical doctoral students.	5
To compare the relative impact of the articles in our dataset to that of similar publications, we measured the average weighted Relative Citation Ratio of all 2014/2016 PLOS publications in our dataset as compared to all PLoS articles published in the middle (late June/early July) of the same year (“Relative Citation Ratio,” 2017).	3
Wide variability existed in metrics among specialties, with cardiac and neurosurgery being the most productive, and vascular surgery and plastic surgery being the least productive.	4
The data for geopolitical risk is taken from Caldara, Dario, and Matteo Iacoviello [44].	2
To finish this step, we applied a community detection algorithm (Newman and Girvan 2004) to extract highly intertwined groups of papers (i.e., clusters), which target concentrations of similar research topics or technologies.	3
Among the 365 individuals who identified their current and previous library workplaces, 256 had worked in academic libraries (70.1%), while 52 had worked in public libraries (14.2%), 14 in school libraries (3.8%), and 43 (11.8%) in special libraries.	2
When proctoring is not possible, credible and effective anti-cheating technologies should be deployed together with adequate warnings.	5
This study focuses on assessing the quality of dissertations.	1
The graph representing the collaborative social network had the following elements and properties.	0
The descriptive bibliometry and visualization in this paper revealed that the Spanish (13%) and Italian (11%) scientists are the leaders in the publication of the research regarding food industry by-products; their articles have been published in high-ranked journals, as seen in the references with high impact factors.	5
We present an online-based research initiative in Mexico that aims to reduce the research gap in neurosurgery.	1
2 Number of articles published per venue by CONICET researcher category, a Scopus, b Google Scholar	0
The classification was obtained by clustering the publications in this network using the Leiden algorithm (Traag et al., 2019).	3
Can one single author impact the ranking of an entire institution or country?	5
Articles published in the 5 major spine journals originating from Mainland China, Taiwan and Hong Kong in 2004–2013 were retrieved from the database of Web of Science.	2
The results presented in this subsection support the hypothesis that the T5 influence operates through channels that are independent of article quality.	4
Yes, I do a lot of research with students, graduate students.	0
The study examines the intellectual similarity structures among the authors and countries through the bibliographic coupling.	1
Our data analysing abstracts suggest that the main conclusions of 93% of non-COVID-19– related life sciences articles do not change from their preprint to final published versions, with only 1 out of 184 papers in our analysis contradicting a conclusion made by its preprint.	5
The authors propose a novel bibilometric index, the reverberation index (r-index), as a comparative assessment tool for use in determining differential reverberation between scientific fields for a given scientific entity.	1
In particular, we found that although the majority of physicists change the topics of their research, they stay within the same broader area thus exploring with caution new scientific endeavors.	4
The paper is organized as follows: Section 2 explains the classification scheme used for categorization.	0
The results of activity index are given in Table 4 and represented graphically in Fig.	0
However China outstripped the three countries from year 1997 to year 2001, and kept its predominance over the next two periods (2002–2011).	4
Our analysis reveals important transition points in the history of mathematics and allows us to categorise countries according to their capacity to attract, export and self-maintain knowledge.	5
In this study, we leverage extensive bibliometric datasets, specifically the PubMed data encompassing over 26 million articles and the MAG data comprising 120 million publications.	2
This micro/meso level study suggests such mechanisms and dynamics are key features of team science and as such can inform problems of integration, praxis, and engagement in teams.	5
Overall, our study reveals new aspects of work concerning coronavirus and COVID-19.	5
Leese and Evans, in contrast, were concerned with the risks and opportunities resulting from close proximity.	4
We would like to extend our sincere thanks to all the students who participated in the survey.	0
The Bland–Altman plot showed no significant rater bias in WoS and Scopus; however, the agreement between ratings is higher in Scopus compared to WoS.	4
A table of journals, details, and classification is included in the Appendix A1.	0
Number of journals that have published different numbers of papers that have been among the 100 most-cited in a scientific field in the last decade.	0
The aim of this work is to investigate the correlation between the citedness of a publication and the impact of the host journal.	1
We exploit these areas to establish new indices, namely Perfectionism Index and eXtreme Perfectionism Index (XPI), aiming at categorizing researchers in two distinct categories: “influentials” and “mass producers”; the former category produces articles which are (almost all) with high impact, and the latter category produces a lot of articles with moderate or no impact at all.	1
Our article examines the impact of contingent shifts in the opportunity structure for promotion on the informational efficiency of scientific valuation.	1
5 Research areas where articles were published on maturity model according to the Scopus database	0
Table 3 shows that out of 647 publications analysed, only 196 (30.29%) were single authored, while 451 (69.71%) were co-authored.	4
Thus, we used nonparametric tests (Kruskal-Wallis or Spearman's ranked correlation).	3
The Faculty of Medicine and Institute Vin?a lead the way in terms of number of published papers, while Institute of Physics excels when taking into account the quality of journals.	4
We analyse the degree to which the popularity of scientific authors on Twitter and LinkedIn corresponds to publication-based indicators as to their visibility and interconnectedness.	1
Spearman correlations were used instead of Pearson correlations because the variables were not normally distributed.	3
Real-world examples are compiled within a single fictionalized narrative to enable identification of salient contextual features to help identify boundaries and points of difference between forms of pseudo and legitimate or credible scholarly publications.	2
A total of seventeen journals (42%) had a subscription price that was higher for international readers than for US readers.	4
The nine universities selected for evaluation were Humboldt State University, Michigan State University, Northern Arizona University, Southern Illinois University–Carbondale, University of Arkansas at Monticello, University of Georgia, University of Florida, University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point, and Virginia Tech.	2
In terms of language, the 70 source items are predominantly written in English (80 %), whereas non-source items are more often written in German (60 %) than in English (37 %).	4
Despite the clear difference between the Nobel laureates and ‘ordinary’ scientists, we find universal career patterns that are applicable to both ordinary and elite scientists.	5
The purpose of this paper is to explore the difference between Open Access and accessibility, to argue that accessibility is the most crucial feature, and to suggest some ways in which Open Access militates against accessibility.	1
Table 1 shows the number of sources and the number of cited cases.	0
The authors would like to thank Dimitrios Katsaros, Antonis Sidiropoulos and Zenonas Theodosiou for their support.	0
Any errors, misinterpretations, or omissions in this analysis are the author’s alone.	0
This research was previously presented in poster form at the Global Evidence Summit, Cape Town, South Africa; September 2017.	0
Network analysis for each DFT code shows that during the first years of code development, the interaction happens mostly between the country where most of the development is performed and some other countries, which are directly related to the code developers.	5
Also, the paper performs the K-S test to check whether the distribution of author article production follows Lotka's law.	3
1 Faculty of Technical Sciences, University of Novi Sad, Novi Sad, Serbia	0
Using empirical material from retrospective interviews with Sweden-based early-career scientists who, successfully or unsuccessfully, applied for European Research Council (ERC) Starting Grants, our findings show how these scientists interlinked experiences from various practices to construct the ERC's evaluations, in general, and the final-stage appointments at Brussels' Madou Plaza Tower, in particular, as apex-esque, crescendo-like status-bestowing events.	2
The gap between Chinese LIS schools and US LIS schools in the number of WoS papers has shrunk significantly during the period 2008–2017.	5
We developed a model and analytical framework to quantify two interrelated carbon stocks in managed plantation forests and wooden houses in Japan.	5
In the future, we need to further verify the existence of such relationships.	0
2Department of Information Management, Faculty of Economics and Management, East China Normal University, Shanghai 200241, China	0
The present study is based on publications and citations as indexed by Web of Science (WoS) for the period 1971– 2010.	2
On the other side, the SciELO database summarized 287 publications during the study period, following a similar increasing trend but with a lower magnitude, reaching a maximum of 24 contributions in 2010, and then slightly declined, varying between 13 and 19 articles (Fig.	2
By comparing characteristics of each cohort, it is possible to better determine factors associated with increased citation count in the ophthalmology literature.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Our bibliometric analysis presented a comprehensive overview of the trend and development of the scientific output in the oxycodone field over two decades.	5
The study's findings show that top or leading journals have a weaker position in some social structure approach metrics compared to other (or follower) journals.	4
From the dissertation, we were able to grasped the name(s) and institution(s) of the new Ph.D's academic advisor(s) and the publications he/she published during doctoral training.	2
It was observed that the number of publications from abroad increased to n=308 (31.6%).	4
The scale weighting was only one of several output measures used in the study.	0
To test for the mechanisms by which Hwang affects the knowledge creation of other inventors (H1 and H2), we first investigate the relationship between the scientific celebrity variables, Hwang's news and Hwang's patent, and the two mechanism variables, new entries and government funding.	3
This means the probability to publish in Q1 journals of Multidisciplinary Sciences is 3.4–5.2 times as large as in Medicine Research Experimental.	5
These simulations are far from perfect; they can be considered as conceptual (“toy”) simulations that enable us to explore further options (McGlade 2003, p.	5
The result obtained is 0.979; considering the interpretation of this number according to Landis & Koch [35], our level of agreement is almost perfect, and thus, our analysis is reliable.	4
The impact factor (IF) for each journal was determined using the InCites Journal Citation Report.	3
I begin my inquiry into the idea of collaboration by taking a retrospective view on collaboration in research within the natural and physical sciences in the aftermath of the Second World War.	3
Only with increased research productivity will MakCHS and other academic institutions be able to make a significant contribution in addressing national health challenges.	5
Information technology is rapidly becoming an essential part of the infrastructure of dental education (7).	0
Acknowledgements We are grateful to the New Zealand Tertiary Education Commission (TEC) for providing the data, and to Ashley Ball for research assistance in compiling quality scores for universities and disciplines, supported by a VUW research grant.	0
Bronick during his days as a graduate student at the University of Florida appeared in the pages of this journal.	0
First, she searched for the exact phrase of the predatory journal title (enclosed in curly brackets) in the Reference Source Title Field, limited to Nursing and English Language (Scopus search: (REFSRCTITLE ( { } ) ) AND (LIMIT-TO (SUBJAREA , "NURS") ) AND (LIMIT-TO (LANGUAGE, "English") ).	3
A bibliographic coupling connects two documents if a common item was cited and appeared within both lists of references [89].	3
Data on international networks were obtained from the questionnaire, which asked scientists to list, by order of importance, up to five organisations where their most important research contacts were located.	3
On the second question, we find strong supportive evidence as a large majority indicated that metrics were important or partly important in their review of grant proposals and assessments of candidates for academic positions.	5
Our study was carried out with the Science Mapping technique using Bibliometrics software.	5
The regression estimation shows that the quality estimate for journals falling in the four tiers (A, B, C and D) are 4.39, 3.52, 2.87 and 2.34, respectively, while the same for importance is 57.5%, 26.1%, 13.5% and 7.0%, respectively.	4
The low proportion of articles coauthored by researchers and practitioners in computer science and management is consistent with figures reported by Vogel, who focused on public administration, and by Morgan and Lightner-Laws, who investigated supply chain management.	5
In our plans for future work, we seek to include additional domains in our study.	0
The results of this study showed that the best performance in clustering was achieved when text, author, and citation data were embedded together.	4
We examined a total of 576 papers, excluding four with more than one corresponding author.	2
All other statistical analyses were performed using GraphPad Prism version 9 (GraphPad Software Inc, San Diego, Calif).	0
Interestingly, in 2020, the PDSs of all epidemics have increased in varying degrees, especially the epidemics SARS and MERS, which were caused by coronaviruses and similar to COVID-19.	4
The launch of the great interest in the green energy research field was registered in the economic crises period of 2008-2010, as one can observe in Figure 6.	4
Title structure was classified based on preliminary research and previous studies (e.g., Diao, 2021; Haggan, 2004; Li & Xu, 2019; Soler, 2007; Wang & Bai, 2007; Xie, 2020).	3
Table 1 The list of neighbouring countries and investigated topics applied within the Web of Science search	0
Most recommended papers were not published in the highest-ranking journals, nor did they have the highest number of mean annual citations, showing the limitations of using such citation-based indices as metrics of article or researcher impact11.	4
In this study the goal is to combine common measures used in international university ranking models with the social goals found in the Iranian Higher Education Upstream Documents.	2
Table 1 illustrates the half-life period of online citations in previous studies.	0
The altmetric scores varied from 0 to 155, total=806, median=5.0, (IQR=20).	4
We conducted a systematic search of journal articles in MEDLINE by PubMed, Scopus, Embase, and ClinicalTrials.gov.	2
The aim of this study is to assess the existing literature on the hydrogen supply chain to identify 1) the evolution of the international scientific collaborations, and 2) the retrospective and prospective components of this growing research field.	1
In the third stage, the nodes of T are grouped into disjoint blocks in such a way that they fit in a page of external memory, yielding a w-tree W.	3
As shown in Figure 9, the trajectories of all three organizations are located in the upper right region.	4
Received 1 February 2017; Received in revised form 30 April 2017; Accepted 21 June 2017	0
The keyword matchedness rate is affected by the funding size of the accepted grant.	1
Journal of origin, reasons for retraction, date of publication, date of retraction, impact factor of journal, countries of research origin, and study design were collected for each included publication.	2
Our main goal is to analyse the history of modern mathematics, through the processes of birth, death, fusion and fission of research fields across time and space.	1
To demonstrate the properties of RIC with the use of real-world data, we used a matrix with collaboration frequencies</METRIC> among the 20 largest contributing countries1 to journals indexed by the Web of Science in the years 2000–2020.	2
The two most cited regions are Europe and North America, confirming their centrality for the social sciences across the globe.	4
2 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—?— 2013	0
We aimed to recruit a variety of participants from different backgrounds and geographic contexts.	2
Publication patterns for neonatal surgical conditions have changed significantly over time.	5
In this paper we study citation patterns of articles published in the American Physical Society (APS) journals in a fifty-year time interval (1960-2009).	1
Using a citation analysis approach, this study addresses such research questions (RQs) as:	1
Received 25 November 2002; revised 23 October 2003; accepted 11 November 2003	0
The final coding taxonomy comprises eight themes (the level of thoroughness of the referee; the role of the background knowledge of the referee; believability of the results in the proof; believability of the approaches used in the proof; line by line checking of the proof; checking for checkability of the proof; proof errors; adding details).	3
The questions we examine in this work are as follows: (1) What new functional characteristics emerge when combined structural effects of collaborative coupling and large-scale con- nectivity exist in the networks?	1
Drawing on the approach of Smirnova & Mayr, (2023), similarly, we gathered the acknowledgement texts from the Scopus database containing the collection of funding acknowledgments (Smirnova & Mayr, 2023).	3
There appears to be much disparity among the rankings, number of researchers, reviewers and published manuscripts across various countries in Central Asia.	5
In general, we believe that the strategy proposed is suitable not only for academic evaluation in closed web space, but also for knowledge discovery in open web space.	5
This study focuses on two aspects of academic training, autonomy and exploration, to investigate how different modes of training are incentivized and how they affect junior scientists' performance and career prospects.	1
While internal applicants' total score is on average 39 points, external applicants score on average more than 3 points lower.	4
The results show that, even though journals are not uniformly ranked, one may derive a consensus ranking with considerably high agreement with the individual rankings.	4
First, on the bibliometric side, to reject false positives of the combination of the words "open" and "banking,” obtaining the final list of 282 documents from 2002 to 2021 (Fig 2).	2
As a data source, we used the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) of Clarivate Analytics that are embedded in the InCites platform.	2
Steele is program leader, Latin American Programs, Technical Assistance Division, Office of International Cooperation and Development, U.S.	0
The peer review process does not pick up the dimensions RISK, PASTEURESQUENESS, or TIMELINESS in the form as measured by our indicators.	5
8 exhibits very low degree of correlation among the indicators (correlation coefficient R2 = 0.3755).	4
The following six normalization procedures will be empirically investigated in Section 4.	3
Conflict of interest The author has no competing interests to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
Finally, we demonstrate that publishing in English is associated with greater scholarly impact, except for the case of France in Google Scholar for articles in sociology and books in the three fields.	4
It is specifically designed to support comparability at aggregate levels, and we have tested that it works.	5
We sought to calculate the magnitude of these effects.	1
Third, this study uses the classification & regression tree (CART), random forest, and eXtreme gradient boosting (XGBoost) algorithms to assist managers in identifying the key predictive variables for further classification and prediction.	1
The T100 articles were published from 1955 to 2013, with 79% published during the period 1990–2009.	4
The proportion of female authors in Computer Science is predicted to reach 0.45 around 2124, more than 100 years from now.	4
This shows that citation numbers are not the only criterion used by the committee for selecting the winners, otherwise the papers with the lower citation counts would not have received the award.	4
We define the citation potential in the topic of journal j in a year y as the weighted average of the impact factors of all citing journals to j in the year y with respect to the previous two years.	3
This study provides insights to design and improve similar academic mobility programmes worldwide.	5
In our empirical analysis of the drivers of scientific impact in breast cancer research we utilize data on publications because they allow us to observe the dynamics of scientific change and relationships among scientific fields reducing the risk of subjective bias (Consoli and Ramlogan, 2008).	2
Not surprisingly, studies reporting endovascular therapies were cited more often than those related to conventional treatments (median citation rate, 20.5 vs.	5
The query was constructed to search for all European countries' documents (the type of the document was not specified, because this study aimed to reveal collaboration patterns, not the content and type of the documents, which is present even in conference proceedings) for the years 1993–2017.	2
The collaboration network in research on leishmaniasis between the main countries, and the density maps of the words most frequently used in the title of the articles were established using the VOSviewer software.	3
This paper revisits the extent to which patterns of international collaboration in coronavirus research during the COVID-19 pandemic depart from 'normal' times.	1
The equivalence index (Eij) is defined as the square of Cij, divided by Ci and Cj, which describes the strength of the association between terms i and j, and can effectively avoid the bias from the advantages of the high-frequency terms.	3
Scopus was used to identify the most prolific Spanish authors in Biology and Medicine between 2013 and 2017 and to determine their publication patterns in PLOS ONE.	3
The data collection process highlighted the problems in the existing methods of recording APC data.	4
In order to investigate the longitudinal variation in the citation impact, we map the citation count dipy(n) of the nth publication p of researcher i to a z-score.	3
S-WK contributed to the preparation of research proposal and the writing of “Background” and “Literature review” sections.	0
Among the findings, the following can be cited: there is great regional asymmetry in the distribution of groups; most of them are linked to universities and are located in Engineering, specifically Industrial, Mechanical, Sanitary, and Civil; there is an interdisciplinary approach that covers 49 areas of knowledge; and the main focus of the groups is related to sectors of activity such as energy (emphasis on biofuels), agriculture and livestock, and construction.	4
Cocitation can be defined as the frequency with which two references are simultaneously cited by a third article (Small 1973).	3
Major research hotspots in the field included aquaculture and sustainable aquaculture, fish feed with agri-food waste, rainbow trout species, the development of a circular economy, probiotic applications, and cell signaling cytokines and peptides.	4
To visualise the geographical landscape, state-of-the-art techniques including density-equalising map projections were applied.	3
Google Sheets) with columns for co-author name, line number(s) and comments (Figure 1).	3
Concerning the measurement of funding, we divided the total publications into two sublets.	3
The 4593 analyzed articles were published in 1667 different sources, whereby Sustainability is by far the most occurring journal with 273 published documents.	4
This work encompassed 156,104 articles from 255 APC OA journals and 80,256 articles from 183 free OA journals.	2
This short communication utilises 'reading against the grain' (Batholomae & Petrosky 1993)—an approach described by cultural theorist Terry Eagleton as 'reading against the grain of supposedly self-evident truths, rather than taking them for granted' (Eagleton 2004)—to consider the presentation of New Zealand's scientific history through the medium of the 2015 conference Finding New Zealand's Scientific Heritage.	3
International collaboration of Middle East countries and citations was analyzed based on Scopus.	3
On the basis of the LDA results, the influential words in hospitality research were identified using minemytext.com and word frequency (Figure 2).	4
The past open access publishing behaviour is related to the intention of Lithuanian researchers to submit publications to open access repositories.	0
Open Access Statement: This is an Open Access article distributed in accordance with the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 4.0 International License (CC BY-NC-ND 4.0), which permits the non-commercial replication and distribution of the article with the strict proviso that no changes or edits are made and the original work is properly cited (including links to both the formal publication through the relevant DOI and the license).	0
It can be said that research and science funding are closely interrelated topics.	0
This study assessed characteristics of publishers who published 2010 open access (OA) journals indexed in Scopus.	1
We exploit the construction of a dataset covering all academic staff in all Italian universities for the 10 year period across 2002–2012.	2
While China started contributing measurably to the worldwide scientific output related to silicosis as late as only in 1980, it has since developed into the currently second most productive country with a tendency to rise (Figure 1C).	4
The height of a bar indicates the number of articles whose title similarity score falls into the corresponding bin.	0
In general, the observed verbal exchanges in the regular lab meetings reveal structural elements familiar from shop talk described in Lynch (1985) and with repertoires of ‘production devices for generating knowledge' (Amann & Knorr Cetina, 1989, p.	4
However, we found that the research groups with the highest percentage of third-party funding had higher PR values than the groups with an average level (see Fig.	4
There is a strong increase of international co-authorships.	5
This analysis yielded a ranking of 24 business-ethics-centric (BEC) journals, and this ranking reflects the collective judgments of AACSB business school faculties.	4
In general, objectively quantifying the creative qualities of scientific work (e.g., originality) is not an easy undertaking [12,39], but we predicted that openness and idea density, both theoretically connected with the creativity of scientific work, would be informative.	5
Contrarily, the participating students also recognized numerous hurdles in implementing e-exams concerning security, validity, and impartiality.	4
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC part of Springer Nature 2021	0
We conceived a sting operation and submitted a fake application for an editor position to 360 journals, a mix of legitimate titles and suspected predators.	1
Results suggest that the majority of the articles were written by a small number of researchers, indicating that groups and central authors play an important role in scientific advances.	4
We conducted a systematic survey of prices charged by OA journals indexed in Scopus and this revealed a moderate (0.40) correlation between the APCs and Source Normalized Impact per Paper values, a measure of citation rates.	4
We evaluated the association between open access publishing and citation number in 2017 among 4 major cardiovascular journals.	1
A prediction model was developed and tested, and its accuracy, precision, and recall were 76.84, 80.20, and 94.47 %, respectively.	5
Most of the Eastern European countries are still subject to changes and are still awaiting their boost in scientific development.	4
Opportunities to align the participants, to create alternative metrics from newly available data, and to develop new solutions, are being missed.	5
After allowing for the potential influence of other factors, including gender and field of specialisation, we find as expected that both advisory quality and rank of the graduation institution are positively related to the academic productivity of graduates.	4
Moreover, within cohorts, those who are highly cited are more likely to have profiles than those who have low citation counts.	4
In other words, the equation should explain the maximum proportion of the data points and thus minimize the standard error of estimate.	0
To sum up the second argument for the compatibility of measurement in the social and physical sciences, reading measurement stands as the exemplar of the evolution of measurement in social science being played out, and provides a potential template for constructs beyond 'reading ability'.	4
Table 2 The 52 kinds of relationships among the three selected perspectives	0
The goal of this study was to identify and analyze the characteristics of the 100 top-cited articles published in international journals dedicated to psychiatry.	1
The geographic distance, economic distance and academic distances have shown significantly negative relationships with the degree of international collaborations in the field of AI.	4
The interpretation of institutions' network was aided by the VOSviewer (van Eck & Waltman, 2010) as a graphical interface for data exported in Pajek format.	3
The present study is an attempt to minimize the gap by developing a mechanism for measuring scientific value of Indian journals.	1
For each subfield, the expected number of citations of a publication is also reported in the table.	0
These results imply that researchers successful in raising funds are not necessarily in a position to be more productive or produce more impactful publications.	5
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
We compare the performance and comprehensibility of models obtained by “black-box” machine learning algorithms (neural networks and random forests) with models built with rule learning (CORELS, CBA), which are intrinsically explainable.	3
Previously, errors notes the steady rise in retractions (Cokol et al.	0
CONTACT Chien Chou cchou@nycu.edu.tw Institute of Education, National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University, Mailing Address: 1001 University Rd, East Dist, 30010 Hsinchu City, Taiwan	0
A multifaceted strategy was employed to understand and address the publication divide in the Tropical Andes region.	1
Although the use of averages for strongly skewed distributions violates most-basic scientific standards and constitutes bad scientific practice, it is widely used for the comparison of journals[12] by means of the impact factor.	5
The diversity of patent records supported by the HHS is much lower than the other three agencies.	4
For an in-depth analysis of field-specific gold OA publishing volume and academic influence, the InCites database of Clarivate?	2
(3) Evaluate the effectiveness of different databases in providing accurate publication data to compile academic metrics.	1
Our results show the emergence of a specific pattern when the network of co-occurring subjects is induced from a set of papers exclusively authored by men.	4
The present study aims to propose an analytical framework with indices to measure the complexity of collaboration and knowledge structures to support strategic and organizational management of scientific research in interdisciplinary research projects.	1
In 2010 the six journals examined published 273 articles in total.	2
Interview scripts (see Table 1) for the faculty, graduate student, and undergraduates were designed to be complementary and consisted of three major sections: engagement, exploration, and exit.	2
Auto insurance fraud detection dataset is publicly available.	2
In 2007, a turning point occurred to the two major databases.	4
The comparison of the time periods shows that the diameter (the greatest distance between any pair of vertices) remained constant at 3, while the average path length of the network went from 1.77 in the first period to 1.49 in the third period.	4
STEVEN STACK is a Professor of criminology and psychiatry at Wayne State University in Detroit, MI.	0
Reviewed by: Denis Essers (National Bank of Belgium) Jan Br?ha (Czech National Bank)	0
When aggregating to the journal level, ASP is more consistent with the journal grade than #Cit.	4
The interview schedule contained around 60 questions, and the interview took between 60 and 90 minutes to complete.	3
Two WOS databases were included, namely SCI and SSCI, looking at its broad coverage of several scientific disciplines and the availability of full citation data.	2
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
Following this period, the megajournals experienced a plateau or a slow decrease in all analyzed impact factor measures, which was also true for the PLoS series and BMC series but not for the journals published by Hindawi, which otherwise has a reputation of a publisher of open access journals with mostly low impact factor or not indexed at Web of Science at all (Peters 2007; Pisoschi and Pisoschi 2016).	4
The majority of publications in JMIR Medical Informatics are dominated by 2 countries, the United States and China.	4
In case #1 we screened 45 publicly listed studies sponsored on the diagnostic test, excluding 13 conference abstracts/commentaries.	2
The size of the variations across groups confirms that the length of the citation period is highly important for the results of a bibliometric analysis covering fields with varying obsolescence rates.	5
Received: 10 November 2021 | Accepted: 5 January 2022 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 24 February 2022	0
Both co-word and document co-citation analysis are characteristic of "knowledge domain analysis”, a library and information science topic of research.	0
Impacts range from 7 to 13% increases depending on the outcome variable.	4
This paper focuses on the field of archival digitization research in China, using 1267 relevant literature articles retrieved from the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) database between 1995 and 2022 as the research object.	2
The self-citing rate is a/(a + b); the self-cited rate is a/(a+c).	0
It was observed that the OA Brazilian scientific production is characterized by an endogenic profile and has a preference for the Gold road with APC.	5
The papers with at least one author from India are retrieved from the database on the below query: TOPIC: (Water NEAR/3 (Quali* OR Contam* OR Pollu*)) AND ADDRESS: India AND Timespan: (1986-2015)	2
Other languages, such as Spanish or French, do not reach 1%.	0
Roughly 20% of all authors with careers lasting at least 10 years that started publishing in the late 1990s are women.	4
Is there evidence for a thematic shift, and are alternative or heterodox approaches taken into consideration?	1
In summary, quantitative analysis on funding maintains to be a hot topic.	0
The scientific profiling of territories has until now been conducted by bibliometric means that analyze the geographic distribution of scientific output through two types of indicators: (i) those that examine ‘production’ (such as number of publications or citations, share of national/world publications/citations, or share of top cited publications), but which are typically size dependent; (ii) those that attempt to normalize the values of such indicators respect to some factor of size.	5
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The IF data was taken from SIGAPS (software to identify, manage and analyze scientific publications).	2
In the univariable analysis, there was no association between self-citation counts and study type (P = 0.41), article topic (P = 0.61), number of authors (P = 0.62), and rank of authors (P = 0.56).	4
These data were compared against population, GDP and dollars spent on research.	3
Drawing on a comparative analysis of 60 examples of SSH impact, we develop a typology of SSH pathways to societal impact.	2
We collected 728 recent (2013 to mid-2016) articles with South African authors in five popular in the field journals classified as 'potential, possible, or probable predatory' according to Beall's list.	2
This research consolidates existing journal rankings into an up-to-date and comprehensive list.	1
We analyzed 4 854 research documents originating in Panama in the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED).	1
In “Evaluation experiments” section, the evaluation experiments based on the dataset retrieved from the ISI WoS are explained.	0
From the Division of Vascular Surgery, University of Utah Medical Center.	0
This study employed the community of scientists (CoS) scholar database as the main sampling frame.	2
However, the rank changes considerably for some countries like Romania, which gains 21 places by normalizing the proportion of OA by discipline.	4
The data indicate that the factor having the greatest influence on the outcomes of the competition (bStdCP = 0.655) seems to be the number of years the applicant has spent at the same university and same SDS as the president of the committee.	4
Based on an interrogation of a data set comprising all comments left on PLOS articles between 13 October 2003 (the date of the first PLOS article) and 13 December 2016 (when the data were collected), we address the following four research questions:	1
Finally, the citation impact and altmetric visibility of publications (grouped in the four categories) was computed and analysed.	3
The number of HPE articles with altmetrics attention increased 145%, from 539 published in 2011 to 1,321 in 2015.	4
The goal of this paper was to analyze publication patterns in Central Asian countries, and to explore the factors that contributed to the publication productivity in Kazakhstan.	1
Submission of handwritten manuscripts largely has been replaced by an electronic submission process.	0
Respondents from the GN stressed that peer review is essential for the recognised quality of results.	4
By visiting the tool at http:// comins.leydesdorff.net, users have the ability to upload and analyze their own data sets downloaded from the WoS.	0
A total of 434 journals containing 1574 references were collected, MS-Excel spreadsheet and MS-Word were used to analyze the data.	2
The S-shaped functional relation between the mean citation score and the proportion of top 10% publications for the 500 Leiden Ranking universities is explained using results of the shifted Lotka function.	1
While the average author/article ratio was 2.15 in 2006, by 2015 an average of over 3 authors were linked to each publication.	4
The CORE API Client enhances research quality by providing streamlined and normalized access to data.	5
Therefore, it seems that there is a chain relation among funding, quantity and quality of the articles, and average team size of the funded researchers.	5
Third, we retrieved articles by query sets1 that hit research into narratives in CARs while excluding narrative review, narrative therapy, or any others that do not treat narratives as a discourse.	2
The value of this type of exploration of author/article attribute space lies in not just confirming or challenging of previously held notions about collaboration patterns, but the large scale, both in attributes and observations, permits identification of more subtle and unexpectedly influential attributes.	5
The characteristics of the h-index in the field of condensed matter physics are studied using high-quality data from ResearcherID.	1
We did a retrospective survey of 1150 health research institutions in India to estimate the quantum of funding over 5 years.	2
It is instead possible to find clues that the self-selection bias takes place, namely, that authors are prone to attach a video abstract to their best, most representative articles, which then accrue more citations because of their quality.	5
Second, no major scientific fields (such as biomedicine, chemistry or computer science) have been completely abandoned.	4
1 shows a powerful picture of the interactions between the diverse Italian Universities.	4
The search returned 1,420,842 results from 1900 to 2021.	4
Figure 2 Retractions expressed as a percentage of the total number of publications listed in Medline 1980–2009.	0
The number of publications, citations, h-index values, and National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding for each faculty member was captured.	2
The purpose of this study is to conduct a thorough search for and analysis of current OPR journals to address the following research questions: 1.	1
The contribution of publications from mainland China to the decrease in worldwide IAP in ‘Mathematics, applied’, ‘Statistics & probability’, and 'Operations research & management science' is not high, due to the drop of IAP in these subjects because of factors other than mainland China publications.	4
In the case of the documents within the dataset, they received a total of 69,721 citations, with an average of 12.44 citations per document.	4
On average, the PPtop 10% of a university is almost 2 percentage points lower in the case of fractional counting than in the case of full counting.	4
Based on empirical analyses of academic journals indexed in the Web of Science, we examine institutional characteristics conducive to strategic self-citation for JIF inflation.	1
Conclusion: There is a regional bias in WoS and Scopus, which retrieve more articles and citations about Palearctic mammals than about Neotropical mammals; this bias is worse in WoS and means that an urgent increase in indexed research about Neotropical species is needed to be on par with Palearctic research.	5
For obverse ranking levels, the overall correlation is 0.4673, and the highest correlation occurs in the top 100 level.	0
For both Faculty of Natural Science (NAT) and Faculty of Health and Medical Science (MED), collaboration with hospitals significantly increases the probability that resulting publications will appear in clinical rather than basic research journals, lending support to our second proposition: on average, IDR collaboration connecting basic and applied fields of science will result in applied research output.	4
In this study we attempted to measure both the damaging effects of research misconduct on the careers of those who perpetrate it and the direct financial costs resulting from the retraction of scientific articles due to research misconduct.	1
The objective of this search was to determine the characteristics of these articles to find what makes them important in the field of psychiatry.	1
The bibliographic records identified in this study span the years from 1990 to 2019 as publications of this type do not exist prior to 1990.	2
The definition of the five categories of authorship based on gender settles the basis for the identification of patterns of research collaboration and their relation to gender.	2
The number of publications and the mean IF (mIF) (i.e., .the sum of the IF of each paper to the total number of publications) was calculated for periods of 3 years for each country.	3
In the present study, patents related to terahertz technology were searched, collected and analyzed from three databases of international or national patent offices (US, EP and PCT).	2
Regarding the definition of a general object for their radio research, participants mentioned technology as their main field, followed by journalism and culture.	4
Institut national de la santé et de la recherche médicale (INSERM), U1153	0
This study aimed (1) to apply the IRT model to determine the IP days and the corresponding CNICs, (2) to develop an index that can be used to evaluate the impact of COVID-19, and (3) to compare the differences in SACOVID across countries/regions in the world and provinces/metropolitan cities/areas in China.	1
the reputation of lead researchers), some other reasons (e.g.	4
As regards the RO2, the PlumX API was used to capture citation-based metrics and altmetrics.	2
In this paper, we study a data-driven method for predicting the contributions of different institutions in eight top conferences.	5
Both publication strategies can lead to a successful academic career, yet we have an indication through the h5-index that the practices of the High a group are more likely to nudge the h-index.	5
None of the eight variables had been normally distributed, rendering the independent samples t-test unsuitable for analysis.	0
Analysis of AAS membership by subspecialty revealed that AAS members were most commonly general surgery faculty (57.8%); however, only 7.4% of the faculty was affiliated with cardiothoracic surgery.	4
Revealing reviewers’ identities to each other leads to slightly lower engagement in the discussions and leads to undue influence of senior reviewers on the final decision.	5
Another hallmark of AI-generated references is the presence of chimeric references, in which elements of one reference are combined with other elements from an unrelated one.	4
The total number of faculty per school ranged from 9 to 24 full-time professional members, with the University of Western Ontario and Wisconsin-Milwaukee program having the most full-time faculty (N=24), followed by Kent State University (N=19), and Emporia State University having the least number of faculty (N=9) (Table 2 and Table 3).	4
Our research contributes to the literature on evaluating the impact of public funding of scientific research.	5
Our research was extended using the Ranking of National Higher Education Systems published by Universitas 21.	2
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):??-?, 2014	0
In line with recent studies on bibliometric analysis, this study uses VOSviewer software (Donthu et al., 2020b; Martínez-López et al., 2020) and the Bibliometrix package (Valtakoski, 2019; Wang et al., 2020) for developing these bibliometric networks.	3
Academic age cohorts have been classified into four categories: those aged under 40 (or young academics), aged 40–49, aged 50–59 and aged 60 and more.	3
The empirical study of the Angiotensin scientists was used as a test example.	0
Therefore, the research questions are: (i) How to identify the FoS that an individual author is involved?	1
The study suggests to librarians the presence of less visible empirical literature on the web and to smaller, independent academic publishers, the need to apply better quality metadata and optimization strategies to their open access journal content.	5
The findings indicate that cluster hiring is no cure-all for fields that are disadvantaged in the competition for external funding or for non-elite universities that are disadvantaged in the competition for prestige.	5
Each entry contains the following information about the review process: preprint id-number, preprint submission date, id-number of the referee to whom the preprint is assigned, date the preprint is assigned by editor, date the referee accepted the assignment (if accepted), date the referee declined the assignment (if declined), date the report was sent, version number of the preprint and the editor's decision.	2
All data in Tables 1–4 refer to the end of July 2012.	0
Therefore, we investigated the effectiveness of an educational intervention on the knowledge, attitudes, and practice (KAP) of healthcare workers (HCWs) towards predatory publishing and journals.	1
The WoS categories, the corresponding frequency, and the co-occurrence matrix, were extracted by Bibexcel software [50].	3
696 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2005	0
No detailed regulations beyond the general structure of the Editorial Board have ever been formulated.	0
Literature growth related to TNBC is expanding rapidly in recent years.	5
The data included the number of publications acknowledging grant support within 5 years of grant approval (from PubMed), the number of citations of those publications through 2013 (Web of Science) and the percentile score of the application (rounded to the nearest whole number).	2
The data on university trustees and the corporations that they represented were drawn from the Research University Trustee database (for details see Slaughter et al., forthcoming).	2
3000 records were sampled for content analysis using stratified sampling strategy.	2
This high proportion indicates that most of OR/MS papers by Mainland China scholars are still at a lower level.	5
There was a high positive correlation between all three data sets, with vendor data commonly showing the highest use.	4
Twenty-six studies explicitly justify the choice of counting method and thus provide arguments for one or more counting methods (criteria 2).	4
Through the above empirical analysis and robustness test, we find that there is a negative relationship between the S&T human scale and international academic recognition.	5
The two metrics are not independent and, as expected, are highly correlated.	4
This is a comparative investigation of how university libraries in the United States, Canada and Spanish-speaking Latin America are responding to predatory publishing.	1
Our data suggest that much of what we now call psychology may end up being part of biology, in line with what Comte would have recommended.	5
The interviewees were selected using a purposive snowball sampling technique.	3
The results of our simulation suggest that the resulting funding distribution would be heavy-tailed (Fig.	4
We use the regression model yit = φi + φt + Xitγ + (qi × T)π + εit,	3
Examining the commonalities in the trajectories of these bibliometric indexes displays the universal characteristics of their growth process, and furtherly shows exemplary routes to scientific success.	1
The IF measures how frequently an 'average' article from a specific journal has been cited, so that a journal's IF is calculated by dividing the total number of citations to the journal in a specific year by the number of articles in that journal published in a previous timeframe.	3
Seven per cent of the articles coming from collectivist countries contain many self-citations, as opposed to 13 per cent (almost double) in the case of individualist countries.	4
As Table 5 shows, the most frequently used research methodology in AJTI articles during the entire period was the econometric analysis.	4
Following previous studies (e.g., Shonhe, 2020; Su et al., 2019), the parameters were set as follows: Database = WOS Core Collection, Search Topic = (“academic publishing” or “scholarly publishing” or “academic publication” or “scholarly publication”), Document Type = article, Language = English, Time Span from 1970 to 2020.	2
The universities chosen for this study are the top-ten universities in Pakistan as rated by the Higher Education Commission (HEC) for the year 2013.	1
Recurrent neural network (RNN) or long short-term memory (LSTM) [20, 21] is powerful to solve the time series prediction problem with sequential data.	3
Of the 33 clinical articles, 24 (73%) were level IV.	4
We used VOSviewer software program because it can determine clusters in a field and can present the strength of the relationships in a network.	3
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm	0
The IR features like number of words, sentence length and readability scores are extracted.	3
Conclusion Bibliometric and Altmetric analyses provide important but different perspectives regarding article impact, which are unrelated to evidence level.	5
This paper studies the accumulation of financial resources in higher education.	1
The database Web of Science Core Collection (WoS) was used to capture the bibliometric information of the listed articles on immigration.	2
Both authors read and approved the final version of the manuscript.	0
In the first post, only two out of 30 people responded to the checklist.	0
In addition, the exponents of the curves are very different; the exponent of the DSSC curve is 0.5–0.6 less than that of the graphene curve, and reflects the fact that expansion of DSSC is steady while that of graphene is much more explosive.	4
RQ2: How and to what degree is biomedical convergence mediated by distinct over- represented MeSH — i.e.	1
Moreover, we are particularly interested in seeing how the current generation of active psychologists is positioned in relation to the best international practices in the field, especially after the assimilation of the new international criteria in the organization of Romanian psychology, following the reform initiated after 2005.	1
Results for co-authorship are very similar and are available upon request from the authors.	0
From these, we screened articles by order of publication date and identified 200 preprints first published in 2020 with subsequent versions in peer-reviewed journals.	2
Of the 164 individuals, only 59 (36%; 95% CI: 29–43%) currently hold an active grant from one of the three funders.	4
In this paper, we have provided a framework to evaluate possible gender effects in the evaluation of research when either assessment panels or journal ratings are utilised.	5
Yet, despite these limitations, there is one important conclusion can clearly be drawn from our results: There is need for concern about gender representation in the quality assurance and gatekeeping functions of scholarly publishing.	5
Following van Maanen (1979) and Carton (2018), I used the raw data as the open codes.	3
However, China was the only Asian country with a total of 138 documents and 905 citations.	5
The issue of bias in predatory publishing has not yet been discussed, and the presence of this factor in the debate on this important issue in academic publishing is relevant to all academics today.	5
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
2009), and is therefore a good database for determining the astronomical research being carried out throughout the world.	1
The newer e index favoured more Infrequent producers, and there is a statistically significant difference in the changes in the rank sum distribution.	5
We employ the Revealed Comparative Advantage (RCA) (23) to assess each nation's relative disciplinary strengths based on publications indexed by the Web of Science database (see Methods).	3
The current project began by purposively sampling 46 Linkage projects that fell within 10 ARC research codes comprising psychology, sociology, law enforcement, anthropology, social work, demography, human geography, political science, policy and administration and other studies in human society.1	2
Average and low rank journals mostly use evaluation forms, they emphasize the empirical contribution and the quality of communication.	4
The titles and abstracts of the articles were reviewed to estimate whether they are related to acute pancreatitis.	0
is the number of citations of arti- cle i and y; is the publication year.	3
Of these journals, 21 (60%) provided immediate open access with a CC BY licence under certain circumstances (eg, to specific research funders).	4
Bibliometric indicators that take into consideration, respectively, the number of citations in three databases: Scopus (CiteScore), Web of Science (Impact Factor), and Google Scholar (h5-index): CiteScore Percentile and/or Impact Factor shall be regarded as the first stratification criterion.	3
In contrast the patents owned by foreign patentees are mostly research patents involving technology innovations of the nanofiltration membrane itself.	5
In terms of generating bilingual word vectors, we propose a method of improving the state-of-art method proposed by Luong et al.	3
Social Network Analysis (SNA) assumes that people or groups are connected together by social relationships, forming a social network as a representation of relationships among them [4].	3
The key reason is that the study ability of USA in Management is the most advanced in the world.	0
2 FACAMP-Faculdades de Campinas, Estrada Municipal UNICAMP-Telebrás Km 1, s/n Cidade Universitária Zeferino Vaz, Campinas, SP 13083-970, Brazil	0
The second approach provides a network analysis with graphical maps based on bibliographic data.	3
We therefore propose a new indicator that values citations by the impact of the citing publications, subject to the convention that two citing publications (even if uncited) can never count less than one (even if highly cited).	5
While there appears to be a slight increase (9%) in publishing in open access journals over the past ten years, this is still a very small percentage (25%) of the articles examining open access as a topic overall.	4
The process of exclusion of those 295 individuals was accomplished through the examination of the lists of professors employed in universities (obtained from the Spanish Ministry of Education) and a thoughtful inspection of university web pages.	2
The IF, self-cited, and self-citing data were collected from the JCR issues published between 2006 and 2011.	2
This study aims to comprehensively analyze the strength of this relationship using nonparametric statistical methods.	1
Using the constrained model (which allows substitutions only within the local network) instead of the unconstrained model (which allows substitutions in the WoS network) produces different trends in terms of conventionality and novelty, depending on the network and the parent discipline.	5
The remaining preposition variants cluster around different frequencies, the least frequent ones being “after”, “ahead of”, “among”, “as”, “onto”, “up to” and "versus" (0.19 % each).	0
Virtual Knowledge Studio for the Humanities and Social Sciences, Cruquiusweg 31, 1019 AT Amsterdam, The Netherlands.	0
University of North Carolina School of Medicine, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-7230 (Dr Garfunkel).	0
This study also reveals different publication patterns among Chinese scholars: those from Tier-1 universities prefer publishing in international journals indexed by WoS, while those from Tier-2 universities publish more articles in national journals.	5
As a next step, I sent individual emails to faculty members who had not yet registered with ORCID after two rounds of outreach.	3
As shown in Table 4, barring only closeness centrality's effect on citation count, all SNA measures have a statistically significant effect (p < 0.01) on research productivity in both networks.	4
Peer-reviewed journal articles originating from the research presented in the thesis or dissertation were identified by searching for the graduate student's name in the subscription-based Web of Science from Clarivate Analytics database (https://www.webofknowledge.com/).	2
Regression analysis revealed that for every additional staff member, the departmental h-index increased by 1.4 (standard error = 0.1, P < .01), whereas, by increasing the median h-index of members by 1 the departmental h-index increased by 15.7 (standard error = 0.6, P < .01).	4
After filtering abnormal data, a total of 57,518 valid data were obtained.	2
At the same time, acknowledgement texts with the larger number of sentences have more acknowledged individuals and miscellaneous categories.	4
In the first step of our algorithm, our software downloaded 167,315 USPTO patents granted in 2009.	2
Relative productivity of female and male scientists, to identify the relative position of women scientists in the sequence of authors in papers written jointly by female and male scientists and also to determine how often female scientists sign first and act as corresponding author when they work in a team;	1
Following this Introduction, Section 2 gives a brief history; Section 3 provides the related work; Section 4 presents the research methods; Section 5 discusses the productivity and impact of this field, and Section 6 summarizes the results and addresses future research.	0
The software packages, Hiscite [28] and Pajek [29], were used to build the citation network model.	3
Thus, the degree of similarity of the number of higher education institutions based on Kemenristekdikti, Webometrics and 4icu versions on the top 14 are at 9-10 institutions or 64-71% only.	4
Therefore, quotation errors may be detrimental to scientific reasoning and may undermine public trust in medical science.	5
Our primary outcome compares the 4-week mean Mendeley saves of articles randomized to TrendMD versus control.	1
This process is repeated for all remaining researchers to construct the skyline set: if they are not dominated by all researchers in the skyline set (rskyline), then they are added into the skyline set.	0
Our data covers articles published in these journals from 2000 to 2019, consisting of 19,500 articles.	2
Thus, in attempting to find out what drives citations, we determined what kind of research, from both theoretical and methodological perspectives, generates interest in the academic marketplace for citations.	1
production has been increasingly skewed since around 1990, that of publication kept decreasing until around 2000 (with a slight increase in the latest period).	4
Totally 18,319 papers were published in the Journal from 1981 to 2018, with an annual average of 469, as well as a total of 231,345 citations, 12.6 citations per paper, and a total of 12,393 cited papers.	4
The Zipf distribution of the terms was different for each system in terms of slope and specificity.	4
It appears that tournaments can have large postprize effects on the effort allocation of knowledge producers.	5
Differences in the average impact factor of group of journals, according to their publication modalities, are tested.	3
Is Research Professor in the Department of Sociology of Ghent University, Belgium.	0
Statistical methods were applied to compare the research performance of the sampled administrators before and after they accepted the current administrative roles.	3
We focus on China, Europe, the USA, and other global regions of the world.	1
We find that researchers who had written their own dissertation in the field of laser research on average advised three times as many laser-related dissertations as other advisors in the dataset.	4
Just as citations between articles can be monitored so too can (the aggregate of) citations between journals.	0
We extracted the last author based on the common practice that this is often the driving force (intellectually or financially) and/or the corresponding, overseeing or supervising author.20	0
Considering the number of topics between which a word migrates, there are three types of migration patterns in general: non-migration, dual-migration, and multi-migration.	4
This study finds that 76% of academic librarians publishing in top-tier library science journals have faculty status.	4
First, it aims to track the growth trends of gold OA publications in Malaysia, providing insight into the evolution of the country's research output in this domain.	1
The objective of this paper is to understand the relationship between the diffusion and mention of research papers in Twitter according to whether their authors are members or not of that micro-blogging service.	1
However, the coefficient of Female is significant in column 4 but is insignificant in column 5.	0
Thematic analysis of responses from faculty identified six distinct themes.	4
Hong Kong Polytech University ranks first with 27 ESI-HCPs, accounting for 4.18% of all ESI-HCPs in OR/MS.	4
We first collected journal articles published between 1991 and 2020 as the raw dataset (A).	2
Therefore, despite the statistically increasing number of institutional repositories, the speed with which they are installed as college infrastructure is very slow (Kim, 2006; Zuber, 2008).	0
The visualization map showed the 62 descriptors to group into seven clusters.	4
Four journals in the field of urology or gynecology were present in the top 10 published journals.	4
The Mantel-Haenszel estimators combine the stratum specific risk ratios RRi (or the stratum specific odds ratios ORi) into a single summary statistic.	3
The question is raised by Moshe Vardi in a May 2009 Communications editor's letter.	0
The practical implication of these findings for decision makers is that by increasing degree centrality in an international collaborative network the CBP will increase by 21.22 or 2.33 times.	5
Thus, we examine the specific field of epidemiology to assess for gender bias in the h-index among faculty at top-ranked Schools and Programs of Public Health (SPPH).	1
More precisely, we apply the multiple regression quadratic assignment procedure (MRQAP) with double semi-partialing (DSP) as proposed by Dekker et al. (2007), which is particularly robust against multi-collinearity and network-autocorrelation.	3
Publication meta-data of these selected journals between 2000 and 2009 inclusive is extracted, as listed in Table 1, from Scopus (an online bibliometric database) by considering just articles and review articles for which their author(s) and affiliation records were available.	2
The values could be changed to suit different practices in other national contexts.	0
Each of these articles accounted for a mean of $392,582 in direct costs (SD $423,256).	4
However, our findings are unlikely to be exceptional, and the scientific community should address potential bias at research meetings.	0
This is a balanced text, providing reasons both for and against family overrule.	0
This paper fills a gap in the literature by showing the equivalence of two existing solutions.	5
Hence, there is a significant difference between the impact factors of the journals in which male and female lecturers at the Faculty of Science, University of Ibadan, publish.	4
Bibliometric analysis is commonly used to study collaborative patterns of researchers (Melin and Persson 1996; Gl?nzel and Schubert 2005), despite some criticisms about its shortcomings (for example, Katz and Martin 1997; Laudel 2002).	3
A total of 5056 articles were published in Chaos between 1991 and 2019, 95% of them being Research articles (Table S1).	2
I suggest it may be time to move away from a focus on QRPs in connection with funding, and rather address the real problems.	5
See Figure 8 for the UK graph, the others being similar.	0
We further take advantage of the Physics and Astronomy Classification Scheme (PACS) codes used by the APS to classify topics in physics.	2
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 63(2):416-420, 2012	0
Aureka is allowed for the analysis of patents filed/granted each year, priority country, inventors, assignees, citation counting, and cluster analysis, while networks of co-authors, countries, institutions, document co-citation networks and document co-citation clusters, are performed by CiteSpace.	3
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):??-?, 2014	0
The dominating view in literature is that, on average, males collaborate more often with males, and females collaborate more often with females (Jadidi, Karimi, Lietz, & Wagner, 2018; Lerchenmueller, Hoisl, & Schmallenbach, 2019; Wang, Lee, West, Bergstrom, & Erosheva, 2019; Holman & Morandin, 2019; Boschini & Sj?gren, 2007; McDowell & Smith, 1992).	1
This means there are clear benefits for Germany in terms of scientific outputs from an increased proportion of women in its scientific workforce.	5
*Correspondence: Jason Priem, School of Information and Library Science, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, 100 Manning Hall, Chapel Hill, NC 27599-3360, USA.	0
Received July 16, 2011; revised September 14, 2011; accepted October 3, 2011	0
In this article, we duplicate the Kim-Grofman (KG) database with more recent data to replicate and extend the findings and rankings in "The Political Science 400: A 20-Year Update" by Masuoka, Grofman, and Feld (2007a), henceforth MGF.	1
The recipient is a mid-career researcher in orthodontics with faculty and research appointments at universities and oral healthcare settings.	2
Figure 4 shows the different states of the system after a number of runs with the bifurcation parameter a = 3.6, as specified by the user in the box at the top right.	4
Articles published since 2015 have fewer citations, and are cited by lower impact journals than articles published before the OAMJ transition.	4
This paper examines CPBF in the light of the determinations of capitalist relations of production captured by the Marxist notion of 'formal subsumption of labour under capital'.	1
Interestingly, impact does not concentrate on top cited papers but is larger on the internationalization of research and on collaborations with industry.	5
Moreover, because PubMed is a medical data set, this study used UMLS as the mapping ontology and applied MetaMap to conduct the text mapping.	2
OA habit strength forms intentions to publish in OA journals and reduces the intention to publish and publishing behaviour in NOA journals.	4
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
The next section provides a short reflection on the definition and identification of TR, followed by a discussion about the relationship between knowledge integration and transformative work.	0
Data collection was conducted via email to 19,649 researchers from the major academic institutions in Norway in September 2017.	2
As we explained clearly in our original paper, this was the spring-board for analyzing these databases, precisely because the first author was requested to provide his Scopus and GS-based h-index for official purposes, even though the accuracy of these indexes is unknown.	3
As for RS and DIV, it can be observed from Models 2 and 3 that both of the two indicators exhibit a positive correlation with policy citation.	4
A reasonable threshold for such an inspection appears to be between 10 and 15%.	5
Controlling for other factors, author gender is an important determinant of citation counts.	4
This article explores how organizational mobility and foreign nationality affect a researcher's chances of an internal career promotion in university systems that do not have rules preventing inbreeding and where teaching occurs mostly not in English but a local language.	1
From the Amsterdam University Medical Center, Department of Experimental Cardiology, Amsterdam, the Netherlands.	0
We first take up the output connections using the joint space of countries and output.	3
Citation analysis has been used to evaluate the performance of science research and to analyze the hot topic of one field.	3
The survey data present a generally high level of support for the impact agenda at the macro level with the majority of respondents (n = 57) agreeing that it is important for research to generate impact (Table 2), though there are mixed views as to whether this has been influenced by the agendas of research councils and research assessment.	4
The relationships between HCP and other indicators were investigated by means of the robust principle component analysis.	3
First, formal research collaboration as measured by multiple authorship in papers presented at the EPC has risen overtime.	4
Received: 8 October 2021 / Accepted: 5 April 2022 / Published online: 3 May 2022	0
We retrieved articles published from 1970 (year of the first record) to 2017 containing the descriptors "Lassa fever" limited to three fields: title, key word and/or abstract, using remote-downloading techniques.	2
Their values are calculated for each year as well as the average value and the results are presented in Tables 2 and 3.	0
All the authors agree with the content of the manuscript, and they have not conflict of interest to report.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
where pk denotes the probability P(X = k) for k = 0,1,2,...; Γ(.) denotes the gamma function (see e.g., [ABRAMOWITZ & STEGUN, 1964]) and α, β and y are parameters so that the distribution has a sense.	0
To identify mandatory research projects that resulted in a peer-reviewed publication, we searched full names of the students and supervisor(s) together with filters based on department and year of research project using validated bibliometric methods.	3
Using a novel data set that provides a unique window into the network of collaborations among demographers, this study contributes to improve our understanding of the discipline of demography.	5
We downloaded the dataset through the Web of Science (WoS) database.	2
We also decided to group the retracted and corrected articles under a single label.	3
As observed in the vertical columns, female authors displayed a strong inclination towards using interviews across five different topics, even in the typically male-favored topic of information organization/ information management.	4
This paper demonstrates the intellectual development of cryptographic research based on quantifiable characteristics of scholarly publications over a decade of the present century (2001 to 2010).	1
Received: 13 January 2015 / Revised: 20 January 2016 / Accepted: 20 February 2016	0
The purpose of our study was to assess the prevalence, characteristics, and trends of retracted publications in the field of orthopaedics.	1
We converted these 4290 pdfs to plain text using the UNIX pdftotext command (Poppler, 2022) and then used MALLET (version 2.0.8RC2), a UNIX topic modelling tool (McCallum, 2002), to calculate possible models, ignoring the stop words on MALLET's default list.	3
Larger systems, such as those of Turkey and Iran, tend to have lower results in scientific influence indicators.	5
Four indicators of their scientific publication performance are analyzed and compared: productivity, collaboration, internationality, and independence—each of them capturing a different aspect of the graduates' research activities.	3
School of Media and Communication, Bowling Green State University, Bowling Green, OH, USA	0
Our work extends the current trend of Altmetrics, which studies and seeks to measure academic impact outside from nontraditional bibliometric sources of interest, by pushing the metric boundaries beyond mere count-based metrics.	5
Methodologically, it seems important to move away from data collection situations in which researchers are invited to enact their quality frames for outsiders.	5
Table 1 Mean values of impact and collaboration by funding sector (weighted samples with FA, WoS 2008-2013)	0
The analysis is based on data from a study on "Dynamics and Productivity of Academic Research", led by Veronica Stolte-Heiskanen.	0
The article subject (e.g., tumor or spine) did not significantly predict citation counts.	4
2 The Swedish Foundation for International Cooperation in Research and Higher Education.	0
Our objective of using the SOuRCe to characterize the organizational research climates in VA facilities leads us to present primarily descriptive data here.	3
We find that since 2000, China and the U.S. have led the field in terms of impact, novelty, productivity, and workforce.	4
Thus, the total number of data is 1,865 documents retrieved from WoS that were found to be valid with our data restriction.	2
Box-plot visualization of sentiment scores for closed- and open-access journals in four quartiles	0
In this section, we test our hypotheses, examining the relationship between decisions to leave a host country, the destination country (home country or third country) and levels of satisfaction in the host country with respect to the items discussed above.	3
A generalized linear model (GLM) was run, with the number of preprint articles as the response variable.	3
Our study corroborates that our “country-based Impact factor” provides a quick and valuable bibliometric picture in good agreement with the results supplied by other indicators such as the Category Normalized Citation Impact (CNCI), the 5-year impact factor, or the Percentage of publications in the top 10%.	5
The recommendations presented here apply to any domain of science in which some feature of inference could be practically made more explicit and reproducible.	1
The citation analysis of the organizations showed that the International Water Management Institute, Charles Sturt University, and Wageningen University and Research were the top three organizations in terms of total citations (825, 611, and 584, respectively), indicating the most effect.	4
The reader interested in detailed results should see Kostoff et al.14	0
The question was: “What do you use most often to contact this person?”	0
Our results show over two years, 299 letters were published by medical students equating to 45.9% of total letters.	4
Partnership Ability Index is a useful measure of the “breadth” of internationality.	5
Figure 1 Percentage of total funding by year from 1990 to 2020.	0
We employ a manual human-coding approach to classify book reviews in the field of history based on reviewers' assessments of a book author's scholarly credibility (SC) and writing style (WS).	3
Specifically five related statistics were examined, namely the number of oral and poster papers presented, the numbers of frequently cited papers in oral and poster sessions, the total number of citations of both oral and poster papers, the average number of citations of both oral and poster papers, and the average number of citations of each highly cited paper in both oral and poster sessions.	3
Based on number of citations, there are two papers (1.49%) with more than 100 citations.	4
To perform a large scale analysis of the academic literature, we exploit the possibility to access the publicly available Semantic Scholar Academic Graph (S2AG, pronounced “stag”), which provides monthly snapshots of research papers published in all fields [15].	2
The results indicate that our AIRank method, specifically the AIRankBrC method, shows the best performance among all the other methods in identifying influential scholars.	4
Such a reader uses the reference list of manuscripts to approach the background literature for a study already determined to be interesting.	0
Four IS conference proceedings supported by the AIS were the data source for the research.	2
This article it is aimed to identify the main research themes and trends, highlight the gaps in the literature, and explore the potential for research in this field.	1
In our research, the Rao-Stirling Index for BMB doubles over the century with a 32 % increase during the same period that Porter and Rafols studied (1975–2005) showing that the rise in interdisciplinarity is stronger in BMB than in the six disciplines which Porter and Rafols investigated.	4
The main objective of this research is to analyse information competence in the search strategies of young people in Spain aged 18 to 25 in order to provide a diagnosis of the level of this skill.	1
We hope that our sting brings further awareness to the problem of predatory publishing.	5
In ascertaining the effect of data retrieval methods, the authors proposed a new data retrieval method called Keyword-based Data Retrieval (KDR), which uses relevant keywords identified by independent experts to retrieve publications and their citations of the top 30 Asian universities in the Environment field from the entire Scopus database.	3
The results showed a total of 821 theses (493 proposed by men and 328, by women).	4
This paper seeks to fill this gap, specifically with respect to the perception and use of OA journals that follow the so-called golden road,	1
Figures in a graph format were introduced to present patterns visually (see Figure 1).	0
There was no limitation for the year of publication of retractions.	0
To understand how this came about, the paper examines (1) the role of the historical background from which the ISI emerged; (2) the epistemic beliefs that informed the ISI members in their daily professional practice; (3) the social structure of the ISI and its “ethos”; (4) the professional standing Ki?r enjoyed within the international statistical community.	1
To determine the most appropriate data set we randomly selected 10,000 patents from each International Patent Classification (IPC) domain (A.	2
Our aim in this paper is to develop new knowledge about the processes through which early-career scientists construct evaluations of research funding applications as status-bestowing events.	1
universities granted in the 5 years between 1972 and 1976.	2
Coastal flooding research usually involves two or more disciplines and can be considered interdisciplinary.	5
The only difference evident to us is that the geoscience researchers tended to cite more Russian journals, whereas biomedical researchers preferred to cite international literature.	5
Conditional on paper quality, the scientist decides whether to submit to a high- or low-ranking journal (because submission is conditioned on paper type, the proportion of high- or low-quality papers is not relevant to our model).	3
The analysis of the most contributing authors shows that George Chryssolouris with 26 publications leads the list in total publications.	4
Confirmatory factor analysis indicated satisfactory goodness of all fit index values: x2 = 75.53; df = 23; x21 df=3.28; CFI=0.973; TLI=0.958; RMSEA=0.07 and SRMR=0.047.	4
A novel bibliometric index, the E-index, has been presented for bibliometric quantification of research efficiency;	5
For the journals covered by this particular database, the total accumulated citations are led by the USA with 9,863 citations, followed by Germany with 5,325, and UK with 4,843.	4
The number of articles published by an institution in the first quarter (top 25 percent) of JCR in period t is employed to measure its enhanced knowledge creation in period t.	3
We added the publications of each group member to their respective group Google Scholar profile and a junior faculty member monitored the citations that were suggested.	3
We measure the extent to which each term shows technological emergence by assigning an “emergence score.”	3
The sample of empirical analysis was selected as a Chinese institution with two or more papers published.	2
Finally, 38 regulations of the 43 existing faculties in Germany could be included in the analysis (corresponding to 88%).	2
Our approach encompasses instance-based learning techniques to categorize papers into different research domains and distinct prediction models trained on early citation counts for papers within each domain.	3
Here is the list of journals, grouped according to the fuzzy clustering algorithm.	0
In interpreting the main findings of the analysis, it should not be forgotten that universities play the primary role in higher education in addition to research.	5
Scopus is a large bibliographic database containing abstracts and citations to a collection of 21 500 peer-reviewed journals in the social, life, health and physical sciences.	2
This combination of factors has led to a rapid increase in scientific document production.	0
We searched for the number of citations for each article through two main bibliometric sources: Google Scholar (GS) and Thompson ISI Web of Science (WoS).	2
For example of all the award winners found in our sample data set, completing-h succeeded in bringing 79% of award winners in top 10% researchers whereas 82% were brought by K-index and 76% by h-index.	4
One or more of the authors has declared the following potential conflict of interest or source of funding: B.U.N.	0
For information on editorial board composition for the leading journals, we collected editors' names for 17 journals recognized as leading journals according to several rankings (Card and DellaVigna 2013, Kalaitzidakis et al.	2
Thus, the present study measures the research output contribution of different states and their growth patterns.	1
Finally, a tendency towards individual work, with low levels of collaboration among researchers, is observed.	4
no collaboration) and the ACI of Latin-American articles about management because the normal distribution of the dependent variable was not met and the variances are unequal Levene = 29.025, p = .001.	3
Thus, we were left with 353 cases, 33% from health sciences, 28% from IT and 39% from sociology centres.	2
The results showed that the production of information sources has been increasing, with a significant but temporary decrease in 90 s.	4
The most frequent categories of citing articles are presented in Fig.	4
Four journal disciplines—art, law, biology, and aerospace—were finally determined as the research objects (note that LIA journals are the identified research object of this study) according to the areas of the disciplines (humanities, social sciences, sciences, technology).	2
*Normalized citation counts and positive citation attitude are merged together because they yielded identical ranking results.	0
This again indicates that IFs are no good indicator of journal citation records for Water Resources journals, as the highly cited papers take too much time to reach their full "citation potential."	5
This work was also supported by the Ministry of Education of the Republic of Korea and the National Research Foundation of Korea (NRF-2020S1A5B1104865).	0
For Policy B, 8.3% of articles in our dataset would not have been compatible.	4
The data scope of this study is 1,986 articles and 4,350 citations after excluding four non-LIS articles and two unsearchable papers.	2
Researchers categorized the answers using a thematic analysis technique.	3
White circles represent the communities judged unrelated by experts, while black triangles represent the communities related to the research topics.	0
As a consequence, it has been impossible to apply any statistical tools when analysing a real status of journals.	0
4 Due to the limitations of the paper length, data are not displayed and are available upon request.	0
Note The “Number of articles retracted” data (solid line) are the same as reported previously (Grieneisen and Zhang 2012)	0
Three strategies in shaping the field through its journals are discernable: publications strongly characterized by a systems theory perspective, notably Sustainability Science; generalist journals committed to sustainability research in a broader meaning; and publications that address sustainability issues mainly within a specific discipline.	5
The education and learning search terms show a significant rise since the 1990s and especially in the 2000s since the public release of the internet (Figs.	4
What are the differences in scientific publication performance among pre-Bologna and post-Bologna Ph.D.	1
The analyses have been made on the basis of quantifiable characteristics of the publication dataset (as reflected in Scopus) using scientometric methods and techniques.	3
The results reveal that many Iranian studies on COVID-19 were primarily on the issues related to prevention, management, and control.	5
Ali Daud is with the Abu Dhabi School of Management, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.	0
The determination of which specific bloggers would have access to the feature generated a public controversy that was played out in the blogosphere.	1
Finally, Pajek software was used for drawing scientific networks map, representing clusters with more than three members for the scientific network.	3
The central contention is that these need to be understood as a core component of the expansion of neoliberal logics to the academic sphere (e.g.	1
Received 23 May 2023; Received in revised form 22 December 2023; Accepted 25 December 2023	0
The excellence rates are the shares of publications of an institution that belong to the top 10% of most highly cited articles in their particular fields.	3
Does the association between career advancement and mobility instance depend on the researchers' career stage at the time of the mobility?	1
The main limitation of the proposed method is common to all the methods based on co-cites, and is the cold start problem as these systems cannot predict for articles about which it has not yet collected sufficient information.	5
Our study strengthens the state of evidence as it was a longitudinal study using objective indicators of performance.	5
Qualitative studies with methodological rigor, having potential for social and policy implications, are warranted to understand and respect ingrained cultural and socio-economic diversity among these communities.	5
This paper focuses on the policy application of bibliometric analysis in the context of evidence-based policymaking (EBPM), with the aim of reframing the evidence and role of bibliometric analysis.	1
RQ 2: How does rhetorical citing impact the citation churn?	1
It is apparent that PI is not correlated to C/p.	4
We thank Andrea Bonaccorsi (University of Pisa) and Riccardo Fini (University of Bologna), who provided important considerations and discussions on this work.	0
This paper probes into the current status of collaboration regarding the field of the Chinese humanities and social sciences in respects of the degree of collaboration and the status of the relationships.	1
Bibliometrics methodology [56] was adopted to map the time trend, the disciplinary/subject distribution, the high-frequency keywords, the topic evolutions, most influential journals, and citation influence of the related academic articles.	3
The journal with the most documents of type article (excluding editorials, reviews, notes etc.) was selected in each category to represent the field.	2
The informetric tool that we use is the shifted Lotka function: f (n) = C / (n + 1)α	3
Institutions are sized by fractional count and connected to each of their collaborators (analogous to charged balls that repel each other, but also connected by springs).	3
The Cronbach alpha test was applied to each group (traditional, nontraditional, research integrity, Open Science, research climate, and socially oriented), and an alpha coefficient above 0.80 was considered to confirm a high relationship between the activities in each group.	3
Our results show the publication quantity has been increasing at a sharp slope rate over the past twenty years, which indicates the importance and growth of veterinary education and the veterinary communication education research field, and identifies the international collaborations among countries and institutions.	5
The results showed that social science domains tend to be cited with higher sentiment, followed by engineering and natural science domains and lastly biomedical related-domains.	5
A survey method was employed to examine a research model of scientists' article sharing through ResearchGate.	3
The top three countries with the highest number of publications in shale gas research are China, USA, and Canada, while the China University of Petroleum (Beijing), China University of Geosciences, and Southwest Petroleum University China were the three top institutions with the highest number of publications.	4
A shift away from research assessment systems that encourage scholars to produce more and more research outputs towards one that rewards curiosity, innovation, collaboration and public engagement is also needed.	5
We created a database that associates the Thomson Reuters InCites TM bibliometric analytics with more than 280,000 NHLBI-supported publications indexed in PubMed and published between January of 1980 and September of 2013.	2
The only variable associated with National Institutes of Health funding was craniofacial surgery and craniofacial orthodontics fellowship (β = 0.332).	4
This paper will remove these invalid citation data during the experiment, leaving 22,536 valid triangular citation relationship with complete citation location.	2
Fortunately, the first problem does not arise and the second is not at issue in this study.	0
We exported the meta-data of all English papers and their citation counts of the document type “article” which were published between 2000 and 2005 and assigned to at least one of the following ten WoS subject categories: (1) Biodiversity Conservation, (2) Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, (3) Communication, (4) Engineering, Petroleum, (5) Family Studies, (6) Geriatrics & Gerontology, (7) Immunology, (8) Physics, Particles & Fields, (9) Rehabilitation, and (10) Spectroscopy.	2
Additional services and information for Social Science Computer Review can be found at:	0
The following Theorem 6.3 demonstrates that the characterization in Theorem 6.2 is tight: One cannot drop any of the four characterizing axioms without losing the uniqueness conclusion.	5
Inter-rater reliability (IRR) was assessed by randomly assigning the 140 study subjects to three researchers with replacement, which resulted in 19 duplicative records.	3
Does citation level moderate the effect of self-citation on citation density?	1
Of the 1827 chemicals included in the CPI ranking, 1207 contained TK parameter data in the utilized modeling program, httk.	4
On the basis of the information released in the SJR database for 2012, there are a total of 196 journals within the field of cancer research.	4
Other than our search term “Antarctica”, the most frequently used word was “climate change”.	4
The study found that the pandemic had a major impact on various aspects of work-life and scholarly communication of ECRs and this is aligned with the findings of past studies [e.g., 33–35].	5
To say that an article B is co-cited with A means that they are both cited by the same article(s) C?	3
Qualitative analysis of the review texts rules out the interpretation that reviewers focused on potential impact but failed to predict it.	3
We chose to analyse data from the largest of each category: the Medical Research Council (MRC) and the Department of Health's NIHR, respectively.	2
These two journals each received more than three times the number of citations as the next highest cited journal in our list and together account for 52% of the 7,102 total tallied citations.	4
For this case study, Scopus was queried in July 2012.	2
The research field classification of journals is the third pitfall in ESI's selection of Highly Cited Papers.	4
The data for the first part (99 publications) was extracted from the Russian All-Union Institute for Scientific and Technical Information database, abstract journal “Informatics” (Penkova and Tyutyunnik 2001).	2
Citations to these databases between 2000 and 2016 (inclusive) were evaluated by document types and publication growth curves.	2
H-index and SQI values for particular researchers are presented in Fig.	0
We received valid responses from 429 academics, representing a response rate of 47.4 %.	2
These papers have been published from January 2007 to June 2019.	2
We found that the lowest correlation of DALYs with their publication is exhibited by India (0.28).	4
This approach would be the conversion of the starting point, i.e.	3
We benefit from a natural experiment via hybrid OA pilot agreements.	3
The objectives of the study are to determine the: i.	1
Carolin Haeusslerand Anne Assmusjointly performed Conceptualization, Methodology, Data Assembling, Analyzing and Interpreting Data, Writing, Revising, and Editing.	0
We also want to thank Professor Carlos García Zorita for his wise statistical advice.	0
No single country stands out as having an ideal profile in the three dimensions analyzed here: publications, investment, and health.	5
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
We then compare solutions delivered by the different topic extraction approaches in this special issue, and explore where they agree and differ.	1
our committee encountered a lack of interest from some faculty and librarians and had creating too many bureaucratic layers.	4
In November 2012 the Google Scholar Metrics (GSM) journal rankings were updated, making it possible to compare bibliometric indicators in the ten languages indexed—and their stability—with the April 2012 version.	1
What are the most active and influential subjects in Chinese IS research?	1
Therefore, Poisson and negative binomial regressions (NBR) are preferable for modeling count data.	3
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The BS and ET weight factors did not have a substantial influence on the ranking of institutions.	4
A copy of the ESA membership database was obtained in September 2018 and includes current members as well as individuals whose memberships had expired up to eleven years previous.	2
This article proposes the use of the evolutionary approach of the economics of innovation and the Social Network Analysis (SNA) as a measure to understand and compare the different Innovations Systems based on lignocellulosic ethanol.	1
The proposed new measure for the degree of interdisciplinarity is scalable from a unit individually (paper) to a set of them (journal), without more than adding the numerators and denominators in the proportions.	5
Received 16 August 2019; Received in revised form 14 December 2019; Accepted 16 December 2019	0
Presented at the Symposium to Honor John Benson, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, June 12, 1991.	0
Fairness problems were promoted by an increasing number of PIs and an increasing number of scientists from social sciences.	4
This showed the multi-dimensional and multi-faceted character of the shale gas field.	5
Where m is the number of links, Aij equals to 1 if there is a link from node i to node j, Pij is the probability the edge between i and j exists under the null model, gi and hj are communities that the country and discipline belong to.	0
This method of studying CRs is called reference publication year spectroscopy (RPYS), a method based on Galton's 'Wisdom of crowds' (Bornmann and Marx 2014).	3
An ROC curve (Figure 3) confirms the very poor discriminatory ability of percentile score for grants receiving scores in the 20th percentile or better, with an AUC (area under the curve) of only 0.54.	4
In addition, we noticed that PCR and AKC are highly correlated and that the old PCR and the new ACR are correlated and consistent.	4
This article reports the first science mapping analysis of the social work field, which shows its conceptual structure and scientific evolution.	1
The explosion of the World Wide Web is the fundamental event that clearly divides the timeline studied here.	5
We attained a 51% participation rate, yielding more than 5,200 usable surveys.	2
Although results are obvious, we nevertheless performed a two-sample t test (Ho: μ?	3
The total number of items in the sample institutional repositories varied greatly, from 6,399 items to 270,956 items.	2
Twenty-five papers were cited 484 times, representing 47% of all the citations (484 out of 1,020), with an average of about 19.36 citations per paper.	4
However, in general the rank order tended to be relatively stable after small increases in citations.	4
The NIH Reporter database (https://report.nih.gov/) was used to obtain grant funding information.	3
These results suggest that the funding decision process is highly dependent on institutional characteristics.	4
The Web of Science platform draws from several online databases, three of which were particularly relevant for our search: two from the core collection (Science Citation Index, SCI: 7,100 journals; Social Science Citation Index, SSCI: 2,100 journals, etc.) and one from the Arts & Humanities Citation Index (AHCI: 1,700 journals).	2
the clusters about entity associations curated by CTD in the experiment).	5
To improve identification of contributors to manuscripts, editors of medical journals have developed authorship responsibility criteria.	0
Finalmente, se realizó un análisis computacional multiparamétrico por medio de la metodología VIBlioSOM, que se basa en la familia de algoritmos SOM de las redes neuronales artificiales.	3
Ophthalmic journals publishing reviews, basic science, or large volume on broad range of topics ranked at the top for JIF, while subspecialty journals tended to have low JIF.	4
Arguably, in light of the bottom-up definition of societal impact that emerged from the open responses, a greater appreciation of African literature and philosophy in Europe (the humanities example) does not visibly contribute to improving the everyday life of people in SSA.	5
In all UDAs but this one exception, we can conclude that the number of authors is significantly less for specialized publications than for diversified ones.	4
The present study examines citation-based linkage in addition to text-based linkage to link disjoint literatures through a process called bibliographic coupling.	1
Sometimes the corresponding article actually falls outside the scope of the journal in which it was published.	5
The analysis of international collaboration networks reveals a notable evolution of collaboration on hydrogen research with a near 'exponential' growth of inter-country involvements evidenced in Fig.	5
Twitter.com and Mendeley.com were the most common sources of attention.	4
Based on the coword analysis, a social network of historical figures is constructed.	3
Moreover, we assume that if the same group of authors published another paper, the names might appear in a different order, so on average the different geographical affiliations would be cancelled out.	0
We also found that the reliability of ratings is significantly higher for internal applicants.	5
Comparison of the Akaike information criterion (AIC) among four statistical models (normal, log-normal, negative binomial, and gamma distribution) suggests that for all 143 countries, log-normal is the most appropriate distribution among the four types of distribution functions (see Table A1).	3
Based on Scopus' results from 1990 to 2012, the most collaborative country with Middle East countries in diabetes articles is USA.	4
The authors noted that this figure could well be an underestimate considering that there are manuscripts that involve analytical chemistry which are published in journals that are not included in Analytical Abstracts.	0
The author received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
In the simulation study the correlation between the ratio, citations/publications, and publications were found to be approximately zero and the variation of the correlation coefficient is decreasing as the sample size increases.	4
Collaborative behaviour continues to be a central factor in explaining the gender gap in productivity in the early career phase.	5
Using the Journal Citation Reports 2014 of the Science Citation Index and the Social Science Citation Index (n of journals = 11,149), we examine options for developing a new system based on journal classifications into subject categories using aggregated journal-journal citation data.	1
Overall, the findings reinforced a need to develop composite measures of scholarly impact, to reduce excessive focus on methodologies and techniques, to incentivize developing ideas important to external constituencies, and to introduce more applications of theories to practice.	5
The three classical laws observed in other consolidated scientific disciplines, to model the evolution of the publications (Price's Law), the scatter of journals (Bradford's Law) and the productivity of the authors (Lotka's Law), also fits well to the WPS data.	5
The records extracted were analysed for bibliometric characteristics such as the growth in publications, citation analysis, international collaboration, emerging topics and the mapping of frequent terms in publications pertaining to social media in the field of psychology.	3
(2004) and have been assigned different colours in the figure.	3
Our measure of institutional proximity (log_InnoInstCorr) is constructed along the similar lines.	3
The transcriptions of the audio-recorded interviews were analysed thematically based on the research objectives and questions.	3
In the context of up-to-date evaluations, many researchers and institutions are turning towards Kscien's list.	3
In Table 4, member 18, 16, 31, 32 and 17 enter the centrality of combined network Top 10, which show that they occupy a central position in the combined network.	4
However, this is the first time the social structure approach has been used to rank journals.	5
The theoretical model developed in this article predicts that collaboration with top-funded scientists positively affects the number of scientific publications of an individual scientist.	1
1 Are term distributions in the MeSH and KW Plus description systems similar?	1
The publications are divided into the 15 disciplines most relevant to the priorities of the University, and these are summarized in 5 broad research areas: Life Science, Natural Science, Engineering, Social Science and Management, and Arts and Humanities.	2
The three models predictions were combined through majority voting, achieving F1 of 0.96 on the test dataset.	4
Laboratoire de Physique, école Normale Supérieure de Lyon and UMR CNRS 5672, 69007 Lyon, France	0
This list of medical indications (or diseases) was used to search for corresponding scientific pharmaceutical publications in the Web of Science databases (WoS).	2
Have you wonder ever what is the relationship between the number of scientists and	0
While authors tend to be involved in several tasks, subauthors tend to make single contributions.	4
Corresponding authors who published in one of eight major cardiovascular imaging journals in 2021 were requested to complete a questionnaire about scientific integrity in the field of cardiovascular imaging.	2
the total number of citations over the analysed years at the date of data collection was 4,097, with an average of 10.7 citations per document.	4
Only twenty journals (5%), publishing 485 articles per year (<1%), complied with all five principles.	4
In the first part of the analysis, we firstly selected the 50 top-ranked journals (based on impact factor) in clinical neurology from the ISI Web of Science (the titles of the journals are listed in online supplementary Table 1; for all online suppl.	3
The authors sought to develop a new approach to describe the relationship between disease pathophysiology and patient outcomes, so as to maximise the value of sparse disease data and to visually communicate complex disease burden information to non-specialist audiences.	1
The findings indicate that GOA publications achieve higher levels of social media engagement and exhibit citation rates comparable to those of TA publications, even when featured in journals with lower h-index scores, suggesting enhanced visibility and sustained readership.	4
However, we find it encouraging that, once a paper has been reviewed, the variable that best predicts the final editor decision is the review score, and neither author language, HDI or geographic location contribute to explaining the final decision.	5
In what follows, I will describe each stage in some detail by using Espeland and Sauder's (2007, 2016) case study of the U.S.	2
The articles were characterized by citation number, publication year, topic, study design, and authorship.	3
PII: S 0 1 6 4 - 1 2 1 2 ( 0 1 ) 0 0 0 5 1 - 6	0
Social network analysis is a method used to study the relationship between groups of actors which can be persons, communities, organizations, countries and so on.	3
Article-level information for 24,705 Internet studies was retrieved, including author(s), article title, journal title, abstract, author keywords, and cited reference.	2
The h-index and total number of citations were collected with and without self-citations.	3
A total of 2298 Latin American stroke-related reports were identified, most were original research reports (72%).	4
In total, 108 institutions employing 6995 staff submitted 16,038 outputs, including 14,354 journal articles amounting to 90% of submissions (Research Excellence Framework, 2019, 2022).	2
Duke University, Johns Hopkins University, University of California San Francisco and University of Southern California (all in United States) contributed the most papers (n=4, respectively).	4
The majority were epidemiological studies (43.9 %), experimental studies (20.2%), randomized controlled trials (2.2%), and systematic reviews (1.8%).	4
In the present analysis the funding data as well as the bibliometric time series are supplemented with detailed qualitative data of changes in research policy within the same period.	2
(The URLs may need to be copied and pasted into a browser.)	0
However, the more fine-grained the level of analysis, the smaller the correlation: at the level of individual papers the correlation was only r = .302.	5
This model was used to predict the contributions of 222,925 authors in 6,236,239 publications, and to apply a robust archetypal analysis to profile scientists across four career stages: junior, early-career, mid-career and late-career.	2
We found no gender differences for the total number of invitations to review or for days to respond to invitations.	4
For this purpose “Open Access” as well as “JCR” was chosen in the database's “Key features” with further restrictions to “Journal" as "Serial Types” and “Online” and “Print” (the latter is necessary in order to avoid exclusion of relevant titles) as “Format”.	3
2011), we measured the interdisciplinarity by using the integration score (Porter, Roessner, Heberger 2008).	3
Authors should be aware of the diverse publishing tendencies of the different journals in anaesthesia in order to save time and effort when submitting research for publication.	5
First, the analyses are performed on seven subject areas as indexed in Scopus.	0
In-text citations and their exact positions in the text (in terms of character offsets and text progression centiles within the article) were identified in the sentence level data using reference tags.	3
Red de Revistas Científicas de América Latina, el Caribe, Espa?a y Portugal	0
During the subtopic of ‘The bad apples’, the participants discussed various issues of PM.	3
The academic response is evaluated using scientific-publication data concerning the disaster using the Scopus database to present the picture on an international scale and the bibliographic database “Ukrainika naukova” to consider it on a national level.	2
What is the relationship between gender, collaboration, and impact, by levels of human development?	1
The similarity between scientific documents based on the proposed model is composed of four networks: direct citation network, co-citation network, bibliographic coupling network, and textual similarity network.	3
To determine quotation accuracy and whether or not the citing text included assertions related to the efficacy of lecture and active learning, overarching assertion categories were developed that covered possible supported and unsupported assertions (see Table 1 for these assertion categories).	3
A total of 162 electronic invitations were received during the study period.	4
Our evidence suggests that the growing preference of Al researchers to publish in topic-specific conferences over academic journals and the increasing presence of industry research pose a challenge to external researchers, as such research is particularly absent from references made by social scientists.	5
In total, our data set comprises 3,167 articles.	2
In sum, the main aim of this work is to determine whether a set of objective indices of creative scholarship could be reliably extracted from Web of Science (WoS) data and to determine whether these creative scholarship indicators could be correlated with impact and with a previously published measure of bibliometric originality.	1
In US and China female and male scholars reduced their research output at a similar rate.	4
These results suggest that authors should be encouraged to suggest reviewers.	5
The original committee report was previously made available online at http://www.bus.vcu.edu/ economics/harless/harlessp.htm.	0
MAJOR FINDINGS OF EXISTING RESEARCH ON THE PRODUCTIVITY OF POLITICAL SCIENTISTS	0
This is followed by two logistic regression analyses on the determinants of collaborations between demographers.	3
In particular, we count the number of citations a paper receives within two years after its publication and normalize this value by the average citations of papers published in the same year, giving rise to a normalized citation measure c2 that takes into account the citation inflation.	3
In this new context, universities are facing a period of extraordinary change and transition, characterized by an increasing number of	0
A link to an anonymous cross-sectional programme evaluation was emailed to participants who completed the programme.	3
This t test was also statistically significant, with females reporting 2.98 less in publication performance (x = 7.20, SD = 6.00) than male participants (x = 10.18, SD = 8.01), t(484.36) = -5.21, p < .001.	4
To develop a systematic understanding of researchers' adoption of and attitudes toward preprinting, we conducted a survey of authors of research papers published in 2021 and early 2022.	1
For example, for the 1970-1980 cohort we observe G = 0.83 (economics) and G = 0.74 (Nat./PNAS/Sci.) and found that the top 1% of researchers (comprised of 17 and 139 researchers, respectively) held a significantly disproportionate share of 26% and 22% of the total ?	4
A qualitative assessment of the 10 citation classics found several patterns.	3
The path from Medicine to Health Professions has the highest overall normalized weight, indicating a salient flow from the knowledge exporter Medicine to the importer Health Professions.	4
Controlling for the relevant contextual variables, we find that foreign researchers, unsatisfied with aspirational factors (e.g.	4
In this contribution we return to the investigation of mathematical properties of basic h- and g-indices (and a few generalizations such as Kosmulski's index) (Egghe, 2006a, 2006b; Hirsch, 2005; Kosmulski, 2006).	1
Received: 21 October 2021 / Accepted: 23 March 2022 / Published online: 19 April 2022	0
The remaining data were then analyzed using Excel to find calculations and trends by formats, years, subjects, group authors, and source titles.	3
The journal article for the first goal and the book has more weight for the second and third goals.	4
A pattern that emerges independent of discipline is p(c ≥ cx) ≈ 0, meaning that reputation only plays a significant role for c <cx.	4
Having this in mind, this study intends to find out which publications achieve significant values of online trust (i.e., high TF values) on the one hand, and to check whether online trust is related to other dimensions of impact (citation-based impact and altmetrics) on the other.	1
[What I dream about is] forming a company, taking it public, making a number of millions of dollars.	0
Web of Science was not used due to the number of inaccurate researcher profiles.	4
Prominence of research regarding complications may forecast innovative advancements in the future.	5
For RQ5, a two-step approach to structural equation modeling (SEM) was adopted (Anderson & Gerbing, 1988).	3
The findings show that the scientific publications of SBUMS are 6633 publications.	4
A structured search strategy of the title, abstract, and keywords of articles using logical operators and field delimiters was used to identify scholarly content relating to "scope of practice" and associated terms using the search string (TITLE-ABS-KEY ("Scope of Practice” OR (“Role Expansion" OR "Task Sharing” OR "Task Shifting” OR “Delegation” OR Substitution" OR "Role Extension” OR “Title Protection” OR “Delegation"))).	2
4: Profile extraction The first stage consists in profile extraction from different on-line sources using the scraping API.	3
Let us consider the family & of aggregation operators F: S → I given by the equation: F(x) = η(Ι(μ, (φ(x))))	3
United States publications were cited the most (24,795 times) with China ranking second (8151 times), followed by Germany (4366 times), England (3143 times), and Italy (2381 times) (Figure 2a).	4
If retweets are included, the tweet rate for Astro/Particle is 17.8; for Others the tweet rate is 0.37.	4
Our study aimed to assess the relationship between public engagement, quantified by the Altmetric Attention Score (AAS), and traditional research metrics, quantified by number of citations (NOC) per article and the H-index of the first and last author.	1
The data for the collaboration networks was derived from Scopus, a bibliographic database, in July 2013.	2
In this study an overview of the current open access programs and conditions of major journals in the field of medical informatics is presented.	1
We use the number of publications to represent the research activity of reviewers.	2
The two-author collaborative mode based on the academic age is defined to investigate the collaborative pattern.	1
We investigate the movement and productivity of 21,051 highly active researchers who published while affiliated with Taiwanese higher education institutions based on 30 years' worth of publication and affiliation records from 1991 to 2020.	2
The thematic analysis carried out in this study demonstrated that the ratio of "kinetic" and "catalytic" works is close to unity and approximately 40% of the publications in the journal deal simultaneously with kinetics and catalysis.	5
Overall, empirical data supports the hypothesis that the variety of observed programs can be associated to different underlying models of European integration.	5
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 2 times since 2018*	0
4 We thank an anonymous reviewer for suggesting this theoretical possibility.	0
There was a high degree of clustering of output from the top 5% of the institutes.	4
The mapping of FAW research and its scientific networks showed clear geographical patterns across an enlarged Europe with higher activities and stronger linked partners in the Western region.	5
The final sample included 241 articles for analysis.	2
Hu, Naubahar Sharif, Keun Lee, and three anonymous referees for their comments on this manuscript.	0
Also called 'citations per paper' is an index of academic or research impact (as compared with economic or social impact) and is calculated by dividing the sum of citations by the total number of papers in any given dataset.	3
To avoid this and other difficulties, we take an axiomatic approach in our search for an index.	3
More detail on this is presented in Table 3 which indicates the difference it makes when broadening the citation sources beyond Web of Science.	0
In the interests of space, only one factor matrix is presented.	0
Deeper insight into these results shows a relatively high correlation between institutes that boast the highest number of items in the repository, institutes that enjoy the most highly downloaded items and their free full text accessibility through DIGITAL.CSIC.	4
We conducted a co-authorship of countries network visualization employing VOSviewer to identify international collaborations.	3
Therefore, this paper proposes a main path analysis based framework to discover the science-technology-industry linkages, in which scientific publications, patents, and products are viewed as respective proxies of scientific research, technological advance, and industrial development.	1
Blecic is Bibliographer for the Life and Health Sciences and Associate Professor, Joan B.	0
By examining the publication process, and the vital role that editors, referees, readers and publishers play by their critical discrimination in maximising accessibility, I seek to show that anything that reduces the iterative feedback between author and informed critics reduces accessibility.	3
That said, I now proceed to present my findings in full.	0
Based on their narratives, we identified three distinct academic trajectories: (1) going abroad for postdoctoral fellowships, (2) staying as domestic postdocs, and (3) combining advantages as domestic and overseas postdocs.	4
To formally define intermediacy, we assume that each edge e ∈ E is either active or inactive.	3
The purpose of this paper is to study the development of research in computer science in 15 Eastern European countries following the breaching of the Berlin Wall in 1989.	1
There were 3381 original radiologic research articles that were analyzed.	2
Moreover, if scientific references are present, half of them are evaluated as unimportant or background information by the inventor.	4
This brief communication describes medlineR, the method on which it relies, and the steps the user should follow to perform the matching across the two databases.	1
If X and Y are decreasing vectors in (R+)∞ then we define the vectors min(X,Y) and max(X,Y) pointwise, i.e., (min(X, Y))r= min(xr, yr)and(max(X, Y))r= max(xr, yr)	3
The three centrality indicators of degree centrality, betweenness centrality, and closeness centrality are used to measure the evolution characteristics of node level in the network.	3
The empirical research helped to identify four strategies of bypassing paywalled content necessary for effective academic work: (1) relying on open source materials, (2) using social networking portals, (3) downloading papers through intermediaries, and (4) using pirate repositories.	4
The 1Science report uses the Library's ejournal subscription information and COUNTER statistics combined with data pulled from Web of Science covering 2006 to 2015.	2
Whereas over 80% of the publications in most programs in Ed/Ped were published in journals covered by WoS, this percentage fell to an average of 37.5% for the programs in Anthropology.	4
It is worth noting that some other studies strive to furnish systematic evidence attesting to the tangible advantages of interdisciplinarity.	0
This paper identifies potential changes in 25 subject categories through a term comparison of words in article titles, keywords and abstracts in 1 year compared to the previous 4 years.	1
Of the 385 journals previously selected, only 102 reach the high-quality evaluation and were retained for the bibliometric analysis.	2
A total of 20.11% of international co-authorship is observed in organic farming research.	4
From our research it does not follow that answering the research questions formulated at the end of the introduction section is simple: the situation is more complex and country-specific.	5
It is also found that this Matthew effect is stronger for economists who started their academic career earlier.	4
The publication and citation record of each eligible faculty member listed on the respective College website was harvested from the SCOPUS database on a case by case basis.	2
We use Shannon entropy (Lin, 1991; Leydesdorff & Rafols, 2011) to measure the knowledge diversity of the six business fields:	3
The proposed classification is one among other possible ones (e.g.	5
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2022	0
This study selects large-scale information and communications technology (ICT) policies in China as empirical data to investigate underlying policy adoption motivations driving policymakers' choices of policy citations.	2
The indicators SIMILARITY and INTERDISCIPLINARITY are derived from lexical analysis.	3
This study critically examined the increasing threat of predatory publications in academia, revealing how researchers at Pakistan's Higher Education Institutions (HEls) take advantage of this trend for academic gains.	1
After analysing 704 papers published from January 2007 to June 2019 on TRANSPORT, the development of this journal is comprehensively analysed from the perspectives of its status quo and emerging trends.	1
In this study we present the varying involvement of academic researchers and government funding to capture the influence of funded research in order to help government agencies evaluate their efficiency in financing nanotechnology research.	1
Our approach is similar in some respects to grounded theory.	3
The top-ten ranked librarians contributed more than half (53.2 per cent) of all publications, although they showed considerable variation among different metrics.	4
Figure 2 illustrates the results of the simulations of our model indicating the rate at which at least one author would IAU as a function of the authors' contribution and utility from finishing the project.	4
On average, SJRs were highest for journals published commercially.	4
It follows from our analysis that there is not a consistent correlation among productivity (efficiency of the production) and effectivity (understood as the production impact) for the Mexican HEIs (e.g., it is not the case that the more productive institutions are producing the highest impact research).	5
we show that retracted papers receive more attention after publication not only on social media but also, on heavily curated platforms, such as news outlets and knowledge repositories, amplifying the negative impact on the public.	4
Empirical evaluation on real-world data show that PBC performs significantly better than several representative techniques (including link-based, text-based, and hybrid techniques, as well as PubMed) in recommending highly related articles about gene-disease associations.	5
In the case of this study, the average age of citations for the cited references is 13 years (1999).	4
Hence, while grant success generates trust in grant review and matching reviewer competence can impact grant success, the likelihood of matching competence and grant success may vary between (large and small) research topics and perspectives.	5
Overall, ERA researchers were corresponding authors for 50% of the ERA-LAC publications at the interface of biodiversity and climate change, while 30% were LAC researchers (Fig 7).	4
The key advantage of contribution disclosures is that they provide more information about the breadth and types of authors' contributions, reducing the risk of erroneous inferences regarding these aspects based on author order, which is especially useful for middle authors and in larger teams.	5
These comparisons demonstrate a monotonic and highly statistically significant increase in the positivity of writing style with age over the relevant Ph.D.-age range (Figure 1a), mirroring the results in Pennebaker and Stone (2003) based on laboratory experiments on a small sample of creative writers.	4
We identify these tactics and identify countermeasures that should be taken to prevent this manipulation.	1
In detail, we aim at answering two research questions (RQs).	1
The study population was limited to tenured associate and full professors with primary appointments in an epidemiology program.	2
In total, 398 law professors were sent the questionnaire, and 137 completed it (response rate, 34%).	2
It contributes to ongoing debates about diversity, representation, and multilingualism in DH and academic publishing more widely.	5
The analysis was conducted through 7728 cases of plasma surface treatment related to WoS over the last decade.	2
A total number of 123,317 articles were published in the 63 orthopedics journals between 2003 and 2014.	2
Among the nine independent variables related to first authors, six variables showed a significant predictive power for the citation counts of conference papers.	4
Over the past 10 years, America has led oncology research, while China is the sole developing country to be ranked in the top 10.	4
Second, superposed on the overall growth curve, a stepwise development is observed, consisting of long phases of growth and stabilisation.	4
To better address the issue of “journal quality”, we restrict our analysis to journals perceived to be of higher quality among the research community.	3
Inquiries to Hannah Kuper, ScD, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, Keppel Street, London WC1E 7HT; fax: 020-7958- 8317; e-mail: hannah.kuper@lshtm.ac.uk	0
What types of institutions produce the cited papers?	1
It was a profound shock for his friends and colleagues to hear this tragic news.	0
The main aim of this research is to analyse the main keywords of the scientific research about COVID-19, by subject area.	1
We ranked ophthalmology-specific journals by mean 2-year IF between 2009 and 2013 using Thomson-Reuter's Journal Citation Reports?, and selected the top 20 for inclusion [7].	2
We explored the relationship between citation impact and both types of usage counts.	1
This tool takes the authors' self-evaluated probability of misinterpretation (i.e.	3
Schools of nursing should revisit their promotion and tenure criteria and include a greater commitment to encouragement of team science.	5
The authors have no financial or professional relationship with any of the people or devices included in this meta-analysis.	0
We apply two normalised indicators in economics, which are the most important indicators in bibliometrics: (1) the mean normalised citation score (MNCS) compares the citation impact of a focal paper with the mean impact of similar papers published in the same economic subfield and publication year.	3
Providing such data to research managers and policymakers can help inform strategies to enhance both micro- and macro-level efficiency.	5
We find empirical support for a relation between the number of authors and key characteristics of an article like the number of equations, tables or the presence of external funding.	4
This study explores the level of epistemic community formation, as measured by the percentage of recurring authors.	1
To better understand what role people in author’s home country play in diffusing scholarly articles on the social web, we conducted correlation analysis and regression analysis.	3
The journal impact factor is the average number of times articles from the journal published in the past 2 years have been cited in the Journal Citation Reports year.	4
Net of controls, researcher dyads belonging to the same criminological subdiscipline were still 8.88 times more likely to collaborate (95% CI=8.33–9.47) when compared with researchers from different subdisciplines.	4
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
In addition to the crucial role of the state and a lack of university autonomy, what further distinguishes the case of China from other countries in the rankings is a strong and accepted tradition of utilizing quantification, competition, and rating as political tools.	4
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
It uses computational approaches and bibliometric methods such as citation analysis, impact factor or h-index.	3
Bibliometric analysis is an apt tool to answer the above-mentioned research problems.	3
We obtained a list of university related psychiatry training programs from the American Medical Association (AMA)'s FREIDA online database (AMA 2013).	2
had significantly greater mean and weighted RCR scores (P<0.001, Table 2).	4
We will test the hypotheses that the formation of the citation network in the field of information retrieval could be influenced by main and homophily effects from the following factors of cited authors:	0
events occurred at different times for the various jour- nals, we asked all participants to keep the existence of our study confidential until the entire project was finished (i.e., when there were no more resubmitted manuscripts being reviewed).	0
This study presents a bibliometric analysis of the scientific research on soil science conducted in Brazil, based on papers published in journals indexed in the WoS database during the period 1989–2018.	1
Unless otherwise indicated, results are reported as percentages of respondents agreeing with a statement.	0
Further, I have looked for those publications that have received at least one citation and filtered 6754 publications with at least one citation each.	3
The third measure of citation advantage that was investigated in this study is the percentage of articles among OA journal articles and subscription journal articles that, on the basis of the NCS, belong to the 1%, 5% and 10% most frequently cited articles in their subject area.	3
To celebrate its 30-year journey, this article examines 20 conferences organized by PICMET covering 6601 accepted papers in order to show the trends in MET research and implementation through topics, authors, journals, and countries.	1
Their values were imported into Microsoft Excel to construct historical tables for the following variables: total number of journals, total number of publishers, journals per region, journals per country, journals per quartile, and publishers per quartile.	3
Then, countries were ranked according to the citation numbers of their publications between 2006 and 2011, and twenty countries were selected.	2
Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi.org/10.1016/j.respol.2024.105151.	0
Calculate the arithmetic mean of the field and year normalised log-transformed citation counts separately for each year and country (for the main graphs) and for each year, country and field (for field-graphs, shown only in the online supplement).	3
The remaining eight faculty members were not interested in increasing the number of citations to their work via the OACE.	4
Finally, using mapping software of VOSviewer, these 90 important international academic awards were mapped by taking the reputation scores as the weights of awards and the network of co-awardees as the basis of the relationships between awards.	3
Similar to the findings of Miettunen and Nieminen (2003), having more figures or graphs seems to attract more readers (β = .048, p < .001), while the number of tables has almost no effect (B=.001, p = .905).	4
To answer our research questions, we divide all papers into three groups based upon their numbers of citations, namely highly, medium and lowly cited papers and observe how the number of DCCPs was distributed among these three paper types.	3
Overall, the identified retractions indicate that editorial action aiming to correct the literature in Latin American databases has started very recently.	5
The terminology used in this paper refers to the country-specific educational system.	0
We therefore conclude that the Microsoft Academic Phoenix is undeniably growing wings; it might be ready to fly off and start its adult life in the field of research evaluation soon.	5
Differently from other works, that compare the number of preprint depositions before and after the pandemic outbreak, we analyse the depositions trends across geographical areas, and contrast after-pandemic outbreak depositions with expected ones.	3
Their main outcomes were as follows: First, the pathology and diagnostic researches took a major role in top-cited articles while the therapy articles are relatively less.	5
In particular, our results suggest that research that combines cognitively disparate disciplines, what we refer to as distal interdisciplinarity, tends to be associated with more local focus of research.	4
There were 778 unique serials titles cited by at least one of the 50 dissertations analyzed.	4
In our study population, plagiarism represents a significant ethical issue of academic performance among the participating postgraduate students.	5
Against the systemic relevance of research centers, we herewith propose a comprehensive evaluation approach that further develops previous approaches theoretically and methodologically.	1
The dataset consists of 1221 project proposals, the observations submitted during the 2001-2006 period.	2
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
In the case of citation relations, a further distinction can be made between direct citation relations, bibliographic coupling relations and co-citation relations [11].	3
''Hypotheses Development and Literature Review'' section discusses the hypothesis development and literature review.	0
Generalized linear regression analysis was used to calculate adjusted incidence rate ratios (IRRs) for the numbers of authors.	3
We may summarize the main contents and conclusions of this paper as follows: (1) the calendar effect is an interesting problem that may appear when high resolution analysis is used in scientometric studies.	5
In addition, and as a verification activity, searches were carried out in some specialized journals (Political Psychology, Psicología Política -Spain, Psicología Política -Brazil and Revista Electrónica de Psicología Política).	2
The papers with authors from central countries and high-income countries have an advantage of shorter publication time.	4
Our study demonstrates that ICCI has an impact on the scientific impact of IDR.	5
According to Adams (2013), there is a growing divide between the quality of international and domestic research.	5
Using 92 593 papers (Information Science & Library Science area, 1977-2016), we compared, in terms of the number of papers/year, samples of the 100 most impactful papers, obtained with different selection options.	2
We show that citation performance of articles that use different keywords are different.	5
A corresponding analysis with similar results is performed using the multi-author hm-index.	1
This paper focuses on the problem of comparative evaluation and ranking of academic units.	1
A total of 101 copublished and 202 noncopublished Cochrane reviews were included.	2
This has obvious policy implications: it will be essential for emerging research economies to access these networks as they grow.	5
The primary aim of this study was to determine the rates at which scientists report committing or observing the most serious forms of research misconduct, such as falsification, fabrication, plagiarism, and violation of authorship rules in the Croatian scientific community.	1
Vikas Menon, Department of Psychiatry, JIPMER, Puducherry – 605 006, India.	0
Civilians 50% of the articles are focused on the impact of conflict and peace processes on civilians and civil society and the participation of civilians, specifically women, in conflict resolutions and peacekeeping operations.	4
Fifth, the criterion of the top 100 universities ranking is also biased because it compares incomparable institutions that are different in almost all the infrastructures.	3
However, China surpassed Australia in the current decade (2011–2020) in terms of research output.	4
To identify publications related to maternal mortality, we selected all publications in the WoS database in the period 1994–2013 that include ‘maternal mortality’ or ‘maternal death’ in their title or abstract.	2
AI author) and the reviewer type as the between-participants quasi-experimental factor (human vs.	3
Altmetrics at this time are insufficient to replace traditional bibliometrics, but may provide helpful real-time information concerning article dissemination.	5
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
In this study, we used climate change and global warming research as an example to demonstrate our proposed method for the identification of most important researchers, institutions, and countries in breakthrough research.	5
The results suggest that traditional bibliometrics and AAS cannot be used interchangeably but rather complementarily when assessing the impact of journal articles in the nursing field.	5
In the end, the aim of this article is twofold: first, the UNISIST model will be tentatively applied to a well-established scholarly domain, art history, at different stages of its disciplinary life.	1
The exception is proposals for Large Programs, which are assigned to all panels in the appropriate scientific category.	0
We implement a scheme which implies a geometric summation of independent and identically distributed random variables, giving rise to asymmetric Laplace distributions28.	3
There were global contributions from collaborators in 37 countries and 178 institutions.	0
The analysis of China's co-authored, highly cited papers also illustrates China's rising importance in scientific research and collaboration from a different perspective.	1
The JPSP yielded 565 empirical articles, but two of these articles could not be coded due to gender ambiguous names and a lack of Internet record that would reveal gender (e.g., personal webpage, profile on lab/university webpage, etc.), leaving a sample of 563 articles to be coded.	2
Empirically observed distributions of researcher evaluation metrics are highly skewed to the right implying that there are deep inequalities regarding the productivity, collaboration and institutional importance of FS-UNS researchers.	5
The scant literature on individual scientists collaboration dynamics is used to develop a provisional model of research collaboration effectiveness.	1
In the contributing author measure, we give the utmost importance for the services of the corresponding author.	3
Formally, let the citation performance of a reference in MWG from publication year to 1995 be Citbefore, rmwg and the citation performance of a publication in its comparison	0
Publication pressure was associated with more often engaging in one or more QRPs frequently (OR 1.22, 95% CI: 1.14, 1.30).	4
One hundred and sixty-two (29.0%) articles focused on the neuroradiology/head and neck subspecialty, 233 (41.7%) used magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), 190 (34.0%) used mice, 254 (45.4%) used 10–30 animals, 297 (53.1%) had 4–7 authors, 392 (70.1%) were funded, and 222 (39.7%) were from the USA.	4
The InCites dataset utilized in this study was updated on 31 May 2024, and included Web of Science (WoS) content indexed through 30 April 2024.	2
This work is also useful for student identifying graduate schools and for researchers selecting journals.	5
As RUMSEY [2002] says, "References should lead the reader directly to the cited document, not send him on a time-consuming, possibly fruitless search".	0
Finally, the 115 articles were used as the basis for addressing the 5 research questions.	2
To evaluate academic impact quantitatively, we determined the citation pattern of qualitative studies compared with systematic reviews (SRs) and randomized controlled trials (RCTs).	3
To analyse our material, we used affect as a sensitising concept to code narratives, embodiments, and experiences.	3
Our analysis of the productivity of 549 research groups indicated that more PIs on a project increased productivity, but heterogeneity reduced the marginal productivity of research groups when members were from multiple disciplines or institutions.	4
Data analysis was performed using the statistical software package SPSS for Windows (SPSS, version 24.0; IBM Corp).	3
The journal with largest number of top 100 articles was the New England Journal of Medicine (29 articles).	4
If there is a lack of consistency between different reviewers who evaluate the same application, then it is impossible to compare the evaluations of different reviewers who evaluate different applications.	5
Therefore, the aim of this study is to describe the general landscape of the neuroimaging literature, evaluate performance trends of neuroimaging journals as a whole and to analyse four representative journals with the highest and lowest impact factors (IFs) within this category.	1
Specifically, the analysis is based on the data of Scopus and SCImago and exploits the contributions of educational researchers from Germany, Spain, the Netherlands, and Scandinavian countries to leading international journals within the period 2010 to 2015–2016.	1
Global scientific production represents a rapid increase in the PET field in recent years.	5
Using Scopus AuthorID, which we did not assess, Kawashima and Tomizawa (2015) found that this database showed 98% recall success and 99% precision for Japanese researchers' names in the KAKEN database, but this is likely because Japanese have mostly single family names.	4
The database had 484,281 articles published between 1965 and 2019.	2
The majority of retracted articles were from journals with low impact factors and authored by researchers from China, India, Iran, and the USA.	4
Secondly, significant disciplinary variations in female to male authored papers are found, with disciplines like AGR, BIO, MED, MUL and SS have more than 30% of female authored papers, whereas disciplines like ENG and INF have only about 20% female authored papers.	5
The final set of regressions relate to the various impacts of different title characteristics and the log of the number of authors on the number of citations and are estimated by the Tobit estimator with a lower bound of zero, with standard errors again corrected for heteroscedasticity.	3
Drawing on the research grant database, we distinguish Ph.Ds who continued to engage in academic research and those who left academia.	3
We find that newly hired assistant professors in departments with a returning rotator raise approximately $200,000 more, which is nearly half of the average first time grant acquired from the NSF, than similar academics in similar departments without a rotator (research question 1).	4
AR academic reputation, ER employer reputation, CI citation per faculty member, FS student faculty ratio, IF international faculty, IS international students	0
Median number of cites per year to search results in our experiment.	0
The seven publishers used in our analysis are those who supplied the CDL with download data at the JR5 level.	2
The whole data set contains 18,161 entries for academic promotion applications submitted between 2011 and 2019, 12,741 of which were found to contain decisions appointing members to habilitation panels, whereas 3,138 documents named referees in applications for professorship.	2
It is clear from our study that journals with similar impact factors are perceived differently by researchers in the sleep research community.	5
We gathered data from the website of the Italian Ministry of Education, Universities and Research (MIUR) for all currently hired sociologists in Italian universities and research centers.	2
Our previous findings revealed that, apart from the first author, in France, the last author is highly esteemed, in contrast to Japan, where the second author is highly esteemed.	4
Callon’s centrality gauges the connection intensity between a community and others, indicating a theme’s significance in the entire collection, while density assesses the community’s internal robustness, reflecting the theme’s developmental progress [36].	3
More accomplished reviewers, however, were more likely to use longer and more complex words.	4
We assume that the impact depends mainly on "quality", denoted with Z, for the measurement of which we rely on the final judgment expressed by reviewers; hence, quality is expressed through the four-point rating scale already described above (1 for “excellent products"; 0.8 for “good” ones; 0.6 for “acceptable” and 0.2 for “limited”).	3
In this work, country-level trends and collaborative structures are examined with respect to economic group.	1
Introduce a measure of interdisciplinarity from citation analysis.	1
From all articles published between 1970 and 2018, 8,155,083 kinds of author names totaling 118,105,877 occurrences were obtained by this operation.	2
We identified nearly 4000 references to source publications that have a published CRPI.	5
After a brief review of the costs of this 'hidden paywall' and of the tradition of 'great power' linguae francae in which English now stands, this article suggests that 19th and 20th century proposals for the use of a constructed auxiliary language as an aid to global scholarship now deserve to be revisited, with contemporary developments in publishing technology and machine translation rendering them feasible alternatives to the status quo in ways that they were not when first introduced.	3
A second study set was based on data from the Open Access Directory (OAD) mentioned in the introduction section, and labelled as OAD-based Set.	2
Data provided by Journal X includes information on all submissions between late 2008 and early 2014.	2
This increase was highest for clinical trials (+5.67 authors per publication, +97%), the smallest for case reports (+1.01 authors,+24%).	4
Interestingly, ER, EJ and JAE do not exhibit small-world characteristics.	4
The final dataset contains 6936 unique retracted articles.	2
The survey was approved by the Georgia Institute of Technology Institutional Review Board (IRB #H17208).	0
Moreover, we created Country Report Cards for two more countries (Croatia and the Netherlands) that participated in the EnTIRE project (Figure 1), to complete the overview of RI and RE in Europe (The Embassy of Good Science).	2
marketing and management information system (MIS) to explore discipline differences in citation prediction models.	2
In these cases, Lotka's Law relating to the number of papers written by each author did not apply.	0
Publication-related fees may preclude authors from smaller or socioeconomically disadvantaged institutions and countries from publishing and disseminating their work.	5
These calculations are based on a algorithm that was published by Gastner and Newman [19].	3
The research questions were (i) what features of manuscripts are the primary foci of reviewers and editors during peer review?, (ii) how do authors respond to the changes requested by reviewers and editors during peer review?, and (iii) what is the resulting effect of this exchange between reviewers and authors on manuscripts in terms of the length and semantic similarity of text and referencing patterns?	1
(2022a), the dependent variables are countries' number of publications in accounting and management domains which were retrieved from Scopus (2020).	2
The largest attempt to date to assess whether MD-PhD programs are fulfilling their mission was the national MD-PhD program outcomes study, which was released as an American Association of Medical Colleges report in 2018.	1
The size of a node reflects the importance of the topic in terms of its size (number of terms) and its degree (number of links to other nodes).	0
AG and RN manually searched for skin and dermatology keywords in Kscien's Standalone Journals and Publishers sections.	2
The data were analyzed using descriptive statistics of frequency and percentage and were presented in tables and charts.	3
Thus, it appears PIT authors more often cite more prestigious outlets, while the lower-ranked journals more often cite PIT, when compared to the highly ranked journals.	5
Collaboration depends on interactive communications networks among people which can unfold in numerous ways.	0
One critical issue in the balance of expansion is the geographical and institutional distribution of the increase in terms of researchers.	5
Funding information is captured if it is mentioned in the acknowledgment section of the article and if the funding body is included in the FundRef ontology: http://www.crossref.org/fundref/.	0
Its goal is not to be a representative sample of stakeholders in the field, but to cover a broad spectrum of expert views.	0
Additionally, interpreting alternative metrics data requires caution, considering the research fields and the specific platform used.	5
Temple University (USA) is the university that has had the highest number of affiliations in H-Classics works in neuromarketing and neuroesthetics (a total of 12 articles).	4
The PRIs of latecomers contribute about 41% of overall research productivity (Table 3).	4
The final GSS with context for the sentence is the average GSS of itself along with its direct neighbors.	3
The documents used in this study were derived from the SCI-EXPANDED of the WoS Core Collection, Clarivate Analytics.	2
Keywords: Information retrieval; Lexical query; Citation network; Nanosciences; Scientific area delineation; Bibliometrics	0
Therefore, in the comparative evaluation of two papers, the use of the JIF implies a risk of failure, which occurs when a paper in the journal with the lower JIF is compared to another with fewer citations in the journal with the higher JIF.	1
The fifth research question focuses on the popular themes in sustainable competitiveness research; the co-occurrence keyword network analysis is applied to answer RQ5.	3
Once clusters were formed, the investigators examined differences among cluster subgroups in terms of both categorical and continuous factors using Pearson’s chi-square and independent samples t-tests.	3
The question for philosophy and other fields has been whether these new models actually achieve their promises to bring about better kinds of medical knowledge—a question that compels scholars to analyze each model's epistemic claims.	1
Our study highlights the most influential articles on clinical HSCT and provides valuable insight for future research needs of the specialty.	5
This study analyzed the effect of classification systems on bibliometric evaluations of researchers and institutions.	5
For the remaining 8547 articles (93.61% of the total article), Mendeley readership data was collected using its DOIs.	2
Received 22 February 2019; Revised 22 June 2019; Accepted 17 July 2019; Published 25 August 2019	0
The two large, established megajournals—PLOS One and Scientific Reports- exhibit numerous differences in disciplinary composition.	4
To achieve this, we provide a bibliometric analysis of the research contributions to date.	1
Normalization of Ji, considering the cumulative probability or percentile rank Fj(J?) ∈ [0,100%] related to the distribution of the Ji values of the totality of the papers issued by journals in the same SC and issue year of the i-th article of interest.	3
The stability of the structure and parameters of the Bayesian network shows the reproducibility of the experiment.	5
In terms of author-related text attributes, there is a positive correlation between the number of authors and the value of Recommended in HI-papers.	4
Os artigos identificados somam 6.417 documentos publicados entre 2016 a 2021 na área da Ciência da Informa??o indexados na WoS, sendo 2.005 artigos de autores vinculados a institui??es brasileiras e 4.412 artigos vinculados a institui??es chinesas.	2
Contrary to previous studies, our analyses generally find no substantial differences between writing style across the sexes in grant applications within the natural and technical sciences.	4
Clearly nursing knowledge in the form of published scholarly literature is being used both within and outside of the profession.	5
Based on this foundation, we propose the following testable hypotheses: (i) High thematic/ideas connectivity exerts a positive influence on the successful diffusion of an econometric concept.	1
without self-citations (ΔΗ) were significant variables in 2012 and 2016, respectively.	4
The comparison of availability of ORCIDs in PubMed and MEDLINE show higher implementation of ORCIDs in MEDLINE due to differences in the methods used to collect ORCIDs (from publisher for PubMed and from ORCID registry for MEDLINE).	4
We collected the data from the Scopus bibliographic database, considering the authors of the articles published in scholarly journals across the world-not restricted to one particular country or region—as our population of interest, based on authorship rather than academic affiliation (i.e., it includes authors outside the university setting).	2
Which journals cite work published in anaesthetic journals is of potential interest to authors, editors and publishers.	1
In both our WoS and PubMed database, we arranged the data in two ways: "retraction ranking” in which authors are ordered according to the number of their retracted publications in descending order, and “retraction distribution" in which the number of authors is given as a function of the number of retracted publications.	3
Additionally, we calculated the percentage of paper mill papers retracted per year, with respect to the total number of retractions per year, to ascertain the proportion of paper mill retractions compared with retractions for any other reason.	3
Analysis of cross-cluster dynamics shows how these domains integrated from the 1990s onward via technological and informatic capabilities — captured by MeSH belonging to the "Technology, Industry, and Agriculture" (J) and “Information Science” (L) branches - representing highly controllable, scalable and permutable research processes and invaluable imaging techniques for illuminating fundamental yet transformative structure-function-behavior questions.	4
Regarding the citation quality, Dimensions and NIH-OCC achieve the best overall results.	4
Their publication output during the period 2015–2017 in total accounts for 43,641 publications (Table 1).	2
The numbers of patents in drug industry and their annual backward citations from 2006 between 1986 and 2006 are shown as in Fig.	0
In a nutshell, our results, even if largely in line with previous research, depict a more nuanced portrait of the evolution of research interests than previously thought [2, 5, 37, 38].	5
Among these, the Johansen test is one of the most frequently employed methods and can be used to test cointegration between two time series and among more than two series.	3
Changing publication accessibility through dissemination in languages other than English is one of many critical steps needed to create a more diverse and inclusive publication process.	5
The number of topics is set at 20: this number considers the size of the paper corpus as well as previous empirical studies on the cognitive structure of library and information science (e.g., Milojevi? et al., 2011; Sugimoto et al., 2011; White & McCain, 1998; Zhao & Strotmann, 2008).	2
Therefore, we used the first affiliation of a paper in order to simplify our analyses.	3
It is clear that launching, developing, and maintaining a successful OAMJ is a far-from-trivial undertaking.	5
We adopt the definition proposed by [21] of context similarity CSij between PACS i and j as the average over 30 runs of the scalar product among the embeddings:	3
The second source was comprised of 1678 scientists listed on study section rosters affiliated with the following 6 (1st wave) + 9 (2nd wave) 2020 NIH integrated review groups (IRGs): 1st wave; Cardiovascular and Respiratory Sciences; Immunology; Infectious Diseases and Microbiology; Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Neuroscience; Oncology Basic Translational; and Vascular and Hematology; 2nd wave; Biological Chemistry; Cell Biology; Digestive, Kidney, Urological Systems; Endocrinology, Metabolism, Nutrition and Reproduction Science; Genes, Genomes and Genetics; Infectious Disease; Musculoskeletal Research; Oncology Translational Clinical; and Surgical Science, Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering.	2
The study summarizes the research hotspots and development trends in the field of archival digitization.	5
The European co-word network is structured around social networks, corresponding to a community (shown in red) that occupies the center of the network (Fig.	4
To determine the language of a tweeter's general tweets, we read their latest 100 original tweets and manually judge the language of each tweet.	3
We conducted a mixed methods Participatory Action Research (PAR) study using surveys and focus groups.	3
This article explores the linguistic patterns of emotional expression in citation context, and on this basis recognizes the sentimental polarity of citation context.	1
Accordingly, E?tv?s Loránd University (ELTE), Budapest University of Technology and Economics, University of Szeged, University of Debrecen, University of Pécs, Széchenyi István University, Corvinus University of Budapest, óbuda University, Semmelweis University and Budapest Business University of Applied Science have selected for this study.	2
The formula for the Spearman rank-order correlation is, rR = 1 ?	0
The attributes, like h-index, i10 index, citation count, and research interest are collected from Google Scholar while the total number of articles published and authorship details are gathered collectively from ResearchGate and Google Scholar.	2
A hand search was conducted in 7 well-established journals whose scope included oral implant publications with high-impact factors, including Clinical Oral Implants Research (COIR, 2021 impact factor=5.021), Clinical Implant Dentistry and Related Research (4.259), International Journal of Oral & Maxillofacial Implants (2.912), Implant Dentistry (3), Journal of Oral Implantology (1.546), Journal of Prosthetic Dentistry (4.148), and Journal of Clinical Periodontology (7.478).	2
Not surprisingly, papers written by first authors from countries with fewer Facebook accounts had lower scores (Kruskal-Wallis P-value < 0.001).	4
This article combines two basic main paths with the multiple main paths to explore the PR domain from diverse and complementary perspectives.	3
Of all awardees, 73% have current academic appointments, and the mean ± SD number of publications and H-index were 71 ± 82 and 20 ± 15, respectively.	4
The observed change of slope of subject-budget plot (see Fig.	5
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 56(10):1075–1087, 2005	0
The mediated workflow was introduced following an operational review, to ensure higher compliance and engagement from researchers.	3
How did the Journal CHB Impact Factor develop through time?	1
We retrieved the reference list of each publication by querying the Crossref API.	3
Criteria are taken from ISI Web of Knowledge Journal Citation Reports (2012 JCR Science Edition).	2
The progressing covering of JBUON in important biomedical databases and its visibility on international level attracted the attention of a large readership, and submission rate and the number of published articles grew significantly, particularly the number of original papers.	5
Second, the underlying motives for Taiwanese research associates' (i.e., research faculty and postdoctoral fellows) engagement in QAPs were attributable to their attempts to achieve particular career successes and of the desire to consolidate their professional networks.	4
The PMCOA subset is one of the largest publicly available datasets of full-text articles in biomedical and life science.	2
We evaluated our coauthorship prediction using five different classifiers: na?ve Bayes (NB), logistic regression (LR), decision trees (DT), random forests (RF), and gradient boosting (GB) implemented in Python scikit-learn.	3
Our sample was formed from scientists who replied to a query we sent to CRDF Global, which was funding joint projects in this period.	2
Journal of Management Studies is the oldest one (Y: 1964) on this list of core journals.	4
We performed a search of the Web of Science and Altmetric databases using 114 search terms to identify the 50 top-cited and 50 top Altmetric articles, respectively, in the field of NM.	2
To answer the research questions, we employed mixed methods for citation content analysis (Zhang et al.	3
For the comparison to the citation counts in 2013, the 'shared with chemists' has the lowest correlation of all of the evaluations in our survey.	4
The results of this study showed that the H index was strongly correlated with academic rank.	5
The geometric JIF also tends to be slightly better than the arithmetic JIF for the data based on Mendeley readership.	4
of the research focused on publishers and editors of scholarly journals published in, and run out of, the Czech Republic.	1
We collected additional data on usage and readership from the journal's open access publisher website (bepress) and further analyzed the data.	2
Psychological research in general is mainly focused on mental health, anxiety, depression, and stress.	4
This has been confirmed from Mann-Whitney Test where authorship pattern was analyzed in the works published in 2008 and 2012 (two extreme data points in the study).	3
As a variant of the c-index, although also weighted according to author position, the characteristic prime index (c'-index) is fractional and based upon a harmonic series.	3
Overall, the 22 primary studies in this sample were cited 1,429 times by other publications between 1 January 2006 and 28 February 2011.	4
According to these indices, India and Brazil have the highest similarity with the global structure.	4
We designed an interactive poster for display at two venues at a National ACS Meeting that could be used to collect information on members' ethical concerns and to identify what resources ACS members found useful in their professional work or academic studies in ethical decision-making.	3
In this paper we conduct an analysis of Thomson Reuters' Book Citation Index for 2005-2012.	2
Most publications consisted of narrative reviews (42.0%), followed by clinical studies (22.0%), experimental investigations (16.9%), randomized controlled trials (6.0%), and meta-analyses (5.6%).	4
This study presents a review on the finite mixture model within 1988 to 2020 via several dimensions, such as annual production trends, scientific production of journals and articles, author's keywords, and country scientific production.	5
Secondly, from an empirical perspective, we show that the heterogeneous bibliometric distributions of different Italian academic fields collapse into a unique master curve, which differs only for a single scaling parameter.	4
Thus, our results support the idea that a more egalitarian distribution of funds would yield greater collective gains for the scientific community.	5
Of the 70 editors who replied to this question, the average number of reviewers in their databases was 50.72 (median: 30).	4
RQ3: What role have technological and informatic capabilities played in biomedical convergence, and how does this relate to other paradigms such as team science and convergence science, and how does it vary across different scholarly communities?	1
We provide evidence that the number of authors of articles in software engineering is increasing on average around +0.40 authors/decade.	4
Instead, the researchers pointed out that funding could result in predictable, fashionable, short-sighted, and overpromising science.	4
Three additional cases were identified with a similar genotype in a worldwide search; one had an identical phenotype; two had a partially similar phenotype.	2
The development of the Hubrecht Institute mirrors the development of the changes in developmental biology over a century (1916–2009).	5
Discovery was the most prominent category covering about 62% of topics with innovation covering about 38%.	4
(2) Both the innovation of green technology and digital technology have notable positive effects on carbon emissions.	4
The pmparser R package relies on the xml2, data.table, and DBI packages, which provide efficient parsing of XML documents into tables, manipulating the tables, sending them to a database, and manipulating the database from R.	3
The longitudinal network evolution maps also reveal a shift, over the last two decades, from US-Europe centred technology development-interaction to a world in which Asian economies play substantial roles.	4
1552 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—August 2007 DOI: 10.1002/asi	0
While male-only teams have the lowest likelihood of using qualitative research, the situation is more complex for gender heterogeneous teams.	4
The combined global share for the region grew from ~0.63% in 1981 to 1.83% in 2013 (Fig 1).	4
Moreover, visibility and dissemination of the results are the main determinants of publication when choosing an Open Access journal as the first option.	4
The h-index is given by the largest number h of papers of a researcher which have received at least h citations.	3
RQ1: Is it possible to detect different academic behavior patterns among authors working in the same discipline (inter-author variability) using the AutLMs available in online academic profile services?	1
2019) which were available 2008-2017 on 162 countries.	2
A simple 'greater than five' rule was used to create a more concise list; specifically, only 104 of the 1200± journals had been published by more than five of these health economists.	2
2 shows that during the same period of time, the number of science-related patents has increased nearly four-fold, and the proportion of science-related patents has increased steadily over time from 14% to 23%.	4
As expected, our study found that most of the MCAs were published in high-impact journals, which is consistent with the results of other trials.	5
The results of this study show that scientific activity patterns of women and men in Nano S&T are nearly similar to other scientific disciplines, in that men are over-represented whether in the whole Nano community or in the prolific authors categories.	4
Journal Impact Factors were taken from the Thomson Reuter's 2014 Journal Citation Report.	3
The importance of philanthropy to academic research in general and the specific ways in which scientists respond to the venture philanthropy model certainly warrant further study.	5
The results of the longitudinal analysis informed that the decrease in the increment of complexity over time reflected the transition of observed case's strategy from promoting interdisciplinary research to the integration of research outcomes to realize the vision.	4
The following one-dimensional indicators were taken into account: time evolution, production (most productive authors, countries and journals), classification by authors, distribution of works by number of signatures, and collaboration.	3
Each user testing session lasted 45 to 60 minutes, and was facilitated by three members of the RO@M team: the web and UX librarian guided each faculty member through the testing process, the scholarly communications librarian observed the interaction, and a library technician took detailed notes recording participant comments and actions.	3
This research found that German libraries significantly contribute to REF book visibility due to their position as top metadata providers.	4
The dynamics of the model proceed in discrete time steps, each of which consists of three stages: Science, Evolution and Grant-Seeking (figure 1).	3
As a result of using the previous queries, 3779 documents were retrieved.	2
Keywords Highly cited papers · Collaboration Medical research · International collaborative papers	0
Moreover, the percentage of negational citations was actually rather high; 9.1% of the citations were questioned or challenged by the authors.	5
The first step forecasts the future popularity score, a novel indicator reflecting the impact and growth, of candidate topics in a time-series manner.	3
*Periodicals not included in the Scopus and Web of Science DBs.	0
Our analysis suggests that areas of research such as ecosystem-based management and climate change have helped create synergies between the natural and social sciences, pointing to the importance of organizational changes promoting multiple perspectives, the institutionalization of integrated approaches, and openness to diverse understandings.	1
Then, for the reviews with comments, we used procedures consistent with conventional and directed qualitative content analysis to develop a coding scheme and code comments for content, tone, and section of the manuscript.	3
Using data from January 2011, it describes the web-citation network of the world's universities and ascertains the antecedent factors that determine its structure.	1
Visualizations (network and overlay) using program VOSviewer are conducted on WOS data in order to determine co-occurrence and clusters of connected publications, country input and author collaboration (co-authorship) as well as clusters of interrelated research topics (text data).	3
Articles written by authors in low/ middle-income countries are under-represented overall, but even more so among OA publications, raising a concern that authors from these regions face obstacles to using OA to publish and distribute their research work.	5
By comparing a representative sample of National Science Foundation abstracts and project outcome reports (PORs) from 2014 to 2017, this article investigates whether scientists attain the broader impacts they propose.	1
The goal of this article is to fill this gap by exploring whether and under what conditions a rather common non-monetary reward employed by journals, i.e., to recognize reviewers work by publishing their names on a yearly issue, is effective in increasing the willingness of scientists to become peer reviewers.	1
A social network analysis was conducted to visualize the relations of high-frequency key words.	3
I would like to thank two anonymous reviewers for their valuable feedback to improve this article.	0
Despite the many unique GS citing sources, Spearman correlations between citation counts in GS and WoS or Scopus are high (0.78-0.99).	4
Two-thirds of them were written between 2010 and 2018.	4
In order to obtain information on scientific productivity, we searched for the PhD holders on Scopus Database.	2
Please cite this article as: Mei X, Zhu X, Zhang T, Jia Z, Wan C, Worldwide productivity in the hand and wrist literature: a bibliometric analysis of four highly cited subspecialty journals, International Journal of Surgery (2016), doi: 10.1016/j.ijsu.2016.02.029.	0
In LLC (1986–2011), single-authored papers are predominant; the trend over time shows a significant increase in triple-authored papers.	4
The objective of this study is to compare two description systems, MeSH and KW Plus, in documents on biomedical subjects to find the level of concordance between the two systems and to establish empirically if there is neutrality in the use of one system or the other to create topic maps.	1
The data were analysed using the Vantage Point software using the approach described in Kuzhabekova et al.	3
We chose four widely used databases to test our predictions: Scopus, Web of Science, Web of Science (Core Collection) and Google Scholar.	2
Since abstracts have been included into the SSCI systematically from the 1990s onwards, our overall data set for the analysis based on the aforementioned journal selection consists of 4,095 articles and 3,634 corresponding abstracts ranging from 1992 up 2012 (without duplicates; all other types of publications than articles, e.g.	2
The median (p25-p75) of bibliographic citations among 113 centers was 25 (7-96), with statistical differences (P=0.0006) between those 63 who participated in the online survey, with median citations of 43 (13-167) vs.	4
We have analyzed 18,875 articles indexed in Web of Science.	2
The aim of this study was to compare/contrast bibliometric variables between these two journals, one more diverse in authorship and subject matter, and another more narrow and directed primarily toward orthopaedic surgeons.	1
This study uses Information Management journals from the Academic Journal Guide of the Association of Business Schools (ABS Journal Guide) to rank Information Management research institutions in China (Hussain, 2013).	2
The ‘Nature effect’ A paper importance improving deviation of journal 1 can work provided the marginal complexity in determining article importance is below the average writing complexity at the rational equilibrium without salience of article attributes.	4
Given these findings, funding agencies should exercise caution and moderation in the continued funding of graphene science and technology research.	5
All retrieved article citations, including available metadata, were downloaded into an Excel spreadsheet.	2
To retrieve citation metrics for each of these scholars, a search was conducted in both Google Scholar 2015 and the Publish or Perish 4.x series software in the summer of 2015.	3
In what follows, all the proofs are relegated to the "Appendix".	0
Further, the prominent disciplines featured in the salient academic papers were investigated through an assessment using altmetrics.	1
First, our results corroborate previous findings on probabilistic detection of AI-generated abstracts, suggesting that researchers are good, and in our case even better than ChatGPT, at differentiating human- versus Al-generated content.	5
These data suggest that numbers of books and chapters produced over time are perhaps slowing down, but that the publication rates for articles have been maintained.	4
Our results suggest that teamwork coaching can be an organizational mechanism that helps enable teams' capacity to realize performance gains from division of labor and a broad collective pool of knowledge, skills, and experiences, which in turn improves the chances of an awarded outcome.	5
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
in the paper Pj_1 and the credit share is computed using the fractional credit allocation method which is the reciprocal of the total number of authors.	3
The paper, therefore, aims to find out if participation of women is higher in some disciplines as compared to others.	1
After fractionalization, the individual papers are still arranged in the same original sequence of a monotonically decreasing order of impact, taking into account the fact that impact is an intensive property of each paper that does not change with fractionalization.	3
Examples of output types and scoring in the Polish PRFS and the British REF	0
Further, the model also uses cluster robust standard errors to ac- count for heteroskedasticity and serial correlation.	3
During the 2012–2014 period, South African researchers produced 45 343 publications.	2
Herein, we examine articles in four popular journals in the fields of ecology and evolution and one preprint server to assess whether the usage of preprints differs based on career stage.	1
While women have fewer publications and collaborators than their men colleagues, their co-authors are equally resourced, holding similar levels of connections to the co-authors of men (Fig.	4
Additionally, each journal was categorized into one of the medical/science disciplines such as Science, Medicine, Oncology, and Dermatology and Melanoma.	3
As a result, we elected to focus our study on citations from journal articles published during the time period from 2006 to 2010 since it is a recent point in time.	2
The results point to SlideShare being a site that is predominantly for professional users rather than academics, teachers, or students, even though there is evidence of a substantial minority of academic and educational uses, and some uptake by academics of material posted by other professionals.	5
For Ozone, Fullerene and Brunauer–Emmett–Teller equation, the international collaboration rate tend to be higher for the highly cited publications compared to full datasets.	4
A precision test conducted by random sampling indicated that, with a confidence level of 95%, the proportion of WR articles is between 74.2 and 79.2% of the retrieved items, while recall is expected to be high, according to available classifications.	4
Why do some articles in predatory marketing journals receive a relatively large number of citations?	1
Furthermore, based on keyword co-occurrence analysis, major research themes and their evolutions throughout time span are discovered.	3
In the absence of specific signals provided by the community, economists tend to believe that the average RA journal is more prestigious than the average OA journal.	4
Specifically, the study examines the consequences of the mass emigration of Soviet mathematicians following the collapse of the Soviet Union on the output of the mathematicians who remained behind.	1
The paper does not present analyses at the level of individual institutions.	0
Graduates in academia exhibited a higher mean h index (3.9±0.30) compared to private practice (2.0±0.25; p<0.01).	4
They can reasonably be called Very High Quality journals.	5
Our study highlights important challenges facing the transfer of HTA information between Sub-Saharan African countries, as well as important opportunities.	5
This study aims to examine current trends and patterns of North Korea's knowledge production in science and technology (S&T) by employing scientometrics analysis.	1
As TENNESSEE PARTNER is a binary variable, a Probit regression is employed in our final analysis.	3
As a novelty measure of a focal document, we take the q-percentile value of the distance scores (Novelq), where q∈[0,100] and the 100-percentile value is defined as the maximum.	3
The three metrics proposed to measure the number of repetitions of keywords in a journal, the level of concentration of keywords, and the tailedness of keyword occurrence.	1
The central research question we examine is: What are the disciplinary niches of megajournals in contemporary science?	1
The USA and its institutions play a dominant role in this topic.	5
More importantly, citations per article published in Agribusiness have risen rather steadily, with a strong upward trend (1985-2006) until recent years that have not yet had time to receive many citations.	4
As the data are not normally distributed, but rather skewed, we use of non-parametric statistics.	3
Kova?ík for his help in obtaining information from the WoS, and two anonymous referees for valuable suggestions.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
A total of 8485 entries from 1926 to 2013 were collected.	2
The overall acceptance rates for male and female corresponding authors were markedly similar: 26.61% for males and 26.64% for females (Appendix S1: Table S2).	4
A purposive sampling method (Patton 1990) was used to select a group of academic professors across a range of disciplines.	2
This research utilized a total of 3,731,983 references in 192,168 journal articles in the 463 Korean natural science and engineering journals.	2
To distinguish the extracted colors, we did not choose between graphically designed images (e.g., logos, background images, buttons, and other parts of the graphical user interface) and photographs.	3
For the 13,800 URLs identified, page count and visibility were calculated using the Yahoo!	3
Because the main purpose of this study is to establish the technological value of journals, we only address the linkages of those patents that cite journals.	1
Total number of indexed articles and values of the h-index of the fifty most productive countries and multidisciplinary journals were recorded and linked to the number of duplicate and retracted publications in PubMed.	3
Overall, point estimates suggest a modest change in citations after implementation of the PAP – perhaps a 3-4% increase, depending on how citations are measured.	4
Yuanyuan Wang: Data curation, Formal analysis, Writing - original draft, Writing - review & editing.	0
This geographical bias may be a considerable barrier for Chinese scientists (and most likely from those other developing countries) to receive scientific grants, especially in the current competitive times, when one point may decide who wins or loses in the race for scientific grants.	5
Over twenty years, there is evidence of a decline in the percentage of the LIS literature contributed by U.S. academic librarians.	4
In the journal Leukemia in December 2005, the issue had 11 scientific papers in one section with 126 authors (median number 12 authors/ paper, mean 11.4/paper, range 5–21) and 15 scientific papers in another section with 134 authors (median = 7 authors/paper, mean 8.9/paper, range 4–20).	2
Using the case of a South Korean stem cell biologist, we find that a scientific celebrity helps to attract aspiring scientists into his field and to enhance government funding in related research, thereby contributing to the knowledge production of other scientists in the field.	4
The method proposed in this paper seeks to facilitate these otherwise difficult comparisons.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/0264-0473.htm	0
The calculation of an impact factor and encouraging rankings on the SCImago Journal Rank index are expected to lead to increased submission of high quality manuscripts.	5
We extracted from Web of Science all primary research articles published in the ecological journals between 1997 and 2017 (Table 2).	2
Haslam, Department of Psychology, University of Melbourne, Parkville, VIC 3010, Australia.	0
The mean total citation count (within WoS) of the included RCTs was 60.0, ranging from 17 to 300, and the mean citation density value was 4.6, ranging from 1.3 to 15.0.	4
For this reason, we estimated a two-equation Heckman selection model, which allowed account to be taken of the selection into the sample of individuals with a LinkedIn account based on observable variables.	3
From this data-system, we extracted all papers classified in the citation indexes as ‘editorial' or 'editorial material'.	2
It expands the previous paradigm that ignored the large data corpus, aiming to provide certain reference value for future research of academic publishing.	5
The citation advantage of papers whose discipline is consistent with published journals can be explained partly by the principle of least effort, which was proposed by American linguist George Kingsley Zipf (1949) and indicates that people tend to choose the way requiring the least effort to finish tasks.	5
Seven of the responding institutions reported to be involved in publishing scholarly journals, all of them OA.	4
Full record and cited references of the included papers were extracted at other reference software file format and imported into VOSviewer (version 1.6.17, 2021, Leiden University, Leiden, The Netherlands) for further citation analysis.	2
For this purpose, the research performance of these countries was analyzed using multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) methods with the productivity and publication impact data of 38 countries.	2
This study proposes a new scholar performance assessment indicator called the normalized scholar academic productivity (NSAP) indicator, which overcomes the issues posed by raw citation counts and publication counts-related scholar performance indicators by considering diverse aspects of scholar research achievements.	1
Centre for Fluid and Complex Systems, Coventry University, Coventry CV1 5FB, UK	0
This would suggest that xenophobia on the part of either Russia or the US is misplaced and detrimental to the development of global scientific efforts, particularly in problems where the two countries can benefit from each other's expertise.	5
In our analysis, we evaluated the impact of citations over three distinct time periods: 3 years, 5 years, and 10 years, which serve as measures for short-term, medium-term, and long-term citations, respectively.	3
All issues of both journals published from 2001 to 2010 (a ten-year period) were used for the study.	2
Additionally, the article also develops a graphical mapping of the bibliographic data by using co-citation analysis (Small, 1973), co-occurrence of author keywords (Wang et al., 2018) and bibliographic coupling (Kessler, 1963).	3
We propose a new method of calculating the impact on knowledge of articles and their citations, creating citation networks, and using one of the optimistic fuzzy aggregation norms to estimate the contribution to the knowledge considering the citation inheritance of citing papers to cited papers (paper-children to the paper-parents).	1
The combined effects of more difficulty to be promoted and a higher propensity to leave the university for internationally mobile and foreign scientists were very strong, particularly at an early stage, so that in the considered period, 1457 in 6659 of non-mobile national postdocs became professor in their university of affiliation (21.9%) compared to just 56 in 4503 internationally mobile foreigners (1.2%), or-94%.	5
For all six conferences the estimated value of parameter p is greater than 1, which suggests that the positive feedback mechanism underlies the conference participation dynamics.	4
Moreover, my goal in this study is to provide field-specific information, and data on journals in other disciplines was beyond that scope.	1
The null hypothesis was that there are no factors associated with these students' scientific production conditions.	1
In our model of social impact, a cooperative game is a game where groups of articles (coalitions) may enforce cooperative behavior to gain further recognition and relevance, hence the game is a competition between coalitions of papers, rather than between individual articles.	3
In this contribution, we investigate such collective social behavior using the data for academic promotions in Poland in the years 2011 to 2020.	1
This study finds that university policy is the most critical factor for encouraging academic staff in Saudi universities to obtain more publications.	5
The research question of this article is: How do research groups respond to the introduction and acquisition of excellence funding?	1
The results of the study confirm the OA usage advantage to a certain extent.	4
We, therefore, restricted the analysis to the n = 615 publications located on a citation path from Garcia et al.	2
Characterization of waste recycling (WR) research has to start by defining the scope of this scientific area.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
The main method of collecting empirical information in the reported study was an online survey of Russian sociologists (Guba & Tsivinskaya, 2023).	2
A search of Clarivate Analytics Essential Science Indicators for the period 2010–2019 shows that Africa produced 659,910 publications.	2
All subjects were reclassified under one of these categories except the Scopus subject “Multidisciplinary” (0.67% of Scopus) and subject “Undefined” which was excluded.	0
The evidence for these functions comes from a wide range of sources.	2
Explicit approaches are associated with fields characterized by large or infrastructure-in-tensive projects, whereas implicit approaches often represent unspoken discipline-based norms.	4
To fill this gap, this study proposes a new framework to confirm the lead-lag relationship quantitatively between the intellectual structures identified by the research grant and the research paper from the perspective of the knowledge network, which not only considers the specific topic keywords, but also the links between them.	1
This research seeks to contribute to the current literature in the following aspects.	1
“coauthor ahead of acknowledgement” and “acknowledgement ahead of citation” vs.	3
a) What is the influence of including the new opinion-bearing words in the research domains in SentiStrength for assessment of the impact of tweets on scientific literature?	1
The United States stands out as the country with the greatest number of international collaborations (Figure 2), particularly with South Africa, Uganda and Brazil.	4
Also, mixed panels commented on causality and attribution of impact towards characteristics of applicants and research process more than scientific excellence.	4
Based on ideas above, the key questions to be studied in this research are:	1
Based on the number of publications during the study period no consistent growth is observed in the research activities pertaining to Lavender.	4
(qH + qM)) if a medium-quality outcome is achieved after the peer review is completed (with an expected incentive of ψ/(1 ?	4
Our data demonstrate the indispensable role that preprints, and preprint servers, are playing during a global pandemic.	5
Secondly, a subset of N=3956 social science researchers was employed from an openly available dataset by Baas et al.	2
The USA and China are the two countries with the biggest scientific research influence, and contributed more than two thirds of all ESI-HCPs.	4
We find a nearly perfect fit, as is the case of Zipf's.	0
The search engine obtained a cumulative sum of 2580 documents for the purpose of analysis.	2
Sessa, as Senior Consulting Editor, for review by expert referees, editorial decision, and final disposition.	0
From each article, the following parameters were recorded: article type, number of authors, number of affiliations, source of article (referring to the first author's affiliation), and geographic origin.	2
It currently accepts raw data from the Web of Science, Scopus, PubMed, ProQuest Dissertations and Theses, and select funding agencies.	2
The results of the study found that in the field of NLP, for industrial institutions, collaboration with academic institutions has a higher probability of producing novel papers.	4
The purpose of this paper is to raise awareness of the potential of open bibliometrics, especially for the discovery of previously undiscovered public knowledge.	1
Data for patent analysis came from two large patent data sources, and Fig.	2
The model is a linear relationship between the ith country's share w; of R&D investment gi and its share m?	3
In terms of the processes that are most useful in gathering impact information, the research suggests three key suggestions for collecting impact information amongst service providers such as CEDA.	5
Clustering analysis was used for the evaluation of author and editor key words as well as research areas.	3
First, let us have look at these results and then go on to the interviews.	0
It can be concluded that HCP should be employed for the individuals' evaluation especially in combination with the h-index.	5
The mandatory medical thesis provides a valuable opportunity for pathology residents to engage in research and may be the first step towards publication productivity.	5
But why should we expect certain structural and processing characteristics of journals to be related to citation measures or journal quality?	0
The corresponding 10-year period in PSPB yielded a sample of 531 articles.	2
The topic searches performed for our six RPYS analyses were as follows: (1) "Viterbi", (2) “convolutional code" OR "convolutional codes", (3) "hiddenmarkov model” OR “hidden markov models", (4) "continuous speech recognition", (5) "automatic speech recognition" and, finally, (6) "speech recognition".	2
This paper describes how KISTI, as a research institute of information science, applies its human resources, budget, and information technology infrastructures to publish, archive, and distribute JISTaP and how KISTI affects JISTaP's development opportunities and constraints.	1
Excluding Slovenia, the post-communist countries do particularly poorly in Social Sciences and in Agricultural Sciences, where they do not produce a single above-average discipline.	4
Firstly, we would focus through in-depth qualitative inquiry on the experiences of panelists within two of the sub-panels belonging to Main Panel C (with membership varying between approximately n = 20–30 persons) capturing the perspectives of the Chair, Deputy Chair, main body of academic panelists and user-assessors.	2
The search was conducted in the WoS database on 30 December 2022, and covered the years between 1982–2022.	2
This paper suggests that ECRs' manifestation of publishing ethics is gauged through their publishing practices.	5
Those who are already familiar with this distribution will want to move directly ahead to the section following.	0
It raises a number of questions which have to be answered: how does the journal's wealth grow given a particular allocation strategy of journal resources?	1
After data sampling, we obtain a data sample with 32,671 published papers written in English.	2
We find that knowledge networks represented by algorithms have the same characteristics as other complex networks.	5
To uncover the effect of quantitative assessment on the publication strategies of clinical researchers in Denmark, we interviewed 9 senior researchers at the Department of Clinical Research at the University of Southern Denmark with the lowest and highest values for a, as defined by Hirsch.	1
Often skills are based on tacit knowledge, which is not codified and may not necessarily be easily expressed; often it is gained through practice, such as trial and error processes (Polanyi, 1966).	0
The survey was based on an online questionnaire consisting of six open questions, three of which additionally came with Likert scale answers.	3
These questions will be addressed using bibliographic analysis with data drawn from Journal Citation Reports.	3
To measure the scientific impact of co-authors, we used the average number of citations received by their papers.	3
The correlation coefficients for journal influence, timeliness, and total evaluation score are shown in Table 6.	0
We analysed 118461 papers published by 184561 authors in the top 20 marine and fisheries sciences journals over the years 1991-2020.	2
19) as they impact science and an increasingly commodified healthcare system (Pellegrino 2008).	5
It includes twenty-one papers which are chosen from the book A Century of 'Nature': Twenty-One Discoveries that Changed Science and the Worldby Laura Garwin and Tim Lincoln, University of Chicago Press, 2003, (Garwin and Lincoln 2003) as shown in Table 1, most of which were awarded Nobel prizes so that they belong to high-quality publications.	2
Cluster 4, composed of active and belief-driven people with financial resources, exhibits a balanced gender distribution (50.8% females).	4
At least three errata-original pairs were checked for each journal unless noted.	0
While popular bibliometric measures such as the journal impact factor (IF) and the H-index measure citation-oriented bibliometric impacts, here we propose the E-index to reflect a principal investigator’s research efficiency also in terms of bibliometric data.	1
The study concludes that the CLS has generated a large and growing scholarly community; at the core of the network is a group of highly linked and engaged scholars who have the aptitude and experience to extend their research results into application and use.	5
The starting point of this analysis was to find out which journals are most relevant for researchers in medical informatics.	2
To collect the names of editorial board members, the websites of journals were used.	2
Literature found in the PubMed Central Open Access subset provides detailed information about the nature of the anomaly more often than less accessible works.	4
To check the stability of ranking results in case of variations in ranking methods, we calculate rank correlation coefficients.	3
Among the 11,327 references within the 350 articles of JOI, 2910 references (accounting for 25.7%) are mentioned twice or more within their citing articles, including 1726 (15.2%) twice-cited references, 613 (5.4%) triple-cited references, and 571 (5.0%) references cited four times or more.	2
Factors contributing to the change in departmental h-index over time were assessed using linear regression analysis.	3
In summary, regarding punctuation usage, RA titles are more complex than DD titles are, revealing a generic difference between the two genres.	5
Thus, we split scholars' academic careers into 3 stages: early career, rising career, and mature career.	3
The collection of data from OA journals and content was accompanied by searching the Directory of Open Access Journals (2014).	2
From 1990 to 2012, about 70% of knowledge production on diabetes was done by three counterparts; Turkey (30.2%), Israel (27.4%), and Iran (12.7%).	4
Source of support: This information will be disclosed after passing the review process (contains the affiliation of the authors)	0
Regarding the research papers reporting on funding, it is found that the female gender has more likelihood of receiving funds for their research.	4
Policy document bibliometrics is the method of measuring policy documents and quantifying policy content.	3
It is immediately clear that the w-index is linear in the number of papers in each class, with a coefficient of proportionality that is itself directly proportional to the class index.	4
As we wanted to identify leading trends of each of the fields, the journal 5-year impact factor was used to select the journals.	2
African languages are sparsely represented in these IRs despite the official status they enjoy in the country.	5
The method used to establish the institutional affiliation of the authors is described in the Data Analysis section.	0
OA articles had higher CPY (median (IQR), 3.0 (1.5-5.3) vs 1.3 (0.6-2.7), p<0.001).	4
While the Bourdieusian assumption that “capital breeds capital” seems to apply to two dominant regions (Europe and Northern America), explaining their continued centrality as loci of forest science, it does not seem to apply more generally.	4
After extensive literature reading and investigation, four themes were identified: Institutional construction; Management mode; Management technology; and Archival form.	4
The main effects of major MeSH count, clinical trial design, and especially journal impact factor are noticeably reduced in the mixed-effects model.	4
To perform authorship analysis in the field of IIP, the total number of participated authors was gathered.	3
The 2nd RPC (RPC2) was mainly composed of HCP negatively correlated with SCP.	4
Empirically, this study draws on systematic analyses of institutional policies and survey responses from 33 Australian universities (see Section 5.1).	2
The publication records of 12,231 retracted papers indexed by Web of Science (WoS) are analyzed to investigate (i) the patterns of retraction associated with collaboration and team size; and (ii) the impact of retracted papers on the papers that are citing the retracted papers (retracted citations).	1
In this section, we discuss an heuristic approach, with the final aim of making predictions on the reproducibility of a panel ranking in the pre-meetings phase.	3
I would like to thank Michael Barany, Evan Hepler-Smith, Aileen Fyfe, Michael Gordin, Erika Milam, the attendees at the November 2017 "Funding Bodies in Late Modern Science" workshop, the members of the Consortium for History of Science, Technology, and Medicine's Physical Sciences Working Group, and the referees for productive questions, suggestions, and encouragement.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:277069 []	0
We will now show how to use the closed-form solution such as (10) to reverse engineer the distribution F from the observable reward schemes used in practice.	3
In sum, the present findings confirm the stratifying power of international collaboration in a science system in transition from severe underfunding and a strong national focus to more affluent but highly competitive funding and a strong international focus.	5
Our intent was to learn what resources members use and learn what, if any, resources ETHX and ACS can provide to address their ethics concerns and to increase ethical awareness among ACS members.	1
This paper explores the difference between (open) access and accessibility, by which I mean the ability of scholars to communicate most effectively with each other and with a wider readership.	1
Baldwin, MD, MSPT, MPH, Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, 34th and Civic Center Blvd, 2 Wood Center Philadelphia, PA, USA	0
This makes comparing years of punctuated impact across multiple RPYS analyses problematic.	1
In measuring the research performance of universities, it is only an assumption to assume that each criterion is of equal importance.	5
For projects entailing interdisciplinarity between STEM and non-STEM disciplines, the STEM discipline of Medical and Health Sciences and the non-STEM disciplines of Psychology and Cognitive Science and Studies in Human Societies appear as the leading contributors.	4
We utilize the characteristics scores and scales (CSS) approach to partition citation distributions and implement a specific filtering algorithm to sort out potential highly-cited “followers,” articles not considered breakthroughs.	3
The first model consisted of a negative binomial regression with citations as the dependent variable, and the second model was an ordinary least squares linear regression model with access counts as the dependent variable.	3
Self-reported research productivity was significantly greater among males, those working in academia, and those who graduated from programs that mandated research presentation/publication.	4
The evaluation is based on papers (articles, reviews and conference papers) published between 2008 and 2012 in 22 subject areas.	2
In November 2017, over 800,000 new PubMed records that had been created between 2011 to 2017 were still in-process and not yet indexed in MEDLINE.	4
We used Web of Science as the source of citation data primarily due to its ease of use and few duplicate entries (Sanderson 2008).	2
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):–, 2015	0
The dependent variable is the citation impact, and it is represented by the percentile (percentile) occupied by each article in the respective Web of Science subject area.	3
There are six research perspectives on OGD research.	4
*The author is a Professor of Economics at the University of Nebraska at Omaha.	0
Specifically, this study attempts to address the following three research questions:	0
While readers are narrowing down their reading lists, we hope it will help elevate work that they may not otherwise have seen.	5
Hence, at both the group and individual levels first author publications and at the individual level citations to first author publications and the first author h-index provided a better estimate of scholarly productivity than their respective total publication counterparts.	4
Precise definitions of these terms will be offered in due time.	0
The paper contributes to this discussion by providing quantitative measurement of the fragmentation or cohesiveness level of the field.	1
Table 7 suggests that metrics' variance in all models are best explained by LPH, except for Mendeley Readers.	4
To build up a picture for this article, we first emailed 25 Power Shifts authors (Faciolince and Green, 2019), and then invited further comments and links from readers of the blog.	2
We interpret the changes in the organization of medical research through the lenses of the theory of New Sciences, which puts forward that the application of novel research technologies promotes new epistemological and methodological approaches to the investigation of complex phenomena, increasing interdisciplinary intellectual exchanges.	1
Analysis of fractional offspring distribution reveals that the offspring likelihood shows a “U” shape during a researcher’s whole academic career.	4
Through the bibliometric analysis of the documents on academic publishing cited by WOS Core Collection database, the study identified various types of information about academic publishing, including the disciplines distribution in the past 50 years, top-ranked journals, the evolving trends, the most cited and influencing articles, the outstanding and highly productive scholars, and the institutions, countries or regions contributing to the academic publishing research.	5
For these countries, the annually averaged exploration profiles are found to increase linearly towards exploration from 2000 onward for the USA, 2011 onward for England, and 2015 onward for India.	5
The interval between Christmas and New Year's day has an average papers trend close to that of normal period but with significantly lower frequency of paper per day (?50%).	4
In August 2017, we visited each of the 29 CARL member library's websites (excluding the University of Saskatchewan) and searched or browsed for publicly available communications about any major collections cancellations that may have occurred in recent years.	2
To broaden the evidence base and recognise that developing connections to international star scientists has been a particular policy focus for smaller open economies (SOEs), our data are drawn from academic departments in Ireland, Denmark and New Zealand.	2
Considering the enormous progress in the field of neuropharmacology and its global importance, as well as the lack of bibliometric studies examining this field as a whole, it is a high time to assess the prevailing topics and citation performances of its research works.	1
All articles published in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery from January 1, 2017, to January 1, 2019, were identified.	2
Another pattern to explore is structural holes (Burt 1992), which are used to estimate the strategic management of a country in co-authorship and co-institution networks.	3
Our study represents a preliminary and exploratory step in the understanding of the coupling and co-evolution of science and technology as different but interacting compartments of the innovation system.	5
Our research suggests that in scientifically developing countries, academic age as a proxy for biological age should be used more cautiously than in advanced countries: ideally, it should be used only for STEMM disciplines.	5
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the "Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
It is a natural phenomenon that plants generate and develop from their seeds.	0
The study also attempts to rank the top-five websites of Pakistani universities by considering four different website ranking systems and compares the WIFs of university websites of other developing countries as well.	1
Interestingly enough, the net result of these changes is that the ratio IDCP/I(C) remains approximately constant (see column 3 in Table 2).	4
We thank Truyken Ossenblok, Ronald Rousseau, and Geert Van den Bossche for their most valuable help, suggestions, and initiative.	0
Related topics of frontiers will focus on: (I) the application of natriuretic peptide, (II) the diagnostic and prognostic value of genes and their related transcriptional translation agents, (III) the use of biomarkers to evaluate and predict the postoperative injury caused by extracorporeal circulation, (IV) and the application of other biomarkers (such as oxidative stress, homocysteine, and thrombosis) to assess and predict damage circumstance.	5
In addition, the study emphasized the need for global awareness, caution when citing articles and ongoing education to prevent the spread of PDJs within dermatology science.	5
Furthermore, the average citation of the GCC countries (5.81) was similar to Turkey (5.66), but less than Hong Kong (17.38), Singapore (12.79), and Japan (11.75).	4
Exclusion criteria were studies unrelated to neurosurgery, without published corrections, non-English records, conference abstracts, or other publications without a full article.	2
The program calculates the h index, g index, total number of paper (Ptotal) and number of single -authored paper (Psingle) of each author.	3
We note that alphabetization scores cannot be calculated for single-author publications.	0
Secondly, the IF-IDF method is adopted to calculate the feature vectors of two citation texts based on the results obtained from the word segmentation.	3
To address the above-mentioned research questions, and to illustrate the tripartite analytical framework developed, work by three research groups will be presented.	3
The results showed that the amount of literature published annually had an upward tendency, and 49.4% of the papers were supported by national or provincial projects.	4
i) Innovation: Does competition promote or reduce innovation?	1
We take advantage of these combined two rich datasets in order to check if journals classified as top class by scientific experts show higher impact and if articles published in those journals receive higher marks in peer-reviewed evaluation exercises with respect to other journals.	2
Obtain records for a set of journal articles from a field, such as from the Web of Science, Scopus, or Dimensions.	2
Descriptive statistics, Spearman rank-correlation analyses, and analyses of variance were performed to measure associations between NOC and AAS.	3
Both metrics were higher among surgeons with a PhD degree.	4
The scholarly impact of publications grows with the complexity of the collaboration featuring the publication byline, but it is systematically lower for private authored publications than for public ones.	4
Textbook citation rankings were most related to h-index-based rankings (ρ = .58) and least related to most-cited publication-based rankings (ρ = .35).	4
Among the bibliometric measures studied (Table 3), the h-index had the strongest correlation with academic rank (r=0.60; p=0.001).	4
Nigeria, Ghana, Senegal, Burkina Faso and Mali were the highest number of publications in respect to productivity, apart from C?te d’Ivoire that had on a value of less than 2, indicating a higher level of productivity, all other countries had on a value greater than 2.	4
Basic health indicators were used, along with the inequity indicator known as INIQUIS.	3
However, although the number of female authors is only about a quarter of the number of male authors, female authors do not lag behind and even score higher than male authors in regard to the influence of their scientific research.	5
In conclusion, the results of our study support the hypothesis that time and personnel with time dedicated to research, considering residents, appear to be a key factor for scientific productivity in clinical research.	5
Received: 18 October 2018 Revised: 9 January 2019 Accepted: 26 January 2019	0
Google Toolbar was used to calculate the page rank of Indian research institutions' websites (on 18th October 2012).	3
In contrast, economics is the most internationalized discipline.	5
The same exercise carried out in 2017 suggests a much higher estimate of 73%.	4
'number of unique Twitter users', improved the adjusted R-squared value of regression analysis in several disciplines.	4
This study provided a large-scale analysis exploring the relationship between human development and gender equity indicators with scientometric measures.	5
To determine whether authors were medical students, affiliation was used and the letters were read to determine whether either the authors explicitly stated they were medical students or whether the letter was written from the perspective of a medical student.	3
Bcp works better than B in at least two aspects: (1) it “punishes” the situations when the SBs experienced early citations instead of continuous sleeping; (2) it allows for comparing the extent of delayed citation impact of publications in different fields with different citation patterns.	4
The articles were sorted according to their citation number and listed in descending order.	3
The latter is accountable for carrying out the peer-review process and for accepting or rejecting a manuscript (PLOS ONE 2013).	0
Whereas the JIFs are based on raw citation counts normalized by the number of publications in the previous two years, IWs are based on the eigenvectors in the matrix of aggregated journal-journal citations without a reference to size: the cited and citing sides are normalized and combined by a matrix approach.	3
The adjectives offered, mostly moral, point to the existence of numerous informally learned rules that, when followed, foster achievement (but by no means guarantee it).	0
Our findings showed an overall increase in the number of researches across time.	5
T-test analysis shows that articles in regular issues are cited significantly more frequently than articles in special issues.	4
The search query was built like the source title “Technological Forecasting and Social Change” and language “English” and year 2019 “exclude” which resulted in 4248 articles.	2
The data for the study were collected from a single location - Nanyang Technological University, Singapore between November 2014 and January 2015.	2
To evaluate the overall research performance, the Mahalanobis distances were used to identify each scholar and were calculated from selected principal component scores and statistically processed.	3
This study explores the question, extrapolating from studies of an “elite effect" in which the publications of the highest ranked schools differ from other research-intensive schools.	1
the number of countries to which the authors' institutions belonged, to indicate the international extent of the research; (b) the number of different journals where the papers appeared, to suggest the diversity of the output from the publications and; (c) the count of subject areas (subject categories) per paper to indicate a rough measure of interdisciplinarity of the published research.	3
OBJECTIVE: To utilize citation analysis to evaluate the dispersion of neurosurgical CPGs.	1
dominantly male authored papers in research goal orientation (in terms of contributing to societal progress orientation vs.	1
This ongoing study employs citation context analysis to examine the citation functions in social sciences and humanities (SS&H) disciplines.	1
Bibliometric data for the 2012 release covers the 4-year window 2008–2011.	2
The eighty-five Latin American universities ranked as the top fifty according to the world rankings ARWU, SIR Scimago, QS, and Webometric (July Edition) for the year 2019, show different performances.	5
Note: There is an updated version (August, 2023) of this article on the author's website: https://works.bepress.com/diana_hicks/58	0
MEDLINE provides the most comprehensive coverage of addiction treatment literature, but PsycINFO should also be searched for comprehensive searches.	4
The IF of Current Science showed an overall increasing trend by year and the journal was placed in the quartile Q2 within 'Multidisciplinary sciences' category.	5
Subjects with more than 3,500 views per article were epidemiology of infectious diseases, epidemiology of non-infectious diseases, and maternal and child health.	4
Hence, instead of including the full Scopus category, four key general LIS journals were selected: Information Processing & Management (IPM), Library and Information Science Research (LISR), the Journal of Documentation (JDOC), and the Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST), which was formerly the Journal of the American Society for Information Science (JASIS).	2
We conclude that neither WoS nor GS can be used as stand-alone service to discover the scholarly literature of the investigated field.	5
Paper presented at the Fourth International Conference on Bibliometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics in Berlin (Germany), September 11-15, 1993.	0
We analyze this tendency in general and tie formation in international research networks on the country level in particular.	1
However, Web of Science reporting was preferable to Scopus data with regards to pre-1996 scholarly output.	5
Section 3 illustrates the empirical dataset and methodology; Section 4 shows the results of the analyses and Section 5 concludes the work, summarizing the main research findings and providing final remarks.	0
Our message is mainly addressed to the funding agencies and universities that award tenures or grants and manage research programmes, especially in developing countries.	1
This study determines the parts of the network that are structure-related to and, therefore, represented by the MPs, termed the MPs' coverage, using a built-in feature of Pajek called key-node path search.	5
It is unfortunate that retraction of papers due to fraud or scientific misconduct seems a problem of growing importance.	0
The Web of Science database has recently introduced a filtering option to identify papers published in OA journals (Torres-Salinas; Ordu?a-Malea, 2014).	2
Thus, the use of the zp-index may be particularly useful in conjunction with other scientometrics in election procedures for scientific awards and jobs from a pool of candidates, as it can provide a more comprehensive assessment of a researcher's scientific merit than just the number of publications alone.	5
Via a series of communications (Abramo et al., 2018; Rousseau, 2018a; Rousseau, 2018b; Leydesdorff, 2018; Ronald Rousseau, personal communications, February-June 2018; Lin Zhang, personal communications, July-August 2018), we came to the conclusion that RS is flawed as a measure of diversity because of the method of combining the three components of variety, balance, and disparity.	5
Without exception, the US high-citation tails contained a higher percentage of the total number of papers than the European tails.	4
To identify collaborators, we use two open-source software programs: PublicationHarvester, described earlier, and the Stars/Colleagues Generator (S/CGen).	3
We start with a discussion of how we put together our corpus.	0
We collated data on gross domestic product (GDP) for each country for which publication data were available.	2
From the total citations received, self-citations have been segregated against each individual subject discipline and the process has been repeated at the country and the continental level.	3
Bibliometric methods were effective for investigating research areas and hotspots related to Picea.	5
The mistake index (MI) is a relatively novel tool, put forth by Margalida and Colomer (2015) as a measure for reviewer/editor effectiveness.	3
The RCR is a novel metric that utilizes dynamic field normalization to improve upon limitations of other indices such as the h-index.	5
The author who has made the most contributions to the topic of IN is Professor Emil H Schemitsch.	5
We found social media usage, perceived ease of use and usefulness of altmetrics affect the usage of altmetrics.	4
It can be seen that our indicators have the highest Spearman's rank correlation coefficient with future citation counts.	4
Note: number of papers and top 10 percent papers has been calculated with a fractional counting method.	0
We used NACP’s own author database (found at www.nacarbon.org) to identify 1070 individuals who are engaged in 408 scientific projects registered with the NACP, including author, title, abstract and keywords and used these to analyze the connectivity between NACP members.	2
I will begin by presenting the results separately for each author list before discussing them and the results of the weighted MDS analysis.	0
The bibliometric data is obtained from the CWTS (Leiden University) in-house version of the Web of Science.	2
Overall, the distribution of P(An) has a rapid downward trend, which suggests that the laureate's research on the same topic will not be separated for a long time.	4
As such, our results are intended to represent the h-indices for highly accomplished scholars at various ranks in medical education.	5
Our main objective is to create a framework to analyze signals sent from academic journals.	1
Working in tandem with a previous study's report of the UK and the USA were two leading countries in DH research, and the inter-institutional collaboration was more prevalent than the international cooperation (Wang, 2018), this study's results are in support of this finding, revealing the USA, England, and Germany contribute the most to the research, and comprise a large proportion of the collaborations.	5
1 Throughout the study, we use research productivity and research performance interchangeably.	0
The author wishes to thank: the CNR, National Research Council of Italy, for the Short Term Mobility grant which allowed him a Visiting Professorship at the University of Toronto—Munk School of Global Affairs; Prof.	0
aSee text for the explanation of why this paper was corrected, not retracted.	0
The aim of this paper is to explain why the cross-disciplinary field of development studies has relatively low journal impact indicators in comparison with other mono-disciplinary fields of study.	5
Our proposed citation rank, called the spatial diversity citation rank (SDCR), is based on the spatial diversity to measure the impact of authors in author citation network.	3
The article uses the field of sociology to examine publication patterns across a differentiated set of departments.	1
In fact, altmetrics should always be construed contextually, because views, saves, and shares represent different information behaviors and are associated with different rationales behind them.	5
After presenting descriptive statistics and zero-order correlations, a series of multilevel logistic regression analyses was performed using MLwin (Rasbash et al., 2009), which predict the importance that alter has for ego's knowledge.	3
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
As a result, according to our bibliometric analysis, the journal occupies a stable position in specialized international journal rankings along with Journal of Catalysis, Journal of Molecular Catalysis, Applied Catalysis, Catalysis Today, Catalysis Letters, Topics in Catalysis, and others and is making rapid progress.	5
Research productivity was evaluated based on a methodology developed and used in other bibliometric studies by analyzing the annual productivity, names of journals, citations; top 10 active institution and authors as well as country contribution to Urology and Nephrology research.	3
Descriptive statistics were used to explore the data.	3
1 School of Business Administration, South China University of Technology, Guangzhou, China	0
Data on HT exports have been complied on a cash basis for decades by the OECD (2017).	2
The author collaboration rate was 38.56%, the multi-institutional collaboration rate was 12.67%, and the multi-regional collaboration rate was 5.00%.	4
(Note: Zobserved is not carried out by SPSS but can be performed by hand or by using a calculator).	0
This paper offers a novel NLP procedure to identify hot research themes within a given scientific domain, using information extracted from bibliometric databases.	1
To this purpose, we use the full set of 11,487 journals contained in the Journal Citations Report 2016 of the Science Citation Index and the Social Sciences Citation Index, with the question whether and to what extent the different indicators measure the same or different dimensions of or perspectives on “interdisciplinarity.”	2
Rather, our results suggest substitutability between national and international funding.	4
Clearly, the IF of the journal according to the JCR database in the last 10 years has been at a constant level of 0.6 ± 0.1.	4
We take the data for international trade in goods from World Integrated Trade Solution (WITS) web site provided by the World Bank.	2
To investigate this issue, all 3,133,247 patents granted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) from 2008 to 2018 were investigated, and 2,719,705 URLs (patent outlinks) were automatically extracted using heuristics, and analyzed using link analyses techniques.	1
India's research base is completely skewed towards the physical sciences and engineering (nearly 90%) with very little for biological sciences and medicine (the remaining 10%), and virtually none in social sciences, and arts and humanities when excellence at high levels implied by the use of BPR is considered.	5
University level indicators of internationality have been compiled and presented.	1
The data for the project was collected from nearly 700 e-journals that were licensed for system-wide use, owned by, or accessible to the U-MN Libraries users.	2
This research was a combination of descriptive survey and Delphi technique.	3
4) could be used to classify citing journals according to their changing dependence on cited journals with time.	5
Together with claimings and intellectually recorded ORCID iDs, we achieved a total number of 186,000 ORCID iDs in the GND at the end of the project period.	4
The research domain was selected for study because of the increasing significance postsecondary institutions give to research productivity as the “gold standard” for measuring career progress in terms of promotion and tenure (cf., Clark, 1987, 1995; Creswell, 1985; Dey, Milem, and Berger, 1997).	0
The central issue of this study is to investigate the characteristics of non-source items and the effect of their inclusion in bibliometric evaluations in the social sciences, specifically German political science publications.	1
Despite the established strengths, Shenzhen still needs to develop suitable technical platforms, human resources training programmes and strong human research subject protection programmes pertaining to clinical research.	5
We observe the professors' research outputs as indexed in WoS in the period 2001-2004.	2
We used the Web of Science and Scopus databases to identify the most frequently cited articles of the Journal from 1920 through 2018.	2
A study from the Harbingers research project provides a comprehensive assessment of the main features of the scholarly communications system as viewed by early career researchers (ECRs) in the final year of the study (2018).	1
As can be observed (Table 1), we can monitor its contribution to various scientific fields over time based on the paper citations.	4
The raw data used in this manuscript is available at https://doi.org/10.3886/E118746V1.	2
Developers of ranking systems should consider adding awards as a variable in assessing the performance of universities.	5
This paper analyses the citation profiles of researchers in fractional calculus.	1
Although the delayed OA came into effect 180 days after publication, there is no obvious difference in terms of article views and number of countries which have article views between two periods of before-OA and after-OA, which suggests that the delayed OA does not bring more readers from developing or emerging countries.	5
More specifically, we combine various data sources to derive a coherent record of indicators including acceptance rates, times between submission and first response and impact factors.	1
Use of a conference hashtag was recorded at 72 of the 116 conferences in the sample.	4
Thus, we identified in the WOS some 95,000 documents published in 2011.	2
This research is significant as it investigates the subtle effects of green investments on business ESG scores in the framework of China's particular corporate environment.	1
To quantify the relationship between existing and new knowledge, we adopt the approach used by Biasi and Ma (2022) as well as Iaria, Schwarz, and Waldinger (2018), which involves constructing pairs of papers.	3
The BIBLIO was developed through two major processes: literature review and the consensus process.	3
We quantify the impact of each publication with the number of citations received within 5 y after publication (c5).	3
Of course, interpretability / recovery of the contents of the documents and the size Z = |L' of the reduced dictionary (which influences computational speed) have to be balanced when a document d is represented by a weight vector vd = (vq, ..., v, ..., v?)' where in this article vd = idfz.	3
The self-cited rate is expressed as a percentage by dividing the number of references to the journal in its own articles by the total number of citations received by that same journal from all journals in the database.	3
Author keywords with the highest occurrence were 'earthquakes' followed by 'disaster medicine', 'disaster planning', 'tsunami', 'mental health', 'disaster preparedness', 'PTSD', 'emergency preparedness', and 'public health'.	4
The study analyzes citations from a representative list of 116 journals from subject areas within communication studies over a 30-year period and addresses research interests throughout the discipline.	1
The aforementioned publications were analyzed in terms of publication and citation numbers, publication types, subject categories, keywords used, co-authorship, researchers with the highest number of publications, institutions and countries with the highest number of document co-citations.	3
The results of the initial keyword search show 5,823 documents (more than 1,000 per month).	2
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Negative binomial regression models were used to examine the dataset.	3
Our investigation results in three disseminating routes of referencing errors.	4
In this explorative study, we have interviewed 12 first authors, each of whom has played a key role in a highly cited piece of research.	1
Here, we examined 4 years (2010–2013) of manuscripts submitted to the Bulletin of Marine Science and paired accepted articles with subsequent citation data.	2
Instead, we exported the bibliographies of these citing articles, separated the references, and searched the separated references for the names of the two lead authors.	3
For this, a network analysis using country and author keywords and emerging technology search algorithms, with regard to novelty, fast growth and impact, were used.	3
Finally, in Table 4 we also show the results of a rank correlation analysis exercise among peer-review and bibliometric evaluations; following HEFCE (2015), we use the Spearman' rank and Kendall's Tau-b statistics, providing a nonparametric measure of dependence among the two evaluations.	3
Correspondence: Inquiries to Jean Anderson Eloy, MD, FACS, Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Rutgers New Jersey Medical School, 90 Bergen St., Suite 8100, Newark, NJ 07103; fax: (973) 972-3767; e-mail: jean.	0
To assess the contents of published research in ESWA journal, an analysis of word frequency and co-occurrence keyword analysis is being proposed.	3
These discoveries, to some extent, confirmed that early identification of the intellectual structure based on the research grant was reasonable.	5
The DOIs of the articles were searched on Altmetric.com.	2
The terminal degree(s), faculty rank, gender, and type of appointment of grant recipients were identified using department web pages.	3
Generally, the altmetrics usage data are more associated with each other when compared to citations.	4
The absence of Chinese people on the international mainstream social web does indeed negatively influence the altmetric performance of Chinese publications.	5
The aim of this paper is to discuss how taking up bibliometric analysis as an institutional practice may have a potential effect on the role of the library and its relation to the wider organizational context of the university.	1
(e) Chinese ECRs are heavy users of social media, they are sophisticated in finding scholarly information online and communicating with peers and colleagues with social media tools.	4
This same study found that in the field of ecology 15% of citations falsely attributed scientific ideas to reviewers of papers, rather than to the original authors of the initial work and resultant paper [8].	4
The asymmetrical (2-mode) matrix of documents versus country names is transformed into a symmetrical co-authorship matrix using Pajek v3.	3
Although the accuracy of references is primarily the responsibility of authors, the journal editorial office should also define a periodic inaccurate citation check task and correct erroneous citations to reclaim unnecessarily lost credit.	5
We run the analysis for the current (as of September 2016) staff of the studied university—244 persons.	2
Journals selected for analysis are based on an evaluation of the research impact of nursing journals from 2007 to 2011 conducted by Sherwill-Navarro et al.	2
We first enquire into the Web of Science Core Collection (SSCI, A&HCI, ESCI, BKCI-SSH) for the terms ‘Balkan' or ‘Southeast Europe' within the titles, abstracts or keywords of all publications covered until 2021 from either the Social Sciences or Humanities (broadly defined).	2
The top 100 highly cited articles were identified.	3
Code availability Routines employed in the analyses are available via the analytic software used—VantagePoint [www.	0
Our analysis makes use of summary statistics, crosstabulations, and correlations.	3
A citation gap overshadows the participation of women in gender studies.	5
With a fast and efficient search algorithm written in SQL which can be applied to the CWTS enhanced Web of Science (WoS) database (starting year 1980) [6, 7, 8] we can tune four main variables: (1) length of the sleep in years after publication (sleeping period s); (2) depth of sleep in terms of the citation rate during the sleeping period (cs); (3) awakening period in years after the sleeping period (a); and (4) awakening citation-intensity in terms of the citation rate during the awakening period (ca).	3
In the same manner as the Export Scores Model introduced by Stigler et al. [16], it is based on pairwise comparisons, however, while the Export Scores Model only measures the direct mutual influences, the proposed approach also measures their indirect influences by integrating an iterative procedure similar to what is found in the eigenvector centrality methods.	3
In its final form, the database includes a large number (N ~ 200K) of advisor-student relationships, with affiliations and keywords on their research topic, over several centuries, from the 14th century until today.	2
Here relative research efforts in physics and chemistry were the best predictors for future economic growth, and efforts in medicine and psychology the best predictors for poor future economic growth.	4
The density of the cancer researchers' co-authorship network is about 0.10.	4
A list of all subfields mentioned in this paper is available in the Supplementary Information.	0
The citation context and its corresponding reference information are extracted and saved in MySQL database.	3
In contrast, this study shows that no relationship exists between quantitative characteristics of authors’ careers and the impact of published SAAs, considering the whole dataset (see Fig.	5
We collected and screened 257,642 articles written by 130,397 authors from 1933 to 2017 in the field of economics.	2
The study presents the leading institutions and countries of the journal.	5
The survey was filled out by researchers in physics, economics and cardiology in the Netherlands, Norway and Sweden.	2
Among these, the top 100 most cited articles (Table 1) received a total of 12,329 citations, with an average citation density of 123.29 citations per article.	4
It is only until 2016 that the citation impact of China's supervisory papers exceeded the United States, as well as the dominant and primary papers in 2018.	4
The price index for the total population of documents indicates that library and information science should be considered a soft science.	4
The categorization of arguments for counting methods was done based on quotations from the 32 studies and no further guidelines for what a counting method measures or how it should be used.	3
Funding This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial or not-for-profit sectors.	0
Tapasree Basu and Ajoy Mallik have contributed equally to this work.	0
For this study, the data is sourced from Scopus on the 4th January 2021.	2
(3) How has research on the topic evolved over the past two decades?	1
The proportion of retracted articles for the SciELO database was approximately 0.005 %.	4
Acknowledgments: We thank the assistance of Academic Affairs Office of Chengdu University of Technology.	0
On simple linear regression, log (AAS) was a positive predictor of log (3-year citations) (P<0.001), and the model was statistically significant (P<0.001).	4
Individuals were included in the initial query if they were located in the United States and had an American Board of Dermatology subspecialty certification year listed for pediatric dermatology.	2
659, see table 4) to present a table of the world’s top 100 institutions in research in the academic field of Management.	0
Who are the users of articles published on Journal.fi platform?	1
We focus on three types of funding accessed by UK-based researchers: national, international, and industry.	1
We find that the journal has since grown in terms of both the number of annual articles and citations.	4
The finding that research productivity was linked to academic work makes sense, given that most research will be conducted in this setting.	5
This implies that applied research for problem-solving purpose has been promoted in North Korea in response to social and economic needs.	5
The evaluation of the proposed approach and comparisons with state-of-the-art three approaches revealed an improvement of 18.96%, 21.77%, and 9.50% in average precision with Ding et al, Shahid et al, and Habib et al respectively.	4
We also demonstrate that there is an imbalance to be corrected.	5
The eight binary supervised learning algorithms were employed to facilitate the binary classification prediction task, including Logistic Regression (LR), Support Vector Machine (SVM), Decision Trees (DTs), K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN), Random Forests (RFs), Gradient Boosting (GBoosting), Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP), and TabNet.	3
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 191412 []	0
We investigated two academic genealogical graphs concerning research conducted in Brazil.	2
In addition, article data were imported into VOSviewer to visualize collaboration networks by author and create concept maps.	3
A Scopus literature search was conducted to identify the 10 most numerically prolific publishing authors in orthodontics for each year during this decade.	2
The platform maintains a database of journals' current editorial procedures, including aggregate statistics on how frequently certain procedures are used.	1
The first component (citation and reader impact) is strongly related to the quality of papers, but the third factor (tweets and the Altmetric attention score) is not.	4
For example, if NCA = 20, SA = 1, and CA = 9, then the AACA would be 2.10 or [(20 – 1) / 9], indicating that more than two authors contribute to each co-authored article.	0
A total number of 913 Original articles were found in regular issues of the Journal, while leaving out six special supplements that were published during the period under study.	2
The review framework explores three sets of review questions addressing Research Productivity, Research Themes and Methods, and Citation Analysis.	1
In this work we propose an analysis of bibliometric data as released in the SCI world report 2012.	2
This study was designed to sample the present viewpoint of faculty at Stony Brook University.	1
This work was financially supported in part by the Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST), Taiwan, under Grant nos.MOST 108-2410-H-002-222-MY3, the Ministry of Education(MOE), Taiwan, under Grant nos.	0
The patterns observed essentially remained the same, especially in the case of core journals.	0
The tidytext library, Zipf's law, topic modeling tools, the contingency coefficient, Cramer's V, and Cohen's kappa were used.	3
This severely limits confidence in any citation based ranking, even the most perfectly executed.	5
Following [12], we only retained papers in the dataset with no more than 10 authors, which left us with 415,342 papers and 4,125,843 citations.	2
The study also assessed topical concerns associated with Vibrio outbreaks via Co-Word analysis [16,17].	3
The empirical investigation of the small-world effect requires a somehow connected network (component), leading to the exclusion of smaller disconnected networks.	3
To analyze the temporal evolution of the Gold Open Access journals' impact and prestige by means of different journal impact measures (JIF, SNIP and SJR).	1
To evaluate the scientific debate around the Altman score, we investigated an internationally published paper in recent years, by adopting the following criteria: Keywords—"Altman score"; Language—"English"; Source type—Scientific Journal.	2
Age at matriculation was calculated as the year of matriculation minus the birth year.	3
The statistical population is all the publications of Iranian researchers in LitCovid.	2
To study scientists' approaches to random grant allocation, interviews were conducted with researchers who represented different characteristics of the scientific field.	2
In general, all the distances considered obstruct IRC, with geographical and cultural distance emerging as the barriers with the highest impact.	4
This refinement led to 9,935 publications being included in the current research.	2
The citations were quantified by three parameters, most citations, highest citation rate, and highest impact factor.	3
Taken together, these results suggest that neither exploration nor exploitation alone is associated with the hot streak dynamics; rather, it is the shift from exploration to exploitation that closely traces the onset of a hot streak.	5
The networks were graphed using the Fruchterman force-directed algorithms with Jaccard's similarity index normalisation (Jaccard, 1901).	3
The paper ends with a discussion of the findings and conclusion.	0
The highest time delay was found to be for the Indian Journal of Chemical Technology, and lowest for the Indian Journal of Chemistry – A.	4
In the end, instant messages of group A, B and C were selected from October 1st, 2011 to February 29th, 2012 and provided by several instant messaging group users in the company.	2
Statistical analysis was performed by SPSS software version 18.0 (Statistical Product and Service Solutions, SSPS Inc., Chicago).	3
NIH funding to anesthesiology principal investigators for each year from 2011 to 2020 was downloaded from the Blue Ridge Institute for Medical Research (Horse Shoe, NC) website as separate Microsoft Excel (Microsoft, Redmond, WA) spreadsheets, which were then merged into a single, large spreadsheet.	2
I am grateful to three students in my Scholarly & Professional Communication course, Hyun-Jung Kim, Joan Lussky, and Linda Marion, for reclassifying database subsets and improving the classification scheme.	0
Also, journal differences and platform differences regarding linguistic characteristics of highly viewed and downloaded articles were existed.	4
Co-authorship information have been collected from three data sources of national-based, discipline-based, and international-based high-impact publications.	2
Thus, we aim to answer the following research question: Has AP started to accumulate during the second half of the Twentieth century?	1
These plots show that when the hjif-index increased, the percentage of journals included in the hjif-core tended to decrease.	4
Moreover, we also found a 1% increase in medical service price level was significantly associated with a 0.34% and 0.24% increase in the medical service expense per outpatient visit and per inpatient respectively.	4
Publishing scholarly articles without legitimate peer review can present numerous risks including: flooding scholarly communications with junk science, exploiting unsuspecting authors and their institutions, authors losing their research findings to greedy unethical entities that will likely become extinct in no time, undermining public trust in published research, and consequently, the serious and major risk of threatening the survival of the reputable OA publishing model.	5
The manuscript’s primary intent was to bring to the fore a comprehensive bibliometric analysis, including multiple points of view, on a topic of great relevance nowadays, namely, natural language processing in social media research.	5
Once the papers were retrieved, authors created a computerised Access database (version 2010) in which the following main fields were highlighted: Article reference code, Title, Year of publication, Author, Gender, Type of authorship, No.	3
This would indicate the use of zero-inflated negative binomial (ZINB) regression (Greene, 2003; Long, 1997; StataCorp, 2011).	3
PB is an employee of Tata Consultancy Services, Mumbai; however, the views presented in this paper are of the author (purely personal) and not of his current or any previous employers'.	0
All in all, our results suggest that early adoption of research in a new technological field in a region particularly depends on the number of innovative actors with a high absorptive capacity for the respective technology.	5
The outcome of the above operations was a sample of 560 valid responses from some 20 different countries (of which 524 were complete, meaning the person answered the entire questionnaire, and not just some of the questions).	2
In general, Scopus offers greater coverage of English and non-English documents (of all types) than WoS.	4
Significant discrepancies have emerged at both the individual level and at the level of scientific disciplinary sectors, while score variations seem to more or less compensate within departments, albeit with some exceptions.	5
From these individual measures, total publication productivity was computed as the dependent variable.	3
How has research in terms of supply chain management evolved over the 30 years of the journal?	1
Extracting these linguistic patterns helps improve the performance of sentiment classification of citation context.	5
The branches interactions reflect the exploration of a new approach to vaccine implementation moving from homologous prime vaccination to heterologous prime vaccination.	4
Is there a relationship between recommendation level and citedness?	1
The corpus used for creating it includes 22,977 articles published in 12 philosophy journals between 1890 and 1979, for a total of around 115 million words (Table 1).	2
Finally, it is important to highlight that the gap is also characterized by a gender bias: there is greater participation by men in authorships with an academic profile in both EPI and the JED conferences, while women authors predominate only as practitioners in JED.	4
Based on requirements of developed protocol for evaluation of HRNs in Iran, 18 HRNs completed the processes of evaluation.	4
Based on a literature-informed normative definition of minimally meaningful JIF differences we determine the share of poorly differentiated journals in each category.	3
The findings from this analysis have provided insight into quotation accuracy when citing Freeman et al. as well as a more comprehensive picture of the scientific discourse surrounding active learning and instructional efficacy.	5
This initiative promoted ORCID registration for all Emory-affiliated faculty, post-doctoral students, graduate students, and scholars (Carini, 2022).	2
In this study, we aimed to use bibliometric analysis to identify the contribution of various countries to the plastic surgical literature over a 5-year period.	1
Considering the previous optimizations of the method, the implemented prototype has been tested on database subset containing 18000 full-text articles from social sciences and humanities.	2
Most of them have greatly contributed to the available tools for scholar evaluation.	0
The assignment of indicators was double-checked by the second author afterwards to minimise personal bias.	0
On the basis of social network theory, the characteristics of interdisciplinary were revealed from three perspectives.	3
The 100 most frequently cited articles addressing the possible role of biomarkers assessment in treatment and outcomes in patients with CHD were reviewed.	1
Through the data extracted from the CCVs of the 73 members of the RN network, we identified 2,360 researchers (including 2,287 non-RN members) and 7,018 collaboration ties among them.	2
Our finding that short-run citation counts are a stronger predictor of long-run article success than JIF is consistent with results presented in previous studies, indicating the results are robust to year of publication and whether we are examining a broad set of economics journals or a narrower set of high quality ones.	4
Department of Orthopedic Surgery, Lenox Hill Hospital, New York, NY, USA	0
We introduce the notation of scientific knowledge role transition as an evolution from informal to formal.	1
Of the 874 respondents, 76% indicated they had reviewed grant applications in the last 3 years; however, the number of reviews was unevenly distributed across this sample.	2
Especially when scientists are young and their articles have received little attention, their deaths stimulate a long-lasting, positive increase in citation rates, relative to trajectories for equivalent articles authored by counterfactual (i.e., still-living) scientists.	4
Examples showing possible ways to correct the institution profile are presented.	1
To cite this article: Pierre Benckendorff & Anita Zehrer (2014): Career and collaboration patterns in tourism research, Current Issues in Tourism, DOI: 10.1080/13683500.2014.896320	0
Considering the fact that authorship order plays such a significant role as a basis for scientific merit, this paper looks into the practices of authorship order from a research ethical perspective.	1
In summary, we have identified and critically examined several inroads to the study of field-type quality notions.	5
For the definitive version of this publication, please refer to the published source.	0
Data visualisations were produced in the form of overlay maps (Carley et al., 2017; Ràfols et al., 2010) for each disease dataset, overlaying the grant, on-target publication and spillover publication datasets onto a MeSH co-occurrence network base map to visualise the distribution of and variation between the datasets.	3
Focusing on the prominent ICML conference, the reviewing platform OpenReview.net provides ratings of submitted papers.	2
The discussions concerning the task description of valorisation show that there is no widely shared description and that the participants were unaware of the task descriptions provided by government and the intermediaries.	4
This study seeks to build upon and refine previous research by examining the bibliometric and altmetric measures associated with green open access (GOA) and traditional toll-access (TA) publications in the chemical sciences.	1
The information collection was conducted in 2 phases.	3
Finally, the intense scientific collaboration that occurs between German and Spanish institutions in solar energy is noteworthy with Germany being the top collaborator for Spain, and Spain the second most occurring collaborator for Germany.	5
Social Studies of Science (SAGE, London, Beverly Hills and New Delhi), Vol.	0
The purpose of this study was to identify the factors associated with scientific production conditions among dental students from the Peruvian capital.	1
Nearly 98% of them were published since the 1990s.	4
The journal published the highest number of original articles was Journal of Endourology with 237 (7.049%), and Surgical Endoscopy and Other Interventional Techniques published 188 pieces of articles (5.592%), followed by the International Journal of Medical Robotics and Computer Assisted Surgery (n = 179, 5.324%).	4
To determine the scientific specialization of territories we use an indicator named Scientific Specialization Index (SSI).	3
On this basis, the authors proceeded with Australia as a relatively uniform and substantial jurisdiction that has made progressively impacts on the field over an extended period.	0
A publication is considered to be internationally co-authored if it has authors affiliated with institutions located in different countries (in our case Norway and one or more other countries).	3
To detect the gender of AI researchers, we utilized machine learning techniques and natural language processing to develop an automatic gender assignment model.	3
The results showed that concatenation and subtraction of embeddings were shown to capture coauthorship relationships well, and tree-based methods performed better than the other methods.	4
The co-authorship network in this study hence consisted of the 239 faculty members in the original dataset who had published in the chemistry field and were employed in Pakistan universities/research institutes.	2
The consequences for the interpretation of the results will be discussed later in the paper.	0
Decreasing quotation errors would require journal publishers to modify their referencing standards and authors of history articles to be more accurate and specific in their use of references.	5
For that purpose, Elsevier's Scopus database was chosen because of its completeness (with over 71 million records), ease of use, and the availability of Scopus Search API, which facilitated the automated extraction of the requested data.	2
When comparing between-group lifetime h-index means (Table 1) for psychology (M = 23, SD = 22.4) and social work (M = 9.4, SD = 9.4), psychology professors were cited more significantly (t = 17.26, p < .001) at a ratio of 2.5:1 over their social work counterparts.	4
Novel input to the database is crowd-sourced by inviting editors and publishers to answer the 12 questions about their journals' editorial procedures in a questionnaire.	2
Two US academic institutions (institution A and B) with repositories meeting the above criteria were identified and several subject areas were chosen based on the number of faculty publications found within subject areas of the repositories.	2
The 115 articles analyzed were cited 842 times in 57 journals.	4
The exploration of artificial intelligence in Oncology is in its early phases but is anticipated to progress rapidly.	5
This method is unique in its focus on the department.	5
Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS), Leiden University, The Netherlands	0
The search strategy resulting in 31,251 records of which 11,442 were published from 2013 to 2015.	2
In conclusion, our study recognizes the trends noticed in scientific publications in the field of rTMS for treating depression, which may benefit the authors, reviewers and editors of journals in directing their efforts to bring about most prominent scholarly work in terms of read- ership, and also aid in prioritizing research funding.	5
4) Can a bibliometric model be used as an auxiliary instrument for peer judgment?	1
This study introduces a new bibliometric approach to study the effects of international scientific mobility on knowledge transfer.	1
American authors collaborated the most (93 countries), followed by Australian (66 countries), British (57 countries) and Chinese authors (54 countries).	4
We first estimate video-specific sales lift of influencer video ads via the difference-in-differences (DID) method using the variation in video posting time for causal identification.	3
A mixed-methods approach was applied to the analysis of the survey data.	3
These data support the presumption that the majority of these solicited journals lack credibility and if granted publication are unlikely to reach a significant audience despite the significant publication fee.	5
The symbol shapes indicate the actors' position: researcher (circle) and government or non-profit practitioner (triangle).	0
Given that scholarly output is used as an indicator in tenure and promotion processes, the present study provides essential reference information for academic psychologists in the United States.	5
In this study, we introduce a new metric called "MAATrica," which serves as the foundation for an innovative method designed to evaluate research papers.	1
(1) Evaluate peer-reviewed publications regarding education in otolaryngology since 2000.	1
We extracted all of the papers from the Web of Science (WoS, Clarivate Analytics) economics subject category published between 1991 and 2013.	2
Citation of research in policy documents in this case did not always provide evidence that the cited research had influenced the policy process, only that it was accessible and relevant to the content of the policy document.	5
These methods fall into two main paradigms, i.e., researcher level methods (Ding 2011; Radicchi et al.	3
Scientific peer reviewers play an integral role in the grant selection process, yet very little has been reported on the levels of participation or the motivations of scientists to take part in peer review.	1
Thus, despite the well-meaning intentions of the reformists who had designed it, the Polish system of academic promotions in the past decade can hardly be regarded as based on pure merit.	5
Pamela Walsh, for her tireless dedication to my academic success and research.	0
The exclusion criterion was the absence of a currently valid regulation for adjunct professorship at an accredited German medical faculty.	2
6; papers including genus or species names were cited on average 6.5 fewer times than papers with less specific titles; F1,2408 = 44.1, P < 0.001).	4
The R software version 3.6.2, ‘Dark and Stormy Night’ was used throughout the analysis.	0
We can conclude that bibliometric analyses provide information on how research is conducted and received, but the data do not account for regional idiosyncrasies.	5
The sampling frame for the survey was developed from publication data from 2001 to 2011 in the Thomas Reuter Web of Science (WOS), which was used to identify publishing biology and physics departments within each society.	2
Thus, the paper clearly conforms with Van Raan's SPs criteria.	4
A problem with these journals is their claim to have proper peer review of articles before they get accepted, although they often do not.	4
Thomson Reuters's Web of Science (WoS) began systematically collecting acknowledgment information in August 2008.	2
Citations for all retracted articles were counted before and after the date of retraction by searching for the article or authors in Scopus18 accessed on 26 February 2016.	3
Coh-Metrix 3.0 and TAACO 2.0) failed to respond to the corpus data.	3
The bibliographic search was run in the Core Collection of Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science, using the connection registered to Carlos III University of Madrid, and in the National Library of Medicine's Medline database, over the PubMed interface.	2
We have presented a novel technique ICRT to conduct issue-based clustering of scholarly articles, which is essential for the analysis and exploration of highly related research findings in scientific literature.	5
To sum up, it should be stressed that it has been found that sales-related topics (techniques, salesforce, etc.) have not and do not play a major place in the global literature on bank marketing.	5
This study aims to describe the existing veterinary education research literature by adopting the systematic bibliometric approach.	1
2014) have originally been used to reduce the distribution of citations over scientific papers to a standard of a small number of classes instead of the theoretically possible unlimited number of events (i.e., citations).	3
our focus is on male-male, female-female, and male-female (or mixed-sex) research collaboration rather than collaboration across countries and institutions.	1
The correlations between age, the independent factors affecting research productivity, and the number of international research publications were determined by Spearman's rank correlation coefficient.	3
In order to address RQ1 and RQ2, we collected the data from WoS of all the articles and reviews of the Information Science & Library Science subject category in the period 1977–2016.	2
1 Percentage of cited articles for OA by FA and collaboration	0
We report an increasing intensity of international city-city collaboration and find that average distance of collaboration of the strongest connections has slightly increased, but distance decay has remained stable over the last three decades.	4
Further, we find that in the anthropology scholarly communication ecosystem, APCs for hybrid journals are more expensive than those for fully gold OA journals, thus contradicting the assumption that gold OA is more costly to researchers.	5
To identify second-act articles, we apply the WSB model to all articles in both data sets and measure the fitting performance of the model using the two-sample Kolmogorov–Smirnov test (Massey, 1951).	3
The journal has space to publish a mass n of papers, where n ∈ (0, 1).	2
Prevailing habitus lowers the relevance of normative scholarship that expresses more radical or transformative visions challenging orthodox paradigms.	4
These relationships result in homophilic networks that suggest a concern about a reduced diversity in theoretical perspective and research methods within the disciplinary field.	4
Results demonstrated that the primary type of research productivity was the same as that of research influence, indicating an upward trend in the first period but a decreasing trend in the second and third periods.	4
However, after we accounted for the lower budgets allocated to ARRA R01s, we found that both types of grants yielded similar citation impacts per $million spent.	5
In order to establish a ranking for the total citation success of the institutes, we eliminate the time effect by using our regression model in Table 4.	3
A total of 2213 articles from 110 issues published between 1967 and 2014 were studied.	2
Despite previous reported data, no association was found between the source of funding and statistically significant results favoring study authors' hypothesis.	4
The journal Breast Cancer Research and Treatment had the highest number of publications.	4
The results of this experiment revealed that Comprehensive Similarity measures provide ranking results which were closer to User Study based ranking results.	4
OSI is a tool to facilitate empirical investigation of how individual differences in science comprehension contribute to public perceptions of risk and like facts.	1
In an atempt to develop a “theory” which would explain the findings of the present study as well as other recent studies, we offer the following:	0
Ironically, the SSCI-indexed marketing journal that cited the hijacked journal the most (with nine citations) is none other than the genuine journal whose identity has been theft.	4
The juxtapositions affirm the point already surfacing in the different versions of the UNISIST model, that is, structures of communication change over time as well as according to the agents that are charting them.	4
However, we retrieved the publications either as they were addressed as "Macau” or “Macao.	0
In FV gradient based detection, as negative value of FV gradient for arcs is used to detect the 'Flow Vergence effect', an arc's closeness to negative value or its closeness to ‘zero cross' can imply its closeness for detection.	3
Slightly less than 10% of the citations came from the 2 years preceding guideline publication, and more than 50% of the references were at least 8 years old.	4
It has been observed that the diversity of academic staff in state universities is more balanced compared to private universities, private vocational schools.	5
This trend is used as an input to predict next years' citation counts, by using Multiple Linear Regression and Artificial Neural Network.	3
This experiment focuses only on the subject of history because book reviewing is important in this field of scholarship and reviews constitute a significant portion of the documents regularly published in history journals (Bilhartz, 1984; Stowe, 1991; Zuccala & van Leeuwen, 2011).	2
The World Health Organization (WHO) stood out as the most notable institution citing COVID-19–related research outputs.	4
But our research shows that there is no consensus on “deserving" or on what type of contribution suffices for co-authorship award.	4
The aim of this study is to develop an integrative understanding of the impact of two diffusion channels (i.e., broadcasting vs.	1
The study addresses two research questions as follows: RQ1.	1
The USA, China and Germany are often part of the countries with the highest number of both publications and citations.	4
Exclusion criteria were journal articles that (a) contained fewer than 5 citations, (b) were not retrievable because of in press status, and/or (c) were not retrievable as a PDF version.	2
The explanatory sequential embedded mixed-methods study aimed to evaluate the teaching quality of returned doctorates compared with their local compatriots and explore teaching-related challenges at public sector universities in Punjab, Pakistan.	1
The baseline equation we use to test our hypotheses is expressed as follows: Yist = Bo + B?CAi,t + B2AFi,t × CAi,t + B3EXPi,t + B4EXPi,t2 + B5AQi,t + 1 + Mi,t	3
For larger teams, we find no significant trends.	5
During the second decade of JBUON the journal has been gradually progressing in regard to the submission rate, the percentage of original papers, contribution of more countries other than Balkan countries, and the number of authors per article.	5
National data used in this study were not analysed on an aggregated country-level (as it is usually the case in the studies discussed above) but on the level of single cited references.	3
The lack of predictability of citation-based measures frequently used to gauge impact, from impact factors to short-term citations, raises a fundamental question: Is there long-term predictability in citation patterns?	1
Our data shows that publishing in these predatory journals is widespread across authors and universities.	4
A considerably larger share of AKA-funded research than universities total peer-reviewed output was published in JUFO-level 2 and 3 publication channels, and also AKA-fellows outperformed AKA projects.	5
Agreement, as a function of the respondents' jury experience, that peer review is flawed and that randomization may be an alternative (percentages)	0
Twenty-five Korean journals with a COVID-19 impact ratio > 1.5 demonstrated a higher JIF ratio (1.31 ± 0.39 vs.	4
Despite these multiple assignments we used the Jaccard Index to measure the concordance between the two journal classifications.	4
The second consists of an account of the social mechanisms through which university rankings generate reactive outcomes that tend to transform universities instead of just measuring their quality.	4
The NYT is referenced in academic articles more than three times as often as its nearest rival, the Washington Post, and more than seven times as much as the Los Angeles Times—Figure 1.	4
We analyzed the sixteen groups by studying their everyday research practices, operationalized by the credibility cycle (see Section 2.3).	3
A total of 7,391,395 documents from 1900 to 2012 were found in SSCI.	2
Thus, COVID-related psychological research does not appear to be less rigorous in these regards than non-COVID research.	4
In conclusion, we found the IJLM publishing around 23 articles per year on average, in its past thirty years.	4
Finally, 4,146 patents and 4,050 research articles were obtained.	2
Received: 10 May 2009; revised 11 June 2009; accepted 18 June 2009	0
Journals varied widely by these measures but, generally, few articles were both scientifically sound and clinically important.	5
The successive emergence of “chained” and “cohesive” structures is essentially the result of joint function of the disciplinary diversity and the topic convergence.	5
We set out to probe the “secrets of the big deal” by sending FOIA requests to a large number of state-funded libraries, asking for copies of contracts to purchase bundled subscriptions from each of six commercial publishers: Elsevier, Emerald, Sage, Springer, Taylor & Francis, and Wiley, and from three nonprofits, the American Chemical Society (ACS), Cambridge University Press (CUP), and Oxford University Press (OUP).	2
The evidence provided by our investigations suggests that it often happens that the value of pioneering work, even fundamental contributions leading to Nobel Prizes, is not immediately recognized and needs subsequent research to realize its innate potential.	5
Best ranking Iranian Medical academic library based on SEO components accessible to administrators according to SEO P Timer, Oct 10-20,2020.	0
Other countries, such as the United Kingdom, China, Canada and Germany, also obtain high positions in the ranking.	4
Confirming the findings of some previous empirical investigations, this study concludes that there is no per se negative correlation between engaging in public outreach activities and the production of scientific publications.	5
7,223 articles having at least one paper-to-patent citation are identified from a collection of 2.4 million PubMed Central open access articles.	2
The analysis of the citation record of ES during his entire career in terms of h-index and of hpd is presented in Fig.	0
We can thus affirm that the 'selectivity' and 'diffusion' of journals should be further studied, in order to verify the reliability and appropriateness of their use in conjunction with other indicators of the impact of scientific publications.	5
The project obtained Web of Science (WoS) data for the 17 technical and 51 non-technical public universities in Germany.	2
The results indicate link-resolver click-throughs could, in most cases, reliably suggest high- and low-use journals and can be used when vendor data are missing, incomplete, or unreliable or when staffing does not allow vendor data collection.	5
Out of these, there are 3,192,615 computer science papers that were cited at least once.	2
In very doubtful cases, a PS (Phrase Search) is performed, using the original FA field, and retrieving the words in a certain order.	3
Public opinion about STEMM collaboration with China remains positive.	4
In our Markov model for these attachment theories, each addition of a citation is a step in the Markov process.	3
In order not to lose those articles with no citations, we run OLS regressions using the hyperbolic sine transformation.	3
One hundred journals from each group were randomly selected.	2
The Editorial Board of TJH adheres to the principles of the World Association of Medical Editors (WAME), International Council of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE), Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE), Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials (CONSORT), and Strengthening the Reporting of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (STROBE).	3
To perform a content analysis of the Kyphoplasty subject, word and citation analyses were utilized.	3
Searched with the search term 'Adult onset Still disease' on the Web of Science for time limited to 2011–2020.	2
Using the similarity between papers, one can break down the set of papers into topical clusters.	3
High Article Processing Charges (APC) and credibility issues were also mentioned in the study as significant obstacles to using OA for the dissemination of scientific information.	4
In 2012, faculty spent approximately 32 minutes per article reading (mean = 32.04, median = 25.00).	4
The overall number of PRD papers from sub-Saharan Africa increased markedly (>47%) since 2003, particularly for HIV/AIDS (102%) and tuberculosis (TB) (81%), and principally involving Southern and East Africa.	4
This study could provide valuable information concerning how to facilitate cross-disciplinary collaboration research for researchers focused on climate change as well as scientific managers.	5
Five main themes in publication invitations were identified: emphasising novelty, promising rapid publication, appealing to research impact, flattering language, and persistent messaging.	4
Between January 1993 and August 2017, which prolific authors published articles on institutional repositories in the SSCI?	1
The study merely includes research articles among all other retrieved documents such as reviews, proceeding papers, letters, editorial material, meeting abstracts, notes, reprints, corrections, news items, book reviews, and additions.	2
We explored this relationship further in a linear regression model with normalized citation count as the outcome, and author number and maximum affiliation as predictor variables (Table S1).	3
This reminds the user that Google Scholar rarely returns the same hit counts for the very same query even a few minutes later-not a good sign for scholarly research.	0
The authors gathered information for 78,778 ASCE papers that were published since 1983.	2
In this manuscript, we propose a game-theoretic/information-asymmetry model that suggests manipulation is reinforced by a feedback loop that creates incentives for manipulation to spread and for disciplines to specialize in the type of manipulation used.	3
Determining the impact of the FAER grant program has been of importance.	1
To summarize, the two notions of significance described by being a featured review article and being highly cited are substantially distinct.	5
Although citations are used as a quantifiable, objective metric of academic influence, references could be added to a paper solely to inflate the perceived influence of a body of research.	1
The investigative procedure involves four steps: (1) identifying the accounting journals on Beall's List and compiling an inventory of the articles in each journal, (2) obtaining a GS citation count for each article, (3) adjusting the citation counts for year of publication, and (4) estimating CiteScore percentiles from GS citation data.	3
I draw on the 2013 rankings published by U.S.	2
In order to test the power-law correlation between citations and total (funded + unfunded)/funded/unfunded articles, we used the model developed by Ronda-Pupo and Katz, (2016a, b).	3
This study aims to extend this knowledge by comparing the research productivity of GCC countries in the field of biomedical sciences over the last 3 years.	1
By analyzing over 11 million papers from Web of Science published from 2000 to 2008, we find that the relationship between the corresponding author and byline position varies with year, the number of authors, countries and research fields.	4
0.87 (0.45?1.85), p < 0.001; CP: 51.9 (24.48–70.42) vs.	4
Fewer of China’s publications get tweeted, and those tweeted publications attract less social attention.	4
Let me leave aside for a moment our talk about scientists, papers and arguments, and bring up an apparently unconnected topic: Ronald Coase's (1937) economic theory about the nature of the firm and the allocation of property rights.	3
Positional statistics of z-scores were calculated for each publication, which was then labeled according to conventionality and novelty: (a) HC if the median z-score exceeded the median of median z-scores for all publications and LC otherwise and (b) HN if the tenth percentile of z-scores for a publication was less than zero and LN otherwise.	3
We performed the following analysis for both rankings: (i) we plotted and regressed the scores of the rankings of the year t 1 on the scores of the year t; (ii) we plotted and regressed the ranks of the rankings of the year t - 1 on the ranks of the year t; (iii) we plotted the associations of scores and ranks and approximated the function of the association between scores and ranks; (iv) we investigated the concordance (ranking position of the first 100 universities) of the THE ranking with the ARWU ranking.	3
First, the scholars included in the sample generally favored a punitive approach to dealing with the problem of research misconduct.	5
Based on the above indicators, it can be seen that the Journal is a high-quality prestigious periodical reflecting the outstanding outcomes and high-end achievements in the field of integrated Chinese and Western medicine.	5
We used a novel topic modeling approach, namely structural topic modeling (STM) (Roberts et al., 2014a, 2014b) in this study.	3
A similar trend was evident in the institutional analysis with the University of California, USA, and the Chinese Academy of Sciences being the highest research contributors with 8% of the searched output.	4
Using instrumental variables (IVs) is a commonly suggested method to address endogeneity problems.	3
The hooked power law is a generalised version of the power law model (Pennock et al.	0
The Wiley Society Member Survey consisted of 43 questions and was fielded in May 2021 to a list taken from registrants to Wiley Online Library (WOL).	2
As this survey is purely illustrative and not meant to be definitive, the sample is not highly representative and not large.	2
Numerical data were presented as medians with interquartile ranges, calculated as a difference between the 75th and 25th percentile and used as an indicator of data variability.	0
A total of 122 sleep researchers completed the survey.	2
The annual number increased from 849 in 1993 to 2,328 in 2012, with an average annual growth rate of 3.04 %.	4
Data analysis relied on multiple information resources: UlrichswebTM as a global serials directory, the JCR (Thomson Reuters 2010 edition), the DOAJ, the Scimago Journal and Country Rank (SJCR) by Scimago Research Group, and the CWTS Journals Indicators website by Center for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden University.	2
2011; Oliphant 2006) and Matplotlib (Hunter 2007) to create some of the figures.	3
Received December 12, 2007; revised February 16, 2008; accepted February 24, 2008	0
A simple centers algorithm (Cobo et al., 2011; Coulter et al., 1998) was used to construct the keyword clusters and conduct quadrant placement.	3
The main findings increased the understanding of the state of sports science in Spain.	5
New England Journal of Medicine published the largest number of the most cited articles (n = 23), followed by Diabetes Care (n = 14) and Nature (n = 12).	4
We found 38 GN-GS coauthored articles, from which 25 papers (66%) were led by the GN author (“led” here means that the GN author had greater a PROD index than his or her GS coauthor).	4
The Cited Reference Search function of Thomson Reuters' Web of Science database (formerly the Institute for Scientific Information's Web of Knowledge database) was used to identify erroneous citations.	2
We found no bibliometrics for the first 10 years of OTSR.	1
Thanks to Anthony Watkinson who saw the importance of doing this study.	0
Factor scores from the first factor for each Laureate are generated using regression scoring and displayed in Table 4.	3
The results give clear evidence that early Mendeley readers are useful indictors of later citation impact in most, and perhaps all, fields and are better than early citations in this regard.	5
Based on institutional affiliations, Makerere University researchers dominated the Ugandan publications on PMTCT and MC.	4
We have tested for interaction terms between age and rank, age and gender, gender and rank.	0
We tried to obtain a correspondence between different subject area classes by mapping the subject area of Scopus and Dimensions databases to the best matching major subject area of the Web of Science database.	3
What is more, it continues to be an area of intense activity, even today, thanks to the exciting theoretical and application possibilities.	0
The seven Energy research fields were extracted online in December 2012, October 2013 and January 2014 through WoS.	2
It is not our aim to argue on theoretical grounds in favor of one of the two normalization mechanisms.	0
To build a sample of articles for our analysis, we used several criteria: (1) at least one author must have been affiliated with one of the post-Soviet countries (where an organization from one of the countries is listed as their place of work); (2) “higher education” or “tertiary education” must have appeared in the title, abstract, or keywords; (3) “universit*” must have appeared in the title or keywords; and (4) the date of publication must have been between 1992 and 2017.	2
(1) What are the gaps in the literature about CAD related to the ecological approach, the kinds of environments, organisms and disturbances studied?	1
The responses were collected from December 2017 to January 2018.	2
We then used a time-series prediction using quadratic models with years as a predictor using the lm() function in R (v.4.2.2) [28] to extrapolate financial loss between 2022 and 2030.	3
The results highlight persisting inequalities in the distribution of different forms of capital in global science, as well as (mis)alignment with the geographical distribution of forest areas.	4
The percentage of articles and reviews in Q1 journals was higher for the Gold OA content model than for the Green OA (Fig.	4
We propose a new indicator to measure balance in collaboration (BIC) which is based on the Gini evenness index for a weighted Lorenz curve.	1
We compared the ability of PubMed and MEDLINE to retrieve researcher output using ORCIDs as queries, indirectly assessing the efficiency of these databases to implement ORCIDs in articles.	3
The authors appear in alphabetical order and have contributed equally to this paper.	0
Academic productivity metrics including h-index and NIH funding are associated with promotion to the next academic rank.	5
We focus on postdoctoral researchers and professors, and on those which were born after 1 January 1965 (total of 14,135 scientists), since this sample includes complete information about their careers in the Flemish universities.	2
Note: we consider the competitions for full professorship in Italy in the field SECS-P01 held from 2001 to 2008; in 2007 there have not been competitions in this field.	0
The regression analysis shows that the discipline consistency between papers and published journals has a significant impact on citations.	4
The primary area of professional activity identified by the majority of PHO physicians was direct patient care (58% or 789/1,364 of ASPHO members in 2016 and 82% or 1,805/2,199 of those in AMA database in 2016) followed next by research (11% or 236/2,199 in AMA database in 2016 and 22% or 289/1,364 among ASPHO members in 2016) and to lesser degrees administration and teaching.	4
The authors would like to thank Editage (www.editage.com) for English-language editing.	0
The visualisation of similarities (VOS) software (Van Eck and Waltman 2010) has been used to prepare network visualisation of collaborations such as bibliographic coupling (Kessler 1963), co-citation (Small 1973), co-authorship and co-occurrence of keywords.	3
To investigate whether this minimal criterion might be satisfied, we conducted a large-scale, agent-based simulation to test how the proposed funding system might operate in practice.	3
AI = 1 indicates that the phase’s policy effort in the given category corresponds precisely to the average of the phases; AI > 1 reflects higher than average effort, while AI < 1 is lower than average effort dedicated to the category.	0
The results presented show that, from 1900 onward, coauthorship, interinstitutional collaboration, and international collaboration have been increasing in both NMS and SSH.	5
We chose the bibliometrics values of journals in the Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Medical Imaging category of the JCR Science Edition.	2
It has been established that the existence of book reviews can be considered a suitable selection criterion for BKCIs.	5
Drawing on existing statistics, interviews with leading vendors, and librarians' perspectives, the authors explore major issues and deficiencies in East Asian e-book publishing, and make recommendations for future improvement.	3
journal output, journal content, journal perception, journal citations and journal management.	3
The a-value for the variable capturing health communication is low, but partly because the variable was strongly skewed.	0
The first is a current ranking of 163 economics and finance journals.	5
The intermediary data file was a journal-to-journal citation matrix for all journals and proceedings indexed in the Scopus database with a 2-year citation window; that is, citations in year t to papers published in year t-2.	2
The USA ranks first, with 257 publications within 1988 to 2020, followed by China, Canada, England, and Italy with 116, 64, 47, and 39 publications, respectively.	4
Ethnographic fieldwork was carried out between January 2016 and May 2017 in two research groups conducting epigenetics research.	2
Frequency counts of the errors showed that the largest percentage of errors occurred in the humanities and arts (33,104 errors, 49.5%) followed in decreasing order by medical sciences (13,104, 19.6%), agriculture and veterinary (8,990, 13.4%), engineering (8,276, 12.4%), and basic sciences (3,448, 5.1%) (Fig.	4
We adopted the curriculum vitae (CV) analysis method to determine the development path information of academician individuals.	3
In that case, how effective is the greening and digitization of technology innovation in China at this stage?	1
Therefore, this study also employed bibliographic data that cover all types of documents published in Scientometrics in 1978–2011 and 2011-2015 as representative experimental data object in the field of scientometrics.	2
Compared to subject disciplines falling under social and humanistic sciences, pure and applied sciences have shown a greater trend of self-citation.	4
His interests include scholarly communication, scientometrics, library collection development, and nonprofit management.	0
Variations in published responses were noted both between journals and by 4 journals that published different responses to at least 2 papers.	4
Table 1 breaks down the types of papers published in JISTaP from 2013 (volume 1, issue 1) to 2017 (volume 5, issue 4).	2
Sukhwan Jung: Conceived and designed the analysis; Collected the data; Contributed data or analysis tools; Performed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
The top 20 countries/territories were ranked by number of articles (Table 2).	0
Early research that was published prior to 2005 in this field was mainly focused on epidemiology and molecular biology; the mean publication year for keywords in cluster 3 (clinical treatment studies) was later than other clusters.	4
Received 18 February 2015 and in revised form 23 November 2015; Accepted 14 December 2015	0
The fourth finding in our study is that ECs can be retrieved more readily if they comply with the standard recommendations for additional information, which can be used if the link does not open the document in question.	5
Generally, the number of collaborative products (particularly scientific publications) also substantially increased over time.	4
The analysis shows that during the 1980s, the policy approach was dominant and the focus on system policy issues is apparent.	4
Based on these, we offer a theoretical explanation of current practices adopted to improve the review performance (e.g., desk rejection).	5
The most influential author was found to be Jeffrey Beall, who first raised the issue of predatory publishing.	4
All of the conferences included in our study are among the most highly regarded in their respective fields.	2
Citation, bibliographical, and author keywords of 1412 publications were exported to VOSviewer (version 1.6.7, Center for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden University, The Netherlands), which is a bibliometric mapping tool for constructing and visualizing bibliometric networks.	3
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
The second strategy employs social media to help ECRs showcase their current work and share their ground-breaking research.	3
In this follow-up analysis, we explored what methodological approaches (i.e., animal and/or non-animal models and methods, spanning human-based in vitro models, human-derived specimens and patient cohort studies, as well as in silico/computational technologies) were selected in the context of EU projects on AD, BC and PC research funded under the past four framework programmes (FP5, FP6, FP7 and H2020), considering the major research outputs associated with them [15].	1
In our case study, by examining multiple statistics for researchers simultaneously, such as the number of papers, number of citations, cites/year, and cites/paper, the visualization results produced by VisualRPI demonstrate that researchers who have similar research productivities are grouped in the same (sub-)clusters.	5
Future research should focus on overcoming the limitation due to the varying intensity of publication across fields.	5
This requires determining criteria weights, which we do with an intuitionistic fuzzy weighted averaging operator and then determining evaluator weights, which we do with a fuzzy distance-based method.	3
We observed small, yet noticeable correlations between citations and posting, viewing, and exporting publications – for citations in general, but also for citations occurring in the near future.	5
In Russia, the general movement has been towards not allowing disciplinary evaluators any discretion but simply providing them with an unambiguous decision algorithm.	4
It is based on a comprehensive study of scientific associations in Portugal, relying on a multi-method, quantitative and qualitative approach.	1
The ISI WOS Citation and Essential Science Indications (ESI) databases were searched, including the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), Conference Proceeding Citation Index-Science (CPCI-S), Current Chemical Reactions (CCR)-Expanded, and Index Chemicus (IC).	2
Student t tests were used for two-group analyses whereas analyses of variance were used for between-group comparisons of 3 or more subgroups.	3
These are defined as context identification, purpose of citation and polarity.	0
Despite this difficulty, there is a consented honor given to those who make creative contributions to science: the Nobel Prize.	0
To ensure a high degree of accuracy in the classification of the author names and to take the cultural context and the origin into account, we decided to use NamSor Origin API first, followed by NamSor Gender API.	3
OPTA performs better than OPTS nearly at all sections since scaling method is a special case of affine method.	0
However, space science, the environment/ecology and the geosciences contain slightly negative correlations between IF and the IPCI.	4
We further mapped the NSF categories into four knowledge domains related to how the DSM is used and cited: psychiatry (“Psychiatry”), psychology (“Psychology"), medical sciences (“Medical”) and all other knowledge domains (“Other").	3
[16] that classifies citations into two classes, i.e., Important and incidental.	4
We have proposed methods for extracting features of both research institutes and scholars and methods for composing interinstitutional teams based on both sides’ characteristics.	5
The chi-square test was used to identify the variables that were associated with perceived, ICMJE-defined, and unperceived honorary authorship (univariate analysis).	3
It was found that the website of Science and Technology Development Center of the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China occupied the first position with 723.98% SWIF presence amongst 88 digital agricultural repositories in Asia.	4
From the base version, we derived four variants for the experimental conditions: an original study with statistically significant findings, a replication study with statistically significant findings, an original study with statistically nonsignificant findings, and a replication study with statistically nonsignificant findings (see Table 1 for the text of two of these versions).	2
From this corpus we extracted the data about papers that contain the root string “centrali" in words of the title or abstract, to capture possibly all variations of words related to the concepts of Centralization and Decentralization (nouns, adjectives, etc.).	2
Regression estimation with nested random journal-within-tier effects enables journals in the four tier groups (A-D) to be separated into “upper”, “middle" and "lower" categories (e.g.	3
In order to compute the clusters in the co-author network, the algorithm proposed by Clauset, Newman and Moore (2004) has been used.	3
In the field of Engineering and Technology, Greece with 16.46 highly cited papers per 1,000 FTE researchers is most productive country followed by Turkey and Slovenia with 8.89 and 8.19 respectively.	4
Quantity of research productivity was measured in terms of the total published documents.	3
The average (mean) APC of $964 contrasts with a mode of $0.	4
(Axiomatic characterisation is used in a number of areas for the same purpose.)	0
The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and approving it for publication was Jerry Chun-Wei Lin ID.	0
A reliable approach to study scientific research output is to examine the scientific publications contained in bibliometric databases (Blom et al.	3
Conflict of interest This article does not contain any studies with human participants or animals performed by any of the authors.	0
We run an algorithmic procedure for gathering the ample bibliometric information provided by Scopus, which is used to compute one of the main international citation indexes: the Scimago Journal Rank (SJR).	3
When the decision is made for a specific core element: pre-, post, or concurrent process;	0
The University of New South Wales clearly obtains the first position with 46 articles, followed by the University of Naples Federico II and the Norwegian University of Science and Technology.	4
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 66(5):1048–1064, 2015	0
Abbreviations: POPs, persistent organic pollutants; PCBs, polychlorinated biphenyls; PAHs, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons; PBDEs, brominated flame retardant; PCR, polymerase chain reaction.	0
The perplexity of the model is taken as standard for the number of definite topic when LDA is applied for topic model training.	3
This was necessary because of concerns about duplicate and erroneous citation counting by Google Scholar [6].	0
This strategy follows targeted conducting of health sciences research (HSR), cooperation and coordination between health science researchers, parallel investigation avoidance, and optimum utilization through appropriate distribution of re- sources (human, physical, and finan- cial) (15,16,18).	3
Price's attachment rule yields better results than Simon's rule in Biochemistry & Molecular Biology while it is the reverse in Mathematics and Economics.	5
In this paper, I review the last 12 months: librarians showing muscle in negotiations, publishers' Read and Publish deals, and funders determined to force change with initiatives like Plan S.	1
We restrict our dataset to the Medical and Life Sciences to make it more homogeneous and avoid disciplinary differences in task distribution.	2
It is observed that the real data behave similarly to the data projected by the model, except for the period 1996–2000.	4
In total, we received responses from 1,945 participants, leaving us with a response rate of just over 24%.	2
To determine the technologies at the origin of computer graphics, this analysis focuses on prior art documents cited in patent publications from 1940s and 1950s technologies that, together, led to the emergence of computer graphics in the 1960s.	1
Links between gTLDs divided by the number of pages in the source domain.	0
We therefore report interval ratios for seven fields (Arts and Humanities; Social Sciences; Computer Science; Mathematics; Engineering; Medicine; Physics and Astronomy) and three types of journal papers (journal articles; notes; reviews) for a period of 24 years (1996–2019), and discuss how the findings may affect citing-side normalization.	1
The study is based on a dataset consisting of 5,554 Norwegian researchers at the four largest traditional universities in Norway: University of Oslo, University of Bergen, The Arctic University of Norway and The Norwegian University of Science and Technology.	2
In all years, evaluations conducted in North America (primarily in the US) have dominated, and this trend has not changed over time3.	4
The scientific production about taekwondo published in the WoS has shown predominance of Life Sciences research area; with Biomechanics, Sports Medicine and Physiology guiding research in this field of knowledge.	5
For that reason, we decided it was worth reviewing from where editorial oversight came for the papers which appeared in the Google Scholar searches.	3
At the applicant level, the E-I index is negative for all subgroups.	4
We conducted a questionnaire with 17 items about the use of Sci-Hub among Spanish-speaking sciences and social sciences researchers.	2
In this work we address the comprehensive Scimago Institutions Ranking 2012, proposing a data visualization of the listed bibliometric indicators for the 509 Higher Education Institutions among the 600 largest research institutions ranked according to their outputs.	1
Measuring diversity in research works is critical to the promotion of scientific evaluation.	1
Moreover, it must be the main concern of all universities to train their inexperienced students to identify and confront these journals and their traps.	5
Quantitative and qualitative analysis were utilized to illustrate the patterns of scientific productivity in SEE countries.	3
This policy seems to have substantially increased the actual availability of replication files, although we were still unable to find replication files for about 35% of the publications in AJPS 2011–2013.	5
Our study aims to assess the use, cost and impact of OA diffusion in the context of GHR.	1
We have analyzed individual and collective interdisciplinarity in a research group using SNA tools.	5
Then δ p x = R p x ?	3
The research questions for this study focus on reading patterns among US faculty members.	1
In addition it is important that institutions and funders become aware of the level of expenditure on open access charges at an institutional and country level in order to strategically plan and manage the changing landscape.	5
For Nature articles published in 2013, the Twitter coverage approaches 100%, and the Facebook coverage is up to 75%.	4
This patent data set, extracted from the PATSTAT database, includes 760,000 patent records in 466 IPC-based categories.	2
Following the findings of previous studies that articles with a female as the first author are disadvantaged in citation counts (Caplar et al., 2017; Schisterman et al., 2017), we used the author-gender classification of Araújo and Fontainha (2017) and assigned an article to one of the following categories: only female authors; female first author and at least one male co-author; female solo author; only male authors; male first author and at least one female co-author; male solo author.	3
Thus we believe that a critical and necessary step is to enforce good methodological practices through the review process and also journal policies – because these are actions within the purview of journals.	5
As shown in Table 4, the majority of IJLM articles are survey-based (TP: 211) and contributed by 574 IJLM authors.	4
We investigated the financial costs to authors for submitting and publishing manuscripts in gastroenterology (GI) journals in the United States (US), United Kingdom (UK), and elsewhere.	1
We identified all scientists serving from 1985–2014 on the editorial boards of 24 leading journals in EB (S1 Table) and the countries in which they were based during their board tenure.	2
Table 1 presents a comprehensive summary of statistics for the three datasets.	2
Beijing emerges as a clear outlier, as it has been the most impactful city since 2007, the most productive since 2002, and the one housing the largest number of Al scientists since 1995.	4
The above suggests that the country of origin may have an impact on an author’s success.	0
Thus, the present study aims to identify the highly cited papers (HCPs) in this research field, to deliver a summary of the academic work produced during the last decade in this area, and to show patterns, features, and trends that define the past, present, and future of this specific area of knowledge.	1
We investigated the distribution of research subjects in a bibliographic database to develop a framework of diversity of science analogous to that of biodiversity.	1
In addition, we include the PubMed Related Article score as well as combined approaches in the comparison.	1
Countries with low productivity usually have low impact, rarely reaching the impact performance of other more productive countries.	5
Despite a lower number of publications and a similar acceptance rate at the scientific meeting of the German Cardiac Society, younger female cardiologists have a better success in publications judged by the IF they achieve with their publications.	5
Case 1 (5) – iron-based superconductors (first appeared in the 2008 data)	4
The citation percentile of a single paper is an impact value below which a certain share of papers fall (Bornmann et al.	3
Gross domestic expenditure on R&D (GERD) as a percentage of GDP (Gross Domestic Product) is the total intramural expenditure on R&D (Research and Development) performed in the national territory during a specific reference period expressed as a percentage of national GDP.	2
Filling this hole, this study examines this assumption from an international perspective, using the case of industrial engineering departments at selective research universities in Chile and Korea.	1
The results of our study suggest that, on average, salaries of individuals on the sunshine list are to some extent explained by research performance.	5
Social network analysis (SNA) focuses on ties between social entities; it involves the mapping and measurement of relationships between components in a system (16).	3
To study this relationship, we propose two essential research questions: (1) Are disruptive papers highly cited?; and (2) Are highly cited papers disruptive?	1
The results lead to the conclusion that in general, the output of diversified research is no more frequently the fruit of collaboration than is specialized research.	4
Seriya Khimicheskaya (Russian Chemical Bulletin) was carried out using the following databases (DB): Web of Science (WoS) (Thomson Reuters); Scopus (Elsevier); SciFinder using Chemical Abstracts Service platform; received data were also compared with Russian Science Citation Index (RSCI), established by e-Library.	2
We aim to explore the distribution of papers across quartiles within different disciplinary subsets of the whole set of WoS-indexed journals.	1
Between 1992 and 2012, POM published 96 issues containing 720 articles written by 1,687 authors.	2
As of the day of this writing, and well into the computerized online searching era, the situation does not seem to have changed a bit.	0
Two important results of this analysis are that: (i) on average, the omitted-citation rate (p) of WoS is slightly higher than that of Scopus; and (ii) for both databases, p values do not change drastically from journal to journal and tend to slightly decrease with respect to the issue year of citing papers.	4
There was a weak negative correlation between the mean number of citations and the Jadad score (rs = -0.36).	4
Constant increase of the total number of articles and the percentage of original papers since 2009 (Figure 2) coincided with the increasing values of IF gained in 2009 (Figure 3).	4
Finally, another of the aims in this paper is to contrast the prevalence of the OA articles by scientific disciplines and its changes over time.	1
A short overview on the development and status of the 15 research environments in 2015 is offered as Electronic Supplementary Material (ESM).	0
We take a different tack, comparing authors with themselves across time.	3
The total calculated ‘n’ was 374 articles, which assured a representative sample in that finite population.	2
It employs perspectives from the Sociology of (E-) Valuation to make sense of highly visible critiques that organize the current discourse.	1
Based on the obtained results, it is observed, awardees that are exclusively identified by network centrality measures are more than 5 years younger as compared to their counterparts who are exclusively identified by bibliometric indices.	4
Alexander Professor of Statistical Science and Professor of Social Statistics, Department of Statistical Science, Cornell University, 1190 Comstock Hall, Ithaca, NY 14853.	0
A journal which has high MI (particularly moderate and severe ones), but still produces work that corresponds with a high SI should be viewed more skeptically (Stagnating).	4
Using online resources such as CTSNet (http://www.ctsnet.org/), SCOPUS (http://www.scopus.com/home.uri), and USNWR (http://www.usnews.com/), we collected data about all individual surgeons, including their seniority (defined as years since graduation from medical school), institutional role within their respective department or division (in particular, being or not the chairperson of their respective CT surgical center), and current H-index.	2
In all studies in which we predicted the absence of an effect, we relied on equivalence tests with preregistered equivalence bounds.	3
With special thanks to Marie McVeigh, Director of JCR and Bibliographic Policy, Thomson Reuters who provided the data, valuable advice and guidance used for the citation analyses presented in this article.	0
The researcher’s independence indicator RII is calculated as follows:	3
This paper aims to analyze the applicability of research-productivity indexes to assess research groups.	1
However, the transparency of publishing and editorial policies is not always clear.	5
In the case of Model 1, Table 8 shows that being a grant holder and having conducted the PhD in an organisation located in Europe increase the odds of having the foreign PhD organisation in the core network, while having conducted the PhD less recently and being female decrease these odds.	4
Overview of the entire collection of papers from the three year CHI conference proceedings	0
Bibliometric analysis was performed using the SciVal tool from Scopus.	3
This analysis of 235 quotations to a cohort of psychiatric original articles showed the importance of single quotations for scientific reasoning, confirmed the large extent of quotation inaccuracy in medical papers—with 1 in 5 quotations a major error—and found different patterns of quotations, one of which is perhaps a sign of efforts to improve citation metrics of journals.	5
For reliability and sample representativity purposes, we chose to focus on established journals and practices;	0
One institution a wealthy, private AAU university – displayed a significant association with total research impact net of covariates.	4
Sociology is a field where books are almost equally represented in cited references (47%) as articles, while book citations are much less represented in the fields of psychology (28%), economics and business (27%), and information and library science (24%).	4
The purpose of this article is to reveal the most significant trends and areas of production in the domain of LIS over the past 37 years (1978–2014), taking a specialized database (LISA) as a reference and using the statistical technique of topic modeling, based on Latent Dirichlet Analysis (LDA) of the databases selected.	1
They found that providing online access with 'full text on the net' increases the visibility of a journal [36].	4
While uncommon, the retraction of publications within the field of orthopaedics may be increasing.	5
A comprehensive search of the journal databases PubMed, SCOPUS, Web of Science and EBSCO will be conducted to identify and retrieve data from primary peer-reviewed cancer research articles using a set of consensus search words.	2
What is the evolution in the population of users of LIS literature by academic status?	1
A fellowship from the General Electric Company enabled the author to attend Case Western Reserve University where this project was initiated.	0
Using 'TS = (entangl* AND quantum* AND experiment*) AND PY = (1900–2019)' as the retrieval formula, the present study considered all the literature in the experimental field of quantum entanglement from 1900 to 2019.	2
Evidently, both the number of detected clusters and the ratio of their number to published articles increases over time.	4
In this article, we propose a synthetic indicator for the performance orientation of public R&D funding at the country level that allows for quantitative comparisons across countries and over time, and we illustrate the methodology for its computation and validation.	1
The results summarize that the biomedical R&D cooperation network is consistent with the urban cooperation network, and the provincial political center cities play an important role in R&D cooperation.	5
Parts of both journals and proceedings were referred to as articles throughout this study.	0
We selected two flagship journals and a renowned annual conference from Information Security domain: a) IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security (7.231 IF in 2021), published by IEEE Signal Processing Society from March 2006; b) IEEE Security & Privacy (3.105 IF in 2021) – a bimonthly magazine that targets a wide audience and is copublished by IEEE Computer Society and IEEE Reliability Society starting with 2003; and, c) IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy, an annual conference held in USA since 1980.	2
While we did not find evidence of gender effects where the assessment of business and management was concerned, we did find evidence that women may be disadvantaged by their sub-discipline specialisations when their research is evaluated using journal ratings lists.	5
Articles were ranked by citation counts and screened by two independent reviewers.	3
Results are summarized in Table 1 and visualized in Figure 1.	0
Of the 811 articles published in AJPE during this period, the number of authors increased significantly from a mean (SD) of 3.5 (1.8) to 4.5 (2.2).	4
In response to the first research question, Mendeley is the altmetric source with the highest coverage for the sampled articles, with over three quarters (80 %) of articles having one or more Mendeley readers, followed by Twitter, with a third (34 %) of articles tweeted at least once.	5
All cited references from articles published in the four journals from 2011 to 2013 were copied from the publisher websites into an Excel spreadsheet.	2
Table 3 shows that there are significant, but low, correlations between Scopus citations and academic syllabus mentions for all monographs in the study (r = 0.271, p = 0.01, n = 19,184).	4
The DOI can be used to project and manage workload, identify workforce skills, capabilities and train- ing needs, and assist in succession planning.	4
In this work, we try to answer the question of which method, peer review versus bibliometrics, better predicts the future overall scholarly impact of scientific publications.	1
Flow of information mainly involved the use of retweet (n = 7,235; 79%), where a member passed along an original message from another source to their collection of followers.	4
As reviewed in “Introduction" section, the data issue is always an obstacle for research on the topic of science inequality.	0
(2) and (10) is that the second does not include the probability of ties in the evaluation.	5
in 5 years, with a 1.0 percentage point (2.1% of a s.e.) increase in the probability of completing a Ph.D.	4
However, again, the scientific productivity trend was significantly different from 2015 to 2019 in these two groups (F-value 12.59, p-value < 0.0001).	4
The positive impact of author numbers on publication dates suggests two hypotheses: Firstly that the time it takes to do the research and write and publish a paper increases with the number of authors.	5
The Flagship participants display a strategy of minimal interaction punctuated by islands of intense interaction when they occasionally meet in person.	5
Five years after the implementation, our analysis of RCR instructional plans for 91 top U.S. research universities shows that the majority of these universities have not implemented these best practices in their plans.	5
We investigated 2,662 e-prints in the "Computer Science - Digital Libraries" subject (cs.DL) from 1998 to 2018 in arXiv.org and manually calculated the consolidated citation counts of arXiv-deposited articles with the corresponding citation merging schemes.	2
On average, the CD index for NPW papers is 0.08, which is more than 13 times that of the non-NPW papers.	4
Research question 2: What dimension of quality do reviewers focus on?	1
These results support the argument that, just as Wikipedia entries capture the relative fame of books, so do libcitations.	5
Table 3 columns 3 presents the results of modeling the above factors using logistic regression to determine their effect in predicting involvement in collaboration.	3
In terms of normalisation, it is certainly clear that there needs to be a differentiation between fields based on actual citation behaviour as opposed to the rather ad-hoc groupings that currently exist in WoS.	4
a Department of Network and New Media, Nanjing Normal University, Nanjing 210023, China	0
The largest number of papers was published in the fields Natural Sciences, Engineering and Technology and Medical and Health Sciences (these three fields together cover almost 90 % of the total productivity in all fields).	4
The record of journal publications is obtained from two different sources.	2
This article demonstrates that the R programming language is well suitable for harvesting, processing, harmonizing and merging publication data from various sources.	5
We found that the resulting jPWR ranking is in close agreement with Impact Factor scores from the 2018 edition of the Journal Citation Reports as well as the SCImago Journal Rank indicator for 2018.	4
For this exploratory study, three different types of data were collected: archival data, cross-sectional data, and social network data.	2
AAMC, Association of American Medical Colleges; ABA, American Board of Anesthesiology; ACGME, Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education; APSA, American Physician Scientist Association; ARMA, Academy of Research Mentors in Anesthesiology; ASA, American Society of Anesthesiologists; AUA, Association of University Anesthesiologists; FAER, Foundation of Anesthesia Education and Research; IACUC, Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee; IARS, International Anesthesia Research Society; IMRA, IARS Mentored Research Award; IRB, institutional review board; MOSAIC, Maximizing Opportunities for Scientific and Academic Independent Careers; MRTG, Mentored Research Training Grant; MSARF, Medical Student Anesthesia Research Fellowship; NIH, National Institutes of Health; REG, Research in Education Grant; SAAAPM, Society of Academic Associations of Anesthesiology and Perioperative Medicine; SAER, Society for Anesthesia Education and Research; URM, Underrepresented Minority.	0
About 11.624% of these 1246 articles were cited 13 times or more.	4
By taking these measures, shedding new light on the intricate process of knowledge creation in the humanities would be possible and the basis for the study and subsequent recognition of acknowledgements will be provided.	5
The method is an intermediate counting method that sits between traditional complete-normalized fractional counting and full counting.	5
Four different subgoals were established: 1) to know the Top 20 journals of the rehabilitation category where the Spanish researchers publish, 2) to know the Top 20 Spanish institutions that publish in rehabilitation category, 3) to analyse the RPI of the Top 20 Spanish institutions, and 4) to discover the main themes of Spanish production in rehabilitation by means of SMA.	1
In order to keep our notation as light as possible, we will simply indicate j(i, t) as j whenever possible.	0
We apply the framework to the field of accounting with the main focus of categorizing the journal scopes and the latest published articles into research topics by using text mining techniques.	1
What are the disruptive documents and sources (most relevant cited papers, references, and sources) in consumer neuroscience, neuromarketing and neuroaesthetics?	1
Our findings diversify the literature on the impact of excellence initiatives.	5
This combines semantic distance measurements with concept matrices generated from ontologically based concept mapping.	1
This interaction can prove especially difficult in the context of relationships between partners of unequal rank or value, where one person is more senior, or possesses a less central role in the overall project.	0
1 The data were taken from the Science Citation Index/ Social Science Citation Index (SCI/ SSCI) and the Engineering Compendex (EC).	0
For each clinical article, the level of evidence was determined independently by 2 authors (S.L.S. and K.J.J.) based on guidelines published by The Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery, American volume.	3
The data are from 1996 to 2006 and consist of an unbalanced panel of 543 individuals, resulting in a sample size of 3,457 observations.	2
The Society for Academic Emergency Medicine maintains a list of all active allopathic EM residency programs.	2
The data for this analysis was drawn from the Web of Science (WoS) database.	2
This increase also corresponds to Malaysia's impetus in publishing in ISI-ranked journals in recent years.	0
A multilevel sequential mixed-methods sampling design was used to select 814 students and six academics from the six universities (three top and three medium-ranked higher education institution) of central Punjab.	2
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the "Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
The aim of this article is to tell the story of a library school faculty who recently revised the school's promotion and tenure policy, including evaluative criteria, with language that strongly and clearly supports OA publishing of research output.	1
This set of documents, which was comprised of 203 original research publications (57 preclinical, 45 clinical randomized trials, 101 non-randomized clinical studies), 40 reviews or meta-analyses, 11 letters, 36 case reports and 2 corrigenda, was assessed for time from submission of concerns to first journal correction notice.	2
At the same time, the demand for breakthrough research, such as a vaccine or medication development, surged dramatically.	1
We conducted 57 semistructured interviews and identified 7 primary themes.	4
The title, year of publication, number of citations, journal, anatomic focus, subspecialty, evidence level, city, institution and author were recorded.	3
While not an amendment to the Stevenson-Wydler Act, technology transfer from federal laboratories was later emphasized in US Technology Policy, issued by US President George W.	0
To compare whether the mean citations received by publications authored by doctoral students was different from those authored by master's students required an initial assessment of whether the proportion of doctoral and master's students remained constant across the decades of the sampling period and for this a chi-squared test of homogeneity was used.	3
In particular, having a PhD and working in a large school were found to have a significant impact on improving the research output of a publishing academic.	5
We observed a score of 8.3, which is relatively high for a social network.	4
The evaluation results proved that NFindex is capable of generating normalised values that can maintain fair, yet, realistic comparison for research papers across diverse research areas.	4
A total of 198 countries and states including Hong Kong and Taiwan were examined.	2
The value of the relatedness index for all journals included in WoS is available from the Journal Citation Report (JCR) published by Thomson Reuters.	2
Background: The European Commission is funding projects that aim to establish data-sharing platforms.	1
The Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-Expanded) and Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) were used as citation indexes to make the samples more comprehensive.	2
The Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection, the most reliable database (Yang et al.	2
It is proved that the distribution of usage counts obeys the power law.	5
Despite the overall growth, the study highlights a mismatch between the quantity of gold OA publications and their citation impact, raising questions about the broader influence of Malaysian gold OA research.	4
Of these 21, 20 only offered a CC BY licence to authors funded by non-commercial organisations and one offered this option to any funder who required it.	4
The bibliometric data presented in Section 4 have been analysed in SPSS using descriptive statistics (frequency, mean, median and percentages), parametric and non-parametric tests (T-test and Mann-Whitney U), and generalised linear models.	3
Consequently, the area between the diagonal and his curves does not lead to a Gini index.	4
Se descubre la doble alma de la revista -Biblioteconomía y Documentación y Comunicación- con seis áreas temáticas principales.	4
Therefore, with the findings taken together, it should be recommended to kill much of the adverbs rather than the adjectives in academic writing, if researchers in the areas of social science and arts and humanities would write as clearly and concisely as those in natural science and applied science.	5
FIG 2—Directors' assessment of organisational culture (according to Handy's model) of their own unit and of MRC head office	0
An analysis of the titles of papers submitted to the UK REF in 2014: authors, disciplines, and stylistic details	1
With co-word analysis, co-citation is one of the preferred methods to visualize a scientific domain (Chen et al., 2010).	3
Finally, 7 indicators are selected, including Total Cites, Impact Factor, Impact Factor without Journal Self Cites, Immediacy Index, Eigenfactor Score, Article influence Score, and Normalized Eigenfactor.	2
Regarding the research areas, the area with the highest frequency of papers was Education and Educational Research.	4
The results reveal that both types of variables play pivotal roles in the evolution of scientific knowledge.	4
Gender explained 1.2% of the variance in h-indices; after adjustment for professional age, gender explained only 0.1% of the variance.	4
What do bibliographic patterns reveal about links to disciplines such as economics and political science (interfield networks) and about the links among public policy journals themselves (intrafield networks)?	1
Using co-authorships, the measure most often used for examining international collaboration, we have shown that for a small country such as Denmark, what is claimed as ‘Danish research’ can today, in 6 out of 10 cases, also be claimed as research belonging to at least one other country.	5
The related work section reviews the current state of the art, and is followed by section 3, where data and methodology are introduced.	0
Received January 8, 2016; revised April 22, 2016; accepted May 11, 2016	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 65(11):2331–2347, 2014	0
Ethical approval for the study was waived, as the study did not involve human subjects.	0
In our study, a single research subject librarian, who provides library support for three subject areas on campus, implemented our methodology.	0
M. Kaiser appeared as an author or coauthor 26 times—an average of almost one article in every volume!	4
Nonetheless, for those notes with clear information about the initiators, 21% were initiated by editors/publishers without agreement from authors; 11% were retracted after both editors and authors agreed to the decision; and finally, 15% were due to initiation from authors themselves.	4
Funding: This study was supported by a grant from the European Union’s Biomed-1 program (CT92-1068).	0
It seems that the value of a repository and open access ideals are quite enough to significantly increase faculty and students participation to populate the IRs.	4
One highly evaluated method is the map equation method (Rosvall and Bergstrom 2008), as it exhibits more comparable performance in community extraction than other methods (Lancichinetti and Fortunato 2009; Barabási 2016).	3
Like our earlier findings for the natural sciences and engineering these observations again suggest that, on average, in the more recent years the majority of SB-SNPRs are cited by one or more patents before the ‘scientific wakening’.	5
Compared to “blind” communism or lottery the ideal and realistic schemes that account for research skills lead to higher average skill in population, faster circulation of staff and to higher citation counts.	4
All document types (including journal articles, review and conference papers, letters, book chapters, proceedings papers, short surveys, and editorials) were classified as the main input for this study.	0
First, we study how DoL is related to the size of the team.	1
Based on the data reported here, the OA policies considered by GBMF would not have substantially altered the journals in which the grantees published their work.	5
The second technique to support scientific transformation in ES science concerns funding and other institutions (networks and journals) creating and maintaining an opportunistic atmosphere to incite the community of ecologists to adopt the ES notion.	4
Topics crossed various subfields and represented only those dissertation efforts which culminated in degree attainment.	0
Tables 2 through 5 present the results of the hierarchical regression analyses using four dependent measures of group productivity, controlling for prior PI research productivity.	4
The h-index is an indicator of the impact of a researcher on the development of his or her scientific field.	5
The study adds to our understanding of the importance of international academic mobilization's contributions to science both at individual and collective levels by revealing the magnitude of it as well as the causality between them.	5
"Social tagging,” “folksonomy,” and “social bookmarking" were used as search terms in our study.	2
Our results display the central role of the introduction of a logic of coordination by the EU; it created a breeding ground for a new generation of programs and, at the same time, allowed to make the integration model more flexible and acceptable to National States (as funding became only virtually integrated).	4
For the group of smaller countries, the degree of transnationalisation is in the range 60–70%, whereas the group of mid-sized countries are in the range 45–50% and the group of large countries are in the range 20–30%.	4
This article seeks to assess current research on the SDGs that directly refers to the goals.	1
The literature output on information literacy was examined using the techniques of bibliometric analysis and information visualization.	3
Our general research question concerns ‘how to quantitatively measure the relevance of the journals when there is no impact factor available', or in other words ‘how to give an idea of their quality, based on statistical measures'.	1
From the Department of Urology, University of California-San Francisco, San Francisco, California	0
Because of a greater coverage of documentary sources in many languages that is greater than that of traditional bibliographic databases, Google Scholar is an ideal tool for examining the social sciences in non-Anglophone countries.	1
We then study the cross-discipline effects by constructing an academic network that maps the level of cross-discipline content in the journals of eighteen different academic disciplines: chemistry, mathematics, physics, computer science, engineering, biology, ecology, medicine, nursing, sociology, psychology, political science, economics, management, accounting, finance, information systems, and marketing.	2
Specifically, we used latent Dirichlet allocation (Blei, Ng, & Jordan, 2003) for this study.	3
We illustrate interpretation of the indicators using the same small-world example that Bornmann and Haunschild (2018a) present in their Table 4 (p.	2
The anonymized interview transcripts were coded and analyzed by both authors using the qualitative data analysis software Atlas.ti.	3
Academics have been focused on the analysis of the biomechanical, physiological and nutritional aspects of taekwondo, using sport sciences-oriented journals for the dissemination of their publications.	5
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
This study also showed high transience rate of 78.89% indicating that the authors were mainly occasional publishers.	5
2, we first downloaded SSCI and A&HCI data from WoS in January 2019 using the search string PY = 2013–2017 AND DT = (Article OR Review OR Proceedings paper).	2
With respect to the author gender, our results in general show that male and female authors are not equally represented in the journal, with a great difference in the case of collective authorship that doubles the number of signers.	5
If such a correlation exists, the secondary aim is to quantify the use of social media to disseminate original research by six indexed peer-reviewed endodontic journals.	1
In the present approach, in order to emphasize the co-authorship features within different sub-fields of a (main) author, it seems fair to me to accept a priori the sub-fields selected by this “leader”.	3
Data was extracted from Web of Science (WoS) and InCites for the 2014-2018 time-period and analyzed using excel.	2
But the question is though theoretically those are very good but practically how far that could be effective is questionable.	0
After matching using the national codes, 1116 medical services were identified and formed the basket for price comparison.	2
We assume a peer-reviewed journal that receives a contribution from an author whose job is to provide quality enhancing effort for their manuscript.	2
The precision and recall of the top model significantly exceed ABCA by 7.136 and 7.786 percentage units, respectively, and the F1-score increases by 7.526 percentage units.	4
Univariable followed by multivariable linear regression modeling was done to determine the factors affecting IF.	3
Thirdly, the packaging of impact is changing and this separates new-short-term and old-long-term definitions of impact as it is deconstructed with some parts of value to the REF2014 parameters and some not.	5
To evaluate whether physicians with higher academic productivity, as measured by the number of publications in Scopus and the Scopus Hirsch index (h-index), earn higher salaries.	1
The analytical results of this study present useful quantitative measures of the research contributions of different states in India.	5
All six journals are decreasing in concentration, with AOS decreasing at the lowest rate (0.9 percent) and RAST at the highest rate (8.94 percent).	4
This study addresses the lack of transparency by leveraging Elsevier article metadata and provides the first publisher-level study of hybrid OA uptake and invoicing.	1
Research output measures include: average citations per publication, H-index, average number of publications per year.	0
The importance of the drivers of academic engagement in collaboration, relative to one another, remains quite stable over the two periods examined.	5
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly credited.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
Third, we demonstrate that temporal changes in foreign interactions result in the optimization of citation gains globally despite a lack of an association between the incidence of ties and impact in scientific relationships.	4
7, the median of daily cumulative article views is in the range of 11,393–11,712, and there was no obvious difference after becoming OA.	4
We also examined Google Scholar, Scopus database and InCites Journal Citation Reports for citation, author and journal metrics, respectively.	2
The total number of publications emanating from each country was normalized with the country's population.	3
Increasing altmetrics attention signals interest in HPE research and the need for further investigation.	5
As shown in Table 1, the majority (54%) of corresponding authors were first authors, fewer were second authors (24%) or last authors (19%), and only 1% each were third authors, penultimate authors, or in some other position.	4
The top 100 articles from each database were included in the analysis.	4
It empirically analyzes all graphically designed (non-photographic) images extracted from Websites hosted in the historical .yu domain and archived by the Internet Archive between 1997 and 2000, to assess the utility and value of visual data analytics as a measure of nationality of a Web domain.	1
However, as shown in the discussion and examples provided above, the system of governance by self-regulation is porous, allowing studies with bad data to remain in the scientific literature and to be cited as valid, long after having been discredited, with potentially life-threatening ramifications.	4
Compared with preprints that have not been published in journals, preprints subsequently published in journals have better impact (altmetrics and citations).	1
We find that a stretched exponent gradually decreases with time after online publication following a power-law scaling.	4
Web of Science Core Collection bibliometric data of authors retracted from developing economies were downloaded on June 30, 2022.	2
In this research, using the Bourdieusian conceptual framework of the sociology of science, we analyzed the career paths of 426 researchers in communication studies from the Global South.	1
However, when looking at future citations as a proxy for the quality of the research, female-authored papers received 25% more citations than similarly evaluated male-authored papers, suggesting that women needed to produce higher quality work than men in order for referees to recommend publication.	4
The time windows that we considered in constructing the network are three-year intervals to account for extended collaborations and to analyse the network connections among academic scientists.	3
Yet, the detailed patterns vary case by case.	5
This study's main purpose was to compare the intellectual structures of Buddhist studies in language communities over time through co-word analysis.	1
Our dataset includes 10 194 publications, of which 2 773 are in IDR journals.	2
The variable we chose to measure citation impact-i.e.	3
The DBV represented a stronger correlation with traditional metrics than the AAS.	4
what is the relationship among mentions in social media, the content of the abstract, usage and download and received citations in Scopus of papers published in open access?	1
Among the ten tier "A" journals, Journal of Finance, Journal of Financial Economics, Review of Financial Studies, and Journal of Financial and Quantitative Analysis fall in the “A+” group based on an estimation of the nested random-effects regression model for both quality and importance.	4
The sample in this study was 55% female, and the average age of the subjects was 49 years.	2
For that reason, this study analyzes all the publications in the journal since its creation by using a bibliometric approach.	1
We also predicted potential tendencies and hot topics in the future.	5
In conclusion, while papers with higher scores on established research quality metrics tend to be cited more frequently in policy documents, the extent of their influence remains modest.	5
This group accounted for approximately 24% of all citations.	4
Standard error bars are based on 10 measurements for "New England Journal of Medicine" and on nine for "Lancet"	0
The chi-square goodness of fit test suggests that the number of papers being published is strongly correlated with the category of the organization—organizations in a coleadership network or organizations without coleadership (P<.001, 2015 and 2017).	4
Short sections of text, not to exceed two paragraphs, may be quoted without explicit permission provided that full credit, including ?	0
Three groups were defined for comparison based on medical subject headings (MeSH) and publishing date queries: Group 1, COVID-19: all research articles with the MeSH term “COVID-19" published between 1 January and 31 December 2020.	2
To cite this document: Jiming Hu, Yin Zhang, (2017) "Structure and patterns of cross-national Big Data research collaborations", Journal of Documentation, Vol.	0
The main set of estimates are obtained by modeling the conditional mean functions, Gdid, Grd, and Gddd, as exponential (which leads to the Poisson regression model) and using pseudo maximum likelihood (PPML) to estimate equations (1), (2), and (3).	3
'Biological Psychiatry' published most number of articles (n = 13) among the list.	4
Through our examination, citations of 51 corrected papers were affected to different degrees.	4
Table 1 shows scholars that serve on three or more editorial boards in LIS.	0
It is striking that Class 2 is not correlated at all with the upper two classes and with the RCR and that it has a moderate correlation with the other citation indicators.	4
Both figures reveal that the CP-INs and CP-EXs are uniformly distributed between values from around 10 to 100.	4
On the basis of this study, we can conclude that the papers published in monographic special issues in the psychology journals analysed receive a higher number of citations than the articles published in non-monographic issues, mainly when the total number of citations in the WoS, Biosis, Scielo and Other databases (Chinese and Russian) is analysed.	5
(2012) shows that the shifted Lotka function has powerful explanatory value in informetrics.	5
How the map would change using the methodology described in this paper for selecting critical thresholds remains to be seen.	0
Figures 6–8 show five different clustering results obtained by assigning a weight of 1.2 to each of the five different features.	4
These experiences differ by generation, which also affects academics' knowledge transfer.	4
Gray cells indicate that no researcher is assigned to this field in this country.	0
The current analysis of the Scopus database has documented a massive increase in the number of authors who exhibit extreme publishing behavior in recent years in fields outside the discipline of nuclear and particle physics that has been well-known to operate with large-scale collaborations resulting in massive co-authorships of published articles.	5
Furthermore, our exploratory research suggests that some other factors remain more predominant than journal lists for influencing respondents' valuation of journals: journal quality based on bibliometric indicators, reputational journal brands, editorial procedures, and publishing models.	5
A significant strong positive correlation (where rR > 0.4) was observed between the ranked altmetric attention score and ranked citation values with a significance level of 95% (a=0.05) for all the faculty members for both the publication durations.	4
My aim will be to reconstruct the specific cultural forms of accumulation in both settings and their relation to practices of knowledge production.	3
The Web of Science Core Collection includes more than 14,000 high-quality journals indexed with the most complete information for all the articles, including all the authors' names, authors' affiliations, abstracts, keywords, funding information, etc.	2
A systematic method to create search strategies for emerging technologies based on the Web of Science: illustrated for 'Big Data'	1
We first provide a framework of how to describe and distinguish approaches to topic extraction from bibliographic data of scientific publications.	1
As we can see in Table 5, Vancouver, Toronto and Montreal are the main centers for nanomedicine technology development.	4
We retrieved all relevant research, and built our bibliometric database on 20th, September 2015, based on the following research strategy: TS = (Genetically Modified Food OR GM Food OR GMF) NOT TS = (Glia Maturation Factor OR Geomagnetic Field OR General Motor Function OR Global Mapping Function OR General Magnetic Field OR Graphical Modeling Framework OR General Motors OR Grey Model).	2
Thus, the current study addresses this question by using two comprehensive data sets with publications (in the biomedical area) including quality assessments by experts (F1000Prime member scores) and citation data for the publications.	1
Odlyzko, School of Mathematics, University of Minnesota, 127 Vincent Hall, 206	0
Only 14% believed they had good chances of attracting their perfect grant, while 52% considered it somewhat likely.	4
There were 84 681 ophthalmology papers from 2007-2016.	4
It is interesting to emphasize that the excess citations of the papers comprising the h-core account for 91.84 percent of the total residual citations.	0
In response, this article uses simulated data to systematically compare the accuracy of confidence limits in the simplest possible case, a single field and year.	1
This belies significant variation in the impact of the change in funding by researcher characteristics: 1) less-established researchers benefit more from the funding upgrade; 2) scientific fields that are more likely to be financially constrained benefited more; and 3) researchers from less-prestigious research institutions made more productive use of the additional funds.	4
In concluding, randomization by editors can be rational.	5
Both the models fail to meet the assumption of normally distributed errors: the Chi square test for normal distribution (Ho: residuals are normally distributed) is 104.75 (p value: 0.0000) for the base model and 130.86 (p value 0.0000) in the case of the alternative model.	4
We illustrate this argument with reference to the theoretical framework “sociology of professions” (Abbott, 1988, 1991), which we apply to a comparison of research evaluation frameworks in the Netherlands and Italy, two countries that contrast in how knowledge for research assessment is both produced and used.	1
Being in the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-Expanded) database, increasing impact factor, and having low self-citation rates highlight its high standards and global impact.	5
The term "predatory publisher" and related terms such as “predatory publishing" or "predatory journal" have not yet entered into mainstream general language lexicographic resources such as the Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary (2020) or the Cambridge Dictionary Online (2020).	4
Funding This research was supported by the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research [Grant Number M527800].	0
The present study seeks to examine the research growth in the field of library and information science (LIS) at a global level for the period 2004-2013.	1
This purposive sample only aims to demonstrate that the prevailing significance of gender differences has also recently been challenged in various approaches (and by no means considered a comprehensive review).	0
Bivariate associations between h-index and gender, as well as the other covariates (i.e., rank, school ranking, degrees), were examined using linear regression.	3
We took only the average value from the graphical data for 1979-1989.	0
In the last decade, the highest number of papers was published by authors from China.	4
Note: AI: artificial intelligence; P2P: Peer-to-peer; EWOM: Electronic word of mouth; SEM: Structural equation modeling; LBS: Location-based service.	0
The resulting list of 1827 chemicals were ranked using a Chemical Prioritization Index.	3
If this should not prove of the advantage I intended, I shall have to regret that I employed a good deal of time upon it, in a manner certainly extremely dry and unentertaining.	0
Three mathematical calculations were applied to determine the level of overlap between the articles indexed in both databases [45–47]: (1) Meyer’s index, to determine the degree of coverage that each database has on the scientific production of a specific subject [48]; (2) traditional overlapping (TO), to determine the similarity that base A has within base B [49]; and (3) relative overlapping (RO), to obtain the percentage of overlap that base A has on base B [50].	3
Journals' rank correlates strongly and significantly with the number of developmental instructions (0.619**)	4
The eighty-five (85) universities identified in the first 50 Latin American positions of the four revised rankings, ARWU, SIR Scimago, QS, and Webometrics (edition published in July) during the year 2019, are mainly found in Brazil, Chile, Argentina, Mexico, and Colombia representing 89% (cluster 1, see Table 2).	4
We used multiple random forest models to assess the ability of indicators to reliably distinguish a gold standard set of breakthrough publications as identified by subject matter experts from among a comparison group of similar Thomson Reuters Web of ScienceTM publications.	3
1 depicts a matrix showing the average citation discrepancies between databases.	0
The results are broadly consistent with the absence of a systematic gender bias in citations and with this bias, if it exists, not being influential on the proportion of women in a field, at least at the level of citations per paper.	5
Department of Economics, Brigham Young University, 130 FOB, Provo, UT 84602, USA; E-mail: ransom@byu.edu; corresponding author.	0
Journal citation consists of JSC, intra-disciplinary non-JSC and interdisciplinary non-JSC.	4
In an explorative, single country case study covering a timespan of three decades this study examines the effects of changes in selected funding factors based on the notion that funding plays a decisive role in defining the scope, content and direction of public research.	1
We constructed four classifiers by the random forest model, logistic regression, support vector machine, and naive Bayes.	3
Essentially, it is a visual presentation created to reflect a comprehensive and systematic overview of quantitative bibliometric data obtained from the scientific literature (Van Eck, 2011).	0
While some studies have assessed the correlation between AAS and the number of citations in several disciplines and specialties,1–4 it remains unclear whether AAS correlates with article citations among high-impact general medicine journals.	1
PhD graduates who have co-authored with high-impact researchers (other than advisors) are more likely to find faculty positions in better ranked institutions.	4
The main conclusion is that rural depopulation is not yet a solid field of research and the most important themes identified are related to specific geographical areas.	5
The authors built a model based on the theoretical arguments and empirical evidence found in the review of diversity and HRM literature.	3
FPR has not yet developed a regime of valuation that does justice to its interdisciplinarity, which prevents the field from utilising its full potential.	4
The results showed that research domains in "emerging technology" showed a high rate of patent increase, indicating that they were commercializing rapidly.	4
The correlation between the citation and altmetric attention score was further analyzed in Table 16 using Spearman ranking-order analysis for two different publication durations (i.e., November 2018 and January 2020).	3
Using the most cited articles as a (biased) sample of topics over time, while 2006 was clearly the year of wine, there is little evidence of any such particularism in Agribusiness.	5
In the QS ranking, universities involved in national higher education initiatives improved by 53.04 places and experienced a rank improvement of 17.65 places compared to those not involved in such initiatives.	4
The second half of the paper will explore the management aspect of publication payment, and how libraries can be involved in the process, first considering current practices to support open access, such as through publisher membership schemes.	3
In this article, network analysis was applied to measure the structural characteristics of the scientific cooperation network on COVID-19.	3
Each received award and third party funding increases the odds for tenure by respectively 41 and 26 percent, while international experience, social capital and children hardly have a strong influence.	4
However, using the information in Table 2, readers can easily make a similar categorization.	0
The four single key authors in bold published as the sole author and are not part of a research group.	0
The increasing number of highly cited Indian papers is mainly due to increasing trend in the international collaboration.	5
RQ#2 How is the knowledge in different layers of Computer Science integrated by different knowledge layers of Medical Informatics?	1
programs and a relatively low number of master's degrees awarded annually.	2
This paper aims to critically assess some standard bibliometric indicators commonly used (based on publication and citation counts) to evaluate academic units, and examine whether there are factors not taken into account that influence evaluation results.	1
The total publication count, divided by 100 for scale, is also represented.	0
The following four major public health emergencies in the 21st century were selected as research objects: SARS, H1N1, MERS and Ebola.	2
The empirical data are taken from two online surveys of European authors.	2
The study team selected four abstracts from Cochrane Reviews to ensure that there was a high internal validity for the type of study being described and that the study was of at least some interest to most clinicians.	2
It is fascinating to consider that most of the older articles do not represent major breakthroughs in basic science.	5
The balanced worth is a refinement of "the worth" (Herrero and Villar in PLoS ONE 8(12):e84784, 2013.	3
The study design was correlated with the level of evidence, and Level IV studies far outweighed all other levels of evidence in the cohort, with a total of 58 (58%).	4
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at University of Sydney on March 13, 2015	0
We formally confirm the structure by applying a community detection algorithm (the Leiden algorithm (45)) to the full network.	3
Data were accessed on 11th March 2020 from the library of Xi’an Jiaotong University.	2
There was a statistically significant increase in the proportion of interdisciplinary articles in 2015 compared with both 2005 and 2010 (P = .02).	4
Strenuous efforts have been made to perform the activity index (performance indicator) of JOC, to determine the degree of collaboration in quantitative terms, to ascertain the collaboration density, as well as to test the empirical validation of Lotka's law in this scientific specialty.	3
While it is true that there is and has been no national assessment or evaluation of the entire public research base in Ireland, there is evidence to show the relative strengths of different subject fields and areas.	3
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Its primary contribution is providing an in-depth analysis of JCF's content, which may help its global readers gain a comprehensive overview of the journal's evolution during its first 25 years and its board members to shape JCF's editorial policy and future strategy.	5
The author conducted an internet-based analysis of NIH awards to anesthesiology researchers from 2011-2020 to identify the types, duration of funding, and amount of grants, and the terminal degree(s), faculty rank, gender, board certification status, and type of appointment of the grant recipients including those with an interest in cardiac anesthesiology.	1
The second approach to appraise concentration is to model specifically the tail of the citation distribution.	3
Despite its limitations, our study helps advance our understanding of integrity in academic research, in particular researchers' perceptions of their research integrity responsibilities and their perceptions of associated integrity enablers.	5
This is a pre-print of a paper and is subject to change before publication.	0
The report presents information processed from databases loaded after queries on "Waste management" topics consulted in Scopus and Web of Science.	2
The combined proportion of open access publications was 20.0% (125 of 625).	4
As a whole, KARI scientists were more productive in writing reports and bulletins to meet the needs of their clientele.	4
The database used in this study is obtained from the American Physical Society (APS) journals for the period 1893 to 2009 and includes journals of the physical review series and the reviews of modern physics.	2
To conclude, the answer to the question by which we motivated this study: do different areas have different impacts in these journals, is a resounding yes, with the ratio between highest and lowest IFs being 2.5 times in Nature and Science and ~6 times in PNAS.	5
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
In this process, a researcher's academic age is measured by the year of his/her first publication (based on all records in the PKG dataset).	3
The WoSCC is a multidisciplinary bibliographic database that includes five indexes referencing articles and proceedings: the Science Citation Index-Expanded (SCIE), the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI), the Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI), the Conference Proceedings Citation Index-Science (CPCI-S), and the Conference Proceedings Citation Index-Social Science & Humanities (CPCI-SSH).	2
In conclusion, this exploratory study shows that the gold open access model is disadvantageous to authors in lower income regions.	5
There was no evidence of female citation advantages or disadvantages to be a cause or effect of changes in the proportions of women in a field for any country.	4
For this purpose, we analyzed a sample of about 15000 proposals, submitted by more than 3000 Principal Investigators over 8 years.	2
Inclusion of acronyms and taxonomic names was associated with lower citation rates, while assertive-statement phrasing and presence of colons, question marks, and political regions were associated with somewhat higher citation rates.	4
Openness values of French and German sociology journals (the worldwide publication shares are estimated as: English: 81.4%, French: 4.8%, German: 3%).	0
The correlation between world class fine-grained area ranking and the other three ranking systems shows approximately equal moderate correlation with all three: 0.580 with ARWU, 0.552 with THE-WUR and 0.537 with QS-WUR (1-tailed Spearman's rho, significant at the 0.01 level).	4
However, because our data indicate minor departures from normality (see Section "Results", below), we ultimately used a multivariate Kruskal-Wallis test.	3
Certain specialties such as spine surgery and arthroplasty show a growing trend at the cost of others of which musculoskeletal oncology and pediatric orthopedics are of special mention.	5
Beijing, Hubei and several other areas are central and significant regions in China; other regions are mostly connected with central ones through direct collaborations.	4
Here we use the Web of Science (WoS) database to retrieve data and the retrieval time is 2016.06.16.	2
By the end of the period, the inflation ratio for Russian organisations was nearly 70% and for all affiliates, it was over 180%.	4
To ameliorate this, we present the CoronaCentral resource that uses machine learning to process the research literature on SARS-CoV-2 together with SARS-CoV and MERS-CoV.	1
See Supplementary Table 2 for the results with the inclusion of the outlier.	0
There are significant differences among the areas of knowledge studied: biological sciences, physics and engineering have better production and impact rates than mathematics, geosciences, medicine, agrosciences, chemistry, social sciences and humanities.	4
For three of the four homogeneous classes of researchers identified, a different responsibility dominated the hierarchy.	4
ICTS members were searched in Elsevier Scopus using the author search tool.	2
Following the same methodology used by Peset et al.	3
Social scientists from peripheral regions, while producing more papers in the core journals compiled by the SSCI, have a stronger tendency to cite journals from the two core regions, thus losing at least partially their more locally embedded references, and to collaborate more with central social scientists.	5
Thirteen emerging topics were identified through applying topic continuity attributes to the data set (Fig.	4
The database used in this bibliometric study, the Web of Science (WoS) database: Core Collection [20], is one of the largest and comprehensive bibliographic databases covering multidisciplinary areas.	2
His research interests focus on bibliometrics, informetrics, scholarly communication, and research evaluation.	0
This article provides the comprehensive analysis of research landscape in BRICS countries in different aspects: level of their publication activity and contribution to the global process of knowledge generation; thematic structure of publications of BRICS countries, their scientific specialization; quality of articles measured by citation indicators; similarity of thematic structures of publications; international research collaboration profiles; and finally closeness and relative influence of each country in intra-BRICS collaborating pairs.	1
Most surprisingly, in contrast with the expected results, the higher the ratio between full-text reads and overall reads, the lower the RG Score is (p – 0.47, p value 0.0000).	4
In addition to analyzing ASPHO-collected survey data, ASPHO created a Workforce Taskforce and Workforce Strategy Group to study the PHO workforce and evaluate other relevant data from the ABP and the American Medical Association (AMA).	2
It should be born in mind that these figures are rough estimations, as the errors in the identification of the paper drain are not evenly distributed across the different subject categories.	0
This new point of view based on networking structures and helped by social network analysis (SNA) techniques can puzzle out how the collaboration structures are able to configure the production and the quality of the scientific research.	3
To develop effective interventions to prevent publishing in presumed predatory journals (ie, journals that display deceptive characteristics, markers or data that cannot be verified), it is helpful to understand the motivations and experiences of those who have published in these journals.	1
An understanding of the precedents for retraction types can help journal editors make relevant decisions about questionable work.	0
From the 463 practising dermatologists in Australia and New Zealand, 372 (80%) were successfully matched to Scopus researcher profiles.	4
Online faculty profiles and academic CVs were among the resources used to determine this information.	0
News & World Report (USNWR; http://www.usnews.com/), which collates data for various academic disciplines every 4 years.	2
The leading countries actively contributing to this research are the United States and China, both of which have made substantial public investments in research endeavors.	5
The purpose of this study is to explore to which extent data mining research would be associated with the library and information science (LIS) discipline.	1
National and international partnerships significantly increased during the time period of our survey and at a higher rate than articles with no partnership.	4
The ITS research field is growing and strongly linked to other knowledge areas that are also growing, such as big data, smart cities, and IT technologies, among others.	5
We displayed the relevant text as an embedded image to prevent students from copying-and-pasting the sentence.	0
Then, using the Interpretative Structural Modeling approach, the researchers develop a coherent rubric for establishing the ranking.	3
We use these vignettes to show that there is a rich vein of developments in both theory and practice that STS scholars can pursue by attending to the interplay of science, technology and security.	4
In the following, we present the findings of our study alongside the three research questions.	0
This study analyzes these academic practices using 4973 articles (11,033 authors) in three major tourism journals from 1990 to 2017.	1
Instead of focusing on open access policy compliance, concerns about both rigour and cost shifting in academic publishing might be better understood within the context of an academy that was already skewed towards an existing Global North elite where the pressure to publish has already created the conditions for the decay of slow and careful scholarship	1
Consequently, to increase the visibility and recognition of the outcomes of their activities, it is very important to find a straight-forward identification of these organisations.	5
We hypothesized that dedicated resident research time would not affect the quantity and quality of a program's peer-reviewed publication within orthopedic residencies.	1
The final sample included 572 participants, of whom 392 were students from the Romanian section and 180 were students from international programs.	2
BC pairs are particularly concentrated in the lower left corner, meaning, more BC pairs have shorter spans and younger ages, or BC tends to occur between patents issued close to each other and more recently.	4
Based on the Modified Rohrich and Weinstein Criteria, our study concluded that the open-access plastic and “generic” surgery journals that sent unsolicited emails are mostly predatory.	5
This study seeks to contribute to the gap existing in the entrepreneurship literature by analysing the field of sport entrepreneurship using bibliometric techniques based on descriptive, co-occurrence analysis and thematic analysis.	1
This manipulation strategy – previously also described in Vinkler (2013) where it yields a "successively built-up indicator" - consists in an author perpetually self-citing all of his previous publications1 such that at the level of each paper N he references all of his previous publications up to and including paper N – 1.	3
The demand for pirate websites is obviously higher in underfinanced, peripheral academic systems, but their convenience of use makes them a threat to official full-text databases in the Western countries as well.	5
Out of 19,722 publications, 12,380 (62.6%) papers have at least one reader in Mendeley, 324 (1.6 %) papers have at least one tweet in Twitter, 289 (1.4 %) papers have at least one mention in Wikipedia, 72 (0.3%) papers have at least one bookmark in Delicious and 7413 (37.4 %) papers have at least one citation in PubMed.	4
(2) The intended goal, that is, the normative orientation of our engagement.	3
The PCoA scores were used to perform an analysis of variance (ANOVA), followed by a Tukey's test to evaluate the significant differences in information of each category amongst the databases.	3
Quantification and quality assessment of articles published about PG in bibliometric characteristics.	1
The researchers limited the publication year to between 2007 and 2011, and articles were the only document type considered.	2
Findings of the present analysis substantiate that tribal communities are undergoing an unprecedented social and psychological unrest owing to present discourse and narratives of economic development.	5
Operative training was the most common topic of publication, accounting for 83 articles (22.9%).	4
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
The major topics which will continue to be active include genetic algorithms, data mining, neural networks, support vector machines, classification and machine learning, feature selection, particle swarm optimization, fuzzy logic, and clustering.	4
This motivated the study to look into the use of OA by scientists in the Crop Research Institute (CRI) for the dissemination of scientific information.	1
In contrast, bootstrap MNCS (Mean Normalised Citation Score) confidence intervals can be very unsafe, although their accuracy increases with sample sizes.	4
Articles in these seven journals seldom referenced each other but more often cited prominent political science and economics journals; self-citations were comparatively high.	4
This article explores some of the consequences of open access (OA) for scholars in the global South, centring on what constitutes their equal participation in the global circuit of knowledge production.	1
Once the algorithm was applied to the data, 24 clusters were obtained.	4
Ni and Ki > κi, where κi refers to k in pairwise comparison, and κi = κrest, bootstrap in the case of one-against-the-rest comparison.	5
The Medical Subject Headings (MeSH), as the domain-specific structured ontology, was usually considered a domain knowledge base (Nayak et al., 2019), which was meticulously maintained and updated in real-time by experts from the U.S.	2
Our results suggest that papers that have the maximum impact in technology also have a very strong impact on academia.	5
Bibliographic data for papers published in the remaining 84 journals were collected from the Web of Science (WOS) database.	2
Port redundancy increased rapidly from 2018 to 2020, followed by a rapid decline from 2020 to 2022, exhibiting a normal distribution curve.	4
According to our findings and previous results, the h-index is the only among four indices that consistently differentiated physicians by academic rank.	5
Currently, there are 928,368 letters indexed in Web of Science Core Collection (WoS) (2.246% of all the indexed literature), published from 1996, and mostly written in English (Clarivate Analytics 2018a).	2
Figure 9a shows the non-context methodology results; it presents an accuracy of 81.4% and a F1-score value of 0.893.	4
A list of the included journals is available in Table 2.	0
Most frequently cited co-authorship networks showing the top co-author in each country.	0
The recall of a search in a database is the number of relevant results obtained in that database for the search topic, divided by all the relevant results found on that topic in different databases (Walters, 2011).	3
Impact measures based on five-year citation windows enable more stable journal rankings over time.	4
We use the terms “center” and “periphery,” coined by Wallerstein (1991) and included in his world systems theory, to express the different extent to which nations participate in the world economy, depending on their level of development.	0
Next we used the unique identifying information (e.g., DOI, PubMed ID, Scopus ID, article title) for the entire publication set (collected in the previous step) to search and find every publication indexed in the NIH iCite, Scopus, and Google Scholar databases.	2
The findings of the current study further revealed that the Nobel laureates' publications had more incidences of self-plagiarism than plagiarising of others' works.	5
A total of 835,795 publication records were retrieved after pre-processing.	2
Comparisons of proportional change in funding between 2009 and 2018 were performed based on mean change in funding using univariate generalized linear models with a log link function due to the right-skewed nature of the data.	3
As indicators of impact we extracted: number of citations and ratio citations per article of institutions and countries; impact factor and quartile of journals in Journal Citation Reports and most cited papers.	3
This retrospective analysis used bibliometric information retrieved from the most renowned citation database Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science.	2
It argues that research impact occurs at the intersection of these fields of power.	1
Quantitative data gathered through the online survey were recorded in Excel and analysed using R and Stata 16.	3
Acknowledgements constitute a long-established element of scholarly communication and their analysis may provide an interesting insight into different aspects of the process of knowledge creation and for understanding social interactions and intellectual relations that lie behind a piece of research.	5
This study analyzed 7923 articles published between 1992 and 20222 with the R program, biblioshiny package program, and VOSviewer software (Van Eck & Waltman, 2010).	3
In all the disciplines and both countries, books receive on average more citations than articles and book chapters.	4
The above equation shows that the journal impact factor (JIF) is a ratio between citations and citable items, and is therefore a measure of the frequency with which the “average article” published in a journal is cited in a particular year.	3
Another key finding is a strong correlation between trust in the ability of grant reviewers and trust in the ability of one's colleagues, head of department, networks outside the department, and journal reviewers (Table A.3).	4
Recent research also demonstrates that language used in online searching is biased to privilege the work of and ease of use of men, particularly those who are also native English speakers.	4
We collected 117,913 astrophysics preprints from 1992 to 2011.	2
Salient features of predatory journals like flattering language, abundant grammatical errors, unclear publication charges and wide variety of article types and topics accepted for publication were confirmed for the examined journals/publishers.	4
Our model demonstrates that new institutions are critical to absorbing extra capacity by collecting researchers who do not join large institutions.	5
The regression coefficient of WT is -0.73 (p<0.01).	4
Citation analysis is used to test for the Matthew effect that eminent scientists have an inherent advantage in the competition for funds.	3
The filtering process further refined the results by focusing exclusively on the "Open Access" category, specifically targeting Gold OA publications.	2
The columns in both Figure 4 and Figure 5 denote the average values of the groups.	0
The second finding was that there are major differences among search tool results.	5
This work was supported by The Alan Turing Institute under the EPSRC grant EP/ N510129/1.	0
In some cases, authors will address their citations in such a way as to make the citation indexes serve their purposes, that is, they will cite their own papers more (May 1967).	0
The results indicate that the US, three European countries (Germany, Italy, and France), and China are the most central countries (see Table 1) in terms of degree centrality, thus acting as the network’s hubs in the field of cancer research.	4
We find that there is insufficient collaboration among this overall set of agencies involved, but that the collaboration among core S&T policy-making agencies—e.g., the MOST, the MOF, the SDPC, the MOE, the MOFCOM, etc.—are being vigorously strengthened.	5
This study aims to describe the production of doctoral theses in Spain according to the data available in TESEO between 2013 and 2017.	1
That is, I examine the impact of increased visibility on the depth and scope of recombination of knowledge.	1
PoP searched in Google Scholar database for finding the articles, citations and computing impact metrics.	3
The search process used “International Journal of Uncertainty, Fuzziness and Knowledge-Based Systems” as the publication name and was carried out on August 19, 2017.	2
We calculated the DI according to Wu et al. (2019) for papers available in the Max Planck Society's in-house database which is based on the Web of Science database (Clarivate Analytics).	2
In the general search 95.22% of all analyzed publications were written in English.	4
We use VOS to produce a graphical mapping of bibliographic couplings in ISF.	3
Information needed from these 30 medical universities were obtained from Webometrics Ranking of World Universities based on 4 indicators and were collected in 2 steps (before and after introduction of strategies).	2
SM performed the analyses, with suggestions by FC, DF, and AM.	0
Share of articles receiving their first negative citation at a given age (years).	0
The bibliometric study was conducted in Peshawar and comprised Original articles published in JPMA to frame the portrait of the research publication.	3
Research question 1: How do subjects cluster by opinions and attitudes about OA publishing?	1
In this paper, our research objectives are as follows: (i) to examine the temporal distribution patterns of higher education in internationalization journal articles; (ii) to display contributions by leading authors, leading countries, and the most highly productive educational institutions; (iii) to determine countries based on most major applications; and (iv) to provide insight for future research directions.	1
The aim of this study is to assess biomedical researchers' knowledge about predatory journals both before and after showing them an infographic explaining these journals and their publishing model.	1
It implies that using two metrics, in this case the average publication year and the number of nodes, is effective in evaluating the maturity of knowledge domains, and “emerging technology” is likely to have undergone rapid commercialization in the industry.	5
This was a survey of currently R01-funded physician scientists in EM and was deemed exempt by the local human subjects committee.	0
We cannot expect individuals to act against their best interests.	5
The rank-order correlation of the two indicators for the cited patterns of the 11,467 journals is only 0.35 (p < .01), and as low as .19 (p < .01) in the citing direction.	4
This shares a very strong parallel with what some researchers discovered in social group dynamics [18].	0
University of Toronto Press Journal of Scholarly Publishing April 2021 doi: 10.3138/jsp.52.3.03	0
We have demonstrated a weak but significant correlation between social media mentions of recent endodontic research articles and academic citations.	5
Instead, the authors conclude that the population of archival websites presents its own particular behaviour.	5
Evaluates the apparent quality of the 10 Beall's List accounting journals with the highest citation rates by investigating whether the works that cite those journals are comparable to those that cite 11 Scopus journals of similar citation impact.	1
The BKCI has a total of 408,700 records comprising 29,618 books (162 with no ISBN) and 379,082 book chapters (2,807 with no ISBN), averaging 13.78 book chapters per book.	2
To examine changes over time, data from two periods were examined: 1) the year prior to ICTS formation (2007) and 2) two years during ICTS activity (2010 for grants and 2011 for publications).	2
The concept of the social bandit as coined by Eric Hobsbawm (1959, 1969, 1974) provides a useful analytic tool to think about redistribution in relation to predatory publishing, where tensions between consumers and producers, particularly within the knowledge economies of underdeveloped regions is a central concern.	3
Bibliometric research refers to the quantitative research of the process of creation, transfer, and use of scientific information and bibliometric analyses, on the macro level of science, depict its important components: structure of scientific activity, scientific production, influence of a country or a region on a scientific field, international and interregional collaboration, use of formal communication channels, scientific publication, etc.	1
The tails of in-degree distributions of empirical citation networks are well fitted by power-law distributions (Fig.	4
Figure 2 shows that generated text from the same source, even with different seed text, all end up having quite similar textual distance (or word distribution) compared to genuinely written texts.	4
At least 66.7% of the fake papers gave only a commercial email domain rather than that of an academic institution.	4
production resulted in increasing non-academics; only 22 % of Ph.D.	4
Since 2020, the Ministry of Science and Higher Education of the Russian Federation has applied a new assessment methodology that implements the model of collaboration penalty and quartile bonuses: fractional count of publications and multiplying factors for ones in high-impact journals.	1
8, 9, 10), we conclude that the use of distinct statistical characterizations (IF, ES, or II histograms) leads to similar results.	5
The number of publications with a Digital Object Identifier or in gold open-access journals is lower in the humanities than in the social sciences.	4
We find that sociology, mathematics, physics, and chemistry account for a great proportion of transdisciplinary publications that influence other domains, and that medicine, biology, economics, and geology have the greatest proportion of domain-specific publications that show impact in the original discipline.	4
To enhance the ranking of websites, 4 strategies were introduced in 3 seminars conducted from Jan to Jul 2015.	3
We did not apply any time restriction in our search.	2
The keywords of bursts were also identified by CiteSpace.	3
We conclude by proposing a way forward potentially applicable to both physical and social measurement, in which inferences are modelled in terms of a measurement system, where specifically the output of the instrument in response to probing the object ('entity') is a performance metric, i.e.	5
In order to contribute to a more nuanced understanding of this particular issue, this cross-sectional bibliometric study investigates the link between gender and research performance in the Danish context.	1
We suggest that both the two-exponent behavior and the S-shaped decrease can be understood as the manifestation of the Matthew effect.	5
An inclusion/exclusion criterion is developed to explore relevant studies from the seven largest databases, including Scopus, Web of Science, IEEE, ACM digital library, PubMed, Science Direct and Google Scholar.	2
We searched for articles in the database Scopus (www.scopus.com).	2
In academic papers, more than half of the sentences show the direct use of algorithms, while the lowest percentage of motivations are improving algorithms, and the diversity of motivations has been increasing with time.	4
2 Trend of Japan's contribution in the selected nuclear medicine journals.	0
The main conclusion of our study is that Spanish research on HIV-AIDS has reached a stage of maturity, with an impressive level of scientific output and integration into international collaboration networks.	5
By applying all these filters, we extract a list of 1,184,355 authors.	2
On the one hand, citation indexes at the author level should be interpreted as reflecting a mix of both intellectual achievement and social relations in nonobvious ways, and the use of citation counts to rank authors does not lead to unambiguous measures of the quality of their work.	5
The current study aimed to analyze the global research landscape and trends in RCTs targeting insulin resistance.	1
Our study shows that the validity of citation-based measures is being compromised and their usefulness is lessening.	4
Ultimately, a total of 489,350 actual scholarly citations (covering 182,311 citing articles released between 1999 and 2019) were selected as the positive instances for the classification experiments (the date distribution can refer to Table S2).	2
To this end, a mapping analysis of articles published in the years 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020, located through the BABT journal website on the SciELO platform, available in Open Access format, was carried out.	3
Our research thus points to the need to enhance fairness and career mobility among scientists who have not had a jump start early on.	5
Natural inequalities about h-type indices on the one hand, and the arithmetic, geometric and harmonic mean of infinite sequences, on the other are investigated.	1
“good for teaching”) (2) and the number of Mendeley counts for a paper from each user group (e.g.	3
Book data are drawn from seven main sources: (1) Scopus, (2) OCLC (classify.oclc.org); (3) WorldCat (worldcat.org); (4) Altmetric.com; (5) Open Syllabus Project (opensyllabus.org); (6) Google Books (books.google.com); and (7) Goodreads (goodreads.com).	2
Note that the percentages are weighted in terms of the APPs of group membership, so the numbers per group do not have to add up to whole counts.	0
The academic rank accounts for >33% of the variation in h-index compared with just 12.5% of variation in the number of publications, 10.2% of variation in the total number of citations, and no effect explained in the number of citations per paper.	5
As a practical implication, it supports the argument to spread responsibilities for exchange with different societal domains among individual professors, in line with their own interests and motivations (Janger and Nowotny 2016) rather than forcing unwilling scientists to fit into specific channels of academic engagement (Berggren 2017).	5
This work contributes significantly to the understanding of higher-order collaboration networks by delving into the roles of higher-order holes.	5
Of the 1,047 researchers studied, 673 (64.3%) had at least one profile on the four sites, and the number of researchers having multiple profiles decreased as more sites were studied.	4
The envisaged IDSS is a comprehensive and seamlessly integrated platform designed to undergird decision-making, problem-solving, and research initiatives within the aerospace industry.	1
The authors take international multidisciplinary journals as an example, combining 14 traditional citation indicators of academic journals and introducing 14 altmetric indicators to build a comprehensive evaluation model of the impact of academic journals (academic impact and societal impact).	2
For Nano-Info the dominant type of convergence was sharing tools and techniques.	4
Results show that all four of these techniques are effective, they inflate JIF scores and the h-index, and a significant part of that effect is due to inflated self-citations.	4
We also conducted semi-structured interviews with 20 postgraduate students to gather their perspectives on publishing practices.	1
This paper aims to enhance empirical understanding of similarity indexes within the context of co-authorship networks, which are widely used and highly relevant in scientometrics.	1
Furthermore, many of the researchers felt that they were confident working in multidisciplinary research.	4
PCA ordination was used to visualize grouping tendencies and data separation.	3
Finally, we present a case study to explain our deployed method for datasets of PLoS ONE full-text publications in the field of Computer and Information Sciences.	2
Specifically, each scholarly citation is considered multidimensional rather than logically unidimensional (i.e., present or absent).	1
The retraction process is inconsistent and often ambiguous, with more than half of retracted Covid-19 research articles remaining available, unmarked, from a wide range of online sources.	5
a%Same is the percent of cases where both the bibliometric and the ABDC grades agree.	0
Thus, the objective of this study was to present and analyze the 100 most cited articles in interventional cardiology and look at effect of study funding and conflict of interest on citations.	1
Median h-indices equaled 14 for full professors (Interquartile range [IQR] =11); 7 for associate professors (IQR =7) and 6.5 for assistant professors (IQR = 8).	4
Across the four analysed contexts, we found that the overall pattern was that intellectual aspirations and norms of the field drove organizational career-related selection events.	4
Standard RPYS can be used to identify the seminal historical works of a research field, whereas Multi-RPYS allows users to visualize the contribution of cited references over the publication history of the citing articles.	3
the overall aim of this study was to: estimate the overall size of predatory publishing; examine how it has grown in the last few years; and measure key characteristics of this market.	1
Once each of the 1,203 articles found was downloaded, they were uploaded into the SciMAT bibliometric software program (https://sci2s.ugr.es/scimat/).	3
Relevant literature was obtained from the Scopus database for the period from 2001–2020.	2
Social media metrics appear to be a useful alternative metrics to accurately reflecting the impact of OA articles within the scientific community.	5
Institutional collaboration within the Colombian scientific elite displayed the highest betweenness (brokerage) role of world/local top-tier universities.	4
During this period, the number of unique profiles grew 164.9 %, going from the 26,682 profiles in December 2011 to the 187,301 profiles in December 2012.	4
We increased our article downloads by 31% over 2018, and we are on target to further increase this figure by the end of 2019.	4
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at University Library Utrecht on June 5, 2016	0
To prevent recording false-positive cases of institutional mobility (when researchers moved across different sub-units / departments from the same institution) we used the SciVal institution IDs / names.	3
In this paper, we present an extension of a co-citation-based technique to identify the most relevant documents to co-cited document(s).	1
The study was approved by the University of Sydney's Human Research Ethics Committee.	0
To reiterate, this study does not attempt to resolve the question of the existence of prestige bias in this field.	1
Finally, the WCI and the USCI of each university can be combined to get a mixed indicator (MCI) which allows us to rank the Andalusian public universities: MCI = λWCI + (1 ?	3
Thomson Data Analyzer (TDA), Microsoft Excel and Bibexcel were employed for routine bibliometric study.	3
Data were collected on 21 September 2020 from various categories of All Science Journal Classification (ASJC), such as arts and humanities (1200 articles), business, management, and accounting (1400 articles), economics, econometrics, and finance (2000 articles), engineering (2200 articles), and mathematics (2600 articles), as shown in Table 1.	2
The two applied methods proved robust and representative.	5
The following bibliometric parameters were extracted for further analysis: (a) access types, most prevalent (b) document types, (c) publishers and journals, (d) research areas, (e) countries and publication languages, and the (f) most and highly cited documents.	3
e) Does a high tweet count with positive sentiments about a research article lead to a high citation count for that article in the future?	1
This study used only co-occurrence of keyword analysis for co-word analysis.	3
By integrating data from the Web of Science (to measure the nature of influence) with essays written by authors of Citation Classics (to measure novelty type), and by joining computational text analysis with statistical analyses, we demonstrate clear and robust patterns between type of novelty and the nature of scientific influence.	2
Specifically, we estimated models of the form Downloads, = 0Month, + yt + ?Ungated, + u,,.	3
We hypothesized that trainees would receive less solicitations than those of faculty, proportional to their ac- ademic productivity.	1
Received February 17, 2009; Accepted May 19, 2009; Published June 18, 2009	0
Susann deVries is Instructor, Robert Kelly is Assistant Professor and Pamela M.	0
Competing Interests The authors have no conflicts of interest to report.	0
The mean impact factor (IF) of all the publications in a year was calculated for comparative analysis.	3
Data analysis shows that the percentage of Iranian publications in the eight topical groups in LitCovid is as follows: prevention (39.57%), treatment (18.99%), diagnosis (18.99%), forecasting (7.83%), case report (6.52%), mechanism (3.91%), transmission (3.62%), and general (0.58%).	4
Authorities on citation of scientific papers have created the "i10-index", the "H-index", and the "G-index".	3
In total, 2643 authors contributed to 368 research articles (average 7.2 authors per article).	4
The findings show that many authors believed that it was clear that the experience of the pandemic had illustrated or strengthened the case for open science, with language such as a "stress test", "catalyst", "revolution" or "tipping point" frequently used.	4
*For clarity, STRESS I and RSQ values for three-dimensional solutions are not shown.	0
Our survey showed that the distribution of pain research articles is skewed towards the “big two” nations of Nigeria and South Africa.	4
The main variable of the study was publication in scientific journals.	3
At the time of data collection, the most up-to-date title lists reported 116 nursing journals available in Web of Science and 693 available in Scopus.	4
In order to provide some structure to the discussion we constructed a classification or taxonomy of the peer-review variations, related to aspects of the peer-review process and its management (Table 1).	3
When examining the role of author characteristics, there was a significant association between the numbers of authors from specific disciplines and the likelihood of articles including two-way linkages (x2 = 38.96, df = 4, p < 0.001) as well as a significant difference between the sampled chi-squares and the chi-square of the observed data (p < 0.001).	4
Specifically, (i) dissent and support are identified in citing and in co-cited publications; (ii) the concept terms of retracted publications are expanded by word embeddings and MeSH terms and traced in citation contexts; and finally (iii) rhetorical functions in citation contexts are identified based on keyword extraction.	3
We performed our analysis using data drawn from Microsoft Academic Graph3 (MAG), which is a pan-publisher, multidisciplinary scholarly dataset produced, maintained, and delivered by Microsoft Research [2].	2
Finally, from Derwent Innovation ("Derwent Innovation, " n.d.), we searched for and downloaded matching collections of patent records: Graphene Technology (G-T), Nanotube Technology (NT-T), 2D Materials Technology (2DM-T), Transition Metal Dichalcogenides Technology (TMD-T), Transparent Metal Oxides Technology (TMO-T) collections (which represent the technological outputs), also shown in Table 1.	2
None of the coefficients related to control variables, including Home network and Corporate Network, appeared to be statistically significant (p>0.05), but the path coefficients related to dynamic academic networking is significant at conservative level (p<0.05), similarly, the path related to English language skills (p<0.05), thus providing support for hypotheses 1 and 2.	4
The aim of this study was to summarize Australian and New Zealand orthopaedic literature produced during the past decade to identify firstly, the top 50 most cited publications, secondly, the characteristics of author and institution networks between Australia and New Zealand, and thirdly, topic trends.	1
The full list of questions, including sections on background, feasibility, and implications for success for each, can be found in the Supplementary Data.	0
To determine the future direction of JPIAMR countries a clear picture of the funding landscape across Europe and Canada is needed.	5
In past decades, the scientific literature about (paleo)glaciers in Patagonia have grown diverse in both topics and scopes, reaching from a highly specialized research groups to a wider scholar community, contributing to better understand the cryospheric response to present and former climate changes.	5
For the MeSH-based assessment of the normalization approaches, in which the measure DE (deviation from expectation) was used, only DCC L1 could compete with the item-oriented approach.	4
From the list of journal titles on this publisher’s website, which numbered over 1,000, we created a list of 459 journals with health and biomedical sciences titles.	2
Each PDF file was converted into the PGM (portable graymap) format, and then piped to OCR (optical character recognition) software.	3
This paper relies on three independent but related data sets that were collected with the purpose of helping us characterize the state of economic research in Portugal for the last 20 years.	2
The correlation of the two ranking lists are very high in all UDAs: Spearman ρ is never below 0.97.	4
Therefore, the scientific impact and social popularity in Mendeley measures in our article-level metric capture correlated but different paper properties, and the graphical representation of two-dimensional metric supplies more comprehensive and intuitive way for filtering research papers in contrast to existing article-level metrics.	5
This manuscript documents the research productivity over a 10-year period (2007– 2016) of marketing faculty at 30 leading marketing departments.	1
231) notes: “although the evaluation of research is important when it comes to making investment decisions in research and ensuring the effectiveness of the national innovation system, note that research is, by its very nature, dealing with what we do not know."	0
The findings of this study provided researchers with a panorama of global aquatic ecosystem research and established directions for further study.	5
Our analysis also reveals that Western cities cite each other far more frequently than expected by chance, East-East collaborations are far more common than East-West or West-West collaborations, and migration of Al scientists mostly takes place from one Eastern city to another.	4
A noteworthy discovery in this section is that our hypothesis is not applicable to the field of Particles & Fields in physics.	4
We aimed to evaluate the policy of co-first authorship, co-senior authorship, and designation of a corresponding author in 26 radiology journals with the highest impact factors.	1
We utilized the Journal of Citation Reports (JCR).	2
As is obvious from the table, the rankings for citation measures can be seen to differ significantly from those for publication measures.	0
However, it is difficult to accurately track the publications of research groups over time without significant effort.	1
We define below some of the terms used by the journal:	0
The Web of Science historical search showed that carbon-based nanomaterials have accumulated 65,307 publications from 2001 to 2010, in which 62,460 publications were identified in the dataset recovered for nanotechnology, as can be seen in Figure 4a.	4
Our dataset of researchers affiliated with Fraunhofer, Europe's largest public research organisation for applied research, combines data on social media and publication activities.	2
The general medicine journals included in this study were The Lancet (IF of 202.73), New England Journal of Medicine (IF of 176.08), Journal of the American Medical Association (IF of 157.38), British Medical Journal (IF of 96.22), and Annals of Internal Medicine (IF of 51.60).	2
The second claim (business) relates to a difference in the relationship between academic research and corporate innovation.	4
In the end, the EUMIDA perimeter includes 91% of the students at the tertiary level in educational statistics (source: EUROSTAT), displaying that the EUMIDA perimeter is not much smaller than the whole tertiary education.	2
The highest survival rate is observed in History.	4
Mainly, Hungarian academic libraries have a strong culture of open access support to facilitate knowledge transfer.	4
Moreover, publishing articles in press relate stronger to the impact factor of the journal than being OA.	5
Geyman, Department of Family Medicine RF-30, School of Medicine, University of Washington, Seattle, WA 98195.	0
Since the minimum publication subsidy amount for a journal is 500 TL., the minimum threshold number of authors is equal to two.	0
The title word co-occurrence network can be conveniently visualized by selecting the title words of journal articles and using the VOSviewer software [27].	3
About one in five young Polish academics (18.1%) report being interested primarily in research, as opposed to merely 6.3% of academics in their 50s and 60s (research interests decline with age in almost all the countries studied, though, see Table 2).	4
One significant finding of our citation analyses is the power that disciplinary and related boundaries have on the dissemination of scholarly research.	5
Figure 2 shows that weighted rankings are more robust over a wide range of data alterations.	4
Also, in order to get an exploratory notion of the predictive capacity or capacity for the segmentation of a sample of the taxonomy developed in this work a segmentation tree was developed, having the grouping Specialized+importer / Interdisciplinary (Multidisciplinary+Exporter) grouping and as dependant variable and the rest of the indicators as independent variables (CHAID algorithm with crossvalidation, maximum tree depth 3 [by default in CHAID], minimum cases in parent node 4, minimum cases in child node 2).	3
All of this study's target conference proceedings were published and indexed in the Scopus database.	2
However, the main messages emerging from the results are not altered in any way; more precisely, results of the Cohen' K test show that: (1) concordance among peer review and bibliometrics is always beyond chance, a minimum requirement according to Cohen; (2) concordance is generally considered as 'poor to fair' according to the literature; and (3) concordance among peer review and bibliometrics is generally higher than that among two reviewers.	5
The first of these two core concerns is assuring that a journal ranking metric (e.g., h-index) be “fair” when applied to different fields (e.g., Schubert & Braun, 1996; Haley, 2017).	1
The total number of publications, total number of citations, i-10 index, and H index were strongly correlated with the academic rank (rs: 0.63-0.66, p < 0.001).	4
At the start of the project (2015-2016), the majority of participants reported perceiving no or little cooperation with sub-projects other than the coordinating or evaluating project, as illustrated by the following quote: “[...]but we actually do not notice anything [regarding any of] the other projects” (Participant, team 1; 2015).	4
The largest estimated star-help effects are found for authors in lower quartiles of the field-specific productivity distribution measured in the year before the help is acknowledged.	4
The PageRank algorithm was devised in the 1970s by Pinski and Narin (1976) and then popularised in the 1990s to rank web pages according to their 'popularity': it was in fact recast as a search-engine ranking algorithm that would prioritise pages with either many incoming web-links or with a few incoming links from highly-ranked pages.	3
We found that the number of citations significantly decreased after retraction (p < 0.001).	4
We find that the alignment between publications and DALYs in India is much lower than in high-income countries (HICs) and considerably lower than in countries such as China or Brazil.	4
Spatiotemporal variations of IUSS-ECE were assessed using national-scale GDP, population, and electric power consumption (EPC) data.	2
This paper explores the mobility of the highly educated young Greek scholars.	1
In biotechnology companies, the agent to which epistemic and commercial success and failure is attributed is primarily the company—not any single individual, even the founder or CEO.	4
Research question 2 Is the positive relationship between the researcher performance and international co-authorship rate of international papers from that of Abramo et al.	1
Future studies will explore empirical criterion, for evaluating time period settings.	0
To locate the intellectual base of GMF research, the co-citation analysis (Chen 2006) was performed (Fig.	3
This research has been supported by Grant GN-299 (continued as GN-527) from the National Science Foundation.	0
Bibliometric analysis is the quantitative study of bibliographic material.	3
Publicly available data were examined from October 2019 to February 2020.	2
Archival data were also collected from university websites, publications, and official university documents, strategic plans and implementing documents and presentations to the governing board.	2
Design: Retrospective review of the bibliometric performance of Clinical Otolaryngology over a six year period.	3
Each journal article in this data set has an average of five author keywords.	0
Starting from seven target physics fields and their initial keywords selected by experts from the Korean Physical Society, we generate keyword co-occurrence networks to capture better topological structure with our proposed approach.	3
The first phase consisted of three in-person brainstorming meetings and a round of one-on-one interviews.	3
It was the website of Taiwan Agricultural Research Institutional Repositories occupied highest rank with 20.56 WISER value scored the top most position which also had third position with regards to number of WebPages and had fourth position in-links, and second position with regards to the number of rich content files.	4
The paper examines social processes of recognition in 145 appointment procedures for professorships in the discipline of history at sixteen German universities between 1950 and 1985.	1
This study aims to analyze the scientific production of the journal Brazilian Archives of Biology and Technology (BABT) from 2017 to 2020, in order to investigate whether the stratification assigned by the Coordination for the Improvement of Higher Education Personnel (CAPES) is consistent with the proposed method for classifying journals on Qualis 2017-2020.	1
Editor's note: Due to an error in the production offices of the	0
Therefore, the aim of this study was to provide a detailed evaluation of the T2DM research output from 1951–2012 using a specifically developed software to quantitatively analyse data from the Web of Science, Science Citation Index Expanded (WOS SCI-Expanded) database in terms of (1) numbers of published items and citations (2) country specific publications (3) international collaboration and (4) publications by journals and subject areas.	1
This database is based on official statistics produced by National Statistical Authorities in all 27 EU countries (with the exception of France and Denmark) plus Norway and Switzerland.	2
For each article, we recovered the authors' names and the full list of contributions.	2
Despite the rarity of compromised peer review, the discourse on peer review fakery has indelibly altered scholarly publishing—especially how manuscripts are processed behind the scenes.	5
In this study we investigate the impact of the academic discipline on research productivity and quality among faculty members in the School of Arts and Sciences at the Lebanese American University, and explore potential factors that could affect their research productivity.	1
Arithmetic mean of citations of top 10, 20 and 30 authors of BL, MIP and MINCC methods	0
Out of the 148 graduated residents, 110 (74%) published articles (thesis-related article with no publication deadline and non-thesis-related articles with a publication deadline of up to 1 year postgraduation): 76 residents (51%) published their medical thesis and 88 residents (60%) published at least one non-thesis-related article.	4
Second, we showed that both formal and informal institutional drivers, mediated through incentive structures for researchers, dominate research agendas: pharmaceutical industry priorities, publishing and public research funding pressures, and the mandates of science-based policy or public health organizations.	4
SIGAPS classifies the journals into categories A, B, C, D, E, NC (non-classified) based on the IF of journals within the same discipline and by calculating the IF percentiles within each Web of Sciences category.	3
The professors regard the most serious difficulty to be assessment procedures that are too unilaterally quantitative (77% agreed).	4
The central themes of the clusters were identified by determining how these sources were cited in the sample articles and then finding common themes that unify the nodes.	3
Another important finding is that the citation weighted indicator is significantly different and greatly changes the pattern of the rankings.	4
The USA is the most productive country based on the number of published works, the country with the most citations and has the highest h-index.	5
The dataset was retrieved from the Core Collection of the Web of Science database from 1900 to 2020.	2
Note that these keywords are translated from Chinese into English according to the Chinese “Great Dictionary of Library and Information Science” (2014).	0
Rychnovská describes the risk of too much distance to the community of practice and the related accusation of co-option by the ‘enemy’.	4
Findings and critical analysis highlight how tropical marine science provides a prominent global example of how North American, European and Australian science programs predominantly shape knowledge production of the global science system, generating critical reflection on the path dependencies these create on current and likely future knowledge production and science agendas.	5
In this study, we use Pajek because it serves the purpose of illustrating the relative cited size of individual journals in local environments.	3
We sought to provide benchmark RCR data of academic dermatologists and examine how factors such as gender, degrees, and academic rank impact RCR scores.	1
For the examination of whether authors met ICMJE recommendations, “Contributions of authors” section was screened to determine whether authors met the first, second, and third ICMJE authorship criteria.	3
This study presents a general overview of the journal from 2008 until 2016 using bibliometric indicators to assess its performance.	1
Thus, this study aims to examine whether a relationship exists between the presence of a highly-cited paper in a journal issue and the citation rate of other papers included in that same issue.	1
In the 1930s, Physical Review was establishing a form of refereeing system under the assumption that this practice would eventually be accepted by all members of the American physics community.	5
Therefore, the data presented here, make it possible to have an overview of publications in open access journals in Brazil and a portrait of the group of individuals who have used this means of communication to disseminate the results of their research.	5
It is likely that, although the necessity of manpower to publish articles has been increasing for the past half-century (especially in the post-genomic era), less manpower is actually required to generate ETs while pre-participation in certain research topics has been more important to generate ETs, albeit ETs of lesser success.	5
Precisely, we examined the citations indexed by Scopus and WoS, focusing on those received from journals purportedly indexed by both databases, and we showed that the citations obtained from some publishers are more likely to be omitted than those from other ones, for several reasons.	3
This study used a Cloud app (minemytext.com) to elucidate and visualize topics in the extensive collection of unstructured text documents.	3
We use SentiWordNet, an unsupervised sentiment analysis method, to obtain sentiment scores of sentences.	3
The findings of all models evidence the importance of collaborations for the academic performance.	5
On this background, the study at hand raises three questions contributing to our understanding of the potentially gendered collateral effects related to the introduction of the BRI.	1
Information about all articles in each of the chosen categories published between 2009 and 2015 was downloaded from Scopus between April 15 and May 11, 2015, together with their Scopus citation counts.	2
Based on the comparison and analysis results, it can be concluded that the disciplines of humanities are more likely to cite books (basically over 70 % citations are from books), and the disciplines of social sciences are more likely to cite research papers (basically over 60 % are from research papers).	4
Liposomes and metallic nanostructures differ in their network structure, knowledge translation, and leadership by country and institution.	5
Here, we shall follow the advice of Santos Silva and Tenreyro (2006) who, based on an extensive set of Monte Carlo simulations, recommend using the Poisson pseudo-maximum likelihood (PPML) estimator, which implies an unweighted zero-correlation moment condition between the residuals and the covariates.	3
The structure of the rest of this article is as follows: section 2 includes previous research work, associated concepts and a literature review.	0
This falsification of the research record is accompanied by evidence of knowledge and intent.	4
Out of 491 copies of questionnaire that were distributed, 415 (84%) were returned, while 369 (75%) were found usable for the study.	4
This study has sought to clarify and quantify, by bibliometric means, notable characteristics of botanical documents: that they may remain useful for a long time after publication; and that monographs are more important to botanists than they are to scientists in other disciplines.	1
All the publications from Scopus, which contain any spelling of “Chornobyl” (chornobyl OR chornobyl' OR chernobyl OR chernobyl') in their titles, abstracts or keywords were chosen for analysis: more than 9500 records in total.	2
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).	0
Most respondents expressed a positive attitude towards the general concept of research impact and pointed to challenges that prevented them from achieving the impact that they wished to achieve.	4
The data used in this study are drawn from the following five transportation journals: Transportation (TR), Transportation Research Part A (PA), Transportation Research Part B (PB), Transportation Science (TS) and Journal of Transport Economics and Policy (JT).	2
2009a) in order to measure the impact of authors’ knowledge on the world in citation networks.	0
We propose a citing-structure perspective for observing the unfolding of breakthrough research from variations in knowledge structure.	1
The findings show similar problems to other regions of the world, and some problems discovered in this study demonstrate unique problems encountered within a small research community.	5
The effect estimate in the SEM model is expressed as a standardized regression coefficient beta.	4
We also include the European Research Council (ERC), which is one major strand of the European Union's overall science funding (currently Horizon 2020).	2
Finally, by applying a cluster analysis by fractional accounting, this research identifies trends and proposes future topics and research lines, such as: trust, innovation, performance, relationship marketing, the future role of new technologies in industrial marketing research, online marketing and corporate image.	3
The goal of the qualitative analysis is to establish whether user's characteristics (i.e., their infrastructure) or the collection are influential factors on channel use.	1
PubMed queries are used to search Medline and we used advanced PubMed queries to retrieve the HMR publications using MeSH (Medical Subject Headings) and text words/phrases.	3
The US published 604 articles (41%), followed by China (n = 163, 11%), and Germany (n = 158, 11%).	4
In January 2013, the university information technology (IT) division began implementing Symplectic Elements.	3
Publication trends from 1993 to 2016, core journals, prolific authors, and article citation frequencies were examined to provide librarians and scholars with a basic reference of relevant resources.	1
Since 1988, the NIH has funded 83 independent pediatric surgeon-investigators, representing 13% of current APSA members.	4
In this article we analyse the data from a survey about researchers' use of 107 online actions that underlie potential altmetrics to discover whether certain types of altmetrics (1) better reflect the judgments of researchers from certain career stages and (2) more reliably capture positive judgments than others.	1
Central to self-organizing systems such as market economies is the preservation of autonomy and easy diffusion of information, suggesting that enforcing these elements in science may enhance multinational teams.	5
Through a historical examination of the collaborative phenomenon, this study contributes new insights with topical relevance by making apparent the extent to which collaborative enterprises are value-laden activities and have developed on ideological grounds that debate principles of collectivism versus individualism, and the autonomy of science versus the legitimacy of lay participation.	5
Unfortunately, no one has yet done an accurate census of the scientific literature.	0
Eight sub-disciplines were considered: (1) Management; (2) Human Resources Management; (3) Finance; (4) Marketing; (5) Information Management; (6) Accounting; (7) Operational Research; and (8) Economics.	2
For this study, we focus on articles published in a 10-year period (2005–2015) in three major general science journals Nature (9261 articles classified into individual fields), Science (8844 articles), and PNAS (39,169 articles) (Table 1).	2
Stroop provided a methodology that proved to be effective and easy to use in later studies in (different) areas of psychology.	5
The co-authorship analysis for the countries indicated that the United States has the most impact and research, and all other countries have established clusters around it.	4
Part B — (indicative length: 20 pages); this part is the body of the proposal and describes the KIC, what it wants to accomplish, its strategy,	0
A primary objective of the PBRF was to improve the average quality of research in the nation's higher education sector, and this was to be achieved, in large part, through financial incentives.	1
Key barriers to collaboration that scientists identified included lack of funding for international work, restrictions on material and data sharing, and differences in academic standards.	4
Citation analysis was performed based on Scopus database.	3
With the inclusion of conference proceeding publications (CPCI-S and CPCI–SSH) in the Thomson-Reuters Web of Science citation index (WoS), and by application of the WoS Analytic Tools, it is possible to extract and observe how conference proceedings papers actually perform during a shorter time period compared to journal articles in selected research fields in a controlled manner.	2
In our analysis, we can see that researchers know that they are using pirate access, even when they have access to a virtual library, but they do not mind.	5
Figure 5 shows that more than 36% of those who only have a profile on the institutional websites do not offer any kind of information on these domains.	4
Extending the analysis to European data, we confirm that, other things being equal, the probability of exclusion of a scientific author from a publication-related patent declines with senior- ity and increases for women.	4
A total of 5279 documents were obtained, including 2,237 patents and deduplicated 3,042 published applications.	2
Compared to neighboring reference years, this high value reveals 1980 as an important peak year in the intellectual history of documents published in PoS.	4
The Central Intelligence Agency was used to gather the populations of different countries.	3
The indicator is based on the Gini index for a weighted Lorenz curve.	5
Results show that the classification of papers has less influence on rankings at the institutional level than at the individual level.	4
More practically, this study helps to remind business managers and policy makers that the DTI is not a panacea for reducing carbon emissions, but may also bring carbon rebound effects.	5
However, big-name scholars whose h-indexes rank among the top 1% exhibit a unique pattern of citation behaviors—their citation decision-making correlates most closely with citation inertia, with the correlation nearly three times as strong as that of their ordinary counterparts.	4
Between 1999 and 2022, SCImago reported a total of 181 journals in the environmental engineering category.	4
In all cases of disagreement, the third reviewer agreed with 1 of the 2 initial reviewers.	0
Despite a formal request to IVCDB—Plant to retract the duplicate paper, an erratum for the Chand and Singh (2004b) paper was instead published on April 8, 2015.	4
How do sales-related studies relate to research into bank marketing as a whole?	1
Correlation and agreement between ratings was assessed using Spearman's correlation coefficient and a Bland–Altman plot, respectively.	3
As a continuation of the findings of Oravec et al.,3 this study seeks to explore the predictors of citation rates of nearly 3000 neurosurgical scientific publications in 13 journals 5 years after being published in print.	1
The data for this scientometric study were collected using Scopus (Elsevier, 2020), and strictly based on "articles," which Scopus defines as "original research or opinion," most commonly found in peer-reviewed journals (Elsevier, 2017, p.	2
A tobit regression model is used to examine the effect of ICCI on scientific impact, controlling for a range of variables associated with the characteristics of the publications studied.	3
The KLD is taken for the similarity between countries in the text of their scientific papers.	3
In order to produce ranked lists of most productive institutions and most productive authors in each dataset, the number of papers per institution or author was compiled in each of the 66 level-2 disciplines.	3
Conflict of interest The authors declare they have no other conflicts of interest.	0
In summary, Sport Sciences scientific production could be divided in three different phases.	5
(1) Hierarchical clustering confirms an alignment between traditional disciplinary classification and our empirical, bottom-up topic model.	4
The Kruskal-Wallis ranks test was used to determine differences between the three groups of papers.	3
In this paper we explore and discuss these issues making use of the contents of some selected journals in the field of Library and Information Science (in short: LIS journals).	1
In this appendix we report regression results using alternative model specifications: (1) random effects least squares models using In(Cite + 1) as the dependent variable, and (2) conditional (fixed effects) logistic models using a dummy variable indicating whether cited or not as the dependent variable.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Scopus was chosen over Web of Science (WoS) due to its broader journal coverage and researcher participation from developing countries, particularly Colombia [40, 69–71].	2
The data used in this paper was retrieved from the Web of Science, which gives access to multiple databases that reference cross-disciplinary research for in-depth exploration of specialized sub-fields.	2
Contrary to existing literature, this study found indications of a bias toward female candidates, which we interpret as a result of deliberate correction caused by awareness of existing biases in academia.	4
However, substantive percentages of studies added authors, funders, and COI disclosures in their peer-reviewed versions.	5
From the Scopus database we extract publications indexed in ‘Economics' during the period 2007–2016.	2
Manuscript peer reviews for AJR are evaluated and rated by the journal editors on a scale from 1 (lowest) to 4 (highest).	2
The purpose of this study is to empirically investigate the presence of order-effect bias in journal ranking surveys.	1
We first employed principal component analysis (PCA) with varimax rotation separately to determine the possible number of factors and to evaluate limitations.	3
Time trends in the annual number of publications over the 2004-2014 period were analysed by multiple regression.	3
In reading the results, recall that a lower value of the exponent c indicates a higher level of authorship concentration.	0
To compare the scientometric aspects of the studies on SARS, MERS and Covid-19, three separate datasets of publications on these three topics were retrieved from Scopus through three separate search strategies.	2
Aligning our approach to the practice of program evaluation (Newcomer et al.	3
Articles in the field of knowledge organization indexed in the Web of Science database from 1979 to 2022, are analyzed in this research.	2
The Publication Pressure Questionnaire (PPQ) was designed to assess psychological pressure to publish scientific papers.	2
After filtered by the field “categories = Management or Economics or Business”, yielded 749 results.	2
The pattern of emergence exhibited by research on DSSC is quite different from that of graphene, regardless of whether one considers results from the simple query or the complex query.	4
Code availability The code used for this project is available at https://github.com/SamTseng/CATAR.	0
A central conclusion of this research is that bibliometric assessments have implications for academia.	5
Two of these corresponded to the category of LIS in the 2013 version of the SSCI (Social Sciences Citation Index).	2
In this study, the authors examine attitudes of researchers toward open access (OA) scholarly journals.	1
Number of Publications citing Cohen and Levinthal (1990) during the period 1992–2005 (source: Web of Science).	0
The time range of data collected in this paper is set to recent 20 years between 1998 and 2017.	2
An independent-sample t-test was applied to assess statistically significant differences based on the OA journals and non-OA journals regarding the readiness of the respondents for OA.	3
Here, we address this question by applying the theory of honest signaling to the publication process.	1
A total of 3 056 documents were searched out as COVID-19 related publications by the Latin Americans after its outbreak for a year.	2
One journal may be categorized in more than one subject area.	0
Data were provided with the following fields: Internal identifying code, Article title, Authors, Start page, End page, DOI (if available i.e.	2
Findings reveal that the rate of publication growth (1600%) is very significant to a synergic response of the researchers to combat with the most extended sequence of an RNA virus.	4
Articles on molecular genetics in PG have received interest among the ophthalmology community.	5
Only 11 academics feature in all three rankings, whereas 24 academics feature in two of the three rankings.	4
The main challenges addressed in our dual-teaching methodology were: (1) to ensure the safety of those students who preferred to attend in-person; (2) to offer high-quality teaching for those who preferred (or needed) to attend online; (3) to give equal opportunities to all students (either attending in-person or online) in the evaluation.	1
Data are presented as median (interquartile range (IQR)) unless otherwise specified.	0
After eliminating stop words, we transformed each patent and publication into a vector of words and calculated, for each possible PPP, a cosine index of similarity.	3
Review articles tend to have higher citation rates than original articles, and hence, the editors and authors of Human & Experimental Toxicology might usefully promote the submission of reviews in the future to improve the impact of the journal.	5
In order to analyze the Turing Award, we propose to study the collaboration network related to the Turing Award laureates.	1
We then propose a resampling correction method that removes the bias.	5
The broad spectrum Vibrio vaccines that could cater for outbreak caused by common and emerging strains is inevitable and a significant thrust for future research.	5
After presenting and analyzing the data gotten from the SJR, we can evidence that Brazil is the only country in Latin America that is pictured among the most productive ones in the Dentistry area.	5
We contacted all the editorial members of the following journals: Trends in Ecology and Evolution, Ecology Letters, Ecology, Oikos, The American Naturalist, Ecology and Evolution and Ecography.	2
Open Access (OA) journals covered by Scopus are catalogued as OA if listed in the DOAJ or the Directory of Open Access Scholarly Resources (ROAD).	2
The analysis gave a Lotka law slope of –3.27.	5
The period was set from 1985 to 2021, and the time slice was set to 1 year.	3
Our study identifies intellectual milestones in Sentinel Lymph Node Imaging (SLNI) research, reflecting on the characteristics and quality of the most highly cited literature, and provides a list of the most influential references related to SLNI.	1
This article discusses a statistical modelling approach for inferring attributes of 'frontier research' in peer-reviewed research proposals submitted to the European Research Council (ERC).	1
The results of the principal component analysis were compared with the hierarchical clustering using Ward's method.	3
This paper shows that collaboration of Brazillian researchers with foreign partners brings benefits for both sides, with Brazilian authors having access to financing from international agencies.	5
In this paper, based on previous simulation studies (Cugmas & ?iberna, 2023), five SBMs were selected: (1) the generalised multipartite blockmodeling (MBM, Bar-Hen et al., 2022), which produced the results presented in the main analysis; (2) the SBM for linked networks proposed by ?kulj and ?iberna (2022); (3) Chabert-Liddell et al.	3
To detect research emphases and trends in the field among professionals concerned with the interface of L&P and related disciplines, the present paper first conducted a quantitative study of the highly cited articles and summarized research emphases and trends on L&P articles from the WOS during the period 1993 to 2012.	1
Finally, we observe that the publication-based CSRankings and many of its ablations are highly correlated with the peer-assessed U.S.	5
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/372205046	0
The results demonstrate the presence of both global impact and a home country effect.	5
The contents of the second and third levels are readily understood from the first and fourth level contents.	0
We study in this paper six large-scale datasets, including the disciplines of physics, chemistry, biology, computer science, social science, and multidisciplinary science.	2
Generally, the interviewees experienced mainstream funding to be characterized by conservatism, control, and path dependency, whereas VE facilitates creativity, flexibility, and scientific joy.	4
We consider the influence of Ball and Brown (1968) using citation and visualisation techniques.	1
The purpose of this paper is to report the findings of a study of publishing behaviour among a group of Arab scholars in social science and humanities disciplines.	1
LLMs of various types and scales are employed to conduct originality evaluation, including GPT-4, GPT-3.5, Mixtral, and Llama 2.	3
In particular, this study examines the following research questions: 1.	1
The state-of-the-art content-based approach achieved an NDCG score of 0.86 while the traditional co-citation-based approach scored 0.72.	4
Personal innovativeness is measured according to Agarwal and Prasad (1998).	3
The present paper is a retrospective (2013–2017) scientometric analysis of articles published in the Social Science Citation Index (WoS) Communication studies category journals recorded on Altmetrics.com.	2
At the inter-applicant cooperation level, kinship-based cooperation is the strongest, business-based cooperation has the widest scope, while proximity-based cooperation exists throughout these two main models of cooperation.	4
So if 10 years of data are available for a mathematician, then that mathematician will account for 10 observations in the sample.	0
An analogue to this position would be that of a photographer who chooses her angle and lightning with an ambition of interfering as little as possible with the object photographed.	0
Responding to RQ1, first, we used ‘co-occurrence' function of VOSviewer which helps generate clusters of frequently occurring keywords based on their association strength.	3
(1) How do invitations to publish in journals outside one's primary area of expertise shape academic experiences and perceptions of academic publishing?	1
Using UCINET and NetDraw, graphic representations and centrality measures were produced.	3
of authors, Institutional affiliation, Type of institution, Geographic origin.	3
The qualitative data generated from the interviews was coded and grouped into categories.	3
Variability also extends to scientometric measurements, influenced by the choice of data source (e.g.	4
Our results demonstrate that triangulation of JJCR, SAK, and TWRC produces a more comprehensive picture than each method applied individually.	4
Despite providing valuable insights, this study has limitations, including the relatively limited number of surveyed hospitals and schools.	5
The resulting level/reliability of agreement among all experts was 0.27 (Table 4).	4
Table 1 presents some basic information about journals over the four years evaluated.	0
All data sets have been carefully screened with respect to homonyms in order to establish the integrity of the raw data.	2
This article explores the potential and challenges of Diamond OA journals, using Germany as a case study.	1
Such analyses should include proceedings papers—because this document type does have significant (negative or positive) influence on the overall citation impact of a research field, in particular in proceedings-dominant fields.	5
By taking as default the research preferences, approaches and career paths of a succesful group of predominantly male scholars, evaluators using bibliometrics risk disadvantaging candidates diverging from the norm with implications for gender stratification.	4
The Editors of American Journal of Sociology (AJS), American Sociological Review (ASR), and Social Forces (SF), 1970 to 1989a	0
This search engine project has four goals: (1) to provide a single entry point to multiple data sources (in fact, from a single entry point, the user will be able to explore an ESC-rich database of slides, scientific reports, guidelines, abstracts, clinical cases, news and articles from ESC journals); (2) to propose a tool that can treat requests expressed in natural language in a very user-friendly way; (3) to locate content that would be difficult to find or access otherwise, therefore saving precious time; (4) to allow visitors to find content by topic or person in an intuitive way.	3
For example, there is a total of 11 references in this article; of these, three are this author's own works.	0
Research shows that exclusively publishing English papers prioritizes and centers Western, white, male perspectives, reinforcing the imperialist practices of the academy.	4
Spearman correlation tests instead of Pearson correlation tests were used because the search volume rankings were ordinal data.	3
A point we thank one of our anonymous reviewers for highlighting.	0
A similarity can also be observed, in terms of bibliometric indicators, between the more mobile researchers of an academic age group and the less mobile of the next: e.g., the number of publications of 6-country authors with academic age in (12, 25] is very close to the number of publications of 5-country authors with academic age > 25.	0
Accordingly, the objective of this paper was to elaborate an outlook of the field of innovation in BMA in LATAM based on a sample of + 1300 documents indexed in Scopus from 1983 to 2018.	1
Disaggregating the BI criterion in communicating NSF-funded research might engage nonscientist stakeholders more effectively without sacrificing IM.	5
Conflicts of Interest: We have read and understood Current Oncology’s policy on disclosing conflicts of interest and declare that we have none.	0
In this study, we provide insight into factors affecting citations of papers published explicitly in the field of tribology.	1
A total of 1695 papers were identified and were cited 34,078 times with a time limit of May 27, 2016.	2
For each reference period, we collected publications generated over the preceding 6 years to replicate the assessment periods of the PBRF rounds of 2006 and 2012 (2000-5 and 2006–11, respectively).	2
They are awarded in the fields of Science, Social Sciences, Literature, and Arts.	0
The findings of the study reveal the research trends and hot topics for future research fronts.	4
Purpose: (1) To test basic assumptions underlying frequency-weighted citation analysis: (a) Uni-citations correspond to citations that are nonessential to the citing papers; (b) The influence of a cited paper on the citing paper increases with the frequency with which it is cited in the citing paper.	1
In the present study it appears that departments that are science oriented have higher JCSm/FCSm scores than departments that are social sciences oriented.	4
The last author acknowledges the EC funded ViBRANT project (Grant RI-261532).	0
An experiment was performed on a dataset of 6000 science journals of different database indexing agencies.	2
The study reveals that female manuscripts receive fewer citations than male-authored works.	5
The second criterion requires that the average number of citations an article receives in period II surpasses a threshold which increases with time rather than being fixed at cw > 5 (or Cw > 20) as in van Raan's criteria.	3
Please note that the test set was untouched, i.e., left imbalanced.	0
The outcome was that the quality of UK research in B&M continues to improve since REF2014.	4
With regard to the evolution of number of countries per international publication and per highly cited international publication, a vast majority of the distributions are positively skewed, with a large share of publications with two countries.	4
Likewise, the reputation of the university seems to influence the better adoption of Open Access policies in universities.	5
The promotion of ORCID in Germany was based on six central areas: information, consortium, standardization, implementation, monitoring, and networking.	3
To demonstrate this approach, data on the h-index and age-weighted citation rate (AWCR) index were gathered for a sample of n = 50 top economics journals using Harzing's Publish or Perish software (Harzing, 2007); data are available from the author by request.	2
The coefficient of determination (R2 = .33) reveals that the multiple regression model explains 33% of the variance of Production.	4
There is no overlap between the two studies because they focus on different things and analyse more than just the classification of topics.	0
Our model is based on the Bayesian model provided by Newman, which is designed to infer network structures [22].	3
More than half of retracted publications have had authorship issues and plagiarism that requires more attention to research ethics authorities.	5
TABLE 1 Comparison of the overall results (n = 561) with the results obtained by analysing only the journals included in the cluster analysis (n = 327).	0
Citation: Lefebvre M, Renard J (2016) The Circulation of Scientific Articles in the Sphere of Web-Based Media: Citation Practices, Communities of Interests and Local Ties.	0
In all journals with the exception of Econometrica, the estimated effects of EDITOR are both significant and positive, thereby indicating that the publications of a given editor (or co-editor) are more likely to be cited by articles published within that editor's journal.	4
VQR has been officially started in July 2011 by a Ministerial Decree with reference to the period 2004-2010; it was coordinated by the ANVUR and involved a total of 96 universities and 38 research bodies.	2
More generally, we can consider a CES aggregate of the two metrics that allows institutions to consider the two to be substitutable of varying degrees:	3
The purpose of this paper is to propose an approach of quantitative assessment of academic value and demand of journals for a discipline.	1
The student journal Fields is responsible for a significant share of the overall Press journal downloads—an encouraging result for a pioneering student journal.	4
The regional dimension – references to knowledge generated within Latin America has a reduced presence: only 10.8%.	4
Even though our query on the Web of Science missed highly influential (so-called) grey literature, such as local scientific journals and technical reports, the reviewed scientific literature unambiguously indicates that Patagonia is a privileged location for (paleo)glaciers studies worldwide and that it will continue offering vast opportunities to tackle critical questions related to global cryosphere and past-to-present climate changes.	5
This study aims to examine the connection between scholars' research performance and the multidisciplinary nature of their collaborative research.	1
Figure 6: Number of Journals Remaining in the Top 15 10 Years Later	0
The objective of this study is to explore the evolution between 2010 and 2016 of OA contents in the Web of Science categories referring to Education, and to analyse in detail their volume, visibility and impact.	1
The results of this citation analysis indicate that the ORNL Research Library's collections provide our institution and researchers with a valuable resource for supporting their scholarly output.	5
Three indicators were utilized for measuring journal quality—IF, AIS, and NE—available from the Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Report (JCR).	3
We have provided the first ranking of MOT centers of excellence in 17 years, finding stability and change in the process.	5
To accomplish this, a dataset has been carefully extracted from Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science Core Collection, which was previously known as the Web of Science (WoS) platform.	2
Such diversity of cited serial sources has implications for collection management, where subscribed serials may be assigned to a single fund code or subject area, potentially compartmentalizing decision making.	5
The analysis for each faculty member of Economics Departments of Greek universities is based on data retrieved from Scopus in September 2009.	2
Therefore, The combination of the two methods for intellectual structure detection and analysis will be more effective, then more comprehensive and specific conclusions will be obtained.	5
In Table 3, the GBoosting classifier exhibits superior prediction performance, registering an F1 score of 83.38 with a variance of just 0.02.	4
He is currently exploring the use of multivariate statistical citation methodologies in characterizing the cognitive structure of scientific disciplines and in relating these structures to the attributes of scientists.	0
The study empirically examines and evaluates the feasibility of new RPE development by applying the h and h-type indices along with traditional metrics for the case of Malaysian Engineering Research at the meso level.	1
This paper studies the effects of several dissemination channels in an open access environment by analysing the download data of the OAPEN Library.	1
As a follow-up to a similar survey conducted in 2013, the article also outlines the differences in beliefs about and engagement with open access that have occurred between 2013 and 2018.	1
Pairwise correlations were done using Spearman's rank correlation coefficient for non-parametric variables and Pearson's correlation coefficient for linear variables.	3
To this aim we perform an ordinal regression analysis where we study how one or more independent variables (our metrics) influence to derive our dependent variable (i.e., the CORE rank).	3
The purpose of this work is a comparative bibliometric analysis of the development of domestic basic energy research in comparison with the leading countries of the world, as well as models of national and international collaboration (coauthorship) in this field of research.	1
As expected, the leadership position is held by the USA with an impressive number of papers, namely 402, which registered top values for both single country publications (324 papers) and multiple country publications (78 papers).	4
(MICs) will be used to refer to the combination of both groups where appropriate.	0
In both cases, the findings support Twitter as a useful tool for Word-of-Mouth Communication on the online environment, among product consumers, and between consumers and enterprises.	5
Table 2 summarizes the main characteristics of the selected rankings using a composite indicator.	2
We found that ASP and #Cit are not aligned for most articles, with a growing mismatch amongst the less cited articles.	4
Individual members' and the departmental h-index were calculated using citation data from the Scopus database.	2
Using Pierre Bourdieu's model of capital conversion, we explain how publishers transfer the symbolic capital of an already prestigious journal to derivative journals that share in the prestige of the original brand and transform it into new economic capital.	3
The citation-based performance and international collaboration patterns exhibit a power-law correlation with a scaling exponent of 1.22 ± 0.08.	4
The number of publications citing retracted articles was quantified using Google Scholar, Web of Science, and Scopus.	3
This study aimed to determine how productive interactions are developed during the execution of research projects.	1
The contribution base of the journal is primarily from the United States and Europe.	4
Findings include: (1) DPE overshadows previous measures by considering not only direct citations but also indirect citations between disciplines which was usually ignored in previous measures, and revealed that the knowledge contribution of some disciplines had been underestimated by previous measures, such as Physics and Engineering.	4
Taken together, recognizing one’s review work as publicly identifiable appears to foster more careful peer review, and such care can be promoted by reducing the reviewers’ anonymity, at least for men.	5
The promotion and tenure decision-making process is perhaps the most critical and most unpredictable part of the scholarly publishing process.	0
As shown in Table 5, 40 papers were about school education (primary, secondary, and high school), whereas 66 papers were about higher education.	4
Received: 29 March 2019; Accepted: 27 May 2019; Published: 4 June 2019	0
Recall It measures the extent to which the references provided by the free data source are complete, compared with the gold standard.	3
In what follows, we use organization theory to identify and understand the key organizational features of HEP laboratories as they have been developed to fulfill particular epistemic goals, especially considering how the goals and organization have affected each other.	3
The overall accuracy of our prediction is %79.08 (121 papers/153 papers).	4
This resulted in the discovery of 452 patents, which cited 2,652 scientific papers in total.	2
The main analysis then compares the characteristics of the works that cited (a) the 10 Beall's List accounting journals with the greatest number of citations per article and (b) 11 Scopus journals of comparable citation impact.	3
Table 3 shows Medicine is the most prevalent knowledge area in the sample, with almost half of the titles and 40% of the articles, reflecting a proportion similar to the general situation of journals and articles.	4
Four types of entity other than authors were found accountable for retractions in the 457 retraction notices examined in this study.	5
Articles of all dates were downloaded but only those published during the period 2008-2013 were used for analysis.	2
1 Flowchart detailing the internal review process for grant applications submitted by faculty members of the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Pittsburgh	0
Contributorship is discussed as an alternative, but is recognized to be insufficient both in communicating absolute and relative contributions, as standardly used.	5
The reference set comprised 343 preprints, 121 of which appeared as a publication in a peer-reviewed journal.	2
This analysis indicates that development economics research articles are highly country or region specific: around 90% of the articles published are focused on one or a group of developing countries or regions.	4
Hence, this necessitates further exploration and study of these indices for other fields and for finding certain metrics which can be used for fields across board.	5
Findings - The results show that there are low correlations between the subjective and objective based MIS journal rankings.	4
Then we also aim to assess whether this correlation varies across fields and is stronger for highly cited authors than for lowly cited ones.	1
The list also contains a number of organizations (e.g., Hardware) whose raison d'être is hard to assess.	0
According to our results, evaluated by domain experts, we conclude that the non-self-citation by inventor/applicant is quite noisy and cannot indicate science linkage and that self-citation by inventor/applicant, although limited, is more appropriate for understanding science linkage.	5
We construct a network from the 40 nodes belonging to the words extracted from the titles with the highest degree of co-occurrence according to the association strength index considered as the most appropriate metric for the normalization of co-occurrences frequencies [17,18].	3
The study used a cross-case synthesis technique (Yin 2009).	3
We used R to process the data and conducted multiple statistical analyses.	3
The aim of the conference, the Southampton Multi-disciplinary Research Forum (SMuRF), was to promote and facilitate the involvement of ECRs in multidisciplinary and interdisciplinary research activity at the University of Southampton.	1
The result is a list of the timing and titles of 200,476 publications by 2583 professors, which has previously been shown to be a representative sample [41, 42].	2
To identify the 50 top-cited spine articles from mainland China and to analyze their main characteristics.	1
I want to highlight relevant facts related to these two aspects that O&L do not mention in their paper.	0
As McDonough (1975) argues, it seems probable each criterion captures an element of journal quality, but none provides full information.	0
We extracted all available data from the publication reporting each study.	0
The findings of this empirical study suggest that self-citations do not have an influence on polarity uncertainty or citation density of the cited work.	5
Harzing’s PoP7 is free to download, and was used in our investigation of bibliometrics in gastroenterology because it calculates the g-index and hc-index, and provides listings of published papers to help with author disambiguation.	0
(2014b), where authors found a rise in average downloads of new “issued” articles as compared to early access articles.	5
The number of citations for the top 100 cited articles ranged from 181 to 954 (Table 1).	4
To test whether there is a significant difference in success rates of R01 awards, 2-sample proportion tests were used throughout the article without adjusting for the multiple testing.	3
We applied the 2020 version of the MeSH tree structure information to analyze the hierarchy of MeSH terms.	2
The relatively high degree of variation in h-index explained by academic rank supports its construct validity for the assessment of research productivity in general surgery compared with the other metrics: Publications, citations, and citation per paper.	5
Finally, Van den Besselaar and Sandstr?m (2018) argue that the conclusions regarding the predictive model are too strong since the model fit is low.	0
There was at least one ECS among the authors in 80.1% of the analysed articles, and ECSs were first authors of 54.0% of the articles.	4
In this article, we reflect about the relevance of those changes from a regional point of view, by analysing the recent introduction of a performance-based research funding system in Italy.	1
The present letter proposed a bibliometric measure that enables all academicians to evaluate conference quality before attending.	5
The bibliometric methodology implemented in this publication combines both the performance analysis and science mapping approaches of Competitive Intelligence.	3
As part of this study, text-mining techniques and forest plots were used to extract article features and compare similarities and differences in RT between two journals.	1
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS This study was partly supported by Pharmaceutical Sciences Research Center of TUMS.	0
We found that the effective number of authors, in general, is a linear function of the total number of authors.	4
Hence, it can be concluded that the proposed approach with a combination of title and abstract can be applied to enhance the results of traditional co-citation measures in scenarios wherein content is unavailable.	5
Information about projects related with open science was obtained from the Cordis database	2
To access and further analyse this knowledge base, we downloaded from Clarivate Analytics Web of Science database all the documents published in these journals from 1985 until present or, for more recent journals, from their date of foundation.	2
This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).	0
We collected metadata on 1,485,958 publications with non-null author, title, and ISSN data from 40 high-impact medical journals, listed in Table 1, between 1980 and 2020.	2
A corollary to this point is that the scientific literature itself (unlike Altmetrics) appears to be resilient to attention gaming on social media: more eyeballs on papers does not necessarily result in higher citation counts.	5
This study examines the growth of Gold Open Access (OA) research output in Malaysia through a bibliometric analysis using Web of Science (WoS) data.	1
Data on funding for all Québec's academic researchers from 1998 to 2012 were obtained from the Information System on University Research, an administrative database from the Québec provincial government that covers all funded research in Québec's universities.	2
The 31 papers published by 13 biomedical journals generated 26 published responses (14 retractions, 5 expressions of concern, 7 author corrections which included one resolved expression of concern) as well as 6 stated decisions to take no action.	4
The conclusion from this analysis is that one has to be very careful when interpreting published IFs as absolute values.	4
We found that the majority of Italian sociologists (1641 out of 2747 total) have coauthors affiliated elsewhere (see gray nodes in Fig.	4
Total Documents is, in general, higher for non-OA journals.	4
The authors used different databases and systematic literature reviews (SLR) to find the most important factors which could improve research productivity in universities.	3
Data for this study are based on a probabilistic, stratified random sample.	2
The email inbox of a single academic urologist was examined for journal article solicitations over a four month span (September – December 2016).	2
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The NSF-CH and NSF-US are the two most recognized organizations promoting robotics research, while although also largely mentioned in the incremental category, European funds are among the most recognized sponsors of change maker technologies.	5
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 65(3):560-577, 2014	0
First, the observed author counts indicate a need for collaboration in bolstered research productivity, especially for JR.	4
In China, national health priorities have remained focused on these illnesses for the benefit of its own population, whereas the UK has funded a wider variety of research, extending to projects with impacts outside its borders to some developing countries.	4
The vast majority of these studies use mainly combined indicators such as h and g, as well as some of their variants.	3
However, political science has better replication practices than many of the natural and social sciences.	5
Firstly, scientific productivity appears to hold more predictive power than average citations, indicating a greater emphasis on productivity over citations in conventional peer review systems when evaluating funding proposals.	5
The open-ended comments focused on the importance of article readings to all work activities, in particular research.	4
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
All authors gave final approval for publication and agreed to be held accountable for the work performed therein.	0
After assessing the journals' authenticity, we classified them as hijacked, predatory, or original, which aligned with HEC guidelines.	3
to examine academic reward policies in LIS, again both nationally and internationally.	5
This work will examine relationships between country-level indicators gathered by the United Nations (UN) Development Report (Human Development Report 2013a; 2013b) and scientometric measures of output, collaboration, and impact.	1
First, we collected the data from the following sources: Retraction Watch, www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov, and websites of major journals and publishers (SpringerNature, MDPI, Sage, etc).	2
This study used VOSviewer to obtain the co-occurrence network of terms extracted from nations, keywords, titles and abstracts.	3
In this study we found that de facto research priorities, as revealed by the amount of publications, are poorly correlated with disease burden in India.	5
No grant from any public, commercial, or non-profit funding agency was offered for the conduct of this research.	0
In the field of Medical and Health Sciences, variation between countries is much higher.	4
Our view is that hiding self-citation data is indefensible and needlessly confuses any attempts to understand the bibliometric impact of one's work.	5
During the five-year period, the number of articles increased by 50 %.	4
In response to that question, we will study how both scientific productivity and social activity influence a key academic decision in the scientific community: the choice of committee members that evaluate doctoral theses in the field of knowledge.	1
Our bibliometric analysis revealed several characteristics of animal research in the field of radiology.	5
Trainees in radiology receive many unsolicited invitations to publish papers as well as to present at meetings that are not accredited.	5
The binary logistic models indicate that total citations, h-index, and citations per publication have significantly positive effects on CPD in chemistry; for mathematics, total citations and h-index do; and for physics, only total citations does (p < .05).	4
The primary interest of this study is to examine whether and by how much these two features are influenced by the academic ability of the advisor(s).	1
* Corresponding author at: Division of Neurosurgery, Department of Surgery, University of Toronto, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	0
First, across scientific disciplines, how is the physical location of collaborators related to negative collaboration experiences?	1
Note that for each period the more impactful research retains a lower percentage of the output	0
The search is conducted on topic, titles, abstracts, author keywords of the articles with the keywords: “Big Data”, “Artificial Intelligence”, “Machine Learning”, “Neural Networks”, “Natural Language Processing”.	2
Although tables seem more common than graphs, some authors suggest that transforming tables into graphs can lead to a better understanding of the data (e.g., Gelman, Pasarica, & Dodhia, 2002; Kastellec & Leoni, 2007).	4
We will often use such easy consequences of C1, without detailing them in the sequel.	0
All communities exhibited b-values greater than unity, indicating that they were all consistently growing in the annual volume of publications.	4
Using a support-vector model of machine learning to classify disciplines based on relative frequencies of social and epistemic terms, we were able to markedly improve accuracy over a random selection baseline (distinguishing between disciplines with as high as 90% accuracy) as well as acquire sets of most indicative terms for each discipline by their relative presence or absence.	3
359 authors/co-authors affiliated with Brazilian institutions and 538 with foreign ones.	4
Respondents were highly conscious that ERA had prompted a shift in publishing behaviour to meet often competing demands of individual research interests, institution, discipline and the international research community.	4
We conducted analyses at the (a) assertion level (n = 1,630) and (b) article level (n = 1,090).	3
In the 2016 Journal Citation Reports of Thomson & Reuters Web of Science, CIE had an impact factor of 2.623 and was ranked in the 9th position out of 44 journals in the Web of Science category of Engineering, Industrial.	4
When journals are aggregated into quartiles based on citation impact, we find that journals in higher quartiles are cited more favorably than those in the lower quartiles.	4
The total number of responses was 94 of 250 (38%).	2
As with the total amount of article readings per year, the findings suggest a plateau has been reached.	5
Two authors (0.67%) whose names were not mentioned in the articles were considered to be ghost writers as the articles were based on the results of their thesis.	4
In the engineering and physical sciences, men submitted an average of 7.2 publications, compared with 5.5 among women (d = 0.40), and in the natural and biological sciences, men submitted an average of 5.3 publications in comparison with 3.8 among women (d = 0.49).	4
Team power hierarchy is quantified by the Gini coefficient of career ages of all coauthors from a paper (Bunderson et al., 2016; Harrison & Klein, 2007).	3
For the MIS field “three top influential" journals were considered for identifying highly cited papers, Information Systems Research (ISR), MIS Quarterly (MISQ) and Journal of Management Information Systems (JMIS) for all papers published between 2009 to 2012.	2
The journal Spine had the largest number of articles and The Lancet had the highest impact factor.	4
Based on the keyword vector of each author, cosine similarity is used to measure the similarity between two authors as follows:	3
To cite this article: Christian Gilliam & Christine Daoutis (2019): Can Openly Accessible E- Theses Be Published as Monographs?	0
This article presents three innovative applications of Social Network Analysis (SNA) methods to explore the emergence and evolution of accountability in higher education across a collection of 450 peer-reviewed articles published from 1974-2017 and their corresponding 12,270 references.	1
Using the full text of 45,000 papers published in the PLoS series of journals as a case study, this paper investigates, from the viewpoint of bibliometrics, how references are distributed along the structure of scientific papers as well as the age of these cited references.	1
For China and India the other socioeconomic parameters were only available for 2005 from the mentioned sources.	0
Cluster 2 (green) addresses human resource management at the organizational level by focusing on engagement, commitment, creativity, leadership, stress, turnover intention, and organizational culture.	4
Survey respondents reported a total of 8972 connections with other fellows (6143 unduplicated connections).	2
The term “publish or perish", initially coined by Coolidge [18], is now becoming a harsh reality.	0
Our research is guided by the following research questions.	1
More precisely, we suggest the following new normalized version of the g-index, gN.	3
For instance, the Nation and the New York Times both are cited by more than 44 percent of the scholars studied by Weissinger.	0
In one way, the DC distribution of the three levels of international scientific collaboration networks in the IVV field follows the Zipf-Pareto distribution.	4
The share of authored books in cited references in CEE journals was 26.6%, while for edited books it was 7.8%.	4
The share of JUFO level 2 and 3 publications is 45% for the AKA-funded research, compared to 32% for the Finnish universities in general (Fig.	4
The Mean Absolute Errors (MAEs) are 0.016 and 0.018, respectively, indicating a strong fit.	4
Therefore, this study uses actual sailing schedule data from 2018 to 2022 of the top 20 container shipping operators across 113 countries along the BRI to construct a weighted shipping network along the route.	2
Consumer behaviour is the most common keyword with the deepest network during the past 10 years.	4
An internet-based survey was sent to more than 4,000 grantees in spring 2008 (the survey had a response rate of 80%).	2
The right tails of the distributions of author fitness in both networks are heavy, which imply that the intrinsic scientific quality of each author has been playing a crucial role in getting new citations and new co-authorships.	4
I have argued that research practices related to collaboration and co-authorship are also important factors in understanding the growth of knowledge in chemistry.	5
Among numerous bibliometric indicators presented by Ioannides et al. (2019) only a few were selected for the analysis of performance of recent Nobel laureates.	3
This contribution introduces a multi-method corpus analysis tool, specifically conceived for scientific corpuses with spatialised content.	1
The ratio of the reputation stage from 1998 to 2004 is zero because of its definition.	0
Then, vector representations of network nodes are learned based on occurrences of subgraphs on the nodes and neighborhoods of the nodes.	3
The source of data for our research was the WoS, Clarivate Analytics's multidisciplinary databases of bibliographic information.	2
This finding supports the hypothesis that there is some degree of convergence in the way universities are ranked.	5
In requesting the evaluation, NSF specified two broad charges: 1) to evaluate the SGER's 16-year programme for its contribution to NSF's mission, and 2) to provide input to an internal planning committee considering changes to SGER's mission and operation.	1
The mathematical model considers the following factors: the number of citations it has received, the role it plays in the papers citing it, and the scientific impact of the papers citing it.	3
This Web Appendix provides further details on coding of the most prolific authors.	0
For the study of usage of the same publications, we used their DOI (Digital Object Identifier) to match them with PlumX Metrics, a set of altmetric indicators provided by Plum Analytics.	2
A common reviewer tactic is to delay the response and then comment negatively to stall the publication process.	0
Using a scientometric method, the present study investigates the representation and research productivity of male and female lecturers in the Faculty of Science, University of Ibadan.	1
b) Physical chemistry was mainly concerned with electro-chemistry and thermo-dynamics, and optical spectroscopy had not proved of great value;	0
Here we ask a slightly different but relatively unexplored question: how is a scientist's change of research agenda associated with her change of scientific performance.	1
The intensity of international collaboration between cities, measured by the Jaccard index, has witnessed a rather small change from 1994-1996 (μ?	4
Received: 22 November 2013/Accepted: 27 February 2014/Published online: 21 March 2014	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
I then assign each term a score, also named as LS, based on how similar it is to the basic and applied terms.	3
Here we used BCN and CAN at the national level since few studies have produced regional or subcontinental outlooks (Cortés-Sánchez, 2019; Pouris and Pouris, 2009), and previous studies have presented related results using co-citation and co-word networks (Vatananan-Thesenvitz et al., 2019).	3
To make comparisons between the ABDC grades and the bibliometrics, we construct an equivalent grade for each journal.	3
Source: ASTII R&D surveys 2010 or latest year available.	2
The acceleration of the publications began in 2004.	4
For this purpose, we adopted the KAKEN database as the source of “correct data”.	1
An evaluative scientometric approach was used to analyze the citations of articles published in Indian health and medical science journals indexed in Scopus.	3
The recursive impact factor (RIF) weights each citation by the impact factor of the citing items, which is also computed recursively.	3
Fractional CNCI was calculated at the author level following the method of Waltman and van Eck (2015).	3
This study first used three search terms, creativity OR innovation OR imagination, simultaneously to retrieve data from anywhere in the four journals.	2
The preliminary protocol for the search design included the use of five individual search terms (data science, data analytics, big data analytics, machine learning, and business analytics), three platforms (Scopus, ProQuest, and EBSCOhost), the use of Boolean operational rules (AND/OR), searching across all domains, and the primary exclusion criterion-publication in English-language journals.	2
of Urology, New York, United States of America, 4University of Oxford, Nuffield Dept.	0
Evaluating indicators also included total publication count (TP), average citation count per publication (TC/TP), self-citation rate, single institute publication (SP), international collaborative publication (CP?), domestic collaborative publication (CPa), first-authored publication (FP), correspondence-authored publication (CP).	3
The filtering process yielded a list of 287 scholars, including their names, regions, and year of election.	2
We also calculate the number of home run publications, defined as publications that, as of 2015, were among the 10 percent most cited of all papers published in a given year.	3
By definition, wij ∈ [0,1], is equal to zero when i and j do not share any reference and is equal to 1 when their sets of references are identical.	0
To assess this, we used predictive/adjusted margins calculated at several points.	3
In addition, the time window is 1 year in this work.	0
2 Top 50 most-cited skull base endoscopy articles published per year; n = 51, due to articles with equal citation counts.	0
This study has carried out a large-scale analysis of URL-based DOIs to obtain evidence of the capacity of the TF score to identify influential publications.	5
The exact descriptive results from any of the analyses relevant to these research questions can be obtained upon request.	0
The research output score is the sum of grant points (g), publication points (p) and PhD supervision points (s): R = g + p + s	3
The reliability of a group of classifiers is also known as inter-rater reliability (IRR), which measures to what extent different classifiers tend to classify the same abstracts to the same evaluation panel.	3
SSH areas show a different profile of interaction than the other areas, nevertheless the production is significant and has a high demand from outside the university.	5
However, China lags behind in average citations per article, top research institutions, and most prolific authors.	4
Following the study of Liben-Nowell and Kleinberg (2007), three link prediction indexes are adopted in our framework: common neighbors, local path, and SimR.	3
Results from our quantitative research revealing: large numbers of letters by medical students, increase in letters published from 2018/19 to 2019/20 and overrepresentation of UK medical students supports the hypothesis that medical students are publishing letters to achieve PubMed IDs.	5
In this section, a low-pass finite impulse response (FIR) filter (Rabiner 1972) is introduced as a smoothing method to be applied before the derivative analysis of a citation curve.	3
3 are not true percentages (the sum is greater than 100%) since a given study can be assigned to several subject areas.	0
Doctoral Thesis Files: the data used was the one recorded in the TESEO database (Ordered Spanish Theses)	2
Our base nanotechnology dataset comprises 757,868 nanotechnology publication records from the Web of Science for 1990-2010.	2
Using an adaptation of the Comparing Means and Proportions spreadsheet created by Princeton Data and Statistical Services, we performed descriptive analysis of trends via z-test across years, with a significance threshold of a=0.001.	3
China clearly dominates the list with more than twice the number of papers of Spain, which is in the second place.	4
In order to unwind multiple impacts, one needs multiple regression analysis.	3
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
On a spring day in April in 1989 the University of Oregon beat the University of California at Berkeley in a dual track meet by the score of 128 to 35.	0
The research was funded by National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant No.	0
Despite receiving more citations, COVID-19 studies are more likely to have certain characteristics (study design, sample size) which are generally associated with low methodological quality than are non-COVID-19 studies, according to some quality assessment tools, such as GRADE.	5
Dissertations were retrieved from the database PSU State Electronic Theses and Dissertations for Graduate School as PDFs.	2
We shall use them to explore the idea, introduced earlier, of two subdisciplines in information science.	0
Both metrics increased with each successive academic rank, except for department chairs.	4
When asked about their knowledge of current subscription costs to e-journals, none of the participants knew how much money the library was spending to access e-journals.	4
Data were retrieved for the reference period 1945 to 2010.	2
According to the results obtained, the top ten nations with the strongest disciplinary competitiveness in stomatology were the United States, Brazil, Germany, the United Kingdom, Japan, Italy, China, The Netherlands, Switzerland, and Sweden.	4
In summary, we find a significant increase in resident publications over time that coincides with work hour restrictions.	5
Funding was provided in part by NSF Grant #SBR-9872961 and with support from the School of Library and Information Science at Indiana University.	0
Qualitative Analysis of Faculty Opinions on and Perceptions of Research Impact Metrics 901	0
In our case this means the number of journals with IF between m and n.	0
On the basis of a bibliometric comparison, the study statistically shows how the introduction of the Danish Bibliometric Research Indicator amplifies the existing research performance gender gap.	5
In fact, in many areas a gold OA citation disadvantage is observed.	5
In this paper, The Bullwhip Effect (BWE) and the Internet of Things (IoT) domains are selected to verify the proposed approach.	2
Then, Girvan-Newman clustering and Louvain clustering models are applied to generate embedding vectors and show evaluation results through the clustering indices.	3
To assess the effect of insularity on the selected publications, we used the Mann-Whitney test to compare the differences in the number of national and international citations in each knowledge area, country and continent.	3
While the current bibliometric study may contribute to future narrative research in several ways, it has some limitations.	5
Dr Chandrakanta Swain is the corresponding author and can be contacted at: ckswain1969@gmail.com	0
Here we report that, as of March 2017, Sci-Hub's database contains 68.9% of the 81.6 million scholarly articles registered with Crossref and 85.1% of articles published in toll access journals.	4
The third period (1970s to 1990s) represents North American hegemony, when universities and other research organizations in North America educated up to 60 percent (HD) of all laureates and provided the work environment where roughly 75 percent of all laureates conducted their PWR and received the NP.	4
In this paper, a combined method is used.	3
This paper provides insights into the strategic behaviour modes that, as reported in the literature, have consequences for knowledge production.	5
After the identification of the classification categories, each indicator was classified into each category by using a card-sorting method (Nielsen 1995) followed by mutual agreement among the authors of the present study.	3
Our study objectively explores the document co-citation clusters of 1,450 bibliographic records to identify the origin of think tanks and hot research specialties of the domain.	1
This paper looks at paths from funding to citation impact as follows: Literature Review, Data and Methodology, Results looking at the overall data set and within clusters formed by resources available for Research & Development (R&D) per capita of the country, Discussion and Conclusions.	1
In this study, a total of 45,822 papers in the S&T field (including natural sciences, life sciences, and engineering) with a cumulative rate of 80% or higher in terms of the number of citations in three specific years (2006, 2008, and 2010) in Australia, South Korea, and Switzerland were used.	2
In contrast, we are more confident in concluding that the Publication Indicator has been successful in activating a larger share of researchers either to begin publishing on a regular basis or to shift publication activity toward the types of scientific channels covered by the Indicator.	5
Special emphasis is placed on the deviations from such statistical descriptions, and it is argued that the deviation of a particular researcher's h value from the Egghe–Rousseau model's prediction can be used as a supplementary measure of impact.	1
A total of 520 patents were thus identified.	2
There are manuals, handbooks, policies, government documents, reports, newspapers interviews, etc.	0
We provide evidence that the distributions of the yearly average PUB, CIT and IF of Italian bibliometric academic disciplines only differ by a scaling factor, and after eliminating the percentage of silent scholars, it can be rescaled, that is, it can be collapsed to one common empirical law that follows a log-normal distribution.	5
The two groups have different understandings of key notions such as 'impact' and 'applied research', as well as different ways of integrating the impact agenda into their research and education activities.	4
36 universities were able to enter the top 30 list by one of the four counting methods.	0
For assessing the criterion validity of our originality measure for individual papers, we conducted a questionnaire survey of the authors of these papers to enquire into self-assessed originality.	2
As a second example, I use the citation data which I harvested in July 2007 from the Web of Science for eight highly cited physicists and which I have investigated in a different context previously (Schreiber, 2008b, 2010b).	2
2002) was used for analyses and the creation of Fig.	3
However, in the estimated models addressing desk rejection, the review outcome for which the editor had most individual responsibility, the results consistently suggested that such rejection was more likely as the type of rejection for manuscripts with all-female authorship.	4
Domestic and international cooperation and research funding are found to play an important role.	5
A correction for multiple comparisons was made with Bonferroni.	3
Conflict of interest We have no known conflict of interest to disclose.	0
PCA suggests the existence of three groups of journals: the first group comprises Forest Ecology and Management and Canadian Journal of Forest Research, the dominating two, the second group comprises Annals of Forest Science, Plant Ecology, Tree Physiology and Trees-Structure and Function, while the rest of the journals belong to the third group.	4
Weak Contraction Consistency (WCCON): For each n-dimensional vector y ∈ X, f(y) = f(y|f).	3
Supplementary Information The online version contains supplementary material available at https://doi.org/10.1007/s11192-021-04175-8.	0
This presumably suggests that print book acquisition is often in demand and effective, but current rate of library eholdings does not statistically imply significant levels of impact or use.	5
The data collection process appeared to be quite involved, so the initial evaluation was limited to citations from the two most recent full calendar years at the time of the study (2013 and 2014).	2
The reasons for targeting the journals included in certain A&I databases and challenges for publishing in the journals included in leading databases are among the main objectives of this research.	1
When considering the profile of the institutional policies and the explicit referrals to national policies, we find there is a great deal of homogeneity between Norwegian universities, and they are mostly aligned with national policy.	4
Publications originating from England, Scotland, Northern Ireland, and Wales were considered coming from the United Kingdom (UK).	2
Through co-occurrence analysis, cluster analysis, and emergent word analysis of keywords, this paper helps to gras the hot spots in the green railway field; according to this, the research stages are divided.	3
6 For examples of other analyses using this approach see Conti and Dorein (2010) and Cross et al.	0
Author typically direct their manuscripts in an informed way to reach the appropriate audience for the content and argument.	0
Our data also shows that university presses provided proportionately more of the monographs referenced in the journal articles than commercial presses, so they are likely to be more greatly affected as the crisis continues.	5
The author thanks Professor David Turner for his help in editing.	0
As a novel approach to analyze the bibliometric trends on IIP, in this study we aimed to combine bibliometric, Altmetric and LOE mapping analyses, implementing formal statistics to comprehensively explore the trends in the history of IIP and its research.	1
The current study therefore used co-authorship to assess collaboration.	3
The data extracted from the Web of Science (WoS) databases in July 10th 2014.	2
Management and Self-archive practices factors have the greatest gaps between perceived importance and actual performance (Table 4).	4
With the correlation matrix, hierarchical clustering analysis using complete-linkage is conducted.	3
The majority of tenure-track staff has done little or no research over the past twenty-six years.	4
The number of total articles, randomised controlled trials, case reports, meta-analysis, impact factors (IF), citations and articles published in top general medicine journals was collected for quantity and quality comparisons.	3
The author is grateful to Karin Jonasson for her assistance in collecting and analyzing the data reported in this paper, and to Floyd Bolitho for undertaking the multiple regression analysis.	0
This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.	0
An exploratory factor analysis with maximum likelihood extraction and varimax rotation was conducted on all other survey items.	3
Hence, we focus on 206,000 dissertations published, and thus Ph.Ds graduated, in 1976–2008.	2
Next, we limited the sample to only journals with 20 or more articles published in the journal and reviewed in ResearchBlogging.org during 2009 or 2010.	2
We now provide a formal definition of a direct similarity measure.	0
Our study yielded no evidence of reviewer bias: when the reviewer knew that their prestige (captured by factors such as h-index or number of publications in Nature Index journals) surpassed that of the corresponding author, they displayed no discernible emotional differences.	5
Finally, it can be concluded that the use of topological metrics applied to academic genealogy, can be a useful approach when adopted at a micro-level.	5
As shown in Table 8, across all non-publisher coded comments, around two-thirds (66.5%) were of an academic nature and a third (32.9%) were procedural.	4
It was also found that the impact of telecommunication on this process was limited, while government funding for digital government research played an important role.	4
Paper received, 2 July 1998; revised, 12 July 1999; accepted, 20 July 1999.	0
This can be explained by the hypothesis that AP underwent a process of fragmentation in sub-fields during the second half of the century.	5
The author knew ETP, the author of the retracted manuscripts, as a friend and via scientific interactions, but has not interacted with him for at least the last decade.	0
For each researcher, the algorithm requires the following information collected from Google Scholar: (i) i10-index (the number of publications in the researcher’s profile with at least 10 citations, which we denoted i10); one condition is that a researcher must have i10 ≥ 1 for the algorithm to function correctly; (ii) h-index—the researcher’s Hirsch number [5]: the number of publications with at least as many citations, which we denoted h; (iii) the number of citations for the researcher’s most highly cited paper (denoted cm); and (iv) the year the researcher published her/his first peer-reviewed article in a recognized scientific journal (denoted Y1).	2
The study employs a bibliometric analysis and knowledge graph analysis and visualizes and analyzes its research content, authors, and institutions using software such as CiteSpace and VOSviewer.	3
We constructed dyads by creating every possible pairwise combination of researchers attending a symposium on the same night (26,604 dyads).	2
In particular, the preferential attachment function and author fitnesses, which govern the two phenomena, are estimated non-parametrically in each network.	3
The spectrum of the surgeon-scientist ranges from a clinician who participates in the occasional research collaboration to the predominantly academic scientist with no involvement in clinical work.	1
The Nobel group also shows a significantly higher ACC than the control group, suggesting that the neighborhood of an average node in the former's citing network is more connected than in the latter's citing network.	4
author and institution standing and motivate publication strategies and incentives that exacerbate research misconduct.	0
To verify the accuracy of formula hww, comparatively, we considered, among several possible ready-to-use formulas, the following ones among those defined above: h(1)w, hsg(0.63), hsg(0.75), hsg(1), hR,	3
2011 ASIS&T Published online 8 August 2011 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
This paper examines how shared affiliations within an institution (e.g., same primary appointment, same secondary appointment, same research center, same laboratory/facility) and physical proximity (e.g., walking distance between collaborator offices) shape knowledge creation through biomedical science collaboration in general, and interdisciplinary collaboration in particular.	1
The United States accounted for 31.497% of the articles, 58.64% of the citations, and the highest h-index (127).	4
RQ1 – Who are the leading authors in the publications we are analyzing?	1
Table 2 shows that when a scientist has network members working in universities, he or she is more likely to publish papers in both SCI and non-SCI journals, lending support to our first hypothesis.	4
The second conclusion is that these different networking behaviours are observed between disciplines.	5
Figure 1 illustrates the StarBRITE workflow, designed to detect new publications, notify researchers, and identify when a publication acknowledges VICTR support.	3
We considered those countries that have a GNI of less than 14,365 USD (based on the average world GNI for 2010).	2
The participants' responses to the survey question about how commonly they use different online actions to express positive judgments indicated that web-based impact metrics should be differentiated by the type of action behind them, not only by the source they are from – regarding their intended meaning, e.g., Likes on two distinct platforms seem in most cases to be more similar to each other than Likes and comments on the same platform.	5
Our argument provides a caveat against the use of topic modeling for mapping the semantic structures contained in moderately sized sets of documents (n <1,000): we were not able to produce a topic model that outperformed the co-word maps, and the results of the two models were not related.	5
First, we compiled the yearly co-citation networks of WoS publications (papers).	3
Note: Journals from which the citation donors originated (rows) versus the journals that published the publications of the citation recipients (columns).	0
in this study we decided to assess the collaboration rate of authors in the e-learning subject area in a 10-year period (2005-2014) through the Web of Science.	1
The study found that the degree centrality and betweenness centrality of an institution have a significant positive impact on the total number of papers.	4
The proposed method also has significant advantages compared with other comprehensive IRO evaluation methods.	5
In our analysis, we make critical use of Bourdieu's concept of field and the Latin American category of “structural heterogeneity,” while also focusing on the question of circulation.	3
Both inbox and spam folders were screened for solicitations for scholarly contributions by 2 reviewers, and disagreements were resolved by consensus.	2
Even though both measures exhibit a decreasing pattern with age, the differences by age groups are much larger in the case of the balanced worth.	4
The citation of conference proceedings is one of the bibliometric indicators that many researchers include in studies on citation patterns and trends in various scientific disciplines.	3
The data was retrieved from the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection, bearing in mind that it is the one of the most important databases in the world, covering a wide range of knowledge areas and enabling comparisons across these.	2
And, if so, can these changes only be attributed to the inclusion of the lexical information or is it already hidden in the citation-link based network?	1
In this paper, we discuss the growth in academic computer science research in China using the methods of bibliometrics (Bar-Ilan 2008a; Borgman and Furner 2002; Nicolaisen 2007; Wilson 1999).	1
Participants were given an opportunity to add comments about the study in an open text field.	0
Our results show that for semantic embeddings, the BERT model gives the most clear results, while for the link prediction task on the direct citation network, the GAE with GCN, using the BERT embedding along with the metadata features, gives the best performance.	5
Only two-thirds of LT books have MARC21 metadata and WorldCat visibility.	4
Forty-two of the top-BCS professors also result as top scientists on the basis of SIMCA classification.	4
The respective averages up to rank r for Zahn's citation record are included in Figure 3 and the intersection with the diagonal yields g=60.	4
For a reviewer, implementation of this idea will enable him to respond to submissions promptly and efficiently, bringing out the best in him, and feel amply rewarded for the same.	5
To test the hypotheses proposed, we performed a quantitative study based on a sample of 155 researchers in the field of academic management.	1
Considering the group R1 = {1,2,3,4,5,6,7}, we present a set of this group’s papers illustrated in Fig.	2
A newly created checklist for the assessment of journals elaborated on the principles of the evidence-based criteria was used for analysis.	3
Therefore, this paper attempts to establish a topics-author-cited three-dimensional talent evaluation model from subject research topics, citation quantity and quality, citation distribution and other dimensions.	1
We postulate that as an algorithm's influence wanes within the group, it typically follows a progression: firstly, it no longer occupies the core position as a bridge; next, it gradually loses the proportion of influence among neighbor algorithms and then the number of algorithms connected with it decreases continuously, while the algorithm's distance from all other algorithms changes minimally.	5
For instance, STEM researchers gave precedence to research methods over all other responsibilities.	4
Objective data obtained through the interaction history of a KMS in a global telecommunication company was applied to test the hypotheses.	2
The authors who are building this research line are who most use self-citations, and the h-index also affected positively the self-citation rate.	4
Let d(Ω, S, f1, f2) be a distance measure between research fields f?	3
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
We first test for biases in rating while accounting for measures of teacher applicant qualifications and quality.	1
Machine learning can be harnessed to identify high-quality research while avoiding unconscious bias towards authors, institutions, or positions, and to create personalized reading lists that encompass essential articles while also addressing personal knowledge gaps.	3
DescriptiveBC performs significantly better than both BM25 and HybridK50.	4
To identify the disciplinary origins of the scholars, 2 research assistants independently retrieved online information regarding the field of study for the highest degree (eg, MD and PhD).	3
After correcting text-matching errors, 142 (3.5% of the 4,050 papers) were suspected of research misconduct.	4
However, the number of awards to physicians and physicians without a PhD in departments of psychiatry (estimated slopes of 0.51 and ?0.07, respectively) have not increased.	4
After identifying and screening 3245 articles, we selected 2956 papers for further analysis.	2
The logistic regressions were adopted to test Hypotheses 1 and 3 while OLS regression on the natural logarithm of the time to retraction in months to test Hypotheses 2 and 4.	3
Personal data on the 181 HCR were researched on the Internet to obtain information about their sex, age, academic title and professional position.	3
Do the different fields within a discipline maintain similar patterns in productivity distribution?	1
Two indicators are associated with each i-th paper: the citation count (C?), i.e., the number of citations accumulated by the paper up to a given point in time (e.g., 29 February 2016 for some research areas (ANVUR, 2015b)), according to the WoS or the Scopus database, and a journal metric (Ji) related to the publishing journal.	2
Objective: to analyse research articles on pain and nursing issues using bibliometric and scientometric methodologies.	1
R. Rousseau for interesting discussions on the topic of this paper.	0
Despite the growing prevalence of these tools in the 6-month period since the release of ChatGPT, no HEIs had produced revised academic integrity policies.	4
A major strength of Registered Reports is that they focus the review process on the research question and soundness of methodology.	5
The main purpose of this study is to identify the complex combinations of factors that lead to high research performance after academic mobility and to provide insights to design and inaugurate similar academic mobility programmes.	5
The sample covers a selection of 12 leading journals in the field of accounting and an additional nine in finance.	2
We conclude that improved data production and coverage, as well as more robust international coordination of statistical practices, will be needed if the R&D statistics produced by the OECD are to be meaningfully combined with bibliometric data in efficiency studies at country level and in country-to-country comparisons.	5
Articles were checked using two methods: Digital Object Identifier (DOI) match and query match.	3
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cshe20	0
4 If this seems low, it is because Web of Science is a lagging citation indicator and the data were collected in 2017.	0
The Web of Science's (WoS) Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI) and Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) are used in this study to identify each journal's total number of publications, total number of English publications, and total number of non-English publications.	2
An average credibility score across all five ratings was computed and served as the dependent variable.	3
An expert opinion index was used to estimate content validity at the item level.	3
Develop a framework for the development and sustainability of IRs.	1
We found that in determining which journals to submit a manuscript to, authors care about submission fee, journal quality as measured by rank and impact factor, and journal usages by authors (citations) and subscribers (library subscriptions).	5
This article explores the formation process and operation mechanism of the discourse power for academic journals.	1
Although the number of scientific publications from Mainland China has rapidly increased from 2007 to 2017, the quality of these publications has not been as satisfactory.	5
Received: 25 March 2022 / Accepted: 19 April 2023 / Published online: 13 May 2023	0
To answer these questions, we selected three seminal and highly cited best practice articles published in Organizational Research Methods (ORM) within the past ten years.	2
Discourse analysis is used to test for clarity under the hypothesis that proposals that are more clearly written are more likely to be accepted.	3
From the School of Medicine, and the Department of Internal Medicine, Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center, Lubbock.	0
The bibliometric analysis confirms a decline over time in the publication of monographs in favor of shorter contributions such as articles and book chapters.	4
Q3: Identify the prominent information sources that include academic databases, search engines and digital libraries, through frequency of usage.	1
None of the authors have any personal relationships with other people or organizations that could inappropriately influence (bias) their work.	0
The research question requires a case-study approach, as this allows for a detailed study of a particular context (Bryman 1989), and provides an opportunity for generating theoretical insights, as a result of contrasting findings (Bryman and Bell 2007).	3
The last one consists of authors in the top h-index list (named “Top h”).	2
The analysis of the longitudinal data from 2012 to 2017 showed important usage patterns.	4
Whatever the limitations of the approach, and these have been exhaustively rehearsed in the literature (e.g., Anderson, 1991; Cronin, 1984; MacRoberts & MacRoberts, 1987; Seglen, 1992; Taubes, 1993), there is much to be said for trying to complement peer judgment and productivity counts (e.g., number of papers published per scientist/researcher) with objective measures of scholarly impact (i.e., the extent to which an individual's work is cited in the mainstream literature).	0
The data required for this bibliometric analysis were collected by using Scopus, which is the largest bibliometric database, and one of the most commonly used sources for citation data in bibliometric analyses (Mongeon & Paul-Hus, 2016).	2
Single institution articles were by far the most common (average 92.8%) in all 4 journals.	4
When constructing national university ratings using operational indicators of the academic activity of the research and teaching staff, it is necessary to take into account the profile of a higher educational institution by introducing weighting factors for the universities with different professional programs.	5
It is thus if interest to examine, for such teams and leaders, whether the law is obeyed when the research publications pertain to different subfields.	1
More telling is the place assigned to women in the book.	0
All 28,852 documents published in PLOS ONE during the 5-year-period between 2007 and 2011 have been extracted from Web of Science?.	2
The author has no conflict of interest pertaining to this work.	0
The model is elaborated by analyzing the work of three university research groups in different disciplines.	2
To illustrate and quantify the amount of collaboration in the program, we used social network analysis, a method for mapping and measuring relationships between people within and outside of an organization (eg, the K12 program) to identify knowledge flows and collaborations.	3
For the computation of scientist impact, citation records are taken from the SciVerse Scopus database.	2
As shown from the table, the dataset contained a total of 1023 citations, resulting from 551 citing-cited pairs, and the average citation density was greater than 1.	2
Empirical statistics show that review papers' specific citation patterns influence citation analysis.	4
What is the level of academics' awareness of open access?	1
I argue that the main contribution of the synchronic model is that it seems like publications in top journals are very important in the process of attaining excellence in addition to publication volume.	5
Descriptive statistics (e.g., total, mean) are mainly used in this study.	3
There are 878,337 MIT co-authorship instances and 38,211 papers (with unique DOIs) spanning the years 2005 to 2015.	2
Six manuscripts in 2020 were under second round of peer review as of 15 December 2020).	0
As for the future, we feel that larger scale studies are appropriate.	0
The biases would be proportional to the elitist level of a journal; the more elitist a journal, the more biased its decisions, unavoidably.	4
P. Banerjee, Director of CSIR-NISTADS, for helpful comments on an early version of the paper.	0
This paper examines both panel processes and journal ratings lists, which measure the quality of research in business and management in the UK.	1
Here I develop some arguments in favor of the latter approach as far as the analysis of new media's citation impact is concerned.	1
The data source considered for the study was the core collection of Web of Science (WoS) on November 11, 2019.	2
The focus of this study was to observe the changes in the influence of the PLE contained in the original work, and not to analyze all citations of the PLE.	1
Thematic analysis was used for analysis and all data were coded and extracted using NVivo V.11.0 software.	3
The results show the group of education experts showed great interest in the core concepts of the revised curriculum and its implementation, focusing on abstract theories, whereas the public showed greater interest in practical problems and the outcomes of the revision rather than the process of revision of the curriculum.	4
Received 19 December 2023; Received in revised form 1 April 2024; Accepted 7 May 2024	0
Acknowledgements: We acknowledge the permission from Clarivate Analytics to publish the Web of Science (WoS) data used in this study for replication purposes and related scientific analyses.	0
Of the 124 Q1-Q4 sport journals, 47 (or 37.9%) were classified by the AJPC System as SPJs (Suppl.	4
The areas where the methodology was applied until now are also identified, as a complementary objectives of this paper.	1
196 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—January 2014	0
Therefore, we used co-word analysis to examine the relationship between concepts or words in the titles, abstracts or keywords of studies in a research field (Ba???, 2021, p.	3
The present study aims to investigate the performance and visibility of Indian research Institutions' websites on the Web using webometrics with an eye to achieve following objectives:	1
Launching a periodical survey of ALBA users to investigate whether they are aware of product or process innovations related to their experiments.	3
Accepted manuscripts at Tl were cited more often than rejected but elsewhere published manuscripts (median 4 vs.	4
Table 1 shows that between 43% and 55% of those in each subfield have a Google Scholar profile, with the notable exception of theory, which is only 24%.	4
We also consider how to describe the state of collaborations between participants within such a community.	1
2012 were collected from a bibliographic database (SCOPUS, Elsevier, BV, Amsterdam, NL).	2
We implemented four Resource Allocation Strategies (RAS) entitled Communism, Lottery, Realistic, and Ideal.	3
One of the key objectives of SENIC, as expressed in the abstract of its NSF award, is to create a “research ecosystem that is strengthened by collaboration, sharing of best practices, scholarly interaction, and mutual support” [31].	5
Our scientometric analysis of publications does not permit an engagement with large GH themes like security, globalization, neo-liberalism, and humanitarianism frequently discussed in policy and social science literature.	5
We build the backward citation network obtained from the extracted Canadian nano- technology patent data.	3
In order to capture the impact of guideline references, a new indicator should be considered and developed that reflect not only the “knowledge cycle” (Grant) of articles to guideline publication, but also the societal impact.	5
Chunfeng Huang for his comments on the linear models, and Dr.	0
Our general approach was to visualise the structure of a medical research field, in our case the field of maternal mortality research, using a term map.	3
The article information data is obtained from the Web of Science (WoS), including the article, author, journal, and affiliation.	2
In this study, the characteristics of citation distribution concentration in journal and book literature in Web of Science Core Collection (WoS), and the differences of these characteristics across fields, levels of aggregation and citation periods were probed to determine possible applications of this new data source for bibliometric studies.	1
By creating a network public opinion event logic graph, our study shows the development and evolution of network public opinion during disaster events and provides government a crucial foundation for action.	1
Runnels is supported by a Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council Doctoral Award and a University of Ottawa Excellence Scholarship.	0
To test for the anchoring effect, we compared the revised scores with the control scores using a one-sided permutation test with the Mann-Whitney U statistic.	3
The aim of this study was to identify and compare the 100 articles published in Pediatric Emergency Care (PEC) from its inception in 1985 to date that are most often cited.	1
Furthermore the temporal impact evolution was studied for a Top 50 titles list (according to JIF) by means of Journal Impact Factor, SJR and SNIP in the time interval 2000–2010.	1
Research collaborations in LS research in China are mostly distributed in the east and south of China, being centralized in the “Beijing-Hubei-Shanghai” triangle zone, as well as within the triangle’s extending zones.	4
A bibliometric research was carried out using SCOPUS database.	2
Besides, the logit model will be directly compared to the linear probability model (LPM) and, as part of the robustness checks, to the probit model.	3
The cumulative total of impact factors (IFs) was analysed per country, reflecting not only the number of articles published, on the basis that IFs may be some indication of publication quality and scientific contribution.	3
For its ICTSR-WA design, the online software Genially was used, given its advantages of interactivity, animation, and attractive design [64].	3
The authors acknowledge the assistance and cooperation of the University of North Texas faculty during this study.	0
This finding suggests that Scopus author affiliation data is a good indication of the CA's own view of the disciplines involved in the article, and that the disciplinary composition of the team may be a reasonable indicator of the disciplinary content of the research article, a finding that has been supported elsewhere.	5
This introduction leads me to a recent publication in the Journal of Informetrics by Huang (2016).	1
The word predatory, in Merriam-Webster's dictionary, means a tendency to harm or deprive another person's benefits for personal gain, which fits the meaning of predatory journals.	0
Let us explore the similarities and differences between the clusters of cities.	0
The goal is to help research review bodies easily grasp the distinction between these two forms of scholarly accomplishment and to also provide them a transparent way to articulate to scholars how the evaluation committee intends to balance these two modes of scholarly accomplishment.	1
Received: 8 January 2016; Accepted: 27 March 2016; Published: 13 May 2016	0
This study concludes that WIF, being a quality indicator, helps in measuring the utility of a website, rather than measuring its overall impact on the Web.	5
It is observed that Asian countries are still behind in supporting and promoting OA in comparison to American, Latin American and European countries.	5
In this paper, we present a technique PBC (Passage-based Bibliographic Coupling) that estimates inter-article similarity by seamlessly integrating bibliographic coupling with the information collected from context passages around important out-link citations (references) in each article.	1
The data for this present paper are retrieved from WOS provided by Thomson-Reuters.	2
These articles had a significantly (p = 0.007) higher number of total citations (mean = 3355 citations, SD = 4695 citations) compared with the rest of the articles (mean = 1329 citations, SD = 857 citations).	4
Of its 64 SDSs, there are 52 cases (81% of total) where the RSU's bibliometric performance is above the 80th national percentile.	4
The majority variances are located near zero, and only a portion has diverse rank status.	0
The results show that evaluating the scientific impact of interdisciplinarity requires a sufficiently long citation time window.	4
The objective of this analysis is to understand Canada’s historic contribution to NTD publication activity and the core-periphery structure of Canada’s research network.	5
This was taken from the 50 Scopus journals with the most articles published in 1996 and that published continually since then, ensuring long term coverage.	2
It focusses on two important areas of OA development: OA journals and national-level repositories.	1
It is necessary to dig deeply into the citation context and citation motivation of indirect citation behavior to understand the internal mechanism of triangular citation.	1
The research institution cooperation map, keywords co-occurrence network map, keyword emergence map, and clustering map were drawn.	3
Thus, 18 journals were included in this study (Table 1).	2
As shown in Figure 1, there are 20 nodes and 840 lines in the co-citation network.	0
Diets and breast cancer-associated research output continues to increase annually worldwide including publications from Asian countries.	5
The percentage error of the articles studied lies between -191% and 993.86%.	4
Although the work in the field is relatively old, mythology continuously improves its interdisciplinary dimension and evolves with different areas.	5
A corpus is a set of articles and is defined by three parameters: the name of a database, a request, and a date.	2
This case study was based on qualitative interviews with 24 department heads and a document analysis of 44 assessment reports from appointments for associate professorships.	2
Indicators were defined in each of the five dimensions and then in the experimentation phase assessed the existence and quality of data on 159 higher education institutions both inside and outside Europe, answering questionnaires on the relevance and feasibility of the data collection.	2
Correspondence to: Chairman Emeritus, ISI?, 3501 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA.	0
Taking IPM as an example we explain how to understand Table 3.	0
In the social sciences, both two types of books and journal papers are more comparable to each other due to the most similar citation concentrations between journal articles and books among all the fields.	5
The research design was based on the overall research aim to investigate whether gender in a specific field (ADS) has an effect on different aspects of research impact, including (1) the size of citation impact obtained by the research output, (2) the impact on the development of the knowledge base of ADS, expressed as the capacity of integrating knowledge from different research areas, and (3) the (expected) type of research impact targeting either societal or scientific developments (or both).	1
By modeling the characteristics of author collaboration by using the Lokta's distribution, it is possible to compare collaboration within this set of publication to collaboration within any other sets of publications.	3
As an attempt to support human analysts, we present topic space trajectories, a structure that allows for the comprehensible tracking of research topics.	1
In the last decade, Mexico’s efforts have focused on achieving stronger scientific growth.	0
The waiting time statistics are found to be dependent on the version of the manuscript (Fig.	4
We investigated the contributions of authors, institutions, and countries for the five-year period (2011-2015) by using data from 981 research papers published in the aforementioned journals.	2
The sustained exponential growth in the number of authors can be significantly explained by the offspring production, since the fraction of merging/immigrant authors is steadily declining (from about 85% to 12%).	4
Journals such as the CJPS may therefore opt to adapt to the new SSHRC AJS requirements, without entirely forgoing their subscription model.	5
To handle this problem, we used the average citation rates of the respective subfields as the basis for the calculations for the multiple assigned journals.	0
The most frequently cited references are Rochet and Tirole (2003) (117 times), Armstrong (2006) (86 times), Rochet and Tirole (2006) (84 times), Caillaud and Jullien (2003) (63 times), and Eisenmann et al.	4
Results of the centrality measure (Table II) show that Feicheng Ma and Junping Qiu have the highest co-citation frequency with other authors, and consequently have the highest centrality degree in this given data set.	4
From the many classifications of citations that are available, we have chosen to base our work on the scheme described by Harwood (2009).	3
The paper builds on the evidence collected through two surveys to direct and indirect users of ALBA (overall 384 questionnaires collected), in-depth interviews as well as an analysis of patents' citations.	2
For both responders and nonresponders, research productivity was assessed using Web of Science tools, the number of original publications after the year of NREF award, and the recipient's current Hirsch index (H-index) as of September 2021.	2
Our results have several implications; we will briefly focus on those concerning improving the state of practice in the use of quantitative methods.	5
Therefore, we employed a method that examines agreement with other researches, such as research articles, review literature and co-citations among research articles.	3
The overall indicator scores clearly distinguish RA and RC from RB and RD (Table 3).	4
After a short break, Dr Vella gave a lecture on Hereditary Abnormalities of the LDL Receptor.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Despite the importance of surgery in transplantation, there is a paucity of high-impact papers on this topic.	5
To do so, we explore and compare two different impact assessment processes from the Investigators Programme (IvP) 2014–6 at Science Foundation Ireland (SFI) (SFI 2017).	1
The GYN-PB with the highest citation rate (103) was PB no.	4
Highly Cited Papers (HCPs) are papers that have received enough citations to place them in the top 1% when compared to all other papers published in the same year in the same field.	2
Department of Management, University of Bologna, Via Capo di Lucca 34, 40126 Bologna, Italy	0
For general pediatric journals, we selected 4 pediatric subspecialties for comparison of publication patterns with neurology: immunology, endocrinology, gastroenterology, and respirology.	2
This fractional counting method was chosen in preference to whole counting (allocating a full share of citations to each author), first author counting (allocating the whole article to the first author) and unequal counting (allocating different shares to each author based on their position in the authorship list).	3
Yiming Liu was the recipient of a 2021-2022 collaboration grant from the Secretary of State for Education, Ministry of Education and Vocational Training at the Department of History of Science and Documentation at the Universitat de València (Code/temp: 20566782).	0
In this section, we analyse the scholarly productivity of art faculties to explore the influence of the system on the artistic and research activity of artists-academics.	1
It is not surprising that the most successful strategies for finding research collaborators are through previous and present places of employment and through interactions at meetings or conferences coupled with the fundamental factor of being open to collaborations.	5
Because not every conference is of high quality, there is a need for young researchers and scholars to recognize the so-called “predatory conferences” which make a profit from unsuspecting researchers without the core purpose of advancing science or collaboration.	1
Of the top 100 cited articles published, 94 were original articles with 2 of these proceeding papers.	4
Although the recruitment of young returnee scientists has no significant effect on the overall number of articles of their peers, it can increase the number of their peer's highly-cited articles.	5
Section 2 provides a brief overview of prior literature examining the impact of BB68.	0
Subsequently, a Bayesian topic model (fit using latent Dirichlet allocation) is presented as a tool to obtain further insights on the blockmodeling results' meaning.	3
The bibliometric indicator of performance used is Fractional Scientific Strength (FSS).	3
After identifying overlapping journals (i.e., journals covered in multiple indexes), we compared impact factors of the journals and examined the journals with large impact factors differences across citation indexes.	3
FSR and its editorial staff will continue to publish timely, innovative and high-quality papers and maintain the highest standards of peer review for every manuscript submitted to the journal.	5
We follow a conservative approach and estimate success in ex-post performance using a two-stage econometric model that accounts for a potential differential selection.	3
This selection resulted in a set of 262 researchers, of which 19 are deleted because of missing data—we could not trace them anymore.	2
For RQ1, for each field and section, the average number of citations per article was calculated using the geometric mean (and corresponding 95% confidence intervals) with a one offset because of the presence of zeros in the data (Thelwall & Fairclough, 2015).	3
The final number of mobility instances included in the analyses that follow is 3153, performed by 1995 researchers.	2
The combination of these techniques allows us to control relevant confounding factors biasing the prediction of article citations (e.g., the length of a paper quantified by the number of pages and its possible relationship with the number of tables and figures, or the article type which was kept as a constant as all sampled papers were empirical).	3
Four of the subject areas experience an OA citation advantage on only one measure, namely citedness.	4
Therefore by studying the 25 astronomers who died recently, that would constitute a random sample of astronomers who completed their careers.	2
This qualitative study confirmed that Sci-Hub was the first and main way to read and analyze recent scholarly literature.	4
While virtual or hybrid conferences have been embraced by the majority of ECRs, around a third still preferred face-to-face only conferences.	4
First, it presents the generalised multipartite stochastic blockmodeling (MBM) the results of which are presented in the 'Results' section.	3
These tended to be significantly larger in the US/UK group than in the non-US/UK group (USD 2380 vs USD 1470, p=0.04).	4
The average for each of these metrics was determined in each SDG category for publications involving one and multiple (two or three) faculties.	0
Assertions were analyzed under supported, unsupported, or irrelevant for purposes of study categories.	3
To whom correspondence should be addressed: Eberval Gadelha Figueiredo, M.D., Ph.D.	0
The average number of articles published per year is 889.42.	4
To address the aforementioned issues, big data technology is used to mine the text data of network public opinion, disaster rescue, and secondary disasters associated with urban rainstorms and floods.	1
Received July 6, 2000; revised September 8, 2000; accepted September 8, 2000	0
While goal 1 was primarily attained on the level of the CCES Community, goals 2 and 3 were reached through a complementary approach between CCES Community and CCES Management.	4
Focusing on 115 Carnegie R1 universities, we use their 852,181 PubMed-indexed publications based on the first author's affiliation during 2001-15 that were cited at least five times.	2
To depict the diversity of career trajectories and track each individual pattern, I use a 'decorated parallel coordinate plot,' as introduced by Bürgin and Ritschard (2014).	3
The main results can be divided into two: firstly, capital and labor seems to have similar importance in terms of producing scientific output as their magnitudes are similar; and when disaggregated, researchers in the business enterprise have zero output elasticity.	5
The methodological quality of the case-control and cohort studies was evaluated using the Newcastle and Ottawa Scale (NOS) [18], and the quality of the systematic reviews and meta-analyses was assessed by using the Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR) scale [19].	3
China made a rapid progress, but regional distribution remained unbalanced with Hong Kong, and Taiwan, and in total accounted for 47.31% of the published papers.	5
When indicated, the Web of Knowledge (WOK) database platform was used.	2
Over time the journal gradually expanded, publishing 419 articles in 2013, 778 in 2018, 1270 in 2020 and 2480 in 2021.	4
The complete bibliographic information, a link to the original publication on https://www.jmir.org/, as well as this copyright and license information must be included.	0
In this paper, we use data on scientific citations to articles written in the 20 top economic research countries from 126 citing countries between 1970 and 2016.	2
However, in the Polish case, this is true only for male scientists.	5
The data is displayed and numerically fitted on Figs.	3
Despite geographical location and distance still being major barriers for scientific collaboration, little is known about whether high-impact collaborations are similarly constrained by geography compared to collaborations of average impact.	1
Almost half (41%) of K-funded respondents identified as female compared to 23% of independently funded investigators.	4
The analysis presented herein is based on a document- topic matrix of dimensions NDX NT, where ND is the total number of journal articles and NT is the number of topics (20).	0
(2014) to reflect the patenting activity of Spain together with the activity of the Basque Country, a highly industrialised region in Spain, for the time interval 2000–2006.	1
On the one hand, it significantly increases attrition, predicting more than a 10% chance of disappearing permanently from the NIH system.	4
In-depth interviews, using semi-structured questionnaires, were adopted for this study.	2
The reconstructed phylomemy clearly retrieves the five major COVID-19 vaccine platforms in the form of complete branches.	4
Of the 63 titles that were cancelled, two were not indexed by Scopus, 29 had no cited references at all, and CPCR data were available for 32.	4
In this study, content analysis was used to examine features (mentioned element, mentioning form, and mentioning location) and motivations of policy document mention to scholarly papers.	3
In Asia, China, Japan and South Korea were in Top 10 by the number of ophthalmology papers.	4
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald- srm:380143 []	0
Subsequently, a wide range of terminologies for such journals exposes their efforts to conceal their dishonest tactics.	0
To analyse variables associated with article placement order in serial rheumatology journals.	1
In the overall regression results (Table 6), Project-publication year gap is shown to be a significant predictor of the outcome: a unit (one year) increase corresponds to a 0.7% decrease in keyword-matching ratio (95% CI [0.6%, 0.8%]).	4
Between 2015 and 2020, 135 projects were funded.	2
From the archived collection, our crawler retrieved 936,548 items (Webpages, images, documents, etc.), out of which a total of 97,845 images were associated with Yugoslav Websites.	2
In conclusion, the answer to our opening question is yes; calendar events strongly influence the daily variability of the scientific research submissions.	5
Additionally, blacks had lower h-indices than the other ethnic groups across the disciplines surveyed.	4
RQ3: What roles do the outputs of boundary crossing play in the interdisciplinary knowledge flows, and how do these roles vary across target domains?	1
H-index is defined as “the number of papers with citation number higher or equal to h”, and it is “a useful index to characterize the scientific output of a researcher” (Hirsch 2005).	3
In this paper, we suggest that as a result of this distribution model through which funds are fixed for multiple years, the REF operates as an asset-like structure.	1
We sought and downloaded to file the bibliographic details of articles, notes and reviews with at least one address in Malaysia from four three-year periods: 1982–1984; 1992–1994; 2002–2004; and 2012–2014.	2
There is clearly a need to find methods that would allow us to evaluate the transfer of research knowledge into practice, by means of the scientometric perspective.	5
Specific keywords were applied with respective Boolean operators to select the most cited manuscripts (see Table 1 for details about the search strategy).	3
We construct a panel dataset of 14,271 individuals who were awarded Ph.D.s between 1986 and 2000 in U.S. and Canadian economics departments.	2
I am assuming that one reputable journal in the area is known.	0
In the top-10 cited papers, 7 correspond to journals and 3 to conferences.	4
This study aims to understand the contexts and meanings of the term "open banking" and proposes a generalized definition that can be used unambiguously in the academic literature.	1
Based on the networks’ topology and features, we introduced diversity, collaboration, influence, and productivity measures and found a significant increase in the diversity of all the considered networks (authors, countries, and topics) but manifesting a very different network structure.	3
Barrio Minton, Department of Counseling and Higher Education, University of North Texas.	0
There are benefits to users, including users who are practitioners rather than researchers, but I leave those to my readers to fill in.	0
To maximise the effective communication of academic research the priority needs to be put on improved critical review processes, not cost-free access.	4
Present study focuses on collaboration and knowledge structures in an inter-disciplinary research project and proposes an evaluation framework to assist data-driven decision-making in scientific research by measuring the complexity of these structures.	1
The results clearly show an advantage for CC over BC and DC.	5
For reasonable values of T (see caption of Figure 2), in both cases we observe triangular-shaped matrices, indicating that successful nations possess an extremely diversified research system, and that such diversification decreases for less successful nations.	4
In the experiments with name correction, the 27 % and 65.6 % improvements of accuracy on impact factor and immediacy index are obtained.	4
The presented method of evaluating researchers' scientific achievements is based on the data retrieved from the CORA dataset [23].	2
“Partially substantiated” meant that the proposition was mostly substantiated but contained a minor error.	3
To ensure comprehensive actions are pursued, the strategic research agenda identifies six holistic and encompassing priority topics.	1
We calculated the h?-index of each scholar based on the citation information provided by Web of Science database.	2
As shown in Table 3, our findings reflect the predominance of the journal article as the preferred and common research outlet across research disciplines.	4
Our findings suggest that evaluative rewards from innovative and potentially significant ideas are drowned out by evaluative penalties from risky aspects of proposals.	5
Recibido el 22 de julio de 2019; aceptado el 30 de septiembre de 2019	0
The resulting services analyze and package metrics at the author, article, and journal levels with graphical data visualizations to provide researchers with a portfolio-style product they can use to demonstrate their individual scholarly output and research value.	1
Using the Cited Reference Search and examining each cited reference, the author found 25 citations to the hijacked journal received from 18 articles published in 13 SSCI-indexed marketing journals (see Table 1).	4
Canadian geographers are publishing well beyond the field, engaging with much larger audiences, and reaching top journals, to the benefit of the discipline.	5
This paper has extended understanding of the convergence properties arising from the New Zealand PBRFS.	5
Fourteen percent of all COVID-19 case reports have 10 or more authors and 13 manuscripts (1%) have been authored by 20 or more persons.	4
1 GEMASS – CNRS – Sorbonne Université, 59/61 Rue Pouchet, 75017 Paris, France	0
Results suggest that the field of cloud computing displays a significant scientific and technological development with aspects of co-evolution between different fields and technologies.	5
This causes a decrease of the quality of the overall research publications.	0
Stated another way, the improved VIVO Harvester query could accurately retrieve 70% of all citations (Wilcoxon sign-rank test for difference p<0.0001).	4
It seems that authors should not be afraid to mention multiple things within their article titles as this may show more comprehensive research or may relate to more researchers’ topics of interest.	5
The aim of this paper is to determine the scale-invariant properties of the citation-based performance of internationally co-authored articles on Management Information Systems (MIS).	1
Of all 862 articles in the data set, 78% were published with two or more coauthors, and the most important research groups were formed by key authors and their research partners.	4
The lines between nodes reflect the collaborative or co-citation relationship of items.	0
Section 2 presents the findings of previous studies on journal quality and the third section describes the hypotheses and methods of this current study.	0
The coding was not mutually exclusive, thus the overall characteristics can exceed 100%.	0
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
(1) Is there an association between PSWE and future bibliometric performance?	1
The most remarkable finding as shown in Figure 5 was the fact that the impact factors of journals with early view features were higher than the ones without this feature.	4
The concept of activity index (Guan and Ma 2004) has also been used and defined as follows:	3
These data were also obtained for nonfunded faculty from 15 randomly selected departments for comparison, and the average h index for each group was calculated.	2
The AI was officially first introduced in economics by Balasssa, who referred to the index as Revealed Comparative Advantage (RCA; Balassa, 1965).	3
Finally, a linear regression to explain the correlation of these publication practices with the CiteScore in 2016, in a ceteris paribus context, is estimated.	3
The top clusters were led by Yonsei University in South Korea, Grang Luo from the US, and model in institutes, authors, and themes over the past 7 years.	4
Topics having highest mIF were cardiac imaging (2.94), optics (2.86), molecular imaging (2.77), radiation oncology (2.60), and neuroradiology (2.25).	4
F. Narin is president of CHI Research/Computer Horizons, 10 White Horse Pike, Haddon Heights, NJ 08035.	0
No doubt it would have been advantageous to advance a probability model with a less restrictive postulate, yet it is common practice in mathematical modeling to admit a set of 'simplifying assumptions' that may be less than fully realistic.	0
Walktrap community detection algorithm is used for clustering the nodes1?.	3
In the social sciences, the average CD index plummeted from about 0.5 in 1950 to about 0.05 in 2010.	4
We analyzed the effect of reviewers' recommendation and inter-reviewer variability on manuscripts acceptance rate using a logistic regression with final review outcome ('accept' or 'reject') as the response variable and the combination of reviewer recommendations (ten levels) as an independent variable.	3
There was much less attention given to business models for open access and critical perspectives on open science, but open data sharing, preprinting, information quality and misinformation became most prominent in debates.	4
We have collected research output in field of social science from PLOS ONE for the authors from China and the United States.	2
On the one hand, to offer a global perspective of the knowledge transfer carried out by Spanish universities, understood as the influence that their scientific publications have on patents, that is, on those publications that are cited by the patents, and within these, the impact that this transfer has on the field of medicine, since it is one of the most important research activities in Spain.	1
Important parameters were the type of open access (for example green or gold open access, open access journals or closed-access journals with a hybrid open access option), whether there are associated costs, how the articles are licensed and other interesting or important aspects if applicable.	3
America located at the central point in global collaboration and scholarship network.	4
Data are derived from the international Scopus and Web of Science databases.	2
Table 2 provides definitions for the variables used in our models.	0
Bibliometrics is the science that studies, in a statistical way, the written publications of a certain field of research, and it is considered one of the few interdisciplinary research fields that can be extended to almost all scientific areas.	3
There were 2,396 publications from 60 countries in 384 journals with an impact factor.	4
The description and explanation of the technical terms used in this study are presented in Table 1.	0
By way of illustration, if a professor was mentioned in a list of conference attenders, a call for papers (CFP), workshop, task force meeting, seminar, transcript of a conference speech, or was cited as a panelist, program committee chair, or program committee member, the category “conference” was used.	0
2), while the homophily of connections within Italians seems to be high (see the inter-connectivity of red nodes in most parts of the graph).	4
Using a panel of citations to economics and business journals, we show that the enormous effects found in previous studies were an artifact of their failure to control for article quality, disappearing once fixed effects are added as controls.	1
A social constructivist approach (Charmaz 2006, 2008) has been a popular choice in science education as many science education researchers feel that constructivism (Bodner et al.	3
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2021	0
The objective of this paper is to explore the completeness and accuracy of WoS in extracting and processing funding acknowledgment data.	1
The studies published in OA journals and in non-OA journals in the field of oncology in 2013 approach the same methodological quality and quality of reporting	5
Despite the disadvantages of predator journals, the rise of OA journals in terms of number and quality is likely to continue.	5
In terms of content analysis, the commonly referred thematic fields of dentistry, such as cariology, orthodontology and endodontology, were adopted in the present study to classify the included RCTs.	3
In order to reduce this distortion, the journal can increase its quality standard so that a larger range of quality achieved from the review outcome is observable.	5
The secondary objective was to analyze the characteristics of the journal in which they were eventually published which is thought to enable us to determine the circumstances and attributes under which the rejected article was accepted by another journal.	1
The literature suggests that the extent of RIMS use may vary by the researcher's seniority and discipline.	0
So, the harmonic counting method is employed to give credit to the different authors of a paper in our research.	3
For words and citations, a reasonable conjecture is that a given object both dense and segregated tends to be retrieved by both ways.	4
Bibliometric data were extracted from the Web of Science Core Collection of Thomson Reuters (Web of Science).	2
Peak-Time was the year when the article was more heavily cited.	3
Through the analysis of WoS indexed 2010–2017 Italian publications, we have found that 3.6 percent of total Italian publications are authored by the private sector.	4
In conclusion, this study presented a comprehensive review of the journal, both supporting the Tatnall and Fluck (2022) study and presenting divergent findings.	5
Em termos dos dados provenientes do Catálogo de Teses e Disserta??es da CAPES foi feito o levantamento de teses e disserta??es no dia 20 de junho de 2022 com dados relativos às teses e disserta??es publicadas até o ano de 2021.	2
The list of author affiliations is available in the full article online.	0
We compared topics generated with ATM on dataset collected with TRS PIs and topics generated with ATM on dataset collected with a TRS keyword list.	4
Most UK academics use one or more forms of social media for work-related purposes, but creation is less common.	4
Furthermore, in the systematic literature review, bibliometric analysis is often used to visualize results (Linnenluecke et al., 2023).	3
Our benchmark dataset is composed of 68 awardees.	2
Redundant keyword and title do not significantly contribute to the impact of the paper.	4
the number of article citations (CI), refers to the number of times each article in our dataset has been cited in Scopus by December 27th 2012.	2
The interviewees are predominantly associates or full professors and come from various scientific domains, from social sciences to life sciences (see Table 2 for more details).	2
Thus, the goal of this study is to understand the evolving characteristics of disciplines through faculty hiring data.	1
Finally, cluster analysis was used to visualize the overall similarity among rankings based on seven indicators.	3
The findings contribute to the sociology of scientific knowledge and science and technology studies, which have concentrated on academic recognition in the realm of research, but paid less attention to such recognition in organizational contexts.	5
Microsoft Academic contains 11,886,288 documents published in English with publication years from 2015 to 2019.	2
Flow diagram of data retrieval and filtration of breast cancer research in Pakistan.	0
Network analysis was undertaken with igraph in R (Csárdi and Nepusz</PERSON> 2006).	3
Our analysis is based an original dataset - combined from dissertation abstracts, faculty directories and bibliometric data - covering nearly 20,000 PhD graduates and their advisors from U.S. chemistry departments.	2
Received October 6, 2000; revised January 2, 2001; accepted January 11, 2001	0
Thanks to Random Projection (Achlioptas 2003; Johnson and Lindenstrauss 1984), we can dramatically reduce the dimensionality of this semantic space, obtaining a much smaller and manageable sized semantic matrix yet keeping the semantics of the entities as much as possible.	3
The scientific age of an author for the purpose of calculating the time-oriented h index was determined by checking for the oldest publication on an author's personal publication list as taken from his or her institutional or personal website.	3
There are some limitations of the proposed method since coword analysis does not necessarily reflect the true meaning of character relationship.	5
This systematic literature review was carried out to evaluate the utility of social networks as a change implementation tool in Indian healthcare.	1
The large majority of these are researchers within the social sciences and the humanities, where the ISI coverage of the research literature is poor.	0
Iceland was not included because of its small size (281,000 inhabitants in 2000).	0
This paper has demonstrated, by means of four countries and two subject areas, that it is possible to analyse the relative scientific contributions made by women and men, and by researchers who have come from another country.	5
Since 2010, papers in journals have received more than 60 % of the citations.	4
conference proceedings, government documents, or magazine articles) they read in the last month.	3
KEYWORDS citation analysis, business school, marketing citations, finance citations, management citations	0
The situation calls for an immediate attention for enhancing research productivity of the scientists of National Agricultural Research System of the country.	5
Received 19 February 2022; Received in revised form 13 April 2022; Accepted 13 April 2022	0
This study utilizes CiteSpace (6.2.R6), VOSviewer (1.6.20), and RStudio Bibliometrix (4.4.0) to import collected literature data.	3
Incentives and stakeholder involvement were seen as ways to enhance the quality and impartiality of peer review.	4
As part of the living mapping of the COVID-NMA initiative, we identify biweekly all COVID-19 vaccine trials and automatically extract data from the EU clinical trials registry, ClinicalTrials.gov, IRCT and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform.	2
The negative slope of each line equals –β/(1 – β), which measures the rate of substitution permitted between ??(x) and ?w(x).	3
On average, the IMISCOE books have been downloaded 583 times from January 2011 until August 2012.	4
During the study period, 156 medical students held a position of obstetrics resident in the tertiary university hospital department.	2
A programme is considered progressive when it makes novel predictions and has (at least some of) these predictions confirmed/corroborated.	3
Then for each period we identify the TSs as those placing among the top 10% by FSS, in each SDS.	3
This would be a top to bottom scoring strategy and is equivalent to a weight and deduct approach.	3
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
We retrieved 3 689 documents: for the half century covered, the yearly presence of Cambodia in the index has grown strongly, to 325 articles and 6 555 authors in 2019 alone.	2
We find that better peer-review scores are consistently associated with better research outcomes and that this relationship persists even when we include detailed controls for an investigator's publication history, grant history, institutional affiliations, career stage, and degree types.	4
More specifically, 93.5% (1023 of 1094) documents show that journal publication is, in most universities, a mandatory requirement for doctoral students in order to graduate.	4
We evaluate our method using a data set of influencer video ads on the original Chinese version of TikTok (referred to as TikTok for brevity hereafter) and their corresponding product sales revenue on Taobao from May to November 2019.	2
Spearman coefficient was calculated to determine the correlation between citation counts or impact factor and other variables.	3
An email invitation to participate in an online journal ranking was sent to 1195 respondents, followed by two reminders.	2
To understand the differences between the sub-fields, the Kruskal-Wallis test was conducted.	3
In summary, social media metrics are socially constructed in impact evaluation.	5
Does the new diversity measure improve on the measurement of interdisciplinarity in comparison to RS diversity?	1
Inspired by the concept of “potential energy” in physics, we propose a new indicator to measure the "direction" of interdisciplinary knowledge diffusion named “disciplinary potential energy” (DPE).	1
Tables 1 and 2 report the results of various specifications, all estimated with OLS (Linear Probability Model).	3
Understanding international scientific collaboration as a system of exchange carries implications for the management of policies directed toward enhancing national innovation systems.	5
The analysis was based on a random sample of U.S. authors with registered publications in both WoS and GS.	2
We can also reliably predict the merging between two fields, but not for the considerably more complex splitting.	4
The UK ranks first and is followed by Germany, Spain, Turkey, and the Netherlands which all have more than 3,000 publications in educational research.	4
In this study, we will examine InCites' Essential Science Indicators (ESI) and the extent to which these potential pitfalls can cause errors and omissions.	1
Our study aimed to evaluate the trends of post retraction citations of articles reporting a radiology-imaging diagnostic method and to find if a different pattern exists between manuscripts reporting an ultrasound method and those reporting other radiology diagnostic methods.	1
The bibliometric data was collected from nine top journals, both discipline specific—Journal of International Business Studies (JIBS), Journal of International Management (JIM) and Management International Review (MIR)—and others known to publish IB studies—Academy of Management Journal (AMJ), Academy of Management Review (AMR), Administrative Science Quarterly (ASQ), Management Science (MS), Organization Science (OS) and Strategic Management Journal (SMJ).	2
12 The percentage (ratio) in the articles with 9 and 16 authors is 0 because of the small number of articles and rounding up.	0
The number of network nodes in the three stages is 145, 242, and 349, and the number of nodes is gradually increasing.	4
It is therefore proposed to develop ethical assessment models and integrate them into the overall university rankings.	5
Papers published from 2001 to 2020 were collected among the papers related to fuel cell vehicles, along with text information, citation information, and author information.	2
Librarians at research institutions are in a prime position to support researchers in their selection of quality journals for publication, as well as provide training and access to resources that allow a researcher to select quality journals independently.	5
What and who do we measure (and assess), against what do we assess?	0
Although a large gap remains between mainland China and the global community, the gastroenterology and hepatology research from China is gradually recognized by the world.	5
INO-P refers to “the share of the papers published in the journal.	3
An integrated data set of all Polish scientists with their administrative, biographical, publication, and citation data is used in this study (the Polish Science Observatory data set maintained by the authors includes 99,535 scientists and 377,886 Scopus-indexed publications published in the decade 2009-2018).	2
This study aims to examine the effects of international research collaboration on the policy impact of research (as measured by the number of citations in policy documents) using a causal inference approach.	1
The dummy variable for a region was set to 1 if the research output was in that region, 0 otherwise	0
The reader is encouraged to recognize the variety of types of page present from their descriptions in the table.	0
Specifically, six papers have no FT information collected and one paper has collected the FT information incorrectly.	4
Tree of Science (ToS) is a web-based tool which uses the network structure of paper citation to identify relevant literature.	1
We selected all papers published between 2013 and 2015 in five ecological journals: Ecology, Ecology Letters, Oikos, Oecologia and Acta Oecologica.	2
In departments of psychiatry, 534 faculty received an NIH individual career development award during the 10-year period (534/33,392 or 1.6%), with 118 (22%) to physicians.	4
Participants expressed dissatisfaction with peer review in general, citing overly critical and poorly informed reviewers.	4
Quantity of publications was measured by counting the number of publications attributable to a country while h-index was extracted to measure quality.	3
Citations to papers were counted using a fixed 5-year time window which included the year of publication plus four additional years.	3
To examine our second hypothesis we explore how a researcher's position in his/her co-authorship network influences his/her scientific output by computing two measures related to their network position: betweenness centrality (BetweenCent) and cliquishness or clustering coefficient (Cliquishness).	3
National Research Council of Italy, P.le Aldo Moro 7, 00185 Rome, Italy	0
To better explore the combinations of factors that contribute to the high research performance of visiting scholars after academic mobility, this study takes visiting scholars and postdoctoral researchers who received CSC mobility funds as research subjects.	1
In order to cross-check and validate data collected from RAD, complementary searches (affiliation: University of Vienna or University Wien) were performed in SSCI and A&HCI.	3
18.4% invalid AIFs of a total of n = 179 evaluable AIFs.	4
The mean (SD) knowledge score was 4.54 (1.78) out of 10.	4
We first searched each journal by entering its title in Google's search engine, and then entered its home page to collect associated information, like publication cycle, journal language, publisher, editorial board, authors, and journal website.	3
Thirdly, these effects hold across various scientific domains and scientists with different impacts, suggesting strong generalizability of our findings.	4
The collaboration between scholars in management science and information science accounts for the highest proportion.	4
While primary-level and meta-analysis estimates based on self-reports indicate that 30–40% of researchers engage in HARKing, the number is likely higher because only a minority of researchers are likely to admit openly that they engaged in this practice (Banks, O’Boyle et al., 2016; Bedeian, Taylor, & Miller, 2010; Fanelli, 2009).	4
We conclude that the three measures of scientific merit considered here are poor; in particular subjective assessments are an error-prone, biased, and expensive method by which to assess merit.	5
The first author's H-index significantly correlated with citation count while journal impact factor, years since publication, first author's gender, and the number of authors did not have a significant association with the number of citations.	4
The history of the origin and transformation of the ISSN Register is considered, and all publications available through Google Scholar and Semantic Scholar on the number of ISSN records and their dynamics are collected together.	1
Purpose - This article suggests strategies for the usage of open access institutional repositories (OAIR) at university libraries in Ghana.	1
This study paid more attention to learning behaviours and verified the role of family socioeconomic status in academic help-seeking behaviours of college students, filling a research gap in this area.	5
The relative publication performance of post-communist countries in the WoS is strongest in natural sciences and engineering.	4
Step 1: In WoS Core Collection search 1995-2019 in years published.	2
I thank Elhanan Adler for pointing me to the Googlebomb of the query "Jew."	0
For content signal, the Sci-Bert (Beltagy et al., 2019) serves as the pre-trained model to obtain the content embedding of papers using their title, abstract, and keywords, as shown in Fig 4A.	3
Address queries to Nancy Da Silva, San Jose State University, One Washington Square, San Jose, CA 95192–0070; telephone: (408) 924–7798; fax: (408) 924–3555; email: Nancy.Dasilva@sjsu.edu.	0
We used a linked dataset of more than 4 million authors and 26 million scientific papers to quantify trends in cumulative citation inequality and concentration at the author level.	1
., t) we have that s1 > t1, ..., sk > t implies_s1~t1, ..., sK~tK.	3
Drawing upon Zhang et al. (2022) research, given the minimal information load within single sentences, this research utilized pre-trained models for subsequent classification: BERT (Devlin et al., 2019), SciBERT (Beltagy et al., 2019), XLNet (Yang et al., 2019), and T5 (Raffel et al., 2020).	3
Specifically, we use academic collaboration as a diffusion path for scientific innovation, because the process of scientific collaboration is accompanied by the dissemination, sharing, and exchanging of explicit and tacit knowledge among scientists (Eslami, Ebadi, & Schiffauerova, 2013).	3
Results from multivariate regressions and nonparametric analyses show that, contrary to common assumptions, Colombian research teams collaborating with partners from the global South report higher scientific production, while those collaborating with Northern countries seem to contribute to local knowledge the most.	4
In this paper, the top ten occurrences of the tf-idf (term frequency–inverse document frequency) value in each cluster are regarded as terms characteristic of that cluster.	0
In addition, in order to evaluate the performance of each authors and countries in the network, the micro-level indicators such as degree centrality, closeness centrality and betweenness centrality as well as productivity index were used.	3
A maximum spanning tree method is employed to extract paths in the weighted, directed, and cyclic networks.	3
Gather data to calculate the CDL-WVA score of serials.	3
In the first round of Jiangsu high-level university construction, the teaching and internationalization levels of the participating universities are rather low.	5
(1) AuthorRank cannot replace PageRank for publication ranking.	5
The use of the CHH index could help in defining a proper comparison set, not based (only) on SSDs when evaluating researchers, embracing also researchers from institutions for which the official disciplinary classification is not available.	5
In an unpublished policy document, Sekhwela (2011) states that the realization of UBRISA requires institution-wide support, with different stakeholders performing different roles.	3
Using a selection of general science journals, general medical journals and specialized medical journals, this paper analyses four indicators of epistemic community formation: Synchronous, diachronous, immediate, and continuants.	1
The discovered developmental trajectories indeed encode the interactions among science, technology, and industry.	4
Results are consistent with the existence of an oligarchic academic community that shows a strong and positive association with measures of local influence, but that is decoupled from measures of scholarly contribution.	4
This essay examines the case of the Russian quality assurance system in addressing how bureaucratic mechanisms diminish the role of peer review even if the procedure is nominally based on professional judgment.	1
A bespoke corpus of 1600 titles was constructed and included two subcorpora: RA titles and DD titles (800 per group).	2
Using current semantic linkages data collected in Socionet we present some statistical experiments, including examples of indicators based on two data sets: (a) what objects are linked and (b) what scientific relationships (semantics) are expressed by the linkages.	4
Since the MNCS is based on arithmetic averages despite skewed citation distributions, we recommend using PP top 10 % for fair comparisons of entities in economics.	5
Therefore, this study aimed to identify the 50 top-cited spine papers originating from mainland China, to analyze their main characteristics and to provide a unique insight into mainland China's most important contributions to the spine research field.	1
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
The research ethics committee of Larestan University of Medical Sciences certified the survey study.	0
Based on the entire population of Nobel laureates in science from 1901 to 2017, we show that North America's rise as global power in science started in the 1920s.	1
Notes: Standard errors in parentheses (*p < 0.05, **p < 0.01, ***p < 0.001).	0
Subsequently, Seglen (1992) showed similar trends for citation distributions of journals, with only 15% of articles accounting for 50% of the citations.	0
As can be seen, we found that the tweets and Mendeley reader counts of OA books are higher than non-OA books, but the citation of non-OA books is higher than OA books.	4
I used the public database of NRF ratings assigned to 4176 South African researchers, available at www.nrf.ac.za, which was last updated on 30 June 2020.	2
By refining the document types (as mentioned in the limitations of the study), these 150 papers were then reduced to 124.	2
This paper presents bibliometric analysis of the journal from its inception through 2016.	1
Therefore, using the case of the interdisciplinary Boysen-TU Dresden Research Group, a framework for measuring interdisciplinary understanding (MIU) is presented.	2
The relationship between the IF of a journal and the number of published articles, the IF of a journal and the number of citations of each published article, were analyzed using Pearson correlation.	3
(2002), the log-log plot of this figure can be divided into three quasi-linear zones.	3
Bradford's Law of Scattering was applied to the cited journals in legal TDs with a view to (1) identifying core journals, (2) determining the extent of overlap of core journals among the LS and (3) determining the conformity of the cited journals to the Law of Scattering.	3
To address the concern that PLOS ONE publishes a smaller share of high-impact papers than more selective journals such as Science or Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), we also performed our analyses using the top 10% of papers in terms of average annual citations, with very similar results (see the Supplementary Materials).	2
With diversity at universities, both in the UK and around the world, being reported as low, it was decided to make DE&I one of the main areas of enquiry for the seventh Wiley Society Member Survey, conducted in May 2021.	1
However, VIF values revealed that there was a multicollinearity problem between the independent variables and their interaction terms with the web.	0
Our findings indicate that the attitudes and behaviours of Malaysian ECRs in relation to scholarly communication ethics have changed in the passage of one year.	4
The commercial citation database, Scopus from Elsevier, was the primary source of data.	2
In fact, our results show that in the quest for the research money it is more important how researchers build their collaboration network than what publications they produce and whether they are cited.	5
Journal articles have the least concentrated citation distribution in the sciences, while books play a more important role than other document types in the humanities.	4
VOSviewer v.1.6.5 was used to construct scientific maps.	3
In-depth semi-structured interviews were undertaken with 26 editors and other editorial board members of a number of prestigious tourism journals.	3
To make the estimates more objective, we will average the available data for different global rankings.	3
Despite the growth in publication productivity, the apparent influence of foreign drivers on, and the likely associated dependence on foreign principal investigators for high citation impact, holds risk for South African science.	5
This points us toward, rather, utilizing nonpartial lotteries that use little peer review for research evaluation beyond initial screening processes.	5
Our results strongly indicate that the COUNTER data currently available to university libraries does not enable libraries to reliably compare the value of journals received from different publishers.	5
Sci-Hub appears to be complementing the legal gold-green open access for less covered disciplines in them.	5
Most were editor-in-chiefs (n=39), men (n=40) and worked part time (n=50).	2
The elite academic life scientist sample includes 12,935 individuals, which corresponds to roughly 5 percent of the entire relevant labor market.	2
The general aim of this experiment, which was carried out in the peer-review process for a conference, was to demonstrate the feasibility and value of metascientific experiments on the peer-review process and thereby encourage research that will lead to understanding its mechanisms and determinants, effectively contextualizing it in psychological theories of various biases, and developing practical procedures to increase its utility.	1
Overall, KU Libraries provided access to 88% to the journal articles and books cited in the NIH and NSF applications sampled for the study.	4
In total, over the period 1992–2001, we selected 378,936 editorial materials from the database.	2
The RISmed R package, and a custom Python script were used to fetch metadata on articles indexed in PubMed and published on Rxiv preprint server.	3
Line is a LOESS (locally estimated scatterplot smoothing) curve with 95% confidence intervals (in grey).	0
3, most LIA journals have a positive JDC, and only 5 journals have a negative JDC.	4
The gender of the first and corresponding author was determined using the method of Mimouni et al.	3
To this end, we draw upon patents, patent citations, and patent classification codes as proxies used for the development of indicators enabling assessing, monitoring, and visualizing the emergence of a novel technology network.	3
The United States is the center and the inner circle consists of the nine countries with the highest measures of degree centrality.	4
Among the 91 different journals, Acta Botanica Brasilica (77 papers), Rodriguésia (56) and Revista árvore (31) were the core sources according to Bradford's Law, i.e.	4
7 is the green one, which clearly demonstrates a continual rise in annual citations without declining within the 30-years period after publication.	4
Each society determines what content will be available through J-STAGE, which is operated by the Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST), an affiliate of the Ministry of Education, and whether any restrictions should apply.	0
To examine the most frequent journals in which Icahn School of Medicine scientists published in, we used the "analyze results" function in Scopus which allows downloading the list of top journals and subject areas in the set.	3
The text of an article was built concatenating its title and abstract.	2
In this paper, we set out to identify the diversity-innovation paradox in science and explain why it arises.	1
It needs to be noted that while, due to the periodic SJR updates which include retrospective data, the data of the present study may not coincide exactly with those given on the portal, they will basically be the same.	0
The figures used in this analysis are based on fractional counts.	3
The statistical inference is restricted to WoS as a data source, as only WoS was sampled, while Scopus data was subsequently linked to these sampled records.	0
R series grants accounted for three-quarters of all funding.	4
2 Study design of the top 100 most cited articles in female pelvic medicine and reconstructive surgery (FPMRS)	0
The increase in collaborative research in economics has been associated with the increase in research productivity, the shape of academic career paths as well as with the administration of economics departments.	5
It also proposes how to select the promising technology clusters based on the proposed model.	1
The agreement was 86.6% (95% CI: 80.6% to 91.8%) when using the two reviews of the panel members.	4
We believe further investigations should be made on larger datasets of more institutions from developing countries to further support our findings.	5
This cross-sectional study was completed using an online self-administered survey hosted on REDCap (REDCap – Research Electronic Data Capture, Vanderbilt, Nashville, Tennessee, USA, www.projectREDCap.org/).	3
We shed light on this question by conducting a randomized controlled trial at the Conference on Uncertainty in Artificial Intelligence (UAI) 2022 conference where reviewer discussions were conducted over a typed forum.	1
The data set contains 3 297 544 bibliographies of 1 735 884 authors from 1971 to 2016.	2
Nearly all journals named translation quality as the main challenge.	4
The most striking result of our analysis is that papers containing a genus or species name in their title – those referencing a specific study organism by its taxonomic name fared more poorly during editorial review (Fig.	5
The interpretation of the data in the profiles will be illustrated for the entries in Table 5.	0
The rating contains data from 163 Ukrainian universities, but for the purpose of this analysis we will use only 142, excluding institutions of higher education in the Crimea and certain areas of Donetsk and Lugansk regions, since the statistics from those institutions are not available.	2
While the landscape has changed to a digital one, it can be concluded that locations still matter when it comes to fulfilling the research missions of the university.	5
The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.1007/s11192-019-03107-x) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Internal collaboration does not account for a large proportion of the overall scientific collaboration.	4
When normalized by GDP, Denmark ranked the first (23.56), followed by The Netherlands (17.18) and Belgium (15.32).	4
In the following, we present the common field classification scheme developed for professors from both countries, and the research performance indicator.	0
The total N amounts to 4,775 for the two years combined.	2
An analysis about the precision and recall of this query system has been conducted on the data retrieved from WOS (61,635 journal articles), according to the definition cited in Section 2.1.	3
A comprehensive list of open-access psychiatry journals was accessed (6- 12 November 2012) from Ulhrich's Periodicals Dictionary (ulrichsweb.serial-solutions.com) and the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ; www.	2
Our results confirm previous assumptions that relate replication to impact (Dewald et al., 1986; Furman et al., 2012; Hamermesh, 2007, 2017).	5
To recalibrate the value of a given performance indicator, only the top 25 percent of individual publication performance was considered.	3
To introduce bias, we used a framework that relied on the notion by Ioannidis (2005) that showed why most research is more likely to be false than true.	3
This article presents a scientometric analysis of Current Science.	1
All article reviews were performed under the Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine Library subscription to the National Library of Medicine's PubMed database.	0
The false discovery measures the proportion of false positives from positive findings in multiple testing conditions (Rouam, 2013) and can be computed by estimating the likelihood of a false positive finding as a fraction of the likelihood of finding both a true and a false positive (Colquhoun, 2014).	3
Here we investigate a new class of funding models in which all scientists individually participate in the allocation of research funding.	1
A total of 17,622 articles from the period 1972 to 2020 with a total of 300,918 references were recorded using the search string.	2
The strength of the socio-economic bias varied between publishers, as indicated by the significant interaction between socio-economic status and publisher (F4,40 = 4.55; p = 0.004).	4
Analysis of the 4,619 articles making up the corpus identified that these were generated by 12,816 authors, with 491 contributing to three or more articles.	2
To investigate how preprints have changed upon publication, we compared abstracts, figures, and tables of bioRxiv and medRxiv preprints with their published counterparts to determine the degree to which the top-line results and conclusions differed between versions.	1
This study used a set of 5 static and 8 time-dependent citation features to explore six machine learning methods and identify the method with the best performance to identify potentially excellent papers.	1
Given the disruptions COVID-19 caused to normal research processes, including international collaboration, this study sought to understand scientists' experiences collaborating internationally during the pandemic on COVID-19-related research.	1
on the predicted probability of containing five self-citations or more.	3
However, document co-citation networks have the potential to help users supplement standard literature reviews by accessing scholarship that bridges historically segregated communities.	5
We found that researchers with high extensity cen trality-Newman contribute to the diffusion of acquired knowledge to other scholars in network, making them effective “knowledge gatekeepers”.	5
To provide a comprehensive view toward the connections of finite mixture model study using network mapping.	1
We initially collected the names of the top 100 economists from the list of “Top 5% Authors, as of January 2009 (average rank)” as provided by IDEAS (http://ideas.repec.org).	2
1 Department of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, The Royal London Hospital, Whitechapel Road, London E1 1BB, UK	0
Harzing's Publish or Perish software was used to extract the publication and citation data from Google Scholar for 2011–2016.	3
Editorials, articles on surgical ethics and letters to the editor were excluded.	0
A total of 662 articles were obtained from PubMed and 558 from EMBASE.	2
In order to draw conclusions on the generality of the observations for our research team (and that of Sobolewski in Poland), we extended and diversified the analysis to four more research groups, to include active research groups from both economically advanced and developing countries.	3
Moreover, the impact of the EDs published in Y-3 more heavily influences the CiteScore of Y than the traditional JIF of Y with the citation window expanded so that it covers Y-3 to Y.	4
This paper presents and evaluates a set of methods to classify individual Scopus publications using their references back to the second generation, where each publication can be assigned fractionally into up to five ASJC (All Science Journal Classifications) categories, excluding the Multidisciplinary area and the miscellaneous categories.	1
Michael Hadani is an assistant professor of management at Long Island University, CW Post.	0
JIF of subspecialty journal Retina rose from 0.740 (rank 23) in 2000 to 3.088 in 2007 (rank 6).	4
In this paper, we have used a protocol based on matrix normalization and multiplication so that totalized input and output measures can be obtained and comparative research evaluation can be facilitated.	5
The analysis of the automatically extracted entities revealed differences and distinct patterns in the distribution of acknowledged entities of different types between different scientific domains.	5
Each document in RISC has its document type: research article, review, short communication, conference paper, letter, research report, book review, abstract, editorial, biographical item; monograph, article collection, textbook, dictionary or reference book, brochure, guidelines; conference proceedings; thesis; patent; research project report; preprint.	3
2, member 16 and 18 have the highest degree centrality mainly because they are the common member of Group A, B and C and they contact frequently and broadly with other members.	4
2012; Hussein 2016)— to calculate the semantic similarity among these documents set.	3
The following information was obtained for original articles submitted to the AJO-DO in 2008: (1) for rejected articles: the reasons for rejection and the journal of subsequent publication when applicable; (2) for accepted articles: the number of revisions and the time elapsed to publication; and (3) for all articles: study topic, study design, area of origin, and statistically significant findings.	3
*** p < 0.01, ** p < 0.05, * p < 0.1	0
The total number of articles in the data for 2015 is 1,514.	2
This work proposes a novel "output-to-input-oriented" approach, which permits identification of research strengths and weaknesses on the basis of the ratios of top scientists and highly cited articles to research expenditures in each field.	1
The examples given above may be regarded as a simple dynamic model only.	0
Our goal was to use a data-driven approach to determine the factors that influence early citations of publications within the field of wildlife management based on a cohort of publications in The Journal of Wildlife Management (JWM) from 2011 to 2015.	1
Finally, the article discusses the contribution of these original networks to the analyze of scientific production and its dynamics.	5
Descriptive statistical analysis was conducted with some non-parametric tests.	3
Grounded theory techniques allow social mechanisms of transdisciplinary to be measurable social phenomena with preorienting theory biasing the inquiry.	3
Word co-occurrence analysis established a slight shift of focus in the research topics published during the last four years studied, as a new cluster was formed with terms related to “education”, “intervention” and “implementation”.	4
Heyrovsky was awarded the Nobel prize in chemistry in 1959, which led to the intensive development of different versions of polarography and voltammetry, as well as of potentiometry, including potentiometry with ion-selective electrodes (in the 1970s and 1980s), and other electrochemical methods of analysis.	0
In this article, we examine this issue by exploring the functions of non-mainstream journals in scientific communication.	1
When controlling for citation inflation, it is evident that, across all disciplines, annual citations exhibit a clear life cycle pattern: after publication, articles begin to be read and cited; eventually, the number of citations reaches a peak, after which it declines.	4
In order to examine potential effects of methodological choices influencing developments in relative citation scores for countries, a fixed journal set comprising of 3232 journals continuously indexed in the Web of Science from 1981 to 2014 is constructed.	1
This comparative analysis at multiple levels allowed us to position the situation of cardiovascular research R01s, from within the big picture of NIH funding to looking at specific trends at the level of particular areas of investigation within Vascular Biology and Hypertension Branch.	1
2, we have the opposite result for the between index as the value for EWA is greater than for EWR for all selected categories.	4
The average excluding nil values succeeds in appropriately rescaling the productivity values for very top scientists in general and outliers in particular, making it possible to obtain an objective comparison of their performance, independent of the SDSs to which they belong.	5
Nursing management, nursing leadership/leaders, nursing human resource management, nursing quality and safety management, nursing communication, and conflict management have always been popular topics in Journal of Nursing Management.	5
An example of an available document base is the collection of scientific publications in the Scientific Electronic Library, e-library.ru.	2
We collected detailed information on the peer review level (editorial, external), location (national, international), type (single blind, double blind, open), type of papers undergoing peer review process (original scientific articles, original scientific and professional articles, all published papers), and number of peer reviewers (one, two, three or more).	3
Moreover, MAS divided Computer Science domain into 24 fields and assigned each paper to one or more such fields (see Table 1 for 24 fields and the percentage of papers per field).	2
Moreover, the correlations between citations, views, saves, and shares also demonstrate the need to consider article types when assessing the validity of altmetrics.	5
Data Availability Statement: The labeled data set used to support the findings of this study are available from the corresponding author upon request.	0
KEYWORDS: periodic table; Dmitri Ivanovich Mendeleev; Julius Lothar Meyer; Russian Chemical Society; social context of science	0
Although the advanced nations published the lion’s share of the OA-APC papers and exhibited the highest growth, the underdeveloped groups have been displaying high OA growth rates.	4
Mendel, Yager and Pedrycz are the top three most productive TFS authors and they are followed by Shi, Feng, Herrera, Tong, Bezdek, Chen and Keller.	4
In total, 96,920 articles were published between 2001 and 2015 in 74 anaesthetic and in 4117 non-anaesthetic journals, with an increase of +104% absolute (i.e.	4
This bibliometric analysis is part of the global NewQis-project and should illuminate both toxic and historic issues of research on curare.	1
We analyzed the quality of publications as measured by the Journal Citation Reports journal rankings in the WOS for each of their 256 categories.	3
Consequently, our approach is applied to a data set comprising 1138 papers published in 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 and having Economics as the main subject matter.	2
As the findings of our small study on a subgroup of HCR have shown, the researching of additional data can provide interesting insights into HCR.	5
This study explored the characteristics of retractions in medical journals published in Korea through the KoreaMed database.	1
Manuscripts that were written by a single author appeared to have some advantages over manuscripts that were written by multiple authors.	5
The second PC highlights the difference between the EM-index and the three indices based on publications (YP_h, YP_EM' and YP_EM).	4
Overall, the Beall's List journals are cited at far lower rates than the Scopus journals—an average of 3.8 citations per article rather than 11.2.	4
Specifically, universities located in the big cities with longer time in operation and larger size had higher level of international publication.	4
Therefore, we introduce the collaboration index, which includes collaboration degree, collaboration rate and degree centrality of a node, to elucidate the collaboration situation and characteristics of researches on major public health emergencies, as well as to provide insight into the attribute characteristics of each country or region in the collaboration network.	3
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 19, 20, and 21).	4
relationships will be examined in the multivariate analyses that follow, I note here that these relationships remain for both sociology and linguistics but are slightly stronger in sociology.	0
The number of ophthalmology papers increased from 7450 to 9089 during 2007 to 2017.	4
We would like to thank Kelsey Medeiros, Logan Steele, Alison Antes, Jason Borenstein, Jeffrey Engler, Michael Kalichman, Brian Martinson, and Michael Verderame for their contributions to the present effort.	0
The comparison of average (a) and median (b) of information entropy in citing sentences and abstracts.	0
The results showed significant differences between impact ranks using both indicators.	4
RQ3: Are female first author citation advantages higher in narrow fields with a greater proportion of women?	1
As far as international collaboration is concerned, approximately 26% of the documents published by JIPH were the product of an international collaboration.	4
We use qualitative and quantitative approaches to examine the relations between expectations of outcomes of public science and the existing research landscape.	3
The evidence showed that review papers play a critical role in creating strong links among studies in the long-term perspective.	4
We and other research team members conducted in-person and telephone interviews with 60 academic scientists in 14 STEM disciplines in 13 US states.	2
Received 18 October 2016; Received in revised form 27 July 2017; Accepted 24 August 2017	0
Finally, the examples of data visualization we present here suggest that linking the data contained in rankings like SIR is an effective way to bootstrapping the bare indicators.	5
Furthermore, TE research fronts abroad are moving towards the development of teachers' professional abilities, while TE research in Taiwan is moving towards the development of curriculum and textbook content.	5
Multiple regression analyses were carried out in order to investigate the influence English proficiency, h-index of supervisors and use of language editing assistance had on the number and impact of student publications.	3
Research on publication practices across disciplines, and over several decades, continues to show that English is the dominant language of publication, even for researchers whose first language is not English.	4
The top-cited articles were published in 49 journals, and the most frequently cited journal was Sleep (23 articles).	4
The United States contributed 28.8% to the overall output, followed by the United Kingdom (8.2%) and Japan (7.7%).	4
This work aims to navigate this impasse, shedding light on a topic as complex as it is contentious.	1
Growth of open-access journal publication for biomedical sciences has been significant over the past decade, currently accounting for 17% of published articles and has the potential to be disruptive technology.	4
The SEM analysis of IS utilization model is depicted in Fig.	0
As has been previously discussed (Haustein et al., 2014; Wouters & Costas, 2012), data quality problems are an important issue in this field, and for this reason caution and modesty are needed when discussing the results.	0
Direct URL citations appear in the printed text and are available in both the HTML and PDF versions of this article.	0
The aim of this study was to analyse the bioethics literature produced by authors affiliated with Ibero-American institutions, to address the following specific objectives: 1) evolution of scientific literature; 2) to determine the Ibero-American countries that publish most; 3) to identify the most cited papers; 4) to examine the relationship between the number of paper citations and the language in which they are published; 5) to determine whether the number of citations varies if authors from Ibero-American institutions collaborate with institutions in other countries; 6) to determine to what extent authors from Ibero-American institutions publish in high-quality bioethics and mainstream journals; and 7) to make an approximation to the areas of research through keyword and co-word analysis.	1
We used the WOS database from the 1st week of 1950 to the 46th week of 2021.	2
Second, we examine the factors that drive papers—either previously or newly published—to increase their authors’ predicted future h-indices.	3
The author also thanks Robert Teghtsoonian for his criticisms of the manuscript and for suggesting the analysis of citation rate.	0
Building on this insight from the descriptive analysis, we then apply cross-sectional regression to the 4190 faculty in our data set, showing a positive correlation between one’s inclination toward cross-disciplinary collaboration and total career citation impact.	3
We used the Web of Science Core Collection database and the PubMed database for retrieving papers.	2
The findings presented in this paper confirm important conclusions drawn in previous research (Laudel 2003; Moed and Halevi 2014; Robinson-Garcia 2019) that bibliometric information in regard to author affiliation data is in principle a valuable source of evidence on studies within the context of international scientific mobility.	5
Therefore, we get that if a separating equilibrium exists at all, it must be the case that the high-ability editor does not send out the manuscript to review whereas the low-ability editor does.	4
The Students t-test and an analysis of variance were used for continuous variables, and the Pearson X2 test with Fisher's exact test was applied for categorical variables and between-group assessments.	3
In this paper, the Web of Science Core Citation Database was extracted to retrieve data according to the strategy “Topics = transport* AND Document Types = (article or review) AND Languages = (English) AND Research Areas = (geography) AND Timespan = 1982–2014”.	2
The inset is review articles distributions of seafood cold chain logistics, the energy consumption analysis, and the electrode materials.	0
Data were retrieved from the WoS database for two reference periods.	2
This is very close to simply counting citations, that is, σ = 1.	4
However, to say the least, it is far from perfect (Barnett 2016; Bendiscioli 2019; Chubin 1994) and it is time for an open discussion about alternative allocation mechanisms (Guthrie, Ghiga, and Wooding 2018).	0
We believe that an assignment cannot be considered effective if it is not based on at least three active references, so as to be capable of providing a minimum of significance.	2
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—March 2009	0
We find that one solution based on the global citation network achieves better results than the competitors across three validation data sources but that another solution based on bibliographic coupling performs best on the special issues data.	4
Brazil was the country with the greatest production with 1273 reports (55.4%), followed by Argentina and Mexico.	4
I follow the advice of Gardner and Altman (1986), Meyer et al.	3
The Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to an Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) method is used to map quantitative results into experts' judgements, while WAP scores are equal to the final closeness coefficients generated by the TOPSIS method.	3
1 (a) Annual publication count in the MMT field; (b) Accumulated percentage of annual publication count in the MMT field.	0
In conclusion, while Brazilian dental researchers perceive which research activities are more closely aligned with science advancement and the generation of science with social impact, they emphasize that their activities on the most traditional practices based on the number of publications and journal impact metrics are more important for their career.	5
The analysis is based on the NewQis-platform [11] using records provided by the database Web of Science (WoS; Thomson Reuters, Philadelphia, USA), since it includes representative journals with impact factors listed.	2
Our results show that the network of papers in a journal is scale-free and that eigenvector centrality (1) is an effective filter and article-level metric and (2) correlates well with citation counts within a given journal.	4
Bibliometric indicators in this study were reviewed for journals (titles, year of publication, lifetime, indexing, article processing charge [APC]), publishers (geographical distribution), documents (titles, number, trends of publications, citations, most cited documents, average citations, funding status) and authors (team size, average author per document, country of authors, type of collaborations and author gender).	3
There emerges a deep generational divide, with younger and older generations having contrasting academic dreams about the future.	5
Moreover, the number of hits in GS is potentially far greater than the number of documents retrieved, since any one document may be represented by several bibliographic records taken from various sources.	0
We extracted papers published in 2015 and 2016 and their corresponding citation counts in 2017 from the top 30 journals listed in Web of Science-MEDICINE, GENERAL & INTERNAL category from the Journal Citation Report 2017.	2
But when there is a lack of literature, how journal management benefit from a systematic framework?	1
The University of Washington and Harvard Medical School were the leading institutions, while Krammer, F. from Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai was the author most active and influential to the topic.	4
Discrepancies when identifying the included preprint servers were resolved through discussion and the help of a third researcher when needed.	0
The purpose of this paper is, using bibliometric techniques, to conceptualize library and information science according to the information use of students, instead of the information use of researchers.	1
Online attendance was preferred by students (averaging 64.9% of global attendance for lectures and 84.5% for exams), with abrupt increases during the worst episodes of the pandemic.	4
These results further suggest that elite control is likely to vary between 'polytheistic' and 'umbrella disciplines.'	5
We have shown that three main phases of development can be distinguished and that the most recent phase is not only characterised by the growing importance of Europeanised functions, but also by the emergence of a new mode of Europeanisation that is driven by coordination in programming and funding.	5
The routine evaluation of broader impacts of research has made the UK an impact-aware culture, although the practice of assessment has run ahead of its theory.	4
Based on the expert panel review, three hypotheses are proposed for explaining the potential reasons for scientific fraud in Iran including university related reasons, students related reasons and service providers related causes.	5
Each participant anonymously donates a fixed percentage (say 50%) of his or her funding to other, nonaffiliated scientists.	3
The highest number of publications was published in the journals having impact factors in the range 1-2.	4
The aim of the paper was to trace the evolution of the journal “Technological Forecasting and Social Change”.	5
We used a panel of scorers to assess title humour for 2439 papers in ecology and evolution, and measured associations between humour and subsequent citation (self-citation and citation by others).	1
The estimated coefficient β for the quadratic term (multidisciplinarity2) is negative but significant, confirming that the effects of this variable on researchers' h-indexes can be depicted as an inverted U-shaped relationship.	4
A second limitation of our study is the data source.	5
We use citation windows of 3 and 5 years to compare the citation behaviour for the two document types.	3
Publications coauthored with researchers from other disciplines also in Slovenia ?	3
Abbreviations: ICMJE, International Committee of Medical Journal Editors; NH&MRC, National Health and Medical Research Council	0
On the other hand, as an exact match is obtained for critical path method, U index for FV critical path and SPC critical path is 0.5.	4
Nonparametric Fisher's exact test was used to compare categorical data of two independent groups because of the small number of the cells in the two-by-two tables.	3
Downloaded by [Flinders University of South Australia] at 08:50 01 February 2016	0
Are high impact international partners for the UK necessary for international journal articles to be higher quality?	1
We analyse bibliographic information for a typical example of such a breakthrough to pinpoint information that has the potential to be used as bibliographic indicator.	1
Females accounted for 42 (34%) of first authors (Panel B) and 33 (26%) of senior authors over the entire period studied.	4
A reduction of bias caused by the IF's limited two-year time window is achieved by increasing the citation window to either three years for both the Source Normalized Impact per Paper (SNIP) [29] and the Scimago Journal Rank (SJR) [30], or to five years for the Five Year Impact Factor (5YIF), the Journal to Field Impact Score (JFIS) [32], the Audience Factor (AF) [31], the Influence Weight (IW) [11], the Eigenfactor (EF) and the Article Influence (AI).	3
Eighty-three percent of our sample was published openly, and 9% had open data statements.	4
The present study shows differences in the results of some categories (hydroperiod and environment) provided by the three major databases in what should have been an identical literature search with same keyword combinations, the same time interval for the publications and the same sorting criterion of "relevance" in the return of references.	5
A significant correlation value of 0.901 exists between citation count and Mendeley readership score at a 0.01 level of significance.	4
Overall, only 2.6% of their publications had one author, while 97.4% of the publications had two or more authors.	4
The historical context of the evolution of SA and its integration with GIS indicates that technological development has contributed to disseminating its use, expanding its respective scales of analysis, and connecting distinct areas of research.	5
Finally, based on the performance of higher education internationalization, disciplinary concepts, the definition of competitiveness, elements of discipline internationalization and disciplinary features of stomatology, we designed indicators to evaluate international competitiveness in the discipline of stomatology (Table 1).	3
terms were used as nodes, and edges were calculated using the inclusion index (Courtial, 1986; Callon et al., 1986) to maintain the edge weights' range between 0 and 1.	3
The strong evaluation culture and its accompanying mechanisms are thus perceived as directly undermining the fundamental pillars on which the academic prestige of these departments was built, namely originality, scientific rigour and methodological innovations.	5
After three reminders (the survey was open for a month), 823 began the survey and 607 completed the instrument for a completion rate of 22.3% (not counting the 275 e-mails that bounced).	2
The first set contains 64 researchers affiliated with the Italian Institute of Technology (IIT).	2
With the upsurge in academic publications in recent decades, we are curious to know how the number of references cited per research article has changed across different disciplines over that time.	1
Therefore, this study aims to explore the concept of research reputation as a key component of global university rankings to identify how it is currently defined, constituted and assessed.	1
Secondly, CFA was carried out to examine the model fit of the PPQ-r-C in relation to previous structure demonstrated in former studies using Sample 1.	3
The overall exercise between the VQR and the ASN ratings is therefore only partial: of 422 journals deemed as ‘A-class’ for the VQR, only 338 received the same rating by the ASN procedure.	2
* Tel.: +1 509 335 1511; fax: +1 509 335 0116.	0
Then, we will implement an OLS regression model to answer the research questions, while controlling for covariates which can affect citation rates.	3
As a measure of the OA citation advantage (OACA) we consider the proportion of the average citation of OA articles in relation to non-OA articles.	3
Then cosine similarity is employed to estimate the support from references to the citing paper in terms of lexical, topic, and semantics, respectively.	3
As illustrated, a chi-square test provides no statistical grounds for drawing conclusions on the significance of the differences displayed in the table, neither on the aggregate level nor within the disciplinary domains.	4
The interviews were semi-structured, allowing room for openness and broader conversation around the main interview framework which can be found in the S1 File.	3
We used the open source software Cytoscape 3.2.1 to analyze our data set.	3
This is a positive outcome particularly when made in comparison to similar studies of other reputable international conferences such as European Federation of Orthopaedics and Traumatology (EFORT) and American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons (AAOS).	5
Received January 14, 2015; revised May 2, 2015; accepted May 4, 2015	0
In this context, a category considered “young” or “old” refers to age in the network only, not age as a discipline.	0
Source: Salary data from "University of California, Fiscal Year 2005-06 Payroll Data"; years since receipt of Ph.D.	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
During the final meetings, we discussed the ordering of the nominations.	3
There was no significant correlation between the mean number of citations and level of evidence or methodological quality using a variety of scores.	5
As the study objective was also to generate new knowledge to inform public research policy in The Gambia, grounded theory methodology was an appropriate and effective strategy for theory building, which is a crucial basic step in an unexplored area.	3
Data were limited to articles, reviews, and conference papers.	2
Secondary data was mainly retrieved from published scholarly works on knowledge production and consumption, and OA publishing, in the institutions of higher education in Kenya.	2
Supply side instruments were used predominantly relative to demand side instruments; very small numbers/percentages of demand side instruments were put forward in both countries, accounting for less than 10% of total implemented policies.	4
In the era of print, cover image is the first thing to catch people's sight when someone picks up a journal.	0
The linear correlation coefficient between Scopus and WoS is 0.97, indicating a very high and direct correlation.	4
The findings contribute to the study of transformation that is underway in higher education and research institutions in the country.	5
The intraregional collaboration of research on stroke was low among Latin American countries.	4
We found that our adapted model achieved great accuracy in predicting tweet sentiment, with an average accuracy of 72.1%, compared to the SentiStrength and New Lexicon models’ 65.9% and 57.0% respectively.	4
Additionally, we also searched three leading journals in clinical medicine, The New England Journal of Medicine, The Lancet, and The Journal of the American Medical Association, because of the increasing number of Chinese-authored articles appearing in these respected journals [38].	2
This work was performed at the Department of Orthopaedics, Navy General Hospital, Beijing, China.	0
All 24 Russell Group business schools and 75 business schools in total are represented in the final sample.	0
Cumulative median publications per scholar increased from 7 (IQR 4 to 15.5) at program entry to 21 (IQR 11 to 33.5) in the first post-K12 year.	4
Indeed, Pearson's product-moment correlation coefficient between RI and x?	4
Our findings advance the understanding of cheating in online environments, and suggest that replacing traditional honor codes with warnings could be a simple and effective way to deter cheating in online courses and online labor marketplaces.	5
This allows private actors to absorb credibility from public knowledge institutions and centralise credibility in a few of their people.	5
The dynamics of change point to the relative weakening of the field in the US and its relative strengthening in Continental Europe, East Asia, and elsewhere.	5
Acknowledgements The authors are grateful to all the anonymous reviewers for their precious comments and suggestions.	0
As a case in point, publication outlet rankings in Management Information Systems (MIS) had produced an ultra-short list of two so-called “elite” journals (Dennis, Valacich, Fuller, & Schneider, 2006).	0
Two classical measures, such as Shannon’s index3 and Simpson’s index, are able to combine variety and balance dimensions but fail to account for disparity between different categories (Rafols and Meyer 2010).	0
We also estimate panel data regressions on the number of patents and the citation rates of the patents at an individual level.	3
Furthermore, it can help researchers to understand the global research trend in shale gas as well as provide references for establishing future research directions.	5
The SCImago Journal Rank (SJR) indicator builds upon the PageRank algorithm developed by Google, and considers both the number of citations a journal receives and the 'prestige' of the journals where these citations are located.	3
It can perform co-authorship analysis, co-citation analysis, co-word analysis, and co-occurrence analysis (C.	3
With regard of the research institutions, Eidgenossische Technische Hochschule Zurich published 208 articles ranked first.	4
On average, men publish 9% and 13% more papers than women within the first 5 and 10 years of their publishing career, respectively.	4
Many factors interact, including science policy decisions (bilateral or multilateral cooperation programs) and decisions by individual scientists at the micro-level.	0
The method partially combines sets of key values for four publication data fields: source, title, authors and references.	3
Table 1 Net export of ideas by co-author adjusted fractionation measure	0
We use social network analysis (SNA) to analyze the co-authorship ego networks of the ten most central authors in twenty-four years of papers (703 papers and 1118 authors) published in the proceedings of CASCON, a computer science conference.	3
The results revealed a moderate attitude among the respondents (n=254) as the mean scores for positive attitudes, negative attitudes, and subjective norms were 28±7, 20±3, and 20±4, respectively.	4
To search and retrieve research articles produced by each SEA country, the following codes were used: AFFILCOUNTRY(country) AND ALL(language and linguistics).	3
The objective of this study is to know whether the scientists perform better within these structures than outside them.	1
In 2nd Phase (QUAL strand), a focus group of seven university li- brarians was conducted to complement the quantitative data on the phenomenon.	2
Across the various subfields studying science, the vast majority of publications cluster in five domains, with the largest concentrations in philosophy of science (31%), history of science (25%), scientometrics/network science (16%), cognitive science of science (9%) and sociology of science (5%) (see Fig.	4
2017; Kwiek and Roszka 2020; Abramo et al.	4
The research design was to obtain a set of large journals from many different disciplines and to compare the citation counts of their articles in Microsoft Academic and Scopus as well as their Mendeley reader counts to identify likely disciplinary differences.	2
Together with the 15 cases of invalid IF increases resulting from relatively stronger decrease of article numbers than increase of citations (a3), the number of invalid IF increases sums up to n = 33, i.e.	4
To confirm this, I subject the total alternative medicine patenting rate to an interrupted time series analysis.	3
Therefore, it is reasonable to believe that most or all the documents covered by Web of Science are also covered by Google Scholar.	0
Merely to do the research and then put your findings in a desk drawer is no better than not doing the research at all.	0
An Oneway ANOVA indicated that there were significant differences between countries (p < 0.05).	4
No significant difference between the total and net total cites rankings was observed.	4
We observed while most of the papers in the PeakInit (64.35%) and MonDec (60.73%) categories were published in conferences, papers in PeakLate (60.11%) and MonIncr (74.74%) were published mostly in journals.	4
To further investigate the effect of the quantity of a researcher's output on average impact, we use the quantile regression model introduced by Koenker and Bassett (1978).	3
Data analysed for the purposes of this paper were downloaded from the website in an Excel file and inserted in IBM SPSS Statistics 28.0.	2
mv), we assessed the extent to which different non-scientific features affect the number of citations across the whole sample.	3
These findings are of general value, as shown by analyzing the case of four more research teams based in economically developed and developing countries.	3
Overall results showed that 12.5% of the research (n=191) on IIP was funded to which 124 funding parties were engaged.	4
We were also interested in whether academics on RG extend their communication to an offline setting.	0
We investigated the citation profile for a research group with 113 published concerns regarding publication integrity (CRPI).	1
Acknowledgments This manuscript has been authored by UT-Battelle, LLC under Contract No.	0
The objective of our research is to determine how to allocate research funding based on historical data of previous projects in a way that maximizes expected outcomes.	1
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
A total of 1083 English articles published between 2004 and 2018 were identified.	4
1 The number of articles with Akdeniz University address indexed by Web of Science databases in the years 1996–2009.	0
A total of 158 participants were included in this study, with a mean age of 22.6 (± 1.72) years.	2
After the whole inclusion-exclusion process, a total of 894 articles were obtained for bibliometric analyses (Fig.	2
We apply a DMR topic model (Mimno and McCallum, 2012) to our datasets.	3
Data from the National Institutes of Health are used to estimate how scientists respond to targeted funding opportunities.	2
The journals indexed in the subject category "Urology & Nephrology" of the Journal Citation Reports of the ISI Web of Science were arranged according to their impact factors for 2005.	0
For example, editors could request manuscripts with support from reviewers from the same institution and from other institutions.	0
20), which leverages the similarity between their respective department names, institute names, DDC subject information of the associated dissertations, and thesis titles to infer if they refer to the same individual.	3
Consequently, this examination of the claim that authors tend to cite recent literature in order to show-off does not render support for the hypothesis.	5
The primary research objectives of this study were to use social network analysis and inferential analysis to improve hierarchical and related relationships among categories and subcategories in the subject directory of the public US Agriculture Department-Economic Research Service portal, evaluate the results, and provide constructive suggestions to enhance this subject directory.	1
How are these topics related to each other?	1
This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License	0
In this article, the authors use co-authorship analysis to identify the state of research collaboration on the African continent.	1
The corresponding fraction for the central quartiles is 33% ± 5%.	4
This work is supported by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research under award number FA9550-15-1-0162 and FA9550-17-1-0089.	0
Furthermore, the qualitative analysis suggested a diversity of approaches concerning the relationship between art and research: the Isolationist-negative ('art is art, research is research'), Isolationist-positive ('art and research influence each other'), the Situated-hard ('art is research'), the Situated-soft ('art can be research'), and we re-identified those approaches using the JCA method.	5
Ethical approval This article does not contain any studies involving human participants performed by any of the authors.	0
It consists of two periods: 1988–1999 and 2000–2014.	2
The study identified that communities formed by trust (bonding or repeat connections) or by prestige (connection of well-connected scholars with those that are already well-connected) overlap each other, suggesting that trust and prestige may go hand in hand in sustaining communities.	4
Submit the final, peer-reviewed version to an academic journal.	3
As the above results show, there is not only a strong correlation between productivity (number of papers) and impact (number of citations), that also holds for the production of high impact papers: the more papers, the more high impact papers.	5
The co-keyword network of CCG2018 conference papers (Fig.	4
In brief, the analysis used an inductive approach to grounded theory.	3
Basic descriptive statistics were calculated in RStudio and Excel using the survey data.	3
The present study uses only some of the research units’ bibliometric indicators calculated by CWTS (for detailed descriptions of the indicators please see Waltman et al.	3
In this paper we assess the actual article-level citation impact of about 10,000 articles whose authors received financial rewards within the Romanian Program for Rewarding Research Results (PR3), an exemplary money-per-publication program that uses journal metrics to allocate rewards.	1
e?0.077)5 for Industry only publications versus U&PROs only ones.	4
A total of 599 publications were identified from the VIEW-Hub website and 520 publications were screened between February 2021 and June 2024.	2
The analysis was conducted in R (R Core Team, 2020) with data.table (Dowle & Srinivasan, 2019), and the figures were produced using ggplot2 (Wickham, 2016).	3
In this schematic, five rounds are adequate for the process to run to completion.	0
For example, countries close in the geographical dimension of proximity show higher levels of international collaboration.	5
Electronic access to journal articles is most commonly provided through journal packages, rather than database aggregators (see Figure 4).	4
Most top-cited articles were from the USA, Japan, or the UK, and published in Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases, Arthritis and Rheumatism, and Circulation and Rheumatology (Oxford).	4
Because of shortcomings of JIF,[1-3] we added new bibliometric characteristics available over the past 3 years and provided by Thompson Scientific: Five-year impact, Article Influence, and Eigenfactor.	3
The coder reviewed all reference information twice to confirm the accuracy of each reference.	0
Finally, an empirical analysis is conducted on knowledge diffusion in an instit tionaci atific collaboration network by taking the graphene field as an example.	1
On June 26th, 2022, 505 documents were retrieved from the Scopus database as a result of a search using the journal's ISSN, including 472 articles, 16 reviews, 14 editorials, and 3 erratums, all in English.	2
The University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign ranked first in the number of articles produced for the ten-year period 2003–2012, and also for two five-year periods, 1998–2002 and 2003–2007.	4
The results of our study indicate that the efficacy of the system for managing research misconduct in the Croatian scientific community is poor.	5
[Fictional abbreviations] These footnotes have become perfunctory; neither the journal editor nor reviewers pay much attention to them.	0
I have conducted qualitative interviews with 24 of the 27 department heads at Aarhus University.	2
The final data set covers 349,022 papers and 3,030,261 citations.	2
The final solution from the first sample was replicated using a second, independent sample (see Table 2) and the fit information was found to be adequate: x2 = 105.15, df = 88, p = .10, TLI = .97, CFI = .98, RMSEA = .02, SRMR = .03, BIC = 15,503.81; however, there was one item that was found to have double-loading (item 26).	4
To design the Affiliation Query, one of the authors exported PubMed's Affiliation Index and searched using the Gold Standard authors for frequent character strings as candidates.	3
Faculty names were identified for each COP through the AACP faculty/professional staff directory and through each COP's website directories.	2
The results show that, whilst there are disciplinary differences, articles in most fields host substantial numbers of citations from each of the six sections investigated, except for the Conclusions and, to a lesser extent, the Results (Fig.	5
Among the network indices, betweenness centrality has outperformed all its counterparts.	4
Thus, the verification process seems to discourage publication in these questionable outlets.	5
This study provided us bibliometric and altmetric overviews, visualization and evaluation of the relationship between traditional bibliometric analysis and altmetric analysis in the malnutrition literature.	5
We fit the normalized citation trajectories ?i(t) = ci(t)/cmax using both the exponential and power law curves.	3
Citation counts and AAS were abstracted and analyzed.	3
For each article, we extracted its data details, including the title, abstract, published year, keywords, references, journal, authors, organizations of authors, funding information and WoS cat-egory, citations.	2
The average JIF for PIT for these coverage years was 0.87 (standard deviation [SD] = 0.12).	4
In view of these facts, and working with informetrics as the main focus of our study, we aim to answer the following question: Is the similarity between author's citation identity and the article's theoretical-methodological references related to the position that the author occupies in the by-line of the article?	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/0144-3577.htm	0
As a result, 7 data sets on these indicators were obtained, reflecting Ural Federal University's academic mobility dynamics from 2011 to 2017.	2
Preprinting is an important element in the broader open science agenda that is currently receiving considerable attention in many countries, both from researchers and from science policy makers.	5
The results of this survey identified perceived barriers to conducting research in OM and highlighted solutions to address such barriers.	5
Papers retracted originating from paper mills are increasing in frequency, posing a problem for the research community.	5
Consequently, if we want citations to be used as a measure of scientific quality, the answer is “no”, but the fact that citations remain among the most important metric for academics, especially early career researchers, is of sufficient magnitude to warrant constant reflection on our publication practices.	5
Results show a significant increase in the number of references per paper, the average rises from 8 in 1972 to 25 in 2013.	4
Supported by the Research Fund of the Universidad Austral de Chile.	0
The burst detection algorithm (Kleinberg 2002) aims at identifying the increase in the frequency of use of certain words by authors and is available in the software package Sci2.	3
In particular, the intellectual structure identified by the research grant had the highest similarity with the intellectual structure identified by the research paper in the following 1–2 years, indicating that the intellectual structure identified by the research paper had a time lag period of 1-2 years, which attributes the process of one paper from completion to publication.	5
Possible correlations between the indicators for different geographical regions are inspected by means of Spearman' correlation coefficients (Lehman, 2005) and validated by statistical power analysis using the Student' t-test (Cohen, 1988).	3
The sample used for this study is taken from GS's Classic Papers product (GSCP)2.	2
This research investigated pre-service science teachers' intention to use generative artificial intelligence (AI) in inquiry-based teaching using Azjen's Theory of Planned Behavior.	1
This indicates that the average collaboration co-authorship group size is small, and there is little evidence of large collaboration in MGMT networks in both countries.	4
From this data set, we selected all the theses with an abstract in English (2,954) as our starting data set.	2
The analysis suggests that collective anchoring effects emerge as a result of the combination of the evaluation techniques that are being used (grading scales and average ranking) and the efforts of the evaluators to reach consensus in the face of disagreements and uncertainty in the group.	4
In particular, we test if lower income regions can compensate for the shortcomings in legal access infrastructures by more intensive use of illicit open resources.	1
Based on these random experiments, we decided to correct the automatically determined number of female and male authors accordingly using the following term: Fcorr = F ?	3
What is puzzling is the fact that 57 WoS categories have not been considered by the Shanghai Global Ranking of Academic Subjects.	4
It should be noticed that we intend to investigate the differences in citation quality for documents published in different years, rather than the longitudinal differences for versions of data sources released at different times.	0
The authors declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Clearly we should, because in the words of DeSanctis, our very survival may depend on it (DeSanctis, 2003, p369).	0
The objective of our study was to investigate patterns of international scientific collaboration in HIV and HPV research using social network analysis.	1
The growth of the number of proceedings papers is fastest in 17 fields belonging to the social sciences which usually do not hold proceedings papers in high regard.	4
This study is not associated with any thesis or dissertation work.	0
Publication data were downloaded from the Hungarian Scientific Work Archive (www.	2
The g-index of X, denoted g(X), is defined as the highest natural number g such that the sum of the first g coordinates is at least equal to g2.	3
The original search resulted on 681 papers in which we then filter these papers to eliminate papers without 'COVID-19' and 'Malaysia' in the title.	2
We conducted a formal, objective data collection on the fully enumerated list of statistical programs by reviewing the 2013-2014 academic year course requirements for each degree conferred by all of the statistics degree-granting entities, as reported in the graduate handbook and/or the official degree program and graduate school websites.	3
We find that the bulk of research on development and development policies in the South is conducted by researchers from the North.	4
In this research, the survey research design is adopted to reveal academics' awareness, attitudes, and use of open access.	3
We demonstrate how we can reconstruct, from the massive digital traces of science, a reasonably precise and concise approximation of its dynamical structures that can be grasped by the human mind and explored interactively (an operation called phenomenological reconstruction2 [4, 17]).	1
A. Rao received maximum citations (140; Table 6).	4
Hence, a key factor in evaluation is determining the components of team function that are most important to that team’s scientific questions.	0
The agent-based simulations presented in this paper follow a recent discussion in Scientometrics about the newly introduced ha index by Hirsch (2019a).	5
In other words, network proximity mainly benefits international collaborations.	4
Study 2 participants were assigned to either an anonymous or open-review condition and rated the extent to which they would seek clarification from an author regarding potential QRPs.	3
On the contrary, those arising from intramural or extramural national collaborations are less likely to be specialized (-16.0 and -16.1% respectively).	4
This paper presents data regarding the publication of Chinese English-language journals (CELAJs), building on previously published information to investigate the status, growth, and international penetration of these journals.	1
The consequence is that there is a large difference between the mean and the median of the citation of the papers published by the journals.	4
4A): 17.5 and 3.2% of the COVID-19-related and not related preprints respectively, on bioRxiv; and 12.3 and 1.4% respectively, on medRxiv.	4
We used Web of ScienceTM Core Collection to retrieve data.	2
Population comprises of 23,472 records published during 2000-2018, in 19 core journals of Human Factors and Ergonomics subject category in Scopus.	2
In this study, we limited our analysis to journal publications and reviews.	2
In the second phase of the project, when at least a first version of the model developed in the first phase is available, data mining is carried out of large numbers of electronic submissions.	2
Lastly, we demonstrate that the AI and Big Data publications that appear under the SSCI index are more oriented towards computational studies than addressing social science concepts, concerns, and challenges.	5
Papers that make up the top 0.1% of their peer-reviewed papers are referred to as Hot Papers (HP).	2
The overall result of this study has implications for research organizations and managers, since it raises concerns about the validity of individual-meritocratic explanations of the skewed gender distributions in Danish academia.	5
This study focuses on the collaborative activities of academic research.	1
Participants for the second (individual-level) set of analyses were 228 full professors from the 44 academic institutions offering a Ph.D.	2
The subnetwork of Life Sciences is the opposite case, it is where we find the smallest percentage of similar nodes (p3) and the lowest clustering coefficient (p2).	4
Pearson's correlations between PAI and JIF and Spearman's correlations for the rest.	0
Without doubt, publication in the top five is a powerful determinant of tenure in academic economics that influences the choices of topics on which young economists work, and squeezes papers into bite-sized journal-friendly fragments.	5
In what follows we also use the term “focal papers” to refer to the cited papers.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ciai20	0
There was a significant global effect size (R2=0.934; p <0.001), which yielded a total variance of 93.4%.	4
The raw data consists of 69,746 papers with 2,355,376 references, published by at least one Chinese institution during the period 1998–2014 and indexed by SSCI or A&HCI.	2
Thus, the interview unfolds as a constant series of choices that interviewees make between potential answers, whereby latent background assumptions and dispositions of the habitus guide this choice.	0
After documenting the potency of publishing in the T5, we examine the validity of this filter using citation counts as a measure of validity.	3
This allows a rough approach to the very content of the sciences.	0
Vanderbilt University Medical Center was the most productive institution (TP=294, 41.63%), followed by the Tel Aviv University (TP= 127, 25.92%), UK Health Security Agency (TP= 124, 25.31%), the University of Hong Kong (TP= 112, 22.86%), and the University of Oxford (TP= 98, 20.00%).	4
In our study, we demonstrated that the large majority of the most highly cited medical imaging articles tended to be relatively recently published “methods-type” articles in the field of neuroimaging, especially those that focused on MR imaging techniques.	5
The combined count of article and review correlated positively with the total cites (r = 0.942, P<0.001), median IF (r = 0.752, P = 0.005), aggregate IF (r = 0.803, P = 0.002) and aggregate immediacy index (r = 0.888, P < 0.001).	4
In 1999 Liu changed his research paradigm from qualitative to quantitative studies, focusing on scientometrics, citation analysis and knowledge mapping.	4
This article is based on Güleda Do?an’s (2017) PhD dissertation and was supported in part by a research grant from the Hacettepe University Scientific Research Projects Coordination Unit (SBB-2016-11378).	0
The publishers can take benefit of this phenomenon in raising the readership of their articles, which might lead improving their impact in terms of citations in later years.	5
The effect of the count of reviews—the intensity and effort expended on reviewing a paper on the subsequent citation impact suggests the credibility of the view emerging in the literature that peer reviewing has a constructive and not merely judgemental function in relation to the papers submitted.	5
In this article, we analyze a large dataset from Microsoft Academic Graph (Sinha et al., 2015) to show that existing indicators of impact, including the relative citation count, fail to produce rankings that are not biased by age and field.	1
The international comparison highlights some of the dangers in comparing research performance across different countries.	5
Normalizations of the publications with population, PTE (population with tertiary education) and GDP (gross domestic product) put small/low-population countries in the global lead.	3
An investigation on 88 civil construction and geotechnical engineering journals showed that 63 titles(71.59%) charged author fees, and the highest were 300 yuan RMB per page or 1,800 yuan RMB per article.	2
All unsolicited invitations received from presumed predatory journals were prospectively collected between 1 October 2021 and 30 September 2022 from the first author's e-mail address, which had been used in the past for correspondence with journals during the publication process.	2
a Case reports included small case series (ie fewer than 10 cases)	0
The Global Research Benchmarking System provides university benchmarking data to support strategic decision making that is sufficiently fine-grained to show variation within a university and to identify focused areas of excellence; is actionable; is objective and verifiable; allows tracking of performance over time; and provides meaningful comparisons across the diversity of national higher education environments and university structures.	5
In this article, we analyze citations in one large and influential field within computer science, namely computer systems.	1
There are 887 economics and 1052 chemistry associate and full professors in the 36 universities.	2
As part of this project, it was necessary to evaluate the citation records of 57 Nobel Prize winners (henceforth NPWs) in economics between 1969 and 2005.	2
To investigate this phenomenon in more detail, a clustering analysis was performed.	0
Fourth, how does domestic and international mobility influence the speed of academic promotion?	1
Accordingly, this study aims to provide a comprehensive analysis of the output, impact, and structure of the CSE and draw a comparison with the GSE.	1
The results, not reported here but available from the authors on request, indicate in the estimation of the full model (also including country effects) that there is no strong field effect on productivity.	0
The articles were originated from 101 countries and territories.	4
The warning proves effective but does not completely eliminate cheating, as some students' cheating strategies become more sophisticated following issuance of the warnings.	4
Moreover, the community structures of the network of disciplines allows us to better describe the transformation of knowledge across time.	5
For subsequent publications, we examined for inconsistencies between presentation abstracts and full-text publications, whether there were retrospectively identifiable publication predictors and calculated presentation-publication delay.	3
All content following this page was uploaded by Bartlomiej Barczynski on 20 February 2019.	0
This version of the scientometric law can provide a useful model for forecasting, policy levers to improve scientific output, and estimation of funding from paper counts.	5
Division of Anaesthesia and Intensive Care, University of Nottingham, Queen's Medical Centre Campus, Nottingham University Hospitals NHS Trust, Nottingham NG7 2UH, UK	0
The study comprises two analyses: (1) a synchronic model, where I examine the relationship betweenPublications rate, Top journal publications, and excellence during the first eight years of the publication career, and (2) a predictive model, where I examine how wellPublication rate, Top journal publications, and Top 10% publicationsduring the first four years, can predict whether a mathematician will attain excellence in the fifth to the eight year of the publication career.	1
As a bibliographic database we have used Scopus, created and maintained by Elsevier.	2
I would like to thank Bill Durham for seeing promise in my interests and ideas, and Stanford University for its financial and intellectual support.	0
Table 3 Dominance analysis for Publication rate and Top journal publications.	0
However, funding variety (the proportion of unique funding organizations acknowledged) for publication increases citation count impact (Tables 3 and 4).	4
The details (Methods) mean, that no refereeing- related (R) tasks are done before a certain time related to the journal- induced timescale has passed.	0
The analysis considered for this study is degree centrality (Park and Leydesdorff 2008), which is used to measure the number of countries engaged in direct co-authorship collaboration, and it can be interpreted such that the larger the number of direct connections of a node in a network are, the more central the node is.	3
Therefore, the core sample is comprised of 30,424,135 journal articles associated with 24,597,783 unique authors.	2
(3)-(5) we test different cross-lagged panel models (Finkel, 1995; Little, Preacher, Selig, & Card, 2007) by using Structural Equation Modeling (SEM).	3
A 1% increase in the information technology capital share raises the elasticity of substitution between capital and labor by 0.095 and the elasticity between value added and intermediate inputs by 0.131.	4
The expanding literature will make an important contribution to identifying patterns and evaluating current research trends on a worldwide scale.	5
We set out to study how scientists experience a new type of double-blinded research grant phenomenologically and whether it affords what it intends: risky, novel research.	1
Overall, most of the researchers in the survey did not experience major barriers to international collaborations.	5
Except for Latin America and the Caribbean and sub-Saharan Africa, all other six regions contribute a relatively larger share of the world's forestry publications than would be expected based on their share of the world's forest area.	4
Specifically, all four of the teamwork variables, when interacting with age, appear significantly and positively related to salary—indicating that older (compared with younger) PhD holders in STEM fields earned more if they were part of teams.	4
1 also shows the value of the concordance coefficient p (Lin 1989) between predicted h and actual h on each year, a standardized measure of agreement attaining a unit value when the two variables are identical.	3
Therefore, we assessed the agreement between the measurement of the h-index by Web of Science and Scopus with a Bland-Altman plot, which shows both the mean bias (ie, the average difference of the h-index between Scopus and Web of Science) and 1.96 SD limits of agreement (ie, a measurement of the range of difference in h-index between Web of Science and Scopus accounting for 95% of a normal distribution).	3
Hispanics and blacks were underrepresented among individuals awarded with doctoral degrees, doctorate recipients employed in academia, and academics publishing in WoS as compared to their representation in the population.	4
Our evidence emphasizes the fundamental but insufficiently studied fact that there are different ways of defining a peer.	5
We replaced the university-wide Hirsch index with a more operational indicator of the publication activity of teachers of higher educational institutions by the number of citations for the last 2 years according to the Scopus database (2018-2019) received by the publications of university teachers in 2018 divided by the number of university researchers and instructors (that is, the "Number of citations per one researcher/instructor").	5
From 1987 to 2014, the CSIR National Institute for Interdisciplinary Science and Technology has maintained a list of all its papers and the Impact Factors (IF) for the corresponding year of the journals in which they have appeared.	2
In this section we briefly review citation-based metrics and other metrics.	0
The software used for data analysis was Microsoft Excel, BibExcel and Gephi.	3
Received August 31, 2007; revised February 11, 2008; accepted June 3, 2008	0
The main source for data-gathering was World Association of Universities, Sci-mago Journal and Country ranking and Web of Science Institute of Scientific Information (ISI) Thomson Reuters.	2
This is particularly true for younger researchers who lack experience as authors and reviewers.	0
This question is intentionally vague to allow for both versions to avoid any inconsistencies between figure and text.	0
We find that large labs are more professionalized than smaller labs—with more faculty and staff.	5
To minimize these limitations, this study adopted an advanced intellectual structure analysis introduced by K?seoglu (2020), which is labeled as the MAK approach (here, MAK represents the initials of Mehmet Ali K?seoglu).	3
The results of this study, however, provide evidence that this skepticism is unfounded.	5
After exploring several methodological options, it was decided that sample matching would provide the most effective means of controlling for article age within our analyses.	3
We opted for the TopSBM algorithm (Gerlach et al., 2018) to generate a topic model of scientific publications in our dataset.	3
RQ3 Among the factors discussed in the present paper, what factors have significant influences on CPD?	1
Specifically, the study was set out to analyze the growth of LIS scholarly literature in Tanzania; determine the collaboration patterns among academic librarians; determine the research productivity and scholarly impact of individual authors; identify citations trends of individual publications; and assess the journal preference of authors.	1
Based on above, we made the calculation and evaluation using the national macro statistical data.	2
The proposed method of using SERP results to identify instances of uploaded assignments shows promise as an effective practice for combatting academic misconduct stemming from students' use of file-sharing websites.	5
The IRs of all public universities in South Africa were visited, and an analysis of content in those IRs conducted using three Excel spread sheets.	2
Reflexive journaling is a key component of autoethnographic research, as it enables the researcher to critically examine their own assumptions, biases, and emotional responses to the phenomenon under study (Cunningham and Carmichael 2018).	3
no books, no popular scientific publications, no conference proceedings unless they appear in source journals).	0
Regarding the remaining areas, the scientific output of Spain-based researchers in 2014 accounted for 38,409 articles published in English with funding acknowledgments (76% of the total).	2
Model parameter optimization and variable selection were used to construct a final model based on indicators that can be measured within 6 months post-publication;	3
In this paper, we proposed a two-staged dissemination process to profile the diffusion of scientific papers from academia to social media.	1
The addresses were parsed to show the fractional count of each country in each paper.	3
Academic metrics including, numbers of publications, citations, and NIH funding history were determined for 4015 surgical faculty at the top 55 NIH-funded departments of surgery, using Scopus, NIH REPORT, and the Grantome online databases.	2
On most measures of output and impact, we found that certain groups benefitted more from being in a cluster.	5
Overall, this first large-scale comparative study suggests that the new incarnation of Microsoft Academic presents us with an excellent alternative for citation analysis.	5
We analysed citations made in 2017–2018 for articles, reviews, editorials and letters published by 12 anaesthetic journals in 2016, using the Web of Science? citation index platform.	2
In this article, we use broadcasting and virality to define diffusion channels from a structural perspective.	1
A maximum F1 of 0.91 was achieved by the InferSent encoder working with FastText word embeddings, in combination with SVM with a linear kernel.	4
Forward citations attributed to patents that were filed from 1992 to 2012 were tested.	2
Based on this analysis, the present article provides information on the following aspects: (1) the number of studies per research field; (2) the number of articles published per year; (3) the number of articles that use each variant of QCA and the number of articles of each QCA variant published in JCR journals; (4) citations per field and average number of citations; most cited QCA articles; (5) the journals publishing the highest number of articles using QCA.	3
Overall, receipt of K award was associated with a 24.1% increase in likelihood of first independent NIH award (P < .01) and a larger number of R01 Eq.	4
In the second step, we used the SciBERT + BiLSTM (cascade) model to extract fine-grained entities from the full text of papers.	3
The word “center” might be misleading, as every consortium is made up of a number of research teams from various parent organizations.	0
The h index is a useful metric to assess residents' early dedication to scholarly endeavors.	1
The citation percentage of OA journals is 78.87% versus 21.13% for non-OA journals.	5
In fact, the top five titles account for 76.61% of all mega-author items published.	4
In this current study, we analyzed h-indices of editorial board members of Radiology journals and tested the hypothesis that editorial board members of Radiology journals with higher impact factors (IF) have higher h-indices.	1
To what extent does an emphasis on empirical compared to non-empirical thesis work help predict the course of a student’s subsequent career?	1
While 50% of full professors had a history of NIH funding, only 26% had RO1s and 20% had current NIH funding.	4
The goal of this study is to expand our empirical knowledge of diffusion by investigating the role of internal and external audiences in the spread of academic research.	1
We first establish a framework on research collaboration, noting relevant theories.	3
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
The NBER patent database (Hall, Jaffe, & Trajtenberg, 2001) has been one of the major sources for information about U.S. patents.	2
This information allowed us to identify 544 experts in the Russian Index of Science Citation (RISC) and collect data on publications and citations.	2
Using Qualtrics survey software, the questionnaire was completed anonymously and untraceable to individual persons.	3
Concretely, we empirically define the annus mirabilis as the year of peak publication productivity.	3
We obtained a list of all registered dermatologists in Australia and New Zealand from publicly available information provided by the website of the Australasian College of Dermatologists (https://www.dermcoll.edu.au/).	2
This paper compares their publication outputs using bibliometric methods.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 676 times since 2006*	0
Articles about crystal arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, vasculitis, pain syndromes and paediatric rheumatic diseases were more likely to be ordered at the end of issues (all p<0.001).	4
The increase in publication from 2006 onwards may be due to recruitment of manpower and inclusion of more journals in SCI database.	5
Also excluded were all citations to article i by other coauthors of article i.	0
This intervention group were given a standardized provincial written prescription to perform moderate exercise for 150 minutes per week.	3
A total of 79 interviews were conducted face-to-face in either English or Chinese; some were carried out by phone, or via Skype.	2
a All = Gold + Hybrid Gold + Bronze + Only Green + Paywalled.	0
Overall, years of employment positively correlated with the Self-interest climate type (r = 0.15, 95% CI 0.03–0.26; P = 0.013).	4
The analysis yielded a network consisting of 750 nodes (citation source publications), 1,879 connections and 86 clusters.	4
Together, these results paint a picture of scientific fields as scholarly guilds to which elite scientists can regulate access, providing them with outsized opportunities to shape the direction of scientific advance in that space.	5
Overall, we recommend the title-based measure for data accessibility and reasonable validation results.	5
This article suggests a way in which panels could choose the weights to attach to these two indicators.	1
An in-depth analysis was conducted to reveal overall trends, collaboration patterns, citation impact, and collaboration networks in NST category of the Science Citation Index Expanded.	1
A common strategy to identify elites is the ‘reputational method' (Hoffman-Lange 2018).	3
A survey of 12 CELJs in Hubei Province, China, shows that 75% journals have financial pressures on the journal operation.	2
Therefore, the aim of this study is to sketch a landscape of the past global research output on patient safety including the gender distribution of the medical discipline of patient safety by interpreting scientometric parameters.	1
The academic field has intensely researched various features and themes of IoT from diverse perspectives.	0
From 2014, Iran became the largest publisher of scientific papers, as measured by the WoS-indexed journal articles.	4
1.27, p=0.21); gender explained 1.2% of the variance.	4
The current focus (2015–2020) is the use of by-products as sources of bioactive compounds for food production, the use of new extraction techniques, and the production of biofuels.	5
This may explain the fact that a small number of authors with repeating retractions is attributable to a large portion of retractions.	5
This indicates that the support required for ECRs is most needed in the areas of improving contacts and increasing knowledge of multidisciplinary strategy, both internally and externally.	5
and RPG awards after but not during the NIH doubling, K08 awards were predictive only during the NIH doubling, and K23 awards were predictive during both periods.	4
The suggested basic model is described in the equation: Yisuft = αsuft + βjT Tisuft + βkx Xisuft + γf + δs + ωu + τt + εisuft	3
It can be concluded that the concept of the ETD repository in Asia has failed so far to gain much attraction with the academic community it was intended to benefit.	5
The average and median values of SNIP and SJR for “active” journals in PPJ list are lower than for other groups.	4
A literature search was conducted in the WoS Core Collection (Thomson Reuters) on January 3, 2022.	2
The views expressed in this paper are those of the authors and not those of any government agency.	0
The patent information comes from the medical and health science and technology database of CNKI, obtained from the patent data service platform of the State Intellectual Property Office.	2
Eric Zhi Feng Liu, Graduate Institute of Learning & Instruction, National Central University, No.300 Jung-da Road, Chung-Li City, Taoyuan, Taiwan 320.	0
The x axis shows the number of top journals (up to 1,000), and the y axis gives the density of the network containing only these journals.	0
Papers with a Similarity Index of ≥ 20% were thus individually checked for detecting such text-matching errors to accurately identify papers with suspected research misconduct.	3
Search string used for “(Journal = (Journal of Cryptology) NOT MR Number = (MR2371222) AND Publication Type = (Journals)) AND pubyear in [2001 2010]”.	2
Machine learning, artificial intelligence, big data, deep learning, Internet of things, neural networks, and data mining were among the most popular research themes in Industry 4.0 in Vietnam.	4
Of the original 270 articles, 90 articles met inclusion criteria and were analyzed (Fig.	2
(iii) RQ3: What are the most important words applied based on TF-IDF weighting in Iranian publications in LitCovid?	1
We additionally calculated multiple regression analyses controlling for the possible effects of confounding factors including national self-citations, international co-authorships, investments in research and development, international migrant stock, number of researchers of each nation, language, and productivity.	3
The data source was a survey which took place between 2017 and 2018; an invitation to participate was sent to 915,447 corresponding authors, hailing from all fields of science, who published between 2010 and 2016.	2
We investigate empirically the importance of team-specific capital for the compensation and patent production of inventors, using administrative tax and patent data for the population of US patent inventors from 1996 to 2012.	1
The motivations, strategies for seeking research collaborators, and the success rates associated with those strategies, can be very situational or individualistic and based on the needs or experiences of those seeking collaborators; one strategy may be successful for one person and not for another.	5
I then use the individual evaluator-candidate scores to provide evidence that male evaluators give higher scores than do female evaluators to students who complete their doctoral program in 5 years.	4
The examination centered on the 1970 and 2000 volumes of each of these journals, with selection of articles of literary criticism and analysis for the sample.	2
The study aims to contribute to potential readers interesting information regarding the comparison of social science journals in Central Europe covered by the SSCI citation index, based on data from the Web of Science database and Journal Citation Reports (JCR), covering the period 2012 – 2015.	1
For qualitative data, we used a conventional content analysis approach to understand participants' experiences.	3
To extend our study to a wider time frame (as early as 1980), eight categories from the top 30 were sampled in order to perform a more detailed investigation.	2
graduates, as there are notable differences in the pre-Bologna and the post-Bologna Ph.D.	5
To fill this gap in the literature and to show a more realistic picture of the published research on the glass ceiling, our paper aims to carry out an exhaustive review of the scientific production of articles on the glass ceiling using bibliometric analysis.	1
In this context of this study, the modularity Q measures the extent to which a network can be divided into independent blocks, i.e., modules (Newman, 2006; Shibata, Kajikawa, Taked, & Matsushima, 2008).	0
Figure 1 shows the distribution of about 98 % of JCR journals according CJIF1, CJIF5 and CJIF10 respectively, this is, the changes in JIF from JIF0 to JIF1, JIF5 and JIF10.	4
Some of these terms do imply specific goals, but can also lead to misassumptions.	0
In this paper we contribute to the sociological analysis of higher education, on the one hand, and measurement and statistics, on the other.	5
The data collection for the BRs case study was achieved in about 11 minutes.	4
Received 10 September 2023; Received in revised form 31 July 2024; Accepted 29 October 2024	0
The Latin American scientific production on Communication shows a particular attention towards Health	0
The Spearman correlation coefficient was applied to examine the relationship between ResearchGate metrics and Scopus indicators as well as to determine the effect of each ResearchGate metric on the RG score.	3
The results of our work have a relevant implication for science policy.	5
The focus-group interviews were first categorized into one of Hall et al.'s respective project phases based on the year in which they were conducted, as follows: collaborative readiness (interviews conducted in 2015-2016), collaborative capacity (interviews conducted in 2017-2019), and research outputs (interviews conducted in 2020).	3
Considering these identified keywords linked to the green-energy nexus, the main sub-themes of the scientific production on green-related energy are: electro-physics, information and technology, bioenergy and energy policies.	4
This focus on collective responsibility is directly related to the rise of ‘statistical objectivity’, whose central feature is the ‘projection of debates about objectivity and subjectivity onto the patterns of results produced by collections of studies rather than the methodological details of individual studies' (Freese and Peterson, 2018: 290).	5
We find that paper quality is highest when total research grant funding is $1.9 million per year ($24.7 million for 13 years) and that quality declines gradually above this level.	4
We quantify “success” in terms of citations and in the process discover six distinct success trajectories which are prevalent across multidisciplinary datasets.	3
To estimate the prevalences of perceived honorary authorship and International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE)-defined honorary authorship, and identify factors affecting each rate in the physical medicine and rehabilitation literature.	1
This paper explores the role of the leading universities in the genesis and the evolution of the academic field of bibliometrics.	1
This study presented a detailed analysis of 100 most cited articles focused on CHD in recent decades, which provides insights into the circumstances and trends in preventing and treating CHD.	1
A secondary implication is that at least for this field, Google Scholar appears to be a reliable source of citation data for relative comparisons.	5
We see that among the journals that have an application pending, 42 percent (2074) have a CC license, while among those lost only 19 percent (550) had such a license.	4
For the four Nobel prize winners, limiting the citations with the RIF was more effective than the CCJ.	4
Of the cited references, 2,516 were journal articles.	4
The estimated effect is much larger than that of immigration policy, with bilateral visa restriction reducing average knowledge flows by about 18%.	4
All manuscripts published in the 38 ASCE journals were retrieved and analyzed.	2
Regional conflicts, socio-political instability, and lack of sustained support in the past decades for higher education and research have contributed to a widening rather than a narrowing gap in productivity with other countries (Figs 2 and 3).	5
These data were collected by the Mimir Project conducted at Stanford University by Daniel McFarland, Dan Jurafsky, Chris Manning, and Walter Powell.	0
Since this search has resulted in a large number of biomedical studies, we have restricted it to the "Agricultural and Biological Sciences" and "Environmental Science" fields.	2
I would like to thank Bluma Peritz for introducing me to the subject of bibliometrics, for her support and encouragement and for her very helpful remarks.	0
In general, top-ranked institutions were also highly central in both networks.	4
that were published in HIJs and (ii) A Mainland Chinese hospital as the affiliation of the first or corresponding author(s).	2
The position being advocated in this paper is that data should be put in the public domain, regardless of the methodology and package used to study it, and that it is always a good idea to test the same model with more than one package and method.	1
The results show that, regarding international communications, there is a low level of connectivity with other Latin American countries, but that the communications among Chilean authors are relatively important and particularly those with a group of local theorists who occupy central positions in the network.	4
Subject category-wise open access (OA) publications with and without article processing charges (APCs)	0
The source items (records of publications by the faculty members of Iraqi-Kurdistan universities) were all the documents published in international journals and proceedings indexed by Scopus (an Elsevier bibliographic database) for the years 1970-2012.	2
(c) Mission: research-university (contrast between research-university and comprehensive university); PhD granting university (contrast between PhD granting university and comprehensive university)	0
Most authors are core or middle layer contributors, i.e.	4
From this study we have concluded that K-index is much better suited for the field of Computer Science than h-index.	5
217) but might be disappointing for philosophers who invoke the importance of such a field.	4
The data were downloaded from RePEc on October 4, 2013 for the September 2013 update, at which time there were 1,797 journals and 37,599 authors in the RePEc database.	2
“Medical rescue” is the core key word, and it serves a pivotal “bridge” function.	5
Keyword searches (using VOSviewer) allowed us to narrow our search to the field of infectious diseases.	3
The research productivity of economics departments and tenure-track staff (associate and full professors) in Slovakia is analyzed based on journal publications and citations extracted from the SSCI database.	1
“Zipf's law” was the most cited concept (73.4 %), followed by “PLE” (11.8 %).	4
The diversification of the international research collaboration portfolio of a country by increasing the number of countries it collaborates with will in turn increase its degree centrality and result in a disproportionate increase in impact.	5
This study is concerned with a common problem in bibliometrics, whether the ratio of averages (or totals) can be used as a proxy for the average of the ratios of the individuals.	1
This study revealed the existence of three general patterns that govern how authors are ranked according to their specific roles in scientific publications.	4
ADAMS & GRILICHES [1996] were among the first to use formal statistical techniques to estimate scientific outputs from research investments and human resources, based on production function techniques used by economists.	0
A detailed analysis of scientific collaboration showed that some articles have up to 13 signers, with most collaborative articles being signed by two authors (35.86%; N = 104).	4
In regression analysis, T32 grants (β = 6.98, standard error [SE] = 1.87, P = .0004) and the time period after duty hour restrictions were introduced (β = 4.72, SE = 1.73, P = .0083) were positively associated with resident publications.	4
Comparatively, the UK and Australia show more co-authorship with each other as well with other countries.	4
Through a survey, this work investigates economics scholars' attitudes to OA, and attempts to outline the state of practices and norms governing individuals' publication choices.	1
Therefore, with the conversion of citations between databases, the shortcoming caused by the difficulty of using two databases in bibliometric performance indicators can be minimized.	5
Clickable links to the material are provided in the HTML text of this article on the Journals Web site (www.PRSJournal.com).	0
For each of the 26 subject categories from the ASJC classification, 14 keywords were identified to be used as input to estimate the subject coverage of databases.	2
Upon constructing the backbone network, a fast greedy algorithm [27] is used to define the optimal community structure of the graph using the cluster_fast_greedy algorithm also within the igraph package in R.	3
Our study employs a combination of state-of-the-art machine learning techniques for text understanding, including embeddings-based language model BERT, several systems for detection and semantic expansion of entities: ConceptNet, Pubtator and ScispaCy.	3
After just a decade, or several in the US context, the rankings have established themselves as a new sort of gatekeepers of higher education, a form of bureaucratic certification that has become the norm in both the private and public sectors (Post et al.	5
The most frequent 300 keywords in each year were clustered with this method to ease the subsequent cluster-interpretation process.	3
This study portrays an overview of the Technology Analysis & Strategic Management (TASM) Journal over the last 31 years.	1
This article selects the time scale of 2014–2018 to explore AAG's changes in the “global” themes and its contextually intertwined with China's “local” themes.	2
Journals published in academically peripheral countries were also more likely to engage in JIF inflation.	4
This study illustrates that the resolution of a controversy can depend on more than substantive arguments.	5
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Moreover, our link prediction model creates the basis of collaboration recommendations with an impressive accuracy (AUC: 0.990, MAP@3: 1.48 and MAP@5: 1.522).	4
Empirically, we examined the impact of these distances on the collaboration propensity at a global scale (193 countries) involving six scientific domains and three periods.	5
Received September 1, 2011; revised October 3, 2011; accepted October 5, 2011	0
To describe retracted papers originating from paper mills, including their characteristics, visibility, and impact over time, and the journals in which they were published.	1
Similarly, the Chinese Academy of Sciences, the Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, and Shanghai Jiao Tong University were ranked first, third, and fourth, respectively, among the top five co-institutions.	4
In the CLIS_KS shown in the table, “University Library" and related research forms the largest category, with 741 keywords.	4
Papers vary in their quality, denoted by q, which is uniformly distributed between 0 and 1.	2
The density of the whole network is relatively low; only 5% of the potential connections exist in the current network.	4
The screening of retracted publications for eligibility was conducted using the following inclusion criteria: ?	3
Did it also change international collaboration among researchers from the Eastern European countries?	1
The effect of the percolation probability, p, on cluster formation in percolation maps (25 x 25).	0
The figure shows that male applicants strongly outnumber their female counterparts.	4
My final sample consists of 93,558 R01 applications from 36,785 distinct investigators over the period 1992–2005.	2
Free-text responses illustrate the struggles some respondents face in terms of childcare during the pandemic.	0
In this subsection we briefly present the contributions of this paper.	0
This paper aims to present a current overview of the main productive and influential countries around the world in the tourism, leisure and hospitality field.	1
We make similar comparisons for top journals in finance (Journal of Financial Economics, Review of Financial Studies, and The Journal of Finance [JFE, RFS, and JOF, respectively]), management (Academy of Management Journal, Academy of Management Review, and Strategic Management Journal [AMJ, AMR, and SMJ, respectively]), and marketing (Journal of Marketing, Journal of Marketing Research, and Journal of Consumer Research [JOM, JMR, and JCR, respectively]).	2
Acceptance in blinded abstract evaluation often detects work published later, while rejected contributions still might represent high quality work suitable for publication in peer reviewed journals.	5
In contrast, peer review ranking can complement the list of journals in WoS by remedying some of the latter's shortcomings (eg bias towards US, English-language, generalist law journals), though it also has some shortcomings (eg possible subjective judgment by peers compiling the ranking).	5
Key characteristics are that patent citations are aggregated by patent family, and that not all citations are considered equal.	3
The next section will outline the details behind the construction of concrete hyperopic visions in order to make clear how the approach differs from the reviewed approaches in the way it guides empirical choices and interpretation in relation to the practice of visualizing.	0
The igraph implementation of the Louvain community detection algorithm (Blondel et al.	3
Focusing on the Italian case, we want to investigate the behavior of researchers in collaboration activities, showing which are the explanatory variables capable of determining a higher level of collaboration and therefore those that guarantee a greater degree of openness to the university.	1
For this we consider 50 HEIs with production rates greater than or equal to 30 articles per year (150 articles during this period), in journals indexed by Scopus.	2
The logistic regression shows that IDR variables (Rao-Stirling diversity—Variety, Balance, and Disparity) are significantly related to the production of knowledge on local issues.	4
Finally, this paper has demonstrated the intellectual vibrancy of research in B&M studies, although we have been unable to do justice to the range of subject areas addressed.	5
Despite fragile results, RCTs generate slightly moreattention as measured by select PlumX metrics.	5
China stands out with the fastest retracting speed compared to other countries.	4
1 Department of Cognitive Robotics, Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, Delft University of Technology, Delft, Netherlands	0
Recent evidence suggests that systematic reviews and meta-analyses often unwittingly cite retracted publications which, at least in some cases, may significantly impact quantitative effect estimates in meta-analyses.	2
To ensure consistency in the measurement of research productivity, we include only scholars who have published original papers indexed in Elsevier's Scopus database.	2
Our results show that lower ranked journals were the first to introduce digital services and were beneficiaries of the digital age.	4
We collected a total of 41,004 evolutionary biology articles published since the 1st January 2010 until 24th May 2017, the date of data retrieval.	2
The general conclusion is that IFs do contain some valuable information about the journals' citation impact, but that using them to rank journals is questionable practice.	1
The data samples in this study were taken from the list of academicians of CAS and CAE.	2
As Table 1 shows, Sport Sciences output has been carried out by 2,436 authors affiliated to 602 institutions from 47 different countries.	4
The community detection algorithm reaches a modularity optimum with 10 clusters, which we summarise by expert knowledge (as we will do for each clustering result in the following) as: mobility and transportation; imagery and GIS1; climate and environment; history and epistemology; sustainability, risk and planning; Economic geography; Territory and population; urban dynamics; statistics and modelling; and emotional geography.	4
This mathematical result shows that the greater the number of citing publications in a citation network, the greater the social impact.	4
of multi-authored paper; P=Author’s position in the by-line; LA = last author	0
For our study, we selected the Test of Time Award of the International Conference on Very Large Data Bases (VLDB), which is a prestigious publication venue in the area of database research.	3
Of these, 4295 (81.5%) were identified as journal articles by the submitting units.	2
Received 15 May 2019; Revised 18 September 2019; Accepted 8 November 2019; Published 2 December 2019	0
Henceforth, all references to results in the Additional file 1 have a prefix “S” (e.g.	0
We retrieve paper data from the Web of Science database, the advanced search query is as follow: TI =((Genetic* adj engineer* or DNA adj engineer*) and (vaccine* or antigen*)) or TS = ((Genetic* adj engineer* or DNA adj engineer*) and (vaccine* or antigen*)) or TI = ((nucleic* adj acid* or RNA) and (vaccine* or antigen*)) or TI = ((plasmid* adj DNA) and (vaccine * or antigen*)) not TI = (test or immunoassay adj detect* or detect*).	2
In other words, our findings suggest that the PBRF has failed to achieve its stated goal of increasing average research quality, but it has resulted in substantial gains in productivity achieved via large increases in the quantity of refereed journal articles.	5
This seriously challenged the assumption of all citations having equal contribution.	5
Y = 14.883 + 2.616 × 1 – 3.825 × 2 + 3.198 × 3 – 1.238 × 4	0
The trend of female first author over time (p < 0.05).	0
The archetype name was only used internally and never shown to the participants.	0
A balanced basic research and applied research maybe essential for fostering drug innovation because it is a complete chain translating from basic discovery to clinical evidence then to clinical practice.	5
Our findings indicate that researchers in middle-income countries receive more citations when researching diseases more prevalent in high-income countries, and this may divert the attention of researchers in these countries from diseases more prevalent in their contexts.	5
The present study applied the network analysis method in order to visualize co-authorship networks.	3
To assess the relationship of individual article citations in the sport sciences field with (1) Journal Impact Factor, (2) each article's open access status, and (3) Altmetric score components.	1
We consider both raw metrics and metrics normalized by the academic age of the researcher, which is defined as the number of years since the first paper (Table 1).	3
Yet, it was “recommended” in fairly short order, by 1903.	4
Multilevel regressions were performed to statistically confirm the differences between the predefined subgroups.	3
To celebrate this anniversary, this study presents a bibliometric overview of the leading trends of the journal over the past half century.	5
The evidence presented in this paper is consistent with the decision fatigue interpretation, although of course other explanations are also possible.	5
A cohort of 323 surgeons who completed general surgery residency between 1998 and 2012.	2
Collectively, these five significant variables explained 57.8% of the variance in adoption rate.	4
In addition, we collected a smaller comparison sample encompassing econometrics articles by the top ten leading countries only in order to assess whether more formal and mathematical economic articles travel the globe more easily.	2
In order to assess the impact of Covid-19, we use data from five (major) working paper series in economics obtained by scraping the RePEc website.	2
The first is the Mission Report of the IDRC review—Towards a Science and Technology Policy for a Democratic South Africa (IDRC, 1993).	2
Using a sample of Gates and NIH grant applications submitted by a common pool of US-based academic researchers, we find that despite significant institutional variation, there are consistent gender differences in scientific communication across a wide range of abstract text characteristics.	5
The purpose of this study is to gain a better understanding of the role of books in scientific communication in the social sciences.	1
Our experts all expressed that there are many more factors to account for in unmaking e-waste.	4
After the content analysis, we identified 23 tweets and Facebook posts providing linkages to information about social impact.	4
An anonymous survey had been sent to 8,188 people (3,317 women, 4,856 men, 12 undetermined and 4 generic email addresses- we obtained a total of 666 responses, of which 554 were complete) via email through the platform LimeSurvey (consent was given on the platform before starting the survey) in June 2021 and 2 reminders were then sent, ending in December 2021.	3
The results of this study which is based on the Scopus database in the period 1996–2017 suggest certain dichotomies.	5
Our analysis suggests that publication practices have changed considerably in the life sciences over the past 30 years.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at	0
As part of this, libraries must see themselves as key players in the production of scholarly information.	0
After contacting these PIs by e-mail, we compiled a final group of 26 persons, with equal numbers of those in Russia and in the US.	2
The base map was produced with VOSviewer software, which uses the visualisation of similarities (VOS) distance-based mapping technique (van Eck and Waltman, 2010).	3
Using this framework, we counter the claim that the use of bibliometric indicators in research assessment is pervasive in all advanced economies.	1
We used a Fisher's exact test (as implemented at https://www.socscistatistics.com/tests/fisher/default2.aspx) to compare the number of accepted versus non-accepted papers for each submission type.	3
This study proposes a method to automatically establish a narrow-sense knowledge structure for Chinese Library and Information Science (CLIS) using data from the Chinese Social Science Citation Index.	1
The contribution of this paper is in applying the "crown indicator" for the first time to departments in business and management (in the open scientific literature), in this case three Business Schools in the UK.	1
Generally speaking, the novel review system proposed essentially holds considerable advantages and prospects.	5
The aim of this study is to identify the power of text-based metrics (Cosine and Lucene similarity) and linked-based (Co-citation, bibliographic coupling, Amsler, PageRank, and HITS) and their combination in estimating the similarity of articles with each other.	1
Among 31 Asian countries, China stands at the top of the ranking with the highest publications in 2022, followed by Japan and India; however, Singapore leads in citations per document and Japan in h-index.	4
The aim of this manuscript is to assess the situation of medicine and environmental sciences among the bibliometric literature and to put it in perspective with the overall bibliometric publications in all scientific fields.	1
IF from Journal Citation Reports [8] were analysed for the years 2000–2010.	2
We investigated research papers published during 2001 and 2010 commonly recorded both in Scopus and J-GLOBAL databases.	2
This paper was presented at the COLLNET Extra Session on 28 July 2005, in Stockholm, Sweden.	0
For the five low-IF journals, Scopus records slightly more citations on average (3.80) than does WoS (3.52), but three of the five low-IF journals (Annals of Economics and Finance, Hitotsubashi Journal of Economics, and Journal of Korea Trade) do better in WoS than in Scopus (Table 4).	4
(2) What are the spatiotemporal patterns of IUSS-ECE evolution in these regions over the past 30 years?	1
Our final database covers the population of IMO participants who participated between 1981 and 2000 (4,710 people).	2
Publishing in Web of Science (WoS) and Scopus-indexed journals is a priority.	4
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=iocc20	0
AD, BC and PC related projects funded through FP5, FP6, FP7 and H2020 spanning 21 years (from 1st of January 1999, until 31st of December 2019) were analysed.	2
Self-Citing and Self-cited Rates for 87 Most Productive Semiconductor Journals (Ranked by journal productivity)	0
Correlation was lower with the JIF (r 0.68, P < 0.01).	4
Our research offers innovative applications of information ecology theory and structural hole theory, providing new insights into existing research on unsupervised community detection.	5
1; replicated with an alternative clustering approach in online Supplementary 2).	4
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
According to the above retrieval method, 1294 papers, 6052 references, and 6313 citations were obtained.	2
These findings partially contradict the traditional flying geese model and point out additional interpretations of the convergence and divergence of developmental paths among advanced countries and less developed nations.	5
Branco Ponomariov is associate professor in the Department of Public Administration at the University of Texas at San Antonio, 501 West Durango Blvd, DB 4.240, San Antonio, TX 78207, USA.	0
These results suggest that efforts to develop and reorganize academic units are not futile; rather, when value commitments are made concrete via research units like departments and centers, they can work as intended.	5
A total of 2,312 authors publishing at least five papers each were categorized as “average and highly productive” authors.	2
The authors and the forum jointly retain the copyright of the articles.	0
The authors would like to thank Norbert Pienta for his support of this update and for his generous sharing of publication data.	0
It makes recommendations for systematically promoting and strengthening public health research in the country.	1
Table 4: LIS Research Deficit at the Country Level During 2015-2019 in Asiatic Region	0
Table 1 Data gathered in PlumX for this study according to their source of origin	0
We use a longitudinal career dataset from Thomson Reuters Web of Science comprising 450 highly cited scientists, 83,693 articles, and 7,577,084 citations tracked over 387,103 publication years.	2
Quantitative data were summarized descriptively, and qualitative data were analyzed with NVivo.	3
The angular coordinates of nodes could be regarded as research contents of papers.	3
Therefore, based on the signatures on our open letter, we can conclude that researchers at all career stages, from a wide range of disciplines, and from across the world, are concerned about the implications of Plan S on scholarly communication and how collaborative research will be conducted in future.	4
We highlight robust rankings based on the harmonic mean of the ranks of RAMs across the four classes.	3
The training cohort consisted of all 259 submitted manuscripts of all eligible articles that were published in TI in the years 2011 or 2013.	2
Data captured in field notes and audio recordings obtained from the three data collection techniques were processed in three stages namely: data reduction, display, and verification/conclusion (Denzin and Lincoln 1994; Miles and Huberman 1994).	3
The social network that emerged was characterised by one giant component including 37,313 authors (in which 175 of the 452 African authors were located) and a large number of disconnected dyads and groups of 10 or less authors (including 14,321 authors of whom 277 were African).	0
BC = betweenness centrality; DC = degree centrality; EFF = redundancy or efficiency-based; CONS = constrained-based; RW = random walk.	0
Among 115 targeted universities, 33 universities were private universities, 31 universities were under control of Ministry of Education and Training, the rest was under control of other ministries or provincial governments.	2
This empirical study considered two distinct cases of co-authorship networks.	2
Although publication was widely spread, most of the institutions with the highest volume of output were in China.	4
Our results are aligned with literature findings, and we add understanding on the importance of mobility - especially international mobility to the activity of faculties.	5
Using Google Scholar, a web search engine of academic journals and other scholarly literature, designers' names and the titles of 888 DAP were searched from June to August 2018 to explore how one single DAP was directly cited or retrieved in other scholarly works.	3
His main fields of interests are: social theory, history of science, and sociology of science.	0
On the whole, our data are consistent with the existence of a hierarchy of sciences.	5
Publication in Medline-indexed journals was identified by querying the PubMed database for each resident's last name and the initial letter of their first name.	2
A total of 532 researchers received 1250 grants with 3844 cumulative years of funding amounting to $1,676,482,440.	4
The purpose of this article is to argue that current proponents of funding science by lottery overestimate the viability of peer review and thus unduly restrict the scope of lotteries in science funding practice.	1
Third, how do DB’s citation classics compare to citation classics, published in other related journals?	1
The pattern that emerges from the data shown in Tables 4, 5 and 6 is the close similarity to the trend observed for Mexican collaborations in recent years: a large percentage of papers co-authored with USA and European institutions, and few collaborations with Latin-American scientists [28, 29].	4
Received October 14, 2002; revised February 11, 2003; accepted April 24, 2003	0
This work was supported by a grant from the Spanish Ministry of Science and Technology (Dirección General de Investigación) and the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF/FEDER, project SEJ2007-66236/SOCI).	0
1Information Policy Research Group, Iranian Research Institute for Information Science and Technology (IranDoc), Tehran, Iran	0
We measure researcher's social connections to the editor in charge using four variables: Not connected to editors, Minimum distance from editors, Same department and Mentor-protégé.	3
41 papers published in 2020–2022 by the prolific authors in their affiliated journals had already received> 100 citations (Table 3).	4
These trends seem to be driven mainly by one of the scientific productivity sub-indicators, “Innovation”.	4
The OA marketplace is currently in a state of flux.	5
The analysis finds two main dimensions of online impact (RQ1).	5
As presented in Table 4, the greatest number of inter-faculty collaborations involve the faculties of Health Sciences and Science (179), followed by the faculties of Health Sciences and of Social Sciences (96), and then by the faculties of Health Sciences and of Engineering (83).	4
First, 17 journals with addresses in Turkey in Cabells' Predatory Report are examined in detail.	2
While China has the most publications, quality-wise Singapore excels in citations per document, and Japan leads in the h-index.	5
With the exception of Goodreads, all titles captured by the different metrics are text books in different subjects.	4
Does it pay off in terms of citations to issue an article as a working paper before it is published in a refereed journal?	1
Polarity uncertainty was measured by adapting Shannon's index of entropy (Shannon 1948).	3
This example shows national level (Norway), university level (OsloMet), Faculty Level (Technology, Art and Design) and department level (Department of Computer Science)	2
Our findings showed the significant role of collaboration and networking in research activities.	5
The performance of σego is tested with two data sets: Stack-Overflow data labeled with programing terms (SOFData) and APS publication data labeled with the PACS code (PACSData).	2
Neither differences in research position, disciplinary socialization nor gender strongly corresponded with clearly supportive or opposing positions with regard to grant lottery.	5
Are distinct types of mobility differently associated with higher or lower productivity?	1
Multivariate rankings with subjective weighting or no weighting at all are relatively unstable.	5
Our study contributes to the literature by providing a generalized multidisciplinary definition of open banking.	1
China is the top-performing country, with 338 universities, i.e.	4
(2013), that is, gender information of WoS authors was determined by matching names with universal and country-specific name lists (see Supplementary, https://www.nature.com/news/polopoly_fs/7.14227.1386700530!/suppinfoFile/504211a_ s1.pdf).	3
The findings show that size and composition of scientists' social networks have significant effect on their scientific performance.	4
It was organized by using a plugin created for the Open Journal Systems platform.	3
The EM journal number increased from 8 (all in English) in 2000 to 31 (26 in English) in 2019.	4
To calculate the correlations between the web-citations network and the others used to predict its structure the quadratic assignment procedure (QAP) from UCINET was used (Krackhardt 1987).	3
This study provides quantitative data-driven evidence and fills the knowledge gaps on the quantity and quality of research outputs and partnerships on Africa-related research, and the contribution and role of gender and local experts in advancing research on and with Africa by a U.S. university.	5
We tested for and found no evidence of statistical differences across the blocks.	0
Section 2 contains the overview of previous literature, mainly showing how time evolution of received citations has been studied by scholars in the recent past.	0
The study results show that there are several important themes with a high correlation in Chinese RecSys research, which is considered to be relatively focused, mature, and well-developed overall.	4
The eight sets of ratings data were preprocessed by standardizing to mean zero and unit variance, and, if necessary, log transformation to remove skewness.	3
Citing journal analysis also reflected EJMSTE is very closely allied with some other journals within in other academic knowledge domain, such as anthropology.	5
We also use an advanced search method to retrieve patent data from the Derwent Innovation Index database.	2
Several sets of references of decreasing relevance were thus created by automatic selection:	0
The purpose of this article is to test this claim against international independent measures of quality using bibliometric indicators.	1
These references contain a total of 40,006 cited references that were also analyzed for this study (see Table 1 for a breakdown of the types of publications).	2
The main findings showed a rapid increase in intellectual production led by Spain and Portugal, which also constitute most of the citations.	4
Globally, the USA dominated studies of coastal flooding, with the largest number of single country and internationally collaborative publications, followed by the UK, Australia, China, and France.	5
Among all the innovation paradigms, technological innovation has become one of the leading factors in market competition and the pursuit of competitive advantage between countries, regions, and enterprises.	0
Our research design is a case study of two territories within Colombia (departments of Santander and Caldas).	2
The author wishes to thank Mike Thelwall for his helpful comments on an early version of this manuscript and the anonymous reviewers for their constructive comments.	0
We use WHO data on the Global Burden of Disease as a proxy measure of health needs and bibliometric information as a proxy for research efforts.	2
A total of 3,089 papers have been published globally on camel research during the last 10 years from 2003 to 2012.	2
This leaves room for interpretation for Committee Members but also makes it difficult for applicants to decide whether or not they meet the criteria.	0
We use scientometric analysis methods on an original data set of 1328 peer-reviewed journal publications to examine publication trends including a co-authorship network analysis, links between author origin and research locations as well as a quantitative analysis of terminology use over space (i.e., region) and time.	3
Superficially, there seemed a geographical disparity, with 123 (82%) grants being awarded to researchers in England, London receiving 48 (32%) of these.	4
Dexter has been elected chairman of the Western New York Section for 1969.	0
Are there any differences between the two disciplines?	1
This article reflects the comparison of downloads, readership and citation data for the Journal of Medical Hypotheses and Ideas.	1
By analyzing the co-authorship networks, the position of universities in the academic network and the structure of collaborations among the participants were examined.	3
Both the clustering coefficient and the transitivity decrease progressively and stably.	4
In terms of studying governance effects on scientific fields, this paper, we posit, constitutes another step towards capturing second-level effects, or governance effects that change—epistemically and structurally—total research fields at potentially global scale, i.e.	5
Relaying on the above, the third finding is that acknowledgement strengthens co-authorship and citation to a large degree.	5
The analysed set of 334 SAAs obtained a total of 74,430 citations (in 10/2018), resulting in an average of 222.8 citations per SAA (230.8 citations per SAA published in Nature and 210.5 citations per SAA published in Science).	4
Microsoft Academic's ability to extract citations from sources not indexed by BKCI seems to be an advantage for citation analysis of academic books, although it seems to have too few records for academic books to be useful for comprehensive research evaluations.	5
We thank the Institute for International Education and Jerry Murphy for the Fulbright directories.	0
Further, we study the reciprocity among fields through citation interactions and notice that links from one field to related and citation-intensive fields (fields producing large number of citations) are reciprocated heavily.	4
Please let us know if you believe their inclusion adds value to the manuscript.	0
In regard to particularistic variables, the biggest positive effects are seen for GDP: The odds of being included by WoS for journals in the middle and top tertiles are, respectively, 8 (CI: 4–16) and 12 (CI: 6–24) times higher than for journals in the lowest tertile.	4
The proportion of retractions is 2.0 per 10,000 publications.	4
In 1979 Liu published his first CNKI paper, in 2020 the last one, totaling 328 CNKI papers.	2
The aim of our pilot study is to explore patients' willingness and perceptions of exercise being discussed and prescribed in the ED.	1
In this study, we identified and reviewed the top 100 most-cited articles associated with sTBI.	1
At the CCC, 22.7% of surgeons had a history of or current NIH funding, compared with 15.8% at the NCICC and 11.8% at the non-NCI centers.	4
The objective as in the space science study is to use traditional citation analysis methodology to investigate the impact of earth science CS (ESCS) projects compared to non-ESCS projects.	1
The regression analysis indicated a compound annual growth rate of approximately 11% globally in ethnobotanical publications and the volume of publications doubles every approximately six years.	4
0.33, p=0.01) than those printed in other languages.	4
The social network was built in the R programming environment using the network analysis package igraph (Csardi and Nepusz</PERSON>, 2006).	3
This paper provides an analysis of the scientific and technical literature on Radar Altimetry.	1
Similarly, twenty-eight frequently cited authors were identified, with Noam Chomsky ranking first.	4
For calculating the percentage of cognitive and social related terms, we used the internal dictionary of the Linguistic Inquiry and Word Count (LIWC) software, version 2015 (Pennebaker et al., 2001).	3
In the paper, we address four research questions.	1
Pediatric burns research has evolved from an associated, dispersed entity into a consolidated sub-specialty that has been successfully integrated into mainstream burns journals.	5
Unsolicited email requests from surgery-related journals were collected over a 3-month period.	2
We applied a mixed-methods design including a qualitative content analysis of pre-interviews, focus-group interviews, and documents as well as a quantitative analysis of research (scientific publications, books, conference participations) and training outcomes (supervised bachelor's, master's, and Ph.D.	3
Concerning the factors influencing the self-citation rate, our model explained about 33% of the data variance (Adjusted R2=0.33, df=155, p<2.11e-13) (see in the Table 4, the equation parameters of this model).	4
A single outlier (with 642 authors) published in 2020 was removed.	0
We achieved the maximum coherence with a topic number of t = 22.	4
Current results do not show significant differences in how the two maps were remembered or used by participants, except that hexmap users spent a lot more time looking at and memorizing the labels on the hexmap.	5
With an uncited paper ratio of only 8.1%, TOSEM also ranks the highest in this aspect.	4
In both the whole network and the Ph.D.-institution network, standard node-level metrics were calculated, including out-degree (the number of outgoing ties from a node, or academic placements by that institution), eigenvector centrality (weighted centrality), and reciprocity.	3
Are there any discipline-specific differences that are shared by the GS and the GN?	1
We thank, without implication, Harry Recher, Helmut Abt and an anonymous reviewer for helpful reviews.	0
As the results revealed, researchers’ participation in the ResearchGate social network is effective in increasing citation indicators, including the number of citations and h-index.	5
A popular compromise is the use of quartiles, which is not a true impact indicator, but instead, as in the case of the h-index, an output measure.	4
The present bibliometric analysis provides a comprehensive overview of the focused scientific literature, shedding light on the current state of research and identifying potential avenues for future exploration.	5
we find that an inventor's premature death causes a large and long-lasting decline in their co-inventor's earnings and citation-weighted patents (–4 percent and –15 percent after 8 years, respectively).	4
Finally, we obtained 57,994 articles as our experimental data.	2
Our objective was to investigate the degree to which interdisciplinary teams studying coupled natural-human systems publish research that displays two-way linkages between systems.	1
ATM aims at extracting information about authors and topics from a large text collection simultaneously.	3
Our approach has shown the prominence, not only of the larger institutions of the country, but also some intermediate and, remarkably, small ones with outstanding scores in scientometric indicators.	5
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
In contrast, those articles assigned to the comparison group were those published during the time period 2000-2004, before this internal copyediting was available to faculty authors.	2
Our findings indicate that, in terms of places of publication, the distance between peer reviewed and non-peer reviewed SSH book literature is growing.	4
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/374574013	0
The defined FP can be considered as a map of Russian PI.	5
Citation counts were extracted using two citation metrics: Google Scholar (GS) and Sc.	3
The USA contributed the most articles (n=61), followed by UK (n=30), Finland (n=14), Germany (n=13) and Canada (n=12).	4
To obtain pure collaboration between authors, we included only original papers, excluding book reviews or editorials.	2
Lastly, this article gives some insight for editors and scholars related to AJTI.	5
European Union publications are grouped, and it is the top one publishing zone in the world, followed by China, USA, and Japan.	4
During the final study, carried out in 2011, some websites became inaccessible, so that the final study population consisted of 287 websites.	2
The reason for the greater NSC effectiveness over ERC may be due to various factors, such as (1) lower labour costs in Poland, (2) preference of publishing papers in journals over conference proceedings (refers only to some disciplines), (3) additional parallel sources of funding research, (4) clearer expectations regarding project outcome in NSC and more.	5
This paper presents a focused study of the national innovation policy configurations of the two largest, formerly planned, economies in the world.	1
The primary source was the NSF Indicators battery (National Science Board 2014), which is dominated by true-false items relating to basic propositions in the physical and biological sciences (e.g.	3
The overlay maps are created from data archives of the global patent map saved in the ‘.paj’ format from the Pajek software.	3
The sample shows that in radio studies scholars have high qualifications – 74% of researchers are PhD holders and 10% Post-Graduate students (47 and 10 respectively)- although there are important differences between countries.	4
The research findings are subsequently presented, and a discussion is rendered.	0
Despite the stereotype of the DH researcher as one who engages in collaborative research and publishes multi-authored papers, our findings indicate that single authorship is predominant in the sample we took from some of the core journals of the field (CHum (1966–2004) and LLC (1986– 2011).	5
Notes: Correlation coefficient between ranks based on article equivalents (45 journals) and (a) article equivalents (21 journals) is 0.972; (b) AER-page equivalents (45 journals) is 0.995; (c) quality-adjusted AER-page equivalents (45 journals) is 0.979.	0
We studied download characteristics of internationally pirated radiology journal articles.	1
According to the responses, the research projects fall within three macro-themes: 'Buildings and plants for food and plant production', 'Livestock building and precision livestock farming', and 'Territory, landscape and rural buildings'.	4
This paper analyses COVID-19 research papers in international collaboration by Indian researchers indexed in the web of Science core collection database through co-authorship.	1
The most prevalent unsupported assertion category was Specific activities/approaches (e.g., group discussions, flipped classes, inquiry-based learning) other than the general approach of active learning are effective (assertions with a USI code = 16.93%).	4
To address this conceptual confusion, we organise the various claims around this issue of ‘difference', to see whether there is indeed simply a disagreement between arts and humanities researchers who argue they should be allowed to be less useful, and policy-makers, who do not.	3
The high BCN modularity could be explained by the dissension vs.	5
Results show that tiny and sparse networks - characterized by a high Betweenness centrality and a high Average path length - achieved more citations per document than dense and compact networks - described by a high Clustering coefficient and a high Average degree.	4
Based on social network analysis and text mining, our analysis suggests that more multidisciplinary institutions are not necessarily more collaborative, although they do feature collaborations that are more interdisciplinary.	4
Currently, the journal seems to publish more on topics focused on evolutionary computation rather than the other two areas.	5
Does a bibliometric analysis confirm the established esteem-factor approach to define IRS?	1
Our final suggestion is to use bibliometric indicators as an auxiliary instrument, offering objective information which can then be complemented with other relevant information that directly or indirectly impacts the scientific performance of researchers.	5
In November 2017, we searched Scopus to identify articles with the following string: TITLE-ABS-KEY (ethnopharmacology OR ethnopharmacological OR ethnobotany OR ethnobotanical OR ethnomedicine OR ethnomedical OR “medicinal plant” OR “folk medicine” OR “traditional medicine”).	2
The data provider (librarian) and the decision committee should be independent entities.	3
In order to fulfill the discussed research gaps in the literature, a graph data science-oriented methodology was developed, combining machine learning, complex network analysis and graph embeddings techniques to evaluate research groups concerning temporal metadata, in addition to temporal cohesion analysis.	5
On average 69 percent of the meeting time was dedicated to scientific presentations about recent developments in the research field or researchers' experimental and theoretical work and 23 percent of the meeting time was spent in discussions related to these presentations.	4
Accordingly, a total of 344 peer-reviewed journal articles was retained for analysis, while 162 were excluded.	2
(2008) defined the relative citation count c f of paper i as c f := c i /μ f i (c), where μ f i (c) denotes the mean citation count for papers published in the same field and year as paper i.	3
Also, we draw on the fractional counting of co-authored papers considering the differential contribution of each author in which the contribution of a lead or corresponding author is counted as 2 / (n + 2) and that of other authors as 1 / (n + 2) with n being the total number of authors upper-bounded at 15 for more than 15 authors.	3
The analysis involves 245 cities in which authors produced at least 10,000 publications during 2014–2016.	2
In order to deal with the problem in identifying development paths in interdisciplinary research areas, this paper proposes a new main path analysis method.	1
https://doi.org/10.1007/s1119 2-017-2582-9), we delve into the relationship among full-text research items uploaded in that platform, full-text reads of the same items, and the so-called RG Score.	1
The objective of this study is to illustrate a webometric and altmetric method to determine the use and interest on a case study of scientific-purpose software: VOSviewer.	1
We do not find robust significant associations between cognitive proximity or institutional proximity with the intensity of international research collaboration.	4
This study conducted a comprehensive bibliometric analysis to critically examine the productivity and impact of retrieved publications on COVID-19 VE and to predict the future directions of research in the field.	1
Section 3 presents the study's five research questions, which include a comparison between publication patterns in the UK and the USA.	1
b Department of Epidemiology, Institute of Social Medicine, Rio de Janeiro State University, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil	0
If we conduct a country-specific study, will the correlation of the Mendeley readership score and the citation count be similar to the earlier studies or not?	1
Forty-four LIS schools ranked by the US News & World Report1 were investigated.	2
We find that innovations are disproportionately more likely in the periphery of the bibliographic coupling network, suggesting that the relative freedom allowed by remaining unconnected with well-established lines of research could be beneficial to creating novel and lasting change.	4
Table 1 presents the names of the nine ecologists with institutional address in Chile that appear in the whole trajectory (career-long) impact ranking.	4
85% of these HCR are professors and 13% have doctorates.	4
Reviews with group authorships took median three years to publish, and very few of group authorships in Cochrane complied with the ICMJE authorship criteria.	5
The monitoring model and its implementation as defined by the above mentioned documentation is analysed following the five stages of SCOPE (explained already in detail in Section 2.1).	3
Generally, combining the citation curves of the EKB, LKB and ERT can help to better analyse the development pattern of ERTs, and thus help to better assess the potential of ERTs to become breakthrough innovations.	5
To give deep insights into COVID-19 related research, we obtain a large-scale scholarly dataset from the COVID-19 Open Research Dataset (CORD-19) [15].	2
PubMed was used by each site to search by name and institution for all PRPS during the study period.	3
There is no idea, though ancient and absurd, that could not enhance our understanding (by P.	0
The high global clustering coefficient (0.9) coupled with a short average distance between researchers (4.34) suggests a "small-world phenomenon."	4
As noted by an anonymous reviewer, this raises the issue of whether such evaluations are worth conducting if contracts (particularly for bundled packages) prohibit making changes.	0
Therefore, they offer more coverage and presence than classic WoS citations.	5
The IF is an arithmetic mean, so it seems it might depend on only a few highly cited papers.	0
Podemos concluir, por tanto, que todas las universidades pertenecientes a Shanghai no mostraron los mejores comportamientos en cuanto a Rendimiento, Graduación y Abandono.	5
All values, except those in boldface, are statistically significant at the level a = 0.05.	0
Distribution of RSCI-2018 economics journals by quartiles in the Science Index ranking.	0
The paper argues that inherent, multiple ambivalences of the RAE as a governance technology operate at the transition points between traditional and contemporary forms of governing and account for the mixed picture of its impacts at system, field, institutional, and individual level.	1
We also would like to thank Marina Martin-Gisbert for her preliminary work on describing the temporary submissions series and, concretely, for her help on data visualization, creating the plots shown in Figs.	0
The sample of journals for this exploratory study is defined as those contained in the Australian Research Council's 'Field of Research 1303 Specialist Studies in Education' and that are educational technology or higher education generalist English language journals with Tier ranking ‘A*' or 'A' (except for including two 'B' journals in the educational technology sample and, for space reasons, omitting three 'A' journals, Journal of Computer Assisted Learning, Instructional Science, and Higher Education Review) (Australian Research Council [ARC], 2008).	2
Since then, the average article length has been increasing, and this trend was extremely clear in the 21st century.	4
We used the Kolmogrov- Smirnov test to identify normality of distribution and found a non-normal distribution in both SCR and IF.	3
Firstly, research supervisory bodies should use a good measure of journal quality and construct the rating that is monotone with this measure.	5
(1) Are stated preference (subjective) journal ratings more closely related to size-dependent citation metrics (eigenfactor and total citations, which represent the impact of the journal as a whole) or to size-independent citation metrics (article influence and CiteScore, which represent the impact of a typical article)?	1
The highest incidence occurs in the Physics UDA, which has an overall Italian research staff of 2617 professors and 620 TSs(1%) (23.7% of total faculty).	4
The first goal is to compare the citation rates of psychology articles on COVID-19 pandemic to those related to other topics and published since the pandemic outbreak.	1
Team learning is an essential skill for the knowledge economy, and higher education should foster team learning so students can learn the skills needed to collaboratively build knowledge as a member of a team.	5
1 Tel.: +34 954 55 43 10; fax: +34 954 55 69 89.	0
We chose a subset of 453 articles – those published in 2014 and 2016 - for additional impact analysis.	2
The results of the statistical analysis to identify factors that affect on the status of Webometric rankings of Sri Lankan state universities proved that the number of in-links, rich files, and Google Scholar files have comparatively higher contributions on Web performance.	5
The results of this study including over 17 million PubMed entries support the hypothesis that between 2000 and 2020 there had been a significant increase in the mean number of authors of biomedical publications and a decrease of single-authored papers over time, in general and for analyzed publication types (summarized in Tables 2 and 3).	5
This article will present the findings of our small faculty-based OA survey, with particular attention to HSS academics (and within this subject group, particular attention to the arts and humanities), their perceptions of OA, and the impediments they encounter.	1
This paper examines the societal impact of research from the perspective of interconnected genres.	1
Next, the unbiased clustering mixing coefficient ra is significantly lower in DBLP database (P-value = 0.017; see Table 3 and Fig.	4
Moving beyond a focus on citations and patents as measures of scientific progress, we propose a survey to define a wider set of indicators that program officers and advisory committees could use to make interim assessments of Big Science programs and their in-progress research.	1
The most important factor is the number of documents, followed by the number of citations, the type of university, the size, and finally the location.	4
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—January 2014 193	0
For simulating and analyzing such a novel process of peer review, a parallel model is developed via inheriting and extending the model in [2].	3
We suggest that for a multidisciplinary institution, more coordination, management, and incentives may be necessary to fully exploit the potential benefits of multidisciplinary diversity in stimulating more intra-organizational research collaborations that span disciplinary boundaries.	5
Class 1 is the largest of the four classes (42% of the sample).	4
Quantitative performance indicators are endemic to the Russian academic landscape.	5
The average and median values of each data set are also shown.	0
Customizable summary and project reports can be created with an option of emailing them as attachments.	4
InCites? belongs to Clarivate Analytics and uses data from the Web of Science, while SciVal? is from Elsevier and based on Scopus data.	2
Figure 4: The number of new authors across disciplines during the 2008–18 period.	0
The research presented in this paper is based on Web of Science (2019) Core Collection data for years 1998, 2008 and 2018, extracted from the database in June 2019.	2
For all participants, the h-index on WoS is the most important one (median 2; however, with a wide dispersion of IQR 3), leaving Scopus and Google Scholar behind it (median 3, IQR 2 for both services).	4
Visualization of technological and organizational maps is also per- formed following Harel and Koren (2002)'s force directed placement technique.	3
Simultaneously, a total of 402,795 articles—with headings provided by PubMed—were found in PubMed, with an average of 3,946 articles per journal.	4
(2016), we present a basic model of competition between academic journals for reader's attention.	3
A strong degree of β-convergence was found for the period 2012–2018.	4
The story wall of each paper is explained in more detail in Appendix 2.	0
The result is a directed citation network including 2077 nodes (cited authors) and 73,585 edges.	2
In this study, 36 204 scientists were identified as a result of scanning the keywords listed in the Materials and methods.	2
The six main research fields with highly active topics were confirmed by analysis and visualization.	4
Using Hierarchical Cluster Analysis (HCA), coastal flooding studies were divided into two distinct phases based on the composition of 226 of the most frequent key words for coastal flooding research (Fig.	4
2007; Boschma 2005): language similarities may encourage collaboration even over long distances.	5
The study had an observational descriptive cross-sectional design, that elicited researchers' perceptions of accessibility and the resources, institutional and non-institutional used to access the scientific information.	2
In the re-sampling process, we use Bootstrap, where every sample is generated randomly with replacement, that is every sample is drawn, recorded and then put back before the next drawing.	3
almost 70% (68%) of the population surveyed considers their participation in trials as significantly important for their professional growth.	4
These dissertations are divided into two classes according to their score by the threshold 90.	2
All databases have better performances on recent publications than earlier ones.	4
Most articles were authored by Brazilian researchers from public universities.	4
Overall, our analysis casts doubts on the view that being featured on the cover of a prestigious scientific journal results in a boost in the number of citations received by an author.	5
This paper proposes a simple composite method to jointly deploy the weighted and unweighted Euclidean indices.	5
For each book, I then manually compiled the number of citations in the year of publication plus five years— that is, through 2009 for books published in 2004, and through 2010 for books published in 2005.	2
Of the 71,219 references, only 4457 were Web references (6.26%) (Appendix: Table 5), i.e.	4
Readers should note that the Altmetric score is a dynamic measure and may alter over time.	0
Spearman's rank correlation coefficient (p) was used to assess correlation between ordinal and continuous variables (e.g., level of evidence by citation count, citation density, year of publication).	3
3 and 4 the corresponding results for M.	2
This cross-sectional bibliometric analysis identified the top 5 general medicine journals using the 2017 Journal Citations Report.	2
Social psychology, both as a body of knowledge and as a professional practice, is thus placed under the jurisdiction of statistics, a meta-knowledge that allows its representants to judge the soundness of research carried out in another discipline and without having to justify any knowledge of the objects studied in the said discipline.	4
We adopted data provided by Politecnico di Milano and école Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) on the PhD holders who had completed their PhD at the two universities, focusing on engineering faculties (in Table 1 we refer to this source as "Main data").	2
In comparison to other measures, our measure showed a higher accuracy and reliability.	4
Open access of COVID-19 papers in the LIS journal was 62%, and the most frequent open access type was green (Table 8).	4
We employ panel data encompassing 287 prefecture-level cities in China from 2010 to 2020 and incorporates 46 secondary indicators to devise an index system pertinent to sustainable urban development.	2
We also acknowledge Noriyuki Morichika and Naohiro Shichijo for technical support.	0
We gathered author satisfaction data from 936 surveys between July 2017 and December 2018 and analyzed the number of editing requests and research publications by segmented regression analysis of interrupted time series data.	2
The clustering result clearly suggests the existence of evergreens as a general type of citation trajectory, in addition to previously documented normal and delayed documents.	4
The analysis is not, however, restricted to just the journal articles themselves, but, crucially, also focuses in detail on their references or citations.	3
The application of the indicator to the evaluation of the Italian university system at various levels (field, discipline and overall institutions) provides a useful test for the empirical evaluation of the indicator itself, and of the method of its calculation at the different levels.	5
News ranking process and establishing a threshold for “noise,” this research establishes the impacts that planned or incidental changes have on a ranking process where the inputs are always varying.	5
Because the model gives the probability of a journal belonging to tercils, we select the one with the highest probability.	0
Therefore, we have compared our results with these techniques to evaluate the proposed study.	0
With regard to history, more than 35% of the journals are allocated 20 points (compared to the planned 25%), and it has fewer journals than biology in all the tiers above 40 points.	4
All in all, when the goal is to measure scientific competence or scientific performance, the JIF seems a particularly bad choice as proxy.	5
Journals in the fields of social sciences and humanities have lower temporal and cross-discipline rank- ing stability compared to those in “hard” sciences.	4
The R2 distribution median is 0.966, and the mean R2 is 0.955.	4
Scopus database was used to extract data, and the statistical software package SPSS was used to analyze.	2
Data and methods used are then described, followed by a characterization of the two maps.	0
This quantitative research study explores the external factors of plagiarism among university students in Pakistan.	1
The 20 top-ranked countries based on volume of articles published in the field of surgery, as per SCImago Country Rank, were selected for inclusion.	2
The networks include publication and journal co-citation networks and keyword co-occurrence network.	3
To investigate which of the SciVal metrics predict lifetime performance indicators, robust regression analyses were run using the R essentials extension in SPSS 25 which uses the mass package (Venables & Ripley, 2002) in R (R Core Team</ORGANIZATION>, 2019).	3
The survey instrument was designed to measure the range of activities faculty could use to teach and shape responsible research skills in their PhD trainee.	3
The explosion of publications and citations prompts the reexamination of the term citation classics.	5
As the Segal’s law says, “A man with a watch knows what time it is.	0
I am very grateful to Jon Lorsch, Mike Lauer, and their many colleagues at NIGMS and the Office of Extramural Research whose data and analysis form much of the foundation of this piece.	0
A replication package with the results data and Python scripts used for the statistical analysis and charting of the reported example studies is also available on Zenodo doi: 10.5281/zenodo.	0
These results were analyzed to evaluate the relative performance of each database in identifying citations for articles, and to determine whether one source might be preferable to another in different circumstances.	1
Across a range of creative domains, individual careers are characterized by hot streaks, which are bursts of high-impact works clustered together in close succession.	1
Our results show that, although African medical research capacity is still very weak and greatly dependant on public non-African and philanthropic funders, medical research specialisation in sub-Saharan Africa is generally associated with its disease burden.	4
Ultimately, a total of 10,628 ICT policies were retained, principally in the types of departmental regulatory documents, departmental working documents, local regulatory documents, and local working documents.	2
The purpose of this paper is to analyse and compare, in terms of period representativeness, the common methods used for selecting a sample of the highly impactful papers in a field/ journal.	1
The three main goals of this work are, specifically: 1) Analysis of evolution of technology terminology use in educational technology research titles 2) investigation of complexity evolution in educational technology research paper titles.	1
Top 400 cited publications defined by Scopus as 'articles' were examined.	2
Generally, this gave the informant a new terminology to describe and recap their previous points on investments and outcomes.	0
In DOAJ, there were 123 publishers matching up with entries in Beall’s list out of the 5,456 total publishers shown.	4
In a nutshell, self-consistency implies that if journal J?	3
The distribution is strongly skewed toward positive review ratings: over three fourth approved (267 reviews, 75.4%), nearly one fourth approved with reservations (84 reviews, 23.7%), and less than 1% (three reviews, 0.9%) rejected the article under review.	4
In other words, the percentile citation-based method reduces the year of publication?epresentativeness bias.	5
Data were based on the Science Social Citation Index, from the Institute of Scientific Information Web of Science database.	2
Descriptive research design was used for the study.	3
We propose a new measure, called intermediacy, for tracing the historical development of scientific knowledge.	1
DB’s citation classics compared favorably with those of other journals on the citation classic ratio.	5
It is included to stimulate additional discussion of the contribution of research to public knowledge.	0
Using the results of the quantitative assessment, we derived a conceptualization of the potential negative impacts of predatory OA journals on aquaculture research.	3
What is a statistically significant relationship between readiness for OA and perceived challenges in adopting OA publishing?	1
Two authors (AU and KT) carried out online searches of articles published in each of these journals over a 5-year period from January 2009 to December 2013.	2
The publication year spans from 2000 to 2017.	2
The results validate the effectiveness of the peer review system to a certain extent.	5
To conduct a bibliographic analysis of the indexed literature relating to scope of practice in nursing so as to identify underlying patterns in journal publication, volume of scholarly work over time, countries of origin, central contributors, academic affiliation and the major dimension of the studies conducted.	1
We acknowledge funding received from the University of Malaya, Malaysia (UMRG-RP001C-15HNE), which made it possible to undertake this research.	0
These examples highlight just a few of the many published social science citation analyses; they are not meant to be exhaustive but to give a general idea of the range of findings.	0
*On staff for at least three years in the 2014–2018 period	0
Summary of the data that were used for the bibliometric analysis.	0
The ranking for accumulated impact factors as follows: USA, UK, Japan, Germany, France and China.	4
By looking at eight years of editorial decisions in four computer science journals, including 7179 observations on 2913 submissions, we reconstructed author/referee-submission networks.	2
We confirmed that in Slovenia the fragmentation of funding and the collaboration (as observed through the co-authorship of publications) of scientists within and beyond national borders both have a very strong positive effect on SE.	5
GS was selected to measure the performance metrics reported in this study because it is considerably more comprehensive in its coverage of publications in the broader business and management research field in which tourism is usually situated (Harzing & van der Wal, 2009).	3
During the first semester of 2020-2021, classes for Linear Circuit Analysis subjects (Mechanical Engineering Degree, Miguel Hernandez University of Elche, Spain) were taught in a dual way because of the COVID-19 pandemic: students were able to attend in-person or online, as long as the in-person attendance limit was not surpassed.	1
The findings presented here indicate that the conference proceedings provide (necessary) means to extend the analysis of publications in particular for fields in which the dissemination of scientific results often happens at conferences.	5
For the Simon model, x2 = 510.77 and for the Price model x2 = 3,093.81.	4
Based on this result we conclude that non-English papers receive less citations than English-language ones.	5
Sharing the Prize for the same research has also a statistically significant impact on the Nobel delay since adding one more recipient for the same research extends the time lag up to 1.135 years (Column 4).	4
The effect plateaus at 1.85 more papers per hundred pairs five years after the move.	4
The authors selected only those journals that were categorised with LIS as the primary subject.	2
As such, the present article constitutes a refinement of a previous proposal that operates on the level of Web of Science subject categories.	5
Two, for how long does the effect last?	1
We conducted a binomial analysis to assess whether the proportion of national and international citations follows the expected proportion considering the total number of published studies.	3
Received 6 February 2021; Received in revised form 14 May 2021; Accepted 17 June 2021	0
(2) What mechanisms account for their impact on the knowledge creation of other scientists?	1
Research—pursuit of new knowledge and its dissemination—is the soul of academia.	0
The small but focused snapshot of research afforded by the Nature Index helps fine-tune analysis of global scientific collaboration, say Jonathan Adams and Tamar Loach.	1
Building on the Elsevier OA price list, company balance sheet figures, and ScienceDirect data, tentative answers to three questions are outlined using a Monte Carlo approach to deal with the uncertainty inherent in the inputs.	3
The data for the study consists of documents (articles including proceedings, papers and reviews) published in 58 Management Information System journals (Appendix 1) between 1990 and 2010 inclusive in Clarivate Analytics Web of Science?	2
2014; Batagelj 2014), which determines for each arc the weight which is equal to the probability that a random path through the network passes through this arc.	3
The other two corresponded to the category of Legal Medicine of the 2013 version of the SCI (Science Citation Index).	2
What types of public health policy documents were available, to what extent did these cite research, and how feasible was it to extract citation information from these documents?	1
While this article was written in 2015, the citation counts could only focus on one Nature supplement published in December 2011, because other university-sponsored supplements found by the author of this article were either published too recently (in 2014) to do citation counts, or not indexed by Scopus and Web of Science (two 2012 Science supplements).	2
We suggest that, as journals become increasingly interested in measuring dissemination, publishers may look to capture altmetrics and other related translation figures across a broader range of platforms and potentialities.	5
Bibliometric indicators were measured in the following four categories: global impact of the department; productivity; impact disclosed by published papers; and combined indicators.	3
This article focuses on the relative roles of the first author and their team in getting published in higher impact journals, as a proxy for conducting high quality research.	1
The different citation practices of the BRICS journalism researchers can be explained by the concept of linguistic segregation (Gazni et al., 2012; Schubert & Glanzel, 2006).	5
The main hypothesis is that academic mobility matters when analyzing the effects of endogamy on scientific output.	1
For this purpose, the article employs the concept of the “scientific field” developed by the sociologist Pierre Bourdieu and the associated methodology of Geometric Data Analysis (GDA).	1
The LDI for a journal could be defined as the average of the LDIs of the articles it published in the previous year.	3
We generated a sample-based rarefaction curve using the “iNEXT" package [43] in R [44] to evaluate whether our sample size of survey responses was sufficient to reflect the potential diversity of author contributions.	3
Keywords Nanotechnology · Public values · Science and technology policy · Public policy analysis	0
Results indicate that the authors citing behavior largely follows the cumulative advantage pattern.	5
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
We find that one in three professors get their undergraduate degrees abroad and one in eight professors get their PhD degrees abroad in such universities.	5
Among these 1015 published items, around 57 % of the 1,015 published items were in German and 40 % were in English.	4
Conference articles, lecture notes, theses and books are explicitly removed from the search.	0
We find an increase in the number of higher education publications in both specialized and non-specialized higher education journals, although at a much faster rate in the latter.	4
This study examines contemporary Political Psychology in Latin America, by means of a bibliometric approach, for the period 2000-2010.	1
Based on its momentum in recent years, we anticipate IREF moving to a leading journal in the near future.	5
Using citation analysis, this study examines the use, prevalence and jurisdiction of government information use among seven nursing research journals based on ranking criteria.	1
2 Most so-called ‘journal rankings’ provide a ‘rating’ of a large list of journals.	0
It is not (mainly) the incentives of the research system, but the social network of the involved researcher that seems to be an important factor.	4
In August 2015, we searched the Thomson Reuters Web of Science (WoS) for citations of articles in EM journals.	2
The study revealed a positive trend in literature production, although recently, the number of articles published in Journal of Advanced Nursing has slightly decreased.	4
The specific goals of this study are: a) to determine the distribution of JCR journals according to the citations they contribute (references) to the 2-year and 5 year JIF.	1
Evidence from the ICT case study supports the idea that singular value decomposition of the publication matrix provides a powerful machinery to identify which journals are working as interfaces between research communities—as an example, we discussed the case of bioinformatics and cognitive computing journals.	5
They are described mathematically by means of the Bass model of the diffusion of innovations.	3
We used the Scopus database (Baas, et al., 2020) with a data freeze on May 2023.	2
Next, we find optimal values for σ, τ, θ, and φ in Equation (3) using parametric maximum likelihood regression and nonparametric rank correlation approaches.	3
The most widely used ASNS was Academia.edu (53, 66.3%), followed by Google Scholar Profile (51, 63.8%).	4
For research activity, we report the number of authors in the network and two measures of research activity, the number of published articles and the mean number of articles published by each author.	3
This study can improve our understanding of how scientific collaboration affects the multidimensional aspects of interdisciplinary research, and facilitate cross-disciplinary collaboration in the future.	5
Our data set comprises the full text of all research papers published during 2011–2013 in four core journals in the field of library and information science (LIS): JASIST, IPM, J.Doc, and LIS Research.	2
Authors involved in vascular research may enhance the impact of their work by embarking on research strategies of high methodologic quality and pursuing work related with new technologies and evolving endovascular therapies.	5
To put this another way, less well-cited research is more likely to stand on domestic shoulders and research that becomes more highly-cited is more likely to stand on international shoulders.	4
Our analysis helped us develop new theoretical understandings relating to how collaborative interactions can lead to positive societal impact.	5
Interdisciplinarity at CNS therefore was executed not through knowledge exchanges across disciplines, as trading zone theory would predict (Gorman 2002).	4
The focus of this paper is to identify those individuals and institutions that have played major roles in the development of the OM field.	1
This study first uses the field “Year published” in search page to retrieve records published in 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2019 respectively, and subdivides the results by the filter “publication years” in search results page.	3
The relevance and current importance of the study performed by researchers in this article is further supported by the low value of 2.98, registered as the average years from publication, suggesting that most of the articles written around the studied domain are recent papers.	4
Acceptance rate of abstracts was similar between males and females (65.9% vs 65.8%, p = 0.476).	4
As we said earlier, while the largest groups constitute users who discuss topics related to a single area, we found many users who discuss topics related to different areas within the field.	0
College of Information Science and Technology, Drexel University, 3141 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104-2875, USA	0
The analysis shows that the nucleus zone (highly productive on WPS) has 24 journals; the second zone (moderately productive) has 81 journals; and the last zone has 105 journals.	4
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
The h-index should never be used as the only factor to evaluate a researcher.	5
We use academic publishing as a case study to examine organizational variation in responses to influential metrics.	1
PER = PERIODICA (Latin American Literature on Sciences); SCI = Science Citation Index.	0
6a shows that senior researchers generally hold more complex research portfolios.	4
Following Wiggins and Sawyer's (2012) methodology, we applied information entropy measure (Shannon, 1948) to quantify the faculty diversity in areas of subject specialization.	3
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affil- iations.	0
We tested three models for inclusion in WoS using logistic regression implemented in R language.	3
Publications and citation data were collected for each individual from the SCI-Expanded on the Web of Science, and the publications were disambiguated based on affiliation, departments, and other supporting information, such as funding information.	2
Variety (n) is operationalized in terms of the number of disciplines of cited references in a publication, which reveals information regarding the broadness of the knowledge base.	3
As expected, the Matthew effect is weak for young scholars.	4
To obtain the instances where these scientific publications are referenced by policy documents, we utilize the Overton policy document database.	2
The co-authorship network extracted from the institutional CRIS of the Faculty of Sciences, University of Novi Sad, Serbia, is analyzed using the proposed methodology.	2
Journal authorities (i.e., editors and publishers) were found responsible for retractions in 62.14% of the retraction notices, followed by unidentifiable entities (26.91%), third parties (6.13%), and dual entities (i.e., both authors and journal authorities, 4.81%).	4
Only a marginal amount of original articles and reviews is left uncited, which is in strong contrast with the previously reported data, which never addressed the document types among the uncited records.	5
Using scientometric concepts, small group theory, organizational ecology, and process-based organizational theory, we developed a life cycle based theoretical model for analyzing long-term development of research groups and institutes.	1
Data are publicly available from a variety of third party sources.	0
For the general SlideShare documents, Bing queries were constructed to search for documents published on every day from the start of SlideShare, October 1, 2006 (it formally launched on October 4, 2006 but some documents had earlier dates) until September 17, 2015.	2
The data are composed of an integer counting of papers classified as articles, reviews, or letters in WoS.	2
This study identified the influence of the main concepts contained in Zipf's classic 1949 book entitled Human Behavior and the Principle of Least Effort (HBPLE) on library and information science (LIS) research.	1
The purpose of the study is analyze the evolution of the four themes with respect publication volume and international collaboration.	1
The over-emphasis on methods may lead to studies that are not grounded on explicit theoretical frameworks.	5
A total of 146 articles were studied, majority of which were case series/case reports (55.5%); 33% of the articles were prospective.	4
Excluding the self-citations, MIS Quarterly continues to be the journal most cited in ISF.	4
However, while excessive competition can be detrimental to minimising publication bias, a certain level of competition is instrumental to ensure the high quality of publication especially when scientists accept reviewing for reciprocity motives.	4
In conclusion, the bloggers showed themselves capable of choosing articles that, as a group, will be cited more often than other articles in the same journal.	5
Most of the articles (n = 1,221) were single authored; 175 have more than one author (including the very small number of articles that has 3 or more authors).	4
The analysis of research collaboration has indicated that BRICS nations have not established good research partnerships.	4
Papers included had to meet criteria to be considered clinical research in dermatology, additionally had to be published between the years 2005-2014, had to be included in Pubmed or Embase and had to include a Spanish center of dermatology as the correspondence address.	2
After merging the two lists, duplicate entries and institutions that had closed or merged with another were removed, leaving 507 RPUs.	2
In order to increase and enhance the growth rate of Iranian publications on COVID-19, this article aims to analyze these publications in LitCovid to identify the topical and content structure and topic modeling of scientific publications in the mentioned subject area.	1
Also, the most prolific author is Hjorland, followed by Smiraglia and Dahlberg.	4
Successful institutional repositories have combined the processes for the capture, management and reporting of research data with that of making the research open access.	4
Four themes were identified in the reflection data: Leadership, motivation and benefits, collegiality, and challenges.	4
In overall, there is a considerable variability of the results, see Table 2 for a summary.	4
Underlined keyword descriptors are those that are new to each scholar's research program (as defined by a history of journal publications).	0
Our two-by-two typology is based on the extent to which (1) efforts are made in advance of contributorship to prevent potential authorship problems, (2) efforts are required in the aftermath and to address any authorship problems that have occurred, (3) explicit efforts such as authorship decision rules are used as a framework for research collaborations, and (4) implicit rules and norms are relied on to deal with contributorship issues.	3
As shown in the results of the study, LIS research has employed various DM methods, such as machine learning, artificial intelligence and neural networks.	5
The data for this study were obtained from the official website of eLife (https://elifesciences.org/).	2
In order to meet the needs of classification tasks, the selected articles from each field are divided into three kinds of highly-cited papers (HCPs), medium-cited papers (MCPs) and low-cited papers (LCPs) according to their total citations.	2
This research focuses to understand trends in interdisciplinary research in securing grants.	1
Although further research is needed, rank analysis of the most cited papers is a promising approach for research evaluation.	5
We thank Chris Dickman for access to library facilities at the University of Sydney, and Cissy Ballen and Justin McCann for completing some literature searches.	0
Published research outputs were searched and retrieved using “Advanced Search” from the Scopus database.	3
Therefore, the aim of this study is to identify and analyze the peer-reviewed neuropharmacology articles in the existing literature sources worldwide.	1
We find that the actual number of patents and number of citations are significantly smaller than in the random data.	4
The fact that many retractions occur within 12 months of publication speaks to the efficiency of the scientific publication system, at least as it operates in the journal Science.	5
Interpreting results in Table 2 (model 3), a one unit increase in the walking distance between a faculty pair is associated with a 0.003 unit decrease in publications (p < .01), thus supporting H2a.	4
We encourage adopting structured abstracts to maximize the incorporation of key terms in titles, abstracts and keywords.	5
Overall, our study supports the inference that scientific Psychology is a non-paradigmatic or pre-paradigmatic discipline.	5
To examine the factors influencing effects from mobility, we estimate a multinomial probit model with three possible outcomes: negative or neutral effects (the base outcome), positive effects and strongly positive effects.	3
The main purpose is to reveal the internal structures and hidden inferences, including the diversified discipline, top-ranked journals, most widely occurring topics, most cited and leading articles, highly productive and outstanding scholars, and most contributing institutions and countries.	1
The ICT field of URAP has proven to be relatively stable, with a low degree of sensitivity to different model assumptions.	5
After eliminating duplicate records and commentaries, the sample set consisted of 8,567 articles.	2
Data for this paper has been extracted and compiled from several reliable sources, such as the Saudi Ministry of Education (Ministry of Education, 2021), Saudi Press Agency (SPA) (Saudi Press Agency 2009a), the UNESCO Institute for Statistics (UIS) (UIS, 2020), World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) (WIPO, 2019), Global Economic Data, Indicators, Charts & Forecasts (CEIC) (CEIC, 2020), the Global Economy (The Global Economy, 2020), Knoema—World Data Atlas (Knoema, 2020), European Research and Innovation Observatory (European Commission, 2020), Nature Index (Nature Index, 2021), and Clarivate (Derwent Innovation, 2021).	2
In 2009, we conducted a tightly controlled experiment on 400 titles to measure the effects of open access publishing11.	2
The subsequent analysis is structured to mirror the mentioned juxtaposition of the interviewees' experiences of mainstream grants with their experiences of VE.	0
The study adopted co-authorship of articles as a proxy indicator of research collaboration.	3
Male associate professors have an average h-index 5.99 points higher than female associate professors (p=0.0503), and male full professors have an average h-index 4.83 points lower than female full professors (p=0.52).	4
This paper examines the leading trends for the journal Employee Relations from 1979 to 2018 upon its completion of 40 years of publication.	1
Transforming our societies towards a more sustainable future requires a good understanding of their citizens.	1
We found that COVID-19 preprints are on average 32% shorter in length than non-COVID-19 preprints (median, 3,965 [IQR 2,433] versus 5,427 [IQR 2,790]; Mann-Whitney test, p < 0.001) (S1 Table).	4
Russell Group universities on average tend to generate more research income, especially from UK Research and Innovation, and achieve higher REF scores.	4
LO1506 and by the Slovak Grant Agency of the Ministry of Education and Academy of Science of the Slovak Republic under grant No.	0
HOOMAN ESTELAMI is Associate Professor of Marketing and Co-director of the Pricing Center at Fordham University's Graduate School of Business Administration.	0
We use an established method [43] that detects research topics based on communities in the co-citing network of papers published by a scientist, offering a discipline-independent method to identify and trace research topics across a career (electronic supplementary material, S6.5).	3
The findings of this study provide a series of implications important for practical application.	5
Correspondence to: David Hulac, University of Northern Colorado Campus Box 131 McKee Hall Greeley, Colorado 80639-6900.	0
Moreover, a higher dispersion entropy in the content may suggest disruption (Fig.	4
Funders of research in transportation should, based on our findings, encourage international cooperation when they announce new funding and thus favour research projects with international participation.	5
(3) Greening of technological innovation and the integration of digitalization can significantly reduce carbon emissions and achieve symbiotic advancement of economic performance and environmental stewardship.	5
The citing within each respective group shows the predominance of cited articles from the same group of categories.	5
African Journal of Science, Technology, Innovation and Development is co-published by Taylor & Francis and NISC (Pty) Ltd	0
sociology journals (the worldwide publication shares are estimated as: English: 81.4%, French: 4.8%, German: 3%).	0
This experimental fact may well support the common assumption that the sharing of information-as-knowledge between the sender and the receiver is higher in the text with complex sentence than in an easy text-based format (Ferrer-i-Cancho and Moscoso del Prado Mart?n 2012).	5
A draft of this article was created in fulfillment of the Academic Libraries and Scholarly Communication course taught by Dr.	0
The results show an advantage for co-citation over bibliographic coupling and direct citation.	4
As examples, we provide three retrieved reference items of the above-mentioned article by Struys et al.21:	0
Each cluster stands for a theme of OA field in China.	4
Daily downloads (for five journals) averaged 3.9 times higher on the day of tweeting for the tweeted articles compared to the controls (range 2.4-6.9, Fig 2, Table 2).	4
Eight global ranking systems, namely ARWU, HEEACT, LEIDEN, SCImago, QS, THE, URAP and WEBOMETRICS were considered in this study.	2
The number of citations for the top 50 papers ranged from 279 to 89 (mean, 129).	4
Acknowledgements This research was supported by a National Science Foundation grant from the Science of Science Policy program award number 0738116.	0
+ τ ≤ p < t} = ?).	3
Beyond the exposure to opportunities, we found that doctoral mentors with long-term overseas research experiences have comprehensive influences on their mentees' access, decisions, experiences, and outcomes of postdoctoral mobility through multiple roles.	4
We use a similar system to evaluate the citation depths of the 373 citing articles.	3
Our analysis has been performed on a dataset built from two data sources: (1) the CORE conference ranking list and (2) the DBLP database.	2
Analysis of collaborations was further supported by data from the Thomson Reuters Web of Science database, MEDLINE database, and a web-based survey.	2
There is a trend toward a greater number of authors and unique institutions for the publications in one pharmacy education journal.	5
The study aims at the science mapping that aimed to summarize research activity and its essential aspects.	1
Female surgeons had a lower lifetime h-index (p < 0.0001), 5-year h-index (p = 0.0049), and m-quotient (p < 0.0001) compared to males.	4
This category stands in a highly important position as it is related to 11 specialties, showing the strongest links with the categories of Literature and Literary Theory, History and Philosophy of Science and the miscellaneous Arts and Humanities.	4
Overall, the general increase in the number of publications and the advanced accessibility of the Internet and digitized documents may have promoted the growth in references in certain fields.	5
None of the studies justified any changes in authorship, funding, or COI.	4
Predominantly proceedings papers from both proceeding volumes as well as published in journals cite research articles (60–76 %).	4
A developed predictive model with nine selected variables showed acceptable test performance to identify often cited articles (AUROC = 0.685).	4
The most frequent subject categories and major topic MeSHs were "surgery” (n = 53) and “scoliosis" (weighted count, 9.8), while articles with the subject "compensatory" had the highest average number of citations (64.7).	4
Secondarily, we aimed to evaluate whether these h-index values were correlated with the IFs of these journals.	1
In this study we develop a typology of co-affiliations, which identifies four types based on their purpose and origin.	1
Despite some of the advantages offered by novel bibliometric markers, these do not necessarily compare favourably to the IF with regards to bibliometric performance.	5
The second analysis only included cited articles, and we used as a cut point for the dependent variable the median value of citations to have the same number of articles for each category.	3
Received 11 June 2021; Received in revised form 19 October 2021; Accepted 19 October 2021	0
Next, a Simpson reciprocal index of 1/(Σi pi2) and Shannon entropy formula of -Σi piln pi were used to identify and analyze author publishing choices (Shannon, 1948; Simpson, 1949).	3
O Brasil é um dos países que mais publicam na área de Quimiometria no mundo, situando-se em quarto lugar no mundo, com dados apresentados a seguir pelas Bases de Dados Web of Science e Scopus.	4
the probability of a member chosen at random from population i exhibiting a higher level of performance than a member chosen at random from population j.	3
We have already shown that publications with mainly scientific aims are more often highly cited and that publications with mainly societal aims are more often highly used.	5
Publications above the top 95% curve is categorized as transdisciplinary ones, those below the bottom 95% curve as domain-specific ones, and those between the two curve as normal publications.	3
For convenience, colors indicate whether the right-hand x axis value is 100 or not.	0
The analysis of patent publications used as prior art in applications related to CG and filed before 1960 shows that CG's technological foundations were formed by two groups.	5
In all, 3,200 articles published in 64 peer-reviewed journals across eight subject areas were block randomized at the subject level to either the TrendMD group (n = 1,600) or the control group (n = 1,600) of the study.	2
After building the BCN, we applied the Louvain method based on the maximization of modularity, to extract the community structure [14].	3
To operationalize the above formulas, we draw on the Italian Observatory of Public Research (ORP), a database developed and maintained by the authors and derived under license from the WoS.	2
Maru (1976) also points out that "the journal that is never used is without value; one that is often used is valuable."	0
The survey was sent to 3374 researchers and 414 responses were received, the response rate was 12.3%.	2
The Q-Q plot was employed for the normal transformation effect of journal citations; the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test was applied to evaluate the normal distribution of the JIF; Pearson and Spearman correlation analyses were applied to examine correlation between normal and non-normal distribution data, respectively; and the Kruakal–Wallis test is used to evaluate the difference of each indicator among journals in different partitions.	3
We identified journals as predatory by their inclusion on the now-withdrawn Beall's list (Beall, 2016), as done in a number of other studies (Bagues, Sylos-Labini & Zionovyeva, 2016; Mouton & Valentine, 2017; Pyne, 2017; Wallace & Perri, 2016).	3
In terms of publishing media, the journal that published the highest number of the articles was Journal of Critical Care Medicine with 65 articles (4%), followed by Shock with 55 articles (4%), and Critical Care with 35 articles (2%).	4
The LS of a paper is the average basicness of its MeSH terms.	3
Tall teams produce less novel, more developmental, and shorter-lived contributions to science.	5
This dataset is derived from several sources, including the DOAJ metadata (which has its own license terms posted on the DOAJ website), other data screen-scraped from DOAJ, factual data gathered from publisher’s websites, 2015 data provided by Walt Crawford, 2010 data provided by Solomon and Bj?rk, and our team’s analysis.	2
Firstly, we use the database which includes all scientific publications to examine the quantitative advantage of Chinese scientific areas.	3
We collected 3758 papers and their citations and social altmetrics on March 16, 2015.	2
The article compares the practice of peer review with its replacement, the peer review of myth.	1
The search strategy included titles, keywords, and abstracts based on the term peri-implantitis and all the possible combinations existing in Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) of the main collection of Web of Science.	2
It is unexpected that 95% of the 11,046 contributions were authored from single countries.	4
For this reason, the analysis presented here covers ESO periods 82 to 97 (October 2008–September 2016).	2
2003; Griffiths and Steyvers 2004; Grün and Hornik 2011) to develop our topic models.	3
Following JST classification system in the J-GLOBAL database, all scientific articles is classified by one of 3367 subjects (Kitai 1993).	2
In addition, we show that individuals' interdisciplinary rhetoric, epistemic claims, and daily operation of interdisciplinarity require strong infrastructural support in terms of spatial and human resource arrangements to nurture cross-disciplinary coordination and trust as well as softening collaborative tensions while developing complementary projects.	4
Doing so, we see several variations of references to Van Fraassen (1980) which was cited (141 + 11 + 10 + 3 * 1 =) 165 times in PoS.	4
Their research outputs were characterized by the h-index (h), the number of papers (P), the number of citations (C) and self-citations taken from the Web of Science (WoS).	2
Each article was assigned to countries in accordance with the country's share of authorship, making the simplifying assumption that all authors had contributed equally.	3
The countries compared against the KSA have been divided into two groups: the first group is the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) countries represented in the regional countries culturally proximate to the KSA, while the second is the G20 members that are economically proximate to the KSA.	3
These data, retrieved from the Federal Statistical Office (FSO; StBA, 1992–2018), show research and teaching profiles of public universities in Germany (Heinze et al., 2019) using especially the AI or AI-based indexes to process these data.	2
In this study, we present a large-scale analysis of Twitter altmetrics data using social network analysis techniques on the ‘mention' network of Twitter users.	3
Our data sample, thus, contained 1,899 observations (N=1899).	2
The reference publication period was divided into four sub-periods in which a total of 31 peaks are clearly identifiable, including five peaks from the first period (earliest to 1800), ten from the second (1801–1900), nine from the third (1901–1950) and seven from the last period (1951–2000).	3
This paper estimates the relation between the size and quality of scientists' co-author networks and individual characteristics (notably productivity) in the context of institutional changes in French academia in the mid- 1980s.	1
We address these gaps using novel survey data on over 2000 life scientists working in Germany and the UK who participated in projects that resulted in both a patent and a paper (“patent-paper-pairs”).	2
Hence, the following figures provide an overview of two standard citation indicators for the field of European educational research publications on the level of countries: citations per paper (CPP); and the field normalized citation rate (FNCR).	3
* Corresponding author at: Department of Business Administration, Complutense University of Madrid, Economics and Business Faculty, Campus de Somosaguas, 28223, Pozuelo de Alarcón, Madrid, Spain.	0
How might we compare the professed knowledge goals of the NACP, or similar programs, to the actual knowledge created by participants?	1
According to Table 6, in 2014, the most productive year in the field of e-learning, articles with three authors were more frequent than other articles, but in 2013 most articles had two authors.	4
This study found that most researchers were affiliated with the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR), which carried out a series of studies on diverse topics concerning genomics sciences.	4
2015 [14]) can be rewritten as follows: CAGR = Ending value Beginning Value 1 n-1 -1 where CAGR is the Computer Annual Growth Rate, n is the number of years in the data set.	3
SPI-Hub is a decision support application to aid researchers in identifying journals in which to publish and for reviewing journal transparency and rigor.	1
The title of each retracted manuscript was searched in the list of references using the Scopus database to identify the citations.	2
A bibliometric analysis was undertaken to chart the development of animal welfare (AW) science as a whole, and of the individuals, organisations and countries that have had most academic impact to date.	1
The aims of the study were to provide a detailed analysis on the contributions of authors and countries, as well as gain an understanding what may affect productivity and citations within foot and ankle surgery journals.	1
Focusing on the visualization in 2008, eight major clusters emerged as shown in Table 1.	4
From 2021 to 2023, all graduate students from the Romanian and international programs of the faculty were asked to participate in the study by filling out an anonymous online questionnaire.	2
Keywords Altmetrics · Count type · User category · Correlation analysis · Twitter	0
The US is identified as the country with highest total contribution to this area, but as a collective, EU countries top the list of total contributions.	4
Articles published from 1980 to 2018 were analyzed using bibliometric methods.	3
Almost all agreed that ultimately the goal of their research was to make a positive impact on society.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 61(7):1502–1504, 2010	0
This paper intends to broaden the toolset for studying the impact of different funding mechanisms on research output.	1
We were able to match 67,578 references in pairs of selected and deselected studies with the same publication age resulting a total of 135,156 data points.	2
As the distribution of variables was positively skewed (due to the presence of genuine exceptional cases), with unequal sample sizes in some groups and violations of the assumption of homogeneity for a number of tests, Kruskal-Wallis H tests were used for comparisons across academic level, university network, and career stage.	3
Citation indices of the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS CC): Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), Conference Proceedings Citation Index- Science (CPCI-S), Conference Proceedings Citation Index- Social Science and Humanities (CPCI-SSH), and Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI) were used to collect published research.	2
The practical use of the ARIMA model is the prediction of citation counts that we address in the next section.	0
I begin by suggesting that we set forward a shared vision that is, at its core, holistic and integrative (precision health), and then I explain how we can advance that vision through the careful and thoughtful use of scientific approaches (“precision” cross-disciplinary science), which can be supported by evidence-based strategies for enhancing collaborative success (“precision” collaboration).	1
The correlation results vary depending on the type of journal: broader or specific journals.	0
In this paper we discuss readability scores, title formats, single and multiple authorships of articles, citation rates, publication rates over time, the research contribution of both genders and the impact of PhD institution of authors in research publications.	3
Case 1 (2) - angle-resolved photoemission spectroscopy (ARPES; first appeared in the 2001 data)	4
For publications with c < cx, the author's reputation is found to dominate the annual citation rate.	4
Journal profiles demonstrated patterns of increased centralization and digitization, inclusiveness of readership, increased frequency of issues, and increased length of articles.	4
Obviously, UMAP plot showed more fine-grained clusters of papers and sharper clustering boundaries.	4
Following the procedure reported by Kretschmer, Kundra, Beaver, and Kretschmer (2012), we calculated the concentrations of males (COM) and females (COF) in each position.	3
At the journal level, bibliometric indicators (e.g., citations, downloads, and journal impact factors) and WeChat indicators (e.g., clicks, likes, replies, and recommendations) are weakly correlated with each other, reinforcing the idea of fundamentally differentiated dimensions of indicators between bibliometrics and social media metrics.	4
We propose an easy to apply, universally comparable and fair metric to measure and report co-authors contribution in the scientific literature.	1
Using multiple regression analysis, we model the effect of a number of variables in predicting publication productivity.	3
It shows that the random forest model outperforms logistic regression, support vector machine, and naive Bayes on recognizing the dissertations with a high grade.	4
Conversely, after examining the 61 domains identified by inventor/applicants' non-self-citations, a majority of experts (70.78%) believed that a minority, few, or no scientific domains were factually linked with the technology of catalyst.	4
Wittlin pointed out to us the possible reason why the complete 1950 issues of the ZhETF are missing in the Western literature databases.	0
Any of these counts may be affected by false drops based on homonymic authors’ names.	0
We do not underestimate the difficulty of managing the huge and complex organizations that universities have become nor deny the need for some defensible, nonarbitrary criteria and mechanisms for making appointments, distributing research funds, and the like.	0
We also downloaded the publication metadata from 2008 to 2017 ("PUBLICATIONS” tab) from ExPORTER.	2
The APC prices of journals were retrieved from a combination of sources including the DOAJ database, the publishers' websites and the journals' websites.	3
The above analysis also indicates the sensitivity of the subfield notion, on one hand, and of the coauthor distribution, on the other hand, on the core measure.	5
Coders determined if the title of each research article contained at least one catchphrase (n=527, 27.75%), mentioned the research methods (n=184, 9.69%), or referred to a geographic location (n=247, 13.01%).	3
Review of differences between the two periods showed that the number of publications was almost double.	4
First, we find that approximately half of the graduates never publish at all, at least in those journals found in EconLit.	4
The United States, leading the list with 317 documents, demonstrates a substantial academic output, supported by 4,108 citations and a total link strength of 69.	4
We find author reputation plays a key role in driving a paper's citation count early in its citation life cycle, before a tipping point, after which reputation has much less influence relative to the paper's citation count.	5
A significant positive correlation was found between the total number of authors for each article and guest authors (r = 0.60, p < 0.001).	4
Given the disparities by country income level, there is a need to promote international collaboration between high- and low/middle-income countries based on equal partnership.	5
The software included several packages such as the following: web scraping package including the Scrapy version 1.6 for retrieving and analyzing the data including version 0.19.1 for data manipulation and analysis, Pandas, Numpy, and Matplotlib version 3.1.1 (Hunter 2007) for data cleaning and visualization.	3
However, an exception is Korea where the percentage of the last author served as the corresponding author is higher about 5% than that of the first author served as the corresponding author (Figure 3).	4
In this paper we propose a method for triangulation, using the example of water science.	1
Secondly, users indicated the frequency of collection was important, with the most popular suggestion being at the end of a project.	5
Patent assignees and paper institutes of terahertz technology, however, exhibit a very different pattern.	5
In this paper, we mainly analyzed all the papers of the JCEM journal from 2008 to 2018 by using bibliometric methods and knowledge map tools, and revealed the knowledge structure and development process of this journal.	1
Each of the in-text citations in all research articles published in Issue 1 of the Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST) 2016 was manually classified into one of these five categories: Applied, Contrastive, Supportive, Reviewed, and Perfunctory.	3
We define each version of one article which is available through the internet as a new visibility.	3
Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society for Integrative and Comparative Biology.	0
These results depict the relatively low maturity of the network of institutional collaboration in articles published in the SMJ.	5
As per the findings: (1) TE research has been progressing slowly in Taiwan, while it is developing rapidly elsewhere; Disciplines integrated with TE include education and educational research, engineering, computer science, social sciences, and medicine;	4
We selected 113 cited articles from ANN corpus1 with varying number of CCs.	2
The publication types of the dataset used in this study include articles (340), conference papers (14), editorials (9), reviews (4), and errata (3).	2
For all these hibernators we checked if they are also under-cited influential articles.	3
In other words, we find no evidence to support the “editor-pressure” hypothesis – that authors are implicitly or explicitly persuaded by an editor of our sample journals to add references to the editor's papers.	4
Case study data were collected from a team of nine researchers from six universities.	2
Spearman Rank correlation coefficient was computed to describe associations between IF and error occurrence and Pearson’s correlation coefficient was used to describe associations between IF and time between publication dates (online publication date of original article vs online publication date of error).	3
The thematic analysis of publications was carried out using CAPlus database indexes.	3
For more information on INFORMS, its publications, membership, or meetings visit http://www.informs.org	0
This research aims to find variables that can connect ranking indicators that are used by Indonesian Ministry of Research, Technology, and Higher Education with indicators that are used by international rankings by taking two kind of ranking systems i.e.	1
PubMed 2020 records were downloaded in XML format on May 25, 2020 from NCBI (ftp://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/).	2
The primary purpose of this study was to examine the methods by which communication researchers frame their work via titling practices, how such practices have evolved over time, and the impact of stylistic devices in manuscript titles on citations.	5
Ordinary least squares (OLS)-regression findings indicated a positive relationship between degree centrality and research performance with a positive moderating relationship for both academic age and institutional sector on the relationship between degree centrality and research performance for junior faculty members and faculty members employed in private sector universities/research institutes.	4
The model is estimated via logistic regression with robust standard errors.	3
The search was limited by the Scopus Field Codes “Subject Area” to biomedical science, “Document Type" to articles, and “Source Type” to journals.	2
Average article length for the Journal of the Atmospheric Sciences (JAS), Monthly Weather Review (MWR), Journal of Applied Meteorology/Journal of Climate and Applied Meteorology (JAM/JCAM), and Journal of Physical Oceanography (JPO).	0
In this study, we investigate the altmetric performance of publications in the field of Biotechnology and Applied Microbiology and published by authors from Chinese affiliations.	1
The highest number of total publications is observed in 2020, with a total of 197 (15.65%) publications.	4
In 2015-2016 the Czech academic world was shaken by a scandal of 'predatory publishing' (Beall, 2012) which not only triggered heated debates among scholars and research managers but made it onto pages of regular press and mass media as well (Novotny, 2015a, 2015b; Zídek, 2015).	2
Determine social factors that benefited or affected his scientific activities such as World War II interrupting Vallarta's successful productivity at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	1
But it is an interesting approach and a reasonable basis for a celebration of 25 years of semiconductor physics which have been shaped in Chemnitz by Dietrich R.T.	0
Digitization and open access confound the staggering increase in correction notices and retractions.	5
We can find that approximately 20% of the papers with DCCPs have ei-norm > 1, revealing that these papers have more DCCPs in their ego-centred citation networks than their own number of citations.	4
As authors (generators), reviewers and editors (evaluators), and readers (consumers) of papers published in this field, we write this commentary to express our strongest disagreement with the planned shift to APC-based open access for Diversity and Distributions.	1
At the outset, we note that our statistical models establish correlation only.	0
They are both related to each other and have their own characteristics.	5
Finally, we obtained the following “control” indicators in order to determine their utility in identifying deviations that could indicate negative conduct, and we analyzed the leadership in relation to research activity as measured through author order (i.e., evaluating investigators' participation as first or corresponding author).	3
Despite these well-known limitations, citation analysis is a powerful and increasingly popular quantitative guide to the relative influence a publication has had on the academic community.	3
2 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY- 2012 DOI: 10.1002/asi	0
A word cloud is created using keywords by Bibliometrics.	3
Received May 24, 1994; revised September 1, 1994; accepted September 1, 1994.	0
It can be reasoned that the majority of researchers (70.3%) have a tendency to publish to a group of countries with ‘traditionally' significant scientific impact.	4
We searched for documents with the word “Brunei” in the address field and found 1 590 documents, published between 1900 and 2016 (Date of search: August 04, 2017).	2
We also show that the new disruption has stronger robustness, namely the ability to resist random inaccurate data.	5
Aral Okay thanks the Turkish Academy of Sciences for financial support.	0
IZGE GUNAL is a professor of orthopaedics at Dokuz Eylul University Hospital, Izmir, Turkey, interested in the problems of medical writing and ethics.	0
The age of a scientist also exhibits a significant inverted U-shaped effect with a peak at the age of 51 years.	4
A possible paradox then is that while the death of elite scientists provides a glimpse into the informational inefficiency of science, it also increases the allocational efficiency of science in the long run.	5
The main data source used in this article is Google Scholar.	3
A total of 3097 publications contributed to by 8855 individual authors met inclusion criteria.	4
The data used in this analysis were derived from the Core Collection Database of Web of Science, producing a total of 2,697 papers that were regular articles and reviews published in TR-Part B during the study period from 1979 to 2019.	2
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0144-3577.htm	0
It does so using a large-scale survey (MORE) which targets researchers based in European universities.	2
Ajoy Mallik is grateful to the University Grant Commission, Government of India for providing fellowship.	0
The purpose of this paper is to provide an overview and analysis of the scientific and technical literature on radar altimetry using bibliometric indicators.	1
Collaborative Index (CI), Degree of Collaboration (DC), and Collaborative Coefficient (CC) are 4.27, 0.96, and 0.71 respectively.	4
Ethical approval: The survey was approved by the Columbia University institutional review board as an exempt protocol.	0
Finally, the names of territories may change because of political conflicts and war.	0
This work was partially supported by NSF Science Indicators Unit Contract SRS77-22770 while the author was at Computer Horizons Inc., Cherry Hill, New Jersey.	0
One conclusion this paper may draw is that publishing shorter articles in these journals, which may be motivated by considering the Least Publishable Unit (LPU), might end up resulting in work that is less impactful, at least in the top biomedical journals investigated in this paper.	5
Our findings provide empirical evidence for the importance of making RA abstracts accessible to non-expert readers in order to increase the impact of research outputs among the general public.	5
The ability to analyze citation allowed the calculation of what became known as the journal impact factor.	3
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 9 times since 2017*	0
This is expected as an increase in the number of authors reduces the probability for assigning authorship in alphabetical order by pure chance.	0
Partial Least Squares Structural Equation Modelling (PLS-SEM; Sanchez 2013; Hair et al.	3
We exclude the countries which are extremely small in scientific size.	2
The best predictive performance was obtained with a "black-box” method-neural network classifier over BERT-based text representation.	5
Only the 80 researchers with an h of 10 or higher (range: 10–34) were selected for inclusion in the validation sample, as researchers with a lower h at present are likely to have had a null h 10 years ago or to have a publication record shorter than the 10 years necessary for our assessment.	2
Primary peer-reviewed cancer research including randomised controlled trials, all observational studies (cross-sectional, cohort, case series, case-control) and quasi-experimental studies (before-after design) will be included.	2
*Indicates that the indicator showed a lower viability score during the testing phase.	0
This metric provides a reference of the overall clarity of a given decomposition of the network [60].	0
The results show a high assortativity in scientific collaboration relationships, confirming the original hypothesis that important institutions tend to grant prestigious institutions the recognition of their relevance.	4
The total number of career development awards NIH-wide (K01, K08, K23, K25, and K99) were retrieved from NIH Reporter [13] for years 2013–2022.	2
The results show that as LDA is transferred into different areas, the adoption of each subject is relatively adjacent to those with similar research interests.	4
Moreover, the number of publications adjusted by the number of students reduced until 2000 and remained stable afterward.	4
Moreover, authors with a strong belief about the required level of quality control will be very motivated under editors who agree with them.	4
Internationally collaborative articles (IC) from Brunei received more citations per publication, CPP2016</METRIC>, than institutional independent articles (II), and were followed by nationally collaborative articles (NC).	5
Frank's most important services was unquestionably the establishment of the medical journal Istanbul Contribution to Clinical Science, first published in 1951 in English, German, and French.	4
For Alpha, the average difference in score is 0.21 points, representing a 34 % increase from set D to set E.	4
Results suggest that information on faculty mobility before and during their academic career is relevant when measuring the impact of endogamy on academic productivity as suggested in Horta (2013), but this is true specially among international mobiles, such as proposed by Netz, Hampel and Aman (2020).	5
RQ 3 -Who are the prolific authors that published articles related to open access journals?	1
Conflict of interest The authors have no conflict of interest to declare.	0
To perform a bibliometric analysis of recent publications within aSAH.	1
As of 2010–2014, post-communist countries are still lagging far behind their EU counterparts, with the exception of a few scientific disciplines mainly in Slovenia.	4
Section 4 suggests that we respond to this situation by doing away with the status of author, replacing it with a number of different roles—Contributor, Writer, Spokesperson, and Guarantor—which split up the distinct roles hitherto associated with authorship.	3
Orientation indicators have two categories: empirical approach refers to a descriptive ethics research approach that applies social science methods; conventional approach refers to normative ethics or meta-ethics research that does not rely on empirical methods.	3
We investigate this hypothesis in a sample of foreign researchers in Italy and Portugal, examining their willingness to leave the host country.	1
It turns out the trade-off in scientific publishing is more nuanced than previously suggested.	5
We used VOSviewer to generate the network files (Bastian et al., 2009) and applied the tools available in Gephi (van Eck and Waltman, 2010) to visualize the bibliographic networks for the IJLM articles.	3
This study also provides a mathematical explanation for the correlation between the number of Nobel Prize-winning discoveries and the total number of articles in Nature and Science across countries and universities (Rodríguez-Navarro, 2011a, 2011b).	5
Bornmann et al. (2019) compared (among other indicators measuring disruption) the variants DI? and DI?.	3
Network analysis helps specify how collaborative networks of scientists have changed as a result, and scientific output at NEFSC clearly indicates increasing ties between disciplines, greater connectivity, and less isolation and fragmentation.	5
RQ1: Can the research methods outlined in the Methods chapter serve as a vehicle for the evolution of research methods?	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
To calculate disciplinary potential energy (DPE), we selected all disciplines covering 49,891,753 papers in WoS from 1987 to 2016 and categorized them into each of the 22 Essential Science Indicators (ESI) disciplines.	2
The first five journals are: Revista Espa?ola de Cardiología, Heart and Blood Vessels (journal of the Cardiology Society of Serbia), Hellenic Journal of Cardiology, Egyptian Heart Journal and Romanian Journal of Cardiology.	4
Abbreviations in the table are: 2StepR two step reach, ReachE reach efficiency, nBroke normalized brokerage, nEgoBe normalized ego betweenness	0
We present examples based on the collaboration network between the twenty largest countries contributing to science during 2000–2020.	4
(a) How accurate are the approaches in matching the main assessor for each research group?	1
To see whether the metrics behind certain actions better reflect the opinions of established researchers in contrast to beginners, we first assigned the participants to two groups, based on their stated role: (1) professors (consisting of those participants who identified themselves as Professor/Associate professor/Assistant professor) and (2) early-stage researchers (consisting of participants who identified themselves as either Research assistant and/or PhD student).	3
A total of 14,587 articles published between 2000 and 2013 were systematically screened from 10 neuropsychiatry journals, which were selected based on impact factor ranking.	2
The authors investigate participants' awareness and regularity of use of the 3 micro-level components of RG, and the benefits and challenges of their adoption.	1
A total of 647 publications were co-cited at least 12 times and were published in 206 different journals, with 49% of the documents found in radiology journals.	4
It appears that novel author-level altmetrics based on network analysis in social media and digital publications have a positive association with traditional bibliometric benchmarks.	5
To be included in our sample, the researcher must hold a “primary" faculty appointment in one of the 23 basic science or clinical departments within the medical school and have at least one coauthored research publication between 2007 and 2013.	2
We have used metadata of Scientometrics journal, as a case study, to present our workflow.	2
First, we identified Ivarsson and Gorschek (2011) as the starting paper for a reference- based search returning 55 papers.	2
The aim of the current study is to analyze trends in duplicate publishing of local medical articles indexed in the KoreaMed database between 2004 and 2009.	1
The results of this study suggest that using CrossCheck to identify those manuscripts for which the average of the OSI including quotations and references and the highest similarity score from a single source exceeds 12% could provide an optimal screening algorithm for plagiarism.	5
The findings of this study provide the global status, research hotspots and potential trends in the field of COVID-19 vaccine research, which may assist researchers in mastering the knowledge structure, and evaluating and guiding the future development trends of global COVID-19 vaccine research.	5
However, there was a positive relationship between the all-article ranking and the average number of article citations per year (Fig.	4
Data acquisition was achieved using the web application SciPE (Science Performance Evaluation) (Saarland University, Saarbrücken, Germany) performing multiple scientometric analyses based on input data specified by the user, as described previously (8).	3
Em termos da produ??o científica nacional, está proporcionalmente crescendo com maior velocidade do que o restante do mundo, situando o Brasil entre os principais produtores de conhecimento na área.	5
First is the strict distinction between policy reasons and policy evidence.	5
To compute the ranking lists for co-author network indices, the igraph (Csardi and Nepusz 2006) library, that is supported by a widely used statistical tool (R), is used.	3
First of all, it is worth noticing that the median value of SJR is clearly higher for A-Class than for merely scientific journals in Economics and Statistics; it should however be remembered that, according to ANVUR rules, in Economics and Statistics impact was one of the criteria to be used for journal classification: hence, the fact that A-Class journals show a higher impact (as measured by the SJR) does not come as a surprise.	4
Furthermore, in addition to bibliometric indicators, where available other indicators of scientific merit such as patents, licenses, spin-off companies, attraction of research funds and the likes could be considered in the SIMCA model.	5
A cohort of prolific authors in orthodontics between 2011–2020 was identified.	5
COVID-19: a disruptive impact on the knowledge support of references	1
Funding and open access did not significantly impact the bibliometric indices of the papers.	4
The analysis confirms the anecdotal impression that JSTOR was the most important innovation of its time in providing access to the economics and business literature.	5
Each respondent, therefore, received a unique ordering of the questions, generated randomly by a computer program.	0
All articles containing the following terms like "Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation" OR "Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation" AND "Depression" within their titles, abstract and keywords were included in our search.	2
By examining the top 25 percent of individual publication performance per discipline by employing the integer counting method, we can conclude that the APVs exceed the CMVs in the case of each discipline (Table 3).	4
only articles having a text length of at least 5000 characters were considered for analysis.	2
A more complete analysis for the period 2000-2002 can be found in reference (Schubert & Gl?nzel, 2006).	0
The strongest predictors of greater citations are publication by a top ten publisher and the membership size of the organized APSA section conferring the award.	4
The results suggest that whilst having at least two authors gives a substantial citation impact advantage in all social science disciplines, additional authors are beneficial in some disciplines but not in others.	4
The production of articles derived from doctoral programs is satisfactory.	5
There is a weak but statistically significant correlation between Scopus citations and total downloads for Google Code programs (Table 1), but this may be partly due to more recently deposited software having more time both to be cited and downloaded.	4
Biomedical sciences are most visible in patent citation counts.	4
We thank Loet Leydesdorff, Tobias Opthof, Jean-Pierre Robitaille and Matthew Wallace as well as the three anonymous referees for their useful comments and suggestions.	0
My working hypothesis was that the journals removed from DOAJ on May 9th 2016 would chiefly be journals from small publishers (mostly single journal publishers) and that DOAJ journal metadata information would reveal that they were journals with a lower level of publishing competence than those that would remain in the DOAJ.	1
For historical reasons and different economic development environments, people from Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan are not included in either dataset.	0
Compared with the four events analysed previously, from the perspective of the speed and breadth of the paper diffusion, there is a great increase, and the diffusion delay decreased, which indicates that the response speed and intensity of the academic community to the epidemic has been improved.	4
To study these questions, we use data on attention to COVID-19 preprint articles posted on the platforms medRxiv.org and bioRxiv.org.	2
The export data were extracted from two different sources: IMF Data in December 2019 and UN Comtrade export data in January 2020.	2
For this purpose, we utilize (lagged) relative prices in the United States, both for the labor to capital price ratio and the value added to intermediate input price ratio.	3
Oscar Castillo from Tijuana Institute of Technology (Mexico)with a total of 302 documents is the author who appears most frequently, 5145 are the citations received and the total link strength is 229.0.	4
Conversely, research aimed at clinical trial design, patient stratification, diagnosis and diagnostic tool development, lifestyle interventions, and prevention—outputs with potential societal impact—more frequently utilised non-animal methods.	4
After standardization of authors' names (we began with a total of 3538 authors and after standardization we ended with a total of 3064 single authors), Lotka's law was also applied using the method proposed by Pao (1985), including both the first author and co-authors in the analysis.	3
A subspecialty journal was defined as one which declared in its “aims and scope” that its main focus was on a specific area or subject within pediatrics.	3
This growth indicates that global warming is a hot topic of increasing concern to more agents, becoming important in our society.	5
This explorative study investigates the reception of such journal lists in Chinese scientists' research practices.	1
The “Louvain” modularity maximization algorithm (Blondel et al., 2008) that has been widely used for community detection was employed on the six networks to identify the subspecialties or branches in the language communities in the two periods.	3
The empirical results prove that the proposed indices using views along with the comments outperform the existing approaches on a real-world dataset of YouTube.	4
There are cases where it is only the context of the seemingly ordinary, regular formal-indexed reference in the main text of the article that contains this indirect-collective reference function.	0
Biotechnology, pharmaceuticals, and measurement occupy the center position with the most patent records, amounting to nearly 50% of all patent records when combined.	4
The list of articles identified was exported into a spreadsheet and cross-referenced with Google Scholar to ensure an accurate count of citations obtained from Scopus.	3
North American and European countries contributed much more in terms of research productivity than those from Africa and South America.	4
More specifically, we used a ‘sequential mixed design' in which the quantitative and qualitative phases of the research program occur in a predefined chronological order (Teddlie and Tashakkori 2009, 120).	3
Using LattesDataXplorer, all resumes registered on the Lattes Platform in October 2018 were collected and stored in the local repository.	2
The search of publications in Kinetika i Kataliz was carried out by the authors in February 2015 using the Chemical Abstracts Plus (CAPlus), Web of Science (WoS), Scopus, and Russian Scientific Citation Index (RSCI) databases.	2
Overall, Japan contribution to the top general medicine journals has remained small and unchanged over the last two decades.	5
In total, 4593 documents could be used for the overall analysis.	2
Table 6: Recommendations for best practices with respect to maximizing scientific quality.	0
Harvard University in USA produced 18% of the T100 articles, followed by University of Oxford in UK (6%), National Institutes of Health in USA (5%), and University of Sydney in Australia (4%).	4
Even though there were several rises and falls, the overall trend is that the number of	0
We retrieved 5346 articles which were analyzed using a content analysis method, a useful approach to study the evolution of knowledge (Sun & Zhai, 2018, pp.	3
In the social sciences, both edited books and authored books have citation concentration distribution similar to journal articles.	4
The results revealed several topics associated with the storage, collection and analysis of large datasets; the publications were predominantly published in computational fields.	4
Finally, 1,000 lowly cited publications, 1,000 medium-cited publications, and 143 highly cited publications from the original data set were chosen for further analyses.	2
In cluster analysis, the hierarchical clustering was adopted using Ward's method as the cluster method, and with Squared Euclidean distance as the distance measure.	3
2011 ASIS&T Published online 28 July 2011 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
Yamaguchi has resigned as the editor-in-chief of four Kenkyu Group journals, and has retracted all three of his papers published by this publisher.	4
It is concluded that Spanish Communication research has developed around Journalism while the other classic disciplines (Audiovisual Communication, and Advertising and Public Relations) have not managed to consolidate a coherent and cohesive thematic and intellectual community to date, mainly due to their greater heterogeneity.	5
The article establishes the need to consider multiple proxies for journal value in collection evaluation and encourages collaborative evaluation approaches.	5
The results showed that within 5 years after papers from physical geography were published, the overall differences in citations of papers in different groups were statistically significant (P < 0.05); after that, the differences were not statistically significant.	4
According to China Statistical Yearbook in 2021, we selected 25 prefecture-level cities from the 4 administrative regions of Yangtze River Delta urban agglomeration, 9 prefecture-level cities from the 3 administrative regions of Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei urban agglomeration, and 12 prefecture-level cities from the 1 administrative region of Pearl River Delta urban agglomeration as samples (Select the city population base > 21.89 million).	2
A year after the research B received around 200 (Figure 3) citations and it remained at the same level for sequence year (Figure 4).	4
In this study, we created the coauthorship networks with the Program for Analysis and Visualization of Large Networks known as PAJEK (Pajek [CP]; http://vlado.fmf.uni-lj.si/pub/networks/pajek/default.htm, University of Ljubljana, Slovenia).	3
Elsevier Scopus, launched in 2004, is a subscription-based abstract and citation database.	2
An analysis of the citations considering their temporal mean number exhibits a growing tendency in time.	4
We used logistic regression to analyze how title structures changed over time (frequency of questions, subtitles, or amusing titles), for example, Subtitles = SubmissionYear.	3
This study not only analyses the situation during the release of the ChatGPT in November 2022, a moment that has been deemed a ‘black swan' event (Nolan and Ghosh 2023), but also revisits these policies 6 months later, at the end of May 2023.	1
No differences in metrics were found among other clusters in comparison to other clusters due to all 95% CI overlaid (ie, P < .05).	4
In this paper, we focus on the following question: How have incentives for international publications influenced research cultures of Chinese Humanities and Social Sciences?	1
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Cumulatively, the time from publication to the 20th citation milestone was quite long, with the group of publications with an AIS value below or at the median taking about three times longer to reach this marker than those with an AIS value above the median.	4
Another interesting result is related to the topical spectrum of Ukrainian A&H: History appears to be the most represented subcategory in terms of total publications, unique authors, and citations.	5
Our objective was to demonstrate recent trends in the proportion of adult hip research in orthopedics, to identify the countries generating knowledge and progress in adult hip research, and to evaluate the relationship between the economic power of the countries and their contributions.	1
By linking the corpus metadata with the discovered topics, we feature them with a number of topic-based analytic indices to explore their significance, developing trend, and received attention.	3
Reviewer requests and responses were examined among the 76 journals that used the JBO system over a 10-year period.	3
The separate effects can be captured by considering a single measure of disparity:	3
We therefore used the ADS affiliation field to count astronomical publications by country from 1950 up to and including 2011.	3
Which universities have contributed to the progress and development in bibliometric research and how has the field developed over a few decades?	1
The first cut is the deepest: repeated interactions of coauthorship and academic productivity in Nobel laureate teams	0
Fewer than one in six of the articles published in top 20 development journals from 1990 to 2019 were by Southern researchers, while close to three-quarters were by Northern researchers.	4
It found that for peer-review panels where the relation between the expertise available to the panel and the criterion are more diffuse and less direct, that panels adopted evaluation shortcuts that echoed external, more political influences expressed by panellists prior to the evaluation.	5
Six countries dominated the top 20 affiliations: China, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Germany, and Brazil.	4
Transformations of both the composition and structure of the knowledge system is required to support global river basin management in the Anthropocene.	5
More concern is about the rankings of top 10% papers (selected by the standardised citation count) for two indicators, as shown in Fig.	0
By sharing our experiences, we hope to improve the process of granting awards and honours for the scientists putting together award nominations, future committee members, and the scientific societies granting these awards.	1
The highest number of articles associated with solid waste was that of Egypt (22.8 %), followed by Tunisia (19.6), and Jordan (13.4 %).	4
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
We identified indications for two styles of publication strategies in use by researchers in the Department of Clinical Research at the University of Southern Denmark.	5
We considered all papers (defined as articles, notes and reviews) published between 1980 and 2017 by six major producers of science (China, France, Germany, Japan, the United Kingdom, and the United States) in the Web of Science (WoS) database.	2
The publication and the citation data were extracted from the Microsoft Academic Search (MAS) database using the MAS API.	2
In order to track the same topic from two adjacent time intervals, the minimum value for each row of a JSD matrix was used, referred to as the joint JSD score (JJSDS): MIN(JSD_Matrix(i,j)), for j = 1:n.	3
Ascending trend of diabetes research outputs in Middle East countries is appreciated but encouraging to strategic planning for maintaining this trend, and more collaboration between researchers is needed to regional health promotion.	5
A total of 1,364 related articles and 5,095 keywords were collected as the co-word analysis sample.	2
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
We can observe that University of Delhi (DU) ranks at the top on majority of the indicators such as TP, TC, HiCP and ICP.	4
This mixed methods approach makes it possible, not only to reconstruct a detailed picture of three decades of evolution of research policy in a national context, but also to relate these changes to research performance.	3
Among the total publications, the three main document types were article (n = 195, 90.	2
Twenty-five co-authorship collaboration groups and 9 institutional collaboration sub communities were identified.	4
There was a 60% overall increase in letters by medical students published in the first 12 months compared to second 12 months.	4
The discipline of biomedicine was chosen as an experimental context to investigate scientific knowledge evolution patterns based on fine-grained citation network.	2
As in our previous work [5], only journals abstracted in the AA database were processed [10].	0
Results are discussed in terms of perceived pressure to demonstrate scholastic impact and the disproportionate service burden often borne by ethnic minority psychologists.	5
We will notify the member who deposited metadata for the posted content when we find a match between the title and first author of two publications, so that the potential relationship can be reviewed.	0
Charmaz, 2006) in several rounds to ana- lyze the Meetingsphere reports.	3
In contrast to science-based factors, Twitter-based factors generally tend to be more related to user engagement.	5
Retracted articles continue to be cited in the literature after retraction.	5
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
All this together allows us to conclude that the Brazilian Academy of Sciences is neither diverse in terms of geographic region nor in terms of gender, even if the male members to do not have higher indexes of scientific productivity compared to female members.	5
Here, we use IPBES as a case study to examine the extent of inclusion of non-English-language literature, in terms of participating experts and the knowledge consulted, in environmental assessment processes.	1
The highest correlation is between researchers and scientific production.	4
The USA is the most influential country in the world, with 291 papers and an h-index of 47.	4
The number of Europe-based publications exceeds the number of Asia-based publications in the journal.	4
The data analyzed refer to the scientific production of approximately 2,500 academics from the university of Rome ‘La Sapienza’.	2
On the other hand, women were underrepresented as last or senior authors at 22% (compared to their overall representation at 29%), and they made up only 21% of sole authors (Fig.	4
We combine SVM with bag-of-words pre-processing of the abstracts and use text frequency-inverse document frequency (TF-IDF) as our feature score (see Baeza-Yates and Ribeiro-Neto 1999 for a detailed discussion about information retrieval).	3
The analysis covers the 1999–2012 period; i.e., the period preceding the Exzellenzinitiative (1999–2005) as well as its first funding phase (2006–2012).	2
The Composite Index proposed here is based on bibliometric indicators, specifically, number of papers, citations, highly cited papers (relative, i.e., top 1% cited within the set of papers considered) and internationally collaborative papers, with at least one author located outside India.	3
Significant differences in some bibliometric indicators such as half-life and overall citation count were found between contact lens-related journals (shorter half-life and fewer citations) and the median values for the Ophthalmology thematic area of the JCR.	4
The full map of patents shows all 466 categories in a Kamada-Kawai layout (using Pajek) that represents technological distances and groups of technologies in each of the 35 factors or technological areas shown with the same color (Figure 1).	3
Despite these uncertainties, grants are ascribed a very high symbolic value.	5
Our findings show that this algorithm achieves a significantly higher performance, compared to the other algorithms.	5
We will particularly focus on the effects of Plan S on collaboration and academic freedom, and the expected rise in publication costs facing authors.	1
To compare citations across these various sub-fields, we normalize citations by subfield in two ways.	3
Biographical sketches were searched for key terms to identify surgeon-scientists.	3
This team type is a traditional academic research group in which productive and thoughtful leaders can embrace team science principles, resulting in rapid novel and productive research outcomes.	0
This paper elaborates on this approach to characterize the performance of an institution as guarantor based not only on its guarantor output but also on the importance of the institutions with which it collaborates.	1
These journal editors' descriptions reveal several communication practices that might have a significant impact on the peer-review process.	5
The yellow asterisks, which display the median number of citations per paper, show much greater uniformity between continents.	0
Topic modelling approach was also considered as a clustering technique, but it produced too many artefacts.	3
Finally it is observed that Hartley's publication rate has remained much the same for over 50 years but that this has been achieved at the expense of other academic activities.	5
Along time, Brazilian journals had the best (more impact) papers between 2017 and 2018 and are receiving higher Qualis index, overall.	4
Based on these findings, to promote the research and innovation productivity of universities in South Asian countries, the examined determinant variables need to be thoroughly improved, re-strategized, and restructured where possible.	5
In collaboration with the SERVEI, we have reviewed the scientific production of the society's members during the last 6 years, analyzing all indexed publications and extracting and calculating the main bibliographical indexes from biomedicine search engines and databases.	1
The disruption index is the dependent variable used to measure the effect of publications on current knowledge systems.	3
“Success” is the ability to complete an action such as send e-mail, download a Web page, download a file, or access a remote computer.	0
China's leading partners were all developed countries, such as the US, the UK, Australia and Canada, which have contributed to the majority of the joint publications.	4
We applied binary logistic regression models to both types of responses: the agreement with the use of formal indicators to assess individuals and the agreement with the policy of giving higher scores to indexed papers.	3
The concept of pharmacophores indicates that a set of hit compounds found in an HTS contains more clusters than those found in a set of randomly selected compounds.	0
To determine the Academic Age (AA) of authors, we utilized a method based on their publication history and the corresponding publication years of their papers, as detailed in Wang et al.	3
The most outstanding, at a considerable distance from the rest, is History, which concentrates the largest number of single journals cited (531), scientific articles cited (11661) and total citations (15969).	4
This algorithm is easily reproducible annually with publicly available information and therefore provides a tool in the future for departments to focus efforts toward increasing academic productivity in a longitudinal fashion.	5
The columns represent the number of co-authors and the number of publications corresponding to that count.	0
Journal name is listed where only one journal was identified from one publisher.	0
During this period, Latin-American countries have published 2201 articles in the Top 102 journals and 6428 in all the Business, Business Finance and Management journals available in WoS.	2
We focus on four African regions (Eastern Africa, Northern Africa, Southern Africa or West & Central Africa) as defined by the UN classification, and our central research questions are: 1) Is the amount of research produced on various diseases by African researchers related to their countries' burden of disease?	1
The authors are convinced that the results can provide concrete assistance to evaluators, assisting them to avoid errors in comparing the research performance of “apples to oranges”.	5
The USA has the highest scientific output worldwide with 897 articles followed by the United Kingdom (476 articles), Germany (233 articles), Canada (177), France (162 articles), the Netherlands (152 articles) and Japan (118 articles).	4
Bradford's law (Bradford, 1934) and Lotka's law (Lotka, 1926) are 2 well-known bibliometric laws, and the h-index (Hirsch, 2005) is a renowned bibliometric indicator.	3
The number of publications in the field of digoxin toxicity showed a continuous increase up until 1977 (Figure 1), followed by a decline.	4
Details of the method are reported in the resutls section below.	0
This paper investigates empirically the role of research publications in an academic reward structure in Korea.	1
The PubMed Clinical Queries was searched on June 15, 2017.	2
According to research lore, the second peer reviewer (Reviewer 2) is believed to rate research manuscripts more harshly than the other reviewers.	1
The time span is from 1980 to November 17, 2018, because Hofstede's theory of cultural values was published in 1980.	2
This study is dedicated to exploring the relationships between coauthorship networks and the research impact of Chinese medical doctoral students from a social capital perspective.	1
When we analyse all the research indexed in the ISI-WOS, the share of citations awarded to publications that have originated in one of the EU-27 countries in- creases by 14.5%, moving from about a 44% share of all literature cited to a little over half.	4
We conclude in Section 7 with a brief discussion of the limitations of our analysis, and its implications for scholarship and policymakers.	0
Whether the productive authors have higher IRAs in comparison to their counterparts was assessed using choropleth maps to display the x-index and AIF based on affiliation cities.	3
The cluster results indicated that there were two clusters for all scholars' scientific creativity.	4
Further to what is known in the literature, the results of the study suggest that the differences in collaboration behavior between males and females do not concern TSs, in particular no differences occur in the propensity to collaborate at the international level.	5
The survey confirmations of these 63 articles are noteworthy; only 2 articles are rejected by the domain experts.	4
In this article, the research productivity of economics departments and tenure-track staff (associate and full professors) in Slovakia is evaluated based on their journal publications and citations in the SSCI database for the period 1990–2016.	2
Moreover, examining these relations using models such as MG, PMG, and AMG could yield misleading results if there is cross-sectional dependence among the units; nonetheless, PMG performed better than AMG, and then MG.	5
In relative terms, post-communist CEE countries perform better in natural sciences, engineering and technology than in social or medical sciences.	4
The measures are grouped into five categories: scientific infrastructure, scientific effectiveness, socio-cultural effectiveness, international interactions, and sustainability.	3
Two methods based on the Purchasing Power Parities were used to estimate the spatial price index and measure price differences across regions.	3
However, the quantity and quality of research production in the field of spine in the major regions of China—Mainland China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong is unclear.	1
In this study, we empirically test the expected residual variance and the tilted funnel hypothesis across three large datasets (including approximately 1.5 million inventors, 1800 psychologists, and 20,000 multidisciplinary scientists).	1
The major finding of this study is that, while more than 90% of patents across fields were from industry where patenting is least likely to be collaborative, nano-patents have more diverse origins (79% from industry and 21 from universities, government, public institutions, and cross-sectoral collaboration) and are more likely to be collaborative outcomes (including those from industry).	4
Findings revealed that in some instances IR responsibilities were added to existing duties for in-cumbent staff while in others, staff were reassigned to IR roles resulting in diverse staff categories maintaining the IRs across the universities.	4
Vaidyanathan & Monica Gorman (2020): International scientific collaborative activities and barriers to them in eight societies, Accountability in Research, DOI: 10.1080/08989621.2020.1774373	0
That is to say, the scientific impact of a paper is a linear combination of the scientific impact of all the papers citing it.	3
The G7 countries together produced 50% of the global research output on nCov-2.	4
Considering our results, most of the studies were from the US which is in agreement with the results of previous studies (16-19).	5
RQ1 Does including catchphrases in communication research articles' titles increase the articles' (a) usage count and (b) citation?	1
On the other hand, publications with more citations were accepted in a shorter time.	4
We extracted data on all IMO participants from the official IMO website (http:// www.imo-official.org) and then selected those who participated between 1981 and 2000, inclusive.	2
Most researchers viewed a natural need for both interdisciplinarity and transdisciplinarity in their societally targeted projects, also in cases where PIs only had a low degree of transdiscliplinary and interdisciplinary collaboration in their projects.	4
The developing status of a global topic can go from mature to a re-adjusting, and then further develop into a new mature status, such as global topic 5 (text retrieval).	5
This study does not confirm the findings of previous studies which show a radical change in that 'information science' has replaced 'library science' as the most prevalent dissertation topic, and there has been a shift towards interdisciplinary dissertation research in North America.	5
from either one or the other of the two organisations), the resulting papers achieve a higher citation count.	4
What are the dynamics and trends in the Journal of Advanced Nursing research literature production according to number of articles and what are their descriptive attributes and citations?	1
central Europe countries), countries emerging after the world wars (such as Japan and India), countries recently emerging (among which China and Brazil).	4
Productive interactions are defined as encounters between researchers and stakeholders in which both academically sound and socially valuable knowledge is developed and used.	3
Citation is apparently not determined only by the geographic realm of research, but also by language of publication, co-authorship, and the profiles of the journals where published.	4
Our findings confirm the increasing presence of European IB research in leading journals, as previously discussed by Morrison and Inkpen (1991) who cover 9 journals from 1980 to 1989, Xu et al.	4
Using data for 387 Nobel Prize winners in physics, chemistry, or physiology/medicine from 1901 to 2000, this study focuses on the relation between the timing of prestigious awards and human longevity.	1
This is a large difference, and it can cause misleading results and conclusions in science evaluation.	5
In the first stage, 25 articles published from January 2015 through December 2018 were selected at random from each of the 18 journals—450 articles, total.	2
Two limits were established: the document typology was limited to Article and Review, and articles published up to 2019 were selected.	2
The framework classified accuracy errors into major and minor errors, and levels of accessibility were classified into direct, indirect and inaccessible.	3
Variable citation window for all journals, three-year citation window for core journals.	0
In order to assess researcher impact, the bibliometric data (number of publications, number of citations per publication, and H-index) for each PI were extracted manually from the Scopus database [25, 26].	2
This study further finds indications that high productivity researchers benefit more from the local research environment than low productivity researchers.	5
The study further analyzed the underlying mechanisms by which the tenure track affected faculty members' academic performance, and found that introducing the tenure track increased cross-institutional collaboration, thereby promoting academic productivity.	1
The 45 highly cited publications, out of a total of 9,935 publications, have greatly influenced the scientific community.	5
Department of Research in Biomedicine and Health, University of Split, School of Medicine, Split, Croatia	0
This paper reports a co-word domain analysis of the literature on Buddhism collected by the Digital Library and Museum of Buddhist Studies (DLMBS) at National Taiwan University.	2
Specifically, the high citation trend has the strongest diffusion power and fastest diffusion speed.	5
In particular, our estimates indicate a faster adoption among researchers holding a PhD degree in economics compared to finance PhDs.	4
More investments in R&D and open access publishing do not necessarily lead to high impact.	4
The authorship trend is found to be towards multi-authored papers.	4
This study uses structured elicitation of experts' beliefs to characterise temporal uncertainty in the treatment effect, using a case study of a multifaceted podiatry intervention designed to reduce the rate of falls and fractures in the elderly.	1
The curve-fitting method uses nonlinear least-squares regression that minimizes the sum of the squared residuals (SSR) between the experimentally measured virus titres and model-predicted values (measured as log10 PFU ml?1 of serum).	3
The data is compared to a model, where the review takes place in an ongoing competition of completing an important composite task with a large number of concurrent ones - a Deadline -effect.	3
Based on the co-occurrence of pairs of words, co-word cluster analysis is performed.	3
Unmaking processes can better inform how devices get designed.	5
A minority of faculty provides most publications in colleges of pharmacy, which is composed of members from basic science departments.	5
The first step in building the model is to divide the data collected into two parts: training and validation data.	3
It is used a mixed methods approach combining the delineation of personal networks with the ties' content analysis regarding a conceptual model specifically developed for this study.	3
The research questions (RQs) are addressed as follows.	1
We propose a visual method called StructureFlow, which can be seen as an enhancement of the traditional topic evolution analysis, to visually and conveniently analyze how and why a topic's structure develops over time.	3
In conclusion, the scientific community's recognition and acknowledgement of reviewers' contributions is severely inadequate.	5
Publication and citation data were retrieved from Clarivate's Web of Science (WoS).	2
The weights were computed using the revenue data of public hospitals from the China Health Yearbook, which provided data on medical services revenue for different categories including registration, nursing, examination, therapy, and surgery services in 2021.	2
To address these questions, the methodology outlined in the remainder of this paper is based respectively on two main points:	0
Looking at the impact factors of Sleep and Sleep Medicine Reviews, the opposite was found, with Sleep Medicine Reviews having almost twice as large an impact factor as that of Sleep.	4
(2) The IRO evaluation is a multi-attribute complex problem.	1
Table 2 shows that rankings cW1, cWn, and rW1 are highly correlated with each other, as are the rankings cWn2, rWn2, and rWn, but only medium-to-low correlations are shown between rankings across these two groups.	4
The RCG representation opens up new avenues of research that can potentially lead to very interesting measures of influence of research papers or even other domains like social network analysis.	5
This article seeks to understand the evolution of this inherited system of innovation over the short period of democratic governance and the extent to which the objectives for the system have been realised.	1
The source range of literatures is limited to 11 domestic CSSCI journals of sports disciplines: Sports Science, Journal of Shanghai Institute of Physical Education, Journal of Physical Education, Chinese Sports Science and Technology, Sports and Science, Journal of Beijing Sport University, Journal of Tianjin Institute of Physical Education, Journal of Wuhan Institute of Physical Education, Journal of Xian Institute of Physical Education, Journal of Chengdu Institute of Physical Education, Journal of Capital Institute of Physical Education.	2
Analyzing the average competency, it was found that on average, while the veterans tend to be more competent at developing new collaborations, the newcomers are likely better at acquiring new citations.	4
Very large research collaborations often, by necessity, have explicit approaches at the beginning of the project about the process for collaboration and paper crediting.	4
We hope the SPACE rubric will encourage a wide variety of institutions to align on their values and support the development of interventions that make sense for them.	5
Chi-square tests were conducted to examine relationships between reason for retraction, JIF quartiles, and having been cited in a systematic review, and an independent samples t-test was conducted to compare length of time from publication to retraction between the two groups.	3
Keeping in mind the existence of a triangular relationship between gender, collaboration behavior and research performance, in this paper we intend to verify whether gender differences occur on the collaboration behavior of TSs.	1
We use an information-theoretic measure of linguistic similarity to investigate the organization and evolution of scientific fields.	1
Note that some LIS dissertations have not been indexed by Wanfang as Chinese PhD graduates can keep their dissertations confidential for 5–10 years, which is normal practice in China.	0
The analysis of 142 policies conducted in November and December 2022, and May 2023 reveals a gap regarding the mention of AI and associated technologies in the available academic integrity policies.	4
While over the span of an academic career, gender bias in metrics like the h-index may be attenuated, differences in earlier stages of career likely still mean that women are less represented in positions like academic leadership where their voices are needed to assure continued gains by early-career faculty.	5
We investigate what properties are associated with knowledge-creating communities.	1
The results indicate that 0.43% of the tweets and Facebook posts collected provide linkages with information about social impact.	4
Clusters are characterized using metadata (e.g., phrases, MeSH) and over 20 indicators (e.g., funding, patent activity).	4
First received in February 16, 2013 and was under review for 4?months.	0
This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.	0
The eleven authors/research participants of this paper are all contracted, tenure-track or tenured education faculty who are part of a larger long-term writing group (see Badenhorst et al., 2013).	0
Therefore, to focus the data set, we retained from our Scopus search only those publications that had a PubMed ID.	2
RQ1: Have SSH publication patterns in CEE countries changed in favour of WoS-indexed articles?	1
1, 75 (82%) of the 91 RU/VH universities with available institutional plans for RCR instruction had plans that could be satisfied with online-only training.	4
According to Figure 1, HERD and a good number of its peer journals seem to attain a much smaller representation of researchers in Asian countries (the AP region) compared with the highly ranked educational technology journals that I have monitored as peers for AJET.	4
In this spirit, we want to pick up on Hallonsten's contention that contemporary science evaluation is ‘mostly counterproductive' (Hallonsten, 2021: 9), and ask, more specifically, whether contemporary evaluation metrics focussed on citation might actually be antagonistic to the emergence of innovation or novelty that is so frequently cited, often alongside the emphasis on evaluation, as one of the key values that contemporary science policy and decision-making ideally aims to promote.	1
The results suggest that technology licensing officers perceive the inventions of high status inventors to have more commercial potential.	4
The collected data demonstrated that most of the participants had published less than four research papers in the last 3 years.	4
University rankings can be a useful tool for comparing and benchmarking institutions to each other, both at local and international contexts.	5
The second generation however includes more than ten times as many publications.	4
A case study of the Belt and Road Initiative shipping network verified the validity and feasibility of this framework.	1
The authors wish to acknowledge the full cooperation of all three equivalents services suppliers in the performance of this study, particularly IFI Plenum for making the INPADOC files freely available.	0
The RBEF concentrates many citations, but at the same time has an editorial policy that is less adherent to the educational issues of physics education.	5
Seven indicators were used to measure the research performance of each scientist.	3
Theorem 2.A scientific impact index f : X → N satisfies B, D and ECON if and only if it is the h-index.	4
The use of altmetrics indicators is then a better option when compared to applying impact factors as estimators of future citations.	5
This article was partly informed by work carried out on behalf of Universities UK and the Research Information Network as a member of the Working Group producing guidance to institutions on OA funds; but the views expressed here remain those of the author.	0
The Lancet published the largest number of papers (n=12), followed by Gynecologic Oncology (n=11).	4
This paper fills this gap by comparing citations to 16,463 books from 2013 to 2016 in the Book Citation Index (BKCI) against automatically extracted citations from Microsoft Academic and Google Books in 17 fields.	1
In Section 2, we present an overview of the literature dealing with the link between gender and citation impact.	0
This article is based on literature and desk research as well as bibliometric analysis using Scopus.	2
A total of 72,360 journal citations were compiled for the seven periods, with 17,275 citations in advertising/public relations; 46,727 citations in communication/media; and 8,358 citations in journalism.	2
This flagship publication of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) was established in 1958.	0
This paper explores the influences of financial and career-related publishing incentive schemes on research cultures.	1
3a shows that biotechnology is characterized by an increase in triple helix collaborations in knowledge pro- duction.	4
In addition to the above factors, we include another control variable for interdisciplinarity, i.e.	3
The researchers in the Food Science department published an average of 91 publications per year during this time.	5
1 Glorious Sun School of Business and Management, Donghua University, Shanghai, China	0
Using both thematic and discourse analysis, this research shows the tensions currently experienced by ECRs around the concept of extra-academic impact in relation to their careers.	5
In conclusion, we found significant moderate correlations between a journal's IF and the number of all commentaries and first-author commentaries published by its EiC.	5
Our central assumption is that scientists have homophilous bias: In the decision to grant tenure, they favor scientists adhering to their paradigm and discriminate against those adhering to the other paradigm.	3
We included all MRI-related publications that were conducted in and affiliated with Arab countries, encompassing a variety of publication types such as original research articles, books, conference papers, reviews, and others.	2
The first column of the table refers to the relative rankings of the departments while the last column provides the exact measurements of the AER-equivalent publications for each department, i.e., the total sum of the publications produced by each department after weighting each journal publication with its corresponding impact factor reported in Table 2.	0
Masayoshi Yamaguchi, to submit to a new open access journal (OAJ), Molecular Medicine Open Access (MMOA).	2
By measuring the geographical dimension of the knowledge base (i.e.	3
Considering that authors often suggest reviewers from their country, selecting Ra who are in different regions might help diminish the bias whilst still asking authors to suggest reviewers.	5
Elucidating factors that contribute to citation rates of scientific articles can help scientists write manuscripts that have a stronger influence on their scientific field and are accessible to a broad audience.	1
One of the authors (N.S.) was partially supported by the Ministry of Education, Science, Sports and Culture, Grant-in-Aid for Young Scientists (Start-up), 21800011, 2009.	0
It can be confirmed, from the results obtained, that the main area that determined the classification of the journal in Qualis 2017-2020 was Agricultural Sciences I.	4
The results show that the error is small between rankings obtained using the proposed method and the SCImago Journal Rank, thus proving that the proposed approach is a feasible and effective method of calculating scientific impact of journals.	4
The stratified sample of 9,925 was drawn from a population of 25,928 academic faculty members in 521 academic institutions in the United States.	2
A warning for Chinese academic evaluation systems: short-term bibliometric measures misjudge the value of pioneering contributions.	1
Here we present a new tool called SPACE that has been designed to help universities and institutions implement such reforms.	1
The current study uses SNA to analyze the network of research topics in the e-health domain.	1
Scores given by panel members for each project under consideration are used to decide which set of candidate projects to fund.	3
Thus, the 48,131 R01s only include those having at least one co-supporting relationship with each other.	2
The author also wishes to express his deepest gratitude to the anonymous reviewers who certainly made this work better.	0
Overall 425 articles were cited equal or more than 100 times.	2
Output was established as article frequency counts per year and timeline trends.	3
Also, the paper examined the level of mobile device and Internet penetration in Nigeria.	1
During the evaluations, all scientific institutions submitted a questionnaire along with bibliographical records of publications and patents affiliated with those units for the periods 2009–2012 and 2013–2016.	2
Finally, our search strategy retrieved 938 publications, 542 of them written in Spanish, 381 in English, 11 in Portuguese and 4 in French.	2
For the purpose of example, a short list of DOIs, which have been wrongly assigned by the Scopus database to multiple papers, is shown.	3
Receiving a negative citation was also associated with a slightly faster decline in citations to the paper in the long run.	4
The in-degree centrality of a paper was defined by the total number of papers citing the paper.	3
The impact factor of the journals in the “Medical Laboratory Technology" category does not reflect a journal's compliance to uniform standards or its level of declared publication ethics.	5
In total, we found 5597 articles published in the three-year period.	2
For the indicator FSSFHCA, the correlation between rankings emerging from the different thresholds of HCA (5 % vs 10 %) is very high (Spearman ρ equal to 0.960) and greater than that for the two thresholds of FSSTS, which is still high (0.603).	4
In Asia, China emerged as the leader in publications, with the highest number in 2022, followed by Japan, India, South Korea, and Taiwan.	5
Bibliometric analysis is a well-established strategy for analysis of publication trends within a research field.	3
An overview of these indicators in given in the list in this section.	0
To identify what student and project factors are associated with publication, we used logistic regressions, both crude and adjusted for possible confounding variables.	3
Is the CTSA effective in fostering interdisciplinary collaborations?	1
Our solution takes the growth, impact, and novelty of research topics into consideration and employs a hybrid approach of machine learning and bibliometric indicator.	5
In this article barycenters of the places of publication of monographs, edited books and book chapters are used to represent the internationalization of research in the Social Sciences and Humanities (SSH) as practiced at universities in Flanders (Belgium).	1
To identify research topics, I drew on Medical Subject Headings (MeSH), a controlled vocabulary thesaurus of the National Library of Medicine (NLM) in the United States (Azoulay et al., 2011).	3
The three specific aims guiding this effort are as follows: Aim1 identifying the possible underlying causes of why Taiwanese researchers (i.e., doctoral students and research associates [e.g., professors and postdoctoral researchers]) engage in QAPs, Aim2 exploring local researchers' attitudes toward the QAPs phenomena in the local academic and research communities, and Aim3 analyzing whether local researchers' demographic characteristics (i.e., gender, research discipline, academic rank, and type of institutional affiliations) are associated with Aim1 and Aim2.	1
In this paper, we study this systemic inflation by proposing a population model for academia.	1
Our findings have useful implications for making RA abstracts accessible to the general public.	5
The most important consideration is rapid peer review, supported by rapid publication.	4
As can be seen in Figure 1, bibliometrics continues to be the most popular term by far, webometrics fell significantly in 2016, and altmetrics is on the rise, albeit still nowhere near the same levels as bibliometrics.	4
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
The high penalty associated with adoption of a translational approach, all other things being equal, is another important finding of our study.	5
It is found that in terms of academic influence and societal influence, the evaluation scores of international OA journals are quite different between China and USA.	4
We obtained the data from two databases: PsycINFO and Scopus.	2
Joint research among BRICS partners would help the knowledge economy of all collaborating nations by sharing skills, resources and contributing to the economic and scientific advancement collectively.	5
The estimated annual rate of return to the stock of scientific research capital is 0.00015 or 1.5 invention disclosures for an increase of $10,000,000 in scientific research capital stock.	4
The Category Normalised Citation Impact before 2009 was relatively stable between 0.78 and 0.82.	4
Network centrality metrics are employed to gauge the degree of contributions made by journals and disciplines in establishing the body of knowledge of TM.	3
This reinforces the concept that the prestige of a journal plays a vital role in determining the impact its articles will have.	5
The statistical analysis reveals significant positive correlations between the level of understanding of research integrity-related knowledge, awareness of punishment measures for academic misconduct, and the frequency of receiving research integrity training with attitudes towards various forms of academic misconduct.	4
The United States (US) appears to be the most productive country followed by the United Kingdom (UK), Netherlands, Germany, and South Korea.	4
Using this model, a set of 2,000 Monte Carlo simulations were run to simulate the results of the U.S.	3
Data on the SJR and H index were obtained from the SCImago Journal and Country Rank, which is a portal that reports journal citation indices calculated from the information contained in the Scopus database.	2
The following data was exported from MEDLINE (1946 to May 2014) for each article: authors' full name, year of publication, primary author institution information, language of publication and publication type.	2
Finally, “Conclusions" contains some conclusions emphasizing the original contribution of the study and future research on the topic.	0
The articles were evaluated individually and their information was entered into Microsoft Office Excel 2007 for analysis using the collaborative coefficient formula.	3
Based on our results, a large proportion of articles are written by a close group of authors as declared in H2.	5
We also found support for Hypothesis 2b (Model 3), as tenure has a significant effect on the relationship between time to publish and perceived justifiability (β = 0.46, p = 0.04).	4
The USA was positioned in 1st place in scientific production with a frequency of 111, followed by GERMANY with a frequency of 27 and the UK also with the same frequency.	4
Our study employs a bibliometric analysis approach on a large set of studies (779) published between 2000 and 2020.	1
The solution employs natural language processors, similarity measures and graph computation algorithms, while integrating them in a software prototype.	3
However, the difference in citing between "domestic" and "international" research is not visible for the UK highly-cited papers.	5
To conclude, although FA analysis opens a wide range of possibilities for linking scientific input and output (such as the correlation between funding with collaboration and research performance), we argue that the pitfalls and potential impacts on the results of bibliometric analysis of FA should be taken into account when undertaking this type of analysis.	5
Case 1 is defined as follows: we assume that a certain article originally has A_L = A local authors only.	3
The population consists of the universities having at least 2 professors in the SDS	0
It occupies an interesting and noteworthy place among the leading, prestigious journals of the world.	0
Co-author and co-word networks were constructed from the bibliographic information of publications generated in an interdisciplinary research project, and cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses of complexity were conducted by calculating the graph entropy.	3
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
In fact, up to now, our methods and results for the KS are universal.	5
There was a significant increase in L2R scientific output between 2000 and 2013 as Fig.	4
The analysis showed that only a few bibliometric indicators are able to predict the final decisions taken by the peers at the opening Investigador FCT when the goal is to select applicants that do not have a long scientific career.	5
The United States was the leading country in HBO2 research.	4
Note that several other indicators are considered including the total citations (TC) and h-index.	0
Counter to Hypothesis 1, which predicted that the presence of these cues would be associated with higher citation counts, the presence of a stylistic cue (MGS = 44.72, SDGS = 78.61, Mdngs = 20.00; Mwos = 14.32, SDwos = 24.71, Mdnwos = 5.00) was actually associated with fewer citations than when stylistic cues were absent (MGs = 56.39, SDGs = 94.06, Mdngs = 23.00; Mwos = 17.22, SDwos = 27.94, Mdnwos = 6.00).	4
This study focuses on the scientific output of Spain covered by WoS in 2014, which is the most recent year analyzed in the aforementioned project.	2
Further studies with larger sample and in different academic fields should be conducted in order to reach more specific results.	5
The identity activation function was used for the output layer.	3
What fraction a of the journals with two articles do we have in this last group?	0
A sample of United Kingdom-based research scientists (N = 405) working in the chemical, biological and biomedical research domains took part in the study.	2
In contrast, the international collaboration of a few countries outperforms their production involving no collaboration or only national collaboration.	4
There is no doubt that providing this tool will strengthen even further the bonds between the ESC Central and the National Cardiac Societies, and European cardiovascular science will become more visible and readily accessible from any place in the world.	5
Table 4) and conceptually misleading (Roberts, 1979); to confirm this, the scientific literature includes several contributions indicating that percentile ranks cannot be added, such as (Kreifeldt & Nah, 1995; Thompson, 1993).	4
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/rev/advance-article/doi/10.1093/reseval/rvae021/7670652 by Nanjing Agricultural University user on 20 May 2025	0
The results of this study show that after the implementation of the new promotion guidelines 9 out of 10 publications can be verified by librarians at KNUST.	5
See below for a comparison of our methods and results with those of loannidis et al.	0
8 Comparison of mean h- index for inbred and non-inbred for different universities	0
Many of the empirically observed citation networks are found to be scale-free (their in-degree distributions have a power-law tail), clustering, and assortative (in the sense of in- and out-degrees respectively).	4
Articles published between 2015 and 2017 in 38 selected journals from 14 dental subareas were screened in Scopus.	2
We tested this assumption by monitoring the final destiny of a large number of papers that were first rejected without revisions by an editor.	1
We have considered two potential approaches of determining the match between research groups and expert panel members based on the journals in which they have published: distances (including confidence intervals) between barycenters on the map and distances (also including confidence intervals) between SAPVs.	5
To assess the scientific novelty, we first catalogue the keywords of every paper and then determine the number of co-occurrences for each keyword pair.	3
When a bunch of fermions get together, they obey the Pauli exclusion principle: No two fermions can be in the same quantum state.	1
First, this study conducts data envelopment analysis to measure the innovation, operation, and market efficiency performance of the EV industry.	1
We examine the influence of Brazilian institution acting as the corresponding author on the scientific impact (citations) of its scientific documents, distinguishing between its collaborative articles with foreign institutions and those resulting from national collaboration.	1
Agent-based modeling is an efficient way to study complex systems (Chhatwal and He	0
The primary objective of this study is to understand the evolution patterns of scientific knowledge by analyzing the formation mechanism of its EFCN.	1
We constructed knowledge network of a field by using the terms as nodes and forming edges according to the term co-occurrence in the papers.	3
Denise Troll Covey is principal librarian for special projects, Carnegie Mellon University Libraries, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA: she may be contacted via e-mail at: troll@andrew.cmu.edu.	0
International publishing activity in orthopaedic surgery has increased substantially over the last 10 years.	5
follower/peripheral, we utilized the SHapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) technique (Lundberg & Lee, 2017) to determine the magnitude and direction of the effect of features on the model's output.	3
Based on the interpretation of the formation mechanism of NQPKE, this paper characterizes the NQPKE by the coupling coordination degree of digital productivity and green productivity, constructs the indicator system from the two dimensions of digital productivity and green productivity, and adopts the entropy weight TOPSIS method and the coupling coordination degree model to measure the improvement of NQPKE in 21 European countries, from 2009 to 2022.	5
Of the initial 534 hits, 364 were included, whereas the other 170 were not relevant to rhinosinusitis and did not have rhinosinusitis or sinusitis in their project title.	2
We used the SCOPUS database employing "Lassa fever" as search descriptor.	2
The purpose of this study is to investigate whether scientific articles diffused on Twitter do receive more citations than their non-tweeted counterparts published in the same journal in the same year.	1
When considering overall research spending per country, Greece had the most cost-effective publication output.	4
Although there is no agreement reached in terms of journal ratings by AAIs and other citation and survey-based measures, we can confirm certain elite affiliations effect which leading sustainability journals have higher concentrations of authors who are affiliated with elite institutions, however, such elite affiliation effect is on average much lower compared with other disciplines as finance, accounting or transportation, etc.	5
Downloaded by University of Queensland At 08:16 30 January 2016 (PT)	0
These weaknesses likely caused an underreporting of quotation errors in this study.	5
Scientific misconduct and retracted publications are of great importance in both basic science and clinical research, as erroneous or fraudulent publications may directly impact patient care.	5
Use the MNLCS formula to calculate confidence intervals except if the group sample size is above 5% of the world sample size (i.e., Germany, UK, China, USA), and the world sample size is above 2000 (i.e., all except studies that focus on individual small subject categories).	5
We used principal component analysis as extraction method and rotated using the varimax rotation method in SPSS.	3
The general approach used in this study takes advantage of two separate comprehensive, granular models of science that were created using Scopus data.	2
All demographic, job placement, and institutional information was obtained from internet resources including practice websites, hospital/academic institution websites, Doximity, and LinkedIn.	2
These data may be of interest to faculty preparing for promotion, and also to institutional leadership.	5
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
As regards the trend in publication counts, the paired T test presented in Table 3 shows that the differences in increase rates between study and control set are not statistically significant.	4
This study uses the paper quality published by an institution in the UTD24 journals to indicate the research quality of this institution and takes the papers published by Chinese Business School in the UTD24 journals from 2000 to 2018 as the research object.	1
Finally, 8 additional scholars were identified who received the top research award (Robert W.	3
We categorized h-type indicators into four groups in each of which we select several typical indices to discuss and present their geometrical illustrations.	5
This study, for the first time, employed the method of bibliometrics to analyze intracranial aneurysm publications found on the Web of Science (WOS, Thomson Reuters Company) database from 1991 to 2012.	1
An online survey was developed in Qualtrics consisting of a total of nine questions addressing faculty knowledge and use of author IDs, researcher networking tools, and social media.	3
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 1094 times since 2011*	0
In this article we cross compare three substantially different indicators/predictors for an observational cohort of all 922 persons who received a PhD in astronomy from a U.S.	1
We consider three departments that were formed after the reorganization of the university (Department 1 (56 persons); Department 2 (93 persons), Department 3 (95 persons)).	2
Which countries in the world do sports medicine researchers have the most cooperation with?	1
Our sample consisted only those universities that have at least 50 or more than 50 publications in the WoS database, and 12 Malaysian universities (five Research Universities and seven non-Research universities) were considered in this study.	2
When comparing total publications and citations with research investment to United Kingdom institutions, tuberculosis research appears to perform best in terms of efficiency.	5
Moving forward, governments need to consider how the size and organization of distinct research efforts affect performance, and which arrangements are best suited to making meaningful progress on different problems of societal and scientific interest.	5
A bibliometric analysis of the scientific productivity in neurosciences in main five Latin American countries (Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Mexico) was carried out.	3
Our quantitative analysis is currently complemented by semi-structured interviews of researchers.	5
The cosine similarities and the regional and temporal origin of the dissertation titles they come from are then used in a linear regression approach.	3
We used the publication types: articles, proceeding papers, and reviews published in journals.	2
Of the total 247 e-theses repositories recorded in OpenDOAR directory, more than 236 (96 per cent) are found operational, which shows an institutional commitment towards the establishment and growth of these projects for preserving intellectual heritage.	4
Error occurs in 42.5% of the sample records, 27.1% could be attributable to the news platform and 15.4% could be attributable to the Altmetric database.	4
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2016	0
Compared with Non-OA, OA articles have higher page views and have faster geographical diffusion in more countries.	5
For the comparison of several journals in this study, we compiled the corresponding data of 77 journals publishing papers in information science and library science (LIS journals).	2
In demonstrating to readers the ways in which an article and journal adhere to scholarly publishing standards, the PFL is not intended to offer readers simple answers to the integrity question.	3
The PPQ is a suitable instrument to measure publication pressure among medical scientist, with acceptable psychometric properties.	5
References to books and monographs dominated, making up 53.3 percent of citations, while references to journals accounted for 35.9 percent.	4
In contrast, for science disciplines, the correlation (and determination) is dramatically higher, and using academic age as a proxy for biological age reduces the risk (correlation coefficient ranges from 0.82 for biochemistry, genetics, and molecular biology to 0.89 for chemistry and 0.90 for immunology and microbiology).	4
To do so, we focus on research on physical modeling of Earth's climate and the prediction of global warming as an example.	1
This study investigated the citation concentration characteristics affected by different aspects such as document type, field, concentration index and citation window, and found that document type and scientific field have mutual influence on the citation concentration patterns based on two classified groups of indicators whereas a citation window longer than three years does not have such a strong effect.	5
The scientific interest for food industry by-products has been growing constantly since 1976, with an intensified trend since 2015.	5
We use the following definition for a the solid which is a set of weighted points:	0
Nevertheless, it seems highly likely that the publication strategies of Russian research organisations will be transformed in the direction of minimising artificial collaborations and increasing the share of publications in highly ranked journals.	5
The present analysis explores the relationships between Sub-Saharan African health economic researchers and their respective co-authors.	1
Louis, Boston University, Orlando Regional, and the Naval Medical Center in San Diego.	4
For experimental purposes, we collected 1050 researchers' data from the mathematics domain.	2
According to Table 3, an interpretation of the factors can be concluded as the following:	4
What are the normative rates per year of peer-reviewed publications, conference presentations, book chapters, and grant monies by academic psychologists across institution type (using Carnegie Classification)?	1
Montreal: Canada Research Chair on the Transformations of Scholarly Communication, University of Montreal.	0
The reason for not relying solely on Scopus for the whole bibliometric analysis is the 30% discrepancy in the Scopus database compared with the PICMET database on conference papers as shown in Table I.	2
Further investigation with this clustering exercise is out of the scope of this paper.	0
It is important to continue to collect data to identify changes in composition and needs of the PHO workforce.	5
Do returnees' teaching performance differ from their domestic counterparts' instructors as perceived by their students, and does their performance vary between disciplines?	1
Inasmuch as bogus ascriptions and deletions of authorship are falsifications of the research record—much like plagiarism is a falsification of authorship attribution— and given that Merck executives clearly acted intentionally, RM can reasonably be concluded.	4
The underrepresentation of authorship from the less privileged countries seems to be a common finding in medical discipline journals.	5
Citation analysis is used as a tool to estimate quantitative and qualitative research productivity for the scientific community.	3
As shown in Figure 3, Topic 1 forms the largest cluster, containing 64 papers (41.83%), followed by Topic 2 with 60 papers.	4
In total, 10 574 articles were included in this study across the 11 journals over 5 years.	2
× year for each journal and every biblio-metric score.	3
These are (i) authors ranking methods, (ii) author credit allocation approaches, and (iii) topic modeling approaches that hold the potential to check similarity between two documents (e.g., research articles).	0
A number of reasons are provided to substantiate the view that such models are likely to be inappropriate for this purpose and any policy proposals derived in this fashion ought to be treated with considerable caution.	5
Data on funding agencies was obtained from the acknowledgments that appeared in the papers.	2
System policy, institutional management, course design, teaching and learning, and student experience are themes above the network average weighted degree (avd) in both all literature papers (avd: 140) and in specialized higher education journals (avd: 69).	4
World Bank data on R&D expenditure were used.	2
The shiny app (biblioshiny) of the bibliometrix package was used to process and analyzed the bibliographic data.	3
Relative comparative advantage index or revealed comparative advantage index measures the degree of scientific specialization of a country in a given subject area.	3
As the hard sciences show, neither normal nor revolutionary sciences have inherently good or bad characteristics; indeed, replication increases validity of findings.	0
The missing disciplines (not previously extracted from Wikipedia) have been learned based on the thesis title using a Bayesian supervised dictionary learning technique.	3
It is designed to answer two research questions: (1) What are the characteristics of higher education research in the post-Soviet space?	1
Respondents identified free accessibility of preprints and acceleration of research communication as the most important benefits of preprinting.	4
Code was written in Python to extract Mendeley readership using Mendeley API.	3
Received February 11, 2008; revised April 23, 2008; accepted April 23, 2008	0
The concept of research integrity needs more elaboration among Chinese biomedical researchers.	5
The results of this second thematic coding of the interview data form the basis for the refinement of our model to include additional indicators, and to discuss some preliminary expectations about the associative relationships among the external, collaborator, and team management factors that contribute to scientist collaboration.	4
The Poisson results in particular suggest that the number of prior submissions was significantly lower for manuscripts with only one author.	4
The implications of impact assessment on future LIS researcher behaviour, in terms of research conceptualisation and design, were explored through nine qualitative telephone interviews.	2
(2) How is interdisciplinary research, at the university, college, and school level, organized, led, and supported?	1
We acknowledge funding received from the University of Malaya Malaysia (UMRG - RP005C-13ICT), which made it possible to undertake this research.	0
This paper takes food safety as an example for testing the effect of the co-word analysis method based on semantic distance.	2
As in statistics, power is the probability (absent any bias) of denying tenure to scientists adhering to the false paradigm.	3
The results show that, perhaps counterintuitively, the total amount of carbon stock does not show significant differences regardless of the speed of material stock-flow metabolism in our scenarios.	5
The number of articles published in scientific journals is a reflection of research activity in a given country or area [12,13].	5
This study is the first bibliometric analysis of the literature in facial plastic surgery, to determine the most cited papers in the field.	1
By looking at the number of different affiliated countries for each citing article, we find that the vast majority of publications are from a single country.	4
Bibliometric techniques were employed to assess the performance in terms of research productivity of authors affiliated with IIMs.	3
Regarding relational measures, they allowed for a more in-depth analysis of social and intellectual interactions existing between research fields, research clusters or reference institutions, consolidated thematic areas or the emergence of new lines, research methods and co-occurrence analysis [58,59].	3
Nine-hundred five citation classics were found, over 11-fold more than 1 decade prior.	4
The effectiveness of the proposed method is evaluated through an empirical study of the tourism supply chain (TSC), where we employ the techniques of the network and cluster analyses.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Mann-Whitney statistical test was used to test the difference between the number of words or number of authors and citations.	3
Assessing the similarity of scientific outputs based on an indicator has not been addressed much so far.	1
The position of an article, determined by the average location over its terms, quantifies the degree of its appliedness, which I term the level score.	3
I searched for all publications indexed in WoS in the relevant period, by an author or coauthor with the surname and initial of the first name corresponding to each economist in the above defined group.	2
Received: 27 May 2021 / Accepted: 11 October 2021 / Published online: 8 November 2021	0
Because citation behavior varies by field, we standardize the citations for each publication with respect to the median of the distribution of citations for all the Italian cited-only publications of the same year and the same WoS subject category.	3
Data can also be displayed through a cartogram, according to the density of publications by geographic distribution.	4
20 Collaborations between India, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Sri Lanka over the period 1973–2007	0
Data were retrieved using Pubmed for English-language publications.	2
2 To understand the changes in the authorship, characteristics and affiliations of researchers on Santalum album over the last two decades?	1
The third issue is how many articles would have to be accepted, in an OA-only publishing landscape, so that the publisher benefits from the same revenue and profit margin as in the recent past.	1
The VQR research assessment exercise for a certain university R can be naturally modeled as an allocation game (R, G, products, val, 2) where R is the set of researchers affiliated with R, G is the set of all publications produced by the researchers in R, products maps authors to the set of publications they have written, and val assigns a value to each publication.	3
To overcome this limitation of year based indices, we have extend the year based h-index with the EM-index and have defined a new approach named year based EM-index with three variants, which are year based EM-index by publications, publication year citations count and citation year citations.	1
There were 409 students who took the online exam in August 2014 (and 674 students who took a proctored exam).	2
This article examines the citation patterns of articles published in six leading higher education journals—three published in the United States and three published elsewhere in the world—for what they reveal about the development of this field.	1
Second, we selected articles that were published between the years 1990 and 2019 as the time duration of thirty years is capable to draw a trajectory characterizing research trends in the past.	2
The boards of journals with IF above the median had significantly higher h-indices (P = .002), total publications (P = .01), and total and average citations (both any [P = .003, .009] and nonself-citations [P = .001, .002]) than journals below the median.	4
We also added information on the Impact Factor in each year from the Journal Citation Reports.	2
Data downloaded from the WoS was assessed and analyzed by using Microsoft Excel spreadsheet software.	3
Their relative publication performance is low both overall and in high quality publications.	4
Policy Unit, the Wellcome Trust, 210 Euston Road, London NW1 2BE, UK	0
The trend of the journal impact factor for the megajournals generally followed one of two trajectories.	4
At the journal level, seven of 12 journals in 2009 (58%) and 13 of 19 journals (68%) in 2010 had statistically significant results in terms of blogged articles attracting more citations.	4
This study used the number of authored or co-authored articles published in Scopus-indexed journals as an indicator of academic productivity.	3
All statistical analysis was performed using JMP Pro 14 software (JMP, Pro 14, SAS Institute Inc, Cary, NC, 1989-2019).	0
Thus, the final journal sample (see Appendix) contained 46 journals that appeared only on the Psychiatry list, 42 that appeared only on the Clinical Psychology list, and eight that appeared on both (i.e.	0
This resulted in 14,048, 11,978, and 65,603 articles for LIS, Socio, and Phys, respectively (Appendix A).	2
Clarity in argumentation, clear language, and accuracy of content in publications are considered by all participants to be very important.	4
In this study, we aim to investigate whether reviewers anchor to their original scores when updating their reviews, which serves as a potential explanation for the lack of updates in reviewer scores.	1
In this study, we focus on the role of bibliometric analysis in evidence-based policymaking (EBPM).	1
The article concludes that the Malaysian Ministry of Higher Education should pay attention to national initiatives in countries such as India and Australia that recognize national journals and reward researchers for publishing in them.	5
Thailand produced the most publications of the ASEAN member states while Singapore had the highest influence as indicated by its citation activity in plant biotechnology among the ASEAN countries.	4
The map of the concurrent subject terms in the titles and abstracts of digoxin toxicity articles were clustered in 4 main themes: mechanism of toxicity, toxicokinetics, signs and symptoms of toxicity, and treatment of digoxin poisoning (Figure 2).	4
The study is not only concerned with the publication year of cited references with high citation frequency, but also paid attention to early cited references with high citation frequency, primarily investigating how these prior works laid a knowledge foundation for ethnobotany and boosted its growth.	1
Our multivariable model identified academic rank, surgical specialty, graduate degree, presence of a training program, and larger clinical group as being associated with increased academic productivity.	4
We searched the Web of Science Journal Citation Reports database in the sport sciences category for the 20 journals with the highest 2-year Journal Impact Factor in 2018.	2
The total numbers of citations were most prominent for the journal Nature and the New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) (median 385 and 354, respectively).	4
Scopus was used as the data source because of its greater international coverage than the WoS (Li, Burnham, Lemley, & Britton, 2010; López-Illescas, de Moya-Anegón, & Moed, 2008; Moed & Visser, 2008), which is particularly useful for international comparisons.	2
There are a total of 4023 research articles, and their cumulative citations in the first 30 years after publication, i.e., between 1980 and 2009, are retrieved from the Web of Science (WoS).	2
Jointly published by Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
This study employed both performance analysis and science mapping approaches to analyze the published literature in genomics.	3
To identify monographs, we used the document type search command “DOCTYPE (bk)" in the Scopus Advanced Search option.	2
First, research papers were extracted from the databases using the query “Internet of Things.”	2
This paper focuses on corporation researchers, who have started to embrace ASNs but whose behaviors were less studied.	1
We use normal distribution to transform original data cnju into standard one, as shown in Normalization;.	3
So, linking SICRIS and COBISS while retaining only information on works in the social sciences, yields a database including over 81,000 works of the selected types published by more than 3,000 unique social scientists during the period 1991–2020.	2
If we specify "institute for information transmission problems" as the search criterion, the search leads to a unique result (Fig.	3
The third map is the bibliographic coupling map (Fig.	4
For instance, 50 projects have proceeding papers and books as outputs, 800 projects have articles as outputs	0
I want to thank Mike Boissevain, Jan van Dijk, Peter van der Schaar, Rob Verhoef and Kees Vissers for their participation in the research reported here.	0
This is a reality of academic life necessary for career progression.?	0
Therefore, MeSH terms should be used instead of KW Plus terms in the study of topic areas in biomedicine.	5
To investigate these questions, I identified a population of researchers who have been found guilty of engaging in research misconduct (specifically, FFP).	2
Turning now to the extreme cases, we have identified 22 individuals (out of the total sample of 130) who have been the recipients of two or more of the grants in Table 2 (i.e.	4
The institute with the greatest number of publications was University of Texas M.D.	4
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
We found that the process of making diagram of social network analysis on Google Maps using the MS Excel VBA codes.	3
This content downloaded from 128.252.067.066 on July 26, 2016 01:28:57 AM	0
Our study demonstrates that most patients are open to exercise being discussed during their Emergency Department visit, and that the prescription format was well-received by study participants.	5
In the last row, the figures in the column represent the total influence experienced by the main area of knowledge.	0
The data is based on author career publishing evidence for journal articles 2014–20 and the journals of articles published in 2017.	2
Models are fit using Monte Carlo Markov Chain Maximum Likelihood Estimation (MCMCMLE).	3
The Mekong Delta is the most frequently studied area.	4
To support the 20-year examination of trends, journals in this data set needed to be in publication since at least 1989.	2
They also thank Carl Bergstrom of the University of Washington and Kristin Antelman of the Caltech Library for helpful suggestions and discussions.	0
Given both the range and complexity of these factors, constructing an accurate and comprehensive definition of text recycling is challenging.	5
One of the limitations of this study is in the aggregation of sentiment counts across the user categories; a tweet_id can be assigned to multiple user categories in Altmetric.com data.	5
Probably not—after all, the familiar old adage says that “two heads are better than one.”	0
The most important research topics in e-health are personal health records (PHR), health information technology, primary care, mobile health, clinical decision support systems (CDSS), and so on.	4
However, what we have not shown in this article is why these particular papers were awakened after such delays, and who by.	5
A logistic regression analysis was conducted to determine the factors predicting women's first authorship.	3
In recent years, the emerging trends of this journal tend to be “design" and “public transport”, indicating that technological innovations and public awareness have also attracted researchers' attention.	5
A descriptive bibliometric approach was adopted for the study.	3
We collected 520 NPLs' names in three fields, Chemistry, Physics, and Physiology or Medicine (hereafter: Medicine), from the official Nobel Prize website.	2
The Retraction Watch database was used to identify the reasons for retraction and the time that elapsed from publication to retraction.	2
A total of 38 (60.3 %) journals did not offer any form of OA publishing; however, 20 (31.7 %) hybrid journals were identified which offered authors the choice to publish their work as OA if a publication fee was paid.	4
Paper 1 has received exactly the same number of citations according to Scopus (which is a fortunate coincidence).	0
Mendeley appeared most frequently (57,099 times), followed by Twitter posts (36,694), Facebook posts (3672), and news stories (2870).	4
This paper proposes that the scientific article can be understood the main unit in a piece-rate system that solves research patrons' problems of fairly evaluating and paying scientists.	1
Arnetminer data set is a collection of publications from the field of Computer science, collected from Digital Bibliography and Library Project (DBLP) bibliography, Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Digital library and CiteSeer.	2
Research Question 2: How do such differences vary by field?	1
Methodological quality of the evidence synthesis was assessed using the AMSTAR 2 criteria [32].	3
The authors used the VOSviewer software to analyze and visualize the relationships between authors, sources, countries, affiliations, and authors’ keywords [29–31].	3
7 using CommunityStructure- Partition, (part of the graph utilities package) to create maps and collaboration diagrams, following Clauset (2005).	3
no affiliations with or involvement in any organization or entity with any financial interest or non-financial	0
Our experiments on five datasets show that ARPISB usually discovers emerging topics with higher verification scores than those found by other methods.	4
The most influential policies are mainly published by the SCNPC and the SC, since they have higher administrative rankings than the MOST, despite it being the most productive policy-making agency of all.	5
Our study aimed to present a scientometric analysis for research on thermal tolerance domain.	5
We aim to use bibliometric analysis to identify the global contribution by country to the ENT surgical literature over a 5-year period.	1
To carry out proper data collection, the running of successive searches in the WoS allows for a process of learning and feedback to better fine-tune collection.	2
The problem, of course, is that not all citations are equal.	0
By way of inclusion criterion, papers were required to report on original research conducted on human beings and be written in English, Spanish or Portuguese.	2
The keyword “remote sensing” stands out, registering a significant surge from 148 mentions in 2016 to 2273 by 2023.	4
How does scientific discourse—the process of composing content and constructing contributions in scientific texts—relate to future knowledge consumption?	1
Specifically, we analyze the publication records of prolific authors to provide evidence regarding the perceived quality of a set of 23 high-impact finance journals.	1
Text mining using VosViewer was used to extract the thematic areas of research related to industrial informatics, which are as follows: (i) Internet of Things, (ii) machine learning, (iii) engineering education, (iv) cyber-physical systems, and (v) embedded systems.	3
This article builds on extant work and further seek to elucidate what is the degree of interdisciplinarity of technological knowledge areas forming a technology network and what technological knowledge areas appear most relevant and, thus, ought to be integrated in R&D based on their centrality or their potential bridging function while focusing on emerging technology networks.	1
The most predominant SDG among the analyzed research articles is SDG 3 (“good health and well-being”).	4
The research community is faculty members are representative of different specialties and orientations within language and literature fields (Persian and non-Persian) of primary and top-level universities in Iran.	2
Four measures were used to represent publishing productivity:	3
The methodology utilizes an automated web crawler to evaluate websites on five dimensions: accessibility, content, marketing, technology, and usability score.	3
We measure visibility by collecting the (forward) citations that have accrued to each published article (indexed in WoS) as of 2010.	3
This figure is above the maximum monthly limit of 5000 queries, but this limit was not reached because most search terms returned fewer than 20 pages of results.	0
Multiple sources were used to identity all theses and dissertations completed within the natural resources programs at the nine universities between 1940 and 2010.	2
To select the 10 journals in the field of Agricultural Economics and Policy to be considered, we combined six different rankings (e.g., based on survey-based rankings, impact factors and other metrics) in a Borda-ranking-like approach, that is, by creating mean ranks (see Droste et al., 2021).	2
In the last decade (2010–2019), genetic improvement techniques, both in the laboratory and in the field, have merged into a single cluster using the most innovative molecular biology techniques.	4
Social Studies of Science (SAGE, London, Newbury Park and New Delhi), Vol.	0
Despite its obvious importance, there is a lack of studies on how to quantify the influence of interdisciplinarity on the research impact, posing uncertainty in a proper evaluation for hiring and funding purposes.	1
As indicated in Table 1, we define research schools as those with a 2-2 load or less (0–12 annual teaching credit hours) as the norm, balanced schools as those with a 3-2 or 3-3 load (13–20 annual teaching credit hours) as the norm and teaching schools as those with a 4-3 load or greater (21t annual teaching credit hours) as the norm.	3
a Percentage of the publications in a given field among all fields.	0
In circumstances of voluntary research collaboration, successful research collaboration requires a stronger sense of 'equality', 'reciprocity', 'trust' and 'accountability' among the collaborators.	5
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:281668 []	0
Interpreted from the vantage point of Social Exchange Theory, these findings lead to a broad classification of co-authorship styles, each with implications for both early career researchers as well as more experienced academics, in terms of the propensity to foster more satisfactory working relationships, and effectiveness of research outcomes.	3
We consider possible pitfalls in such analyses and propose steps that can improve the comparability of these two data sources.	1
To investigate disciplinary differences, the second data set consisted of journal articles (excluding reviews and all other non-article types) in all subcategories of the Scopus sections: Arts and Humanities (13 subcategories); Business, Management and Accounting (10 subcategories); Chemistry (7 subcategories); and Pharmacology, Toxicology and Pharmaceutics (5 subcategories).	2
When we assumed that scientists increased their effort in reviewing only in case they were rejected as authors (equaliser), the average evaluation bias dropped to approximately one third of manuscripts.	4
Our detailed analysis suggests, contrary to initial assumptions, that it is not the time taken to revise papers but the actual number of revisions that leads to greater recognition for papers in terms of citation impact.	4
The differences between the assigned labels for both FFa scores and citations in most cases were not statistically significant.	4
The use of colons is a method used that allows authors to present more information in a more organized and aesthetically pleasing way.	5
These results indicate that for large sample sizes AoR and RoA are approximately equal (Table 5).	4
Upon manual screening, 117 of the 400 Scopus 'articles' (29.3%) were found to be reviews: 66 were directly identified from the publication title, abstract or journal title, 9 were indicated as an overview in the abstract, and the remaining 42 were identified by reading the full text.	4
A survey conducted among researchers at Norwegian universities and university colleges explores a number of aspects related to potential influences on individuals' research behavior (Aagaard, Bloch and Schneider 2015).	2
Regarding the research topic, half of the papers were related to the impact of conflict on civilians and civil society.	4
To assess scientific productivity of individual researchers we consider the outcome, or impact of their research activities, over the five-year period from 2004 to 2008.	2
In the second phase, interviews were held with project representatives responsible for societal interaction, and/or the consortium leader (n=18).	2
It will address the following research question: are negative citations and post-publication peer review comments both equally contributing to the correction of science?	1
A thematic analysis of the qualitative data revealed five main themes: unawareness, unrelenting publication pressures, low information literacy, social identity threat, and failure to publish in top-tier journals.	4
We applied two citation-based methods—main path analysis and network-based clustering to examine the effects of review articles on citation-based analyses.	3
Our results show that not all problems of publications can be spotted using Twitter data.	5
That is, the differences in the proportions of adjective amongst the discipline groups are fairly small, while those in the proportions of adverbs are fairly large.	5
Based on the corresponding author, high-income countries produced 61.9% of these publications.	4
The journal Ecological Economics is the top one with 67 papers accounting for 10.03%, followed by the journals Journal of Cleaner Production (54, 8.08%) and Environmental Science & Technology (52, 7.78%).	4
I thank Ms H Vanhooren for her help in retrieving articles.	0
Second-order clustering provides a solution on the basis of ‘indirect’ similarities: figuratively speaking, instead of analysing what two persons' friends have in common, the relationships of the friends of their friends are considered.	5
Scientometric analysis have been quite useful for global basic and clinical neuroscience research, in order to identify international trends and other key parameters, such as collaboration patters and highly cited articles (Gong et al.	5
The paper offers data to support the contention that legal scholarship is characterised by regionalism in academic publishing and citation patterns.	4
pmparser supports four database management systems: PostgreSQL, MariaDB, MySQL, and SQLite.	3
We propose a method to renormalize research metrics.	1
The present study is conducted to answer the research question, "Which h-type index is the best to address the different dimensions of RPE, with less reservation at meso level?	1
Deciding which research applications are most promising and of the highest quality and hence deserve to be funded is a daunting task, inherently engraved with considerable uncertainty and disagreement.	5
Comparing the observed frequency with the frequency distribution created with the randomized citation networks, we generated a z score for each journal pair.	3
In the Techno-Economic Network framework, the result shows that the United States maintains its position in the Science and Technology poles, revealing its strong competitiveness, while the nanotechnological competencies in Japan have lost strength significantly in recent years.	4
For the sake of clarity, we limit the graph plot to the 10 top-ranked researchers only.	0
To conduct this research, we used an openly available data set, One of them was collected by Valenzuela et al.	2
Data was extracted from two world repository directories (Registry of Open Access Repositories - ROAR and Directory of Open Access Repositories - DOAR) and Directory of Open Access Journals - DOAJ to determine the presence of Africa and size of repositories and records found in the directories.	2
The results are presented as visualised networks with centrality calculations.	3
I use the cosine similarity between a set of references or authors from publication A and a set of references or authors from publication B:	3
In the race for the next-generation scientific superpower, however, China not only needs to sustain substantial investments in research and development, but also requires restructuring of its research industry.	5
To demonstrate the differences from Leydesdorff and Opthof (Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology, 64(5), 1076–1080), we conclude this artcle by testing the routine on the MeSH category "Brugada syndrome."	2
By discipline, Health Sciences and Life Sciences are the most discussed research areas.	4
Secondly, JASMIN (www.jasmin.ac.uk); a data-intensive supercomputer co-located with the archive, allowing users to bring their data for analysis and also utilize archived data (JASMIN 2018).	2
Another indicator, balance in collaboration (BIC) is used to evaluate the balance of Russia's international collaboration.	3
Furthermore, Zipf's law showed an increasing influence over time, whereas a decreasing influence was observed for the PLE.	4
Majority of the MCAs on CMM were published in non-dermatology/melanoma specialized journals.	5
The USA emerges as the leading contributor to the journal; however, China exhibits a large number of collaboration links.	4
An issue related to this is what I have called an impact gap a failure to connect the impact agenda to more junior academics; their current contributions and their training or capacity-building needs.	5
For each selected academic we collected career data from résumés available on business school websites.	2
Five OREF grant categories were therefore included in our analysis: the Career Development Grant ($134,000 to $225,000), the Zimmer Orthopaedic Career Development Grant ($50,000), the Career Development Grant in Total Joint and Trauma Surgery ($50,000), the Young Investigator Grant ($50,000), and the New Investigator Grant ($50,000).	2
As a rule, citation records are higher in the case of non-CEE journals.	4
Consistent growth in the number of studies and citations on indigenous communities concerning environmental conservation, natural resources, and economic development was observed during the last four decades.	4
In order to analyze the GH database, we used the software platform CorTexT (www.cortext.fr), which comprises algorithms designed to process bibliographic data and to perform several types of scientometric network analyses (Rule et al, 2015; Cointet et al, 2012; Jones et al, 2011).	3
Consider a list of three journals associated with the matrix of citations C = (cij) and the vector of reference intensities u = (ui) such that:	0
We find limited emphasis on open access as advantageous for education.	4
The bibliographic database selected to collect the source data is Elsevier Scopus.	2
Over 87% of references in the Annals and EJCTS were from citable material compared with only 43-55% for Lancet.	4
This study explores how scientometric data and indicators are used to transform science systems in a selection of countries in the Middle East and North Africa.	1
The methodology demonstrated its potential to enhance the credibility of the academic ranking process by ranking the global HEIs, using two publicly verifiable data sources: DBpedia and the ArnetMiner.	5
Our study suggests that there is no OA citation advantage at the journal level.	5
For each Nobel laureate, a thorough search of their publications using the Web of Science database (http://ipscience.thomsonreuters.com) was conducted.	2
As a result, faculty members and Law School affiliates have registered with ORCID over several weeks.	4
Dr Ailawadi has served as a consultant for Abbott, Med- tronic, Edwards Lifesciences, and Cephea Valve Technolo- gies.	0
Let further Y be a decreasing vector in (R+)∞ such that sup(lyr - Xr) ≤ d, then h(Y-D) ≤ h(X) ≤ h(Y+D).	4
By selecting researchers based on their early-career publication performance, the selector will simply create a self-fulfilling prophesy, and in doing so, forego opportunities for selecting on variables that are indicative of relevant competences.	5
In this paper, we focus on research evaluation issues, presenting an analysis of REF2021 and sharing our relevant experiences of the B&M sub-panel.	1
We used the following search strategy for identifying the related publication in the WoSCC.	2
Its themes and publication patterns have changed dramatically over that period, but it has retained its commitment over three editors, to being a unique venue for research that transcends disciplinary boundaries.	5
Our results also suggest that the extent of these consequences is closely linked with the ranking of co-authors on the retracted paper, being felt most strongly by first authors, followed by the last authors, with the impact is less important for middle authors.	4
Phylomemies also clearly identifies shifts in research questions, from vaccine efficacy to booster efficacy.	4
Despite this, male first-authored papers achieve higher citation counts, with 18.42 in all the databases (15.76 in Web of Sciences), compared to females with only 15.25 (12.177 in Web of Science).	4
The study shows that the field of research is by far the most important factor influencing the propensity to collaborate internationally.	4
This standardization of perceptions has a clear impact on practices: many more people in the United Kingdom agree that their work ‘is influenced, shaped by academic metrics' (Graph 12), both in research-related decisions (Graph 13) and in career-related decisions (Graph 14).	4
Pearson's x2 statistic was used to compare the distribution of responses between discipline groups, and between the specific disciplines and the remainder of the respondents from each metadiscipline.	3
However, the theme or topical area of each topic is described with a wordcloud drawn from all the abstracts assigned to a topic, provided in Appendix S1.	0
This study leveraged the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) dataset, recognized for its extensive coverage and reliability in scholarly research (Wang et al., 2020).	2
This study provided a novel viewpoint on how scientific knowledge evolved over time and deceptively investigated factors influencing the innovation potential and pace of scientific knowledge.	5
Our argument was that we cannot understand the status consequences emanating from particular evaluations without understanding how these evaluations are constructed by those who participate in them.	5
In this study, the bibliometric technique was employed to quantitatively appraise the shale gas literature.	3
Are journal articles recommended in Faculty Opinions cited more than other articles?	1
A total of 2247 and 3029 papers were found for 2006–2007 and 2016–2017 respectively.	4
Analysis of data utilized both deductive, theory-driven analysis by focusing on the aforementioned four capacities and inductive content analysis (Bryman 2004) and inductive, data-driven analysis (Gioia 2004).	3
Each of 12,000 entries in the dataset contains a computer-generated manuscript ID, date of manuscript submission, the editor's decision and its date, as well as the dates of receiving referee and associate editor's reports (if any).	2
These data were retrieved from the Cardiopulmonary Department program files in 2010.	2
This paper provides several contributions to network theory and the literature regarding team collaboration.	5
In this case, from a theoretical point of view, relative performance should be the same at all citation levels; this was demonstrated empirically with the citation distributions of Germany and Sweden in chemistry (Figure 2).	0
How is productivity linked to institutional involvement in initial teacher education?	1
Specifically, this study sought to determine which serials marine biology graduate students at our institution have cited the most frequently, and if the frequency of citation matches patterns observed by previous studies.	1
The results show that the total number of publications on Picea archived in WoS was 20,958 and that the number of papers published annually has increased over time, peaking at 1725 in 2013.	4
H. M. Jorge: Priority setting for education in applied physics ...	0
First, individual academic's attributes (including commitment, motivation and research competency); departmental and/or university-related factors (for example, recruitment, tenure and promotion policies; research assessment policies; departmental leadership; and availability of research supervisors, co-authors and infrastructure); national and international factors (including: lack of research funding); perceived editorial and/or review bias; professionalisation and vocationalisation of accounting education; and professional associations explain the low research output of the region.	4
This index shows how important scientific partners are for a specific country.	3
An online survey was conducted with participation from 207 respondents who had experience of reviewing and authoring research papers.	2
Adding the JIF and LP score (Model 4) only increases the R-squared by 4.66 percentage points, once again indicating that adding measures of journal quality only modestly improves the model's predictive power.	4
We conduct experiments using a scholarly dataset from Scopus.	2
We report their measured productivity as both whole trajectory (career-long) and as annual impact at year 2019.	4
This corpus consists of 3149 retracted publications, for which correct links to retraction notices within Web of Science and this timeframe have been established.	2
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ttap20	0
Then, we operationalised multidimensional scientometric indicators for ERTs, which included eight scientometric indicators to instantiate the multidimensional indicators for ERT detection.	3
In this study, we examined 17.9 million research articles in the Web of Science (WOS) to see how prior work is combined.	1
In this work, we deal with the problem of quantitatively measuring the importance of scientific journals when an impact factor is not available, as occurs for most journals in the humanities areas.	1
1 CpP comparisons between non-English journals and pure English journals in six physics subfields	0
The two bibliometric methods usually adopted in research evaluation are publication count and citation analysis/citation count.	3
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/387103328	0
The non-rivalness of scientific knowledge has traditionally underpinned its status as a public good.	1
We obtained the citation number from Scopus and altmetric scores from the Altimetric API.	3
All but one of the journals (98.2%) were not listed on Scopus, DOAJ, and/or Web of Science.	4
We used the list of 66 active language and linguistics PPJs collected in a previous study to identify authors and extract their email addresses (see Nejadghanbar & Hu [2022a] details on how the PPJs were identified and selected).	2
Diachronous distributions for the set of articles published in 1980 were obtained from Web of Science (WoS).	2
In Sections 3 and 4, an empirical study undertaken to test these arguments is reported.	0
How does digitalization transform the macroeconomic production function?	1
In order to reduce the influence of outliers on the distribution of scores, the boxplot criterion was employed to identify significant outliers.	3
In conclusion, strengthening the research integrity construction in Chinese universities is a systemic and comprehensive task, requiring the concerted effort of management departments, funding departments, and universities.	5
Continued use of the h-index should at least exclude the author's own self-citations to be equitable.	5
2A complete graph, or clique, is a graph with all possible edges.	0
Because neuroradiology is one of the fastest growing fields in imaging science, we sought to evaluate the publishing characteristics of the top 20 contributors to the AJNR, as a sample from one of the most popular clinically focused journals of the specialty.	1
In this paper, to estimate efficiency scores (λ), to construct confidence intervals with unbiased scores, and to provide evidence about the potential determinants (Z) of previously estimated bias-corrected efficiency scores (λ), we used the double bootstrap procedure of Simar and Wilson (2007).	3
The comparison of research successes in the United States and Europe demonstrated the problems of research assessment.	5
One question of interest is whether papers written to be understandable by a narrow versus broad readership fare better during peer review and have more impact post-publication.	1
The m-quotient was calculated by dividing the Scopus h-index by the academic career duration.	3
We retrospectively studied the main bibliometric indexes of all SERVEI members whose data (name, gender, date of birth, and place of employment) were obtained from the database published on the member's section of its Web site [10].	2
These existing ecosystem and geographical biases have the potential to affect our understanding of food webs and ecosystem processes.	5
Quarterly samples from December 2011 to December 2012 were extracted from Google Scholar Citations to analyse the number of members, distribution of their bibliometric indicators, positions, institutional and country affiliations and the labels to describe their scientific activity.	2
A study of the correlation between h-index and the number of citations can be found elsewhere (Schubert, 2009).	0
The final query string in the advanced search was as follows: TITLE-ABS (“COVID 19" OR "2019 novel coronavirus" OR "coronavirus 2019" OR "coronavirus disease 2019" OR "2019-novel CoV” OR “2019 ncov” OR “COVID 2019” OR “COVID19” OR “corona virus 2019” OR “nCoV-2019” OR “nCoV2019” OR “nCoV 2019” OR “2019-ncov" OR “COVID-19” OR “Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2” OR “SARS-CoV-2") AND SRCTITLE (“environ*").	2
Since the beginning, a semi-automated workflow was introduced to populate the repository with publication data from Scopus, Web of Science, Dimensions and Unpaywall using a custom R script.	3
For commercial publishers, the value of peer review is its role as a market mechanism in differentiating journals.	5
In this paper, we study the reviewer's compensation problem in the presence of quality standard considerations.	1
The diversity of economics appears to be an important source of its appeal.	0
Software suites employed include VantagePoint v9.0 for data consolidation, cleaning and analysis and Gephi v0.82 and v0.9 for network analysis and visualisation.	3
More information on this can be found in Online Resource 1.	0
Thirdly, I conducted a research area-based analysis of papers published in the selected country science systems.	3
552 of these 1,189 faculty members (46%) had no publications in library and information science journals at the time of data collection and thus were excluded from the data set.	2
Identify the publications with the highest TF score and define their core bibliographic characteristics.	1
Scientific publications witnessed an annual increase of 5% between 1995 and 2008, and the growth rate remarkably rose between 2009 and 2019 to reach 31% per annum.	4
Thus findings for the discipline of medicine need to be viewed in this context.	0
This study was conducted between 1992 and 2011.	2
This argument stems from interrater reliability studies (IRR studies) on peer review.	3
On average, the collaboration index changed from 2.50 authors/article in 1990–2000 to 3.21 authors/article in 2001–2011.	4
We decided also to ignore the entries that have less than 4 pages.	3
In addition, a sample of reviewed documents is provided to evaluate the reliability of the proposed methodology, performing also some statistical tests.	3
Furthermore, the method of citation analysis is applied to evaluate the influence of S&T policies.	3
The research also sets out to determine how these relations differ between the mobile scientists who have stayed in the USA for a longer period, to explore the likely negative selection effect on returnees.	1
Trauma (n=207), general orthopedics (n=144), and spine (n=105) were identified as the most prominent subspecialties.	4
Selection of the optimal number of topics for the entire period (10 years).	0
Over a five-year period, Department A's total research output rose, while the number of research staff decreased slightly, in other words research productivity (output per head) rose.	4
To tackle this problem, we propose a novel real-time feedback query expansion technique, which is a two-stage interactive scholarly search process.	1
For all the ERTs, 16 ERTs had the same results, 3 ERTs were similar and 7 ERTs had contrasting results.	4
To evaluate the uncertainty, we used a bootstrap approach suggested by Andersson et al.	3
Findings suggest altmetrics have attracted attention in academia and could be considered complementary to traditional metrics.	5
The standardized beta coefficients were positively significant with the number of authors, international collaboration, and the place of publication of journals.	4
Section 4 offers some concluding comments, discusses the robustness of the results using the multiplicative approach, and includes some suggestions for extensions.	0
Disparity (D) represents the heterogeneity of the knowledge base, which is calculated based on 1-Sij (the similarity between the ith discipline and the jth discipline).	3
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
There are 196 directed edges and 95 nodes in the graph.	4
Out of the 4457 Web references, 3052 remain operational (68.48%).	4
The other types were corrections, biography, and news, which accounted for only small percent (Table II).	0
On 20 March 2021, I searched the Web of Science Core Collection (Clarivate Analytics; v.5.35) for published articles with “fisheries or fishermen or fishes or fish or fishing" as the topic.	2
However, it can also be used to change a report produced from the Manager to standard bibliographic for- mat suitable for publication.	0
(We considered “international" all papers with at least one co-author with non-Hungarian affiliation.)	0
This research was funded by the China Social Science Foundation (18ATQ006).	0
year (i.e., 1995) as the threshold between the junior and senior scholars.	3
To measure the collaborative activity between Russia and other countries, relative intensity of collaboration (RIC) was used (Fuchs et al., 2021), which compares the share of country Y within the collaboration profile of country X to the share of Y within all collaborations in the whole network.	3
since even the USA data show that 42 % of the institutional authors of their ISI-indexed papers are related to institutions located abroad.	4
In this study, a bibliometric analysis is conducted on the scientific publications about earthquake prediction indexed in SCIE (Science Citation Index Expanded) and SSCI (Social Sciences Citation Index) databases during the past two decades (1998–2017).	1
We use the error and tie rates to judge the performance of the various evaluation measures.	3
The project was generously funded through gifts from Bloomberg Philanthropies, Blakeley Investment Corporation, the Argosy Foundation, and the Kelly Family Foundation.	0
TABLE 3 The number of publications and citations by the type of publication	0
We used the publication types: articles, letters, notes, reviews, and proceeding papers published in journals.	2
The aim of the study is to investigate whether younger and older researchers are differently engaged in international research collaboration.	1
Although library holding data is constructed upon work format of books, it is less known how much print and electronic books in libraries contribute to the library holding counts.	1
Median time to first correction was estimated using the Kaplan-Meier method.	3
The results reveal that the mapping results possess high validity for the relative error of experts' judgements, the quantitative metrics are 43.4%, and the corresponding best weights are determined in the meantime.	4
For more than 60% of companies, more than half of MNPRs cited in their patents are from public science.	4
In this study, we investigate the downloads behavior of readers for two well-known IEEE journals in the field of education, i.e., IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies (TLT) and IEEE Transactions on Education (ToE).	1
We sought to evaluate the h-index as a reliable and valid measure of research performance in general surgery across 6 universities in the province of Ontario, Canada.	1
No commercial party having a direct financial interest in the results of the research supporting this article has or will confer a benefit on the authors or on any organization with which the authors are associated.	0
The F score achieves the best value of 79.89% when the number of clusters k is 15.	4
Adjusted p values for subgroup comparisons were calculated using the Dunnett T3 method for unequal variances.	3
(2) Have you found the system to be useful to you and your group?	0
Data are collected from PubMed, the Web of Science (WoS) and the WoS, restricted to the area Life Sciences Biomedicine, denoted as WoS (LS).	2
A promising RF is identified on the basis of the results from dynamic analysis which is a comparison process of the number of core patents in two periods.	3
Downloaded from ehp.sagepub.com at MCMASTER UNIV LIBRARY on March 17, 2015	0
The Cadernos de Saude Publica and Revista da Associacao Medica Brasileira published the most publications and reviews, respectively.	4
In this study, we focus on recognizing collaborative teams and exploring inner patterns using scholarly big graph data.	1
The objetive of this study was to explore a bibliometric approach to quantitatively assess current research trends with regard to breast cancer in Mexico.	1
Researchers from high-income countries seem to have higher degree centrality and tend to cluster together in densely connected communities.	4
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
2 shows, after 1970, there is significant variability in the number of citations from year to year, ranging from 1 citation to 32 citations a year.	0
Therefore, we conclude that the Bologna reform has a significant impact on the scientific publication performance of Ph.D.	5
There was a very strong positive (r=0.876) correlation between the total number of thesis publications and the years (p<0.001; R2=0.767).	4
Since consensus regarding the validity of the NoveltyU method for measuring innovativeness is still lacking, this paper aims to provide further validation and elucidate its combining form of novelty and scope of application through an examination of its calculation process and application in collaborative patterns, one of the forms that combing knowledge.	1
To explore the second research question (the mode of knowledge production), we counted the number of internationally coauthored publications of each relationship and calculated percentages based on the total number of papers.	3
We would like especially to thank Nicolas Payette (University of Oxford) for help on model debugging.	0
The second case presents serious theoretical problems and there is no one standard approach so far.	0
In this paper, the key aspects of the IF are covered from an international perspective, with a specific emphasis on psychiatry journals.	1
Based on the study findings, the study concludes that research visibility and impact at the TU-K is on the growth.	5
This indicator (known and used in economics as Comparative Advantage Index typically calculated with export data) has originally been introduced by FRAME (1977) in bibliometrics and long used in macro studies (for instance, SCHUBERT et al., 1989).	0
L'article étudie l'inflation du nombre de coauteurs qui touche aujourd'hui plusieurs disciplines comme la physique des particules et les sciences biomédicales.	1
This meta-research analysis aimed to evaluate the publication profiles, impact, and disclosures of conflicts of interest of non-research authors who had published > 200 Scopus-indexed papers in Nature, Science, PNAS, Cell, BMJ, Lancet, JAMA or New England Journal of Medicine.	1
In this paper, we distinguish between the following variants of fractional counting:	3
Only articles that used the words “systematic review” or “meta-analysis” in the title or clearly indicated in the abstract that a systematic process was used in the review methodology were included.	3
We employ the Physics and Astronomy Classification Scheme (PACS) present in each paper to map the scientific interests of 103,246 authors and their evolution along the years.	3
The policy as stated on the back cover of the Journal was as follows:	0
Independent authors will have to accept the financial burden or restrict their submissions to traditional paid-subscription-model journals.	5
The PWR score then provides a size-independent recursive measure of the impact of each journal which is inclined towards journals that have the highest power to influence and the lowest weakness to influence.	5
Our study found that while there are some institutions that have incorporated OA policies and practices, overall OA is not yet a common priority among Angolan HEIs.	5
The orange and green curves represent the diversity of subfields considering the number of papers and number of citations in PRD subfields, respectively	0
In terms of communities, Recuero (2009) explains that social networks typically form clusters where nodes within the community exchange information more frequently than with external nodes.	0
In this paper, we compared the classification of publications in Nature based on three different approaches across three different systems.	1
Controlling for journal quality, the number of co-authors of a paper has no effect, but it is positive when co-authors are located outside the own institution.	4
All academic researchers working at or affiliated to at least one of 15 universities or 7 University Medical Centers in The Netherlands were invited by email to participate.	2
Following this, heuristics are employed to understand the temporal growth pattern of success (henceforth referred to as “success trajectories”).	3
Stratified random sampling was used to select 115 lecturers (about 50%) across the 10 departments in the Faculty.	2
The research on which this paper is based was supported by a grant of the Netherlands Ministry of Education and Sciences, Directorate-General for Science Policy, The Hague.	0
Surgeons with graduate degrees had more publications per year, higher CiteScores, more citations per article, and higher h- and r-indices than those without graduate degrees.	4
At first sight, this figure does not represent much, because it only shows the number of articles received and accepted.	0
The Category Normalized Citation Impact values and the presence of documents in first quartile journals were higher in OA than in non-OA models.	4
It examines field-specific gold OA dynamics both globally and within the Chinese mainland through in-depth scientometric analyses.	1
Finally, each vignette will describe (5) the impact of the engagement, especially in comparison with the intended aims.	3
Further, by revealing a heretofore unknown disconnect between disciplinary gatekeepers and documentary evidence, the findings revealed an important point of reconciliation needed among those in the discipline.	5
These collaborations may facilitate the access of researchers living in developing countries to academic networks and debates, improving their capabilities and helping them to gain visibility.	5
Results show a slight gender imbalance in favor of men that tends to diminish throughout the years, almost reaching parity in the last three years.	4
The authors have no proprietary or commercial interest in any materials discussed in this article.	0
We study the selection process of agricultural research projects funded by the Emilia Romagna regional government in Italy, which follows funding procedures similar to many other European regional public authorities.	1
We therefore surveyed the constituency of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN) to determine the extent of literature access from among the world's conservation professionals and to which their institution facilitates access to literature.	1
This study suggests equivalent importance and quality of articles between OA and subscription based orthopaedic journals based on bibliometric data and the volume of level I evidence produced.	5
Here, we attempt to address this question by using computational methods to measure the cognitive content and concepts of K.	1
It is of note that there were no results by South African authors or linked to South Africa, African countries or any other developing countries.	4
we propose to conduct cluster analysis by applying the K-means clustering algorithm to the reduced l-dimensional coefficient space.	3
This study did not constitute human subjects research and thus did not require review by the local institutional review board.	0
However, publications from ML were unevenly distributed among the provinces.	5
Regarding interdisciplinarity, our findings seem to contradict the hypothesis that women have more propensity to inter-disciplinary research collaboration (Abramo et al., 2015).	5
The scientific quality of the members of the commission has a negligible effect on the expected outcome of the competition, and even less so the geographical location of the university holding the competition.	4
This survey was conducted on the platform provided by DXY (www.dxy.cn), which is the largest medical and paramedical related website in China with registered medical doctor users of slightly more than one million.	2
This study seeks to explore these questions via bibliometric citation analysis targeted to a very specific field of study in English literary scholarship.	1
(2) is there a gender disparity in solo authorship?	1
A Scopus search revealed 552 false positives, highest in 2020 (41 cases), most in Acta Horticulturae (17 times), and most frequently by corresponding authors with a German affiliation (48 times).	2
The main limitation of the current paper is that it only covers papers in English language, published by 79 OR/MS journals in the WOS database, from 2001 to 2013.	5
In addition, learning is a common theme across the four journals.	4
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Presented at the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine Annual Meeting, San Diego, CA, May 2015.	0
As mentioned above, the purpose of this paper is to model and analyze the relationships among paper citations and the influencing factors using Bayesian network.	1
This implies that our ranking results should be carefully used by interested parties taking into account the above limitations.	0
The total number of papers and the cumulative sum of the IFs was divided by the number of the country's inhabitants (population of 2007 and 2017 respectively) to obtain a publication and IF per inhabitant ratio.	3
We use the Web of Science database [30] and explore the following information available for individual articles: citations, title, abstract and the classification in one scientific speciality (per OECD classification [31]).	2
It is not possible to establish a baseline, but spreading 439 publications amongst 89 lecturers over the 40 years since the first publication implies that each lecturer authored about 0.1 of a publication per year.	0
Sixty three out of 128 corresponding authors (49.21%) responded to our questionnaire, so we evaluated 296 researchers' names, from which 186 authors (62.83%) met the authorship criteria; 110 authors (37.17%) were identified as guest authors, 97 of which deserved to be mentioned in the acknowledgement section.	4
The A-NWDC networks provide a highly comprehensive and cohesive picture of main discipline structures of the entire research area.	5
This study examined 696 research papers related to COVID-19 whose journal being categorized as "information science & library science" by Web of Science.	1
The point is of interest, but the reviewer is misunderstanding the main point.	0
In total, 578 (48 %) medical professors responded, of whom 437 (36 %) completed the questionnaire.	2
With decreasing proceedings paper dominance in research fields the ratio of proceeding paper volumes over journal-based proceedings papers decreases significantly	4
Graphs of keyword co-occurrences have also been generated to analyse the important themes of research and their trends over the years.	3
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The most frequently occurring values for “relationship between source and target” in absolute numbers and in percentages	0
A search for retracted papers to be included in this study was carried out on June 28, 2023, using the PubMed database (http:// www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed), developed by the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) at the National Library of Medicine (NLM).	2
Bibliometrics, also known as “scientometrics", is a powerful tool for the quantitative and qualitative assessment of scientific research and publications [1].	1
differential weighting) can be carried out; and iii) the determination of the parameter ?, which sets the “conversion rate”.	3
I used the OECD classification of six research areas (OECD, 2007): Natural Sciences, Medical and Health Sciences, Social Sciences, Humanities, Engineering and Technology and Agricultural Sciences.	3
3) and sketches some of its major trends.	1
I shall here draw on early writings on the topic of collaboration, mostly in the physical and natural sciences after the Second World War.	2
Hence, there is no direct relationship between a region's economic resources and the investment put into developing its archival websites.	5
In a nutshell, this practice undermines academic integrity in Pakistan.	5
Institutions supported 1,166 CDA positions from 2006 to 2011, with 134 awarded to child health investigators (11.5%).	4
Therefore, the current article fills this gap by investigating the lengths of time between the years that high-, medium-, and low-cited articles are published and when they receive their first citations, as well as the lengths of time needed to receive second or more citations relative to when they received their first.	1
Given overdispersion in the distributions for the number of total publications and for the H-index, for those two dependent variables we use negative binomial models; we model logged total citations using ordinary least squares regression.	3
A single-valued composite outcome indicator for the research performance of each institution from each database can be computed as the second-order indicator called the exergy term from the quantity (size) and quality (excellence) indicators, x = iP = i2C.	3
The evaluation of each society is based on the probability of obtaining better results with respect to the others.	3
Physical Review Letters (IF2019 = 8.385) was the most productive journal with a total of 135 papers, accounting for 33.75% of all, followed by Nature with 101 top-cited papers accounting for 25.25%, but Nature has the highest impact factor (42.779) among all these journals; they are the only two journals with at least 100 top-cited papers.	4
The mean ± SD h indices for institutions comprising the top 10% ranged 4.17±3.2-5.25±5.4 while the bottom 10% ranged 0.0±0.0-0.75±1.4.	4
had a greater percentage of manuscripts from Asia than AJSM?	4
Our data suggest a relation between PPJ prevalence and national research evaluation policies.	5
The participants generally perceive science as important for daily life, but opinions on its societal relevance varied.	4
Model 1 from Table 3 confirms the positive association between age diversity and citation impact.	4
This process led to the creation of 25 "Gold Standard" lists of references for the years 2001-2011.	2
In general, topics that are more relevant to the mission of the biomedical domain are more likely to become popular.	5
Yanchao Li, the University of Manchester, for improving the language of the article.	0
The result was a panel of slightly more than twenty people representing a mix of disciplines that included biologists (experts in bird, bat, frog, fish, or insect studies), robotics, artificial intelligence, controls, autonomous aircraft, fluid dynamics, sensors, neuroscience, cognitive science, autonomous underwater vehicles, aerodynamics, propulsion, and avionics.	0
Received 9 February 2022; Revised 17 April 2022; Accepted 1 June 2022; Published 27 June 2022	0
The majority of interviewees underlined public and patient benefit as the preeminent goal of open science at the MNI (Rouleau, 2017).	4
Notes: "Geography" means human geography; physical geography is classified as “non-life science;"	0
In the era of the Internet, authors should save copies of their cited Internet pages and provide them to editors to protect against future questions about the reliability of their research (Dimitrova & Bugeja, 2009).	0
In conclusion, all 6 GCC countries are consistently producing more number of publications over time.	5
This paper aims to fill this gap by analyzing patent references to scientific literature over the 1998–2017 period in all disciplines.	1
The Scientific output of graduates should be considered in the evaluation criteria of postgraduate programs.	5
That is, journals may alter their characteristics in appropriate directions as it becomes evident that they are maturing and gaining in status.	0
I emphasize that my home institution is interested in diversity of publishing, as suggested by this list, which is used here merely as a model.	0
In all four governance contexts, we select only 'top-of-the-pile' universities with exceptional reputations (Paradeise and Thoenig 2015).	2
rational choice, differential association, general strain, self-control, and anomie theories.	3
A correlation coefficient (R) was calculated between the 3 rankings.	3
This study suggests minimizing the error in databases, enabling an error-free indexing system and accurate bibliometrics studies.	1
The initial design of RO@M included a top-level menu item as the only trigger for contributing works.	4
Scientometric results support the hypothesis that a knowledge management model increased research collaboration and thereby boosted a university's number of publications and citations.	1
We find the similarity score of the relevant terms between abstract collection and full-text collection is increasing until reaching a point with adding more papers.	4
Subsequently semi-structured research interviews were conducted with key academics who contributed to the relevant case studies.	3
The present study demonstrated that knowledge of English is not the key factor for the publication success of graduate students.	5
The top 20 Spanish-language universities became our sample representing Latin America.	2
Specifically the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient is used (Pagano, 2001).	3
Comparison of the output growth of the Hubrecht Institute with Web of science data on its two main subjects, shows that the Institute follows the international growth path (Fig.	4
Study 1 (German sample) and Study 2 (U.S.	3
Regarding the migration rate, we observe that all countries retain more graduates than those who emigrate.	4
As these requests evolved in complexity due to the nature of organizational and scientific research impact demands, library staff recognized an opportunity to expand the library's offerings to form two distinct services with product deliverables.	1
It expounds the idea of designing the CSSCI system, and its major functions and features in particular.	1
Citation count dating before and one year after the appearance of retraction notice were recorded.	3
The dependent variable (Vid=0, 1) accounts for the absence or presence of video abstracts.	3
The survey was sent by e-mail to 2,971 employees at UiT – The Arctic University of Norway.	2
However, it is only a small number of German academics who disperse their contributions among journals with comparable topical orientations.	5
Extract the residuals as the differences between the observed and fitted values for Eq.	0
In our study, we defined the "publication time” as the number of days from submission to decision.	3
Notably, the results confirm that the establishment of a strong tie relationship contributes to above-average productivity and citation frequency, thus identifying these partnerships as a significant factor in the scientific development of a country/ region.	5
The USA took an overwhelmingly leading position in the number of HCPs (232, 53.33%), followed closely by Australia (#HCPs=144, 33.10%), England (#HCPs=127, 29.20%) and Canada (#HCPs=90, 21.38%), manifesting their high productivity and strong influence as a traditional scientific powerhouse in this field.	4
We used a snowball method to gather relevant literature starting from Sivertsen's (2018) extended explanation and retrospective of the Norwegian and other related models.	3
Thus, we further examined whether establishing international collaborations for Chilean animal behavioralists enhances the careers of women and men scholars differently.	1
Finally, a comparison between the two regressions (publications and citations) shows that the prediction of (22) is also confirmed: a test of equality of the fitted co- efficient on publications (0.892) and of the fitted coefficient on citations (0.868) does not allow the equality hypothesis to be rejected at the conventional level (p-value of 0.598).	4
Using deviation normalisation, all original indicators data of academic journals' discourse power are processed.	3
In this position paper, we comment on various approaches to the delineation of scientific fields or domains, a typical prerequisite for a wide class of bibliometric studies.	1
Therefore, the our proposed method has better discrimination performance than the single bibliometric indicators.	4
A series of exploratory factor analyses (EFA) were conducted to evaluate the construct validities and reliabilities of the scales S1, S2, and S3 (see Table 2).	3
Briefly, Thompson Reuters' Web of Science is used to produce a citation report for a unique search parameter (this may be an author, journal article, or topical key word).	3
The InCites tool delivered the following indicators by year for each field (the definition of the indicators can be found in: Clarivate Analytics, 2018)1	3
The findings suggest that foreign-born postdocs were more likely to be employed in prestigious departments than U.S.-born postdocs, with the odds being 1.81 times greater than in acceptable programs.	4
It is observed that Science, Technology and Medicine were major knowledge bases for HSS over the whole period, while citing Agriculture seems least frequent.	4
Using a large-scale survey of UK business academics, we assess the extent to which individuals use the Academic Journal Guide (AJG/ABS) list in their day-to-day professional activities.	1
Correlation analyses revealed strong associations of the Hirsch index, I-10 index, number of publications, and number of citations with academic rank (r = 0.62 to 0.64; p < 0.001).	4
We find evidence that a series of leadership, peer, programmatic, and university characteristics are associated with grant funding outcomes.	4
This study did not entail human subjects research and thus did not require institutional review board approval.	0
Performance analysis and scientific mapping in bibliometrics are used to assess the presence and structure of scientific publications.	5
In this study, the scientometric approach is adopted to investigate three main research issues within KMRP during the review timeframe:	3
The 2012 call for funding of ISCIII's health research fund (FIS) was selected, and a search was made for articles published between 2012 and 2014 on the basis of projects financed by this call for funding, covering the main collection of the Web of Science (WoS) and using the search term “PI12/*” applied to the Grant Number (FG) and Funding Text (FT) fields.	2
Following a comprehensive literature review and insightful feedback from experienced researchers, a structured questionnaire was designed to investigate the familiarity, and usage of traditional metrics and altmetrics using Qualtrics.	3
This study aims to find answers to the following questions: What was the yearly publication and citation structure of the IJCIM since its creation?	1
An internet search (www.google.com) was then performed for each training program in order to compile a list of faculty members and fellows.	0
The second distance measure is defined according to the membership of MeSH within knowledge clusters, which we ascertain by applying network clustering methods to empirical MeSH-MeSH co-occurrence matrices.	3
1 Division of Plastic Surgery, Department of Surgery, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, Minnesota.	0
Most articles were in Q2 journals, accounting for 47.82%.	4
No other use, including posting to another Internet site, is permitted without permission from the copyright owner (not AgEcon Search), or as allowed under the provisions of Fair Use, U.S.	0
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have influenced the work reported in this paper.	0
SL performances of the top 20 firms in the C&C field.	0
Between 2010 to 2012, scholars focused on the network effects of the platform and the two-sided markets.	4
Such tools are usually no proof of plagiarism and can only gauge the similarity of each pair of codes, leaving the decision about plagiarism to the human user.	0
Bibliographic data on 543 UZSM papers published in 2014 were collected using PubMed advanced search strategies and manual data collection methods.	2
*Corresponding Author: Asghar Ebadifar, DDS, MSd; Dentofacial Deformities Research Center, Department of Orthodontics, Dental School, Shahid Beheshti University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, Iran.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Recently, a metric named Flow Vergence (FV) gradient is proposed to detect paradigm shift pivots in scientific literature using the property named as FV effect.	1
We identified 29 radiology journals based on impact factor ranking.	2
* Corresponding author at: Faculty of Humanities/Information Studies, University of Oulu, P.O.	0
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
Also, all the results are consistent with the ideas behind the "research guarantor approach", and thus also imply a certain validation of that approach.	5
In doing so, it sets out to fill a long-felt gap in the state of knowledge concerning the practices characterizing ECRs' tackling this crucial aspect of their initiation into the profession.	1
They were analyzed using qualitative content analysis (Gl?ser and Laudel 2013) and then coded and managed using N-VIVO software for qualitative data analysis.	3
The terms used in the search strategy were Title = ("digoxin OR “digitalis” OR “lanoxin*") AND Title/ Abstract = ('*toxic*' OR 'poison*' OR 'overdos*' OR 'antidote' OR 'digoxin-specific Fab' OR ('Digoxin immune fab')).	2
We would like to thank the reviewers and the editor for their thoughtful comments and efforts towards improving our manuscript.	0
In this study, we introduce a bibliometric study of GIT and technology sustainability in order to provide an overview of the past, present, and future trends of these research topics, which may help promote future research in the field and propose alternatives to the conventional economic growth paradigm (Gabor, Maria, & Tamas, 2018).	1
In this study, we simulated co-word networks based on the process of composing scientific papers.	3
In the remainder of the article, we report Monte Carlo results for each field and inequality measure and explore what happens when real-world citation data from each of the four broad disciplines are adjusted for marginals bias.	0
The most important empirical finding is that there is a significant gender gap in research evaluation.	4
The most productive institutions are the Cambodian Ministry of Health and the Cambodian National Center for Parasitology.	4
(2) Who are the prior recipients of public subsidies?	1
STICCI.eu is able to do conversions between bibliographical citation formats (WoS, Scopus, CSV, Bib-Tex, RIS), correct the usual mistakes appearing in those databases, detect duplications, misspellings, etc., identify and transform the full or abbreviated titles of the journals, homogenize toponymical names of countries and relevant cities or regions and list the processed data in terms of the most cited authors, journals, references, etc.	3
We maintain that the idea of including citizen scientists as authors is supported by at least two arguments: transparency and fairness.	1
Keywords: Bibliometrics, publication count, citation count, Library and Information Science, subject area, South Korea	0
Western Journal of Emergency Medicine: Integrating Emergency Care with Population Health	0
Secondly, in terms of spillovers, there seems to be a negative spillover in R&D capital expenditure.	5
The university systems with the highest activity volume belong to the autonomous communities of Catalonia and Madrid, followed by Andalusia and Valencia (table 1).	4
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
Prior to our regression analyses, we z-standardized our variables.	3
The authors received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Data are shown in Table 1; publication data are rounded numbers.	0
Between 2002 and 2021 the ranking of the top journals in this category based on the IF has completely changed, as shown in Table 1.	4
By analysing 503 articles published in KMRP between 2006 and 2019, this study aims to provide a better understanding of the journal's research trends and thematic development.	5
This article investigates the trends in OAIRs at university libraries in Ghana and recommend strategies to enhance future prospects for improved its use.	1
We choose a typical interdisciplinary research field, i.e.	1
Our analysis is based on data about computer scientists using Twitter [42, 58].	2
A survey was conducted to address the overall objective and answer the research questions pose.	3
To rule out statistical significance as a result of pure chance (Young, 2019), we additionally perform a Fisher permutation test (“random inference”).	3
Based on the interviews, a theoretical model was developed describing the central phenomenon of authorship in undergraduate research partnerships at a research university (see Fig.	3
The study is based on the bibliometric analysis of the data collected from two leading indexing and abstracting databases-Thomson Reuter's Web of Science and Elsevier's SciVerse Scopus.	2
Keywords Latin America · Theoretical high energy physics · Bibliometrics · Socioeconomic indicators	0
This study specifically investigates the representation of female scholars in gender-focused literature, assessing their roles as primary and corresponding authors, and explores the citation gap between male and female first authors to identify potential systemic biases.	1
There are three general criteria that must be satisfied for the granting of a patent: novelty, usefulness, and nonob- viousness.	0
Subfield: 1-Computer systems and high-performance computing; 2—Computer networks; 3—Network and information security; 4-Software engineering/software/pro- gramming language; 5-Databases, data mining, and content retrieval; 6—Theoretical computer science; 7—Computer graphics and multimedia; 8—Artificial intelligence and pattern recognition; 9-Human-computer interaction and ubiquitous computing	0
Empirical data show that the test is successful in identifying high levels of self-citations and that test values of 0.35 or more are contenders for further analysis.	5
The construction of topic affinity networks is a method to map and visualize the internal structure of a solution.	3
We also calculated the growth rate using the slope of the regression (b) between years and the number of documents per each region separately, which allowed us to check for temporal trends.	3
Funding: This study is part of the project "Open science in Spain: A global approach to assess its degree of implementation" (RTI2018-094360-B- I00) financed by the State Plan for Scientific and Technical Research and Innovation, of the Ministry of Science, Innovation and Universities of Spain.	0
CONTACT Nathan Efron n.efron@qut.edu.au School of Optometry and Vision Science, Queensland University of Technology, Kelvin Grove, Australia	0
Three detected modules resembled those of the Google News search: patients and providers ('mother', 'child', 'care', 'health'), industry considerations ('trial', 'efficacy', 'effectiveness', 'antidepressant', 'drug'), and academic considerations ('mechanism', 'receptor', 'brain', 'cortisol', 'exposure').	4
In Italy, the MUR maintains a database of university personnel, providing detailed information on each professor, including name, gender, affiliation, field classification, and academic rank at the end of each year.	2
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
We propose also as a reasonable and user-friendly model that the possible changes in the position of a given journal n in the list follows a Gaussian-type distribution localized in the domain [0, Nmax] and with center in n.	3
The Rxivist application is made of 2 pieces: an application programming interface (API) that provides preprint data in JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) format, and a Python-based website that uses this data to build lists of preprints that conform to a user’s search parameters.	2
There are disciplinary differences in the results, with first author productivity surprisingly tending to be a disadvantage in the physical sciences and life sciences, at least in the sense of associating with lower impact journals.	4
In 1922 the majority of authors had an MD degree (92%); this declined to <30% by 2017, while the percentage of authors with a PhD grew from about 10% to about 50%.	4
This means that JBUON is now a truly international scientific journal.	5
The Mean Normalised Log Citation Score (MNLCS) (Thelwall, 2017ab) was chosen in preference to the more standard Mean Normalised Citation Score (MNCS) (Waltman, van Eck, van Leeuwen, Visser, and van Raan, 2011) to avoid being unduly influenced by individual highly cited articles.	3
These results suggest that academic craniofacial surgeons may have fundamentally different research pursuits and successes relative to their parent specialties and, for promotion decisions, should merit consideration that is perhaps distinct.	5
Our research focused on how ghostwriting sites legitimize their services across diverse cultures and linguistic contexts while navigating the stigma associated with academic ghostwriting.	1
The interviews indicate that the journal referees do not only check a proof for correctness, but also for “checkability” by the relevant experts.	4
In JUFO classification (Publication Forum, 2021), domestic and foreign peer-reviewed publication channels (journals and book publishers) are classified according to four levels (1=basic, 2=leading, 3=top, 0=other) by Finnish experts in the field (Auranen & P?l?nen, 2012; P?l?nen, 2018).	3
The results provide the most updated publication characteristics and hot topics of highly cited papers in sport sciences and offer insights for academic researchers in future research.	5
This very common pattern of mentioning sources in the main text of articles and the numerous cases of dubious citation practice were not expected at the beginning of this part of the project, and thus they prompt speculation and theorising about the citing behaviour of practitioners in a field such as LIS.	0
I am also grateful to Tim Worrall for information regarding the construction of the Keele list.	0
The paper calls on African governments, researchers and librarians to deploy sustainable mechanisms to increase global visibility of African research findings using open access platforms.	5
Another significant contribution of this paper is to establish initial evidence about the status of the DSM as a boundary object.	5
We identified two graphs, one representing only PhD researchers (abbreviated as PhD) obtained from the curriculum vitae of PhDs (n = 271,330) and the other representing Master's and PhDs (abbreviated as MSc & PhD), obtained from the curriculum vitae of Master's and PhDs (n = 737,919).	4
It was still strong, but less so, between subfield of hiring and the subfield of highly cited articles.	4
It is shown that the first list of countries with the maximum increase in the number of ISSN records for 2014 through 2021 included exclusively developing countries, and the second list (1991–1998) included mainly developed countries.	4
We present evidence of how researchers from developing countries are represented in three areas of research: conference presentations, articles in journals, and citations.	1
For (3), narrative CVs allow for evidence-based arguments for virtues.	4
The specific aims were to: (1) determine the percentage of the top 200 science journals ranked by impact factor that have a retraction policy; (2) analyze the content of journal retraction policies; and (3) ascertain whether having a retraction policy is associated with impact factor, scientific discipline, or status as a review journal.	1
An iterative program was written to find the maximum likelihood fit to the citation model described.	0
The data are weighted according to socio-demographic variables (gender, age, level of education, social class, habitat size and geographical area) to analyse whether there are statistically significant differences using the chi-squared test.	3
Received: 8 January 2024 / Accepted: 4 July 2024 / Published online: 22 July 2024	0
The similarity score is calculated using a cosine similarity after performing standard preprocessing techniques.	3
USA led all countries in published articles (36,87%), followed by UK (20,62%) and South Korea (5,83%).	4
We applied social network analysis tools to analyze how individual interdisciplinarity influences collective interdisciplinarity, using the case of a forest sustainability science group.	1
Of the 24 works in Table 1, only nine are by Social Policy writers.	4
In both fields, the number of maternal mortality publications has increased at a much higher rate than the overall number of publications in the field.	4
Therefore, our measure of division of labor shows the share of tasks that were performed by only one member (see Eq.	3
In this case, the dominance index is a measure of an author's standing or prominence among his co-authors based on the ranking or position in the ascription of all the co-authored papers.	3
The most productive journals are the Journal of Small Business Management (JSBM) and the International Journal of Gender and Entrepreneurship (JGE).	4
Babcock, oceanography, Louisiana State University and Agricultural and Mechanical College; Ralph S.	0
This bibliometric analysis describes the international publication activity in general surgery over an interval of 10 years.	5
In addition to the PCA, we performed a FA to analyze the metrics.	3
El objetivo de esta artículo radica en extraer las temáticas de investigación de los resúmenes y datos bibliográficos de los artículos indexados en la base de datos Scopus y que tienen como objeto de estudio al departamento del Chocó (Colombia).	1
Reviewing the full Political Science 400 dataset, we found that the plurality cohort is now 1975–1979, as compared to the plurality cohort of 1970–1974 in the MGF study.	4
A continuous increase in the impact indices following adjustment for Greek (mean annual increase 0.27 ± 0.30 before to 0.37 ± 0.62 during the crisis, p = 0.58) and global productivity (mean annual increase from 0.0024 ± 0.0018 to 0.0007 ± 0.004, p = 0.95) was observed throughout the study period.	4
The literature on technology foresight is collected from the database of the Web of Science (WOS?).	2
Importantly, the distribution of the degrees of (mis)use between these two groups were almost identical (see Figure 2), indicating BP citation practices are largely independent of first author and represent a more widespread issue in the field.	4
When calculated as a percentage of the whole body of citing articles examined, adjusting for the percentage of those excluded by our filter, we found 4.4 % of citing articles to be Central.	4
Based on these requirements, we selected the dataset of the Journal of Universal Computer Science (J.	2
The estimations show that all author and article characteristics included in the model, except GE, influence the citation counts (CI) in the hypothesised directions.	4
Multivariate ordinal regression demonstrated that only h-index was independently associated with tier of matriculation (p = 0.043).	4
Invariably, our results highlighted that junior researchers who get the opportunity to coauthor at least one paper with a top scientist in the first few years of their career achieve a persistent competitive advantage with respect to their peers who do not get such an opportunity.	5
I proposed a definition and theoretical positioning of research quality that appear to align with previous ideas, ground the concept in social theory, and link it to the knowledge production processes of scientific communities.	5
Our dataset results from the application of a publication-level algorithmic methodology to 9,446,622 distinct articles published in 2003–2012.	2
From the results obtained in the evaluation stage, according to Table 3, the node embedding approach was the best in terms of accuracy, as well as being more successful in grouping researchers from research lines 2 and 3.	4
Remaining responses were coded inductively to identify additional themes.	3
The search query we used is TI = (((3D) or (Three-dimension*) or (3- dimension*)) and (print*)) or TI = (( ‘Rapid prototyping') or (‘Additive manufactur*')).	2
Nevertheless, our analysis of the colors of the .yu domain, as it was archived by the Internet Archive, shows that color plays a non-arbitrary role as a characterizing element of a national Web domain.	5
The three centers will be described and compared in relation to four dimensions built from the literature systematization and from the empirical data, namely: (1) context of creation, (2) conception of interdisciplinarity, (3) integration into preexisting university structures and (4) internal organization and planning.	3
Let us begin with a definition: 'A scholarly book review is defined as a book review published in a disciplinary journal or a general academic journal, written by a member of the academic profession.'8	0
Following the query in WoS, 1139 articles have been extracted, reflecting a considerable effort in research and publication in the fields of cybernetics and related economics with mathematical modelling, operations research, mathematical programming, artificial intelligence, and others.	4
When selecting our sample, we took those journals included in the 'Hospitality, Leisure, Sport & Tourism' category, and eliminated those linked to sport.	2
The author obtained the names of all the lecturers in the schools or departments of library and information science from their university web sites.	2
Our search identified 5661 CERN-affiliated publications (henceforth, CERN articles) published between 2011 and 2015 and a total of 97,082 citations accrued by those articles.	2
We follow a game-theoretical approach that is based on the well-established “rent-seeking" literature on group contests (Nitzan 1991; Kolmar 2013; Flamand and Troumpounis 2015).	3
For each paper, we also show its citation count in the parentheses.	0
The Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam, Kerala, stands out in the Indian list with a stellar performance in polymer science (subject score of 53.1 and a subject rank of 72).	4
To retrieve a broad set of results, articles were retrieved via Altmetric Explorer in August 2014.	2
We further find that the contributions of interdisciplinary and atypical knowledge combinations to addressing emerging technological topics increase or stay constant over time.	4
The used metrics in this stage are betweenness centrality, closeness centrality, clustering coefficient, degree centrality, eccentricity, eigenvector centrality, and number of cliques.	3
How many documents are indexed by WoS and Scopus by language and research area?	1
We hope that these findings may be of use to scholars in the biosensors field.	5
If this is correct, female researchers more often than male researchers are caught in this vicious cycle, which may explain the persistence of the glass ceiling.	5
For the purpose of this paper, comments with relevance to resolution of problematic research collaborations were extracted, coded, and analyzed.	3
The aforementioned methods are compared in Table 6 as summarisation results on the Recall-Oriented Understudy for Gisting Evaluation (ROUGE) metric.	3
A more fine-grained analysis (i.e., RCA) of 27 major thematic areas shows that, in terms of both publications and impact, both territories are losing their competitive edge and the advantages that set them apart from other research systems and make them attractive as poles of research excellence.	5
At the early-career stage, three archetypes are obtained, with a clear difference on PE between Leader and Specialized.	4
design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
Scopus was used to obtain scholarly publications for each graduate, in a search done in April-June 2018.	2
Author Contributions: This article was originally conceived and designed by L.J.	0
For data analysis, a structural equation modelling (SEM) approach was employed, formulated through the application of Warp PLS 8.0 software.	3
The majority of the 126 books (86 percent) citing Societies Without Borders content were published by well-established, highly regarded academic and research publishers whose publications are themselves highly cited (based on citation counts in Google Scholar; see Appendix B).	4
The effect is especially pronounced in three, rather than two, author papers, suggesting that burying a famous author in the “et al” reduces citations the most.	4
Ocular oncology (n = 37, 24.5%) was the most frequently represented subspeciality in the retracted articles, despite retina and uveitis being the most published.	4
I will do that by framing the problem within the inferentialist approach to scientific knowledge I have been elaborating in a series of other papers (Sect.	3
This study proposes an approach to investigating knowledge integration relationships between two research fields from a perspective of hierarchy.	1
Journal of Vascular Surgery publications made up 24.0% (12.7% in Europe and 45.0% in the US).	4
Computed tomography (CT) scans were obtained for all patients who underwent scans for trauma indications at the University of Michigan starting from April 1998.	2
In total, we received 3506 completed responses to our survey.	2
Some of the topic areas did not appear or only rarely appeared in these three journals, producing the graphical voids seen, for example, in the human resources column (a topic that was covered exclusively in the Journal of the American College of Radiology).	0
The sample included participants from numerous countries, of which the most represented were the United States (n = 394; 20.94%), Italy (n=130; 6.91%), Spain (n=119; 6.32%), the United Kingdom (n=119; 6.32%), and Canada (n=97; 5.15%).	2
The quartile-based ranking analysis of the zoology journals included in Sample 1 showed little variation on a per-year basis.	4
The primary outcome was defined as probability of publishing within 120 days since the deposition of the first preprint version.	3
Professional associations of scientists focus on the representation of interests of science and engineering professionals and can be either disciplinary (e.g.	4
The investigation focuses on the fields of physics and chemistry.	1
Finally, some statistical analyses were applied by means of SPSS (IBM Corp. v.23): comparison of column means (t test) with the Bonferroni correction, pairwise correlations and a Decision Tree (CRT).	3
It is also shown that the length of a paper is correlated with citation rate.	4
Approximately one third of ObGyn residents who rotated through our obstetric department published their mandatory research project.	5
The categorization of author profile as practitioner or academic was made on the basis of the position the author held.	3
The remaining 1,253 records were used for the analysis of social sciences.	2
The majority of authors are mainly from universities in western countries; however, numerous productive authors are from Hong Kong Polytechnic University, which is a potential forerunner of SCM research.	0
They represent the second most rapidly growing sector of the health care industry.	0
Thus, we would like to describe in detail here only two of them.	0
Funding The authors have not declared a specific grant for this research from any funding agency in the public, commercial or not-for-profit sectors.	0
Stephan acknowledges support from the International Centre for Economic Research, Turin, Italy.	0
Funding: This research was funded by the German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action as part of the project “Low Carbon Leakage” (project numbers 03EI1024A and 03EI1024B).	0
For the purpose of simplifying, we use cm instead of Ctm).	0
The models are applied through a new hierarchical bayesian estimation procedure for logistic regression to highly-cited papers in the Management Information Systems (MIS) field.	1
The research questions in this study address how to rank journals from the perspective of technological value and how to conduct journal ranking in a more diversified and comprehensive manner.	1
This paper uses a Bayesian hierarchical latent trait model, and data from eight different university ranking systems, to measure university quality.	1
We adopted the gravity model to unveil the influence of several dimensions on IRC.	3
The most important procedures of cleaning and data treatment are done by the harvester system used by BDTD, that is, the LA Referencia Software, later on indexed on the Apache-Solr server and exposed via its API.	3
2; the 'keyword plus' terms were not considered for the analysis.	2
The network density was 0.3892, i.e., 38.92% of all the potential relationships in the network have been actualized.	4
The article describes the current state and trends in the development of the research landscape and international collaboration of the BRICS countries, changes in the thematic structures of their publication activity, and the relative influence of scientific partners.	5
A nonsystematic set of fields was chosen to cover a wide variety of areas: 25 Scopus narrow fields, out of the 331 non-empty narrow fields in Scopus (www.elsevier.com/solutions/scopus/how-scopus-works/content).	2
The method could be adapted to investigate the progress of women in research in many other countries, and the role played by non-national researchers in their scientific output.	5
The predominant publisher type for the NIH grant applications came from society and association publications, representing 21% of the total journal article sample.	4
Garfield (1990) observed the similar skewness for the Science Citation Index (he found 21/83 proportion).	4
To examine temporal patterns, we split the data into nine five-year snapshots.	2
Finally, the Dagum distribution is preferred for data in Neurosciences.	4
In conclusion, the vast majority of the uncited database records of highly visible scientists can be explained by the inclusion of editorial material, progress reports presented at international meetings (e.g., meeting abstracts), discussion items (e.g., letters to the editor, discussion), personalia (e.g., biographic items), and by the errors of omission and commission of the WoS database and of the citing documents themselves.	5
The result of the study shows that sources are cited as long as they are still relevant to the research being conducted.	5
The first issue that needs to be addressed is the finding of the quantitative analysis, which suggests, at first glance, that panelists are biased toward female candidates.	5
These results suggest that one explanation for the increase in retractions, and the perceived increase in pathologies in science more generally, may be that it is a side effect of increasing bureaucratization of scientific work, as well as increases in high-stakes reward systems and a globalization of science to contexts where the norms of good scientific practices may be weaker.	5
1 A paper in biology is more likely to be cited by one in biology or clinical medicine than by one in architecture.	0
Acknowledgments: The authors are grateful to Raluca Danut for her support in formatting the manuscript.	0
Excluded: CNR authors not identified by gender (n = 1.065) CNR duplicated authors (n = 4.653)	0
In addition, the paper goes ahead to characterize male and female authored papers, identifying differences in citation impact and international collaboration patterns.	1
Consent to publish: Not available due to all data downloaded from PubMed.	0
This bibliometric analysis reveals the progress and trend of research in the field of regenerative endodontics.	5
The authors would also like to thank Esther Germann for proofreading.	0
Using a scale- and size- independent statistical technique, the Characteristic Scores and Scale (CSS hereafter) first introduced by Schubert, Gl?nzel, and Braun (1987), as well as the robust index of skewness suggested by Groeneveld and Meeden (1984) we find that country citation distributions are highly skewed.	3
In this article, we ask the question whether an article gets cited more often if it is also available as a working paper or not.	1
What is a statistically significant difference between category (W, X and Y) of the journals and readiness for OA?	1
We followed a two-day workshop organised by three scientists from the institute: the scientific director of a department focusing on terrestrial ecosystems from ecological and social scientific standpoints, and the scientific directors of the research units working on terrestrial and aquatic ecosystems.	2
The three dependent variables and the control variables were used to develop six ordinary least squares (OLS) regression models analyzing the degree to which universities’ corporate science fields predict grant and contract success with regard to various research revenue streams at two points in time, 1997 and 2005.	3
The scholarly productivity of the most senior grant recipient was examined, both directly from NIAA research grant funding and overall.	3
We hypothesized that international organizations with coleaders tend to publish more impactful papers than organizations without coleaders.	1
Nonetheless, all choices were based on the principle of double-blind peer review and were made by the editors after a strict verification process.	3
To get a sense of the state of bibliometric activities at university libraries, a survey was posted to the Metrics mailing list.	3
There was an increase in the number of publications after 2014.	4
As per Scopus, the IJLM published 719 documents between 1990 and 2019.	2
[16], there are four key phases to follow for carrying out the identification procedure of HCPs of a research area applying the H-Classics concept:	3
The results from this evaluation show that the ESI policy stabilized the trend of declining success rates for newly emergent investigators, with up to a 12-percentage point increase in the probability of funding.	4
using the co-word map of knowledge organization, policymakers can plan appropriately through the knowledge of the research and thematic status of knowledge organization.	5
Nevertheless, scholars should consider SlideShare to be a potential source of academic and nonacademic information, particularly in library and information science, education, and business.	5
The proposed methodology of the study is presented in Section 3.	0
Due to the nature of full-text quantitative analysis, 17 papers with missing abstracts and full-text content were excluded from the analysis, resulting in a final sample of 25,351 articles.	2
Received 31 Aug 2016 | Accepted 3 Jul 2017 | Published 15 Aug 2017	0
We downloaded the publication portfolio of the surveyed individuals using Scopus.	2
Because KISTI is JISTaP's sole source of financial support, the journal's budget is tied tightly to the institute's.	5
The argument for treating LIS as a unified field can be supported by the similarities between iSchool and non-iSchool programs manifested in the common history, presence of Library and Information areas and interdisciplinary foci in tackling information problems; as well as complementarity of the iSchools interdisciplinarity and L-Schools connection to the more traditional disciplinary problems.	5
The biggest limitation of our study is the use of only a single Scopus database for collecting data.	5
To investigate the dynamics of indexing the Journal of the Balkan Union of Oncology (JBUON) in important biomedical databases, the effects on the quantity and type of published articles, and also the countries of the (co) authors of these papers.	1
The authors discuss how organizational characteristics of review can decouple reviewers' judgments from impact.	1
The r value between the four research indicators and the numbers for e-journal use are highlighted in italics	0
Conflict of interests The authors declare they have no financial interests.	0
Results show that awareness (r = .294, p > .05) is not significantly related to rate of adoption of e-journals among Malaysian journal publishers (Table 2).	4
We thus define the technology relevance index by replacing, in the above expression, citations from scientific papers with citations from patents.	3
The aim of the study was to examine if instructions for authors of journals indexed in the "Medical Laboratory Technology" subject category of the Thompson Reuters Journal Citation Reports (JCR) 2013 are written in accordance with the latest recommendations.	1
The percentage of OREF resident grant recipients selecting an academic career was compared with the percentage of academic orthopedic surgeons in the United States via a x2 test.	3
The EU has increased its comparative advantage in the majority of research areas in the field of Science and in almost all research areas in Social Sciences and Arts and Humanities in the last two decades.	4
International collaboration has increased more than 5 points, from 15.2% in 2009 to 20.7% in 2018.	4
Scite to retrieve the number of contradicting citations,	3
In case of TLT which follows a delayed open access policy, we observed that average downloads after open access increases marginally for 2 months, and then it declines and continues to progress more or less in a consistent manner for 2 years.	4
In which academic fields did the prevalence of interviews, case studies, focus groups and ethnography change between 1996 and 2019?	1
Figure 7: Times cited distributions of 12,706 and 5,874 books in the Book Citation Indices SSH and Science edition, respectively (on April 2, 2012).	0
To perform this analysis, two samples of journals included in Journal Citation Reports (JCR) were studied.	2
Data on Italian academics in the observed period are extracted from the official database maintained by the MIUR1.	2
This is more common compared with the first situation of publication title error.	0
In order to improve data accuracy, this study uses a weighted average method to calculate the index time (month) in data analysis, with the following formula:	3
The authors declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and publication of this article.	0
An initial exploration showed that research output and the disease burden were significantly associated in regions with a high number of dengue cases.	5
In order to fully understand the historical progress and current situation of SVM researches, as well as its future development trend in China, this paper conducts a comprehensive bibliometric study based on the publications from web of science database by Chinese scholars in this field.	1
Electronic format provides a convenient method of accessing journal articles, mostly through the Libraries' subscriptions to bundled journal packages.	5
On the basis of this result, we propose that the emerging organisations phenomenon is a broader concept that combines key elements of venture creation, touches upon mechanisms of nascency that have an impact at the societal level of venture creation, the firm's performance, the technological and innovation aspects, and the financial elements.	5
Problem Statement To find the best set of parameters suitable for h-index prediction for the scientists from all career ages and without enforcing any constraint on their current h-index values for the field of Computer Science.	1
Keywords: multilingual publishing; scientific communication; language policy; academic multilingualism; bibliometrics; quantitative analysis.	0
Conceptual impact was consistently reported across all 30 projects.	4
We see that the chemists publish 6.42 times more publications than economists in Turkey.	4
Female authors achieved a higher impact factor in their publications (5.1 ± 0.2 vs 4.4 ± 0.1, p = 0.0003) and were more often listed on papers in highly ranked journals (impact factor ≥5) than males.	4
Using Journal Selector (Sylogent, Newtown, Pennsylvania, USA), we identified medical journals with a 2015 impact factor of at least 15.0 (accurate on 24 May 2017).	2
As shown in Table III, there is a high significant difference between the h-index of OA and non-OA H&M journals in Africa (t = 13.67, p < 0.05).	4
The names of the MD graduates were matched to their publications indexed in the Centre for Science and Technologies Studies in-house version of the Web of Science database (database version complete up until week 13 of 2017).	2
The results indicate that 124 articles on institutional repositories were authored by 223 individuals.	4
The United States has the most reviewers (1012, 18.3%) at 2.3 times that of second-ranked Italy (440, 7.9%).	4
We also investigate two metrics after the working paper has become available, namely the number of citations and downloads of the working papers.	1
Address: School of Public Policy, Georgia Institute of Technology, 685 Cherry Street, Atlanta, GA 30332-0345, USA	0
In this work, we use the number of citations as a proxy for quality, but find the results are also robust to using citation rates instead (S1 Supporting Information).	3
The paper proposes an integrated multiple criteria approach for ranking journals.	1
Enumeration of the most influential countries, institutes, authors, and publications in PG research.	1
SciELO includes open scientific journals published mostly in Latin America/the Caribbean, from which 10 % are also indexed by Thomson Reuters Web of Knowledge Journal of Citation Reports (JCR).	2
This analysis focuses on the competitiveness of Hong Kong and Singapore in the knowledge race by assessing their publication output (publications) and outcomes (citations), along with other relevant indicators, to better understand the working dynamics and characteristics of their research systems.	1
The selection using C0 neglects most of the publications of more recent periods, whereas the use of C1 neglects papers published in older periods.	4
The objective of this study was to explore the costs of publication in 53 neurosurgical journals based on the available information on their websites and further information obtained by contacting the journals.	1
Keywords: Information retrieval; Knowledge translation; Journalology; Journal impact factor; McMaster PLUS database; DynaMed plus	0
In order to investigate relationships between the main features of articles with FFa scores and citations, we used the non-parametric Mann-Whitney U-test since citations and FFa scores were skewed for the sample of data.	3
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at UNIV OF MASSACHUSETTS on April 3, 2015	0
Each edge represents an instance of co-authorship between the two individuals and the size of the node represents the number of publications by that author.	0
The development trends of the citation curves of ERTs and their knowledge bases in different time periods are compared and analysed from two dimensions: knowledge transition and continuous growth.	3
And, in addition, despite similar patterns in publication, collaboration, and citation behaviour of Eastern European countries, there is a visible East-West divide in this region with respect to the citations per paper in the individual computer science categories, with the western part nations' papers being generally more frequently cited.	5
To collect comprehensive data regarding these publications, we used four overlapping sources.	2
The extent of performance will be measured using MrnIF of 2,659 SCI papers from the GRL and BRL programmes published from 2009 to 2014.	2
“Literature review” introduces the work related to citation polarity and paper quality evaluation;	0
This article developed a bibliometric overview of climate change research to address two main limitations of existing analyses of this kind in an integrated fashion.	5
Building on earlier evidence, and based on a very highly thematically specific group of journals, namely of sport sciences, the most striking conclusion is that there is the possibility that 47 (i.e., 37.9%) of the 124 most highly ranked journals – at least according to SJR – are being misclassified as SPJs, when they are likely NJs, i.e., the AJPC System is not, based on this evidence, and in our opinion, a reliable tool to assist sport scientists in differentiating scholarly from unscholarly journals.	5
The benefits of cross-disciplinary research are widely acknowledged in a variety of disciplines, linking it with innovation, creative problem-solving, new meanings and the ability to advance knowledge with intellectual breakthroughs (Aboelela et al., 2007; Carayol & Thi, 2005; Choi & Pak, 2006; Morillo et al., 2003; Rafols et al., 2012).	5
1 Behavioral Science Department, Zefat Academic College, 11 Jerusalem St., Zefat, Israel	0
En este campo se agregaron las palabras ?Chocó AND Colombia?	2
FRESA uses web information sources and applies similarity measures, text mining techniques, and clustering algorithms to also rank and group the researchers.	2
It reports on a comprehensive focus group study with 30 focus group interviews carried out in eight different countries across Europe focusing on the following research question: "Which Rl topics would researchers and stakeholders from the four main areas of research (humanities, social science, natural science incl.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 62(2):236–245, 2011	0
We study the consequences of alphabetical author order in economics for job placements of economists, based on a context that enables a clean identification.	1
AAS metrics were collected with the Altmetric Score Calculator Bookmarklet.	3
The findings reveal that publication and citation impact of LIS research in sub-Saharan Africa has continued to grow since 1995; foreign countries have immensely contributed to the evolution and development of LIS research in the region; research collaboration occurs both regionally and internationally, with the latter being the most prominent; South Africa, Nigeria and Kenya are the most active participants in LIS research collaboration in the region; and that on average, international collaboration in LIS research in sub-Saharan Africa attracts more citations than other types of collaboration.	4
#Some respondents did not include date of birth; one to three values missing in mean calculation.	0
First, community dynamics enable mapping the field through the forming and splitting events.	5
This study adopted an evaluative informetrics approach to examine OA health and medical (H&M) journals found in the African Journals Online (AJOL) database.	2
The effects are particularly meaningful for the first paper listed, with a 33% increase in views, a 29% increase in downloads, and a 27% increase in citations from being listed first.	4
With 327 publications, the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) has financed most of the 1,865 articles examined in this study.	4
To avoid the common issue of discrepancies in indicator values, we can standardize the indicators by applying z-transformations to generate z-scores [32].	3
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
A greater presence of journal committee members as authors of the papers in monographic special issues was also observed, and the number of authors per paper was lower compared to articles published in non-monographs.	4
This paper proposed an approach to compare and visualize the scientific output of researchers in FC that takes into account the complete citation profiles.	5
(2) More published articles per year could help a forestry journal rank in the top 50%.	4
In this case, articles were assigned using the corresponding fractions ([1/2], [1/3], etc, according to the number of participating institutions).	0
The level of analysis was national, with the scientific output of 108 countries being analysed.	1
Then, the results of the previous section are reported and discussed in the “Results and discussion” section.	0
This paper presents a general bibliometric overview of the most influential research in business & economics according to the information found in the Web of Science.	1
This journal has received an impressive 8702 full-text download which reflects how important it is for audiences in the world.	4
The dataset used in this study is the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) [41], which has been used and evaluated in many previous studies [42,43].	2
As quantitative measures of scholarly impact gain prominence in the legal academy, we should expect institutions and scholars to engage in a variety of tactics designed to inflate the apparent influence of their scholarly output.	1
The analyzed parameters include publication output, cited publication, document type, language, distributions of journal, author, country and institutes, and analysis of author keywords and keywords plus.	3
each organization listed on a paper received a whole count for that paper.	3
We summarize these findings by offering the working hypothesis that psychology is a profession imbedded with a culture of science and research more so than social work for the following reasons.	5
To evaluate this, our empirical strategy is to present rankings of scientific journals in economics based on the 2-year IF adjusted by subtracting the most cited articles.	3
The objective is to decompose annual productivity caused by differences in characteristics of female and male researchers (explained variation), and into one component caused by differences in returns to the same character across groups (the so-called unexplained component).	3
Whereas 65% of the publications were contributions to the theoretical and empirical understanding of immunology, 35% were contributions to methodology.	4
Spearman correlations were used to compare citations and Mendeley readers because the data are skewed.	3
4 The number of collaborated projects that are already published (N = 51)	0
The two main options for geochemists are EarthArXiv and ESSOAr.	4
The results showed that citations and number of Mendeley readers have a significant correlation, which reflect the similar impact in evaluation of OA articles.	4
Though there is slow adoption of publishing in open access journals in Africa, there has been an increase in the number of open access journal articles from 2,019 in 2005 to 24,997 in 2014.	4
Although the common knowledge suggests great importance of books in social sciences, our results indicate that the share of cited books in scholarly journal articles by CEE authors is below 30%.	5
In addition to comparing the trends of university research output inequality with two Gini coefficients, we also check the mobility of each university's ranking in the annual research performance per faculty.	3
The results revealed that the differences did not completely vanish but were strongly reduced.	4
On this basis, we tested the underlying dimensions of measurement for Altmetric.com scores through PCA and then analyzed the relationship between the dimensions and citation counts through negative binomial regression (NBREG).	3
Pathway 2: terms move from stage 1 in first period to stage 2 in second period	0
Using our collected dataset, we have created a segmentation of universities in Turkey according to the number of academics they employ.	5
We conclude that Colombian production in psychology is visible on a regional level.	5
4 The quartile distributions of the LIS versus MIS journals in the IS–LS category	0
The goal is to develop an understanding of some of the drivers of authorship lists (and how those vary systematically by field and by project characteristics net of field) in order to address concerns in the sociology of science and in science policy about the meaning of authorship lists for evaluation and careers in science.	1
One objective of this study was to develop a multidimensional model of research fraud.	0
The aim is to identify the major funders, assess their contribution to national scientific publications, and gain insights into the funding mechanism in relation to collaboration and publication.	1
Second, we applied the pathfinding algorithm to find potential relationships among the therapeutic groups resulted from Step 2.	3
In a second step, we analyse whether such an assumed increase influences the publication patterns of authors with German affiliation.	1
Spearman rank correlation [45] is used to determine the association between two groups of ranked items.	3
To overcome the limitations of the h-index different modifications have been suggested in the literature (Batista, Campiteli, Kinouchi, & Martinez, 2005, 2006; Bollen, Rodriguez, & van de Sompel, 2006; Egghe, 2006a, 2006b; Imperial & Rodríguez-Navarro, 2005; Rousseau, 2006a).	0
Besides the above elementary metrics, we also measure the clustering coefficient, the average shortest-path-length and the modularity, in order to test the “small-world” property and the community structure of the examined network.	3
Bibliometrics is open-source software written in R and was preferred to conduct the bibliometric analysis of the data obtained from the WoS database since it is one of the most commonly used software for scientific literature mapping.	3
To answer our last research question, the effect of publishing in English upon citations received in GS and Scopus, we used an ordinary least squares (OLS) multiple regression model, in which the dependent variable is the document impact, which we operationalize as the natural log of the number of received citations plus one.	3
Clicking on the name found, we obtain (Fig.	4
The availability of complementary research grants created opportunities for researchers to collaborate in grant writing, research implementation, and publications.	5
Conversely, the USA leads in the Social Sciences, while Europe excels in Geography, Ecology, Public and Business Administration, and Pharmacy.	4
Our main hypothesis is that researchers tend to become institutionalized, such that they are generally discontent with the current publication system, but that this dissatisfaction fades over time as they become tenured.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cedr20	0
It is these secondary effects of the Exzellenzinitiative that we begin to explore in this research note.	1
The study seeks to evaluate the number of authors fulfilling ICMJE authorship criteria (considering the names mentioned in the byline of 12 issues of the Archives of Iranian Medicine (AIM) journal), and to determine the type of contribution made by each author.	1
Two additional filters, namely TCyear (Ho 2012) and the “front page" (Fu et al.	3
The degree of novelty of the institution's topic selection has a significant negative impact on the citations per paper.	4
Agglomerative clustering technique was found to yield better results regarding cluster sizes and intracluster distances.	4
Finally, the strength of the correlation between social media mentions and academic citations has doubled across the endodontic journals over the last 10 years.	4
Twelve retracted publications have been sampled, six representing each side of the main dimension.	2
The model proves effective for small to mid-sized journals, but not for larger ones.	4
The independent samples t test was used: It is a parametric statistical test used for testing a null hypothesis of equality of the means in two independent subpopulations (if a hypothesis concerns more than two subpopulations, one-way ANOVA is used).	3
Because citation counts vary among disciplines and publication years, we defined a "highly cited publication" as one having an InCites percentile rank ≥90.	3
The factor analysis extracted one component with an eigenvalue exceeding 1, see loadings in Table 3.	3
The RMI measures the preference that authors from country ‘A' have for a particular destination country ‘B'.	3
We estimate a heteroskedastic probit model, which is a generalization of the probit model accounting for potential bias caused by heteroskedasticity.	3
Moreover, articles published in the QJE by MIT authors receive fewer citation counts compared to articles written by out-group authors.	4
I am grateful to Liwen Vaughan and three anonymous referees for comments on previous drafts of this article.	0
This article utilizes a bibliometric approach to study themes and characteristics of the investigation in creativity in Spain.	1
(4) The fourth evaluation was designed to evaluate the bibliographic record content.	2
One evidence is the fact that belonging to a faculty department increases the strength of ties, but belonging to a department decreases interdisciplinarity.	5
The aim of this paper is to explore the collaboration of female inventors, how it affects their innovation production and whether it influences their innovation impact.	1
Four analysis techniques were used including journal citation analysis, authorship analysis, journal analysis, and keyword analysis.	3
In this study, a two-stage CRF model was used to identify citation sentiment in citation context.	3
Since the bibliometric landscape on pediatric glaucoma (PG) has remained largely unexplored, the current study aimed to systematically review the literature available on PG since 1955 in terms of bibliometric variables, author, and organizational collaborative pattern and also analyze the 25 most cited articles in this field.	1
This research is an endeavor to distinguish the 214 articles related to art criticism to help art critics and scholars verify the areas of study in art criticism that have been broadly addressed along with the gaps that ought to be focused.	1
2 Faculty of Education, The Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong SAR, PR China.	0
We analyse a comprehensive panel dataset of economists working at Austrian, German, and Swiss universities and investigate how job mobility and characteristics of other researchers working at the same university affect research productivity.	1
InCites platform is used to collect bibliometric data.	2
We then extended the search from these 90 most-cited investigators for more articles published in journals in first quartile of other science categories, such as obstetrics and gynecology; medicine, general and internal; and endocrinology and metabolism.	2
In the second part of the main training, participants collaborated with their breakout group to write a review of the example paper based on the analysis in their worksheets and their collaborative discussion.	3
Our goal was to utilize a longitudinal study design to examine potential associations between the quantity of internal medicine residents' peer-reviewed publications and diverse measures of their clinical performance using validated measures of knowledge (ABIM certification examination scores), skills (mini-clinical examination scores) and multi-source evaluations of clinical performance.	1
Is there a difference between dominantly female vs.	1
The following discussion refers mainly to the visual outcome of our multi-dimensional scaling.	0
1 Cátedra de Cooperación Internacional y Con Iberoamérica, Department of Economics, Universidad de Cantabria, Avda.	0
A comparison of the earth science and space science citizen science projects which use similar data gathering and analysis methodologies suggests that the Top-3 space science projects tend to have higher impacts (IF = 24) than the corresponding earth science projects (IF = 13), but that the general populations of these projects excluding the Top-3 favor the earth science projects (IF = 21) over the space science projects (IF = 10) in impact.	5
In order to evaluate approaches for identifying science citation index (SCI) covered publications within non-patent references (NPRs), the author employs a computer science method that uses two key indicators, recall and precision, to evaluate the relevance of information retrieval systems.	1
We argue that more policy support could be given to realising these kinds of activities, specific to the needs of the pathways, to ensure that the science policy and academic practices encourage and enable researchers to answer societally valuable questions in their research activities.	5
We argue that China will be unable to achieve its goal of becoming a world-class product innovator unless it fully implements and standardizes policies that encourage the growth of its emerging technology sectors.	5
After eliminating false positives (PhD doctorate theses, CESMO dissertation3, medical theses, pharmacy theses, veterinary theses, etc.) we were left with 634 dental master theses coming from the 16 French odontology faculties.	2
USNWR rankings provide a good representation of academic productivity, while NIH funding ranking or designation as department versus division does not.	5
Qualitative variables were expressed as absolute and relative frequencies and the association between them was analyzed using Pearson's chi-square test or Fisher's exact test, as appropriate.	3
Gulf Financial Center (GFC), Gulf University for Science and Technology, Mubarak Al-Abdullah, Kuwait	0
The data we used in this study is the APS data set, consisting of about half a million publications between 1893 and 2013 [13].	2
Zero-inflated Poisson regression was utilised to test for associations between the predictor variables and the number of first-authored publications and the total number of publications.	3
Based on the inclusion criteria, 5,869 articles from PubMed and 2,024 articles from IndMed were found to be eligible, yielding a total sample of 7,893 articles.	2
Longitudinal data were collected on co-authorships in grants and publications before and after ICTS establishment.	2
The present study adds to the body of knowledge of SNA in four distinct ways.	5
The co-occurrence of two terms is assumed as the metaphor for the integration of the knowledge conveyed by the two terms.	3
Research centers like CCES can facilitate this cultural change, in at least three concrete ways: 1.	5
The findings suggest that Malaysia is making significant progress in promoting gold OA publications among its researchers.	5
Though the international research community has room to improve its support for globally inclusive open science initiatives that can positively influence countries like Angola that are creating a local research infrastructure almost from scratch, there is nevertheless a need to activate further on the national level as well.	5
The journal Kinetika i Kataliz, which was established in 1960, is now the main Russian journal specialized in chemical kinetics and catalysis.	5
Overall, the proposed approach extracted 14% more relevant results from the entire dataset.	4
This implies the potential of FV gradient method as an efficient weight assignment scheme when it comes to the ability to retrieve trajectories with diverse themes.	5
This paper reports on an experiment concerning the social construction of statistical definitions, where the first census of Higher Education Institutions in Europe has been developed.	1
Peer-evaluators of kinesiology scholars should not assume that low citation totals based on percentile rank for a scholar mean poor quality or a low impact of their research.	5
This problem has various solutions, for example, the multidimensional extensions proposed by García-Pérez (2012) or the g-index proposed by Egghe (2006), which can be defined as the average number g of citations to the g most-cited articles (Schreiber, 2010).	0
The Journal Impact Factor (JIF) is linearly sensitive to self-citations because each self-citation adds to the numerator, whereas the denominator is not affected.	1
(7), (8), and (9) as follows by modifying related equations based on the EOM model in the previous study (Zhou, 2021):	3
Generally speaking, journalism knowledge productions across the five BRICS nations are basically different degrees of the hybridity of domestic scholarship and Western scholarships.	5
To measure inward influence, we compiled a database of all the sources cited in articles in EE over 11 years, 2004-2014, and selected those that received more than 15 citations in the journal in this period.	2
We operationalized scholars' research variety (RV) by counting how many different disciplinary categories a scholar has covered according to the scholar's publications.	3
This content downloaded from 128.122.230.148 on Wed, 20 Jan 2016 18:06:21 UTC	0
Only four of 18 documents were coded as having an example of a best practice related to team science or other tenure and promotion activities.	4
Results showed that the bias and quality of publications greatly depend on reviewer motivations but also that context pressures can have a negative effect.	4
It suggests that unlike the well-established print holding statistics, the eholdings are more likely to produce erratic holding counts.	5
Much has been written about scholarly communication with studies investigating the drivers for research and publishing.	0
Research in WoS showed rapid growth, while literature in Taiwan's AL database showed the opposite (see Fig.	4
We propose additional metrics based on transparency rather than top-down criteria and sanctions.	3
Objectives To examine whether regional biomedical journals in Africa had policies on plagiarism and procedures to detect it; and to measure the extent of plagiarism in their original research articles and reviews.	1
For all but two competencies (Build Rapport and Interpret Body Language), more than 50% of survey respondents agreed or strongly agreed that the competency was important for being an effective review panelist.	4
In particular, the results indicated that the discovered four drugs such as Tocilizumab, Tacrolimus, Prednisone, and Sulfisoxazole are worthy of further study in laboratory experiments with formal assessment of possible effects on symptoms, which may provide psychologists, physicians, and researchers with data-based scientific hypotheses in autism-drug discovery.	4
In this paper we looked into 7 academic databases viz.	2
The results of centrality rankings reveal that Journal of Communication, Communication Research, Communication Research Reports, Human Communication Research, and Communication Studies are the central most journals in the citation network.	4
Thus, the study presents an informative and useful account of research collaboration among the G-20 countries and its impact on productivity and citations.	5
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
In short, these are our research questions: RQ1: How do researchers estimate the importance of the h-index?	1
The investigation yielded positive results, which foster our confidence in the integrity of FSR's peer-review process.	5
Therefore, the participants concluded that the advantages of preprint posting, which are already seen by researchers today, will only slowly change publishing behaviour.	5
Citation analysis is argued to be the most objective way to measure the impact of research outputs (Brown and Gardner 1985; Wakefield 2008).	3
The natural sciences average two to eight times as many citations as the other disciplines.	4
In this study, our aim is to provide bibliometric and altmetric overviews, visualization and to evaluate the correlation between traditional bibliometric analysis and altmetric analysis in the malnutrition field.	1
Overall, more than 21% of the citations in the dataset are reciprocated (roughly 8.5 millions out of 40.4 millions).	4
We observe that the Fleiss' κ for ML classifiers are uniformly greater than that of human classifiers, and the confidence intervals for Fleiss' κ for human and ML classifiers do not overlap.	4
Funding The authors declare that no funding was availed for this study.	0
1 Presently, Northrop Grumman TASC, 12015 Lee Jackson Highway, Fairfax, VA 22033, United States.	0
For this study, we collected data relating to Elsevier's hybrid OA option by drawing on multiple freely available data sources.	2
On average, the growth has been faster in new members than in old members.	4
While traditional historical institutionalism convincingly has been able to explain why institutional configurations come into being and why they in certain cases have been replaced (Mahoney and Thelen 2010), it has lacked equally useful tools for explaining the more gradual evolution of institutions.	3
Through a focus group study design, we aimed to explore how the main areas of research (humanities, social science, natural science incl.	3
The findings of the study present the realities of the involvement of African countries in open access publishing.	5
This paper deals with the detection of innovations, emerging fields and paradigms in the BT field using the network analysis of the scientific publications network.	1
Overall, despite the growth of over five billion hyperlinks between 2009 and 2010, the network's structure is quite stable.	5
He has been active in quantitative science and technology studies since 1981.	0
A first step has thus consisted in comparing the database with additional data form Wikipedia [22].	2
Another of the most consistent thematic was agriculture, with a presence in all the of the sub-periods, evincing a solid relationship with rural areas and population decline.	4
1994) was conducted including all of the research team and article attributes as predictor variables (PIs' academic disciplines, authors' academic disciplines, diversity of PIs' disciplines within a grant award, diversity of authors' disciplines within an article, and analysis method) to identify which attributes most successfully predicted whether an article contained two-way linkages (dependent variable).	3
The resulting network, which is termed as minimal core of the network, consists of 1076 papers and 1544 arcs of citations, is shown in Fig.	2
The results clearly demonstrate that long-term political stability and the continuity of political structures (in other words freedom from war, occupation, coups and major changes in the political system) are among the most prominent factors that determine the position of universities from a given country in international rankings.	4
4, research productivity and scientists' impact, indicated by the number of publications, average journal rank, and average citation counts could positively affect possessing core social positions.	4
Of special note here is the use of a “Hit-Ratio” that helps distinguish Big Data elements from less relevant legacy technology terms.	3
Correlated with this overcitation, there is an important overrepresentation of reviews in the most cited papers, this overrepresentation being greater when the most highly cited papers are considered, i.e.	4
Vizgin, Maria Aksentieva, and other members of the history of physics seminar at	0
A total of n=111 responses were received from 30 countries, including one from a non-European country, an associate participant in ENRESSH.	2
Topical scientific communities disclose different topical aspects of global communities, and thus are smaller than global communities.	5
All of the instructions, interfaces, and the paper contents are available at https://github.com/theryanl/ ReviewerAnchoring.	0
After all, while the IF compiled by Thomson Reuters is still the most widely used metric, several other types of citation-based measures of journal impact have been devised, such as the SCImago Journal Rank, the Eigenfactor, and the source normalized impact per paper.	4
The median INO value for publishing authors declined from 86 to 63%, and that for citing authors from 80 to 42%.	4
The first search included a generic term creati* (e.g., “creativity”, “creatify”, “creative”, “creatively”, “creativeness”, “creation”) extracted from the authors' keywords and the system-generated keywords.	2
To reduce subjectivity, all articles published in MS, DS, EJOR, OR, NRL and IIE were reviewed by one author of this paper by looking at keywords, title and abstract.	3
This paper suggests a set of complementary digital tools to tackle these needs by journal themselves, empowering them through a reflexive analysis of their content and fostering open science through more transparency.	1
5 Because of the strong positive correlation between the rankings under WCNCI and CNCI, the regression line approximates the diagonal here.	0
Although there appears to be motivation to participate in research, very few students achieve publication.	5
We collected the metadata of the 10% most-cited of these 18,987 articles via the WoS database on June 27, 2024.	2
Data were collected and subsequently analysed from The University of The Gambia, the Educational Research Network for West and Central Africa (both of which are engaged in basic research), the National Agricultural Research Institute, Medical Research Council, The Gambia Unit and the International Trypanotolerant Centre, which focuses on science and technology activities.	2
In all six cases, the most cited reference from 1967 was indeed the Viterbi algorithm.	4
Our first main data source is collected from a large-scale and unique dataset in Microsoft Academic Knowledge Graph (MAKG) (F?rber, 2019).	2
The third factor, Perception of the university's support for competitive funding calls (a=.792), grouped three items related to the researchers' perception of their participation in public calls for funding.	4
The comparison also demonstrates the usefulness of knowledge entities in reflecting research diversity.	5
The present study demonstrates two important aspects of PLOS ONE: first, it shows the main areas in which articles are being published; second, it relativizes the impact of these areas in their respective thematic fields.	5
In 17 of the 30 cases, interdisciplinarity surpasses 90%.	4
Results suggest that while long duration and large funds are central to research excellence, the way in which subsidiary features such as reporting, planning and content requirements are structured affect the level of risk-taking.	4
Based on current trends, we foresee an increase of publications from institutions of Continental Europe.	5
The hidden hierarchy of a scientific team is characterized by its lead (or L) ratio of members playing leadership roles to total team size.	3
General trends have been obtained for all the publications covered by SCI-E, while specific studies have been circumscribed to the 35 largest subject categories in terms of publications during the period 2000–2015, these categories representing a 64.3% of total publications in this period in SCI-E (14,251,769 publications of 22,177,480).	2
Here we examine junior scientists applying for National Institutes of Health RO1 grants.	1
(a) What are the correlations between the different approaches?	1
The main conclusion is that the Bologna reform has some positive impact on Ph.D.	5
We reviewed 3 months of AJNR articles published during 1998, 2003, 2008, 2013, and 2018 and characterized the degrees and specialties of the first authors, funding status, institutional affiliations, and type of article to assess trends across time.	2
Participants were significantly more confident in their diagnoses after using the US simulator, as shown by the increase in their mean confidence in the correct diagnosis from 53.1% (SD 22.8) to 83.5% (SD 19.1; t = 9.0; p<0.0001)Additionally, participants significantly narrowed their differential diagnosis lists from an initial medium count of 3.5 (IQR 2.9, 4.4) possible diagnoses to 2.4 (IQR 1.9, 3; W = -378, p<0.0001) following US.	4
Long and very long reference lists remain much more stable in shares over time, and does therefore not contribute much to the observed growth.	4
The focus of this research project was on assessing journals accessible to community pharmacists via Google search.	1
In this study, the impact of 17 journals with addresses in Turkey in Cabells' Predatory Report (formerly Cabells' Journal Blacklist) to the literature were examined.	1
(2) How effective is the semantic similarity of documents in improving the hybrid network characteristics?	1
For this reason, the primary aim of this study is to determine whether social media mentions correlate with future article impact.	1
To this end, articles with Spain in the address field and English in the language field are obtained (years 2010–2014), given that WoS only considers funding acknowledgements written in English.	2
University policy documents have been collected, as well as recruitment and staff protocols and job postings of the two departments to study formal selection criteria.	2
Statistical Cybermetrics Research Group, Faculty of Science and Engineering, University of Wolverhampton, Wulfruna Street, Wolverhampton WV1 1LY, United Kingdom.	0
The number of grants, years of support, and total amount of funding were quantified for research project grants (R series), mentored career development awards (K series), and other grants (U and P series) using NIH Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools.	2
A heterogeneous sample of participants representing a wide range of biomedical journals will be sought through purposive maximum variation sampling, drawing from a professional network of contacts, publishers, conference participants and snowballing.	2
The coefficient plots reveal that, other things equal, men on average show a higher adoption of preprinting than women.	4
In sum, author fame causes citations, and the magnitude is large.	5
Also, the add_residuals function of the Model function package was used to eliminate the effect of time on the number of citations.	3
Based on big-data literature from the Thomson Reuters Web of Science as well as scientometric mapping analysis, this important research topic is analyzed by techniques from informetric domains to detect its developmental landscape.	1
Number of highly cited publications: the number of top 1% of most highly cited papers;	3
Context similarity is a metric introduced in [21] which we have specifically adapted to measure the proximity of two PACS given the current scientific production: it mirrors and summarizes the relationship between their respective scientific areas in a given time window.	3
However, the model only explained 12% of this relationship (R2 = 0.12) (Fig.	4
Values variables (final five in table) were measured using Likert scales (1 = strongly agree and 5 = strongly disagree).	0
Which topics can be defined as the “core” topics of economic research in the period of time examined?	1
The units of analysis are all of the words in titles and author-supplied keywords from papers published in the journal.	2
The reason therefore lies in the heterogeneity of major fields in terms of scientists' communication behaviour.	0
Results are then presented, in turn, for each research question, and are followed by a general discussion and conclusions.	0
(b) to examine the authorship pattern and degree of collaboration as well as collaboration density in the research of this scientific specialty.	1
Statistical assessment included the McNemar test, the Mann-Whitney test, and the Pearson correlation.	3
Although the right-hand side shows which publications have been particularly significant for research associated with graphene, we only see from the data on the left-hand side that a number of graphene publications were significant for the research in general.	4
There was a statistically significant association between geographical location and gender, χ2(10) < = < 133.83, p = .000.	4
Table 4 Expected value of lag and the results of the Wilcoxon rank-sum test	0
For each one of the extremely highly cited authors, we searched the MRC, the Wellcome Trust and the NIHR databases of funded projects to see how many of them have held a grant as PI.	3
This was conducted using Harzing's Publish or Perish, which utilizes Google Scholar data.	0
The study defines the whole profile of international academic publishing, presenting its diachronic evolution, identifying research front, detecting emerging trends and abrupt changes.	5
Faculty publication figures were gathered from the Thomson Reuters Web of Science citation database by performing a search for each of the institutions in the “Organizations Enhanced” field searched against the title of each journal in the package.	2
The most surprising manifestation of these errors is represented by multiple DOI assignment.	5
The two scholars from Belgium, Leo Egghe and Ronald Rousseau, were highly productive not only in JASIS, but also in JDoc.	0
The nCR values of the three domains in this study are listed in Table 4 and are illustrated as in Fig.	0
We found that the subject area that had the most substantial proportion of unique articles with unverifiable author affiliations was the category 'Health Sciences' (46%), followed closely by 'Physical Sciences' (42%) and 'Multidisciplinary' (39%), while the subject area 'Social Sciences' had the lowest prevalence of articles with unverifiable author affiliations (28%) (Fig.	4
We also provide quantitative SNA-based measures that can help place researchers' CAN into one of these proposed categories.	4
We consider potential causes and associated responses to this fragmentation that could help to unify and advance translation from research on depression to the clinic, largely involving harmonizing employed language, bridging conceptual domains, and increasing communication across stakeholder groups.	5
The study demonstrates that, despite the oft-mentioned "decline of the monograph", the monograph remains very heavily used by PhD students in Spanish and Portuguese at Rutgers University, and that monographs continue to be cited at significantly higher rates and for longer periods than journal articles.	4
Ultimately our recommendations will benefit the organizational science research community by preventing further misuse of BP articles, encouraging the appropriate usage of BP articles, and generally improving methodological rigor in the organizational sciences.	5
The first key finding in these regression analyses is that insiders and more successful scholars expressed greater trust in grant reviewers than other scholars.	4
For correlations, we report Pearson's correlation coefficient r, as well as Spearman's ranking correlation p.	3
Statistical testing was performed using two-tailed t-tests for unmatched (unpaired) samples, or ordinary one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) with Tukey's multiple comparisons test.	3
The Derwent Data Analyzer and VOSviewer were used to generate network maps and visualizations.	3
One can talk about two viewpoints on the nature of the concept of additivity.	0
Price's transience index was used to assess the number of authors having a single publication.	3
In August of 2014, MacEwan University Library in Edmonton, Alberta, launched an IR, Research Online at MacEwan (RO@M; http://roam.macewan.ca).	2
Academic careers such as becoming research faculty (yes/no) and sustaining a research career (yes/no) are both binary outcomes, so we use logistic regression analyses for these (SI Appendix).	3
The present study aims to analyze the world's scientific publications on coronavirus and COVID-19 research using various scientometric techniques.	1
We found that Mode 1 prevailed slightly more frequently than Mode 2, which implies that universities continue to function as the main locus of knowledge production for international collaboration, although five exceptional cases existed.	5
Finally, this study finds evidence for PIIT influencing attitudes toward OA.	5
We divide the JIF by the citation potential in the journal topic.	3
Despite published criteria for authorship that mandate final approval of the manuscript by all authors, errors are frequent, including those that may materially change the interpretation of data.	5
Participants' organizational and sectoral affiliations influenced available capital and dominant institutions.	4
Next, the co-citation and burst detection analyses are conducted according to the techniques of visualization tools, i.e., VOSviewer and CiteSpace.	3
The results suggest that the Matthew effect (Merton, 1968, 1988) is greater for funded articles compared with unfunded documents.	4
Twenty-seven studies were published in the first 5 years (2004-2009) and 182 articles (87.1%) were published in the next 5 years (2010–2014) (Figure 2).	4
In the future, researchers can strengthen cooperation, share research results and pay more attention to research hotspots and frontiers in this field around the world, so as to produce more high-quality academic results and promote the further development of computer science.	5
This article analyzes the evaluation results and asks how good they are at predicting future research performance.	1
For the second research question, the above results were compared to the correlation between the Scopus citation counts from February 2016 and September 2017.	3
For the model predicting endogeneity, we used probit regression (Aldrich & Nelson, 1984).	3
VOSviewer was also used to identify the co-occurrence of terms in the article title and keywords.	3
Through the work of the Committee, publication ethics itself gets made rather than revealed by the cases.	4
The data set based on the year 2000 staff lists, covering publications during the period 1994–9, provides us with information on the incentive structure facing New Zealand's academic economists before public discussion of a PBRF-like research evaluation scheme.	2
Furthermore, we discovered “lost” references: the studied bibliometric platform failed to index at least 56% (36,939/65,836) of the references present in the HTML version of the publications.	4
Egghe argued that a good impact measure should reward nonconsistency; that is, the more citations over papers are unequally distributed, the higher the impact should be.	5
The Altmetric Explorer database (London, England), an online resource that aggregates number of mentions of a given research article, was searched through a PubMed query of peer-reviewed TKA literature from May 4, 2016 to May 4, 2022.	2
Almost four percent of the articles (95), which is the greatest share of publications in the dataset, came from Studies in Higher Education.	4
bResource and Energy Economics used to be called Resources and Energy.	0
The regressions include a cumulative measure of quality-adjusted academic production by the advisor at the moment he/she is chosen by the advisee, which is assumed to have occurred four years before graduation year (AdvQJEe); a normalised score for the quality of the economics department (UniRank) which is a continuous variable between 0 and 1 based on the (December 2016) RePEc classification, where 1 is the value for Harvard University; a variable that measures advisor tenure given by the number of years since the advisor's first published article (which enters the models both linearly and quadratically, denoted by AdvTenure and AdvTenure2, respectively); and additional (indicator dummy variable) controls to account for whether or not advisor and advisee have co-authored articles (Coauthorship).	3
Since our explanatory variables are time invariant (at least in our data) and, therefore, not suitable for fixed effects models, we conduct a cross-sectional analysis for the year 2016.	3
On visual cues, we find that both title and abstract length matters.	4
In 2020, coronavirus-related publications grew by 20 times over the previous two years, with 130,000 more researchers publishing on related topics.	4
To introduce the ECR committee and to initiate the committee's objectives, a 2-day conference was held.	3
We sampled 111 academic administrators, including 90 department deans and 21 university presidents, from 26 universities.	2
Availability of data and materials All data used in this study are available in Reference.	0
The trend was expected since the English language has an unquestionable role as the lingua franca of research and academic communication globally (Karoly et al.	0
The co-citation analysis by author involved 188 cited authors, 13 of whom were cited at least 70 times.	4
Given the difficulties of identifying the nature of technological development—and thus national competences—in an emerging discipline, the first objective of this article is to provide a method for characterizing the self-organized nature of technological development in the Canadian nanomedicine community of practice.	1
We used the k-core analysis method in this paper to divide the overall structures of the collaboration networks in those 23 subjects, visualized them, and obtained the network diagrams (see Fig.	3
In the pilot study we found that the reference was Central to the citing article 10 times more frequently if it was cited on three or more occasions compared to those articles containing less than three citation occasions (Table 1).	4
Link data related to the VOSviewer website was gathered from Majestic 16 through the site explorer feature (historic index).	2
To find these articles, I used the Scopus database and Google Scholar to complement each other as these databases are incomplete.	2
OA publishing has increased since 2007, but articles written by authors in low/middle-income countries are under-represented among OA publications.	4
Additional details on the selected funding programmes can be found in Supplementary Appendix Table A1.	0
The present study aimed to investigate the prediction of abstract acceptance of peer reviewed publications focusing on the difference between male and female first authors.	1
We randomly selected articles from journals listed in the 2009 Thomson Reuters' ISI Web of Knowledge Science Citation Index with an impact factor > one under the "Ecology" subject heading (n = 83 journals).	2
b Institute for Research Policy Studies, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest, Hungary	0
The Fisher index, which was the geometric mean of Laspeyres index and Paasche index, was used and shown as following formulas:	3
It seems that the so-called Matthew Effect in Science works on the advantage of the eminent universities (Merton 1968; Shermer 2008).	5
Amidst these viewpoints, this paper explores the speed of article citation of a multi-institutional, multi-disciplinary publicly funded research center relative to that of a comparison group of articles.	1
REF panelists took part in a process that demanded they cohere to a collective identity unlike and disassociated from their everyday contexts.	4
To further determine the open access status of articles, the authors conducted searches for the article's title in Google Scholar.	3
Geographical H index is defined as “A paper has geographical h index if h of its Np countries have at least h views each and the other (Np - h) countries have fewer than ≤h views each.”	3
As information professionals are often asked to contribute their knowledge to assist clinicians and researchers in selecting journals for publication, the authors recognized an opportunity to build a decision support tool, SPI-Hub: Scholarly Publishing Information Hub?, to capture the team's collective publishing industry knowledge, while carefully retaining the quality of service.	1
We represented the pattern of Cuban collaboration through the institutional publications and not through the net publications to give equal representation to all participating national institutions.	5
The table reports the estimates based on the model specification in the Eq.	0
Based on the regression models, 17 topics show a statistically significant (p < 0.05) increase from 1997 to 2016, while 7 topics present a statistically significant (p < 0.05) decrease during the 20 years.	4
Yet, the curves he uses are not Lorenz curves.	4
In order to analyze this, we processed the complete access log to extract the IP address and latitude–longitude coordinates of the persons downloading the articles.	3
This brief research report analyzes a sample of substance abuse facilities replicating the methodology published by Huerta et al. (2014).	3
The results provide empirical insights to management, policy makers and research on scholarly publishing.	5
Previous basics: Details and additional information on the scientometric principles and procedures underlying the data outlined in this flash can be found in the following publi- cations:	0
3 Total number of authors in the different Arab countries from 1986 to 2011	0
The strength of the system lies in considering influential citations in our proposal for finding key papers and relevant authors.	5
Finally, the NSAP score is time-normalized using citations divided by published date per publication.	3
The goals here are to conquer weighting difficulty and achieve maximum group consensus.	1
specialization) are in balance with converging tendencies (e.g.	5
And, of course, this weakness is common to all econometric models.	0
Figure 3 shows a very clear tradeoff between the accuracy and coverage for different probability thresholds.	4
To define discipline-specific jargon, we manually assembled a comprehensive list of roughly 1500 words using glossaries of books focused on caves, reviews and other sources (full list in electronic sup-plementary material, appendix S2).	3
This study is a survey of patients who had been previously selected for exercise prescription in a pilot study conducted at a tertiary care ED.	2
The search for scientific documents is carried out in the two most important multidisciplinary databases worldwide, Scopus and Web of Science (WoS).	2
Working with this framework, three hypotheses are developed in three strands to examine innovation policy configuration in China and Russia with regard to the relationships between policy instruments, policy objectives and policy implementation.	3
Here and in the following tables core elements occurring in both the source and the target lists are highlighted in italics.	0
The collected metadata on the published literature was analyzed in R version 4.0.1 along with Rstudio Version 1.3.959 using a special package, bibliometrix R-package (http://www.bibliometrix.org) (Aria and Cuccurullo</PERSON>, 2017).	3
Next, the network metric of normalized closeness centrality was measured.	3
Targeted scientific training investment in an interdisciplinary research field can produce high levels of grant funding rates, scientific productivity, and scientific influence.	5
5), Science surprisingly seems to be more than Nature in former USSR and its historical scholarly allies (mainly Eastern Europe, South and Central America) although the journal is edited in the United States.	4
Project duration had no significant effect on the number of refereed publications, citation rates, or total citations per funded dollar across projects.	4
On the other hand T1 and T are constant over time as they are the averages over the time period considered.	0
Eight journals in the JCR Science Edition and four journals in the JCR Social Science Edition met this criterion.	2
However, the analysis of the most frequently published higher education researchers in the region—those strongly engaged in the field-display a large degree of atomization in terms of collaboration and even in terms of referencing one another's work.	5
Initially, we identified a sample of participants for our survey by using an existing dataset of 1907 articles that had been published in predatory biomedical journals.	2
Over the study period, 739 errors were identified from a total of 93,191 entries in 28 journals.	2
Document types 'Article' and 'Review' were considered since they constitute the main research output reported in journals.	2
For the purpose of our study, the existing panel classifications are considered the ground truth that we do not question.	2
An artificial intelligence method was developed to automatically carry out the multidimensional characterization of 22 main fields and 151 subfields, in which Mexican scientific output is distributed.	3
We found disparities within different disciplines which showed that only few research fields contributed more in the interdisciplinary research grant success.	4
However, a sharp fall in the coefficient – 81.7% in six years shows 2004 to 2006 as the period in which the magazine ceased to be this kind of publication.	4
In the first place, we find an extremely low level of mixed authorship between practitioners and academics in two key Spanish LIS platforms of scientific/professional communication.	5
We thank Ben Jones, Dave Maré, three anonymous referees, and seminar participants at Motu for helpful suggestions.	0
A questionnaire consisting of 19 open access and five demographic information questions was used for the data collection tool.	2
In addition to the 13 top-ranked (A*) journals identified by relevant scholars, other A class journals with relatively high impact factors that have been ranked as one of the top 13 journals by the hybrid method can also be regarded as top-ranked journals.	5
These results were downloaded in the MS-Excel file and were used for further analysis.	3
The co-authorship network of countries in the field of Nuclear Science and Technology consists of 116 nodes and 3502 ties: nodes represent countries and ties connect countries in the form of co-authorships.	4
This exploratory study of the post-publication expert recommendations (PPER) of biomedical articles in Faculty Opinions observed whether the recommended articles were cited differently from other articles in the same journal.	1
Academic output measures such as NIH funding, publications, and citations were analyzed in subsets by the type of cancer center (NCI comprehensive cancer center [CCC]; NCI cancer center [NCICC]; and non-NCI center) and SSO membership status.	3
Therefore scholars would not adopt the new BC/BCE notation, unless publishers force them by regulating the notation through their journal's style guides.	0
The references in each thesis and dissertation were checked and those identified as relating to conferences were extracted.	3
The main class of the citing journals is “bibliography, library science and general information resources” which contributes 61 %, while the most citing subclass of citing journals is "books (general), writing, paleography, book industries and trade, libraries and bibliography", which also accounts for 61 %.	4
The goal of this study was to find general patterns in the path of a sample of published articles toward publication.	1
It has achieved its highest level of output over the years but a closer examination reveals a few powerhouses in terms of production and influence (i.e., Spain, Brazil, Portugal, and Mexico).	5
Altogether, this amounts to 70,878 citation records for 73,533 papers (the remaining papers were uncited at the time of downloading).	2
New bibliometric measures, such as the q2 index, as well as co-authorship network analysis, and cluster analysis methods were utilized to provide insights into Asia-Pacific authors and institutions in the field of learning and instruction research.	3
Figure 1 shows the distribution of authors against the total contribution.	0
VOSviewer was employed to visualize the co-occurrence networks of keywords.	3
Research showed few signs of new forms of scholarly usage behaviour taking hold, despite multiple opportunities afforded by Science 2.0 developments.	4
Similar results were reported by Soler (2011) in which the titles in interdisciplinary sciences are shorter than those in the biological sciences.	4
A central question in science policy is how the research system can be mobilized to help tackle global, multi-faceted, societal challenges, particularly those that emerge rapidly.	1
Table 5 shows that 3 universities (UBA, UNLP, UNC) concentrate 39.4% of total CONICET researchers, 42.4% of the professors with category I and 29.9% of professor's category II.	4
(1996), "Communication networks and the rise of an information elite", http://web.mit.edu/marshall/www/home.htmlVan de Ven, A., Delbecq, A., Koenig, R.	0
To assist in the data analysis and calculate the scientometric indicators, we used the HistCite software and the lattice package [47] of R.	3
This paper investigates the impact of burgeoning Chinese publication on academic alphabetical authorship in the 25 subject categories that have the highest percentage of intentionally alphabetical publications.	1
The weights of the indexes are calculated using the above weight calculation method and the super decision software, as shown in Table 3.	3
The matching allows exploiting the rich and controlled vocabulary of medical subject headings (MeSH) of Medline/PubMed with additional fields of WoS.	2
It is concluded that, even with its flaws, bibliometrics is an important approach to exploring the vast field of Social Policy.	5
The bibliographic metadata, citation, and altmetric data analyzed herein were harvested via the ChemRxiv1, Scopus2,3 and Crossref APIs.	2
However, the metadata supporting research publication was well represented, and the metadata used for other scholarly activities was sparse: these metadata elements had only been used between 0 and 28 percent of the time (see Table III and Figure 1).	5
All authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.	0
Our study adds to these discussions with empirical evidence on the scientific impact of SSRF on knowledge production through the efforts of China-based scientists and international collaboration.	5
Using this simple framework, with its mature components and proven technologies, contributions can be easily captured and quan- tified.	5
A large set of bibliographic records over 38,000 was collected from a scholarly database representing the fields of LIS and the data mining, respectively.	2
In cases in which more than one researcher has the same Hirsch factor or Influence factor, they are ranked based on the total number of citations	0
WoS records were retrieved directly, while GS's top 1,000s were retrieved through Harzing's (1990-2017) application PoP, a free software for analyzing citations.	2
We used ordinary least square (OLS) regressions to estimate the empirical models.	3
The results show that the articles are grouped under the 21 topics.	4
The total production of the Peruvian medical schools was 5406 manuscripts (100%), of which 3018 (56%) were included in the 'clinical medicine' category.	4
Drawing on exploratory data collected from 58 university-based colleagues in 23 countries, supplemented with the personal experiences of authors, this manuscript explores how institutions utilise bibliometrics, and how scholars adapt.	1
The impact of DB citation classics was in the middle of the three comparison journals.	4
Research Question 2: How has the use of titular stylistic cues changed over time?	1
Anonymity was guaranteed, as no personal identifying information was collected on the survey.	0
The next step in the process was to confirm that all twenty titles were still active and to check for possible title changes.	0
NOC was weakly correlated with AAS in APS, PRS GO, and ASJ, and moderately correlated with AAS in PRS.	4
The impact reviews from the mixed panels on average were 381 per cent longer and involved 144 per cent more topics than the comprehensive panels.	4
The 2016 impact factor for each journal in which NIAA-supported publications arose was determined by querying the InCites Journal Citation Reports 2.0 (Web of Science?, Thomson Reuters, NY, USA) using title.	3
Between June and November, retracted COVID-19 articles gained a total of 728 new citations, presence of “withdrawn” or “retracted” before article title did not affect citation rates.	4
1 The notion which we retain of core is that which is successively and conjointly validated by the experts and by the major databases representative of the field.	0
4, we use the Pajek Software to visualize the relationship of the keywords and co-words that occurred simultaneously, more than twice (De Nooy et al., 2011).	3
From the start of his/her publishing career (at time zero), an author publishes papers according to a Poisson process of rate θ, giving the mean number of publications per unit time and called the publication rate.	3
These files were postprocessed in order to extract the number of references and the number of pages per paper since 1972.	3
Cross-indicator ranking stability was quantified both as a correlation between indicator scores and as a difference in percentile ranks.	3
The scientific publications contributed by the faculty members associated with the Iraqi-Kurdistan universities indicates that only five universities (Salahaddin University-Hawler, University of Sulaimani, University of Duhok, Kirkuk University, and University of Koya) have publications indexed in Scopus.	4
In Section 2 we provide the necessary background on the structure of the Italian university system and the National Scientific Qualification rules.	0
Category normalization for the IFlog (cnlFlog) was conducted by dividing each journal's IFlog by the logarithmic correction aggregate impact factor of the discipline to which it belongs and the superiorities of cnlFlog in the evaluation of academic journals across different disciplines were demonstrated empirically.	3
It is also a known fact that in order for actions taken based on scientific activity to reach their objectives, a long period of time, even longer than that of the present study, is necessary.	0
Note that, as the fitted curve begins higher than the observed data and ends lower, the real doubling time is lower.	0
This study showed the importance of disciplinary affiliation as an independent factor in collaboration patterns over multiple years.	5
Department of the Navy or any of its components, the Universidad Nacional Autonoma de Mexico, or Noesis, Inc.	0
Overall, our results indicate that funding agencies have the potential to play an outsized role in the improvement of science by promoting research that passes tests for rigour.	5
We found that most activities were concentrated on Twitter and Mendeley and that activities in these two OnSMP are highly correlated.	4
These findings highlight the disciplinary biases in Mendeley readership and emphasize the necessity of differentiating the temporal dynamics with which Mendeley data becomes significant across disciplines.	5
Of the total 696 papers, 233 were published in 2020.	4
The UMETRICS dataset [1], which consists of administrative data from universities on transactions from sponsored projects, helps to bridge this gap.	2
From a network perspective, this study proposes a model to evaluate knowledge popularity by investigating 2 attributes of contextual information (i.e., authors and tags) that are embedded in a heterogeneous knowledge network, and how they interact to impact knowledge popularity.	1
Nine were from the field of social sciences and humanities, while 12 were from the field of natural sciences.	2
For decades, researchers have attempted to develop techniques to measure science advances (Narin 1978) and existing techniques.	0
The multivariate indicators publication vector X and citation vector Y can be used to reflect multidimensional output and impact information.	5
USP, with 424 articles (29.2%); UNICAMP, with 192 (13.2%); UFRGS, with 143 (9.9%); Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ), with 116 (8.0%); and UNESP, with 111 articles (7.6%), stand out.	4
The top 1% of all 960 works in DB amounts to 10 highly cited articles.	3
Does language factor play a role in scientific activities (i.e.	1
Section 3 reviews the extant literature concerning the impact of IT on publishing outcomes and collaboration.	0
Through in-depth case studies of 12 funded research projects, we explore shaping in these dimensions by contrasting pre- and post-acquisition of a societally targeted project grant based on the accounts of principal investigators (PI).	2
All actors involved should be held accountable for the quality of the data they provide, share, and sometimes trade.	5
To extract bio-entities from the collected citation sentences, PKDE4J (Song et al., 2015) was employed for named entity recognition (NER).	3
*We thank Randall Akee, Jason Faberman, Mark Harrison, Ken Hendricks, Andrea Ichino, Lawrence Kahn, Arthur Markman, Gerald Oettinger, James Pennebaker, the late James Ragan, Joe Stone, Mark Walker, two referees, and participants in seminars at several universities and IZA.	0
Our regression analysis provides evidence to suggest that economists tend to receive more citations when they serve as journal editors.	5
This may be for a number of reasons, but we believe the main one is that these criticisms undermine the desire to have an easy "scientific"-that is, quantitative-method of evaluation.	0
Despite efforts for gerontology to be distinct from geriatrics, more than 30 percent of the most influential scholars in gerontology during the past 6 decades hold a degree in medicine.	4
To calculate the numbers of disciplinary collaborations we subtracted the number of interdisciplinary collaborations from the total number of collaborations.	3
Simply stated, journal impact factor does not successfully predict high citations in future.	5
The metadata fields accessed for analysis included the year of publication, DOI, author details, open access, citations, author(s), country affiliation, etc.	2
Differences in countries' overall R&D spendings measured as percentage of the GDP (log_R&DDifference) are significantly negative related to cross-country research collaborations in pharmaceuticals.	4
Based on the above retrieval, we found that the earliest article on information behavior in China, indexed by CAJD, was published in 1987.	4
The conclusion suggests that conference proceedings are increasingly indexed by major databases, and that scholars might have found advantage in publishing conference papers that were quicker and easier to publish than journal articles or book chapters.	5
The "knowledge" theme was systematically repeated in all periods.	5
The specific calculation process of these factors is shown as follows.	0
(Received 11 May 1993; accepted in final form 13 October 1993)	0
The three industrious and patient Williams College students are Patrick J.	0
The sample contains all 1900 recipients of the 2004 and 2005 national competitions.	2
The analysis of the general sample reveals the existence of different performance patterns, in the sense that there are groups of authors who perform prominently in some platforms, but exhibit a low impact in the others.	4
Statistical analysis was performed using R version 3.6.1, a software for statistical computing and graphics (The R foundation</ORGANIZATION>, Vienna, Austria).	3
The data suggests, as have other studies before, that the Google's inclusive policy of counting many document types as potential citation sources does inflate the absolute citation counts compared to Scopus' counts.	4
The second section presents the theoretical background and the related empirical literature on which the proposed model is based.	0
We argue that HCI can learn from experts who upcycle e-waste and give it second lives in electronics projects, art projects, educational workshops, and more.	1
The first window is inspired by the so-called immediacy index suggested by De Solla Price (1986).	3
To characterize the 100 most-cited articles in medical imaging.	1
Scholars' preferred solutions for research misconduct: results from a survey of faculty members at America's top 100 research universities	1
Compared with non-self-citations, self-citations appeared to have a higher concentration in method and discussion sections of the papers, but lower concentration in introduction and related work sections.	4
Of the 63 unique titles obtained from the six global metrics, 36 serials (57.1%) were cited at least 10 times or by at least five theses.	4
It is possible, however, that as the use of social media for distributing and sharing scientific research continues to expand, that exposure on such platforms could impact future interest or studies.	5
This result showed the Author ID, though not perfectly accurate in terms of individual identification, was reliable enough to be used as a new tool for bibliometrics.	5
In development journals, collaborations increased from 7.4% to 18.2% of total published papers, whereas in the economic journals we are considering, they went from a meagre 1.8% in 2000, to 6.6% in 2019 (Table 1; Figure A2).	4
The main objective of this paper has been to study the individual response of some of the more prominent h-index variants when confronted with a hypothetical manipulation scenario based on extreme self-citation.	1
Compared to co-link and SNA based techniques, complex-network-based clustering is more flexible in theory and classifies a member in a more comprehensive way.	5
This included 329 journal articles, 134 grants, 355 conference presentations and 141 outreach activities.	2
Unfortunately, collaborations in consortia have also created a challenge from an evaluation viewpoint on how to measure scientific impact.	5
The listed small nations are those with fewer than 50 patents in the period and observed outwardness near predicted outwardness.	0
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2022	0
This study aims to find the predictors of the masters' dissertations with high quality, where the high quality refers to the high scores given by experts and publishing papers in SCI journals.	5
The correcting rate for all papers over 20 years in LIS was 0.36%.	4
This study demonstrates that the impact of the topic suggestions on the research in LIS is significant while the impact of the topic direction on the award topic is greater than that on the paper topic.	5
Essentially, the presence of a rotator in a given department may be a decisive factor when selecting a job offer.	5
1 Box plots of citation counts of scientific articles according to their coverage (with_media) or not (no_media) in newspapers.	0
We are indebted to Jacques Mairesse and Paula Stephan for their invaluable advice.	0
Hummon and Doreian's introduction of path retrieval methods based on (1) traversal count as weight assignment (for arcs) method and (2) search methods such as local (forward) search and global search, marked the commencement of path analysis.	3
The analysis was supplemented by Chinese-language sources, including websites, media, academic papers, and Chinese government documents focusing on the Australia-China relationship, CCP ideology, higher education, and China's intellectual environment.	2
1 Forms and syntax of bibliographic references, following the model proposed by (Bertin et al., 2009)	0
This article aims to review the response modes, and especially the international collaboration characteristic, of the academic community to similar public health events in the past.	1
As a result the total score ranges from R(6) = 1.8517 to R(6) = 2.0066.	4
Our analysis is that if a person publishes in a particular FoS, then the citation trend of this author's work resembles more to the overall citation trend of that particular FoS than that of some other FoS.	5
This article examines whether two of the major German flagship programmes to increase the participation of female researchers in the German science system, the "Women Professorship Programme" and the "Pact for Research and Innovation", have actually increased the number of women, especially in leadership positions.	1
We showed that most of the common evaluation measures have high stability and discriminative power.	5
Here, we employ three metrics: a classical metric of productivity (publications per person), an adapted metric which we denote as Revealed Scientific Advantage (developed from work used to compare publications in scientific fields among countries) to characterize disciplinary specialty, and a new metric, scientific indigeneity (defined as the ratio of publications with domestic corresponding authors) to characterize the locus of scientific activity that also serves as a partial proxy for local absorptive capacity.	1
Received: 5 April 2021 / Accepted: 20 December 2021 / Published online: 5 January 2022	0
Received July 10, 2010; revised August 25, 2010; accepted August 26, 2010	0
Publication data from a 10-year period until the year of application (2012) were collected from the online WoS for each scientist in the sample, including all document types.	2
It was suggested that, in addition to comparing subjects in terms of a linear HoS, similarities between subjects should be examined independently of their position on the HoS.	5
We searched five databases through 2021 (PubMed, EMBASE, Scopus, Web of Science, and Retraction Watch).	2
2 shows that the numerical distribution of JDCs on the basis of three term weights markedly varies.	4
Articles, proceeding papers, and review articles published within these journals from 2001 to 2011 were downloaded for analysis (downloading time: October 2012).	2
As a result the final corpus comprised 1415 articles and reviews, all of which were coded according to the three headings mentioned above.	2
From Table 2, we can know that TFS itself is on the top of the source list.	4
Publicly launched in April 2018, Montclair State University Digital Commons aligns with the University's emphasis on research, as it relates to the new university strategic plan and other university researched-based initiatives.	4
We investigate the potential phenomenon of favoritism, particularly in terms of the factors of nepotism and social proximity between the candidates and their evaluators.	1
Books, book chapters, and conference proceedings are included in the publication index.	2
The verbal formulation of the first four hypotheses is followed by the equivalent mathematical expression and a comment.	0
As others have done (Bozeman and Gaughan 2011), we estimated the econometric specifications outlined using a negative binomial model, which better captures the nature of the dependent variables analysed (Cameron and Trivedi 1998).	3
This follow-up study included all medical students from Leiden University Medical Centre, who started their mandatory research internship between 1 January 2008 and 1 January 2018.	2
Final analyses assessed associated variables such as size of the editorial board, number of papers published each year, and each journal's impact factor.	3
Finally, exploratory graph analysis (EGA) [66,67], as implemented in the R package EGAnet [68], was used to explore the clustering of the openness and idea density</METRIC> indicators as part of the convergent validity analyses.	3
Thus, in this work, we analyse and test the predictive power of the metric FV gradient using the citation network of the field—‘Nanotechnology for Engineering' during the period 1989–2014.	3
That is to say, RFs from the patent knowledge map are related to development and RFs from scientific paper knowledge map are related to research in the R&D research theme.	5
In this work, VOSviewer was showed the international collaboration between the authors, organizations, countries by co-authorship analysis and the research trends through all keywords by co-occurrence analysis (van Eck & Waltman, 2010).	3
Over the past half-century, research teams have expanded geographically across all sciences and technology fields (Fig.	4
To study the international collaboration closeness in science, we adopt the bibliometric data from the Web of Science (WOS) database.	2
It was decided in May 1984 to cease further co-word work on these topics and concentrate on the ruminants study.	0
The numbers for Harvard (46), Chicago (57), Northwestern (39), MIT (34), or Duke (21) serve equally well to make the point.	0
Following a long-standing tradition in the study of scientific and technical change, we present conditional quasi–maximum likelihood estimates based on the fixed effects Poisson model developed by Hausman, Hall, and Griliches (1984).	3
Our major finding is that there is evidence of an Ellison effect.	4
In order to highlight the differences that we find in materials on databases, we employ a concept ‘database logic’ (de Rijcke and Beaulieu 2014).	3
Consequently, LIS may have become more versatile in the analysis of its research objects during the years analyzed.	5
It is indispensable that inexperienced students and researchers know these methods so as to identify hijacked journals and publishers with a higher level of probability.	5
The final product was a database of central government education policy documents from 1978 to 2013.	2
In total, reviews accounted for 25.1% of all HCPs from 2007 to 2016.	4
The squishing reflects the very directional interactions between the Er atoms.	4
Since the papers from large geography conferences are an important manifestation of the trending topics and frontiers of geographical research, we break through the limitations of traditional conference reviews through implementation of a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of conference papers.	1
From this analysis, the overall performance of the classification algorithm was found to be 96% (f = 0.965); this high performance ratio was found to be because of the high number of neutral citations.	4
The analysis of the influence of intellectual capital's factors on the results of university activity carried out in the work proved its high role in a number of cases.	5
Here, we quantify the amount and type of attention 3,851 retracted papers received over time in different online platforms.	1
Methodological changes also reflect changes in LIS topics.	5
journal ranking based on H index shows the lowest correspondence with other indicators.	4
Within this time period, researchers with High a have an overall higher average NC6, h5-index, and international collaboration rate, while researchers with Low a have published a larger percentage of their publications in lower ranked journals (Field6).	4
This paper has introduced a method for quantitatively assessing the social validation of a body of research using an iteratively-constructed citation network.	5
Next, we test for differences in the expected value of the peak lag between paper and paper citations and paper-patent citations.	3
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
In this article, we developed a classification schema featuring five categories to analyse the content and explore the features of sentences contained in the Highlights sections of articles.	1
Individual: Administrative quality criteria as a rule are based on quantifiable data and measures, therefore, they have nothing in common with the quality notions and criteria used by an individual researcher.	4
This finding confirms the assertion of other researchers1?	5
The analysis shows that there are 6 communities in the graph with a modularity score of 0.329 out of 1, which indicates that the article network is moderately organized.	4
If cited authored and edited books are taken together, the highest share of cited books is present in the field of sociology with the share of 47% (36% share of authored and 11% of edited books).	4
We report characteristics of in-text citations in over five million full text articles from two large databases - the PubMed Central Open Access subset and Elsevier journals as functions of time, textual progression, and scientific field.	1
Finally, I identify technologies using classification codes at different levels of aggregation.	3
WoS publications in 2017 by Spain-based researchers that include funding acknowledgements from either of the two programmes are identified.	2
Employing a three-dimensional framework which maps policy objectives, policy instruments and policy implementation, the research analyzes a database of 485 policy items issued between 1990 and 2013.	1
Our result shows that irrespective of the indicators used, whether the focus is on developed or developing countries, and whether there is provision for business cycle or not, research output has positive impact on economic growth.	5
For purposes of comparing across networks in four time periods, Freeman's DC was used to measure the breadth of one country or region's international collaboration from a macro view.	3
To this end, we propose eleven recommendations for action by authors, editors, publishers, and the broader scientific community.	5
Our data reveal that plastic surgeons continue to maintain a center stage presence in relation to the quality and quantity of aesthetic surgery publications over the past 4 decades.	5
However, they insist on a regulated OA-policy at the national and institutional levels to strengthen their status as change-leaders of the OA-movement.	5
However, we assume that we have included by far most of the relevant publications (i.e.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1065-075X.htm	0
This included publications from before the scholars' time working at our institution.	0
Our results establish faculty hiring as an underlying mechanism that drives the persistent epistemic advantage observed for elite institutions, and provide a theoretical lower bound for the impact of structural inequality in shaping the spread of ideas in science.	5
Double blind was the preferred choice by Chinese ECRs (128, 48.67%, n = 263).	4
In terms of total citations, Gosta Esping-Andersen's The Three Worlds of Welfare Capitalism is the clear leader by a significant margin, with the most cited Social Policy (or Social Administration) writers being Peter Townsend, Richard Titmuss, Ruth Lister and Jane Lewis.	4
Based on fieldwork in the Committee on Publication Ethics, this paper offers an analysis of the forms of doings that publication ethics in action can take during what is called the 'Forum', a space where allegations of dubious research conduct get aired and debated between editors and publishers.	1
Altmetric scores, while significantly associated with citation count in the surgical literature, should not necessarily be used as a surrogate marker for evaluating research performance, impact, or exposure.	5
When we look at the other disciplines, we can see that while there are some fluctuations, the results are fairly stable, especially when we exclude large proportions of the original data.	0
We identified 219, corresponding to 51 unique, mentored career development awardees and 105 independent investigators.	4
The ICC was 0.44 for reviewers, 0.24 for editors, and 0.12 for manuscripts, meaning that about 20% of the variance seen in the review ratings was attributable to the reviewer, 6% to the editor, and 1% to the manuscript.	0
A total of 128 original articles with at least two authors published in the AIM journal from January 2005 to October 2007 were included in this study.	2
We investigated 23 university and commercial presses—with a focus on the arts, humanities, and social sciences—with regard to attitudes toward accepting OAETs for publication as monographs.	1
The poster which leveraged color-coded sticky notes engaged 92 poster session attendees representing a wide array of shareholders from academe and industry.	2
The global topography of my study derives from Wallerstein's (1974/2011) world systems analysis.	3
The rest of the paper is organized as follows: presentation of data and research methods and tools; reporting of the findings from the knowledge evolutionary analysis, co-word analysis, and sudden word analysis of the cloud health care literature; and a discussion of the implications to cloud health care research.	0
Dissemination networks of thirteen types of volume-page double errors and one type of page-only error are constructed and analyzed.	2
We provide such an analysis based on contribution percentages provided by 97 scientists from the field of ecology who voluntarily responded to an online anonymous survey.	2
Due to the nature of scientific output, we also use spatial econometric models to take into account the spillover effects from knowledge produced as well as labor and capital.	3
The analysis of the currency of faculty citations shows that Sciences and Engineering have the highest percentage of citations less than ten years old with 39% and 35%.	4
In this paper, we use matrix normalization and multiplication so that totalized input and output measures can be obtained.	1
We sort papers by their overall citation scores k within the InfoVis 2004 data and select the top 20 for Table 3.	0
The Spanish upgrade on scientific output and its international collaboration index for the recent years,7 as well as the incorporation of the Eastern European countries to multinational scientific cooperation programs, seems to be one of the most reliable causes of these increasing relationships.	0
For a given publication, CNCI is calculated by dividing the observed number of citations by the expected number of citations (mean citation count of all papers of a document type published the same year in the same research field).	3
These 30 papers are the most cited in five scientific journals (6 papers for each of the analysed journals).	2
Building on this large body of work, we ask the following questions: given available bibliometric information in one year, along with the combined theories on sources of creative breakthroughs from the literatures on creativity and innovation, how accurately can we explain the impact of authors in a given research community in the following year?	1
Authorship practices in ecological research are broadly representative of a variety of fields due to the cross-disciplinary nature of collaborations in ecological studies.	1
Below, we will distinguish all papers from final research papers.	3
Interestingly, JIF is not available for all the journals indexed in Medline.	0
The number of active physicians in the respective specialties was obtained using the Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC) Physician Specialty Data Reports for 2008 and 2018.	2
We excluded self-citations in our analysis as we wanted to measure externally received citation impact, thereby excluding up-front any source of distortion.	3
African Journal of Science, Technology, Innovation and Development is co-published by Taylor & Francis and NISC (Pty) Ltd	0
Overall, economics departments and associate and full professors still show low publication productivity twenty-six years after the fall of communism.	5
In this context, our main goal is to monitor Brazilian local scientific production on Science and Physics education from 2013 to 2019 using scientometric tools and give that scenario international visibility.	1
Web of Science was used to analyze the characteristics of the publications, including countries and regions, time, authors, organizations, citation frequency, and H-index.	3
The ERA-LAC co-authorship increase for biodiversity and climate change was higher than those reported for other topics and for collaboration with other continents.	4
However, the scaling law is different for each institution, and as a result, different parts of the collaboration network densify at different rates.	4
The 20 initial items included in the survey questionnaire were generally highly rated with a mean score ranging from 3.38 (SD=1.13) to 4.60 (SD=0.69) (scale 1–5).	4
More tellingly, in about 1935 a questionnaire was introduced to guide the referees' evaluation.	4
To do so, we use an axiomatic characterization for predicting dissimilarity between subject categories.	3
We then converted the absolute values of the above-named indices to relative values by assigning the value “1” to the first year for which journal-specific data were available and then calculating all other values relative to the value assigned to that first year.	3
The significant local communication network covers monographs and regionally-oriented journals that are mainly written in German.	5
A simple test for strategic self-citations without self-citation information was informed and analyzed for a group of chemists in Chile with H-index ≥ 20.	1
The first one is that authors being part of sparse and thin networks, with isolated co-authors and an effective control of the network have a higher research impact; while researchers embodied in dense and bushy networks, collaborating with the same co-authors all the time and a poor control over the network information flows, obtain fewer citations per document.	5
The three citation indicators are highly correlated with each other, and have low and medium correlations with Mendeley readership and usage at WoS Core Collection platform.	4
Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain.	0
The Web has revolutionized the traditional ways of ranking universities, and it has led to the evolution of a new evaluation culture.	0
The text-based data were transferred to QSR International's NVivo 10 qualitative software.	3
A total of 70 unique organizations are considered in the subject-wise list of Indian universities and research-focused institutions which have published more than 500 papers in the respective areas during 2008 to 2012.	2
Among all the burst keywords, the strength of the "motion prediction equations" that appeared in burst in 2015 was the highest, with the value of 8.6705.	4
This was done by entering the journal name into the Cited Work field and entering "2011-2012" into the Cited Year(s) field.	2
Here, Ω is a normalization constant that ensures that ∫01f(r)dr = 1.	0
In order to cope with this issue, we propose a new method for similarity measure, and the idea behind this method is that the direct associations of two objects should dominate the relationship measure, while the indirect associations should be eliminated.	3
Os objetivos específicos s?o: (a) levantar o número de artigos publicado por cada país; (b) identificar as características dos periódicos nos quais os artigos s?o publicados; e (c) identificar a nacionalidade e a tipologia dos publishers que editam os periódicos.	1
In this study, all journal articles in the SCI-Expanded version that were published by authors on the African continent were selected and analysed in order to identify publishing institutions and countries, and to classify articles as collaborative and single-authored publications.	2
To further help journals become transparent about their editorial policies, PREP generates textual material that can be used on a journal's webpage to foster transparency about its peer review procedures.	3
The multifaceted results surface that coherence of a research field pertains to complex concurrent processes and fragmentation risks that are not necessarily aggregating into one generic measure and degree.	5
What are the main scopes of forestry research in Iran, Israel, and Turkey?	1
Submitted: 14 June 2010; Revision Submitted: 31 August 2010; Accepted: 12 January 2011.	0
Starting with the third paper in the self-citing sequence Hirsch's parameter m stabilizes around a value of 1 when φ is 2 and θ is 6 and around a value of 2 when φ is 4 and θ is 3.	4
The paged_search method initiates a paginated search on the API.	4
Two interconnected wholes of capacities for dynamic governance of societally interactive research.	0
Figure S1 Plot of the residuals by year, topic and country of the cited papers	0
The results indicate that AI and Big Data practices are not confined to CSS only and are diffused in a wide variety of disciplines under Social Sciences and are made use of in many main research lines as well.	5
?This work was supported by the National Science Foundation, Officie of Planning and Resources Management, under Contract NSF-C627.	0
Nodes of the network are research publications, and the edges (arcs) are the communications between them, which are carried out through citation.	2
This study analyses 273 promotion applications submitted from January 2022 to November 2023, regardless of approval.	1
The final key suggestion was to collect preliminary impact information first, and then follow-up for more details only if the impact is relevant to the service.	5
In principle, data on the individual research project would improve the match, but these data are not available.	0
The primary objective of this paper is to examine the effects of dominant publication practices on work produced by authors outside dominant regions.	1
This formula is not only interesting for n = 1; also for small n it can yield better founded values for the weights.	0
The final sample consisted of 185,136 Scopus records with DOIs from 29 journals for documents of type article.	2
Country mentions were matched using the Python implementation of the FlashText algorithm (Singh, 2017) and a large collection of country-related keywords from Countrynames Version 1.12.0 (Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project, 2022).	3
We assessed the validity of the set of items using the Cronbach’s coefficient alpha [30].	3
Compendex, Environmental Sciences & Pollution Management, Inspec, PubMed, SciFinder, Scopus, and Web of Science) in order to determine which database(s) and database pair(s) provide the most comprehensive coverage in chemical engineering.	1
Using the Web of Science database, the citation classics were further identified by country of origin, decade of publication, and subspecialty of the article.	3
They were intellectual humility, open-mindedness, and intellectual perseverance.	4
An Internet search identified the top 8 orthopaedic and sports medicine journals, ranked according to their 2014 WoS IF.	2
When examining the relationship between the academic disciplines of PIs and of participating authors, or the analysis method of an article's inclusion of two-way linkages, chi-square tests were conducted.	3
The directory lists 40 research institutions across India.	2
The aim of this paper is to discuss the potential and limits of deep learning for gathering insights about scientific research articles.	1
Five journals in the field of Information Science and Library Science are selected as our research objects, including Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST), Scientometrics, Journal of Documentation, Information Processing and Management, and Research Evaluation.	2
It is interesting to note the similarities and differences between the rankings reported in Table 5.	0
Empirically, we focus on sociological community which is especially relevant given its ten-dency for the co-existence of different epistemic perspectives.	1
The main objective of this study is to identify some of the most relevant research in this field and some of the newest trends according to the information found in the Web of Science database.	1
We found that 68.32 per cent of the OA articles in Group C were obtained from the domains of repositories and 31.68 per cent were from the Web sites of the OA journals themselves.	4
To identify the universities' research outputs, we searched the names of the universities and their variations in WoS using an affiliation search strategy in the OG field.	2
The dataset consists of publications in 172 sub-fields (or Web of Science subject-categories) indexed by Thomson Reuters.	2
The remaining 10 journals, including Nature Materials, Nature Nanotechnology, Advanced Materials, Advanced Energy Materials, ACS Energy Letters, Advanced Functional Materials, ACS Nano, Small, Journal of Materials Chemistry A, and Nano Letters were used for in-depth analysis.	2
This article examines the extent to which existing network centrality measures can be used (1) as filters to identify a set of papers to start reading within a journal and (2) as article-level metrics to identify the relative importance of a paper within a journal.	1
The co-word analysis method belongs to the content analysis method, which is used to analyze the co-occurrence relationship and co-occurrence intensity of a group of word pairs in the same document, reflecting the relationship between keywords and keywords, revealing the internal structure and trends of a research field.	3
In addition, as reported in 2019, it took, on average, only around 0.2 year for AI preprints to receive their first citations, which is 5 times faster than 2000–2007.	4
When needed, discussion with a third reviewer (MVG) was used to reach a consensus.	0
Based on a corpus of all 3587 AIS basket of 8 journal articles over 20 years, we use the analytical framework to study whether the fast growth of the IS discipline resulted in a reduced coherence of the overall academic collaboration and the research themes.	2
The findings revealed that some parameters related to the study, authors, countries, and journals were statistically associated with the presence of collaboration between countries.	5
We finally removed duplicates and papers with less than five references to avoid biases in BC similarities.	2
A data mining based method that used the combination of both supervised and unsupervised classification is proposed for classification of journals and determining their ranks.	3
Roles and mandates of individual stakeholder representatives determine (and hinder) their access to (confidential) information, but also their visibility and accessibility towards youth as end users.	4
It is observed that the researchers from the USA (32.4%), UK (9.2%) and China (7.4%) are the prime contributors to these articles.	4
To identify network and keyword from Web of Science e Vosviewer software was used.	3
Patients rated the detail given in their prescription as 5 (+/-1).	4
This model will explain the apparent lack of epistemic novelty, and the similar lack of progress (i.e.	5
The treatment variable is defined as an indicator function that is equal to one if a junior researcher collaborates with an SC author during the 5 years after their first publication.	3
The top ranking for JBE in this study is primarily due to the large number of schools that included JBE on their IDJ lists.	4
Results show that arXiv and WoS share similar topics in a given domain, but differ in evolution trends.	4
This study not only identified the most productive authors, institutions, journals and countries, but also ran a traditional citation count using the VOS bibliometric mapping software tool.	5
a Subjects with no qualifier to collocate with are tagged as Not applicable.	0
In short, on the one hand, regular lab meetings are a pre-step to written communication.	5
Note that Web of Science in this paper refers to the database, also known as the Web of Science Core Collection, and not the Web of Science platform (formerly called Web of Knowledge) that includes other databases.	0
In plant biotechnology, the model organism – the patented transgenic potato – was of central importance.	4
The results show that social tagging, as a research area, develops rapidly and attracts an increasing number of new entrants.	4
All specifications include year of graduation fixed effects, and subfield fixed effects.	0
We apply a step-by-step manner to introduce the Granger-causal inference method to information science as four steps, namely conducting stationarity tests, determining time lag between time series, establishing cointegration test, and implementing Granger-causality inference.	3
The truncated regression analysis shows that innovation performance in Taiwan's EV industry is significantly influenced by energy management, data security, employee information statistics, and control over equity and board seats.	4
In his “Law of Triviality”, Parkinson (1957, pp.	1
The number of publications of a specific country was standardized by the country population of 2007.	3
Received February 13, 2015; revised September 24, 2015; accepted September 24, 2015	0
The article concludes with reflections on measurement issues and policy implications.	5
The main determining characteristic of a contribution good is that, although accessible in common (at some private cost) it can only be used by a person who has contributed in kind to its provision.	3
It should be keep in mind, however, that we studied changes in only one journal while keeping all other factors equal.	5
For frequency and centrality, the top-ranked disciplines are Information Science & Library Science, Computer Science and Interdisciplinary Applications, Education and Educational Research, Arts and Humanities-other topics, Social Sciences-other topics, Language and Linguistics, Business and Economics, Communication, and Social Sciences-other topics.	4
We aimed to quantify the scale and scope of publicly funded antibacterial resistance research across JPIAMR countries and at the European Union (EU) level to identify gaps and future opportunities.	1
We used TI.exe software for co-word mappings of texts (https://www.leydesdorff.net/).	3
The Indian Institutes of Technology, CSIR organizations, and Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru were the leading Indian institutions.	4
U.S. authors publishing only a single article indexed in Scopus tend to produce work that has a low citation impact for the United States (Figure 4).	4
The new indicator proposed to account for the different contribution of citing publications is Cv, which we measure as follows: C_v = N + Σ e^β·f(ci).	3
During the period from 1991 to 2000, RL ranked first in the evolution speed with an average of 11.121 per year, followed by ILS (9.765 per year), Medical Informatics (9.366 per year) and Environmental Science (9.304 per year).	4
This paper proposes a weighted generalization of the recently developed Euclidean Index.	1
Medians and interquartile ranges (IQRs) were calculated for the time to indexing of articles and for the age of unindexed articles.	3
To sum up, documents are the items that have to be clustered, weight vectors assigned to the documents allow to determine dissimilarities between documents in a single time interval, centroids of the weight vectors of the documents assigned to clusters in different time intervals are used for the determination of relationships between topics, and graph-theoretical tools are applied for the visualization of the evolution of the relationships between topics over time in time-importance diagrams.	5
The ability to move between countries is deeply rooted in gender, with female faculty less likely to access international mobility.	4
The change in five-year chase-slopes for single-author papers is illustrated in Fig.	0
Considering the key words and article content classification, current research may focus on the complications and treatment of AOSD.	5
My findings show that Pragmatic and Cosmopolitan perceptions, which promote deep engagement with China, are the most influential due to the opportunities China presents.	4
Keyword analysis in scientific papers is of substantial interest for tracking and searching trends within the branches of science and engineering (Choi et al., 2011; Li et al., 2009).	3
The common areas of study were categorized as cardiovascular medicine, emergency department administration, toxicology, pain medicine, pediatrics, traumatology, and resuscitation.	4
The methodology of the present study is consisted of nine consecutive stages, as given in Table 2.	3
3a) While there is no other authority in the map, other hubs are also minor compared to RAS.	4
This paper reiterates two core concerns that are particularly germane to PRTMCs, and then offers a new and simple way to mollify them.	1
To extract the idea inputs for a given publication, we construct a list of all words and two- and three-word sequences that appear in it (e.g., cimetidine, nitric oxide synthase).	3
The specific indicator we use is Critical Success Index (CSI) and is calculated as TP/(TP+FP +FN), where TP is true positive; FP is false positive; and FN is false negative.	3
In this paper, bibliometric analysis was used to study the development and evolution of publications related to Industry 4.0 and its key technologies in Vietnam, indexed in the Scopus database for the 2012–2020 period.	5
The h-index and the number of citations of authors retrieved from Google Scholar.	2
The number of published orthopedics articles increased between 2000 and 2011.	4
In the field of scientometrics, impact indicators and ranking algorithms are frequently evaluated using unlabelled test data comprising relevant entities (e.g., papers, authors, or institutions) that are considered important.	1
In contrast, the second parameter, Callon’s density, refers to the strength of internal ties among the keywords in the cluster (Callon et al., 1991); it is calculated as d = 100 (∑eij/w) where i and j are keywords belonging to the cluster, eij represents link strength and w is the total number of keywords in the cluster.	3
Google Scholar Citations was searched for user profiles using five research interest areas related to kinesiology.	2
The aim was to identify high-quality journals accessible to community pharmacists and determine the characteristics of those journals.	1
On average, five reviewers (a minimum of three and a maximum of seven) reviewed each grant application.	0
In conclusion, although the introduction of objective criteria for research assessment of scientists and research teams have had a lot of positive consequences in the scientific policy in some countries in Europe, in the particular case of mathematics the usual 2-year IF shows to be inadequate.	5
Data were analyzed using maximum likelihood (ML) estimation; it is considered an appropriate approach for studying individual change, besides ML, focuses on the entire model (both fixed and random effects); for our data, it created a hierarchical model that nested repeated measures at six consecutive years within journals.	3
Monogan registered his study and chose his analysis ahead of time.	3
The source for the project database was Scopus research articles and review papers published in social science journals in period 1996–2013 with at least one author from the 15 CEE countries.	2
Different topologies were observed for both research centers: fragmented or modular for the Wyss Institute, bipartite for the WPI-iCeMS.	4
It is that of using citations gradually to update an initial estimate (the prior) of a journal article's quality to form instead a considered, more informed estimate (the posterior) of its quality.	3
the “citing half-life” of the monographs) was calculated; but it was more meaningful to look at the distribution in terms of the “updating” and “normal” use of the documents (Line and Sandison, 1974).	3
As a conclusion, “Mohebali” is a key node in this map and play an important role in forming this co-author map.	5
Secondly, the publication-level system at the highest granularity level and the Web of Science journal-level system are found to be non-comparable.	4
VosViewer software was used to determine the co-authorship and keyword network.	3
In more details, active international collaboration before their visits plays a core role in the high research performance of scholars after mobility.	4
Data included articles' title, keywords, abstract, publication year, authors' names and affiliations and number of citations received.	2
This study shows that the scientific activity of Sports Sciences in Spain has continued to grow qualitatively and quantitatively in terms of the production of doctoral theses during the 2008-2017 decade, with an average increase of 9% per year.	5
Of journals with a retraction policy, 94% had a policy that allows the editors to retract articles without authors' consent.	4
With high power [1 - β > α + ε/ (1 + ε)], the Better paradigm eventually prevails [limt→∞ σ(t) =1], irrespective of initial conditions.	4
Authors' contributions Both authors contributed to the study conception and design.	0
Then we produced a connection map of collaboration patterns among Sub-Saharan African researchers, reflecting the number of network-articles and the country of affiliation of the main co-authors.	3
exploitative) behavior (March, 1991), hypothesized to mediate in differing ways between those variables and the two types of performance.	1
Both properties reflect the degree of interdisciplinarity: this affirmation is maybe clearer for [1] than for [2].	0
The rationale behind our work is that scientific citations are driven by the reputation of the reference so that the PageRank algorithm is expected to yield a rank which reflects the reputation of an academic institution in a specific field.	1
Author contributions: Zaihua Xu conceived and designed the study, analyzed data, and wrote the manuscript.	0
We observe correlation for each year between the mean of either ES and IF (range 0.72–0.86), ES and AIS (range 0.71-0.81), and IF and AIS (range 0.88-0.93) (Table S6).	4
These findings indicate reviewers equally attended to the theoretical and methodological details and communication style of manuscripts, although the effect on quantitative measures of the manuscripts was limited.	5
In this paper we explore how the advantages of holding research chairs intersect with gender—do differences in productivity and recognition between men and women that have been described in previous studies hold among elite scientists who enjoy the resources and status of chairholders?	1
Over the past three decades, research directions regarding Total Quality Management in healthcare background have undergone different levels and shifts according to the descriptive statistics for the number of publications by year.	5
Nineteen (46%) of 41 Career Development Grant winners later received NIH funding compared with 10 (12%) of 85 other award winners.	4
GS searches were conducted using Publish or Perish (PoP) freeware for automating searches in GS and outputting the results in .csv files for analysis in Excel (http://www.harzing.com/pop.htm).	3
This study aims to create a bibliometric profile of the Journal Computers in Human Behavior employing bibliometric analysis, bibliometric mapping and thematic analysis to identify its document types, the dynamics and trends of research literature production, impact factor, most cited articles, and large contributing institutions and countries.	1
Awakened articles are characterized by higher fitness, corresponding to higher overall impact than typical articles.	4
He was also involved on different efforts and initiatives to increase scientific research in Latin American countries.	0
Our rational author then uses Bayes' Rule to update those beliefs (about the causes of rejection) after possibly incorrectly perceiving the actual review signal from a peer review process.	3
Two popular metrics are used to evaluate the proposed method and compare it with the baselines: mean square error (MSE) and the coefficient of determination (R2).	3
When comparing the stability of QS and URAP ICT rankings, URAP results are shown to be more stable and compact.	4
The negative significant homophily estimate shows that the rank-based distance between departments tends to be low - closely ranked departments are more likely to exchange candidates.	4
In a computer language—I will use Visual Basic 6 below—one can consider a picture or any representation as an ordered set of pixels that can each be transformed in terms of their respective colors using the computer code provided in Table 1 as an example for the recursive case (to be discussed below).	3
PageRank, an algorithm originally developed for ranking webpages at the search engine, Google, could potentially be adapted to bibliometrics to quantify the relative importance weightings of a citation network.	1
The percentage of Iraqi universities after registration stage in Scopus is increased from 23 to 94%.	4
A draft white paper summarizing recommendations of the first phase has been issued and will be followed by the second phase of developing one or more of the proposed standards and recommended practices.	4
However, when it came to strategies to overcome these material barriers to interdisciplinary collaboration, university leaders appeared to have very different priorities than the academics who responded to the survey.	4
The first source is 300 tobacco-related keywords developed from the FDA CTP's key research priority and interest areas as outlined on the various TRS Funding Opportunity Annoucements's (FOA's), released in partnership with NIH, since the passage of the FSPTCA in 2009.	2
In UMICs and LoMICs, the opposite pattern is observed, i.e.	4
I would like to acknowledge the support from the National Natural Science Foundation of China under Grant 71103064.	0
Therefore, we extracted 580 clinical research papers from business reports pertaining to core clinical research hospitals that were submitted in 2017 and published online by the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare.	2
Bibliometric studies are increasingly being used for research assessment by involving the application of statistical methods to obtain the bibliographics for topic of researcher's interest.	3
The average RTP academic career duration is 13.5 years, with 46.7 total publications, h-index of 10.7, and m-quotient of 0.66.	4
Government information citations were identified across three types of articles: editorials, reviews and research articles.	3
This study has the objective of characterizing, in general, how articles accumulate Mendeley readers during the time immediately after publication, driven by the following research questions:	1
The analysis reveals that it is not simply formal scientific knowledge that is being exchanged but a broad range of knowledge attributes including, contextual information, micro-organizational capabilities and social and technical skills.	5
To address this inference problem, Fafchamps and Gubert (2007) have developed a network inference method adapted from spatial econometrics which corrects dyadic correlation of errors and also possible heteroskedasticity.	3
Received 3 November 2020; Received in revised form 29 December 2020; Accepted 25 January 2021	0
The aim is to clear up common misunderstandings and offer insights to policymakers and decision-makers in charge of defining how research should be evaluated.	1
In the following paragraphs, multi-authored papers without contribution proportion clarification are discussed in accordance with usual cases.	0
However, considering the significant number of changes in the content or even the conclusions between the preprints and their published version, quotations of preprints should be considered with caution, even in the articles published in the major medical journals.	5
Exploiting data made available by the 1996 Ontario Public Sector Salary Disclosure Act, we construct a unique panel data set containing individual salaries of tenured and tenure-track economics professors from 16 universities in Ontario between 1996 and 2006 to evaluate the relationship between academic performance and salary.	1
Present study focused in the area of Sciences through the analysis of the records from Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E) database.	2
Results obtained by this program have proven to enhance the efficiency in these tasks compared to other software tools.	5
The node number appears on the left, followed by the first author and year of the core document.	0
Comparisons between correlation coefficients were performed by converting each correlation coefficient into a z-score using Fisher's r-to-z transformation.	3
We observe that f(0) = ?1 and f(1) = ai ?	0
This study was exempted from institutional review board review by the NIH Office of Human Subjects Research Protections.	0
The outcome of this research are significant in applying tools available in graph theory and network science for describing underlying principles in scholars' research productivity and research.	5
In our examples, where we use the WoS as database we chose the WoS subject category to which A's journal belongs.	2
The US elites do not look down upon entrepreneurship as such.	5
We analyze the distributions of paper–paper and paper-patent citations and estimate the relationship between them, based on a 4763-paper sample among the top 100 researchers in the life and medical sciences fields in Japan.	1
To account for such an effect, we also apply a pooled zero-inflated negbin model with time dummies and dummies for Federal States.	3
The authors are grateful to Javier Ruiz-Castillo for inspiring us to undertake this research work and for extremely helpful comments.	0
We used Publish or Perish (Harzing 2007) to conduct searches for Google Scholar and Microsoft Academic.	2
The proposed method was applied to two bibliographic datasets collected from Web of Science.	2
Although English is the lingua franca in science, language is not a significant factor for the formation of collaboration for North American and Asian researchers.	4
Acknowledgements This paper benefitted greatly from reviews by Theresa Velden, Andrea Scharnhorst, and two anonymous referees.	0
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp	0
The highest growth rate of scientific products in the world was found in the energy sector (Research Area “Energy & Fuels” (E&F))–3.1 times compared to the 140% growth rate of the world document array.	4
The core data for the study is the research publication data from India during the period 2014 to 2018, obtained from Web of Science (WoS) index.	2
In summary, competition leads to higher rejection rates, but not to a higher average quality of published artworks.	4
In order to have a macroscopic view of publication activities about robotic surgery, the first bibliometric analysis was conducted to investigate the publication distributions of robotic surgery.	1
While compass points seem to have less weight, development remains a key term in all documents and interviews with over 2000 mentions.	4
By using 55 years of data, spanning 1962 to 2017, of Elsevier publications across a large set of research disciplines and countries globally, this manuscript explores the relationship and evolution of relative research productivity across different disciplines through a network analysis.	1
It ends studying the most relevant countries in this area.	1
Our regression testing is done on the log of the citation counts to reduce the skewness.	3
RQ1: Is there a correlation between the development of articles in the ECECSR journal and the changing priorities and trends in academic research in the areas of cybernetics and economics?	1
These findings prove the USA's overwhelming impact on allergy researches.	5
The idea that journal editors might usefully rely on random-draw methods has recently been proposed by Margit Osterloh and Bruno Frey (2020).	1
2 Standardized coefficients for structural equation model predicting outcomes in 2005.	0
2019), as their behaviour indicated that they prioritize self-interest, forsaking the best editorial and publication practices.	5
Citable, uncited and cited documents were statistically higher for OA journals (Tab.	4
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Median OA charge was $3286 (49 journals; range, $0-$7827).	4
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
For each publication record in the data, the DOI was used to lookup information about the paper from Unpaywall.	3
In the period analyzed (1980–2019), the search for the Scopus archive identified 861 scientific publications.	4
This supports our claim that the model and methodology presented here can be used to characterize the emergent nature of a topic while it is emerging.	5
Table 1 The 50 best TF-IDF terms describing the 15 cross-citation clusters	0
those with an additional affiliation outside the institute) we collected publications information from a variety of open sources including Google Scholar, personal webpages, CVs, and professional networking profiles.	2
The aim of this study was to measure the publication rate of editorial board members in their board journals and to evaluate associated variables.	1
In order to minimise visual clutter, we used the circlize package in R to produce a chord diagram plot shown in Fig.	3
Citation networks extracted from bibliographic databases are represented with directed graphs, where papers are nodes of the graph and citations are directed links between the nodes.	2
A sample of 9551 articles (47,467 keywords associated) that appeared in 10 major IS journals and two leading IS conferences between 1993 and 2012 was collected.	2
The application index cards for the NIH Associate Training Programs form the raw material for the creation of our dataset.	2
The percentage of eleven or more authors per publication increased~sevenfold, ~ 11-fold and~12-fold for reviews, editorials, and systematic reviews, respectively.	4
(b) What are the processes involved in making the resources available?	1
Data were retrieved from the Science Citation Index Expanded database, one of the seven curated databases within Web of Science.	2
G(N, A) denote a graph with N = N(G) as set of nodes and A = A(G) as set of arcs of graph G where nodes (t, k) correspond to topics Top(C)/ clusters C and arcs ((t, k), (T, l)) indicate that the corresponding topics are related.	3
?Department of Rural Health, University of Newcastle, Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia	0
The diversity of disciplines in UWS has slightly increased over time (Fig.	4
Figure 2 shows the distribution per year and by type of the BDTD digital repository information according to the definitions in the sidebar panel.	4
This can be expected given the similarity of the trend of the technological time lag for both the SB-SNPRs with s = 5 as well as with s = 10.	5
From the vantage point of research policy, we have also highlighted the fact that Finland's increased integration into the ERA can be characterized as a process of frag- mentation, raising another conceptual problem with the strategy of the ERA.	5
Our findings have important implications for the editorial policies of leading academic journals and the broader research community.	5
Initially, WoS, GS, and Scopus citation counts were modeled individually by negative binomial regression using the predictors of LOE, number of countries, number of centers, number of authors, month of publication, and impact factor.	3
authors and references, length of titles and abstracts, international co-authorship, and so forth.	0
When a PI has multiple R01s, spending remains stable throughout for interrupted PIs, indicating that there is fungibility across research grants.	4
Section 2 reviews the literature on S&T linkages and relevant analysis techniques.	0
When considered the top 1000 ranked authors, the maximum performance is seen by the q2-index, it retrieves 11.76%.	4
In conclusion, the result analysis by this innovative approach can help relevant researchers map the global laparoscopy research, and establish the further research direction.	5
The main strategy to differentiate these journals is to use the Master Journal List provided by Thomson Reuters providing all the information related to ISI indexed journals such as the ISSN of the online and hard copy version of the journals, the name of the publisher, address, and the coverage of the journals.	3
The more closely related the objects are, the more closely they are presented in the resulting map.	0
The findings were examined by a chi-squared test and significance was determined when p was less than 0.05.	3
A qualitative study conducted from August to November 2016 using a semistructured interview format involving both focus group interviews and individual interviews.	2
Bougrine for private communications on their respective work, comments prior to manuscript submission and making available the relevant publication list data mentioned in the text.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
We also found that even those from the GS who succeed in publishing in leading periodicals presumably had their education in the GN.	4
The insights presented are based on the author's personal experiences and observations over 15 years as a referee for numerous journals.	2
Note: The numbers enclosed in the parentheses are the researchers’ rank in the m-index.	0
We find that over 95% of prominent researchers across multiple fields had at least one of these four features in the first 5 years of their career.	4
The alphabetical order is determined first by last names, then by initials.	3
This result helps explain the “Hawthorne effect" as proposed by Bornmann (2012): i.e., the manuscript review seems to be dependent on journal specific factors under which the peer review process at the individual journals takes place (Bornmann 2008).	5
Note: P, number of articles that acknowledge the SFMN; C, total number of citations; CPP, average number of citations per publication; %PNC, percentage of noncited articles; FC, average citation rate of the Forestry Chronicle; JS, journal set–worldwide average in a combination of fields.	0
The initial search results generated 2491 bibliographic records for research articles, which accounted for approximately 91 % of all bibliographic records referring to HBPLE.	2
Conflict of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
It was rather unexpected that the average word number of titles in economics substantially increased 50.45 % from 6.898 in the 1890s to 10.378 in 2000–2012 (Fig.	4
TABLE 1 Academic authors based in countries categorized as the periphery.	0
By adopting the language and decision support techniques used by the business and financial community, it becomes easier for those outside of the research community to understand the value of peer review and the processes associated with panel reviews and deliberations.	5
Using an iterative Newton-Raphson procedure to fit the model, we found that single-reference citations are nearly 4 times as likely to contain a quotation error (odds ratio=3.97, p <0.0001).	4
In brief, profiles were generated for four biomedical researchers from the same field of research using papers deposited in PubMed, which is the full-text archive of biomedical and life sciences literature stored at the National Institutes of Health’s National Library of Medicine.	2
Next, we distinguish two types of e-mails used by corresponding authors of academic papers: institutional e-mails and non-institutional ones.	3
One can think of different metrics by which to gauge research leadership.	0
The second visualization of the graph "Relationship—Authors and Journals" shows the authors' connections and the main journals.	4
Thus, because the work distributions across different positions of authorship closely mirrors that of a geometric function with a constant of ?, the zp-index for psychology researchers might be most simply formulated as: zp-index = ∑n(In × (1/2)(An-1))	3
(key to the subject codes can be found in the Appendix)	0
Mother tongue/first language of the lead author includes 9 languages with 37% led by authors who do not speak English as their first language.	4
The FoR group applicable to our study was 'Forestry Sciences', which generated a dataset of 116,554 publications.	2
Hence, a new publication may gain a significant early advantage corresponding to roughly a 66% increase in the citation rate for each tenfold increase in C?.	4
Received: 9 July 2020; Accepted: 8 August 2020; Published: 10 August 2020	0
We demonstrate that the fraction of SBs cited by patents before scientific awakening exponentially increases.	4
Our study indicates that granting authorship is commonly used to reward those who produce and share data.	5
Table 2 reports summary statistics for movers and unmoved scientists, suggesting that movers are more productive and elder than their static peers.	0
More than half of the documents show that international journal paper is a mandatory requirement for graduation.	4
The bibliometric data used in this paper are from an in-house database developed and maintained in cooperation with the Max Planck Digital Library (MPDL, Munich) and derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) prepared by Clarivate Analytics, formerly the IP & Science business of Clarivate Analytics (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA).	0
However, across status groups, researchers also want to publish in order to support collective knowledge generation.	4
The analysis of collaboration networks also indicated the central authors and institutions whose influence on studies is expressed by the variety and intensity of the relationships established in article co-authorship.	5
If the h-index and the number of citations were the same, the sequence was sorted according to the surname.	3
In 2005, Jorge Hirsch proposed the Hirsch-index to quantify both the scientific productivity and the scientific impact of a scientist.	5
First, legal journals should demand that authors disclose the number of citations to the author’s own work and to work by colleagues from the author’s institution (i.e., disclose “self citations” and “colleague citations,” as we have done in our initial author note).	3
institution and the log of the probability of obtaining a faculty position.	3
The research question is how are academic selection criteria constructed at the meso- and micro-level in the context of macro-discourses of internationalisation and excellence?	1
We propose and test the intermediate mechanisms of number of collaborations and collaboration diversity as two distinctive capabilities that may explain how a research area drives a scientist's productivity.	1
The network was visualized using the Harel-Koren fast multiscale graph and groups were determined with the Clauset-Newman-Moore clustering algorithm [56].	3
In the study, we have shown that organisations involved in research in Chemistry and Life Sciences benefit most from such changes.	5
By classifying green OA hosts into subcategories of institutional repository, disciplinary repository, and “other,” the current analysis suggests that any actual green OA citation advantage, and indeed any OA citation advantage in general, is largely correlated with the self-archiving of manuscripts in specialized disciplinary repositories.	5
Table 7 showcases the performance metrics, including RMSE, MAPE, and sMAPE, for all three groups of researchers (junior, middle-level, and senior) across the years 2009, 2014, and 2018.	0
Therefore, based on the background of Chinese green patents, this paper develops an unbiased evaluation ranking algorithm to identify significant Chinese green patents earlier.	1
Box and whisker plot of data are shown on the left.	0
We used the "Publisher" filter of Dimensions to collect the metadata of all papers published by Technoscience Academy and exported results using the "Export for bibliometric mapping” feature.	3
(2) What has been the intellectual structure of 3D printing in the last decade and how has it evolved between the periods 2011–2015 and 2016–2020?	1
This paper seeks to answer these questions by studying individual return migration decisions empirically.	1
The keyword matchedness rate is affected by the funding rate of a specific program in a given year.	1
To give a visual representation of the relationships among the top 50 most-cited articles, co-authors, abstract-based terms, and keyword network map analysis were created using VOSviewer software, which offers text mining functionality represented as nodes and links.	3
This paper develops a framework based on graph signal processing (GSP) to predict scientific disruption, achieving an average AUC of about 80% on benchmark datasets, surpassing the performance of prior methods by 13.6% on average.	1
In this essay, I list further social costs associated with the current focus on quantity-based research products.	1
Additionally, an e-mail reminder will be sent in advance of the training course.	0
Data on the research output of the SNI members show the effects of this culture.	4
The proportion of papers with funding acknowledgments (PWFAs) for a given country is defined as the number of papers from this country with funding acknowledgments divided by the total number of papers counted for that same country.	3
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
The main objectives of this study are to analyze the research performance on camel research during 2003–2012, based on publications output, as indexed in Scopus database.	1
Therefore, we use the Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) of the PubMed system, which is perceived as a reliable classification method (Agarwal and Searls, 2009; Evans et al., 2014).	2
Spearman's correlation coefficient was calculated to test the association between both GERD and GERD/GDP in each country with both the number of articles published and the mean IF for that country.	3
The percentage increase of NIH funding to departments of orthopaedic surgery from 2005 to 2014 was not significantly greater than that of total NIH extramural research funding.	5
After the distribution of the online survey, responses were received from 227 individuals, of which the data of 151 were usable for this research.	2
While co-citation is defined as 'the frequency with which two documents are cited together by a third docu-ment' (Small 1973).	3
the publication portfolio falls in at least 2 different WoS subject categories (SCs);	2
The present findings clearly demonstrate a strong association between research training and productivity, but they do not fully imply causality.	5
We hypothesized that researchers with higher individual interdisciplinarity had more interdisciplinary interactions and were interdisciplinary brokers within the group.	1
We coded each reference according to the four categories established in the earlier study: monograph, book or part of a book, journal article, or other.	3
The other subfigures show that there is a strong positive correlation between the number of affiliated countries and all three selected bibliometric indicators (Pearson coefficient greater than 0.9 in all cases): the higher the number of visited countries, the higher the number of publications, citations, and h-index.	4
BROOME, PHD, RN, FAAN, § AND MOLLY DOUGHERTY, PHD, RN, FAAN||	0
From the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania.	0
In general, citations have a non-linear impact on perceived journal reputation and relevance.	4
Center for Studies of Information Resources, School of Information Management, Wuhan University, Wuhan, China	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tsep20	0
To examine changes over time, we defined the “1990s" group as those who completed their training in 1991–2000, the “2000s” group as those who completed their training in 2001–2010, and the “2010s” group as those who completed their training in 2011-2020.	2
James Walker is Head of International Business and Strategy at Henley Business School.	0
Two-proportion z-tests were used to analyse differences in funding between different groups.	3
The top Australian universities were ANU and Melbourne, each with around 18 per cent of Australian publications.	4
The purpose of the assessment method in this paper is to assist scientists to find valuable referential papers.	1
The relationships between all of these parameters and the Spanish region, the gender and age of the inter-ventional radiologists (IRs), and their connection to the university environment were also studied.	3
We further examined whether the length, the rounds or the lexical diversity of the review report contributed to the paper's citations, through regression analysis.	3
Hence, we formulate an alternative hypothesis, 2, which contrasts with our first hypothesis.	0
The resultant 9,033 bibliographic records formed our data set.	2
Starting in March to April 2022 until November to December 2022, the US, UK, and China had substantially reduced numbers of highly cited studies, and the downward trend continued until November to December 2022.	4
Ophthalmology is a mature subject and it is stepping into the phase of quality jumping.	5
Four mainstream orthodontic journals were selected from the top 10 journals in the SJR Ranking: Angle Orthodontist (AO), American Journal of Orthodontics (AJODO), European Journal of Orthodontics (EJO) and Journal of Orthodontics (JO) (Table 1).	2
Based on the analysis of multiple main paths, four main subareas have been investigated.	4
Hazel Woodward, The International Serials Industry (Aldershot, Hampshire: Gower Publishing, 1993).	0
This study focused on the reviewers of two journals that are among the publications of an international multidisciplinary behavioural science professional organization.	2
This finding complements the work by Clerides, Pashardes and Polycarpou (2011), who find that the rankings of economics departments in the earlier 1996 and 2001 RAEs are largely in agreement with metrics-based rankings.	5
An Excel spreadsheet is used to control and analyse the final data.	0
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
We consider the so-called normalised citation impact (NCI) i used by Evidence as a coefficient of departmental performance in a given discipline.	3
We calculate the productivity of each scientist in each SDS and express it as the ratio to the average productivity of all Italian productive professors of the same SDS, FSSN (normalized FSS).	3
Following the objective of analyzing the insertion and effect of Qualis in predatory practices, we estimate a control/treatment econometric model.	3
According to the data from the Scopus publication database, as analyzed in several recent studies, more than 70,000 papers have been published in the area of Software Engineering (SE) since late 1960's.	2
This study expands the analysis and investigates bibliometrically the development of the BRICS countries in terms of their contributions to the most prestigious scientific publications by comparing them with other top-performing nations in citation impact and network conductivity.	1
Each article from PEDro was linked to the in-house version of Web of Science database, from here on referred to as Web of Science, to retrieve the citation and affiliation metadata (countries, institutions).	2
The methodology adopted is based on a recent automated algorithm—introduced in (Franceschini et al., J Am Soc Inf Sci Technol 64(10):2149–2156, 2013)—which is applied to the Web of Science (WoS) and Scopus database.	3
This study allows a more effective understanding of the current state of sport entrepreneurship and sport innovation research and its evolution since its inception.	5
Although not definitive and oriented on the United Kingdom, the results give the first large scale direct science-wide academic evidence that journal articles written by international teams tend to be higher quality (from a UK Global North perspective) than national research, even after accounting for team size.	5
The specialized medical journals (1–8) display the highest mean scores.	4
The persistence factor is a binary variable that reflects whether the citation measures tested were relatively high or low over time.	3
For a given set of papers published by a scientist, we generate a topic vector, the elements of which represent the weighted occurrence of each topic (see Methods).	3
In step one of the analysis, gender, program level, field of study, enrollment status, and mode of delivery accounted for a percentage of the variance of 10% (F5,164=3.63, p<0.01) in plagiarism.	4
The advisory panel contributed immeasurably to the success of the Project and also to the pleasure of being part of it.	0
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
This analysis is based on Melibea [95], directory, and estimator of institutional Open Access policies of scientific production.	3
Publications about “breast cancer” as a research topic were retrieved using the ISI Web of Science database.	2
RQ3: How does open access levels and patterns vary across disciplines?	1
In Spain OA output is especially high in the fields of Arts and Humanities (28%).	4
An additional variable, aggregate impact (AI), was calculated as a measure of total research productivity.	3
Almost half of group authorships (46%, 19/41) were published from 2015 to 2019.	4
In the first period, the number of articles contributed by a single author was greater than the number of multi-authored articles.	4
The institutionalization of journal lists such as the AJG/ABS list within business schools has a highly socializing effect upon behaviour, regardless of strong negative views held by individual academics (Agyemang and Broadbent, 2015).	5
The bibliometric data of each professor is extracted from the Italian Observatory of Public Research (ORP), a database developed and maintained by the authors and derived under license from Thomson Reuters WoS.	3
The Scopus API was used for automatic data retrieval [32], Microsoft Excel, Gephi and ArcGIS for the analysis and representation of the results, see Figure 1.	3
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
The findings suggest that matching between scientists is subject to considerable frictions, even in the case of geographically-proximate scientists working in the same institutional context.	5
Funding was not associated with a higher citation rate.	5
Finally, the work shows that investigative alliances are confined to Spain and when they go international collaborations are almost exclusively with Latin American authors.	5
The findings showed that the number of shared publications had the highest correlation with citations (0.715) and h-index (0.735) compared to other RG metrics.	4
Due to the high rate of untweetedness observed for the retracted papers, Twitter, in its status quo, does not seem ready to act as a powerful monitoring mechanism to prevent the propagation of scientific (dis)misinformation.	5
The two main characteristics of OA publications are: (1) all published contents are freely accessible through the internet; (2) readers are given copyright permission as long as authors and publishers receive adequate attribution [28].	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—November 2011 2291	0
For example, when β = 0.1, Scholar 6 has the second lowest rating; in contrast, when β = 0.9, Scholar 6 has the highest rating.	4
The data were retrieved and processed during November and December 2017 and cover the period 1996–2016, which at the time of retrieval included all the years of data available.	2
Among them, the 7662 papers published between 2009 and 2018 were used as training data, while the other 1878 papers published between 2017 and 2018 were used for subsequent validation.	2
Finally, we obtained 541 and 1290 bibliographic records of papers by the Chinese and US LIS schools' researchers, respectively.	2
The top five countries Viz., USA, Japan, Germany, China and France account for about 56.77% of the world output in 2002-2006 and 53.17% of the world output in 2007-2011.	4
To do so, we draw on principles from the discipline known as terminology, which is closely related to the discipline of translation, both of which belong to the field of applied linguistics.	3
Partial least squares – structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) with SmartPLS 3.2.7 was used to test both the measurement and structural models.	3
Shoulder and elbow surgery faculty within ASES-recognized shoulder and elbow fellowship programs were included in our analysis.	2
We anticipate that our study can serve as a catalyst for further investigations on the science-technology-industry linkages.	5
In this article we explore a new approach to the problem of ranking journals with an h-like index within JCR groups.	1
Therefore, this paper proposes a new method framework to confirm the lead-lag relationship quantitatively between intellectual structures identified by the research grant and the research paper.	1
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
For x ∈ N, we interpret a(x) as the number of publications of author a with exactly x citations.	3
Considering the growing tendency of SS (Fang et al., 2018), this could suggest a disrupted change and a set of new approaches in the research published by the journals of this field.	5
Plagiarism was more common in the introduction and discussion, and uncommon in the results.	4
RQ5: Do the answers to RQ2, RQ3 and RQ4 depend on whether team size is ignored when calculating female citation advantages?	1
In this way, we may find differences in the deviations from the expected behavior between the whole set and a subset of universities that are selected on the basis of quality (in terms of citation impact).	0
The United Kingdom, the United States, and the Netherlands housed 51.16% of journals in 2022.	4
(2) What factors influence academics' knowledge transfer, and do these factors differ by generation?	1
Thus, this strong positive correlation relationship shows the power of altmetric coverage where sharing an article on social media platforms and networking sites enhanced the chance of reaching a larger audience and thus, helping the faculty members to receive more citations on their articles.	5
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
Thus, they could be used to reflect the wider impacts of books for research evaluation purposes, but only in cases where the book authors or publishers are not incentivised (e.g., by the evaluation) to manipulate the scores of their books.	5
Impact factors for each journal by year were obtained, and trends of each category over time were analyzed.	3
In what follows, one simple solution will be presented that provides more robust results, but is still sensitive to the cut-off point.	0
The distribution of graduate fellowships in the different fields of knowledge	0
From the Department of Dermatology, Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Harvard Medical School, Boston, Mass.	0
The objective of this study is to analyse how UK museums and galleries help UK academics to generate societal research impacts through evidence in REF2021 ICSs.	1
Motivated by its 40th anniversary in 2016, this study aims to develop a bibliometric analysis of the publications of the journal between 1976 and 2015.	1
Achieving a comprehensive overview of a multifaceted field like the science of science requires pulling together evidence from the many sub-fields studying science across the natural and social sciences and humanities.	1
In this study, the gap between receipt of a manuscript and the date of revision has been recorded as editorial delay (ED), and the gap between revision and its subsequent publication in the journal as technical delay (TD).	3
The third, which had been ignored until recently, is the consistency dimension measured by X/E.	5
Descriptive statistics, correlations, ANOVA, text mining and co-authorship analysis were employed to comprehend the bibliometrics features of the intellectual production related to innovation in BMA in LATAM.	3
For the non-collaborating scientist, h increases from 53 to 61 in 5 years, which is about one-third (h = 1.6) that of the other theoretician joining CMS.	4
ASEAN publications that involved regional collaboration are very limited with less than 1 % of the total collaborations.	4
Thus, the renewed interest in the 1985 Physics Nobel Prize paper is (at least partly) due to the interest in topological insulators.	5
We based our analysis on the Web of Science (WoS)database.	2
Three-quarters of all cited items were published within the last 10 years (71%), and journal articles were the most heavily cited publication type (n=65,760, 87%).	4
Mathematics, as a natural science discipline, and landscape design, as a biotechnical discipline, were clustered into Cluster 2 with the social sciences and humanities, whereas, in contrast, administrative and organizational sciences, officially one of the social sciences, and geography, as a humanity discipline, are located in Cluster 1 (see Table 3).	4
In addition, funding support is often incompletely reported by authors: in about half of the articles we studied, the country of origin of the funder or the grant number(s) were not mentioned.	4
We interpret the complete ensemble as the contributing publications to a certain breakthrough in a field: Without the various research from the contributing publications, the breakthrough would not have been possible.	3
The current study was a quantitative bibliometric analysis and visualization of research on mental health and well-being of students in the Arab region.	3
Using a highly selective comparative analysis of four national governance contexts, we explore how governance arrangements influence the dynamics of global research fields.	1
Data including journal impact factor, number of authors and citations, country of origin, study design, level of evidence, category, severity, and timing of correction of errors were extracted for summary and analysis.	3
The Helsinki Initiative argues that not-for-profit journals and book publishers, which constitute an essential infrastructure for making publishing in the local languages possible, need sufficient resources to maintain high standards of scholarly publishing, and to make a sustainable transition to open access publishing.	5
This problem is especially serious when the period of analysis is relatively short.	0
The author gratefully acknowledges the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research (NWO) for financing substantial parts of the building and further development of our bibliometric data-system.	0
In total, our sample consisted of 176 faculty: 104 Chilean and 72 Korean professors.	2
Conflicts of Interest: The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest to report regarding the present study.	0
Contrary to intuition, however, outsiders do not appear to uniformly exacerbate citation inequality.	5
Once candidate papers were identified, a full text review was carried out by three clinicians, and the following variables were extracted in December 2017: Journal name, year of publication, impact factor, h-index of corresponding author, citation count, study design, main manuscript topic, and country of origin.	2
To demonstrate the goals of this research, specific research questions are listed as follows: (1) What is the breadth, intensity, and speed of knowledge diffusion in LIS?	1
A journal's perceived relevance has a much stronger impact on the journal's reputation though than reputation on relevance.	5
De Marchi and Lorenzetti (Scientometrics 106(1):253–261, 2016) have recently argued that in fields where the journal impact factor (IF) is not calculated, such as in the humanities, it is key to find other indicators that would allow the relevant community to assess the quality of scholarly journals and the research outputs that are published in them.	1
In this paper we applied archetypoid analysis to the evaluation of top economists.	5
title, publication date, journal name, references), authors' names and affiliation (including country), and abstracts and keywords.	2
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
It then identifies potential research leads, among which unresolved challenges regarding technical aspects, markets and financing issues, and social aspects.	5
This paper furthers our understanding of altmetrics in social science disciplines.	5
I analyse how it contributes to various kinds of exclusions (Chilisa, 2012; Smith, 2012; Ssentongo & Draru, 2018) and how it can jeopardise the relation between research and social justice (Fassinger & Morrow, 2013).	3
The proportion of papers entailing international collaboration increased from 1.9% in 1970 prior to the Internet, to 12.4% in 1996 and 22.5% in 2018 (Olechnicka et al., 2019, p.	4
The results showed exponential growth of some 30 % annually between 2005 and 2011, with a mean of 14.45 documents per year.	4
This study investigated the relationship between publication pressure and questionable research practices (QRPs), focusing on moral disengagement (MD) and lab research ethics climate.	1
By Tables 4, 5 and 6, we can see that the correlations between citations indicator and altmetrics indicators in three groups are all less than 0.3, that is to say the correlations between them are weak.	4
Any further distribution of this work must maintain attribution to the author(s) and the title of the work, journal citation and DOI.	0
Although being relatively rare, DOI indexing errors should be considered by bibliometricians when querying bibliometric databases by DOI.	5
A collection of 796 publications with their metadata were extracted from the database.	2
This study utilized a between-groups experimental design wherein a sample was randomly split.	2
We counted publications by using Google Scholar while excluding publications with less than two citations and those that Google labeled as “citations.”	2
The integrated triple-helix governance model is promising because of the joint interests it embraces across stakeholder groups: First, it is in the interest of universities to preserve their scholarly reputation by being transparent in exposing fraudulent research conducted by their scientists.	5
Having eigenvalues of 4.52 and 2.67, PC1 and PC2 represent 45.17% and 26.63% of the total variance, respectively.	4
Our findings showed that social stratification in scientific collaboration, measured with the index of balkanization, significantly decreased from 1980 to 2009 in both the natural and social sciences.	5
The formal knowledge as positive samples was obtained from the MeSH knowledge base made available in January 2021.	2
We did not include notes and letters as source for the study.	0
Our main research question was whether the breakdown of the communist regime affected publication performance in terms of papers published in journals indexed in WoS as well as in international collaboration by researchers from the EE countries with those of the Western countries.	5
Note that we used only information from WA, WK and AK11.	0
Bibliometric indices, including numbers of papers, h-index, and total citations, were significantly higher for male residents and residents who pursued academic and subspecialized practices.	4
The overall similarity index (OSI), highest similarity score from a single source, whether duplication was from single or multiple origins, journal section, and presence or absence of referencing the source were recorded.	3
A few empirical predictions from the model presented here are suggested in the conclusions.	5
The second is based on the themes of journals that most actively published articles by V.N.	3
See www.eigenfactor.org/methods.pdf for more details of the methodology behind the eigenfactor algorithm.	0
Via my thematic analysis, I identified a couple of main themes and subthemes that researchers addressed regarding the impact of competitive research funding on science in good or bad ways.	3
To do this, and to select, characterize, and compare PREAs, we choose to draw on a re-framing of the notion of 'evaluation' along the lines of the classical sociological theories of social control.	3
Science linkage is a widely used patent bibliometric indicator to measure patent linkage to scientific research based on the frequency of citations to scientific papers within the patent.	1
It is essential to make Iranian researchers familiar with ICMJE authorship criteria and to encourage applying the criteria in scientific writing.	5
The results of our case study suggest that the clustering quality and knowledge map of the domain can be improved by considering the document similarity along with their co-citation strength.	5
To address this research objective, three research questions are posed: a) How much does the scientific community trusts the quantitative and qualitative scientific production of the five main countries investing in R&D as a percentage of their GDPs?	1
Finally, regarding the quality of radio research, academics are particularly critical when assessing – national and global radio studies as of lower quality than Communication research.	5
In summary, we found honorary authorship occurring in a substantial number of original articles published in Indian biomedical journals for several reasons.	5
Third, we calculated the proportions of SSH journal articles in WoS citation indexes assigned to the source journals.	3
For this purpose the python selenium library was used.	3
The second assumption was found to be more credible: this analysis suggests that the research systems in Hong Kong and Singapore are underfunded when compared with comparable and competing research systems (such as those of developed countries in the region and elsewhere).	5
The results showed that taking different base logarithms could convert the citations of the journal papers into an approximately normal distribution.	4
Two researchers independently marked each journal as 0 (not fulfilling) or 1 (fulfilling) each of the five principles.	3
This paper aims to evaluate the health issues related to urbanization and get an overview of urban health with the bibliometric approach, the powerful tool in quantitatively macroscopic analysis across multiple disciplines.	1
A surprising finding was that the expert panel did not include attributes related to the compensation and promotion of researchers, which are considered essential in the research field in universities (Barrow & Grant, 2019; Sadiq et al., 2019).	5
The time-trend analysis in the number of publications demonstrated slow growth from 2003 to 2012, with an average annual growth rate of +6.0%.	4
After 5 years, factors associated with article structure (e.g., number of references), focal system (e.g., methods papers), and visibility all increased citation counts of papers.	4
In this article, China refers to mainland China, including Hong Kong and Macau.	0
The objective of our paper is to explore the extent to which the research collaborations could be an impact on the scientific performance of academic institutions.	1
More fundamental questions about collaborations still remain unanswered such as recognizing "influential" nodes and identifying potential new collaborations that are most rewarding.	1
In this study, we analyzed the first-author research manuscripts that academic CT surgeons published during their residency and fellowship training over the past three decades.	1
The large switching costs I identify provide another potential limitation of project-based funding regimes: if researchers can only successfully compete for project-based grants by demonstrating their ability to produce publications, then they will not propose projects that require large adjustments because they would appear to be unproductive in the short term (as funds would be spent on these switching costs, e.g., purchasing new tools, and not directly on production, e.g., labor).	5
The probability of the overall period (1980–2014) was 8.3 %, indicating that the strength of the network was very low.	4
The study used the FACTOR programme (Lorenzo-Seva and Ferrando 2006) to obtain polychoric correlation statistics (Pearson and Pearson 1922) and to perform Principal Component Analysis (PCA) since these calculations were based on ordinal scale variables.	3
Faculty hiring among 44 LIS schools is visualized as a faculty hiring network, in which the edges are pointing to the hiring schools from the placing schools.	3
This function directly interacts with users and provides a solution of knowledge search and augmenting an existing knowledge base with limited expert support.	0
The databases selected for investigation were SciFinder, Reaxys, PubChem and ChemSpider.	2
The covariate (research career length) was non-significant (at α = .01) in this analysis	0
In total, 1841 publications were distributed among 111 countries/regions.	4
We identified 376 of their source publications that were cited by 5577 articles, and whether the source publication had a published CRPI.	2
This study investigated the bibliometrics of articles on remote sensing published by scholars with Vietnamese affiliations indexed in the Scopus database from 2000 to 2019.	5
In this article, we characterize the 1,080 OA journals and 7,331 subscription journals in JCR 2012 by 22 major fields, country of publication, and two- and five-year IF.	1
For Panel A, the metric is weighted number of articles (WT), which is the total number of articles contributed by an institution after adjusting for number of authors (1/N).	3
The overall response rate from the University Schools' faculty, administrative and other personnel in the ECQ survey was 49% (294 out of total 597 eligible participants): 131 (53%) respondents from the School of Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering and Naval Architecture, 73 (46%) from the School of Humanities and Social Sciences, and 90 (47%) from the School of Medicine.	2
The experiment was run using the software Webometric Analyst based on the formula proposed in Thelwall (2017) and illustrated via bar charts (Figs.	3
In this brief communication, we assess some of the methodological difficulties that have arisen in this context.	1
A manual search of titles was carried out in OpenAIRE, BASE, Recolecta, and GS to locate deposited full-text OA copies of the articles concerned.	3
This study's primary objectives include: examining the evolution of authorship in hospitality management literature by sub-periods; determining the topologies of a co-authorship network over time, assessing whether the hospitality management network reflects the characteristics of a “small-world” approach by reflecting the characteristics of social networks (Watts and Strogatz, 1998); determining the critical researchers in the co-authorship network; and visualizing the authors in the largest component of the network.	1
Received January 3, 2013; revised August 27, 2013; accepted August 27, 2013	0
We thus limit the analyses to articles published in years 1980–2008.	2
To balance the impact of these three indicators, we use a weighted average method to eliminate the imbalance between indicators and thus ensure data accuracy.	3
Second, shortest paths are more likely ended up with an article closer to the basic end of the spectrum, regardless of where the starting article is on the spectrum.	4
Concerning patent data, SciVal provides aggregate statistics of patent citations to scientific literature.	2
For all sectors combined, the share of papers cited in patents is 3.2% if double counts due to these multiple assignments are included, and 2.7% otherwise.	4
we used alternative metrics to characterize the most disseminated research articles in physical medicine and rehabilitation (PM&R).	1
*This is an extended version of a paper, which was presented at the 17th International Conference on Scientometrics & Informetrics (ISSI), 2–5 September 2019, in Rome.	0
The purpose of this study is to test for the presence of order-effect bias in journal ranking surveys.	1
What are the patterns of researchers' international travels (e.g., the busiest connections between nations or the most frequently visited countries)?	1
This changed to 25.7 after the first revision and became 32.0 after editing.	0
The new list of journals that accrue points has focused on those indexed in international databases that favour publications in English: Scopus and Web of Science, Science Citation Index Expanded, Social Sciences Citation Index, Arts and Humanities Citation Index and Emerging Sources Citation Index.	4
Our study used data from a database created by the Center for members to record their annual outputs and demographic data for accountability to its grant funder, the National Science Foundation.	2
The first research question ‘Is there is a hierarchy of researcher responsibilities as perceived by academic researchers?' was the first aim of our study.	1
Forth, the three criteria (publication in Science or Nature or high h-index) set by the authors as the criteria of an ‘established scholar' are debatable, particularly the h-index (Bornmann and Daniel 2009).	3
In an effort to address some of these concerns, we designed two studies, one citation based (Study 1) and one opinion based (Study 2), with the following goals:	1
Acknowledgments: We acknowledge support by the Open Access Publication Fund of the University of Duisburg-Essen.	0
Move back to the original system, and if one wants more national or international collaboration, reward or punish in a separate process, outside the system for calculating publication credits.	5
Shift in the publication trends, when analysed with scientometrics, could shepherd the Indian researchers and the dental administration to develop new technologies as well as policies that will lead to better scientific research and future.	5
Predictors are designed to predict if a MeSH term would become an emerging topic based on the topic characteristics.	3
The relationship between interdisciplinarity and scientific impact is explored by conducting a year-by-year negative binomial regression analysis with different interdisciplinarity indicators.	3
Comprehensive universities made up the majority of institutions studying CHL, while medical colleges did not focus on health law research, possibly due to medical schools focusing mainly on clinical education and not attaching as much importance to social and humanistic aspects of medicine.	4
However, we suggest that librarians and academics should not rely on the information of a single platform and based on the background of the researchers all three platforms needs to be analysed.	5
By contrast, China is showing rapid progress and a high level of activity, and seems likely to catch up with USA in the next five years.	4
The delay in time from entry in the PubMed database to indexing with medical subject heading (MeSH) terms for articles published in three major pharmacy practice journals was evaluated.	1
More details on the process can be found in Larivière (2010).	0
Interviews followed a semi-structured design, which adhered, though not restrictively, to a predetermined set of questions.	3
We found that academic OA journals account for the largest portion, at 83.4 per cent.	4
Our findings show a positive moderating effect of government assistance on the relationship between management that facilitates interdisciplinary cooperation and research productivity.	5
We designed a study to answer three distinct but related questions: (1) Is ML more accurate than humans at classifying scientific abstracts?	1
The mean citation age ranges from 7 to 18.3 although many groups have mean citation rates ranging from 10 to 15.	4
Researchers clearly felt confident in utilising testimonials, despite the fact that the questionnaires and interviews suggested when and how to obtain testimonials could pose challenges, and smaller numbers used evidence from research or evaluation itself.	5
The correlations between Gross Domestic Product (GDP) Purchasing power parity (PPP) per capita and publication productivity of countries on the topic of dust mite were investigated with Spearman's rank correlation coefficient.	3
We obtained our citation database from the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI), which is a part of Clarivate Analytics, and that has the graphical interface “Web of Science” (WOS).	2
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Secondly, the research output rank, global share and compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) for the twenty selected countries were computed.	3
The research hotspots of highly cited papers in the field of computer science mainly focus on algorithm optimization, isogeometric analysis, 5G communication, cloud computing, group decision making, etc.	5
Based on interviews with fifteen tenured and tenure-track biology and chemistry faculty members at the University of North Carolina—Chapel Hill, the OACE has very little influence on the decision-making process used to determine where to submit a manuscript for publication.	5
Robert Freeland, Saul Halfon, David Hess, and Kelly Joyce provided feedback to the earlier draft.	0
Our goal here is not a comprehensive review of all network properties that influence knowledge processes.	0
The number of radiological journals increased from 83 (2003) to 125 (2014) (all biomedical journals: 5907 to 8718, respectively).	4
Overall, a unit increase in log(AAS + 1) increased the log(downloads + 1) by 0.261 (95% confidence interval: 0.206 to 0.316) while a unit increase in log(twitter mentions + 1) increased log(downloads + 1) by 0.375 (95% confidence interval: 0.324 to 0.425).	0
This article draws on analyses by the authors on how researchers from developing countries (or Southern researchers) are represented in three areas of research: conference presentations, articles in journals, and citations.	1
An earlier version of this article was presented at 2011 annual meeting of the American Psychological Association in Washington, DC.	0
Results revealed that the means of the betweenness and degree centrality for males were significantly higher than those of females (betweenness centrality: p<0.001, degree centrality: p<0.05).	4
Results show that temporal analyses scale linearly with the number of records and file size, while the geospatial algorithm showed quadratic growth.	4
The data comes from both state and private universities and vocational schools.	2
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The results show that male authors dominate in the economics research field according to their high output and influence.	4
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/0737-8831.htm	0
The first form of data consisted of any institutional policies that related to research.	2
The number of reported studies had increased from 2003 to 2017 (P < 0.001).	4
Gender differences were not relevant to research performance across different measures.	4
Statistical tests of the WOS non-normal bibliometric data, using Mann-Whitney U tests, were performed based on (1) Carnegie Classification (i.e., R1 versus R2 versus Special Focus) and (2) the top 25 NIH-funded COP versus COP ranked 26-50 in NIH funding.	3
We use data collected in the ‘POMO' personnel and mobility study by the Netherlands Ministry of the Interior and Kingdom Relations.	2
Data on scientific publishing are retrieved from the WoS database licensed at CWTS, Leiden University.	2
These metrics were evaluated both with and without the most contributing faculty member to examine both the breadth and depth of each program.	3
The findings amplify the need for a wider discussion about fair funding support for open access publishing and the problem of high APCs.	5
In this study, we analyze the bibliometrics of elite articles selected by peer review and by citation count.	1
An m-quotient greater than or equal to 1.0 is a good benchmark for academic neurosurgeons.	5
3 One can achieve a similar but not identical result by typing just the domain name into the GS search box and then click "user profiles”.	0
The fact that fewer food industry employees qualify is actively used by the food industry to manage the credibility and ownership of their knowledge claims as allonymous science: the attribution of science assisted by authorship guidelines blind to all but one organisational frame.	4
In this work, we analyze the impact of collaborative research on an institution in a developing country.	1
Results were refined by selecting the Web of Science category of IS&LS (337,722 documents).	2
She also thanks Todd Bruns, Tim Dolan, Eric Edwards, and Stacy Katz for their valuable feedback on drafts of this article.	0
The policy journals examined here have become citation-worthy resources for scholars publishing in a remarkably wide range of other prominent journals not confined to economics and political science.	5
Applied to journal comparison, this minimum representative size κ might be used as a complementary index to the journal impact factor (JIF) to indicate a measure of reliability of comparing two journals using their JIFs.	1
This paper concerns the development and use of a new interdisciplinary graphical approach in the statistical analysis of complexity of sentence structure for scientometric purposes.	1
The revised list includes regular articles, reviews, symposia, teacher notebook, letter to the editor, and commentary.	2
Between 1990 and 2019, the number of publications grew 128 times (17.55%).	4
Structured interview was used as the main data collection technique.	2
To identify mentions of publications in online academic syllabi or course reading lists, we automatically searched for monographs through predefined queries using the Bing Search API and used heuristics to filter out irrelevant results.	3
The document types harvested at the BASE are carefully analysed based on the three tier taxonomy of grey documents classified by Adams et al. (2017), Kepes et al. (2012).	3
By applying a mathematical algorithm, the software ranked the references by value based on the keywords they contain.	3
The largest group of authors is (a) librarians with both faculty status and tenure-track positions with 457, which accounted for 27 percent of all authors represented, with (f) other academic professionals coming in second with 365, accounting for 21 percent.	4
Lexical variation was examined through computational analysis of word association and frequencies, facilitated by ManyEyes software (www-958.ibm.com).	3
As shown in Table 3, among the 21 DAP, nine were self-cited (DAP no.	4
This can be identified by using the metric harmonic receptivity index introduced by George, Lathabai, Prabhakaran, and Changat (2020), which reflects the receptivity of the inventions co-invented by an inventor for a particular field (indicated by citations from other patents in that research context) when harmonic credit allocation scheme (Hodge, Greenberg, & Challice, 1981; Hagen, 2008) is used.	3
A critical finding of our study is that the implementation of successful RI education is highly dependent on various individual, institutional, and system-of-science factors.	5
This does not alter the authors' adherence to all the PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
Any opinions expressed in this document are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of NIH, team members, or affiliated organizations and institutions.	0
USA authors account for 31.2% of the nodes on the network and this figure is similar to the proportion of USA authors in the total number of collected authors (30.9%), while there are 18.9% of UK authors on the network, and this number is higher than its percentage in the general author collection (13.6%).	4
Table 3 Descriptive statistics for universities in Europe (period 2007–2010): analyses at broad disciplinary area level	0
The findings confirm that this is the case, with an increase in academic influence leading to a reduction in the extensiveness of use of the AJG/ABS list.	4
We further find that the CDM universe is mainly constituted of three large clusters and for each of them we are able to identify knowledge paths going from the CDM and earlier cited papers to the subsequent main citing papers.	4
In the table the percentages apply only to those for whom the task is applicable.	0
The publications receive the most citations (3324) in 2018, followed by 2234 citations in 2019, and 1930 citations in 2017.	4
[8] used a com-posite index that is the sum of the decimal logarithms of 6 bibliometric indicators that include the number of allocites (NC, cites excluding self-citation; see [1, 9, 6, 10] for rationale), the h index (H, see [11, 12]), a corrected version of it (Hm, see [13]; it is H based on a fraction-alized counting of papers</TECHNIQUE> according to the number of coauthors), and the allocites by quality of authorship in three conditions: as single author (NCS), as single + first author (NCSF), or as single + first + last author (NCSFL).	3
RAI (Relative Activity Index) is calculated by dividing the share of a country's output in a particular field relative to the share of the world's ou-tput in that same field.	3
We leverage the Web of Science Core Citation (WOS) Database to perform a data collection.	2
Figure 1 shows the four quadrants of the Predictor-Event space following Peirce (1884).	3
It is also important to consider that our study was limited to core journals in the field of neurosurgery and a sample of authors (first and last authors).	5
This paper is concerned with the reconfiguration of national research and innovation (R&I) systems towards a European Research Area (ERA).	1
Raquel Moreno Nurse associate professor, Faculty of Health Sciences, Camilo José Cela University, Madrid, Spain	0
Finally, we performed an analysis of the document types of FAs.	3
To map these metaphors, and explore the nature of participants' perception of their 'discipline,' we identified key words in conversation and clustered them around the metaphors they suggest (Fig.	3
The raw text is preprocessed using the natural language processing toolkit ICTCLAS (http://ictclas.nlpir.org/).	2
Spearman or Pearson correlation coefficients were calculated to detect any linear relationships between the variables of interest, in which a correlation coefficient (r) between 0.8 and 1 was considered very strong, between 0.6 and 0.79 was considered strong, between 0.4 and 0.59 was considered moderate, 0.2 and 0.39 was considered weak, and between 0 and 0.19 as very weak.	3
We formulate five recommendations, which could prove useful for the future design and evaluation of comparable enterprises.	1
We evaluated performance using a nested cross validation protocol.	3
First, we selected all journals included in the category “Multidisciplinary Sciences” for at least one of the editions between 1997 and 2020 (n = 127 journals; “multidisciplinary journals"), according to data from the Journal Citation Reports.	2
1 Process of the selection of journals from Bell's and Cabell's lists	0
The data for this study included selected details from the public resumes of faculty members at SKLs in Chinese universities, as well as their research publication records.	2
Note that, in both cases, we take no position on the scientific merits of the issues discussed – our concentration is exclusively on the directional, destabilizing, or distorting, effects engendered by the funding environment of the research in question.	0
For all BRICS countries except South Africa, the value of FWCI is below 1.00, i.e.	4
Our neurosurgery department's IRI achieved the primary goal of rapid (2 years) exponential departmental increase in scholarly productivity.	5
The aim of our study was to determine the prevailing ethical climate at three different schools of a single university, in order to explore possible differences in ethical climate related to different research fields predominating at the three schools: engineering, humanities, and medicine.	1
For our primary problem, predicting whether a paper will contribute to its primary author’s h-index, we find that topical authority is the most telling factor for newly published papers, while the existing citation information is the most telling for previously published ones, followed by the authors’ influence and the publication venue.	4
Preliminary themes were derived during the analysis based on the focus group questions and then iteratively refined using constant comparative approach (Boeije, 2002), but also allowing the identification of new themes to the existing ones.	3
For policy and neuroscience, research multidisciplinarity are also negatively correlated with both collaboration prevalence measures.	4
In order to analyze the extent of instability among the various rankings of scholars, institutions, and countries, we selected a sample of journals, which are considered	0
This paper addresses the growing problem of retractions in the scientific literature of publications that contain bad data (i.e., fabricated, falsified, or containing error), also called “false science.”	1
This article was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant No.	0
This study chooses Web of Science Core Collection and Journal Citation Reports subscribed by Xi'an Jiao Tong University as the data sources.	2
The data are from the Incopat global patent database.	2
Interestingly, respondents from India were disproportionately more likely to have perceived the inclusion of an honorary author than respondents from other countries.	5
The present article employs a metric, the citation classic ratio (CCR), to calculate the size of the spread of citations between the classic and non classic articles.	3
We applied traditional radial and slack-based measure DEA models with weight restrictions where the outputs of the models are the citation counts from Q1 to Q4 categories, and other journals.	3
We used the CRExplorer [14–16] (see also crexplorer.net) to convert the Scopus download in the WoS format to import the full publication set in CRExplorer.	3
Data for the control variables were collected from the Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS) maintained by the National Center for Educational Statistics (NCES, 2009) from the U.S Department of Education.	2
The number of citations received is strongly correlated to the number of Mendeley readers and the total number of external links.	4
This article aims to assess whether a correlation exists between the traditional impact factor and activity on social media.	1
The overall trend and also the productivity measures of the Cuban scientific output in foreign and national-certified scholarly journals were provided, bringing for the first time real data on yearly output in both types of sources.	5
Domain-wise analysis revealed that the highest number of publications was found to be in the domain physical sciences (28.52%) followed by chemical sciences (27.7%), biological sciences (19.04%), materials science (13.06%), environmental sciences (7.08%) and engineering and technology (4.6%).	5
Finally, we incorporated a tag cloud and bigram analysis to ensure correlation with previous analysis based on the abstracts of his papers.	3
All in all, power resides where people believe it resides.	5
The USA is the most prolific country, whereas some smaller European countries may be more prolific relative to their GDP/ population.	5
More details of the COLLNET can get in the Webpage: www.collnet.de.	0
We collected three domain datasets from the MAG in machine learning (ML), computer vision (CV), and data mining (DM), and then extracted metadata of the papers published from 2003 to 2018 including author affiliation, venue, publication year and references.	2
Based on PubMed database, 11366 articles on diabetes in Middle East during 1990-2012 were divided to original article (72.44%; except clinical trials), review article (9.28%), clinical trial (8.71%), case report (8.03%), systematic review (1.17%), meta-analysis (0.26%), letter (0.07%), and editorial (0.04%).	4
Next, our third hypothesis was analyzed by applying multivariate linear regression calculations, where we assumed that the authors with the most publications have a leading role in the network, i.e., there is a correlation between the number of articles and centrality values.	3
In line with our general argument and expectations, we found that publishing time is negatively related to worthwhileness (β = ?0.21, p = 0.05) and justifiability (β = ?0.42, p < 0.01).	4
Data from 29 participants had to be discarded as they did not complete all parts of the experiment, leaving a sample of 47 subjects—26 for the hexmap layout and 21 for network layout.	2
The identified articles were further allocated to the Web of Science subject categories.	3
The present study gives an overview of Hagenmüller's legacy by using scientometric analysis.	1
In this study we compared the performance of 10 well-known local network similarity measurements with four machine learning models to predict future links in author citations networks.	1
For this purpose, the Web of Science Core Collection database was scanned for the period of the last 25 years (between January 1997 and April 2022).	2
However, it seems that their contribution is reduced to mere presence on the list of editorial boards.	0
The study applied a combination of a bibliometric and social network analysis methods to bibliographic data from Thompson Reuters' Web of Science.	2
To what degree do authors in the byline participate in different tasks in contribution lists?	1
This study reports on an analysis of the use of conference proceedings by postgraduate students at master's and doctoral levels in the field of information technology and systems at the Cape Peninsula University of Technology (CPUT) over a period of 10 years.	1
FI21/00149) from the Carlos III Institute of Health (Instituto de Salud Carlos III/ISCIII).	0
Information was extracted for each included article to assess for the publication year, journal published, impact factor, adjusted impact factor, citation count (total, normalized, and adjusted), reference list, authorship and article type.	3
Received on July, 9 2021, final version on December 30, 2021 and approved on March 20, 2022.	0
On the contrary, private companies gained on average +129.9±143.9 positions.	4
The ranked journal titles were divided into 3 zones, each containing one-third of the cited references.	3
Academic Center for Computing and Media Studies, Kyoto University, Sakyo-ku, Kyoto 606-8501, Japan	0
The two groups were compared in terms of the number of authors.	3
Therefore, the purpose of this post hoc case study was to explore the processes and experiences of members of an interdisciplinary HPE research team, each of whom are authors of this manuscript.	1
We reiterate that while the ε-index is an advance on existing approaches to rank researchers according to their citation history, a single metric should never be the sole measure of a researcher’s productivity or potential [39].	5
In this paper, we introduced network analysis in order to evaluate a country'spresence in the academic field.	1
Third, we address the dependence of rankings on size and subject mix by using a novel technique, called directional conditional efficiency analysis.	3
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
This objection seems hitherto ungrounded, as early experiments indicate that applicants spend an equal amount of time preparing their application as in the traditional system (Bendiscioli et al.	4
Select q percent new papers randomly as potential highly cited papers to attach to specific zones: the zone of a such paper i is defined as an interval of angular coordinate with center 0?	3
The data used in our empirical analysis are based on complete scientific bibliographies published in the period between 2000 and 2010 for all 12,164 Slovenian researchers with a research ID at the SRA who published in the observed time period.	2
Probabilistic matching is based on generalized Levenshtein edit distances and allows for matching in cases where titles contain minor spelling errors or only partial article titles are available (Wu & Manber, 1992).	3
We empirically assess this criticism by comparing public ratings of NSF-funded projects, based on their Project Outcomes Report (POR), using NSF's and Smith's criteria.	1
To do this, we mobilize a comprehensive data set consisting of archival data from Europe's oldest and largest funding agency, the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, as well as a corpus of 80 successful grant proposals written between 1975 and 2005.	2
At PhD-granting institutions, assistant professors averaged 5.5, associate professors averaged 7.0, and full professors averaged 8.3 in the past year; everyone else averaged just under 3 reviews a year.	4
This analysis suggests that many of the post democracy expectations for S&T and innovation remain to be addressed: how will priorities for S&T and innovation be set in an accountable manner; what coordination mechanism is appropriate and workable; how can CEOs of the PRIs be held to account; given the persistence of linear model thinking is the idea of an innovation system mere rhetoric or of substance?	5
On the basis of knowing well the main research methods, this study mainly employs two common visual knowledge atlas analysis tools - Citespace and Ucinet, used for visual description of co-word analysis of keywords and co-citation of authors, to clearly and soundly show the relational network between keywords and authors.	3
The JIF and ES metrics extracted from JCR, the metrics of CS, SJR and SNIP derived from Scopus and the metrics of H-Index managed from Google Scholar.	2
We use the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) lists of Thomson-Reuters as a source of information to analyse the stability of the mathematical journal ranking through the years.	2
Given the diversity of the MIS field, it is difficult at best to select a set of journals that is palatable to all MIS scholars.	0
The primary goal is to highlight the key benefits associated with multiple disciplinary research in understanding the dynamics of conservation problems in a socio-ecological context.	1
There are 22 disciplines in ESI, including more than 17,000 journals indexed by Web of Science.	2
In the aggregated PR3 set about 13% of the articles are in the worldwide top 10% class—which is now routinely acknowledged in scientometrics as representing highly cited research—or even in the higher classes.	4
Our analyses uncover differences in editorial and peer-review outcomes between papers authored by men and those authored by women.	5
c is plotted for several disciplines spanning all main areas of science.	0
Assessment of the measurement model, correlation matrix and square root of AVEs.	0
Second, the observation of evergreens calls for more research on the “longevity” of citation impact, in addition to the aspect of “delay” emphasized in prior literature.	5
Our results suggest that the annual rankings released by the USNWR might be a valuable tool from this standpoint, since we found that the CT surgical centers in the Top ten for several categories were indeed those with higher academic productivity.	5
Results from these two studies, one large-scale and quantitative and the other small-scale and qualitative, provide a much needed empirical assessment of IDR's effects on individual careers.	5
Overall, when we compare the developments in the rankings between the countries in the dynamic and fixed sets in Figs.	4
Overall, we have a robust protocol for identifying long-lasting research papers.	5
Overall, our research presents a generic analysis of representativeness and validity of altmetrics data sources and relation between citation and altmetrics based on discipline, publications date and Twitter user type.	5
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Results were refined by countries/territories with “Brunei” (Monge-Nájera & Ho, 2015).	2
Specifically, the high correlation of NI-ORG with AAG shows that the institutions with high normalized impact tend to act as guarantors for institutions also with high normalized impact.	5
As we near the second year of our public launch, we see a significant growth in downloads.	4
In the three datasets, the AUC scores demonstrated are around 80 %, achieving relatively good results.	4
Percentage of Board Members Who Published in One or More of the Thirty LIS Journals, 2007–12; Mean and Median Numbers of Articles Published in the Thirty Journals by Board Members (Both Authors and Non-Authors)	0
The analysis of scientific mobility is carried out by the program of search and data processing, created on the basis of original algorithms developed by the authors of the project.	3
The local and specific nature of organizational climates, as reflected in variability across sub-groups within individual facilities, suggests that, in terms of efforts to foster and sustain research integrity, there is more to be gained through efforts targeted to specific organizational units or sub-groups and tailored to the specific weaknesses documented than may be gained through the more typical policy application of global, “one-size-fits-all" type initiatives.	5
The research performance of each SEA country and university was measured in terms of the total number of publications (P), total number of citations excluding self-citations (C), percent of non-cited articles (%PNC), and h-index (Van Raan 2003).	3
The assessment form for a societal impact factor which is to be filled out by the reviewer.	0
The article aims to explore the studies performed on suicide because of coronavirus disease 19 through a bibliometric analysis.	1
It should be noted that for other installations with higher or lower energy efficiency and productivity, the results may differ.	0
The networks are assessed through a rich set of local and global graph statistics.	3
(2018) and further refined by Abramo et al.	3
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/11221503	0
Before discussing a number of concrete but rather unexpected changes, I want to start with a general observation from which, at least in my view, these all seem to follow.	0
Figure 14 displays the distribution of final review scores of the two systems.	4
A comparison of Tables 2 and 3 shows that China and the USA have broadly comparable numbers of publications for 2000–2009 but that the USA has over four times as many citations.	4
of each term t was calculated by taking the arithmetic mean of the subject and year normalised log-transformed citation counts ?	3
Comparisons between groups were performed using the Pearson chi-square test for categorical variables and the Mann-Whitney-U-Test for continuous variables.	3
5 Method 2 used a recursive technique to determine which database would add the next greatest number of unique records to the data set; Method 3 allocated the next database based on the original frequency of records in that database; Method 4 allocated the next database based on the DIALOG file number.	0
Regardless of what was in the literature the trending data at UC was worth reporting.	0
The apparent OA altmetrics advantage suggests that the move towards OA is increasing social sharing and broader impact.	5
Number of publications per document type, 2008-July 2018 (N = 349).	0
61st St., RR-119, New York, NY 10065; telephone: (646) 962-2640; email: keg2002@ med.cornell.edu.	0
Similarly, African and Indian researchers are not producing as much research output as their otherwise identical white counterparts.	4
In addition, the positive writing style of the articles explains the gender differences in research performance.	5
The OA status of an SJR-indexed journal was determined by the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) and the Directory of Open Access Scholarly Resources (ROAD) (Steiginga and Evans, 2015).	2
In this section, we analyze two sets of Chinese journal lists (see Appendix C): a set following the logic to discourage publishing in certain journals and one following the logic to encourage publishing.	3
This should also be emphasized that equal (1/x) assignment of authorship to each co-author is not the only and not necessarily the best method of fractional counting of the authorship.	0
Diagnosis and pathology were the main research categories (n = 62).	4
The study population comprises two categories: the Web sites of Sri Lankan state universities and the candidate contributors of university Web sites.	2
Through manual screening, reports, meeting notices, documents, solicitation notices, forewords, and so on were deleted, and 3259 practical pieces of literature were finally obtained, all containing author, author unit, title, abstract, keywords, and other information.	2
The study concludes that although there was a significant amount of self-referenced non-citable material in the general medical journal this alone probably did not account for its higher ranking.	4
Finally, we dropped a paper written in French and 71 duplicates indexed in both SCID and CSCD, and finally obtained a dataset consists of 4909 papers.	2
To gain insight into the countries’ affluence, we used an index developed by RAND Group1?	3
Since we found that scholarship interacts less with newspapers in general than with the New York Times (NYT) in particular (see Figure 1 below), we dissect the relationship between scholarship and the NYT.	1
This finding confirms part of our first proposition, emphasizing that as cognitive distance between disciplines increases, IDR's dependence on high-impact researchers increases.	5
The basic research design underlying the evaluation approach we propose is a quasi-experimental within-group design that models the full publication history of a group of researchers over time (Shadish, Cook and Campbell 2002).	3
As source of citations, the Scopus database is used.	2
The types of documents examined in this analysis were articles and reviews.	2
Taiwan had the highest total journal impact factor (2,142.81), followed by Hong Kong (720.39) and Mainland China (583.94).	4
Descriptive statistics were performed and selected parameters were analyzed with the Pearson chi-square or Fisher exact test for independence at the .05 level of significance.	3
Such discernible improvement in scientific production does not come at the cost of altering the research direction of beneficiaries.	4
In this paper, the OLS regression model is used for one-dimensional parameter estimation, the Multidimensional fixed-effects model is used for multidimensional parameter estimation (countries-subject areas-time periods).	3
Statistics for Macintosh, Version 23 (Armonk, NY: IBM Corp.).	3
According to normalized values, Greece has the largest number of papers per FTE researcher in this period with 4.05, followed by Slovenia with 3.49, Croatia 3.31 and Bosnia and Herzegovina 3.2.	4
In these figures, we observe that the configuration has the form of a spiral, where the most alike categories are often in the class with the highest multidimensional prestige of influential journals (see Table 4 in García et al.	4
Which kinds of publications are the different groups of users interested in?	1
We use the Essential Science Indicators (ESI) schema, which catalogues only science and engineering articles.	3
The CRF model is superior compared to the SVM model in both subjectivity/objectivity and sentiment polarity classification.	4
(NB: The original files have colour separation, which is not possible to achieve in the journal.)	0
In answering the question of which database was the better metric data source, it turned out that Scopus provided better authoring data, because it indexed more of U-MN subscribed titles than Web of Science, ranging from a low of 78% for public affairs titles to a high of 100% of pediatrics titles, compared to Web of Science, with a low of 47% for nursing titles to a high of 95% for chemistry titles (Table 6).	4
Finally, this paper also aims to map and identify the conception and evolutions of traditional knowledge-based natural resource management via the technique of keyword analysis.	1
The low publication productivity suggests that the university system in Slovakia is ineffective in motivating associate and full professors to conduct research and to publish in peer-reviewed journals.	5
Across 30 studies published in JIBS in 2016 that met our criteria, researchers proposed 137 hypotheses, of which 115 (84%) received complete or partial support, and only 22 (16%) were not supported.	2
The Analysis of Variance (AnoVa) is used to test whether the null hypothesis or the alternative one should be rejected, but the results have to be taken with a pinch of salt.	3
In this paper, the relationship between article visibility and the number of citations is investigated.	1
This section also serves to introduce concepts that will be alluded to later.	0
Specifically, we focus on the quality criteria used in the evaluation of the arts within performance-based research funding systems (PRFS) – national systems used to evaluate research outputs and allocate research funding (see, e.g.	1
The data used here are from the Web of Science (WoS) online database of Thomson Reuters.	2
The analysis discussed above revealed that our study has outperformed all of the three existing state-of-the-art studies on section mapping by achieving 8.96%, 21.77%, and 9.50% improvement from Ding et al. [8], Habib and Afzal [6] and Shahid and Afzal [2], respectively.	5
In our study, we exported system logs from the KMS to calculate the variables we used in the model.	2
Issue-based similarity (IBS) between two articles, a1 and a2, is based on how they cite a certain number of references with similar titles.	3
To see whether the phenomenon also can be observed at the level of a single subfield, we measured the median and average ages for astronomy and astrophysics.	0
To identify differences in clustering results, 3 types of visualizations were used: Network charts; A heatmap with a dendrogram, and; Venn diagrams.	3
Tables 2, 3, and 8 summarize the major results of our studies and suggest that JRME and ESM are the two most cited and respected journals in our field by a substantial margin.	5
So, our 4-year analysis covers years with maximum number of citations and we may expect our results to be reliable.	0
Using Gibbs Sampling to solve the model, the entire solution process is as Table 3 shows:	0
In total, there were 44 responses to the survey─representing about 20% of the academic staff and postgraduate research students in FEA.	2
As seen from the figures, Figure 5 and 6 show that the lodging studies network in the 1990–1996 and 1990–2001 cumulative periods was not yet that clustered and its density was still relatively low.	4
With that caveat stated, 1,350 different authors contributed 1554 articles, papers, and literature surveys during the fifty years.	0
A country is supposed to have a nested x-index of x if it has at least x institutions with x-index values of x.	0
We base our analysis on a set of data on flows of doctorates in Portugal over the period 1970–2010.	2
For Example 1, these relative contributions are illustrated in Table 2.	0
We observe that the subfields of featured review articles (FR) reflect the peer preference for the subfields as measured both by faculty interest (AMS) and hiring (H).	5
While Wiley and Elsevier account for 38% of the articles, the top eight publishers account for 70.8% of the papers and the top 21 publishers account for 88.7% of the papers.	4
While the findings of this study are pertinent to the ITAL reader, some of the terminology used throughout the study may be unfamiliar.	0
The data were collected off-campus so the researchers would not have access to content through campus subscriptions.	3
The results provide evidence that self-citations are free of bias in terms of citation density and polarity uncertainty, but they can be biased with respect to positivity and negativity of citations.	4
RQ2: What is the survival rate of journal titles in the last 30 years?	1
Bibliometric and altmetric indicators were applied to evaluate the impact of books, and correlations between different indicators were analyzed using Spearman correlation coefficients.	3
All articles 1996–2013 in the four journals (IPM: 1,117; JASIST: 2,315; JDOC: 523; LISR: 434) were searched for by title in quotes (after removing all nonalphanumeric characters, such as colons, except for apostrophes), first author last name, and publication year through the Mendeley API via the free software Webometric Analyst.	2
(3) The mentioning locations in policy documents can be divided into twelve categories, expounding (47.4%) and review (22.6%) are the core mentioning locations.	4
The Altmetric Explorer advanced search tool was used for article grouping.	3
Moreover, the quartile of the IF distribution for LIS journals, as assigned by the 2018 version of JCR, was recorded.	3
We find that merging events are highly correlated with inter-TC connections, making it possible to statistically predict merging events, while splitting events are more complex, as they are weakly correlated with the sizes or internal structures of the TCs.	5
This section presents a short overview of the two methods on which our methodology is based.	0
They are coercive citation, review articles, editorials, and online queuing.	1
After obtaining approval from the institutional review board, we sent an invitation via email to 260 communication scholars whose research output was captured in a previous study examining scholarly research productivity in the communication discipline's core journals (Griffin et al. 2018).	2
A bibliometric ranking ≈ satisfies conditions C1 and C2 if and only if (iff), for all a, b ∈ A, a b?ft(a) ≥ft(b), for some τ∈ N.	4
Global trends in coastal flooding research were evaluated using bibliometric analysis of publications, institutions, countries, science categories, and key- words.	1
We ran a nonparametric, one-sample binomial test to find if the aggregated citation categories below and above the journals' medians had different probabilities than the expected .5 (Table 3).	3
Of the existing rankings, Leiden and Scimago provide the best research data in terms of social science.	5
The primary objective of this study was to compare the academic productivity and publication impact of Canadian general surgeons without advanced degrees to those with master's or PhD training.	1
I will wrap up the paper by briefly discussing some thoughts about testimonial justice related to the OA APC and scholarly communication between the Global North and South.	0
In counterpoint, we demonstrate that the collaboration pattern for countries in Africa is far from universal.	1
Received: 25 October 2018 / Received in final form: 5 May 2019 / Accepted: 23 September 2019	0
The coupling between reflexivity and trans-disciplinarity is further indicated by the background of many of the researchers, crossing of disciplinary boundaries and network environments.	5
To identify variables that might predict the classification of the documents as open access or not, a CRT (classification and regression) decision tree was conducted in SPSS 21.	3
The first peak is related to 1954 with 149 total references.	4
A total of 263 URLs were located, of which 25.1 % (66 URLs) are national, while the remaining 74.9 % (197) belong to the 19 regions, of which Catalonia, with 17.5 % (46), Andalusia, with 8.7 % (23) and the Canary Islands, with 7.6 % (20), stand out in particular.	4
These posts generated 10,500 impressions and 345 engagements (140 likes, 41 shares and 164 clicks) in Twitter and 613 impressions and 131 engagements (51 likes, 41 shares and 39 clicks) in Facebook, corresponding to a 3.3 and 21.4% engagement rate, respectively.	4
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content in a trusted digital archive.	0
In conclusion, this study was aimed primarily at improving the way journal rankings are being used.	5
This all emphasizes the critical role of productivity in researcher performance capacity estimation.	5
Multivariate modeling was conducted in Stata (StataCorp, 2015).	3
Author's address: Institute for Research in Social Science, The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Manning Hall 026A, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514, USA.	0
The findings from the analysis, thus, comprehensively illustrate the research trend and development of ED in SM.	5
The simulation results indicate that CORE reveals inner patterns of scientific collaboration: senior scholars have broad collaborative relationships and fixed collaboration patterns, which are the underlying mechanisms of team assembly.	4
This article introduces an iterative ranking algorithm based on the direct influence between each pair of a list of journals.	1
Address: 1Division of Biomedical Health Informatics, University of Washington, USA, 2Department of Pediatrics, Department of Computer Science and Engineering, University of Washington, Seattle, Washington, USA and 3Department of Microbiology, University of Washington, Seattle, Washington, USA	0
The study found much greater scepticism toward adopting SNS than previously reported.	4
To ascertain the number of times a book is later cited in other books, I used Google Books (www.books.google.com).	3
In recent years, two new bibliographic databases have been introduced, which can be used to study growth processes in science from centuries back: Dimensions from Digital Science and Microsoft Academic.	2
It is possible to observe a division between the first four and the last four strategies in every characteristic, including the impact they produce.	4
Herein we (re)define the impact prediction problem by addressing a related question, namely: “which of my papers will increase my (future) h-index?”	1
The results we have described in Sections 4.2 and 4.3 highlight the value of accessing international knowledge sources, but their policy implications warrant further discussion.	5
In all data sets before 2015, solo research from Russia has higher average impact than does collaborative research and the overall trend seems to be that Russian national collaboration is somewhat disadvantageous from the perspective of attracting citations, although additional authors after the fourth or fifth start to increase the average citation rate.	4
80 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE - March 1988	0
This study investigates academic reactions to the structure and organization of research at four leading Vietnamese universities.	1
Six indicators (total citations, h-index, citations per publication, publication counts, scientific age, and academic rank) are selected as the covariates to construct the models.	3
For reviews in which the reviewer recommended "reject,” we coded for alignment between reviewers' comments to the editor and to authors.	3
To conclude, Type 1 and Type 2 reasoning appear to be used by mathematicians when refereeing proofs.	5
More specifically, we focus on understanding to what extent factors other than scientific quality and merit, influence the outcome of the selection and funding of agricultural research project proposals.	1
This study examined research productivity and academic impact using h-indexes for a sample of 112 Australian social work researchers according to the stage of their career.	1
In the case of the first indicator, 69.58% (N = 485) of authors are male and 30.42% (N = 212) are female, both in single and multiple authorship (see Table 1).	4
This approach juxtaposes and compares evaluator responses during two sets of interviews; one conducted with evaluators before the evaluation begins (pre-evaluation), and then another after the evaluation is complete (post-evaluation).	3
Thus, we can conclude that the real question is no longer whether either methodology is better at assessing the scholarly impact of a given research product, but rather what sorts of trade-offs exist between accuracy and timeliness of research evaluation or, in other words, what decision makers want to evaluate and how long they are willing to wait in order to make accurate, informed decisions.	5
The three datasets were merged based on article DOIs.	3
(with Guillaume, Lambiotte, Lefebvre), Clauset, Moore on large and complex networks, community detection and clustering.	0
These results suggest the importance of early-career collaboration of researchers in their success.	5
The maximum h-index of the author group emerged as strongly predictive of citation, with a weight approaching that of the number of authors in the 2-50 author dataset, and far surpassing it in the 3-7 case.	5
The fact that almost all countries are plotted in one curve close to the theoretical upper limit 1 - 1/R (solid line) implies that distribution of subject follows one universal statistical pattern for all countries, i.e.	4
Relative Funding (RF) is similarly defined as the cumulative funding of NSC projects divided by the aggregated funding of similar kind of projects funded by ERC.	3
Source of funding No funds were received in support of this study.	0
A sample of 30 Russian universities, including participants in Project 5-100 and a control group of institutions with similar characteristics, was used.	2
Hip joint related articles were identified and the hundred most cited selected for subsequent analysis of citation count, current citation rate, citation density (citations/article age), authorship, geographic origin institution, and level of evidence (LOE).	3
We focused in particular on the recognition of megajournals by authors who publish in top-tier journals and vice versa.	1
For more detailed information, we refer the reader to the original article.	0
As showed in Table 1, the network density of six stages during 1998–2015 gradually decreased over time until it reached equilibrium.	4
Thanks are also due to Thomson Reuters for providing us with access to the data.	0
In this article, we attempt to reconcile the conflicting findings in prior work by estimating the effect of research spending on university knowledge production directly.	1
Because of economic differences within the G-20 countries, the gross national income (GNI) per capita was taken into consideration [4].	2
There are a total of 6,822 citations that cited LDA from 2003 to 2015.	2
To select patents from the PATSTAT database, we used the retrieving strategy listed in Table 4, separated into three groups, and integrated into the final retrieving strategy.	2
The experimental results show that in the triangular citation structure, language differences, literature types, discipline differences, and author self-citation are all influencing factors for the indirect citation exerted by follower C.	5
The analysis encompassed various characteristics of the published papers, such as citation status, number of authors, sample size, page count, number of references, year of publication, type of paper, scope of the paper's title, study design, number of articles by the first and corresponding authors in Scopus, h-indices of the first and corresponding authors in Scopus, and nationality of the first and corresponding authors.	2
Epidemiology is the most influential category over the last 25 years with the highest number of citations, cita tions per paper, h-index and the largest number of arti cles among the 200 most cited before and after 1990.	4
In this study, we use the iterative algorithm provided by Ciglari? (2017) that removes a single edge at a time by maximizing the network clustering coefficient (Newman, Strogatz, & Watts, 2001), while ensuring that the resulting skeleton remains connected.	3
The results of the regression models show that the corre- lation between collaboration activities and faculty members' ratings is weak.	4
In order to construct the social network of Iranian researchers' co- authorship, all the files were merged together and one file containing all 6009 records was created, then by using Coauthor.exe, UCINET [15] and NETDRAW [16] software the co-authorship map was drawn and the analysis was carried out based on social network analysis measures such as centrality (closeness and betweenness etc.).	3
The percentage of republished conference proceedings is higher than that for journal documents until 2008.	4
The questionnaire was started by 160 people, but only 104 completed questionnaires were received and analyzed.	2
For details see the Supplementary Table S2 and Sīle et al.	0
The 'contribution good' specification suggests several areas for further research in the new economics of science and provides a modified analytical framework for approaching public policy.	5
Region was the only significant factor for mean percent change in funding from 2009–2018, with the Western region showing a 33.79% increase in purchasing power.	4
We find that highly disruptive papers tend to receive a higher number of citations than average.	4
Therefore, the percentage of authors who respond to our survey was 13.64 %.	0
After collecting and preprocessing the data, we finally identified a total of 397 faculty from the official websites of the respective institutions, including 158 males and 241 females.	2
We named this analysis method as the Inventor Patent Classification-Coupling Analysis, IPCCA for short.	3
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.	0
We also find that interdisciplinary teams use greater division of labor, although this effect depends on the degree to which interdisciplinarity is intra- versus inter-personal.	4
Focusing on the 2,929 SSRN papers, we calculate that the prepublication rate is 83.41%, as shown in Figure 1 (i.e., 2,487 papers were posted on SSRN prior to final acceptance).	4
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
The data and the map of these flows provide insights to support a tentative taxonomy of global innovation networks.	5
Although the chemical engineering undergraduate curriculum shares the basics of physics and mathematics with other engineering disciplines, we cite more journals in chemistry.	5
The Mean Normalised Log Citation Score (MNLCS; Thelwall, 2017) was calculated for each consortium to assess whether it produced research with a citation impact above the world average.	3
Both retraction notices and RP are published between 1980 and 2013 and indexed in WoS or PubMed (Schmidt, 2018).	2
As the term Industry 4.0 was first introduced publicly in 2011 (Gilchrist, 2016), we limited our search for the 2012–2020 period.	2
1, the data used in this study were collected from two sources: arXiv (https://arxiv.org/) and Semantic Scholar (https://www.semanticscholar.org/).	2
Fruchterman Rheingold default layout algorithm in Gephi 0.9.1, a data visualization and manipulation software, was also used to visualize the network and relationships of collaboration among countries, and institutions.	3
This article has explored the relationship between IDR and the production of knowledge related to local issues.	5
Overall, the quality of urology/nephrology research is considered relatively high as measured by h-index.	5
1 Numbers of the most frequently cited articles published from 1990 to 2009	0
This paper analyzes the relationship between researchers’ early-career participation in joint research and their success in obtaining research funding in the future.	5
For the purpose of the analysis, we manually assigned each of the 1000+scientific units according to their Joint Evaluation Group and type of science to one of the six Fields of Science and Technology of the OECD fields.	3
More indirectly, 243 out of 9,974 publications citing ALBA publication (P1 publications) have contributed to developing 337 patent documents of level 1 (Pat1).	4
Our interview with tenured interdisciplinary scholars in the humanities (e.g., English, History, Philosophy) reveals that interdisciplinary research requires extra cognitive effort and additional time to produce.	4
Using data for a sample of 2,132 individuals, we examine the characteristics of the sociology faculty and departments that ranked highest on any of four measures of publishing productivity over the 2013-2017 period.	1
* Total papers (TP) are the total number of papers in the study.	0
The USA and the UK rank first and second in both time-periods, with a small increase in the number of publications from both countries.	4
The study highlights the specific context of the scientific system in South Africa with its characteristics features of productivity and collaboration and shows how they are structurally facilitated and hindered.	1
Download statistics as collected by UCL Press from all known hosting locations.	2
Search String Used “TS=Organic Farming AND CU=India” and the publication date range was set from 2001 to 2021.	2
The top-cited articles were published mainly by orthodontic journals.	4
A factor analysis is applied to the 466 categories for the new grouping, simplifying it to 35 'macro patent categories' or technology areas.	3
Through this phase; data analysis conducted manually based on content analysis through which simultaneously open coding, main concepts were extracted.	3
Then a 'swan-groups' model is introduced for extending the model of 'black-white swans' from science fields to social science fields (Zhang et al. 2019), as shown in Fig.	3
A bibliometric ranking satisfies conditions C1 and C3 iff, for all a, b ∈ A, abfo(a) ≥fo(a).	4
All sampled grants and publications were linked via the link tables (“LINK TABLES” tab) offered by NIH.	2
In this paper, we perform an extensive analysis of six normalized indicators of the target or cited-side variety, and assess their performance in the citation distribution for all articles in all fields – the all-fields case – using the IDCP method.	1
Ultimately, we collected three datasets: the raw downloads dataset, DataSet 1; the absolute downloads dataset, DataSet 2; and the normalized downloads dataset, DataSet 3.	2
Our second measure, Flesch_Reading_Ease, is motivated by the findings in Hengel (2020), which shows that female economists tend to use clearer and more readable language in their journal articles.	3
As one concentration index, the Gini coefficient of the SCI has been calculated, which is arguably the most popular inequality index.	3
Using the Journal Citation Reports and Web of Science, OHNS journals were selected and assessed for the content of citation classics.	3
In order to fuse the tripartite citations, we refer to the normalized weighted direct citations (NWDC) (Persson, 2010), which aims to integrate direct citation strength with the normalization of co-citation and bibliographic-coupling strengths into one new citation strength.	3
By comparing the relationship of ACR and PCR, a particular phenomenon was observed, in which only PCR existed among scholars without ACR in the field of scientometrics, such as among Bonitz M, Nagpaul PS, Mccain KW, and Eto H.	5
The awakenings and the flash in the pan occurred in conjunction with important milestones in the history of adhesive dentistry [15].	4
All medical students who conducted their research project between 2008 and 2018 (n=2329) were included.	2
We use citation density plots and Gini coefficients to gauge trends in citation imbalance and concentration.	3
The CiteScoreJ(Y) for a certain J and Y can be found in Scopus.	2
These findings highlight the importance of supporting diverse approaches and independence in research, and of building institutions that log failures as well as successes in order to accelerate collective advancement.	5
It seems evident that uncertainty about the appropriateness of a topical structure constructed by a topic extraction approach cannot be removed.	5
The study results showed that H-index was not perfect indicator of academic promotion.	5
The statistically significant differences in the distribution of citation functions between NS and SSH citing articles were identified based on the Chi square test p value (.045).	4
The impact of a manuscript Φ is defined in a way that excludes self-citations of any kind.	5
Abbreviations: IF – impact factor, WoS – Web of Science, Equation – Eq.	0
The primary objective of this study was to determine whether Altmetric score, number of reads, and citations for paediatric cardiology manuscripts correlate with one another.	1
The publishing behaviour may differ in other scholarly disciplines and other Arabic countries.	5
Conclusion: We think that evaluating the academic publications by altmeric analysis in addition to traditional bibliometric analysis will be beneficial because AAS can give us information especially about what the population wants to know about the malnutrition and by this way we can develop appropriate policies.	5
Also, countries that do use a formalized evaluation system either have a supra-institutional database, quality labels for publishers and/or publisher rankings in place to harmonize the evaluations.	4
In this study we examine the relationship between academic inbreeding and research performance in Australian law schools.	1
The seven marker papers in Table 1 have been cited by 4,340 publications that are indexed in the WoS (date of search: 2 November 2021).	2
Using the Spearman rank correlation coefficient, we evaluated the strength and direction of the linear relationship between the impact factor of the journal and the number of top 100 cited articles included in the list.	3
VOSviewer was used to conduct co-occurrence analysis of the title and abstract content of publications, specifically focusing on RCTs related to insulin resistance.	3
In this regard, the authors of the present paper have carried out quantitative research among the two target groups within the doctoral schools of economic sciences affiliated with the Universitaria Consortium in Romania, respectively, PhD students and doctoral supervisors.	2
Four different factors were finally extracted, as depicted in Table 3.	4
The most commonly identified errors were page number errors (44.8%) and misspelling of an author's name (20.2%).	4
There were a total of 1,138,392 articles in 2009.	4
For the doctoral students who have attained relative excellence during their education, the probability of future excellence in research increases quite rapidly for each additional publication when the total number of publications is larger than five.	4
Multiple approaches all leading to the same conclusion are more persuasive than only using one approach.	3
The numbers of radiological animal studies markedly increased, from 91 in 1994 to 163 in 2004 and to 305 in 2014.	4
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.17269/s41997-020-00411-5) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
The analysis mainly covers three perspectives: a general statistical analysis based on the total number of publications and citations, co-citation networks analysis, and co-occurrence networks of keywords.	5
In sum, the notions of peer review as a meritocratic system and the twin concept of equality of opportunity infer a set of basic rights for manuscript submitters who participate in the system, such that as part of the terms and conditions of participation in the competitive peer-review system, manuscript submitters have a right to an objective peer-review process.	4
This study reconstructs the discovery process using data on all major discoveries, which encompasses all 533 Nobel Prize-winning discoveries in science (from the first year of the prize in 1901 to 2022).	2
Finally, for the entire coauthorship network, the average path length of 5.8287 reveals the prevalence of the six degrees of separation among people: Milgram's phenomenon (Milgram, 1967).	4
Our own findings regarding the achieved citation impact of rewarded papers further confirm that evaluations based on journal metrics do not unequivocally and universally yield an increased impact of individual research publications.	5
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 License.	0
This early citation advantage may be due to preprint sharing and equating preprints with subsequent published versions, especially in conjunction with long journal publishing delays.	5
The findings in Table 6 show a positive and significant association in all regressions between the centrality in the academic community and measures of local influence, i.e.	4
The improved main path analysis considers two factors involved in citation preference, including discipline bias and time bias.	1
We found the majority of our grant-publication pairs were cross-disease spillovers.	4
Sleep, Sleep Medicine Reviews and Journal of Sleep Research were ranked as the three most prestigious sleep journals, in line with the impact factors of the journals.	4
Section 3 describes the data analysis results regarding annual distribution, citations per paper, journals, authors, institutions, and countries.	0
Density-equalizing mapping was conducted as described by Groenberg-Kloft et al, 2008.	3
This study aimed to determine the research impact of published journal articles on dementia in SEA and its association with country-level socioeconomic factors and measures of disease burden for dementia.	1
Our unit of analysis was ‘Engineering Research', one of the nine Web of Science (WoS) engineering subcategories.	2
Finally, we also conduct a data envelopment analysis (DEA) to aggregate the first response time, impact factor and acceptance rate in one holistic score.	3
The Délégation Générale de la Recherche Scientifique et Technique (DGRST), created in 1958, has primary responsibility for preparing national science policy decisions taken in the interministerial council for research and for coordinating the research and development policies of the various ministries and research agencies.	0
The gender homophily principle (publishing predominantly with scientists of the same sex) was found to apply to male scientists-but not to females.	4
1983), and coauthorship (Peters and Van Raan 1991).	3
The coherence can be measured with the symmetrized Kullback-Leibler divergence (symKLD) (Kullback & Leibler, 1951) or Jensen-Shannon divergence (JSD) (Lin, 1991), both of which compute the distance between two probability distributions.	3
To summarise, in this study, we have shown examples of non-scientific paper features that influence the citation counts.	5
We would like to thank Elizabeth Zenteno and Matias Koch for their assistance during the data-collection phase.	0
In our problem, we assume that the editor has to choose between the acceptance or rejection of submitted manuscripts.	0
For these reasons, the aim of this study is to describe the characteristics of scientific collaborations, researching leishmaniasis in South American countries between 2000 and 2011, as shown by scientific publications, and to identify the primary collaborative networks at the regional level.	1
Reviews, meta-analyses and reports of statistics were removed.	2
This result is different from that of Perry and Reny (2016) because we control for cohort effects in our analysis.	5
Here, we analyzed how the scientific community responded to this challenge by quantifying distribution and availability patterns of the academic information related to COVID-19.	1
Concerns over this issue in Vietnam, a developing country with limited academic resources, led to an in-depth study on Vietnamese social science research, using Google Scholar and Scopus, during 2008–2017.	1
The data indicates that the 469 articles were written in 126 scientific journals.	0
They are spelled-out in full in Table 1, on the case of the Salton's cosine dendrograms which are presented in Supplement 1.	0
As a previously established approach, we compute the co-citation distance between a pair of documents i and j:	3
For tenure or promotion, only papers that are published in peer-reviewed journals count.	0
In other words, only 1/5 of active national researchers have published in international journals indexed in the WoS, which was our source of data.	2
Actually, there is even a community of scientists exclusively interested in developing scientific knowledge and discoveries through scholarly communication using letters to the editor led by Viroj Wiwanitkit (1495 WoS-indexed letters between 1996 and 2018—Hainan Medical University, Haikou, China), Tsung O.	4
Our results revealed a steady increase in scientific co-authorships between ERA and LAC countries as a result of the increasingly complex web of relationships that has been weaved among scientists from the two regions.	4
Can the bookmarking system's tagging feature be used to create topic-homogeneous subsets in which altmetrics exhibit higher correlations with citations than the full corpus?	1
I distinguish between two types of social processes that are analytically distinct but empirically intertwined (Lamont, 2012): processes of judgement, in which worth and qualities are attributed to candidates, and processes of legitimation, in which said judgements are stabilized and made acceptable.	3
Our goals, in addition to identifying the pervasiveness of the TCT in IB studies, include detecting the issues that have used a TCT perspective and the relationships between the issues, observing the authors and works that bridge across research domains, and map the existing networks among works and among research issues.	1
The two proposed steps are systematic and programmable which means that they can be executed quickly and automatically by researchers who have a computer and access to scientific databases.	5
Articles in Group A tend to use more clauses (1.64 clauses per sentence), followed by Groups AB (1.59) and B (1.50), which show a similar trend in sentence length.	4
The survey was distributed to 186 faculty, with 74 professors beginning the survey and 66 completing it, giving us a response rate of 40%.	2
The cluster analysis has been performed using the Vosviewer tool (Waltman et al., 2010).	3
I studied reasons for collaboration and how capital and institutions affect collabo- ration through a mixed methods analysis of infection and immunity research and development collaborations in Vancouver, Canada between individuals affiliated with universities, firms, and health-care organizations.	1
University of the West Indies; Pan American Health Organization; University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill	0
Additional services and information for Journal of Information Science can be found at:	0
Every country is treated as the center in the ego-centered citation network in our study, and only the ‘is cited by’ relationship is considered.	3
Of course, I could rebut those arguments for many reasons, because I publish papers to target specific groups in agriculture (Dodson, 2008).	0
We questioned whether this growth has occurred proportionately around the country and throughout allopathic medical schools.	1
Although hospitality management literature's history is very old, based on the findings of the social network analysis, it is still a loosely connected research community.	5
In this example librarians contributed their expertise in peer-review publishing, intellectual property rights, and institutional repositories to develop a customized online journal site using OJS for FSHS in a manner that reflects the publication workflow of the society.	3
The results indicate that the scientific output regarding coastal flooding increased significantly between 1995 and 2016 in terms of publications, collaborators, and references.	5
The analysis has shown that all the features corresponding to the formal subsumption are present in the productive relations between academic institutions and funding agencies that CPBF mediates.	4
Even at the national level the mean percentage difference was 7% and the maximum was more than 40% for more than 18,000 scholars.	4
In the current article, we do not study the notion of excellence as such, instead we focus on the effects of excellence funding.	1
David Pendlebury for his technical assistance and Abe Fingerhut, M.D., for critical comments.	0
To answer the questions, you can provide a rating that reflects your agreement or frequency of engaging in the described behavior.	0
For example, its connections with computer sciences remain for future study [13].	0
This study introduces nation diffusion breadth and nation diffusion intensity by adapting the notions of field diffusion breadth and field diffusion intensity as defined by Liu and Rousseau, and a variation on the total cited influence indicator introduced by Hu et al.	1
In summary, this data indicates a relatively low collaboration rate on the topic of COVID-19 that might be explained by the need to analyze data and publish fast.	5
With two exceptions, all responses can be interpreted as describing the utility of the contribution.	4
We use citation counts to explore whether in-group authors publish lower-quality articles in their in-group journal.	3
The results show that co-occurrence relationships between cited disciplines have evolved dynamically over time.	4
In this analysis, 459 papers published by the faculty members associated with the Iraqi-Kurdistan universities and indexed by Scopus during the time period 1970-2012 were considered.	4
The addition of new ties did not have a significant effect on publications, but the loss of ties hurt overall publication productivity (β = ?0.09, p < 0.01).	4
The current paper analyses journals indexed in Scopus that meet the following criteria: they are active in 2019; they have an uninterrupted number of publications in Scopus in each year between the first publication year for which Scopus indexed their publications (shortly indicated as a journal's entry year or begin year in Scopus) up until and including 2019; journals entering Scopus after 2017 are not included.	2
As a result of the search, a total of 627 bibliographic records were recovered.	2
The implementation of our search string on WoS produced 6865 results.	2
The data was collected from Altmetric.com in October 2019, and it consists of 8158,029 JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) files, which span the period from 1890 to 2017.	2
Adopting this idea to our case, we calculate the total number of papers published up to an age to be the total product at this age.	3
Two hundred eighty-three scientists (13.2 per cent) responded to the e-mail and started with the online survey.	2
Monitoring: Analysis of the dissemination of ORCID iDs and other PID standards concerning the unique identification of scholars and research institutions.	1
There is also the rise of a new class of 'impactologists' or impact professionals comprising HEI- based impact managers, supported by consultants (including professional case study writers) and for-profit companies supplying impact documentation software and train- ing courses.	4
The first goal is to explore the response characteristics of academia to public health events through analysis of more than 14,000 papers related to four major public health emergencies that occurred in the past 20 years from the perspective of event diffusion in the communication system.	1
The main objective of this investigation was to bridge this gap and to provide readers with a practical guide in evaluating diabetes literature.	1
1 With Hydrogen technology we mean here producing and storing Hydrogen for use together with Fuel Cells.	0
Also, in the career-averaged profiles, authors publishing more than 20 papers have mostly adopted exploratory strategies.	4
Drawing from this dataset, we use a Heckman selection model to study the amount received per proposal, whilst accounting for potential selection bias that could result from examining award winners' submissions only.	3
Nevertheless, it suggests that policy focusing on creating high-impact work should consider prioritizing junior and perhaps midcareer academics.	5
To determine if there was a correlation between publication and retraction counts, Kendall's rank correlation was used, which showed a positive correlation between the two (z=7.79, tau=0.756**, p=0.000) and a positive correlation between the retraction ratio and the publication counts (z=3.82, tau=0.524**, p=0.00).	3
The paper investigated the causal relationship between economic growth and research output for the US economy for the period 1981–2011.	5
The two metrics seem to measure different aspects of the impact of scholarly work and should be used in tandem for determining the reach of a scientific article.	5
The second methodological development focuses on the combination of citation network exploration and semantic network analysis.	3
The findings in this paper demonstrate that the exchange of personnel in sociology is highly status-conscious.	5
g., number of long words and complex words).	1
This research examined the complex interconnections among motivation, psychological well-being, resilience, autonomy, and engagement among EFL learners in online educational environments in China.	5
Data from this study were obtained from SciVal (Elsevier.com), Incites (https://incites.clarivate.com/), as well as data from federal financing agencies: Capes (Coordination for Improvement of Higher Education Personnel linked to the Ministry of Education (MEC) and responsible for financing and evaluating postgraduate education: www.capes.gov.br) and Cnpq (National Council for Scientific and Technological Development, linked to the Ministry of Science, Technology, Innovation and Communications (MCTIC): www.cnpq.br).	2
These manuscripts originated in descending order from: Saudi Arabia 34%, Turkey 16%, India 12%, China 8% and Western Countries 3%.	4
None of the tools identified copies of all the articles, so they need to be used in a complementary way when evaluating OA policies.	5
This paper addresses the influence of six factors on the propensity to collaborate for a large set of countries (193), by scientific domain and over time (three periods between 1990 and 2018: 1990–1999, 2000-2009 and 2010–2018).	1
This study investigates co-author and co-inventor collaborations using scientific articles and patents to measure collaborative knowledge production.	1
The analysis explores 31 years of the TRS (Thomson Reuters Scientific) database, spanning the 1980–2010 period.	1
In this study, we addressed the question of whether authors across sub-fields in the biological sciences can expect to gain more citations by paying an APC to publish OA in a hybrid journal.	1
Fifth, our proposed measure helps predict future citation impact.	5
Based on the annual dynamic steel CEI from 1992 to 2020, and integrating IUSS estimation data with material flow analysis, we compute the annual dynamic ECE.	3
* International: answers such as “worldwide”, “international”, and more than one country # Countries in SV2	0
Finally, as shown in our evaluation results, the performance of AuthorRank combined with PRP is better (p < 0.001) than other baselines for publication ranking.	4
The author received no financial support for the research, author-ship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Keywords Altmetrics · Social media metrics · Data coverage · Data intensity · Hot topics · Social attention	0
Adopting a checklist (linked to COPE guidelines) and templates for various classes of retraction notices would increase transparency of retraction notices in future.	5
The purpose of this paper is to compare the quantity and quality of management articles published in international journals by authors from the four major regions of China.	1
However, the data of this current study indicate that rather than medical advances alone, it is writing, publishing, and citation practices that may have had the most dramatic impact in the past 10 years.	5
This study attempts to gain a better understanding of international scientific collaboration by exploring the structure of the coauthorship network in terms of university–industry–government (UIG) relationships, the mode of knowledge production, and the underlying dynamic of collaboration in terms of geographic, linguistic, and economic factors.	1
The following section presents details of the sampling strategies and measures used in the survey.	0
This approach can provide information about the trends and academic achievements in the field of clinical neurology.	5
(a) Which of the bibliographic indices (citation count, h-index, g-index) contributes most to bring the international awardees in the list of top-ranked authors?	1
To advance beyond the existing isolated mono-dimensional studies and arrive at a more integrated and nuanced reflection of the IS field's intellectual and social dimensions and their mutual synergy, we propose knowledge network infrastructure (KNI) analysis as a multidimensional approach.	1
Analysis of word co-occurrence shows that the network has relatively low cohesion due to its density, which is 0.108.	4
The median time of publication activity was 3.5 years (interquartile range [IQR], 1-5 years; range, 0-16 years).	4
The cost per day per reviewer was $1314 for FF meetings and $314 for VR sessions (Table 4).	4
In our case, we will not worry too much about these marginal concerns with the broad and narrow views, since both accounts easily classify Researcher X's output as testimony.	0
To evaluate the effects of the ESI policy on newly emergent investigators, a generalized linear model (GLM) estimated the difference in the probability of funding for the treatment and control groups.	3
The analysis uses a novel, open dataset of IR access and usage derived from five months of Google search engine results pages (SERP) data, which were aggregated by the Repository Analytics and Metrics Portal (RAMP) web service.	2
The purpose of this study was to examine the number of publications by South Korean emergency physicians in highly cited journals and the increase in their numbers.	1
The results found that the terms “use” and “method” are predominately associated with a variety of keywords concerning urgent domestic issues regarding energy resources, agriculture, virus, and industrial automation.	4
Key findings from our analysis include: 1) the return on investment for NREF research awards is large, as exemplified by the responding NREF awardees who received $776 M in subsequent research funding, leading to an NREF impact ratio of $1:$134; 2) non-NIH research awards accounted for over two-thirds (70%) of this subsequent funding, totaling $450 M of grants that were subsequently obtained by NREF awardees; 3) the return on investment for NREF research awards varied across grant types, with the junior faculty-targeted YCI program having the highest NREF impact ratio ($1:$381) and the resident RFG program having the lowest NREF impact ratio ($1:$41); 4) the return on investment for NREF research awards varied by subspecialty, with functional, pediatrics, and neuro-oncology yielding the highest rates of return (NREF impact ratios of $1:$194, $1:$185, and $1:$162, respectively); 5) the return on investment for the field of neurosurgery compared favorably to that seen with other surgical specialties, including otolaryngology, orthopedic surgery, colorectal surgery, plastic surgery, and thoracic surgery; and 6) the vast majority of responding NREF awardees were successful in obtaining subsequent research funding (82%) and most remain in academic practice (73%).	5
3 The Carnegie Classification also classifies the institutions that award at least 20 doctoral degrees per year as the "doctoral granting university."	0
Robin Haunschild: Conceived and designed the analysis, Collected the data, Contributed data or analysis tools, Wrote the paper.	0
The citation index is an effective tool to examine the research hotspots and developing trends in a discipline.	5
To probe the meanings of textbook citations, we tested associations with sets of other variables that stand for productivity and/or publication impact, certified eminence, and academic prestige.	3
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
These data are treated with social network visualizations and algorithms to identify patterns of collaboration and clustering, as well as with normalizations to make disciplines comparable and to verify increasing citation impact.	3
Table 1 shows the multi-dimensional input and output in terms of Manpower, GERD, Papers and Patents for fifteen countries from Basu (2015).	2
In this research, a total of 21,817 articles published by 265 journals from Beall's list of predatory standalone journals were investigated.	2
This holds both at aggregate levels and within groups of academic positions.	4
The committee's work resulted in a series of workshops, discussion groups, guiding documents, and tools.	3
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/spp/advance-article-abstract/doi/10.1093/scipol/scz019/5488509 by University of Southern Denmark user on 17 May 2019	0
This study demonstrates a weak correlation between traditional and Twitter citations in information science.	5
The current findings suggest that a research environment that allows scientists to work towards the standards and goals of their internal self-concept is more likely to lead to improved scientific performance.	5
(2015) for measuring the prevalence of altmetric data to evaluate the presence of Mendeley readership, citations, and Twitter mentions across the sampled papers over time.	3
The USA also had the highest number of total citations (8,096,325) and the highest (total) h-index (566) followed by the UK (2,224,365 and 414, respectively), Germany (1,890,698 and 356, respectively), Canada (1,368,065 and 343, respectively), Italy (1,230,868 and 294, respectively), and Japan (1,113,461 and 238, respectively) (Supplemental Table 1).	4
The web-present Nanoscientists are better recognized compared to their web-absent peers.	5
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 17 times since 2018*	0
A Sleeping Beauty (SB) in science refers to a paper whose importance is not recognized for several years after publication.	1
Cilliers is a Senior Lecturer at the Department of Chemical Engineering, both at UMIST, Manchester, UK.	0
This paper aims to provide a bibliometric study of journal articles related to institutional repositories in the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) between January 1993 and August 2017.	1
Indeed, the RG Score is independent of full-texts (p ?0.10, p value 0.2527) and full-text reads (p 0.06, p value 0.4778).	4
However, our results demonstrated that scientific collaboration had a negative effect on the balance of references at the scientific actors' and integrated levels.	5
Fifty-eight of the 100 articles were neuroradiology articles.	4
Our data suggest an increasing positive correlation between social media mentions and article citations over the years.	4
1 Complex Systems Research Group, Faculty of Engineering and IT, The University of Sydney, Darlington, NSW 2008, Australia	0
Table 2 shows that the number of policy citations was higher for articles with international research collaboration than for articles lacking in international research collaboration, regardless of whether the mean, median (P50), 95th percentile (P95), 99th percentile (P99) or maximum was used.	4
The top 50 results as quantified by total number of citations from 2016 to 2019 were further considered.	0
This work examined the relationship between authors associated with a multi-institutional, multidisciplinary science center and the likelihood that their publications will be quickly cited.	5
We analyzed the largest connected component, which accounted for approximately 96% of the collected papers (33,750 out of 35,068 papers).	2
For each journal, we used PubMed and Google Scholar to determine how many articles had been published in this journal in years n – 2 and n - 1 of the 2017 IF, then we looked at all the CRs published in each journal in years n – 2 and n – 1.	3
We started the analysis of the data from a coarse-grained perspective: we assumed all CK appointments—both to habilitation panels and as professorship referees—to be equivalent, and counted their number per each academic.	3
This journal was Clinical Implant Dentistry and Related Research (r = .894, P = .0005).	4
In this paper we analyze the evolution of China's growing importance in international scientific collaboration over the past 15 years.	1
To acquire the classic articles in implantology across time, the Scopus? database (https://www.scopus.com, Elsevier, Amsterdam, Netherlands) was used in this study.	2
Our findings indicate that, on average, research productivity, defined in either article or page terms, has increased since the introduction of the PBRF.	4
We sought to understand (i) whether AI versus human reviewers are able to distinguish between made-up AI-generated and human-written conference abstracts reporting on actual research, and (ii) how the quality assessments by AI versus human reviewers of the reported research correspond to each other.	1
Our article corpus includes 50,516 authors, of which 37,298 are unique.	2
It is used to say that these sites go with the fashions and the craving of the public.	0
A correlation analysis of the h-index and alt-index is conducted at three different levels: field level, source (journal) level, and author level.	3
This study is based on 28 publicly listed companies in Taiwan that are part of the Tesla supply chain.	2
This study proposes a simple measure, combined relevance (CR), to counter such impact.	1
With the intention of eliminating time bias, average citations per year values (with reference to the year 2019) were also calculated for the publications.	3
Despite our unique innovative qualities and sub-specialist training, plastic surgery may be losing ground as an authority in aesthetic surgery.	5
We identify Publication Set B as group G (and hence Publication set A as not G), and the four Categories within a publication set as the K = 4 strata.	2
Titles were categorized by hand as being compound titles (having a subtitle, yes/no) or being a question versus statement.	3
What this paper does is obtain a precise triangulation of the absence of 'African voices' with specific focus on economics.	5
The proof of this and the other results can be found in the Appendix.	0
We do not develop costly referee demands any further in this paper.	0
We showed that there is a roughly 25% increase in the number of citations for articles which also appeared in working paper series.	5
In this article, epigenetics research is a case study to explore valuation and knowledge production practices in twenty-first-century universities.	1
This conclusion applies to all broad fields since some fields had universally better results for the geometric JIF and none had universally better results for the arithmetic JIF.	5
Tractenberg ret7@georgetown.edu Building D, Suite 207, Georgetown University – Neurology, 4000 Reservoir Road NW, Washington, DC 20057, USA.	0
The authors also acknowledge the comments by the two anonymous referees and the editors of the journal.	0
This study aims to give an answer to these and related questions.	1
Four first-level topics, ANNs, NLP, PR and ML, were studied by our approach, which are the traditional and major research directions for Al, being the centre of attention in the scientific community.	4
The results collected through a prospective evaluation of the PS-OC Program highlight the evolution and outputs of cross-disciplinary collaborations over the course of 3 years.	5
We find that the two metrics portray different aspects of knowledge communication in CLIS and conclude that indirect paths, the size of specialties, and the communication structure among specialties may lead to the differences.	4
The interviews were conducted in the spring, summer, and autumn of 2012 and the first two months of 2013, typically in the offices of the faculty member being interviewed.	2
Around one third of journals indexed in Scopus have at least one citation from patent applications in a 5-year citation window.	4
A total of 46 journals related to respirology were selected from the 'respiratory system' category of Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) subject categories by the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI).	2
We collect data on economics PhDs graduating from US and Canadian economics departments between 1970 and 2009 and their publications between 1980 and 2014.	2
To address this question, we introduce a simple model of the relationship between scientific impact and citations.	1
This article looks at these questions through an investigative study, in which a combination of quantitative and qualitative methods is employed, namely, investigations, data and information analyses, in-depth interviews, and news studies.	3
Overall, the data we collected refer to 33 215 296 journal research papers, 656 378 663 paper citations, 7 949 465 patent citations, and 1 487 612 patent-cited research papers.	2
Average citation per document published in Arab countries was 13.25 and the h-index was 64.	4
We perform a comprehensive study of computer scientists using Twitter and their tweeting behavior concerning the sharing of web links.	1
Moreover, they published a higher percentage of international collaborative articles in Q1 journals.	4
For more than three hundred years, although scholarly communication has been conducted through various formal and informal channels, the concept of the digitization of scholarly communication did not emerge until the early 1970s.	0
Participation in the workshop, however, was not found to improve students' ability to apply their knowledge to their research projects.	4
The speciality linked to most (27) Spanish universities was Food Science & Technology.	4
Microsoft Office Excel (2019) was used for descriptive statistical analysis.	3
Importantly, the range of values of the maxima across the RPYS varies considerably.	4
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Public discussion of preprints was modest and COVID-19 articles were overrepresented in the pool of retracted articles in 2020.	4
This resulted in a total of N = 1643 articles.	2
Based on the analysis of publication trends, there has been a significant surge in the number of publications on Al in Oncology over the past four years.	5
For this purpose, we first propose a PageRank with Priors (PRP) algorithm to rank publications and authors.	3
According to Rochester (1995), there have been bibliometric studies of individual journals, for example a study of the first 24 volumes of Journal of Education for Librarianship published from 1960 to 1984.	0
Scientific norm subscription (odds ratio (OR) 0.79; 95% CI: 0.63, 1.00) and perceived likelihood of detection by reviewers (OR 0.62, 95% CI: 0.44, 0.88) were associated with engaging in less research misconduct.	4
The inclusion criteria for articles analysed in the present study were: (i) All types of articles, including original articles, review articles, case reports, letters, images, editorials, correspondence items, perspectives, etc.	2
For our analysis, we start by sharing bivariate patterns and then move to multivariate OLS regressions to examine the unique effect of each type of novelty on disruptiveness.	3
This paper advances the debate on scholarly publishing and the role of bibliometric indices in evaluating authors and their research, through a theoretical discussion and an empirical case study focused on economics and the impact factor.	1
Only senior assistant, associate, and full professors were selected to ensure sufficient range of research collaboration for discussion.	2
In particular, it can be seen that quality indicators such as citations and excellence rates are high for female authors.	4
This study investigates the social dynamics of cross-boundary collaboration for digital government research and identifies key variables that can affect the emergence and development of collaborative research networks.	1
Our empirical analysis is performed on a unique dataset of publications in scientific journals related to pharmaceutical research.	2
We confirmed this latter result with our own data by plotting the NRPR of the same twenty-six countries against their world share of NSE publications for the years 1995 and 2015.	0
With the goal of reducing burden and ensuring access to investigational products, Michigan Medicine established the Expanded Access Oversight Committee in January 2015.	3
We identified all primary research studies reported from 1998 to 2008 in the International Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, Journal of Oral Maxillofacial Surgery (JOMS), British Journal of Oral Maxillofacial Surgery (BJOMS), and Journal of Craniomaxillofacial Surgery.	2
The top three countries contributing to research output were the USA, Italy, and China.	4
This indicates that since the major construction tasks gradually completed, the demand of engineering research has also shrunk, leading to decreasing research outputs in relevant topics in both Chinese and International scientific communities, which reflects that technological research is driven by industrial demands (Barge-Gil and López, 2014; Kulkarni et al., 2014; Rafols et al., 2014).	5
Czech scholarly journals are mostly open access – the option of open access publishing was selected by 51% of respondents of our survey.	4
Should it be taken into consideration for assessment purposes?	1
(2) using a Levemberg-Marquad least squares fitting routine (Press et al. 2007).	3
Michael Crow is associate professor of management and director of science policy and research at Iowa State University.	0
Two follow-up electronic reminders were sent to those individuals who had not completed the initial survey.	0
There were 811 papers published across these article types from 2015 to 2019.	2
We next use nested random effects regression modelling on respondent-level survey data to differentiate journals within each tier into upper ('+") and lower ("-") categories.	3
Preliminary results show that providers are increasing their engagement which is leading to more evidence based decision making.	4
The total lifetime normalized citations for the 25 average astronomers ranged from 19 to 4753 citations and averaged 1722 ± 326 citations.	4
Ultimately, collaboration among researchers, librarians, publishers, and metadata providers is crucial for developing and implementing effective standardised solutions for completeness of book metadata suitable for research assessment.	5
This study attempts to explicate the formation structure of HIPs by introducing CI and comparing the characteristics of HIPs and HCPs.	1
This article proposes a simple, practical framework for making the contributions of technicians transparent, quantifiable and visible to institutions, funding agencies, and the research community.	1
This work proposes a method for assessment of evaluation processes, applicable to systems in which both measurable and policy-based performance criteria coexist.	1
Upon FV gradient computation, unweighted citation networks are converted to FV gradient weighted network and then weights are transformed to obtain FV gradient weighted (normalised) network using Eqs.	3
What is the process of scientific productions in sports medicine in the Scopus database?	1
Note: The raw data come from the Web of Science (www.webofknowledge.com) and the Altmetrics (https://www.	0
Data was collected from each year from 2009 to 2015 to give a reasonable number of years for comparison.	2
My subsequent analysis is mainly based on this dataset, which I downloaded into a spreadsheet for easy handling and further analysis.	2
The United States was the leading country in quantity of research efforts.	5
In particular, new issues tend to be less cited in fields closer to the arts and humanities.	4
5 particularly, # 7 Anti-influenza research of CD8(+) T cells and # 8 Anti-tumor DNA vaccine.	4
Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS 20.0 software (IBM, New York, USA), and the statistical results are shown as Tables and Figures.	3
The paper uses a variant of the Revealed Comparative Advantage index, applied originally in economics (Balassa, 1965) and introduced to scientometrics by Lattimore and Revesz (1996).	3
The USA is the most productive country in the journal and the most influential one followed by China.	4
The current study aimed to provide a comprehensive up-to-date analysis of the citation distribution characteristics (citation inequality, skewness) based on three independent cohorts of journals listed in the recent Journal Citation Report (JCR 2018): journals of two complete medical categories, i.e.	1
The distribution of author publication shares in the first two classes proved to be normal.	4
The authors of the article introduce a new method of measuring the contribution to knowledge, which analyses knowledge cumulation dynamics based on the concept of a contribution-to-scientific field.	5
The number of articles annually increased significantly in the 10-year period (P<0.001).	4
The OA movement is gaining importance and the scholarly community is now realizing that tolled or subscribed access is creating a barrier and preventing their work from wider accessibility and readership.	5
The fact that the vast majority of researchers from Top 7 universities who attended these questionable conferences were students or early-career investigators may indicate that young researchers face various challenges regarding awareness of prestigious conferences in their fields and lack of judgment in assessing the legitimacy of conferences.	5
To calculate the plagiarism ratio, the students' posts were compared to internet search results and posts written by other students.	3
Finally, this study illustrates that using search engines as starting points for navigating online health information landscapes is problematic.	5
This study explores the structural changes in the community of scholars in terms of co-authors and co-institutions in the field of cancer research.	5
The Harvard Innovation Laboratory generously provided us with meeting space for the experiment.	0
The total trade increased more than 23-fold from 1991 ($6.36 million) to 2020 ($149.4 million), reaching a maximum of $240 million in 2011.	4
This resulted in 20 journals devoted to general radiology (Table 1).	0
Fourth is the necessity of a knowledge system to archive data, algorithms, and results.	5
The qualitative data analysis software NVivo V.11 will be used to aid data management and analysis.	3
Remarkably, the productivity of the Fields Medal recipients declines noticeably relative to that of the contenders in the postmedal period, regardless of whether we measure productivity in terms of papers published, citations received, or students mentored.	4
Collaboration patterns measured by the amount of co-authorship clusters with different dimensions	0
Team impact is quantified by citations of a paper authored by this team.	3
The name of every author from each paper identified by Scopus was then entered into PubMed to locate any papers missed by Scopus.	3
The CNCI is calculated by dividing the number of citations by the expected citation rate for documents with the same document type, year of publication and subject area.	3
But this process was opaque, as it is not clear who was consulted.	0
Citation matrix (1), number of references (2), and rankings (7), (2), and (9) for Example 1, respectively.	0
The outcomes suggest that most research referring to the SDGs comes from the research areas Life Sciences & Biomedicine and Social Sciences.	4
Bivariate statistical analyses showed that of six Hofstede's national culture dimensions (HNCD), uncertainty avoidance and power distance had a statistically significant negative association, while individualism and indulgence had a statistically significant positive association with both citation impact indicators (PPtop10% and PPtop1%).	3
We undertook this two-phase study to discover strategies for communicating to the campus community about collections cancellations so that they might better understand and support the library in making these difficult decisions.	5
My analysis draws directly on this hard data.	2
Our findings indicate that faculty members in hard disciplines tend to be more productive and have more cited works than their counterparts in soft disciplines, but both groups target top journals at similar rates.	4
This study also highlights a problem with many citation metrics—the absence of data for a significant number of journals that are well regarded by scholars and practitioners.	5
Using metadata continually collected about the full corpus of bioRxiv preprints, we built Rxivist.org (pronounced “Archivist”), a website enabling users to search, filter, and sort preprints based on download metrics and the number of Twitter messages linking to it.	1
RQ2: How dense is the coverage of core concepts (e.g., how good is the fit to a facet)?	1
1 Growth curves for Arctic studies in the humanities and social sciences	0
3 Distribution of doctoral students' training scheme assessment policy documents by domain	0
Lexical fingerprint The lexical fingerprint is a method to quantify and visually compare the topical content of individual clusters, within a solution and across all solutions (Koopman and Wang 2017b).	3
Remarkably, in cognitive sense the distinctions are much smaller.	5
In this paper, we present a new BC measure DescriptiveBC, which employs the titles of the out-link references to improve BC in two ways: given a target article a, DescriptiveBC provides more accurate information about how (based on numerical inter-article similarity) and why (based on textual descriptive terms) a scholarly article is related to a.	1
The current study minimized any bias in this decision by researchers by exclusively using hybrid journals, thereby controlling for journal quality.	0
In the following analysis, research collaboration will be evaluated on the basis of the three classifications: ‘No collaboration’, referring to papers produced by one or more authors in the same research institution; 'national collaboration', referring to cross-institutional collaborations within the Danish territory; and ‘international collaboration’, referring to papers authored by researchers affiliated with Danish and international research institutions.	3
The size of the nodes is directly proportional to the number of keywords.	0
A log-rank test and Wilcoxon (Gehan-Breslow) test for the equality of survivor functions both show p values below .001, confirming that there are significant differences between the curves analyzed.	0
The specialty of orthopaedic surgery was subdivided into both anatomic areas and recognized subspecialties, in order to specifically investigate which of the subspecialty areas of interest had the highest number of publications.	3
The efficiency of a search (the number of references retrieved by a database as a percentage of the total number retrieved across all databases) ranged from 5% to 92%.	4
The research questions were posed concerning the types of online social media in which academic articles were mentioned most frequently in Asia.	1
In short, we demonstrated that HCWs at the KHCC had subpar levels of knowledge and awareness with regards to predatory publishers.	5
Our second core dataset is the Author-ity disambiguation of PubMed (14–15), which permits us to identify the lifetime publications of the researchers in UMETRICS.	2
The results reveal considerable gender differences in research contribution between Iranian men and women.	4
8 shows that the number of articles per year at which the two topics start to dominate a research problem is not a constant, and instead varies widely.	4
Our multivariable regression analysis using 2013–2015 research publications in three selected sub- domains: Nano-Enabled Drug Delivery (NEDD), Synthetic Biology (Synbio), and Autonomous Vehicle (AutoV) found evidence support- ing both hypotheses.	3
The main aim of this article was to make a methodological contribution to the literature on events in citation data.	1
JESC outperforms BES in overall citation impact, growth of absolute or relative ratio of JIF value, scope of citation impact in terms of the number of journals citing JESC, as well as JIF values of journals in JESC’s cited network.	4
The study attempts to answer the following questions, (a) How is the availability of various types of OA literature changing, and how can the understanding of such changes assist the negotiation of the ONOS proposal?	1
The declining number of publications in MCS has led to the gradual withdrawal of its clusters from the top five clubs in the later generations.	4
From Table 6, it is evident that the impact of self-citations on the h-index is practically negligible in the case of the academic medical doctors, since h-index did not change at all (60.45 %) or increased only by one (25.29 %) in 90.74 % of all academics studied.	4
Forty-one articles (49%) were co-authored and contained the list of contributions by each author.	2
This article first examines the relevance of some factors for the quality of impact submissions in REF2014 and finds that larger submissions and institutes with higher external research income received better impact scores in the REF.	1
Considering the effects of publications measured by number of citations, what are the percentile distributions of citations in both models?	1
The high degree of overlap between top universities in URAP-TR and other global ranking systems can be considered as another factor supporting the argument for balancing size independent and size-dependent criteria in a ranking system.	5
In the context of the statistical technique of topic modeling, we apply latent Dirichlet allocation, in order to identify the main topics and categories in the corpus of documents analyzed.	3
Thus, for determining trustworthiness for usage purposes, the most important activity was reading the abstract.	4
The growth ratio of the topic has a positive influence on citation counts in all eight disciplines and at all estimated quantile levels.	4
However, the region as a whole is barely cited in BMA globally.	5
As indicated in Table 1 (Rows indicated by (G-comp)), the giant component only contains 26% of the nodes in the full network, with 29% of the ties.	4
The article is organized as follows: First, we iden- tify the citation patterns (impact factor, cited-half-life, and references-per-article) in bioinformatics journals.	0
We apply partial least square structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) to investigate the effect of centrality measures on research productivity.	3
I thank Stephen Donald, Justin Wolfers and two referees for helpful comments on an earlier draft.	0
It is encouraging that faculty members do see the relevance and feel responsible to provide standards to all PhDs on data integrity, authorship and collaboration.	5
Through a combination of text mining and network analysis, we sought to understand the emergence and evolution of the research fronts (the footprints of the research communities) that produced the paradigmatic explanation of this disease.	1
To initially populate the database, we downloaded the "List of All Journals Cited in PubMed" [56] and used the NCBI E-utilities to access the NLM Catalog to extract multiple data elements for each Knowledge Management Journal Record.	2
OBS : 61 missing cases and 37 citations to the United Nations were excluded from the table.	0
Finally, we wish to thank the author participants who completed the online surveys and the manuscript reviewers, who are the cornerstones of the peer review process.	0
The data source was the ERC's Information Service and documents on the Council's website.	2
I have also offered a novel conceptualisation of collaboration as both a form of inquiry and a form of organisation, which hold up the promise of a wide range of potentials for knowledge.	5
To make country comparisons meaningful, we standardized the total number of articles by the size of each country's population (i.e.	3
Specifically, iSchools are ranked based on their PageRank scores in the senior faculty hiring network, where edges represent acknowledgement and go from hiring to doctoral institutions.	3
This proposal provides (i) a means to allow authors to agree on their relative contribution, (ii) an incentive to assign only significant contributors to authorship, and (iii) the appropriate fractional contribution of each author when there are multiple authors.	1
The second important finding is that three distinct habitus formations occur across generations, which can be read as evidence for their relative stability over time.	5
The articles were distributed in seven different EM journals, led by Annals of Emergency Medicine with 45 articles.	4
Our closeness centrality research aims to identify which authors are able to reach all members of the network-primarily within their own clique-directly, rapidly, and easily, without relying on any third member.	3
To create a comprehensive picture of industrial informatics, we used bibliometric maps created with VOSviewer software, which specializes in quantifying and visualizing scientific bibliometric maps.	3
Some special issues are generated from open calls for papers on a specific topic.	0
Department of Internal Medicine, Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center, Lubbock, Texas	0
The Rxivist platform also includes an API for programmatic interaction with the data—rather than responding with a hypertext markup language (HTML) document, the server responds to API requests by sending back JSON-formatted data that is more easily parsed by applications.	4
We would like to thank in particular Viv Cothey, Andrea Scharnhorst and Mike Thelwall for their comments on an earlier draft, and two anonymous referees for their helpful suggestions for improvement.	0
In examining the gender of award recipients given by SPSP (2000–2016), on average, 25% of the recipients were women.	4
1 and Table 6, it reveals that Top 20% viewed and downloaded papers have less title length in average than total and Bottom 20% papers in each journal in PLoS platform (only Top 20% viewed papers of journal PLoS Pathogens and Top 20% downloaded papers of journal PLoS Biology are excluded).	4
The combined results in Exhibit 3 show that high-income-country source had a significant overall impact on relevance (mean: 4.50; 95% CI: 3.16, 5.83) and recommendation (mean: 3.05; 95% CI: 1.77, 4.33).	4
The data were statistically analyzed with GraphPad Prism 6 for Windows.	3
This particular method has been used in the application section of this study.	0
Figure reads as follows: in Agricultural Sciences, there are 117 HCRs in the Clarivate list by categories, while in the cross-field list, 319 authors have one HCP or more in this same category.	0
*Paper presented at the International Conference on Science Indicators for Developing Countries, Paris, 15-19 October, 1990.	0
The social network analysis method was used for sub-field classification.	3
I here use a more convincing sample of 31,000 economists – for whom relevant data are readily available – and also test whether the Matthew effect is stronger for older cohorts.	1
For the benefit of scientific progress, more countries with considerable numbers of patients should contribute to international collaborations and female researchers should be encouraged and supported.	5
The study focuses on humanities and social sciences (HSS) as disciplinary sites, which embody distinct characteristics and have experienced the introduction of incentive schemes in China since the early 2000s.	1
We thank Claire Gonyo for her assistance in designing the interview protocol and conducting the interviews and Kristen Mills for her assistance with coding the interviews.	0
This study makes two major contributions to existing literature.	5
Climate change appears as an overarching theme to most rising topics, as the field starts to focus on ways to mitigate (e.g.	5
Abigail Branford is a doctoral student in the Department of Education at the University of Oxford.	0
The purpose of this paper is to benchmark the research performance of tourism, hospitality and event scholars located in Australia and New Zealand (NZ).	1
Building upon this legacy, we set to examine the role of an even ampler set of reference list features in driving a paper citation impact.	1
In doing so high-risk/high-return research is found to be more attractive and financially rational than under the traditional peer review approach.	1
For our study, we select about 8 million articles that were published before 2000 (since recent articles have too short citation histories to show atypical citation patterns) and have at least 10 citations, which are 32.79% of all articles in the same time.	2
We adopted a difference-in-difference (DID) model with multiple periods to evaluate the impact of recruiting TYTS scientists on the academic outputs of their peers.	3
2 School of Information, Kent State University, Kent, OH 44242, USA	0
Fields are determined using the Journal Citation Reports (JCR), which classifies journals based on subject matter.	3
The calculations of three different parameters and the co-citation matrix are detailed in the following.	0
In this comprehensive analysis of in-training and early-career neurosurgeon NREF awardees, we sought to determine the translation of NREF investment to subsequent extramural research funding on the basis of our primary outcome: the NREF impact ratio.	1
The journal-level citation data set is aggregated into 27 subject areas and these subjects are selected as the unit of analysis.	2
Applying h-index to evaluate German political scientists is not recommended.	5
The target group of our questionnaire survey comprised postgraduate medical trainees (all years of training) enrolled in family medicine, medical subspecialty and surgical subspecialty training programmes at the University of Alberta.	2
In research evaluation of single researchers, the assessment of paper and journal impact is of interest.	1
Let us now look at the cumulative data gathered from Web of Science.	0
Comparing the average citation frequency of the articles, it can be seen that the paper citation frequency in the FM group can reach 1.40, which means the papers published by FM groups are more likely to be cited and have the highest influence.	4
Firstly, although it seems that public universities and government institutions dominate research production in Ghana, research by these two sectors was found to be almost completely dependent on collaboration (92% of research in public universities and 98% of research in government institutions could be attributed to collaboration in general, based on figures for the latest year period).	5
Criteria for selection included faculty members under 50 years of age or those not holding a senior academic title.	2
In general, there is a lack of scientometric studies that use outgoing citations as the source of data.	5
We find that applied sciences are the most common target domain for boundary crossing activities originating from physics.	4
The purpose of our study was to identify and characterize the 100 most-cited articles in neuroimaging.	1
Third, the network was divided into clusters using the topological clustering method to maximize modularity (Q) invented by Newman [45, 46].	3
From Web of Science (WoS), I downloaded bibliometric data for all articles published by the supervisors and students up to 2016.	2
10 (top panel) represents the best fit obtained by using a log-normal distribution with the following law:	4
Documents on alcohol were published mainly in journals covering the field of "Substance-Related Disorders," 23.18%, followed by "Medicine," 8.7%, "Psychiatry,' 6.17%, and "Gastroenterology," 5.25%.	4
Based on contraction consistency, an additional characterization of the Hirsch-index is reported.	5
However, citation depth may explain the allocation of researchers across lower-ranked departments.	4
* The word “unique” does not mean the topic did not appear in the other journal, but with a lower frequency than the threshold.	0
As editoras comerciais s?o também as entidades editoriais que mais publicam artigos de autores chineses (4072), sendo 92,3% do total de publica??es.	4
Received: 6 September 2022 / Accepted: 19 April 2023 / Published online: 8 May 2023	0
This article adds to the existing literature by providing a comprehensive view of the technology existing in the 1940s and 1950s, not focusing on computing in particular, and explicitly identifying the technologies and companies that led to the emergency of CG techniques in the 1960s.	1
Conflicts of Interest and Source of Funding: We have no conflicts of interest to report.	0
Yet another example is to consider the same sequences above as coin-tossing, with the 1s and Os representing heads and tails.	0
These findings clearly demonstrate that the publication of original articles, especially in basic research, in HIJs has significantly increased from 2012 to 2017.	5
Generally, NR-PCP showed better results than NR-FP, since F-measures of CP[NR-PCP] were much higher than those of CP[NR-FP].	4
In turn, distal novelty relates inversely to impactful novelty; more distal new links between concepts receive far less uptake (see Fig.	4
2 Department of Computer Science, Faculty of Technology, Art and Design, Oslo and Akershus University College of Applied Sciences, Oslo, Norway	0
The purpose of this study was to provide additional evidence to assess the form and presence or absence of a research culture between these cognate disciplines, which have been previously compared (Holden, Rosenberg, & Barker, 2005a, 2005b; Holden, Rosenberg, Barker, & Onghena, 2006; Linton, Tierney, & Walsh, 2011; Thyer & Polk, 1997).	1
Gender differences is evident in research contribution and women have fewer published papers than men.	5
The public release of the CORE API Client significantly impacts the academic community by enhancing the accessibility and efficiency of accessing the vast collection of open-access scientific literature provided by the CORE aggregator.	5
*Reprint requests should be sent to Douglas Peters, Program in Social Ecology, University of California, Irvine, Calif.	0
1, first of all, we need to define the table with data:	0
Some data on Research Policy articles published in the year 2000 (The year 2000 was chosen as a round number and to give papers a reasonable amount of time to be recognized.) for the six most-cited Research Policy articles in that year have citations totals as follows: 2119, 846, 577, 544, 521, 521.	2
Therefore, this article defines DCCPs and addresses the following two related research questions: (1) What is the frequency of the occurrence of DCCPs?	1
This research enriches MPA theory and provides future research directions from perspective of citation structure and content.	5
We then divided up the time period 2001-2008 into 5 four-year sub-periods as follows: 2001-2004, 2002–2005, ..., 2005–2008.	3
More practical applications, especially in high-tech companies, is an encouraging research trend in social tagging.	5
The resulting clustering provides a stable representation of the journal structure in the database.	5
A comprehensive and typical set of citation data is that compiled by H.	2
The specific affiliation details for each federal agency were sourced from PatentsView1.	2
As one of the first in the journal-ranking literature, this study has significant implications, as it introduces a new ranking approach.	1
This study aims to answer the question of whether utilization of the literature narrows, and if so, how this tendency affects the circulation of ideas.	1
A reference index system and database, 'Science Citation Index Processing System: SCIPS' has been developed for reference indexing and to evaluate the impact factors and immediacy indices.	1
Ke Chen carried out data analysis and wrote the draft of the manuscript.	0
Following common practice, the datasets that are used in this study are retrieved from the China Academic Journals (CAJ) Full-text Database, a part of the CNKI.	2
In the second stage, the journal-level indicators were aggregated to the level of countries and disciplines.	3
Academics largely pointed to material incentives and rewards, such as rewards through performance criteria, internal grant schemes, and other monetary incentives, and rejected non-material solutions such as institutional change.	5
Overall, these findings highlight the improvements made and the challenges that still exist related to publishing within the bioengineering field.	5
A negative binomial regression model was fitted to assess the impact of structural level factors (sociodemographic, health, HIV prevalence and research/development indicators) associated with the variation in HIV research productivity.	3
The synthesised analysis of words in titles and keywords has proved to be a helpful method for revealing the research hotspots and discovering scientific research trends (Fu et al.	3
But competition in science will increasingly take place between multi-national and multi-organisational teams rather than between national research systems or single research organisations.	0
When model specification mis-represents the model too much, ML may not converge because the resulting matrices are not positive definite.	4
A specialized corpus was compiled based on the gathering of publicly available academic integrity policy documents from the HEIs.	2
A questionnaire survey was conducted for the purposes of the research.	3
Using a cohort of 778 articles published in The Journal of Wildlife Management from 2011–2015, we examined how visibility strategies, article structure, and focal system (all factors authors can predominantly control) influenced the accumulation of citations over various time frames within the first 5 years after publication, and the number of days until an article received its first citation.	1
Data was collected from Scopus for the materials chemistry papers published during 2008-2012.	2
The present study tries to discover the composition of ETD repositories in Asia based on the seven key parameters, i.e.	1
We suggest, based on these results, that blog citations can be used as an alternative metric source.	5
What are the landmark papers in scientific disciplines?	1
All content following this page was uploaded by Kemal Yayla on 31 December 2016.	0
The key to gaining international academic recognition is to encourage R&D personnel to actively participate in international academic activities and produce high-quality research results, while S&T service personnel mainly play a supporting role.	4
To solicit data from implicated tourism scholars, two layers of information were gathered and integrated to form a comprehensive picture of the tourism bibliometric landscape.	2
Judging value of scholarly outputs quantitatively remains a difficult but unavoidable challenge.	1
The proposed system explores in-text citation frequencies and in-text citation patterns of co-cited documents within the different logical sections of cited-by papers.	1
For the analysis of views on last authorship, responses were turned into a binary response based on whether they viewed the last author as likely to be the senior author (with “Yes,” “It depends, but probably yes,” and “Not sure, but probably yes” all being coded as 1 and the other three responses as 0).	3
Therefore, in no subject area is there an OA citation advantage.	4
In most cases this involved spelling mistakes or the omission of words or phrases.	0
Valuing citations by the value of the citing items.	1
There was strong correlations between publication numbers and GDP of different countries (r2 = 0.889, p < 0.001).	4
We conclude that there is a wide variety of practices and no common understanding of what the different authorship positions signify.	4
It is a sign of hope that female authorship in ESA journals has increased from 25% in 2004 to 32% in 2016, but the levels of female authorship are still ~14% lower than their representation in ESA membership, reflecting multiple issues women ecologists face in science and society at large.	5
This classification assigns ISI-recorded journals to a "research level" on the basis of their contents and scientific field.	3
Fixed explanatory variables included the career status of both the first and last authors (two-level factors) and the institution size of the first author (three-level factor).	3
We set to develop a list of title attributes that lead to attractive titles in psychology papers, which could then be used to help instruct undergraduate students on how to write good titles for their papers and projects.	1
Acknowledgments This research was supported by Grant PSI2012-32903 (Ministerio de Economía y Competitividad, Spain).	0
independent of potential sources of variation in future article productivity such as individuals' research methodology, the topical focus of research, and hiring department-how does a beginning assistant professor's total number of articles, number of articles in top journals, and doctoral pedigree predict publishing in the future?	1
Among intramural, extramural and international types of collaboration, which are more associated with the specialized or diversified forms of publication by an author?	1
The impact at the international level (i.e., high international impact) is defined by a combination between number of publications, main author status, and citations, more precisely by (1) having at least 10 publications indexed in Web of Science; (2) having a consistent academic output as main author (i.e., an average of at least 1 such article at every three years of academic career, as in most Romanian universities there is a general evaluation at every three years); and (3) having a Hirsch index of at least 7; this is based on the finding that 10 years after graduation (doctoral studies) the average Hirsch index in USA	3
The author thanks Peter Negenborn for his extensive data-analytical and programming work and the referees for several stimulating observations and suggestions.	0
The data of this study was extracted from WoS, by the following queries, ADDRESS: (People R China) Timespan: 1998–2014.	2
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/364572907	0
Specifically, we bring to the surface database features that are typically left implicit and yet are crucial for understanding these databases in context.	1
We do so by measuring the territorial research productivity of professors.	1
Third, a series of multiple regression analyses are run to examine the strength and statistical significance of the relationship between research performance and the six different types of public outreach activities.	3
In the present study, we measure fame by the number of times the scientists’ full names are mentioned relative to the total word count in all English books from that year and relative to each scholar’s lifetime average.	3
The Publish or Perish software (calculation date between 20 and 25 December 2013, www.harzing.com/pop.htm#download) is used to calculate the h-index and g-index for each journal (Harzing, 2010) based on the recent three-year (2010-2012) period.	3
We used a simple linear regression analysis to examine the trend of Japanese representation in top general medicine and basic science journals during 1991-2000 and 2001-2010, separately.	3
The number of publications and normalized citation impact values are compared for these countries based on InCites (Thomson Reuters), from 1981 up to 2011.	2
However, the effect of OA on top-10% and Quartile 1 journals is not significant.	4
In this study, a bibliometric analysis is conducted for analyzing the development of DM and identifying current obstacles.	3
This paper selects articles published in 2010 as experimental samples, and uses the total citation counts of these articles obtained from the beginning of publication to 2018 as the representation of the future citation influence of these articles.	2
For WoS databases, only FAs in journals indexed by SCI-E are systematically recorded.	5
The most frequently and consistently mentioned criteria referred to the expertise and record of high-quality performance of the candidate.	0
Comprehensive index method was used to the evaluate core authors.	3
**Wissenschaftszentrum Berlin für Sozialforschung (WZB), Reichpietschufer 50, D-1000 Berlin 30 (Germany)	0
Here we use two data sources: the arXiv database and WoS.	2
For the purposes of citation analysis, journal names of both citing and cited articles were extracted from the retrieved records.	2
However, there is no consistent pattern for the relationship between ranking in SJR and ranking in number of retractions across countries in our RW dataset, which is skewed mostly by the fact that the RW website tends to post newsworthy retractions, with a bias toward biomedical and clinical sciences.	4
The choice to work only on the WoS database offers the possibility of working on a fine, stable and validated classification (254 WoS subject categories2) which serves as the basis for normalization.	2
Taylor & Sheila Slaughter (2019): Trustees in Turbulent Times: External Affiliations and Stratification among U.S.	0
In the following section, I will model the comparison between the peer-review and scientometric methods for evaluating research output based on the microeconomic theory of production.	3
We assign the author's research field based on the majority of the fields of their paper publications.	3
This quote from Seglen (1992: 636) is a telling example when compared to the Weinstock quote above:	0
The size of this set is the number of elements in it.	0
The total publication outputs for the world and for China were 17,288 and 2,099 from 1998 to 2012, with 14 and 9 document types respectively (Table 1).	4
For example, to derive the 2008 IPCI, the NPRs of Journal A are defined as the citations to articles in Journal A from patents in 2008 divided by the total number of papers published by Journal A in the past 15 years.	3
To see if this were the case, we constructed a data set composed of the trustees of 26 private US Association of American Universities (AAU) universities at two points in time, 1997 and 2005, and the corporations that they directed as well as the corporations on which they sat as members of boards of directors.	2
Among the six main scope categories, the prominent growth in Complications, peri-implant infection/pathology/therapy (from 0 to 13.6%) and Bio-engineering interventions (from 8.1% to 25%) is noted.	4
Keywords H-index · Highly cited papers · Bibliometric measures · Social Work	0
This study was undertaken at an Australian urban university, formerly an institute of technology, with approximately 42,000 students and 3400 academic staff.	2
Using these institutions to identify members of the population, we sampled from science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) disciplines; we include social sciences, consistent with the National Science Foundation conceptualization of STEM disciplines (Green 2007).	2
Thomson Reuters Impact Factor: Measures of journal 'prestige' or influence are in the form of Impact Factors and rankings.	3
Overall, our analyses depict a network that is not only enduring, but also growing and strengthening over time.	5
In other academic disciplines, equilibria are importance salient in that scholars are attentive to article importance and are to some extent insensitive to differences in accessibility.	4
The main research topics are identified through text mining method.	1
For this purpose the Thomson Reuters' subject categories were aggregated into 15 disciplines.	3
Overall, the dataset includes 1,017,594 papers, and their distributions across disciplinary categories and among the six pairs of nations (i.e., US–CN, US–UK, US–AU, CN–UK, CN-AU, and UK-AU) are respectively provided in Tables 1 and 2.	2
We constructed a novel dataset that overlaps all the EPSRC applications, funded or not funded, with the calendar census of all the engineering departments of 40 major UK universities between 1991 and 2007 (Banal-Esta?ol et al., 2015).	2
The core damage of the MMM to the SUS lies in three main issues, for which short-term alternatives can be implemented.	4
Thus we aim to assess factors of impact on the relative productivity by testing the following two hypotheses:	1
Stored and displayed pages of results may be printed and examined at leisure.	0
In general, our purpose is not to prevent this phenomenon or to discredit authors that could be caught in the citation cartel incidentally, but to show that the citation cartels do really exist, and that all responsible for publishing papers, Editors and Reviewers have become aware of this.	5
We collected data from the 13 journals of trauma and orthopaedics with the highest impact factors in 2007 and 2008 according to Thomson Reuters (Table I).	2
Responses from the interviewees were analyzed using multiple correspondence analysis (MCA), commonly used to analyze categorical survey data [33].	3
Basic descriptive statics for each may be found in Table 7.	0
The participants in this study included the team leaders (3) and 15 academic staff representing the School A (5), School B (4) and School C (6); all three schools are in the broad Humanities, Arts and Social Science (HASS) fields.	2
Clusters of medical subject headings (MeSH) were applied to explore the core concepts of a given journal.	3
To examine whether the CSSCI-indexed journals in our dataset have created WeChat public accounts, we manually searched the journals’ titles by using the built-in search engine on WeChat.	3
In this article, I described two divergent models of cycles of credit in the two cases.	5
This compliance is used instrumentally, enabling allonymous science: the suggestion that the presented science is, largely or partially, someone else's science.	5
Coverage It measures the proportion of PubMed documents whose references can be found in the free data source, regardless of the correctness and completeness of references.	3
The reason why book reviews could be used as a selection criterion is not because “reviewed” books are cited more often than non-reviewed books, but because the review process is different for monographs than for journals and almost non-existent in the social sciences and humanities.	5
Our results showed that, taken alone, the dataset based on addresses identified more than 60 % of all potential CIBER publications.	4
We sought to describe the extent and patterns of collaboration among pediatric critical care trialists, and to identify the most influential individuals, centers, and countries.	1
Default options are an effective means of influencing consumer choices: With opt-out choices as defaults, people donate more organs and set aside more money for retirement.	1
Bibliometric data were obtained for each resident from Scopus.	2
The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health.	0
Using this identification strategy, we find no evidence of peer effects when defining the relevant peer group as the entire department.	4
In this research, VOSviewer was used for creating, visualizing and exploring bibliometric features.	3
Twelve participants were recruited from a preceding survey (Fraser et al., 2022) and ten participants among the workshop registrations.	2
In this paper we have demonstrated how the Leiden methodology can be implemented for a sample of three UK business schools.	5
Special thanks to Paolo Zandegiacomo Riziò, who implemented the software simulator used to run the simulation examples.	0
We deploy network analysis on the scholarly database Scopus to gain insight into gender inequity across regions and subject areas and to better understand contextual underpinnings of stagnancy.	1
To analyze EC accessibility, we copied the URL from the reference in the article and pasted it in the Google search engine.	3
In order to assess whether this statement holds true, we sought to compare the results of the 2009 Pryor study to current 2016 data.	1
The publication list of new faculty members was compiled by searching the Korea Citation Index (KCI) managed by the National Research Foundation (NRF) of Korea.	2
When compared to clinicaltrials.gov and covid-trials.org, regarding its capacity to find COVID-19-related clinical trials, Risklick AI found more raw clinical trials than other tools for different categories of treatments such as antibiotic, anticoagulant, and antiviral (Fig.	4
The fact that 90.2% of these journals belong to the first and second quartiles confirms the quality of the research being published by JIPH.	4
Average contributing women authors were 36% out of 5762, both men and women contributing authors.	5
After excluding problematic items (which are often due to double-loading, factors loaded by only one item, or items not loading on any factor), the iterative practice of re-running the ESEM analysis and selecting the solution with the best fit and again excluding problematic items will be followed.	3
This defines a time resolved, geolocalized citation network including 2,307 cities around the world engaged in the production of scholarly work in the area of Physics.	4
During the 10-year interval, we found a total of 20,359 Jordan-affiliated publications indexed in Scopus.	2
The number of authors on Ecology papers is increasing over time (Z = 24.46, p < .0001), with a particularly notable uptick after 1996 (Fig.	4
However, since the 1990s the rapid growth of the Ph.D.	4
This might be due to little awareness, or perhaps the non-existence, of alphabetical discrimination in Finance.	5
The percentage of HS references to all references indexed in WoS in HSS articles is defined as the independent variable (STAMP).	3
Screening effects may partly be responsible yet appeared insufficient to explain the magnitude of the observed effects, supporting the idea that failure may teach valuable lessons19–21,25.	5
Part of the research was conducted during Shengbo Liu's visiting doctoral studentship at the iSchool at Drexel University.	0
Preto, University of S?o Paulo, in Ribeir?o Preto; UFSP(EMP), Federal University S?o Paulo/ S?o Paulo School of Medicine, in S?o Paulo.	0
We conducted a comprehensive workshop along with surveys to explore the specific challenges faced by researchers in this region and gain insights into their personal experiences with the scientific publishing process.	3
The analysis of availability of articles for 2016 in Sci-Hub show that black open access in all disciplines is much higher, ranging from 78% for multidisciplinary field to 97% for Chemistry.	4
To further quantify the impact of gold OA publishing practices, we conducted ordinary least squares (OLS) regression of the citation ratios of gold OA to non-OA on the respective article ratios of gold OA to non-OA for both the world and the Chinese mainland, and vice versa.	3
Further, we find that while research visits of tenured staff enhance the career by providing an early chair, postdoctoral fellowships have no lasting effect on career progression.	4
Thus the scientists in life sciences and natural sciences, in general, had more co-authors than publications, and the cases of mathematics and social sciences show the opposite picture (Zhang & Gl?nzel, 2012).	4
Table 6 Chi square tests on author affiliations (using the 10 most cited author groups)	0
This study assesses whether online book reviews from Amazon.com could be useful for the impact assessment of academic books.	1
Of the four OA LIS journals analyzed in detail, it is observed that single-authored contributions are most popular.	5
The present study assessed scientific activities in the field of social and neighbouring sciences using density equalizing mapping.	1
The following bibliometric information was collected and calculated: lifetime h-index, five-year h-index (2012–2016), lifetime number of citations, five-year number of citations (2012–2016), and the year the surgeon started publishing.	3
We found modest correlation between chairman h-index and our impact ranking with an R of 0.511.	4
The Matthew Effect is stronger for internationally collaborative papers than for domestic collaborative articles.	4
Our findings indicate that the methodological quality of studies published in OA and non-OA journals, as well as the quality of reporting, are comparable.	5
This article conducts a bibliometric analysis of two large-scale annual geography conferences, the AAG and CCG, with the aim of revealing the frontier directions and hot issues of geographical research.	1
This study analysed the publications in PS recorded in Thomson Reuters' Social Sciences Citation Index (Institute for Scientific Information [ISI] Web of Knowledge, 2012) from 1990 to 2011 by means of EndNote X6 Software, 2012 and BibExcel (Persson, Danell, & Wiborg-Schneider, 2009) software.	2
This study aimed to identify and analyze the 3,872 article and review type papers of blueberry research based on Web of Science.	1
The best method for analyzing citations is to use the resources available to you, and at most libraries that will mean making use of either Scopus or WoS in addition to GS and MA.	5
Mendeley readerships have been collected (using the Mendeley REST API) up to mid October 2014 and Altmetric.com data has been collected (through their API) up to 12 November 2014.	2
The results show that the increase in number of co-authors and share of co-authorship in Danish Economics and Political Science is to some extent a result of changes in research methods, research approaches, and collaboration with researchers from other institutions.	5
Aiming to predict paper's potential to become high-level cited, this paper proposes a technical framework for predicting high citation potential.	5
Downloaded from jmd.sagepub.com at UNIV OF MASSACHUSETTS on April 10, 2015	0
Finally, this study provides a practical implication that the strategy of hiring faculty who are returnees or foreign born might be effective for increasing an institution's global centrality.	5
Note that these citation features can be grouped into three main categories: citation authority, citation proximity, and citation inertia.	3
To offer quantitative answers to this question, we leverage a unique dataset, containing all R01 grant applications ever submitted to the NIH, to examine early-career success and failure.	2
We employ the Centre d'études Prospectives et d'Information Internationales (CEPII) database on distance measures (Mayer and Zignago 2006).	2
Hidden criteria, including social, political, and demographic factors, are perceived important, especially in intransparent assessment procedures, opening up for assessors' evaluative flexibility.	4
A relative citation impact can be calculated for any unit and compared to an appropriate baseline.	3
In gold open access an article is publicly accessible immediately after publishing, usually authors are charged for publication and owns copyrights; whereas in green open access an article is published in a conventional subscription-based journal and authors are allowed to archive the copy of publication in a freely accessible source, usually an institutional repository.	4
Evaluations revealed an increased awareness of, and interest in, impact tracking tools that capture both traditional scholarship, like journal articles, and nontraditional scholarly and creative outputs, such as videos, podcasts and newsletters.	4
Additionally, we used co-authorship analysis, bibliographic coupling analysis, and co-citation analysis, among other bibliometric indicators.	3
As summarized in Table 1, Korean LIS faculty published 548 papers about information science (27.6%), followed by 284 bibliographic studies (14.3%), 273 library services (13.8%), and 258 information organization (13.0%) papers, etc.	4
The analysis was carried out in the period 2–8 May 2012.	0
This procedure is conservative, as overlapping items diminish contrasts between countries.	0
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
The main results show that those private and older universities, best-ranked in terms of excellence researching and those that have been gradually adopting Open Government policies concerning the dissemination of information through institutional web pages and social participation, are the most interested with complying the recommendations established by the authorities of the Open Science projects.	4
After SMOTE augmentation/upsampling, we have 1000 citation records of each class to balance the dataset.	2
Secondly, management science marks the discipline on which Liu's research exerted ever-increasing influence over the past decade.	4
Although no illegal DOIs were found for records published in 2016, 2017, and 2018, one illegal DOI was found for a record published in 2019.	4
Which methods coincide most closely with the AAC?	1
The metric N_TOP0_1 + is the number of citing years where the cited reference is a ‘top-cited reference’.	3
., N universities) with the link between θj and yi adjusted by intercepts νp and slopes λp for p = 1, .	3
To quantify our answers to Question 1, we calculated standard graph theory parameters to describe the complexity of the network, including 'small-worldness' representing whether arbitrary terms are linked through a small number of connections (Humphries and Gurney, 2008) via (Konganti et al., 2013), and ‘Hausdorff dimensionality' (Hausdorff, 2001) a measure of fractal dimensionality to describe the internal complexity of the network;	3
We define a discrete power law with exponential cutoff, test Lotka's data, and compare the fit to the discrete power law.	1
The contribution of the methodology Methodi Ordinatio, beyond what other methodologies have done, is the index InOrdinatio that ranks the articles according to its scientific relevance.	5
This study sets out a methodology to assess the impact of university research on the patent system by analysing the global impact of universities on international patents.	5
Is Collaboration Among Scientists Related to the Citation Impact of Papers Because Their Quality Increases With Collaboration?	1
Three concepts guided the analysis: 1) persistence, rate of subsequent citations over time; 2) reach, geographic distribution of subsequent citations; and 3) dissemination, specialty of follow-on citations.	1
The top-cited article was published by Rossouw et al in JAMA in 2002 and received 9204 citations.	4
This study is intended to facilitate fair research evaluations in economics.	1
A structural topic model approach to scientific reorientation of economics and chemistry after German reunification	1
No correlations were found between the number of citations and number of years since publication (p=0.192), number of institutes (p=0.081), number of authors (p=0.270), females in authorship (p=0.150) or number of grants (p=0.384).	4
The results of a statistical survey of 224 Russian universities sample in the four evaluation periods (2013–2016), listed below (Table 1), revealed certain trends and relationships between the system of intellectual capital factors and results.	2
MCL-1 may be the latest hot spot in the TNBC research and individuals currently involved in it may be pioneers to lead the field in TNBC research in the next few years.	5
By 2010, among the 13 considered fields, computer science (in which software engineering is included) presents the third smallest average (3.3), just above mathematics (2.2) and social sciences (2.1).	4
Many thanks to all the individuals who participated in the survey.	0
The survey response rate was 100%, identifying 33 secondary grants, 65 conference presentations, 10 prizes and 69 publications associated with the FRO grants and consequential research.	4
This article will describe the process of developing and advocating for an open access policy as a later adopter, in the wake of the 2022 OSTP memorandum.	1
There is now a fear that the academic output of trainees will decrease as a consequence.	5
Therefore, this paper argues that the SEIRS epidemic mode, ich has a certain latent state (E) and feedback mechanism (R to S), is more consiste...........e nature of the knowledge diffusion process in scientific collaboration, and is more suitabe to function as the basic model of differential dynamics for knowledge diffusion in sc、tific collaboration networks.	3
We observed a positive and significant relationship between citations of a paper (expressed as Pearson residuals) and the number of cited references (Estimated β±s.e.	4
In so doing, this article maps co-citation, co-authorship, and co-occurrence networks by employing VOSviewer software.	3
The results showed that prior to the evaluation process, participants demonstrated a strong preconceived, political belief that the results of the evaluation process must 'showcase' the value of British research to the public and policymakers as part of a rationale designed to ensure continued public-based research funding.	4
Do library print and electronic holdings correlate with other book metrics?	1
This factor supported the above discussion with the fact that all the above three labs were found high with h-index, i.e.	4
7 School of Economics, Beijing Technology and Business University, Beijing 100048, China	0
The Research Integrity and Organizational Climate (RIOC) survey was developed by Gaddis et al.	2
With growth in the quantity of business ethics journals in recent years, assessments of journal quality are helpful to ethics researchers and administrators, as researchers consider available publication venues, and administrators consider the value of faculty research.	1
A retrospective analysis was performed of all expedited COVID-19 articles published in IJO from April 2020 to March 2022.	2
The USA was the largest contributor, with 4008 articles published over 5 years, followed by the UK (1163 articles).	4
The findings of this study have important implications for policymakers.	5
To investigate the disciplinary and diachronic variation of cohesion in HCRA titles, a series of analyses of variance (ANOVAS) and multivariate analyses of variance (MANOVAs) was performed with discipline and period as independent variables, and numbers of cohesive relations as dependent variables.	3
This paper is organized as follows: Section 2 outlines related work, Section 3 details the methods we applied in the present paper, Section 4 provides and discusses the research results, and Section 5 concludes the research and identifies future work.	0
TERGMS are a temporal extension of ERGMs designed to capture the dependence between a network's past and current states.	3
Science and Public Policy, volume 24, number 1, February 1997, pages 21-27, Beech Tree Publishing, 10 Watford Close, Guildford, Surrey GU!	0
Is there any difference between the research impact (number of citations) of papers authored by Twitter and non-Twitter users?	1
This implies both challenges and opportunities for other countries at medium levels of development, which need to harness their capabilities to benefit from commercial opportunities through targeted investments and strategic collaborations (Kay and Shapira, 2009).	0
The American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) publishes the AACR Cancer Progress Report annually (176 articles from the 2011 to 2014 reports).	2
In Model 2, cognitive heterogeneity corresponds to b = 0.180 (p < 0.001), and has a significant positive effect on innovation performance in colleges and universities.	4
However, the average citation-gap between selected or deselected studies narrows slightly over time, which fits poorly with the name-dropping interpretation and better with the quality and impact-interpretation.	4
Table 2: Distribution of Citing Sources of Two Individual Papers from CILS (2006)	0
China had the highest number of highly cited studies per 2-month period until July to August 2020 (138.3 studies vs 103.7 studies for the US, the second highest country), and the US had the greatest number of highly cited studies afterward (159.9 studies vs 157.6 studies for China in September to October 2020).	4
Our principal interest is to test whether Fi with stronger cross-disciplinary orientation (that is, higher χi) correlate with higher Ci.	1
Among the HEPLCs, CERN LHC accounts for 50.5% of all publications, followed by FNAL (18%), another CERN experiment LEP (4.5%), KEK (4%), BNL (3.5%), and SLAC (2.5%).	4
The documents identified have a total of 300 citations (45 articles) in Scopus, with 6.66 citations/articles and an H index = 0, whereas WoS registers 144 citations (33 articles), 4.36 citations/articles and an h-index = 7.	4
To analyze the publications on 'population genetics of Neotropical plants', we surveyed the Thomson Reuters Web of Science database (http://apps.webofknowledge.com) using the Web of Science platform (ISI hereafter).	2
In the following, we compare the specific indicators of quality and impact s and i as measures of the average strength and impact of the group or department per individual contained within it.	3
The data were obtained from Clarivate Analytics (formerly Thomson Reuters Scientific) Web of ScienceTM and InCitesTM.	2
The optimisation is achieved by capitalising a heuristic method, PSO, implemented in python.	3
Internationalizing this profile is a complex task that is still in its initial stages.	5
Following scholars in Scientometrics as examples, we develop five author relationship networks, namely, co-authorship, author co-citation (AC), author bibliographic coupling (ABC), author direct citation (ADC), and author keyword coupling (AKC).	1
RQ2: What does the SSD tell us about the social sustainability of Vietnamese social scientists' communities?	1
Reported lead author contributions in ecological research studies consistently included conception of the project idea, data collection, analysis, and writing.	4
The tone of comments tended to be critical (40%) or constructive (34%).	4
There are significant positive Spearman correlations between the Microsoft Academic and BKCI citation counts in all fields and years at the p 0.01 level (except for Philosophy, Ethics and Religion and Other Social Sciences in 2016) (Figs.	4
To identify GL archiving patterns among Indian OA repositories.	1
Mean time since publication of the 100 most-cited articles was 6.60 ± 1.66 years (range: 2–10 years) and mean number of citations per article was 49.59 ± 24.16 (range: 30–169).	4
Main data were collected through questionnaire survey conducted by Association of Vietnam University and Colleges in Vietnam science and technology universities in corporation with Hanoi University of Science and Technology under research project BKA-2017-41 funded by Ministry of Education and Training, Vietnam.	2
Within academia insular modules associated with psychology, general medical, and psychiatry/neuroscience/biology were also detected.	4
The RAE, peer-reviewed measures of strength S are compared to the absolute, citation-based measures of NCI in Fig.	4
The data collection took place from February to March 2017 and the data was analysed using standard statistical software.	2
In this paper we estimate the impact of excellence policies conducted at the university level, based on recent German and French experiences.	5
In conclusion, it is apparent that the researchers in selected countries have published their studies in the adult hip discipline.	5
The study examines 2000 published articles belonging to 50 research scholars of different disciplines.	2
The remaining 26% of the citations is not included in our analysis.	0
Web of Science accessed on March 29, 2007; MFS denotes the mean family size.	0
We built the citation network, in which nodes represent papers and directed edges (p1, p2) represent paper p1 citing paper p2.	3
More interestingly, vast majority among top-twenty ranked productive authors are affiliated in USA and Israel; Yehuda Lindell is found to be the most prolific author followed by Rosario Gennaro (USA), Tamir Tassa (Israel), Jonathan Katz (USA), etc.;	4
The research output in the field of LIS during the period of study has recorded a significant growth.	5
The estimated coefficient for manuscripts with prestigious reviewers is 70.0328, and it is statistically significant at the 5% level.	4
Conclusion: A multitude of errors exist in the otolaryngology field.	5
We also find that, notwithstanding the very reduced rate at which new technologies are introduced, the generation of novel technological combinations engenders a practically infinite space of technological configurations.	4
The NSSFC focuses more on funding emerging topic research, while the NSFC prefers funding traditional topic research.	5
Conversely, scientists from Western developed countries had a disproportionately greater share of articles published in those same top-tier journals.	4
To estimate the strength of the reputation effect, we perform a longitudinal analysis on the careers of 450 highly cited scientists, using the total citations C; of each scientist as his/her reputation measure.	3
Inventorship, on the other hand, is more clearly related to conceptual contributions, and social factors appear to play a more limited role.	5
The second group of applied technologies combines in some proportion those three components-computation, electronics, and image production to improve character recognition, television, photography, radar, flight simulators, medical systems, and fax technologies.	5
Using about 500,000 pairs of actual and randomly generated scholarly citations, a series of Random Forest-based classification experiments were conducted to quantitatively evaluate the correlation between each constructed citation feature and citation decisions made by scholars.	3
We evaluate the effectiveness and generality of DeepCCP in two public citation datasets and compare it with previous works such as DeepCas and DeepHawkes: HEP-PH (Chen et al., 2019) & APS (Shen et al., 2014).	2
Davis, and an anonymous referee provided helpful advice on drafts of this article.	0
First, all publicly retracted papers in MBE journals were identified through keywords searches in 7 major databases (n = 1329 journals).	2
From the ProQuest database of dissertations, all available abstracts were taken for the years 1978–2008 for dissertations whose subject headings included the text strings “psychology,” “physics,” or “philosophy” (excluding any dissertations that had more than one of these strings to avoid redundancies and maintain mutually exclusive categories).	2
2 allows us to predict the cumulative number of citations acquired by paper i at time t after publication (supplementary materials S2.2)	3
Most productive subject categories of journals were Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging (86,568 papers), Clinical Neurology (29,722) and Surgery (23,564).	4
We have demonstrated that the groups of journals found with the SBM method are often not communities in the sense that they have less citations going inside the group than in and out of the group.	5
The results from the OLS regression analysis at each scientific actor and integrated level showed that the associations between the number of departments and interdisciplinary indicators, except for balance, were significantly positive.	4
Our findings shed light on the significance of non-scientific elements overlooked in peer review, offering policymakers and research management insights in choosing evaluation methodologies.	5
Cited references from articles published in 4 pediatric nursing journals between 2011 and 2013 were collected.	2
Being a present or former departmental colleague or protégé of an editor-in-charge is positively associated with the probability of appointment to the board.	4
By using the data format conversion tool provided by CiteSpace, RefWorks literature exported from CNKI was converted into a data format recognized by CiteSpace.	3
What are the structure characteristics of text mining literature about management?	1
3 (Top) As the penalty cb increases the journal wants to minimize the chance of losing a high-quality manuscript which happens if Abenchmark is reduced and Qbenchmark is increased; (bottom) as the penalty from reviewer dissatisfaction with the revised manuscript (cu) increases, the journal wants to increase the expected level of author effort Abenchmark and decrease Qbenchmark	0
Full name listings for regular full-time faculty members were provided by administrators in the School of Nursing for the 2014-2015 academic year.	2
So in this application we chose the Fast Algorithm to cluster members in academic space.	3
The number of first-generation tweets has the most remarkable impact on subsequent dissemination.	4
This study examines if and how gender relates to research evaluation via panel assessment and journal ratings lists.	1
We find that across all three domains, individuals tend to explore diverse styles or topics before their hot streak, but become notably more focused after the hot streak begins.	4
The igraph adaptation of Louvain clustering (Blondel et al., 2008), and linear regression were applied to detect clusters and trends over the entire studied period.	3
In this case study, we analyzed tweet texts of three retracted publications about COVID-19 (Coronavirus disease 2019)/SARS-CoV-2 (severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2) and their retraction notices.	2
A content analysis of peer review documentation revealed that a hyperfocus on methods, which can be traced back to disciplinary origins, continues to be a guiding normativity.	4
The authors thank Eric Bonsang, Didier Fouarge, two anonymous referees, as well as audience at the annual EALE-conference 2009 in Tallinn for helpful comments.	0
We conclude by discussing implications of our findings, the increasing usage of Google Scholar and profiles, and the increasing importance of an online presence in the academy.	5
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2022	0
This study used a mixed-mode survey strategy that entailed administering both mail and online surveys.	2
Nevertheless, China is now the number two science country in the world, the largest producer of papers and number one in parts of STEM physical sciences.	4
We find that male researchers more often value and engage in research mainly aimed at scientific progress, which is more cited.	4
Enabling rhetorical citing increased the correlation between paper quality and citations, increased citation churn, and reduced citation inequality.	4
Through systematic collection, collation, and analysis of raw data, variables such as specific key topics, number of publications, and year of publications are segmented for statistical analysis.	3
This study analyzes scholarly publications supported by library open access funds, including author demographics, journal trends, and article impact.	1
Involved were programs in the fields of Education, Pedagogical Sciences, and Anthropology in The Netherlands.	1
ASPHO sent Membership Demographic Surveys to 1,911 members in 2013 and 1,882 members in 2016 but surveys were often only partially completed such that the response rate was widely variable and question specific.	2
The color of each directed edge is same as the color of its source node (color figure online)	0
Finally, university managerial boards, teased with the "mirror" of university rankings and the picture a simulacrum of reality, are still unaware of the damage.	5
This group shows the lowest interdisciplinarity which means that this group predominantly employs references from similar journals and thus aggregates categories which are in a sense generically related to nanosciences.	5
The scores refer to the December 2019 ranking.	2
We found that universities' commitment to IDR, as manifested in their organizational structure (i.e., the number and interdisciplinary nature of key research units: departments and centers), spurs both scholarly research and NIH grant activity in general, and interdisciplinary research and NIH grant activity in particular.	4
This study represents the first comprehensive investigation of the scope and depth of OPR adoption in the open science era.	5
In the past 20 years, the research outcome of rehabilitation using virtual reality technology research has increased substantially.	5
To verify this merge, we inspected 100 random records manually and found all these merges were accurate.	0
In this study, we proposed an optimization ranking algorithm based on a weighted citation network and the P-Rank algorithm.	5
The framework of this investigation is Abbott's theory of professions, and I argue that indicator-based research assessment constitutes a potential jurisdiction for both individual experts and expert organizations.	1
The present qualitative study sets out to identify the mediating mechanisms connecting organizational capacities made possible through the CoE grant (e.g.	1
A co-citation between two documents was established when both were listed in the references of a third document.	3
The MBM implemented in the R package ‘GREMLINS’ automatically selected the number of clusters per period settling for three groups in 1991–2000, five in 2001–2010, and nine in 2011-2020.	4
Zeshui Xu cited IJUFKS publications the most out of all other authors, followed by Radko Mesiar, José M.	4
After the main search of journal articles by country (CU=Nigeria), analysis of the results was carried out by discipline, “Information Science and Library Science" (library and information science) which was selected from the Web of Science categories.	3
Libraries must learn from these kinds of resources how to improve the access to their scientific resources, and propose to the editors a different way of business, more similar to Spotify or Netflix than the journal bundles offered nowadays, usually with numerous journals with an embargo period or no relevance to the scientific community.	5
Berman, PhD, MD, Pathology and Laboratory Medicine Service (113), VA Medical Center, 10 N Greene St, Baltimore, MD 21201-1524.	0
The Brazilian Journal of Medical and Biological Research is partially financed by	0
Preprinting chemistry research not only fulfills the objective of open-access to maximize research impact by maximizing research access, but it also frees and improves the scholarly communication process.	5
Moreover, papers with dubious affiliations are more prevalent in collaborations among Western nations compared to those involving China.	4
The approach draws on limited text information (the titles of references) and publicly shared library for word embeddings, which minimizes the requirement of data access and computational cost.	3
As approximately 95% of science in Brazil is produced in postgraduate courses, the aim in this paper was to characterize the production profiles of postgraduate lecturers in different areas of Brazilian Science, with emphasis on social sciences and humanities (SSH), using international and national databases.	1
However, with increased improvement over the years, mobile Internet access has greatly increased, with the latest estimation of Nigeria's mobile Internet users being 93.4 million (Azeez, 2015).	4
Two key productive clusters are evident, one based in Catalonia and the other centred on Madrid.	4
In the first step, we calculated the mean MNCSs for all universities (using “All Sciences” and “2012–2015” as examples).	3
The most frequent keywords identified in the most 2000 cited papers on sustainable-related energy from Scopus are: biomass, emission, fuels, performance, sustainable development, change, policy, fossil fuel, environmental impact, power, biofuel, electricity, conversion and hydrogen, while the most frequent sub-topics in the most recent papers are: production, performance, energy consumption, product, policy, emission, building, power, fuel, biomass, renewable energy, environmental impact, electricity and waste.	4
Analysis focused on the 14 China-based Leading Journals (referred to as Chinese journals hereafter) selected under the Plan 2019, all of which were freely accessible.	2
The main research question we ask in this article is therefore: RQ: 'What happens at the aggregated national output and impact levels when institutional funding is linked to differentiated publication counts?'	1
Publicly available online institutional documents on plagiarism and academic integrity were retrieved according to the following procedure.	2
Each year, however, they are also required to distribute a given percentage of their funding to other scientists whom they feel would make best use of the money (Fig.	3
The w-tree compression results are separated into the basic layout and the scaled layout versions.	4
The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and approving it for publication was Honghao Gao.	0
The University of Washington Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center (n = 15) was the leading institution.	4
Several subject fields perform well in terms of the number of citations from patents, especially Library and Information Science, Language and Linguistics, Education, and Law, but many of the most cited journals find themselves in the interface between SSH and biomedical or natural sciences.	4
Indeed, we verified that most publications in the field are in Portuguese, published in regional journals with low impact factors.	5
The study determines the ranking of the barriers based on their strength/influence using the FAHP.	3
Second, time was elevated in the analysis procedure to capture the dynamism of knowledge formation.	3
This study found that the nature of the project affected the extent of plagiarism.	4
From the prevalent perspective of viewing citation linkage as knowledge flow, this study is particularly important, because our results suggest a continuous linkage of public science to private sector inventions.	5
All entities are treated as first-class objects and are mapped to a database of research institutions and a standard set of research classifications via machine-learning techniques.	3
The profile of Twitter users who published the articles were classified into: type of profile (personal, institutional and character), profile category (social, academic and professional), occupation, field of work, geographical and institutional links.	3
Thus, the proposal has shown that it is a more complete approach than the existing ones.	5
Despite the critique in the San Francisco Declaration on Research Assessment (DORA) published about 5 years ago, journal impact factors (JIFs) are still heavily used by research managers, evaluators, and publishers in the assessment of individual researchers and scientific journals.	4
In this paper, to solve the spatial bias in citation networks, we propose a SDCR and study it using citation data collected from ISI WoS in the subject category of “Transportation Science and Technology”.	5
Finally, awardees of the Derek de Solla Price Memorial Medal and the Association for Information Science and Technology's awards were used to evaluate the validity of NSAP for calculating scholar performance assessment.	2
To improve the academic output of the specialty, it is important to identify the factors associated with greater productivity.	1
In part two of the analyses, the relationships between sociodemographic factors and each of the perceived solutions for research misconduct scales were investigated using ordinary least-squares regression.	3
This paper describes the use of Big Data and computational approaches in social sciences by bibliometric analyses of articles indexed between 2015 and 2020 in Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) of the Web of Science repository.	1
Tony Bates, President and CEO of Tony Bates Associates Ltd, is acknowledged with appreciation.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
and DI?) points out different foci: as Bornmann and Tekles (2019) reveal, DI? mostly brings out scientometrics papers with local focus (e.g., issues rooted in countries such as Iberian-American countries, Korea, or Iceland).	4
In addition, researchers with fewer years of research experience on average have more experience with reading preprints and are more willing to post preprints.	4
The results show that user real-time feedback along with citation analyzer improves precision, recall and nDCG in all of the cases comparatively.	4
However, their novel contributions are devalued and discounted: For example, novel contributions by gender and racial minorities are taken up by other scholars at lower rates than novel contributions by gender and racial majorities, and equally impactful contributions of gender and racial minorities are less likely to result in successful scientific careers than for majority groups.	4
The policy impact of research was measured by the number of citations in policy documents (hereinafter referred to as policy citations).	2
In conclusion, we believe the scientific community could have used the data more efficiently in order to create proper foundations for finding new solutions for the COVID-19 pandemic.	5
These overviews were also compared with those of the reciprocal pair.	0
Among the article count indicators, Straight count is significantly different from the others.	4
To verify the hypothesis that the gap between the impact of cities within their respective countries has been shrinking, we have measured the evolution of their normalised Gini index, applied to the scientific impact ratio of cities that took part in scientific activities throughout the period in consideration (Halffman and Leydesdorff 2010).	3
It now seems likely that China will indeed pass the U.S. about 2017.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, (?):-, 2012	0
Also, China was the only country to have frequent mentions in policy documents.	4
In this study we will explain what adjusted predictions and marginal effects are and how useful they are for institutional evaluative bibliometrics.	1
After taking into account the number of authors, Journal Citation Reports 2020 Quartile, year of publication, and Web of Science category, we still found that open access generated significantly more citations than closed access (p < 0.0001).	4
The quantity of research output (measured per capita) and quality of research output of IISERs is congruent and comparable to research output from well-established and premier Indian institutions in scientific research.	5
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how attitudinal, normative and control beliefs influence scientists' article sharing through ResearchGate.	1
In this article, we introduce the dominance ranking approach that investigates the extent of hierarchy in a given set of objects by examining the extent of intransitivity in the system of interactions.	1
The data in this paper mainly come from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the World Bank, the International Energy Agency, the League of Nations, the World Trade Organization, the International Monetary Fund, this paper selects the indicator data of the above countries from international authoritative statistical institutions and databases for the period of 2009-2022, and by comparing the data from different sources, we carry out a strict logic and consistency check.	2
APCs present an economic barrier to those groups that do not have funding available for paying for them, although they are not the main criterion when selecting a journal.	5
Our results support the view that peer review fosters mainstream research.	5
Using a data set of the 54 scholars who obtained a Ph.D.	2
What specific concerns drive the remarkable proliferation of journal lists in China?	1
How is the relationship affected by publication time and discipline?	1
2b), which is similar to a previous study on Wikipedia bilateral ties.	4
The paper attempts to fill this knowledge gap.	1
Most papers originated from the United States (58%), Germany (9%), and Italy (6%), which did not correlate with citation counts.	4
The median number of citations per paper was higher in English-language journals.	4
A clustering technique was used to assign each term to a cluster.	3
The interdisciplinary team reporting, analysis, and query resource (iTRAQR) system was developed to collect and organize the network information reported by participants during the program life cycle.	3
In terms of country/territory, researches from China cite the most number of the FODM publications with 2654 papers.	4
This study showed that self-citation is much rarer in pediatric journals as compared to other fields of medicine.	5
Based on retrieved publications we constructed a number of bibliometric maps using the VOSviewer software (freely available at www.vosviewer.com), specifically developed for creating, visualizing and exploring science's bibliometric maps.	3
To evaluate the effects, we use the difference-in-differences estimator and measure research outcomes in terms of number of papers and citation counts per paper.	3
This paper seeks to measure the early impact of research articles through the sentiments expressed in tweets about them.	1
We investigated these factors in citation statistics of academic neurosurgeons.	1
Pepperdine University is a liberal arts institution with about 7,800 students and just under 400 full-time faculty.	2
In the first experiment, we operationalized inventor status with the position of department chair: the treatment group received an invention disclosure submitted by a department chair (full professor and department chair), while the control group received an invention disclosure submitted by a regular faculty member (full professor and not department chair).	3
Building on evidence about the negative impact of high journal prices on SMEs and how important the academic literature is for industrial research (especially in knowledge-intensive industries (Parsons et al.	1
In both ROAR and DOAR, data for each country was extracted by typing the country name in the search field of the directory and through that process the number of repositories and records were generated.	3
Considering the fact that new research builds on previous research, the un-vetted papers published in predatory journals by Iranian researchers can be a base for future low-quality research.	5
Given a particular edition of a book (aka title), libcitations are counts of the number of libraries that hold it.	3
However, these differences between domestic and international shoulders are not visible for the UK.	4
In order to develop the article dataset, we searched the Scopus database for all articles with at least one author affiliated with Johns Hopkins University that was published in 2005, 2010, and 2015 (other authors could have been, and very often were, affiliated with other universities).	2
In both journals 47.15% articles had at least one funding source.	4
We collected data on 35 years of retractions in the journal Science, from 1983 to 2017.	2
Further inquiry into spatial ramifications reveals that implementing big data policies within pilot cities induces a "siphon effect" that pulls investments and talent from nearby cities to them.	4
Having located all the datasets, we programmed a script using Python, in order to consolidate all the datasets in our database:	3
It also turns out that the number of articles and the central role played in the network are not related, contrary to expectations.	4
We analyzed the research output in the natural sciences of three leading European research economies (Germany, the Netherlands, and the UK) and ask where their researchers look for the knowledge that underpins their most highly-cited papers.	1
Women are more satisfied with life than men for all age groups except the oldest one (this partly reflects the differences in life expectancy).	4
Researchers' participation in the ResearchGate social network is effective in increasing citation indicators.	5
The main purpose of this study was to explore the stability of journal rankings based on seven indicators of journal impact: JIF2, JIF5, AIS, SJR, H, IPP, and SNIP.	1
With these questions we go on to examine three key areas.	1
We performed a scientometric analysis of 'population genetics of Neotropical plants' publications in Thomson Reuters Web of Science database, to identify patterns and trends and generate useful information for science and technology policy and decision-making in research funding.	1
this article studies country citation distributions for a partitioning of the world into 36 countries and two geographical areas in eight broad scientific fields and the all-sciences case.	1
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
The sample comprises 3876 pieces, including 15859 keywords from journals responsible for the growth of the discipline, namely the Journal of Behavioral and Experimental Economics, Journal of Behavioral and Experimental Finance, Journal of Economic Psychology, Journal of Behavioral Finance, and Review of Behavioral Finance.	2
Later it had risen to 1.17 in 2016.	4
The causal effect is identified in a difference-in-differences research design, using a control group of patent inventors whose co-inventors did not pass away but who are otherwise similar to the inventors who experienced the premature death of a co-inventor.	3
The list of medical indications was used to conduct a keyword search in the Web of Science databases (WoS).	2
Subsequently, we performed a clustering analysis by coupling to determine the correlation between different groups of phrases in our study.	3
Burst detection is a computational technique that has been used to identify abrupt changes of events and other types of information [6].	3
The former (Outlier sample) includes researchers showing very high RG Scores, while the latter (Nobel sample) features Nobel laureates also present in RG.	2
This study provides a scientometrics analysis about diabetes research in Middle East region and collaboration analysis among this region's countries.	5
The first implication is that the cultivation of an ecology of interdisciplinary collaboration requires constant, and renewal of, effort in the face of a dominant traditional disciplinary-based research culture.	5
A total of 6127 articles were included from the cumulative database.	4
However, international collaboration is a complicated phenomenon that depends on a variety of complex factors, such as the direct benefits (e.g.	5
It is based on a representative sample of PhD programs from 164 Chinese universities from all fields of science.	2
Our findings indicate that national rankings tend to include a larger number of indicators that primarily focus on educational and institutional parameters, whereas global ranking systems tend to have fewer indicators mainly focusing on research performance.	4
We adopted the second model of assessment to analyze and compare disciplinary competitiveness in stomatology among higher education institutions around the world.	1
The most common topic in these articles was screening test effectiveness.	4
In our analysis of the organization of HEP laboratories and the epistemic goals they pursue, we will rely on the available official records of laboratories, as well as historical, sociological, anthropological, and scientometric accounts of those laboratories that were cutting edge at their inception.	2
new compounds) thus far within many TrM departments.	5
This means an increasing number of references in a paper may be contributing to the increase in citations.	5
Building on their contributions, the present work intends to address the leading role of more advanced institutions in a process of extending the scientific capacity of the country in a period of economic restrictions.	1
Data do not sum up to 100% because the percentage for other countries is not included.	0
We observed an increased odds ratio of citations for articles selected for a press release and also with the number of articles published previously by the corresponding author.	4
The results of the current study suggest the hIa can be used as a more nuanced metric for the reasoned comparison of research performance across disciplines.	5
The annual number of publications by ML researchers exceeded those from TW and HK.	5
Cramer's V is applied in order to measure the association strength using the “vcd" package implemented in R Software (Meyer et al.	3
Links between authors in different African countries are often bridged by non-Africans.	4
Six thousand nine hundred seven articles related to asbestos were retrieved.	2
This study was carried out to investigate research activity in "nutrition and dietetics" in Arab countries.	1
The goodness-of-fit test used suggests that the two-exponent model is a plausible hypothesis for impact factors of journals in Chemistry, Economics, Mathematics and Psychology.	4
Especially in the circumstance of water resource shortage and water quality deterioration, membrane water treatment technology has become an important technique to solve the resource type and quality type water shortage problems in China.	0
Our analyses give rise to the assumption that problems in research collaborations are often rooted in the science system itself: Examples include free-riding behaviour resulting from increasing competition for third-party funding and reputation, disciplinary ethnocentrism resulting from traditional disciplinary hierarchies, and sexism resulting from a male dominance in top-level research that is only slowly weakening.	5
Indiana University published the most number of papers, followed by the iSchool of Georgia Institute of Technology.	4
The greatest Spearman's rank correlation coefficient reaches 0.4777.	4
Firstly, the importance level of research performance criteria was determined by three different MCDM methods.	3
Our analysis focuses on two dependent variables measuring research performance: publication productivity and publication excellence, as they are defined and implemented by the quantitative indicators chosen by the SRA in their research performance evaluation methodology, and two policy factors that could stimulate or inhibit their results, described in the theoretical part above: (1) the increase of collaboration in modern R&D activity; and (2) the fragmentation of funding for R&D activity.	3
We searched for articles, letters, proceedings papers and reviews from India in OA journals indexed in SCIE in the five years, 2010–14.	2
We found that the capacities of dynamic governance were implemented by integrating societal interaction into research, in particular through a 'drizzling' approach.	4
By necessity the identification of journals with differing peer-review practices was a bit like detective work.	2
We then determined, again using the curriculum vitae, the occasions on which the economists in our dataset served as editors with any of the top six general-interest journals: American Economic Review (AER), Econometrica (ECTA), Journal of Political Economy (JPE), Quarterly Journal of Economics (QJE), Review of Economic Studies (REStud), and Review of Economics and Statistics (REStat).	2
A total of 3,564 documents were obtained, limiting the search to Spain and taking into account the period 1970-2018.	2
It offers data-driven insights into the coevolution of education and technology.	5
The results confirm our hypothesis that academic in-group bias exists in at least one economics journal, specifically the QJE.	5
The proportionate share of each state in India's total research output was computed along with the rate of growth of research output in different states and the ratio of Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) to its respective yearly publications.	3
The proposed alt-index is well suited to tackle this issue, because it is designed to handle skewed data; thus, mentions attributed to bots will not influence the counting process.	5
Our further analyses also suggest that elite scientists such as Academicians may be one of the contributing factors.	5
Overall, our findings demonstrate that topic and rhetorical attributes, as constitutive elements of scientific content, are independently and interdependently related to the consumption of strategy articles across thought collectives in management research.	5
Our results also indicated that the Scopus classification of a given research article as interdisciplinary (method 1) closely aligned with the number of disciplines reported by an article's CA (method 2).	5
Mapping research sends an invitation to interdisciplinary dialogue/research between experts in different areas of study to better understand the process of knowledge production both, individual and collective.	5
The Google Code homepages and downloads pages of the identified projects were crawled using SocSciBot (http://socscibot.wlv.ac.uk/) and then a routine was created and added to the free software Webometric Analyst to extract information from these pages.	3
This work did not require ethical approval from a human subject or animal welfare committee.	0
Reliability was calculated by means of Krippendorff's alpha (Hayes and Krippendorff (2007) test).	3
The aims of this study are twofold: 1) identify what positive and negative quality and credibility attributes open access library science journals exhibit; and 2) test the ease of applying librarian-developed evaluation tools to open access library science journals.	1
The authors acknowledge the support that this work was partially funded by the Ideas specific programme of the EU's FP7 Framework Programme for Research and Technological Development (Project Reference No.	0
It was intended to assist the European Commission and other research funders to identify gaps and overlaps in their portfolios, and to suggest ways in which they could improve the effectiveness of their support and increase the impact of the research on patient care and on the reduction of the incidence of the CRDs.	1
For one thing, citation analyses are based on the assumption that each citation in a paper has equal contribution to the work.	0
Overall, the analysis suggests a colonial pattern of current research on academic misconduct, which is limited to three main countries and developed economies.	5
It gives an accuracy of 92.76% in profile detection and linking.	4
Vivek Goel is Vice-President, Research and Innovation, and Strategic Initiatives and Professor in the Institute of Health Policy, Management and Evaluation, Dalla Lana School of Public Health, University of Toronto.	0
To enable identification of more granular patterns of conver- gence or divergence, in our analyses we scrutinized not only the prevalence of specific research performance indicators among uni- versities but also the specific ways in which these indicators are designed and operationalized.	3
The records retrieved were downloaded and processed in Perl, with the goal of treating the text and insert records into a relational MySQL database.	3
The power-law correlation between international collaborative papers and CBP is highly statistical significant t(1, 31) = 9.82, p < 0.001.	4
Given the limitations of the citation indicator, we suggest that more broad quality-related indicators should be used to evaluate institutional productivity ranking.	5
Colombia is an interesting case because it exhibits both a trend of an increasing number of articles in mainstream journals and an important production of nationally edited journals.	2
Cabanac, Hartley, and Hubert (2014) showed that multiauthor papers featured more tables and graphs than did single-author papers in both social science and science journals.	4
Empty cells in the table indicate that the designated journal was not ranked in the associated study.	0
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
Significant predictors of citation count in scientific articles were level of evidence, number of centers, number of authors, and impact factor.	4
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
In this study, we have presented a model to investigate the impact of a research institutional organization on the performance of its members.	5
Here is an example record for a Fermilab experiment (E-104): http://inspirehep.net/record/1110215.	0
Its methodology includes normalization by OECD subject categories, by average size of reference lists in the science field, by chronological distribution of citations and their share leading to papers included to eLIBRARY.RU database.	3
To examine the number and percentage of articles published by year	1
First, a research paper is represented by a vector of features or records.	3
We show that papers that have a discussant are published in highly-ranked journals and are more likely to be published in a top journal.	4
We describe in the following sections different studies in these areas.	0
Objectives: To determine the publication rate of mandatory research projects conducted by obstetrics residents and to evaluate the publication-associated factors and reported obstacles.	1
This study has modeled an online bibliographic database as an information network, and further developed a prototype of a visualization tool that provides an interactive interface for easily and efficiently performing visual exploration and multidimensional analysis.	1
Second, word segmentation, deduplication, cleaning, and other actions were performed on the title and abstract text data of the projects and papers, and the latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) topic model was adopted to model the text data of each discipline and extract the research topics of each discipline.	3
Department of Business and Quantitative Studies, University of Naples Parthenope, Naples, Italy	0
The bibliographic data in the gene editing field is collected from the Web of Science core collection at the library of Beijing University of Technology.	2
Section 2 reviews the use of DEA for research evaluation and the DEA models used in this study.	0
These findings suggest that librarians should retain subscriptions to frequently cited journal titles, provide efficient document delivery of articles from infrequently used journals, de-emphasize but not eliminate books, and connect patrons with useful open-access Internet resources.	5
We find that government grants yield a greater effect on the nanotechnology publication in the US, while better network characteristics lead to more and higher quality publications in Canada compared to the US.	5
We find that the share of single-author papers in all published papers diminishes from 60% in 1980 to 50% in 1990 and then further down to 20% in 2014.	4
Determining the Radicchi index requires calculating cf, which is equal to the raw number of citations of an article, c, divided by, co, the average number of citations accumulated by an article of the corre-sponding specialty in a year.	3
We extract datasets from Web of Science (Web of Science 2017) for the top-cited five-hundred papers in seven different research areas, and for other middle-ranked five-hundred papers in the same research domains.	2
The h-index is one objective measure used to determine how prolific an author is while taking into account the relevance of his/her publications.	1
Whilst the arguments about open science deployed in the debate were not substantially new, the focuses of debate changed in some key respects.	4
Multiple databases were queried for retracted papers relating to spine or spine surgery, between January 2000 and May 2023.	2
Our investigation is based on a dataset covering roughly 90 programs in 11 European countries, including information on their organization, budget, national participation for the year 2009, as well as data on budgets since 2000.	2
Percent decreases in h-index and total citations after removal of self-citation by academic rank.	0
To address our research question, we compared Facebook likes for manuscripts uploaded to the Harvard Business School website (Study 1) and the bioRxiv website (Study 2) with traditional impact indicators (journal article citations, Impact Factor, Immediacy Index) for those manuscripts that have been published as a journal article.	1
Brazilian scholars focus more on Introduction (14%) and Results (24%).	4
Utilizing the density equalizing mapping projection (DEMP) [25], a two-dimensional cartographic image with variable proportions can be designed.	3
Data were obtained from articles published in the IEEE Xplore database in 2016, including 16,799 journal papers (published in 134 distinct journals, 98% of journal publications are of the “article” type) and 98,773 conference papers.	2
The focus of our study thus became the exploration of how subtle changes in the data and methods used to detect prestige bias can radically change the resulting outcome.	1
The study aims to outline a clear picture of LIS research topics in the most recent decade for practicing librarians and library science scholars to have a better understanding of the research trend in the LIS field and to further their own research in related fields.	1
As the framework uses Minimal Link Semantic (MLS) approach, it can be termed as MLS framework.	3
We performed a specific analysis focusing on the 24 most productive authors identified, calculating the following indicators.	2
The primary aim of this research is to understand how young representatives of Generation Z in Romania value and perceive train travel from a sustainability perspective.	1
Authors' chosen terminology is used when the articles are referenced in the literature review.	0
Unfortunately, there is also a long history of ignoring the breakthroughs and contributions made by individuals from underrepresented groups.	5
Furthermore, statistical analysis has revealed a correlation between KM research activity and economic prosperity as the leading contributing countries are in North America, Western Europe, and Australia.	5
The level of international collaboration in the research of major public health emergencies is generally low.	5
Totally, 1048documents of all types in research area of Parasitology during 1972-2013 by Iranian researches retrieved.	2
The collective RWIF for subject websites comes to 1.185, which is at the top in comparison with other developing countries, i.e.	4
The latter philosophy is usually employed by the editors of clinical specialty journals.	0
A similarity of cognitive patterns was found in most of the studied metrics fields.	4
We use a performance index x which measures the total number of publications (indicator of output) by the square of the proportion in the top journals (indicator of quality) (eq.	3
This paper employs two datasets: publications in all journals and publications in the top 5 % journals by discipline.	2
Our qualitative analysis of the titles and abstracts of these 300 papers revealed that, approximately, 49.67% could have been published in development journals, whereas the remaining 50.33% are papers dealing with very specific topics (most of them related to medicine, computer science and other engineering disciplines) that do not seem suitable for the multidisciplinary audience of development journals.	4
The results of this study provide direct evidence that information disclosure promotes knowledge accumulation, which has clear policy implications for scientific publications.	5
Overall, DissRank had a stronger correlation with CDRank than CitRank for all the degree programs.	4
Received March 11, 1996; revised July 10, 1996 and November 19, 1996; accepted April 8, 1997.	0
The information of journal citation and social altmetrics were collected via the open Application Programming Interface (API) provided by Public Library of Science (PLoS) from http://alm.plos.org/api/v5/articles2, which allows developers to access article-level performance data including usage statistics, citation counts, social networking citations, blog and media, comments and ratings, readerships in social bookmarking systems, such as Mendeley or CiteUlike, in Java Script Object Notations (JSON) format.	2
Received 22 December 2021; Received in revised form 4 May 2022; Accepted 5 June 2022	0
a Sum of the number of articles calculated by nˉ1 authorship	0
The main purpose of the paper is to find an index which improves the h-index in terms of its accuracy and sensitivity to both: i) citation “intensity” in the set of most significant papers; ii) the form of the citation distribution.	1
Note: The right upper empty part mirrors the left lower half part	0
FIGURE 2 African journals coverage overlap ratio between Web of Science, Scopus, and CrossRef.	0
This process followed common procedures of qualitative content analysis (Schreier 2012); thereby summarizing individual statements into more abstract categories to understand the scientists' approaches to peer review and the random distribution of research funding.	3
By training a Bayesian network, we estimated the potential effect of scientist reputation on editorial decisions.	3
The research was conducted by the author during his stay at the Université Grenoble-Alpes (France) as a visiting researcher.	0
Considering that new research topics have become integrated well into the various subfields of IS research, we argue that the general change in research topics and themes should be regarded as part of the natural metabolism of the IS field rather than a process of fragmentation or disintegration.	5
These strategies include advocacy and marketing (M = 4.41, SD = 0.823), software (M = 4.23, SD = 0.954), staffing (M = 4.11, SD = 0.968) and policies (M = 3.80, SD</METRIC> = 0.881) (see Table 3).	4
Harnad is Canada Research Chair in Cognitive Science, Université du Québec à Montréal, Québec, Canada, and Professor of Electronics and Computer Science, University of Southampton, UK; e-mail: harnad@uaqam.ca.	0
Various conventional productivity and impact measures were applied including the Impact Factor, H and M-indices, and entry into the Top-1000 papers in cited research.	3
A general methodology for the classification of the durability of scientific papers has been used (Costas et al., 2010b).	3
In 2016, Bruce et al published a review evaluating the impact of interventions to improve the quality of the peer-review process.	5
Egghe (2012) derived mathematical results concerning relationships between averages of ratios (AoR) and ratios of averages (RoA).	3
Another point worth highlighting is the results on collaboration with international researchers which was very low, with over 70 % of the respondents indicating that they never collaborated at this level.	4
For our study, we screened the institutional websites of all universities in the German federal state of Lower Saxony for faculty members, PhD holders and professors, in departments related to physics, biology and chemistry.	2
Professors (25.0) had higher h-indices than associate professors (11.0), who had higher h-indices than assistant professors (4.4) (P < .001).	4
A convenient practical consequence is that country differences in citation impact can be well summarized by average-based indicators.	5
We found a dramatic increase in number of publications with international collaboration from 38% in 2008 reaching 53.3% in 2017, and an increase in OA publications from 7.3% of the total publications in 2008, reaching 18.7% of the total publications in 2017.	4
Third, for 2001, 2006, 2011, and 2016, I also extracted data on corresponding authorship from Web of Science.	2
This is consistent with trends seen in other scholarly journals from professional associations and societies.	5
This study has provided an overview of the patterns of scholarly publications on the topic of biosensor(s).	5
Sum of citation numbers (CN) related to the IF is defined as the IF contributing indicator: CN = (Cyear-1 + Cyear-2).	3
The data of our study is based on archival data of six ISPIM conference and symposium events between 2009 and 2011.	2
* Articles by female authors (AF), articles by female and male authors (AFM), and articles by male authors (AM)	0
SARS, MERS and Covid-19, revealed interesting structural similarities across all three literatures and suggested that they are commonly made up of three major segments.	5
Pastore, 1, 16132, Genoa, Italy, tel: +39 010 353 8133; fax: +39 010 505618; e-mail: durando@unige.it	0
Additionally, Microsoft Excel was used to analyze the inter-relationships of the searched results.	3
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
The data were analyzed using SPSS version 19.0 (IBM Corp, Armonk, NY) and VOS viewer software (version 1.6.7; Leiden University Center for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden, Netherlands).	3
We will compare Hirsch (2005) as a single paper first with the following six papers which we ourselves co-authored during 2018 (Table 1; see Annex I for the feull bibliographic references).	2
This study examines the relationship between highlighted features, assigned labels, of medical articles by faculty member of F1000 and their FFa scores as well as citation counts in order to assess whether FFa scores can help to identify types of article that are successful but not highly cited.	1
To fill this gap, this study investigates the uptake of WeChat (a Chinese social network app) by the Chinese scholarly journals indexed by the Chinese Social Sciences Citation Index (CSSCI).	1
(1) is based on the weighted sum of objects (i.e., the Fc and Fj percentile ranks), which are defined on ordinal scales (see Sect.	4
Of these, 68 reported positive findings, in which the hypotheses of the study were validated by the data as illustrated in the following extracts:	4
Among 1,891 publications that were collected, about a third (n = 578) have never been cited, and most publications have been cited less than 6 times.	4
We conclude that East Asian studies librarians must battle the trend toward e-centric collection development approach to ensure a well-curated collection that reflects the concept of equity, diversity, and inclusion.	5
An intervention to improve the reliability of manuscript reviews for the Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry.	0
The results show a surge in the dispersal of the authors across the world, especially from the United Kingdom, Netherlands, Canada, and Australia.	4
To address the research gap, our study aims to explore several key dimensions of the social dynamics in co-authorship practices.	1
Statistically significant trends in the proportions of studies in each article category and domain between 2000 and 2013 were assessed using the Mantel-Haenszel linear-by-linear association test (p values < 0.01 were considered statistically significant).	3
The technological cooperation network on the passion fruit peel flour is chiefly intra-institutional, or rather, the network agents establish partnerships with other researchers from the same institution.	4
To check that the limited coverage of WoS (for example, due to ceased journals before the database was created in the 1960s) did not influence our results, we ran all analyses on the dataset of American Physical Society papers, which contains a complete set of physics papers and citations from 1893 to 2010.	0
Academic rank was the strongest predictor of school h-Index.	4
journals indexed in the JCR Science Edition or in the JCR Social Science Edition published in the Czech Republic – 44 journals (35 included in the JCR Science Edition 2010, 9 included in JCR Social Science Edition 2010);	2
We compared their attention with nonretracted papers selected through a matching process based on publication venue and year, number of authors, and authors' citation count (Fig.	3
Universities and societies accounted for 50% of the journals and 43% of the articles published.	4
We consider only those cities where at least 10,000 articles were published during 2014 -2016.	2
The first was the search, identification, and collection of research projects that became case studies.	3
Regarding the coverage that the database offers for the topic under study, a direct search for documents containing “radar altimetry” in their title, abstract, or keywords returned 1132 articles and conference papers; the results increase 5599 when using a more general query: (radar AND altimet*) OR (radio AND altimet*).	2
In this study, data collected for the quadrennial evaluation (2013–2016) of all postgraduate courses in Brazil was used to characterise production by universities as well as their interaction with society as registered in technical services.	1
The author would like to thank Professor Mike Thelwall and anonymous reviewers for their valuable comments on earlier drafts of this paper.	0
Ackerman, Micheal John with h-index 113 has the highest H-index among all sports medicine researchers.	4
Self-citation impacts bibliometric data in statistically significant, but small (3–5%) and predictable ways within academic plastic surgery.	5
Analyzing the MK Z-statistic (last column in Table 3), we observe three groups of RTs: the first two RTs, namely RT1 (ML Applications in Information Security) and RT2 (Blockchain Technology), have a significantly increasing trend (i.e Z-statistic values higher than 4.5); a group of RTs that includes RT4, RT5, RT7, RT8, RT9, RT11 and RT12, have medium increasing trends (i.e., Z-statistic is around 2); and, three RTs, namely RT13, RT14 and RT15), present a slowly increasing trend.	4
The PACIFIFA is a measure that takes different attributes into account in the process of evaluating the productivity, quality of research, and research activity of a researcher.	1
A given journal's RF is then multiplied by the total citation count for that journal.	3
We collect impact factors of general-focus as well as specific-focus financial economics journals for comparison in 2014.	3
Translation-based methods were applied to the entities and relationships to generate their low-dimensional embeddings while preserving their connectivity information in the original bibliographic network.	3
We are grateful to Sandra Evans for processing the FOI request.	0
Our study was a retrospective bibliometric analysis that did not involve human subjects and was exempt from the need for institutional review board approval.	0
We censused all professors of Italian universities on staff in the whole 2001-2012 period in such SDSs (30,866 in all).	2
The ‘‘All Databases Search’’ interface searched across the following databases subscribed to by our University: Web of ScienceTM Core Collection (1985-present), BIOSIS Citation IndexSM (2009-present), CABI: CAB Abstracts? (1973-present),Chinese Science Citation DatabaseSM (1989-present), Current Contents Connect? (1998-present), Data Citation IndexSM (2009-present), Derwent Innovations IndexSM (2009-present), Inspec? (1969-present), MEDLINE? (1950-present), SciELO Citation Index (1997-present), Zoological Record? (2009-present).	2
An important policy implication of our study is that, although focusing on disease is one of way to think about how to improve health, there are other ways too.	5
Data are provided for the number of publications, average citations, h-index and the most cited papers from each country.	3
Some journals have listings in multiple categories, and consequently an analysis of a total of 25 journals was performed.	2
The poor correlations mean that such citation indicators cannot be used as proxies for peer.	5
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Then, the study analyzes five indicators- the co-cited references network, burst references, co-occurrence keywords network, burst keywords, and dual-map overlays network using the information visualization software CiteSpace V (Chen 2006).	3
AND PUBYEAR > 1999 AND PUBYEAR < 2012.	2
From top to bottom, the numbers of observations by field are 7239, 31,268, 4979, and 6143.	0
of identifiers and the population is the ORCID rate (Table 1).	4
In this article, we evaluate link-based similarity measures by applying them to a classification algorithm.	0
The h-index and total manuscript numbers for each trainee were compiled from the SCOPUS database.	2
Samuel DuBois Cook Center on Social Equity, Duke University, Durham, USA	0
The results demonstrate strong variation in funding capture across the different universities with Russell Group members tending to generate more income from prestigious funders such as UK Research and Innovation.	4
One important aspect in this study is giving accurate definitions of the indicators for measuring uncited papers, uncited authors and uncited topics.	1
Although the contribution of scientometric literature to policies on academic science has been substantial, the literature has focused primarily on the production of scientific knowledge, whereas limited attention has been paid to the other critical mission of academic institutions, i.e., education or the production of scientists.	1
*Corresponding Authors: Amir Kasaeian, Email: amir_kasaeian@yahoo.com; and Majid Sorouri, Email: msorurip@gmail.com	0
This paper describes an algorithm for creating a ranking of economics journals, using data from the 2014 UK Research Excellence Framework (REF) exercise.	1
In this dataset of systems papers, only 32 papers remain uncited after five years (1.5%).	4
Collaboration among researchers from the EE countries after the communist regime broke down did not decrease.	5
One more finding worth highlighting was the scarcity of articles from the Global South, which consisted of only two percent of the sample.	5
In MongoDB Shell, searches with JSON codes were performed by filtering for each study country in the researchers_education collection.	3
This academic thought piece provides an overview of the history of, and current trends in, publishing practices in the scientific fields known to the authors (chemical sciences, social sciences and humanities), as well as a discussion of how open access mandates such as Plan S from cOAlition S will affect these practices.	1
Each of the 2,600 outputs submitted to the Economics and Econometrics REF sub-panel is given an initial rank.	3
Although we feel confident about the four quality categories suggested by our data, we do not feel that the data support much inference about relative quality of journals within the categories.	5
The population of interest in this study is 115 Carnegie R1 universities from the Carnegie Classification of Institutions.	2
We focused on two types of language features: emotional features (e.g., positivity and subjectivity) and linguistic features (e.	1
Table 5 shows that for Y = 1, i.e.	4
(2016) for a complete review of the literature on this topic.	0
We did not conduct the UN analysis at discipline level, since the differences in shares of UNs are heavily affected by WoS coverage and by publication behaviors unique to the disciplines (Abramo et al.	0
From the shown results, the achievement of both of inter-discipline normalisation as well as the intra-discipline consistency is achieved by the proposed index whereas one or both of them are violated when considering only the number of citations or the journal impact factors.	5
We then examined the journal policies to establish how two possible open access policies might have affected grantee publishing habits.	1
In the next sections, we first present our research methodology and then investigate how IB research conducted by authors in European nations has developed within this context.	0
This analysis is based on in-person and telephone interviews with 60 scientists in 14 STEM disciplines and economics.	2
Additionally, the work also uses the visualization of similarities (VOS) viewer software to map graphically the bibliographic material.	3
The dataset contains three packages: a) Sci-Hub’s server logs from September 2015 to February 2016 with 28 million download requests; b) an IPython Notebook file that can help in processing the data; and c) a table of publishers names with their corresponding DOI prefixes, taken from the CrossRef website.	2
For each journal, we selected the articles published in the time-window from 2006 to 2012, which are indexed by both databases.	2
Unlike in physics, letters journals do not appear to be important in fish science.	0
Of these, 9,282 articles pre-labeled by PLoS as non-research articles are removed from our data set.	2
Our primary grant-based end point was normalized citation impact per $million spent.	3
The journals were identified by the Directory of Open Access Journals.	2
The median journal IF was 2.27 [1.74, 3.31].	4
The overall message of this study is that while connectivity among researchers may have some stochastic dimensions, it also has quite profound self-organized regularities.	5
Data for other countries are provided in Table 1 of the supplementary material.	0
Through bibliometrics and content analysis, we found the correcting rate of LIS was relatively low.	3
The scientific output of El Salvador that is covered in the SCI-EXPANDED is mostly composed of English language articles, a pattern that resembles other Central American countries (Monge-Nájera & Ho, 2015).	5
The uneven development of scholarly research in the different disciplines has been narrowed, and tendencies are changing towards an interdisciplinary and even multidisciplinary endeavour.	5
Overall opinion for feedback was mixed, with approximately 50% of the respondents agreeing and disagreeing with the statements.	4
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Conclusions: Sport scientists are likely to consider SJR Q1-Q4 journals to be relatively safe to publish in, reliable and reputable, and might be confused with the “suspected predatory” label assigned to 37.9% of those journals.	5
Our study demonstrated that citation count weakly correlated with AASs and strongly correlated with PlumX scores, with regard to COVID-19 articles at this point in time.	5
In this study, to show a systematic and objective overview of the FODM journal, the publications in the FODM between 2002 and 2017 are analyzed using bibliometric methods.	1
The study's methodology encompassed two distinct types of bibliometric mapping: co-occurrence and co-authorship.	3
Let (RESPij, Sij) be an RESP tuple of field i and institution j.	3
It was only when the quality of publication types was considered that some citation rates in conferences were measured to be higher than journals.	5
We utilized the 2015 edition of Journal Citation Reports and PubMed to determine the 50 most-cited gastroenterology and hepatology articles from 75 professional journals and four leading journals in clinical medicine, which are The New England Journal of Medicine, The Lancet, The Journal of the American Medical Association, and The British Medical Journal.	2
The characteristics of COVID-19 papers differed from those of non-COVID-19 papers published in the first months of the pandemic.	5
Citations of papers followed the same pattern irrespective of discipline, subject or journal: citations of papers published in the same year but different month were obviously different in the first few publishing years, but as time went on, only the difference in publication month in a calendar year did not affect the papers' longer-term citation.	5
The list is sorted based on the frequencies of collaboration value (#Col column)	0
Received: March 17, 2017; Revised: September 15, 2017; Accepted: October 02, 2017	0
Among the top authors' affiliated nations, the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada occupies top positions in all the five-years periods of JCF between 1994 and 2018.	4
Second, do collaborations that are more interdisciplinary emerge in a more multidisciplinary environment?	1
The process of applying real options processes to assessing public and/or private sector grants and funding is straight forward as a number of Black-Scholes Option calculators are available on the internet.	5
In the view of the authors of this paper, the theoretical interpretation of the Sci-Hub phenomenon requires a return to notions from classical social conflict theories, including power struggles, resistance, and modes of production, as well as newer, critical concepts, such as the “digital labor theory of value.”	5
Academics should be encouraged to be committed to research of the highest integrity (Adler & Hansen, 2012).	5
The citation rate was defined as the total number of citations divided by the number of years since the article was published.	3
JIF2, JIF5, and AIS values were downloaded from Thomson Reuters’ Journal Citation Reports.	2
A database consisting of 274,453 bibliographic records in these four chosen fields from 1991 to 2019 are built.	2
A thematic approach was developed to analyse the text from the interview, drawing primarily on processes from the 'Framework Analysis' method (Ritchie et al. 2003) and included familiarization with data, identifying a thematic framework and charting/mapping.	3
the reviewers' ratings are independent across the clusters (here the clusters are the external reviewers), but are not necessarily independent within clusters.	0
First, with one exception, the 1980 target that countries should attain the GERD: GDP level of 1% has not been achieved; second is the patchiness of the data; third is that only Egypt, South Africa and Tunisia have been able to maintain regular measurement of GERD.	4
Our findings, however, indicate that these evaluations were constructed as much more than resource allocation procedures by early-career scientists in Sweden.	4
1 School of Public Policy and Management, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100049, China	0
Additionally, our analysis reveals that more and more inter-disciplinary knowledge needs to be integrated to solve more complex problems.	4
Instead, we follow Head and Mayer (2002) and Mayer and Zignago (2011) who measure the distance between two countries as the weighted average of the bilateral distances between the biggest cities of those two countries, where the weights reflect the share of each city of the pair in the overall population of the respective country.	3
The very large numbers of recent Chinese publications are hence attracting very small numbers of citations.	4
In particular, we apply a new index of scientific specialization (Scientific Specialization Index, SSI) that takes account of both the quantity and quality of scientific production achieved by the research institutions of a given territory.	3
Data were obtained on 33,392 career development awards from 2013 to 2022.	2
Productivity is defined by the average number of publications (of any genre) per year.	3
We selected journals that had published at least 100 articles as of October 2018; the final sample included 7 predatory nursing journals that published between 104 to 398 articles.	2
As such, we retrieved studies from Scopus on 27 April 2020.	2
The inclusion criteria comprised retracted publications involving biomedical research on human research participants and indexed by PubMed as "Retracted Publication".	2
Ritual and ceremony in their due times kept the world under the sky and the stars in their courses.	0
See also Hall and Miller (2009, 2010) and references therein for more details on statistical assessment of the authority of rankings.	0
Whatever precipitated this change in the subject category, many of the new titles (particularly those with some of the highest impact factors) emphasized quantitative and experimental information science research, including: MIS Quarterly, International Journal of Geographical Information Science, Information Research, Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association, and Information & Management.	0
See the web collection on statistics for biologists for further resources and guidance.	0
A simple count reveals that merely 24% (89/367) of the 2013 committee participants were women, and despite annual substitutions in the committees, the female representation has remained quite static.	4
It remains, however, open to which extent this low propensity of co-operation was specific to the COVID problem or not.	0
Practically all organic matter is formed from long-chain molecules, and such matter has been used and treated by mankind from the very beginning of time.	0
This study used Poisson regression analysis to create a new method to evaluate innovation performance.	3
This study offers insights into the mechanisms underlying cumulative advantages fostered through international mobility, while revealing the enduring impact of doctoral mentors throughout the academic career development.	5
The second source of benefit (royalties) is out of the scope of the present study.	0
Our empirical study has shown that scientific work at ORNL/NSD is restrained by the same types of distance as have been identified for academic teamwork in general.	5
We applied generalized additive mixed models (GAMMs) with a negative binomial distribution to analyse the citation impact of the articles collected in the dataset (n = 118461).	3
The Bing Geocoder is also available from the Sci2 Tool at https://sci2.cns.iu.edu.	0
The specific objectives are a) to identify publishers and journals registered with the DOAJ Seal; b) to characterize those publishers; and c) to analyze their article processing fees.	1
(2) How efficient are the search tools in retrieving relevant information resources?	1
Compared with broadcasting members, virality members tend to cite the innovation more times and this acquired innovation will become an important part of their research practice.	4
This article reports on a study of the four MySQL data-bases run by LibGen (Table 1).	2
The number of publications (P) in an academic unit may be influenced by the unit’s size in terms of academic staff (r=.488, df=28, p<.01).	4
The main objective of this study is to link bibliometric performance indicators of Russian nanoscience and nanotechnology with path-dependent elements of the institutional set-up of its research system.	1
A research grant does not equal research achievement; however, we can use the amount of money granted for each research project to compare efficiency among research grants.	4
Published by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the International African Institute	0
The second component (PCA) and third factor (FA) in our study seems to reflect the wider impact (beyond science) which is largely independent from academic impact.	5
A national bias correction figure is needed to compensate for Mendeley being used less in some countries than in others and users tending to read articles from their own country more than articles from other countries (Thelwall & Maflahi, 2015).	3
To address these challenges, this study aims to understand and examine the factors enhancing research and innovation productivity in universities across South Asian countries, specifically Bangladesh, India, Nepal, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka.	1
Modularity Q=0.8028 indicates that the clustering results of the network spectrum are very good.	4
In 2022, an earlier version of the PFL was first publicly introduced by Daniel Pimentel to a senior high school science class in California.	4
Note, platforms such as Instagram, Mendeley, CiteULike, Pinterest do not contribute to an article's AAS.	0
The proposed approach outperformed the traditional content-based approach in identifying relevant documents in all topics of computer science classified under ACM hierarchy.	5
RQ2: Is it possible to detect different academic behavior patterns by the same author (intra-author variability) using the AutLMs available in online academic profile services?	1
In addition, women who are able to utilise networks to co-author with individuals outside their institution are able to publish in higher-rated journals, although the same is not true for men; women who are attributed with “individual staff circumstances” (e.g.	4
The overall self-citation ratio in the collected paper corpus was 9.98%, and the ratio in topic-oriented papers (13.5%) was higher than that in discipline-oriented papers (6.1%).	4
Overall, our analysis highlights the difficulties in explaining performance (i.e.	5
Factors that may restrict OA development in China were analyzed.	5
In sum, optimal use of the Wayback Machine for social science analysis combines automated methods with manual verification at all steps in the process.	5
A primary aim of this study was to determine if the library's collections support the needs of ORNL researchers.	1
Which concepts contained in a specific publication did NS and SSH researchers cite?	1
The data used here include the QC assigned to every researcher who participated in any of the assessment rounds, in 2003, 2012 and 2018.	2
12 See Huberman and Adamic (2004) and Mutschke (2004b) for first attempts in that direction.	0
We retrieved Hazen percentiles for the papers from our in-house database derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), and Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) provided by Clarivate Analytics.	2
Our survey consisted of a 19-item online questionnaire using SurveyMonkey (survey available on request).	3
This paper presents a case study of long-term post-retraction citation to falsified clinical trial data (Matsuyama et al.	1
I am indebted to Carolyn Mullins for editorial assistance and Paul T.	0
Data for each individual were generated and automatically extracted from Harzing's (2007) Publish-or-Perish software.	3
We used the publicly available data on scores and ranks from the THE and ARWU for the years 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014, including in the THE all universities ranked between 1 and 200 and in the ARWU the universities ranked between 1 and 100, as ARWU starts aggregating the ranking from rank 101 on.	2
The analytic hierarchy process (AHP) (Liao and Chang 2016) is used to identify weights, including Wtv, Wts, Wtd, Wtr, and Wtc.	3
The framework includes methods such as sentiment analysis based on dictionaries, topic analysis based on the Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) model, unsupervised community detection algorithms based on GCN, and structural hole detection method.	3
Overall, in 2015 the most articles published by Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai researchers were published in the areas of Medicine, Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology and Neuroscience (see Fig.	4
There was no difference in mRCR between male and female surgeons.	4
The frequency, distribution and proportions of each of the variables listed were calculated using SPSS 17.0 statistical software (SPSS, Inc., Chicago, Ill.).	3
We reject the idea that further realizations are impossible; further realizations occur every day as more and more citations get made and more and more articles and books get published.	5
In addition, articles published in languages other than English were excluded.	2
The collaboration network analyses dramatically reveal the changes in the world economic/technological balance over the last several decades.	5
With the aim of contributing to the understanding and characterization of the ageing process of citations through a purely empirical approach, we propose estimating citation ageing functions by means of combining quantile regression with a non-parametric specification able to capture citation inflation.	1
Adequate criteria were the following: Originality: extrinsic, World-class level, International exposure.	4
After controlling for professional age, gender explained less than 0.1% of the variance.	4
The data were sourced from the World Bank Development Indicators, statistical bulletin, SCIMAGO statistical bulletin, and World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), WIPO patent report: statistics on worldwide patent activity.	2
The results are robust to using a raw-publications-based measure of scientist productivity in place of our preferred citation-weighted publications measure of productivity, suggesting that the observed productivity effect is unlikely to be due to a pure signalling effect.	5
The survey protocol received ethical clearance from the institutional ethics committee of Kasturba Medical College and Kasturba Hospital, Manipal (IEC 198/2014).	3
Received: 27 December 2020 / Accepted: 14 December 2021 / Published online: 31 January 2022	0
Purpose - Ranking relevant journals is very critical for researchers to choose their publication outlets, which can affect their research performance.	1
As seen in Table 4, when incorporating the fifth journal (Psychology & Neuroscience) into the analyses, the mean error counts were reduced for all three variables while the mean overall rating was increased.	0
In our simulation the new Rome Spin-off University (RSU) would consist of five schools: mathematics, physics, chemistry, earth science and engineering.	3
This study provides a general overview of the current research of Latin American countries in business and management.	5
A mixed-method phased approach was conducted using document analysis and an online survey.	3
For self-citations, Neotropical Ichthyology exhibited high self-cited rates during the investigated period compared to other zoology journals.	5
Take computer science as an example: we find that SCCs containing two publications mutually citing each other (i.e., ) occur most frequently (1379 out of 1677 SCCs).	0
This study analyzes the implementation of open science in Spanish universities considering four perspectives: (i) regulations, policies, and strategies; (ii) knowledge production; (iii) research results; and (iv) perception by different academic actors.	1
In a recent paper, Chambers and Miller introduced two fundamental axioms for scientific research indices.	1
Our findings showing a low scientific output from graduates of a cardiology postgraduate program in regards to the low number of publications, impact factor, and h-index values warrant modifications in postgraduate programs' plans, funding agencies, and the country's scenario for research.	5
We identify PPSs by matching patents and publications on the basis of text analysis of their titles and abstracts.	3
Additionally, the Scientific Electronic Library Online (SciELO) bibliographic database and digital library of open access journals complemented the former database.	2
We collected bibliometric data from the Web of Science for the journal articles (published between 2004 and 2013) that were able to be matched to the collected manuscripts from the HBS website.	2
The citation indicator in this paper was produced using the Dimensions platform.	3
Hence concluded that FoS trend following has a certain impact on the citation count of authors.	5
Faculty health sciences librarians manually searched for each of the 25 UNMHSC-affiliated faculty members using PubMed for the years 2001-2011.	2
(2011a) is based on a co-word analysis (Callon et al., 1983) and the h-index (Hirsch, 2005), which are applied in a longitudinal framework.	3
Therefore, in this article, we report on the results of a European focus group study with research stakeholders from various disciplines, to delve deeper into the research question: What are researchers' and other stakeholders' views and preferences regarding how research institutions can develop and implement better education and training policies?	1
Information on article amounts, impact factors (IF), citation and publication in high-impact obstetrics and gynecology journals by seven top-ranking countries between January 1, 2007 and August 31, 2017, was extracted from Web of Science databases.	2
Simulations suggest that a 50% donation fraction results in funding inequality that approximates that of the current system (Bollen et al.	4
Our retrieval results found that there were a total of 1,470 publications related to Industry 4.0 and its key technologies, published in 401 sources by scholars with Vietnamese affiliations during the 2012–2020 period.	4
This research proposed a novel author ranking method, namely RelRank, aiming to evaluate the significance of academic authors to individual venues (journals and conferences).	5
Participants for this study were currently enrolled in MS/M.Phil.	2
The analysis shows that SGER was highly successful in supporting research projects that produced transformative results as measured by citations and as reported through expert interviews and a survey.	4
En cualquier caso, una línea de investigación emprendida desde hace tiempo es el análisis de la calidad de las revistas científicas mediante indicadores bibliométricos, bien comparando una revista determinada con otras revistas que tratan temas similares o de una misma disciplina (Buela-Casal et al., 2002; Villamón, Job, Valenciano y Devís, 2012), o bien mediante estudios longitudinales bibliométricos de la misma revista (Aliaga y Suárez-Rodríguez, 2007; Arbinaga, Aragón y Tejedor, 2010; González, Valderrama, Aleixandre y González, 2011).	0
A series of three recommendations are made to move the interdisciplinary project forward: stay clear on focus, extend the benefits of serendipity to more people, and remember that one size does not fit all.	5
From the publishing viewpoint, chemistry is unique among natural sciences because 80% of chemistry papers published in 2006 were published by the five major natural and medical science publishers (ACS, Reed-Elsevier, Wiley-Blackwell, Springer, and Taylor & Francis).	4
For senior researchers, however, the only social network feature that significantly affects their future impact is the reputation of their recently built ties.	4
The search was conducted on February 5, 2020.	2
Within the broad research area of chemistry, CSIR and CAS are the biggest single academic research contributors for India and China respectively.	1
With this multi-level design, we aimed to understand whether Italian sociologists tended to collaborate preferably with well-known and more prolific colleagues (preferential attachment), with colleagues of their same gender (gender homophily), and with their same affiliation country (affiliation homophily).	1
From the School of Medicine, University of Caxias do Sul, Caxias do Sul, Rio Grande do Sul; and University of S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo, Brazil	0
Due to these two crucial aspects, the panel regression analysis is selected for investigating the research models.	3
To consider a journal worthy of assessment, we have established a minimum of 20 articles per year, which coincides with the minimum production criterion used elsewhere that is, in Google Scholar Metrics (Delgado-López-Cózar & Cabezas-Clavijo, 2013).	2
For advanced analytics the data from RISC can be exported in XML or via API.	0
The purpose of this paper is to conduct an assessment of the research productivity of the accounting and finance community in UK higher education institutions (HEIs) during 1991-2010 using 44 high-quality accounting and finance journals.	1
The absolute number of publications and citations are particularly important in ARWU and USNews rankings, and scientific category normalized (field weighted) citation impact is central in THE and USNews rankings.	4
Analysis of best practice by journals and monograph publishers is used to highlight the degree to which accessibility is enhanced by input from readers and editors.	2
The results indicated that the diversity of the editorial community was related to the journal's affiliated association, international orientation, and interdisciplinary nature.	4
The complete program and video recordings of most presentations are available on the NAS website at www.nasonline.org/modeling_ and_visualizing.	0
First, we report that only 23.5% of Websites hosted in the .yu domain over the studied years had their graphically designed images properly archived.	4
Based on qualitative free-text responses from 121 respondents gathered during an international survey of active researchers, this study examines researchers' perspectives on how criteria are applied in practice and how those being assessed perceive informal criteria to determine the outcomes of assessments.	1
An elaboration of this procedure in formal terms was provided by Todes-	0
By far, the most important of these performance indicators is publication in top academic journals.	4
Finally, we obtained 4624 NPE patents data such as Eolas, Wi-Lan, NorthPeak, Stragent, etc.	2
We considered the nearest 12 years as a phase to generate co-author networks in each time window, that is, 2006–2009, 2008– 2011, 2010–2013, 2012–2015, and 2014–2017.	2
Between 1996 and 2011, the number of South Korean board-certified emergency physicians increased from 51 to 958, and 230 articles were published in 14 highly cited journals.	4
Our indicators show notable advantages across all three datasets, surpassing the prior methods 17.4 %, 13.58 %, and 9.7 %, 13.6 % on average.	4
World Bank data from The Worldwide Governance Indicators (WGI) project were used (World Bank 2017).	2
The US News rankings rely heavily on bibliometric data based on the Web of Science and metrics provided by Clarivate.	2
Relative to non-retracted control authors, faculty members who experience a retraction see the citation rate to their earlier, non-retracted articles drop by 10% on average, consistent with the Bayesian intuition that the market inferred their work was mediocre all along.	4
The best predictive performance was obtained with a “black-box” method—neural network.	4
None of these charges author fees, operating on donated institutional support.	0
A significant difference was noted between the h-indices of full professors and associate/assistant professors (p < .001).	4
We found five ‘associated-sleeping-beauties’ in 17 physical ‘swan groups’ and three ‘associated-sleeping-beauties’ in 11 economic 'swan groups', which accounts for 23.53% (the same reason for that there are two 'associated-sleeping-beauties' point to the same ‘black swan', the proportion in 'swan groups' is 23.53% (4/17×100%)) and 27.27% in ‘swan-groups' separately.	4
To evaluate the similarity between ideas represented by two topics, cosine similarity can be adopted between vectors of the topics.	3
This results in a data of 1000 computer scientists.	2
Of the 295 cited references in the sample of six papers in Table 1, 194 had DOIs; 171 of these DOIs were unique references.	2
Second, we discuss different modes of interdisciplinarity practice at each CNS to further demonstrate why interdisciplinarity needs to be understood as a contextualized social practice, and how local university cultures and policies are potentially significant factors in shaping the cognitive and social practice of interdisciplinarity.	3
This research is based on the Presidential Address delivered by Mary A.	0
Due to the rapidly changing landscape of scholarly publishing and metrics, the LibGuide on faculty publishing is likely be an important campus portal for publishing issues and trends.	5
Moreover, betweenness centrality is used for improving network similarity measure, because of its intrinsic advantage of expressing how an entity loads on different factors in a network, which is highly in line with the characteristic of interdisciplinarity.	3
The objective is to identify the leading trends of the journal in terms of impact, topics, universities and countries.	1
In this cross-sectional study, we use the h-index, R-index, h2-index, and i10-index to evaluate a complete database of all neurosurgical guideline publications in order to quantify dissemination and thus provide an initial step toward a more comprehensive analysis of neurosurgical guideline impact.	1
In order to check whether these difference are statistically significant after controlling for working paper and topic fixed effects in the form of dummy variables we run three regression models.	3
Differently from common belief and initial evidence, the decrease in research output is not more severe for women than for men.	4
and Ph.D.-only groups did not statistically differ in any measure except Web of Science average citations per document (23.2 ± 25.2 for Pharm.D./Ph.D.	4
The results show that collaborating with authoritative authors plays an important role prior to a researcher’s PhD graduation, but working with non-authoritative authors carries more weight after PhD graduation.	4
Acknowledgements - This work is supported by the H2020-ICT-2015/H2020-ICT-2015 TESLA project An Adaptive Trust-based e-assessment System for Learning, Number 688520.	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
The results of our analysis highlight a notable upward trend in the production of articles focused on ethics in trading, indicating its growing acceptance and relevance within the academic community, as evidenced by the substantial number of citations received.	5
Our analysis shows that the degree to which a paper contains technologically emerging ideas is positively and strongly associated with its future citation impact in each of the three domains.	4
Furthermore, the percentage of articles containing at least one unsupported assertion was 34.77%.	4
This study investigated the influence of becoming department chair on scholarly vigor.	1
We used the rectangular incidence matrix for factor analyses and the absolute and the relative co-occurrence matrixes for social network analyses, using UCINET (Borgatti et al., 2002) and Gephi for visualization (Bastian et al., 2009).	3
Received January 16, 2008; revised April 3, 2009; accepted April 4, 2009	0
Conclui-se que a produ??o científica em Ciência da Informa??o brasileira e chinesa na Web of Science apresenta estratégias diversificadas: a brasileira se destaca pela indexa??o dos periódicos nacionais, publicando artigos em português e em Acesso Aberto, enquanto a chinesa pela publica??o em inglês, em periódicos indexados na base e majoritariamente editado por editoras comerciais.	5
Further procedures are conducted to test the robustness of the results.	0
To cite this article: Marek Kwiek (2020): What large-scale publication and citation data tell us about international research collaboration in Europe: changing national patterns in global contexts, Studies in Higher Education, DOI: 10.1080/03075079.2020.1749254	0
In this paper, to address the spatial bias in research leadership flows in research collaboration, we examine the spatial distribution and the dynamic trend of research leadership flows in pharmaceutical sciences.	5
The plot and simulation results indicate that the BH intervals are wider, on average, by 13% when ψ = 0.2, 12% when ψ = 1 and 7% when ψ = 10 compared to intervals using the SKM variance formula.	4
When presence or absence of NIH funding was used as a binary function, however, programs with NIH funding had an average ranking of 50.5, while programs without funding had an average ranking of 90.8 (p<0.001).	4
The PE score much outperforms video engagement, product placement, influencer characteristics, and product features in predicting sales lift.	5
It is important to note that within 60 days does not mean updates occur every 60 days, but rather that the longest time span between updates is 60 days.	0
As of June 2017, arXiv hosted more than 1.27 million articles in the fields of physics, mathematics, computer science, quantitative biology, quantitative finance, and statistics, with over 120 000 new submissions expected in 2017.	2
In 2013-2014, 80 MD-PhD programs, including 44 of the 45 programs that were receiving MSTP T32 funding at the time, provided names along with matriculation and graduation dates of all of their program graduates to the AAMC Data Operations and Services.	2
An analysis of Google Scholar data revealed the journal's global reach and value to researchers.	3
Thus, we can conclude that our research hypothesis is not proven: On balance evidence presented here tends to show that China does not yet lead the world in science and technology, and that it may be many years before it does so.	5
The analysis of the social structure shows us the isolation of the different production clusters from each other, as there are no large networks of collaboration, which hinder the flow of knowledge between the different groups of works that exist.	5
A total of 4,946 unique authors were identified in the fifteen countries, and they produced 8,560 articles.	4
This study investigates the contribution of the lexical component in hybrid cluster on a set of articles published in the journal Scientometrics since its foundation during four decades.	1
This tool essentially measures the total number of citations for a paper over time and grouped in various categories.	3
Efficiency of the collaboration between each city dyad corresponds to the ratio of highly cited papers to all papers produced by co-authors affiliated with those cities between 2014 and 2016.	3
Our main and most significant result from the study of citation impact and usage is that publications by male 1st authors are relatively more frequent among publications with high citation impact, while publications by female 1st authors are relatively more frequent among publications with high usage.	4
Data from observations, interviews, and focus groups were qualitatively coded to generate micro/meso level analyses.	2
To do this, we take a bibliometric approach based on the scientific production of the entire public research system in the hard sciences sphere, for the 5 years 2006–10.	1
By constructing a unique database of 26,219 publications in 45 top journals, we compare Australia's output internationally, determine whether Australia's output increased, and rank Australian universities based on their output.	1
Department of Epidemiology and Biostatistics, School of Public Health; and Anhui Provincial Laboratory of Population Health & Major Disease Screening and Diagnosis, Anhui Medical University, PR China	0
The factors investigated were student age, sex, PGRP completion time and years in medical school at the time of PGRP initiation.	3
Address for correspondence: Stephen McKay, School of Social Policy, Institute of Applied Social Studies, Muirhead Tower, Room 848, University of Birmingham, Birmingham B15 2TT, UK.	0
We considered the effect on rank order of a given journal of adding 1, 2, 3 or more citations to the number used to compute the JIF, keeping everything else equal (i.e., without changing the JIF of other journals in a given group).	3
At the same time, we noted a progressive evolution of studies published in the journal: the first phase focused on settlement in the design and implementation of educational technology in learning environments, the second phase focused on greater predominance of the enrichment of technology and its acceptance within the teaching and learning processes, and the final stage focused on the perception of the protagonists of the training process during the implementation of learning contexts featuring technology.	5
An actor is said to have a -index value of ψ if ψ is the highest rank/position such that the citations received by top ψ cited papers averages at least to ψ(ψ+1)/2.	3
Thus, the aim of this study is to carry out a bibliometric survey by means of a performance analysis and scientific mapping to quantitatively evaluate the production.	1
Significant changes in the number of articles over time were analyzed using regression analysis.	3
Thus, the hjif-core identifies the journals that have the greatest impact within a given JCR group in a self-defining way.	5
Recognizing the importance of SFE in advancing essential oil extraction, this study presents a bibliometric analysis covering nearly three decades (1995–2024) of research on SFE applications for essential oils and oleoresins.	1
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at UCSF LIBRARY & CKM on March 10, 2015	0
The most cited paper of the journal was published in 1994 by William C.	4
The results also showed that inter-gender collaborations were less continuous than intra-gender collaborations after considering the gender difference in individual persistence.	4
We identify a set of claims circulating in policy circles regarding science, technology, engineering and mathematics research and arts and humanities research's differences.	1
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
If the journals analysed are compared by field, one can see that LIS had the more Web references, namely 62.28% compared with Legal Medicine with 37.72%, no doubt because of JASIST which accounted for 51.31% of the total Web references.	4
The USA published most articles (2011–15 16,016; 31% of total), second came the EU as a whole and third Japan (from 2001 to 2005) or Germany (2006–2010) until 2011–2015 when China took over the third rank.	4
The present study aims to examine the prevalence, trends, and characteristics of retracted spine literature across basic science and clinical spine literature.	1
One model is based on co-citation (after the manner of Small) and the other is based on direct citation (after the manner of Garfield).	3
The authors are with the Innovation Department, Chalmers University of Technology, 412 96 G?teborg, Sweden.	0
As such, we specifically seek to answer the following research questions:	1
Here we aimed to address these issues systematically by mapping Nobel prize work in Physics, Chemistry, and Medicine/Physiology as well as the spread of the subsequent scientific publications that cited this work within a comprehensive map of science [15].	1
Further, I demonstrate that there has been a substantial decline in Australian Research Council (ARC)-funded STEMM projects with Australian and Chinese collaborators since 2019, and increased support for defence-related research due to security concerns.	4
The data used was recycled from a previous article (Fairclough and Thelwall 2015) that did not analyse term frequencies.	2
The common objective of utilizing the scientific knowledge on date palm to design better strategies to improve global health in general and health status of less privileged in the developing and underdeveloped nations.	5
The proposed approach considers an article to be novel if it cites a combination of semantically distant references.	1
The subject profile for the documents on CI suggests that the dataset is mostly dominated by computer science.	4
Then this substance's year-based h-index (based on publications in this database) is equal to y if y is the highest rank such that in the first y years y articles were published dealing with this substance.	3
The aim of the first part of this paper is to give a comprehensive overview of the frequency at which patents processed in PATSTAT cite Scopus source articles.	1
If we want to compare the efficiency of different grants, we can use the amount of capital as the denominator.	3
The results of the research show that there are differences between the topics discussed in the four major conferences of the world in the IS field.	5
The first measure of citation advantage we used is based on the NCS (Waltman et al.	3
The authors conducted a survey to assess the current level of publishing support from libraries in the United States to nonaffiliated societies and organizations, similar to UF's libraries' partnership with FSHS.	2
In order to do so, we conducted a fifteen-month longitudinal study of the evolution of the bookmarks in Mendeley for a set of articles published in Library and Information Science (LIS) in 2014.	1
The authors would like to thank Barry Bozeman, Andy Whitford, Monica Gaughan, and Vicky Wilkins for their assistance and guidance on this article.	0
Within the top 10 of general evaluation, all three types of capital are represented, with number of acquired grants being a very important indicator for talent.	4
Besides, it was observed that there was little or no relationship between NP and mean number of authors, concluding that, in general, articles funded by both the public and private sectors obtained the highest values in NP, regardless of the number of authors.	5
The format disorders appeared in various forms, such as spelling mistakes, errors in number, signs and dates of publication, etc., happening in different parts, either in the bibliography or the in-text citations.	4
The fourth step uses the information on potential SNPRs to search the ISI database.	3
The number of papers and citations were found to bias the perceived prestige of the project and the nominee associated with that project instead of the impact and quality of the work.	4
We merged a national registry of 99,935 scientists (with full admin-istrative and biographical data) with the Scopus publication database, using probabilistic and deterministic record linkage.	2
., I ratings is then modeled as a linear function of the university latent quality parameters (θj for j = 1, .	3
From these databases we selected all patent applications with priority in West Germany that were assigned to the technological field ‘devices using stimulated emission' (IPC H01S) as either the main or secondary class.	2
We have the chance to evolve together into a world that we hope will match the vision Benkler offers: IRs as part of a positive cultural transformation.	0
Compared with the 2006 study, the list of top-cited journals referenced by pediatric nursing researchers has remained relatively stable, but the number of cited journal titles has increased.	5
Abbreviations DCCT, Diabetes Control and Complications Trial; ISI, Institute for Scientific Information; SCI, Science Citation Index	0
Of this total of 2564 articles, 1887 (73.59%) were published in guest-edited issues.	4
The results of the cluster analysis showed that clustering universities by institutional size and performance as two separate variables provided better results.	4
Retracted publications were classified based on retraction notice narrative and on the categories proposed by the Committee of Publishing Ethics (COPE) definitions and previous classifications.	3
The most high-ranking article on the journal was written by Mittal et al.	4
The data were accessed on August 2 2020.	2
When team power level increases, teams with low team power hierarchy have higher team impact than teams with high team power hierarchy.	4
The correlation coefficient for the AAS and 3-year citations was 0.33 (P<0.001) (Table 1).	4
The progressive growth in collaboration over the last few decades is one of the defining features of the evolution of science, which helps to explain the increasingly specialized nature of knowledge and the need for an interdisciplinary or multidisciplinary approach to complex problems.	5
The secondary objective comprised quantitative analysis of citation rates between gold and bronze OA and non-OA papers.	1
However, better results are achieved by incorporating the title and abstract with NDCG score of 0.81.	4
The global citation map demonstrates that countries co-operate based on language (hispanophone, francophone), history (commonwealth), and geography (Europe, Pacific Rim).	5
As open-access journals climb in terms of impact factor they are likely to gain prestige and become increasingly recognised as reputable journals for publication of research by funding agencies and academic institutions.	5
Do self-citations change the association patterns between different location elements?	1
The search for these terms in the "Topics" (TS) field returned a high percentage of publications that were not relevant, so the search was applied to the "Author Keyword" (AK), "Keyword Plus" (KP) and "Title" (TI) fields.	3
We employ an ordinary least squares (OLS) estimator wherein the dependent variable is the inflation-adjusted amount of research funds raised from the NSF in a given year by a given new hire who belongs to either a treatment or a control group (to address our third research question we build logistic models we explain below).	3
A Chi-square or Fisher's exact test was used for comparison of categorical variables and a t-test or Wilcoxon test was used for quantitative variables, depending on the assumptions of each specific test.	3
2 Universidade Estadual Paulista Julio de Mesquita Filho (UNESP), Marília, Brazil	0
When the full compound surname of the first author [TEIXEIRA DA SILVA, JA] was used, WoS was unable to identify the vast majority of papers of the first author.	4
In the case of economics, citations cannot be interpreted as unbiased proxies of scientific quality.	4
As we expected, becoming an open access journal will significantly improve the CiteScore of a journal by 0.147 on average.	4
Our findings establish that reverse flips do not constitute merely a few marginal outliers, but instead a common pattern within scholarly publishing, which offers a unique perspective of the contributing factors to OA striving and thriving.	5
This study's research questions are as follows: RQ 1.	1
This study builds a web-based citation analysis system consisting of four modules: (1) literature search; (2) statistics; (3) articles analysis; and (4) co-citation analysis.	1
We thank the reviewers of this manuscript, who have contributed to this article through their insightful feedback and suggestions.	0
Regarding perceived barriers to conducting research, finding time was the most important barrier, followed by a lack of funding to cover publication costs and a lack of national and intramural research grants.	5
Some of the traditional second tier journals, most notably JFR and FR, appear to have developed a clientele within a subset of authors who have published frequently in high-impact journals, but not necessarily in the five elite journals.	4
We find that the barycenter method scores highest at both levels of aggregation to identify the previously assigned main assessor.	5
CSS publications appear in a single large, connected citation network.	4
Overall, this paper provides important insights into the determinant factors of a paper's citation levels, which is helpful for researchers maximizing the scientific impact of their efforts.	5
We have also compiled a corpus, ACL_rel100, manually annotated, to evaluate the ability of our proposal to find relations beyond similarity.	2
b Journal at the 25th percentile of that particular science category.	0
We can restrict attention to the arrival in a university of professors ranked among the last ten in the contest.	3
The results show that the intensity of collaboration is negatively associated with geographical distance and positively associated with linguistic commonality but these findings differ significantly between various world regions.	4
To assess the validity of laboratory peer review and to categorize the images which participants created, we recruited 620 additional individuals from Amazon Mechanical Turk (https://www.mturk.com).	2
Participants were interviewed once at a single point during the undergraduate's active participation in an undergraduate research experience in the faculty member's laboratory using a semi-structured interview.	2
All comments were very helpful, and we believe that by addressing the comments and suggestions, our revised manuscript was significantly improved.	0
Thus, by regarding an article as a set of concepts, the degree of similarity between articles is calculated by the degree of similarity between sets of concepts.	3
To further ensure data quality, I tested the reliability of the material by sampling one third of the articles and manually reviewed the list of previous publications that had been attributed to the authors.	0
When institutions collaborate, a single article is counted more than once.	0
Networks developed where FIC's programs focused on a particular institution, there was a critical mass of trainees with similar interests, and investments for network development were available from early implementation.	5
A random sample with 95% confidence level and 4.2 confidence interval was calculated to be 500 for the set of citing articles.	2
Another question then is: How do different forms of collaboration relate to the impact of private-sector publications?	1
Reliable evidence is needed to improve health- care quality and to support efficient use of limited resources, and this depends on the conduct of good- quality RCTs.	0
I thank Ludo Waltman and two anonymous reviewers for their useful comments on an earlier draft.	0
6 Follower networks of Twitter users mentioning highly tweeted papers #1, #2, #3 and #6	0
Once all the trajectories are converted, the dynamic time warping (DTW) algorithm [41] is applied to calculate the distances.	3
The corresponding data from other connected platforms-Unpaywall and Sci-Hub—are also obtained and analyzed.	2
Using an application of scientometric methodology to the analysis of scientific communication, relationships between number of submissions of scientific articles and calendar events (e.g., festive seasons, weekend vacations, national public holidays, Chinese New Year, Christmas) are examined quantitatively.	1
(2002) were able to link only 9.3% of 1.15 million NPR to specific articles in the Science Citation Index.	0
Participants came from four countries in three continents (Singapore, Germany, the UK and the USA), and from four fields of study (social sciences and humanities, medical and health sciences, natural sciences, and engineering and technology sciences), representing a broad range of academic disciplines and experiences.	2
Any opinions, findings, conclusions or recommendations expressed in this paper are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.	0
From the 6,829 scholarly articles that cited the 231 HBR articles between their publication date and November 2009, we randomly selected 100 articles from the Academy of Management Review, Academy of Management Journal, Strategic Management Journal, and Journal of Management.	2
In this paper, we focus on PhD graduates, who play an important role in the innovation process and in particular in knowledge creation and diffusion.	1
Finally, our study highlights that the WoS OA label functions differently from most other data in the WoS metadata, due to its retroactive application, and this characteristic should be considered in future research aiming to use the WoS OA label.	5
We thank Ronald Rousseau (KHBO, Belgium) for editorial help during the preparation of this article.	0
Across all the data emerged a broad understanding that the provision of incentives to researchers as a reward for publications is an expected practice, and there was also a strong belief that the payment of incentives had a causal relationship with the increase in publications.	4
The Leiden ranking for scientific impact gathers the bibliometrics data from the Web of Science database and calculates the citation received for research papers published by each institution.	2
Much criticism against these authorship criteria from a CS perspective seems to concern unfair and non-transparent authorship practices rather than the very guidelines.	4
Based on the experiences gained with the beta distribution as model, it can be said that just as Hirsch's h-index combines the sample size and the mean value in a single measure, X-centage combines the location (mean value) and the asymmetry (skewness) of the distribution of a percentage-valued variable in a single indicator.	4
Keywords Biology · Life sciences · Gender · Age · Venezuela · Research · Productivity	0
We used the Web of Knowledge database (Thomson Reuters) for screening publications in the journal Nature and for the analysis of their regional distribution as well.	2
To evaluate H3, we utilized linear regression analysis to measure the degree to which observed changes in research output and collaboration pre-hire to post-hire were associated, net of covariates, with researcher demographic characteristics, cluster field, and institutional locations.	3
(1) To what extent do academics' work experiences and knowledge transfer differ between generations?	1
As such policies become more widespread, the expansion of potentially predatory journal research will be increasingly important.	5
Results of the study revealed that the highest share of publication was in life sciences (404), followed by medical sciences (337) and social sciences (329).	4
Table 2 THE INSTITUTIONS WHOSE MARKETING FACULTIES RECEIVED THE MOST CITATIONS PER FACULTY MEMBER (1972-1975)	0
Factor analysis allows us to test whether the indicators (RS, DIV, and BC) measure the same or different dimensions of diversity.	3
Deviations in style increase with authors’ ages, especially among the most influential of these star academics—Nobel laureates, contributing a small part of the decline in attention to articles that are produced by older authors, which we also document.	5
In this study, neurology articles were published most often in NEJM, and general medicine journals published more articles in neurology than in other medical specialties.	5
Statistically significant evidence for articles published in 2009 and 2010 support this hypothesis for seven of 12 journals (58%) in 2009 and 13 of 19 journals (68%) in 2010.	4
We found a majority of journals with a broader scope in terms of accounting research areas, but we see a concentration on specific research topics by analyzing the papers.	4
In 2004, 98% of the authors of articles in LISS with the subject term “open access” were from North America and Europe.	4
Which journals were actively producing COVID- 19-related research papers in the LIS field?	1
We analyzed biomedical research collaboration networks (RCNs) constructed from a dataset of research grants collected at a CTSA institution (i.e., University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS)) in a comprehensive and systematic manner.	2
This article was subsidized for English editing by National Taiwan University under the Excellence Improvement Program for Doctoral Students (Grant no.	0
The Business Model accounted for a higher proportion of variance in JQuality when manifested by h-index (R2 = 0.76) rather than by SJR (R2 = 0.64) (Table 1).	4
For the manuscripts that were accepted, results of the additive quantile regression (at the 95th quantile) found that after seven reviewer invitations, there was a substantial drop (i.e., limitation effect) in the potential for an article being highly cited (Fig.	4
Title mentions provide unstable results caused by the multiple name variants which an institution can present (such as acronyms and other language versions).	4
Wilcoxon rank-sum test was used to determine the significance of and compare continuous variables stratified between initial academic versus nonacademic job placement.	3
This paper presents a new global patent map that represents all technological categories and a method to locate patent data of individual organizations and technological fields on the global map.	1
The results need to be replicated for nonacademic PhDs, and persons in off-the-ladder appointments.	0
Articles published in the Strategic Management Journal (SMJ) between 1980 and 2014 were examined in order to assess and visualize the evolution of the network of institutional collaboration and identify the dynamics of institutional collaboration.	2
(i) RQ1: What are the percentages of global and Iranian publications based on the eight-topic division of LitCovid?	1
Methods required for the investigation of proteins, carbohydrates, or lipids were mostly transferred from other fields of life science to microbiology.	5
Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi.	0
First of all, the overlapping and unique journals in the three databases are identified.	0
In 2018, China was the least cited country for grounded theory, with only 1.65 citations per paper, against the leader, Israel, with 2.52.	4
The authors applied bibliometrics to study and present a retrospective summary of the publication trends, citations, pattern of authorship, productivity, popularity depicting influence, and the impact of the IJLM, its contributors, their affiliations, and discusses the conceptual layout of IJLM's prolific themes.	3
A search was then performed on Web of Science of each journal under "Publication Name", and results were sorted by the category "Times Cited".	3
Data collection was done by using the keyword 'Bot Survey****'.	3
Participants were 1,214 psychology faculty members from 4-year or higher institutions in the United States.	2
Adopting a semi-automatic harvesting process early on has proven very successful and effective.	4
The findings showed a positive and significant relationship between the RG score and Scopus citation metrics (p-value <0.05).	4
They can be broadly characterized as having Spanish as the language of publication, and a marked preference for single authorship; in contrast, the publication of "global topics”, not geographically limited, characteristically have English as the language of divulgation, and institutional collaboration is stronger and more consolidated.	4
We analyzed 1623 retractions issued in 2013–2015 and discussed in Retraction Watch (RW), www.retractionwatch.com.	1
The study employed bibliometrics research methods to quantitatively examine 607 master's and PhD theses and dissertations completed in three university law schools in South Africa.	2
The aims of this work were (1) uncover the perceptions of researchers regarding open access, open data, the publication process and open peer review on the Spanish scholarly publishing landscape and (2): what does this give us in research practices related to open science?.	1
The process of deriving the model adopted in this paper begins with a specification of Cobb-Douglas-type aggregate production function with human capital, physical capital, and the labour force as the factors of production:	3
Science versus technology by regions in relation to the number of inhabitants	0
3 Citations received by early and late collaborations of laureate-coauthor pairs.	0
The authors of ten library and information science articles provided the reasons for citing material in their articles and these reasons were compared with those suggested independently by readers of the articles.	2
here we are not interested in country-level or institutional collaboration at all).	1
Objective: To characterize the output of original scientific articles and review articles on COVID-19 published by Cuban authors in the journals included in the Scopus bibliographic database, the collaborations in these publications and their impact, according to the citation of the research in the world literature.	1
The number of participants ranged from 2 to 37.	4
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), which places the worldwide financial losses from phishing at US$ 12.5 billion from October 2013 to May 2018 with approximately 80,000 victims around the world.	5
To test the above theory, we used empirical data from the UK’s last Research Assessment Exercise (RAE).	2
About two-thirds of the respondents considered Sleep to be the highest ranked journal, followed by Sleep Medicine Reviews, which was ranked highest by almost a fifth of the respondents.	4
Specifically, we identify disproportionate self-citation of articles in a precise 2-year window as an indicator of metrics gaming via JIF inflation.	3
We wish to stress that our survey is limited to the USA.	0
A breakdown of the figures demonstrates the extent to which each region—and African science as a whole-is dominated by three nations: Egypt in the north, Nigeria in the middle, and South Africa in the south.	4
Figure 3: The reported barriers to developing a research career by young transplant surgeons	0
To do that, the current research develops a thematic analysis of ITS in literature, evaluating the intellectual structure and its evolution using SciMAT, quantifying the main bibliometric performance indicators, and identifying the main research areas, authors, journals, and countries.	1
The results show that the ranks of the individual business schools are quite stable.	4
Using Altmetric Explorer, a tool to search altmetrics activity, the authors searched for HPE articles that had at least one altmetrics event (e.g., an article was tweeted or featured in a news story) between 2011 and 2015.	2
The average citation-corrected field and year normalised readership count of country s in year y is therefore obtained by dividing by the bias correction factor.	3
The research design will be an instrumental case study.	3
To identify awakened articles, we employ the B coefficient, proposed by Ke et al.	3
To be able to cluster articles, and thus be comparable to the other methods, we first construct an integrated representation of an article from the entities associated with it.	3
Nearly half the ECRs thought there was a little or a lot of weakness with the peer review process and an even higher proportion (two-thirds) said it needed improving.	4
ESI's selection of HCPs provides an intuitive feel for the problems of normalized citation impact indicators, such as those provided in InCites and SciVal.	1
In their most recent report in 2021, faculty continued to express strong positive feelings about OA publishing, but ranked content coverage, wide circulation, and journal impact factor (jif) as the top three characteristics of journals driving their choices about where to publish.	4
This article utilises data from a unique multi-wave survey of agricultural scientists conducted in Kenya to study changes in access to and use of ICT technologies among Kenyan scientists from 2001 to 2010, as well as professional activities and productivity during the same period.	2
On a dynamic landscape, the difference in performance between random allocation by Lotto and Perfect Selection is only marginal.	4
Not only do the rates of publications and home runs fall in the five years following tenure, but they continue to fall in the five years after that.	4
Table 4 presents sample ranking results and their rank values achieved under each system.	0
It must be emphasized that the results of the citation search can be used only as a surrogate measure of influence.	0
This work is therefore in itself reflexive, illustrating the kind of new approach to science it aims at promoting.	5
The results were as outlined above: we found three sleeping beauties among these 303,255 citations to articles in psychology—those of Stroop (1935), Maslow (1943), and Simon (1956).	4
Additionally, for this journal, more published work comes from authors working in developed countries.	5
On average, 68.3 new titles appeared each year during that past decade; of these, 31.9 pertained to education and 36.4 pertained to psychology.	0
The dependency of the proposed equation on the number of researchers eliminates the bias of the large universities over the small universities.	5
Like other citation matrices, journal-journal citation matrices are asymmetrical, because there is no mutuality implied in a citation relation.	0
We adopt DID estimation to explore the impact of academic engagement with industry on the scientific production of both awarded recipients (treatment group) and unawarded nominees (control group).	3
(1) What are the major research themes and topics in academic publishing research in the articles cited in the WOS between 1970-2020?	1
The most active journal was IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics.	4
Instead, the AER appears to align its publications with broader field trends as represented by the other Top 5 journals.	4
+ Part of the research which forms the basis for this paper has been funded by the DGXII TSER project 'Restructuring and reintegration of S&T systems in economies in transition'.	0
The authors DECLARE that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
The majority (81%) had Similarity Indices between 20% and 40%.	4
In this study, we investigate the use of journal lists in Chinese scientists' research practices, aiming to understand how scientists react to new journal lists in China, how these lists affect their valuation of publishing channels, and how they perceive 'journal quality' in their research practice.	1
The AJPC system's classification evaluation methods were detailed in the following section.	0
The Scopus and WoS DBs attribute a number of translated Russian journals not to Russia but to the country where the translated version is published; this is why Russia's aggregate bibliometric indicators are probably understated both in Scimago Country Rank and in Thomson Reuters periodical reviews.	5
This study is limited by the sample being only ten fields out of 335 available in Scopus.	5
For each journal issue published between 2003 and 2012, the authors recorded the following information: total number of refereed articles, number of refereed articles with at least one USAL author, total number of authors for each refereed article, the number of authors who were U.S. academic librarians, the name of each USAL, their affiliation, and their non-USAL coauthors’ names and titles.	3
The questions we will answer about 'professional adhocracy' fields are: (1) Can we relate societal impact to (past) productive interactions?	1
Weber proposes that lifestyle similarities preserve status by producing interactional closure between status similar actors.	1
Various procedures—including calculating system density, measures of centrality (Freeman, 1979), Bonacich's (1972) eigenvector measure, hierarchical cluster analysis, and metric multidimensional scaling (MDS)—were used to provide a rich description of the international hyperlink network.	3
The relationships among the factors of the international learning experience are not shown for reasons of parsimony.	0
3 shows how the publication points per scholar can oscillate strongly for a less research-intensive department (mean yearly percentage difference of 106%, maximum yearly difference 280%.	4
Percentage in parentheses; numbers include only articles and review articles, and exclude editorials, letters, conference proceedings and other document types.	0
This paper provides a dynamic approach to the process of building knowledge-based societies in developing and emerging regions and countries worldwide through a new understanding of the co-evolution of human capital formation and research capacity.	5
Our analysis shows that it is possible to have relatively uncomplicated measures of quantity and quality to assess Australian health and medical research (HMR) investment returns by measuring the temporal trends in HMR expenditure and PubMed publications by Australian authors.	5
Given the large number of new journals in education and psychology, plus thousands of publications that had already existed prior to 2000, many researchers require the advanced searching/sorting capabilities of indexing and abstracting services.	0
The analysis of word associations and word frequencies (see supplementary material, Figures S1–S3) showed emerging trends in lexical choices that also have implications about the specific subject area and approach preferred in each journal, and—interestingly—do not necessarily correspond with the advertised scope of each journal.	4
DIFF is the difference between the mean citation impact scores of articles (MCS-art), compared with the mean impact scores of editorial materials (MCS-Edi), or in a formula: DIFF = MCS art MCS - Edi, where MCS stands for the mean citation score per paper, excluding self-citations.	3
A total of 34 students have received PhDs from the department between 2003 and2012, and all 29 available (not embargoed) dissertation bibliographies, consisting of 5,735 citations, were examined for the present study (Table I).	2
Data on the following cited/citing years were obtained: 1997/1999, 2000/2002, 2003/2005, 2006/2008, and 2009/2011.	2
Second, the results of this study should not be used as a menu for authors to decide to which journals to target their submitted manuscripts.	0
To further explore how publications with various patterns of citations differ in terms of their download-citation relations, we divide all publications in our dataset into five categories with Inception-v3 migration model (Xia, Cui, & Bing, 2017), a widely used deep learning model, namely stationary type, rising type, lognormal type, normal type, and reversed lognormal type, as illustrated in Fig.	3
Four experimental settings—groups were tested: No-reward: no reward was offered for accepting the invitation to become reviewers Engagement: reward for accepting to become part of the pool of reviewers Completion: reward for completing at least a review report Performance: reward for quality and quantity of reviews	3
Second, when P-scores are high (better rank position) and H-indices are low (worse rank position) we have venues of good reputation among computer scientists that are associated with small research communities or subareas.	5
Retracted paper mill papers most commonly originated from China and were published in a small number of journals.	5
The top-3 contributing countries were the United States of America (n = 369), India (n = 134), and China (n = 127).	4
The mean h-index of this group of pediatric surgeons was 18 ± 1.1, mean number of publications (since 2001) was 21 ± 2.1, and both increase commensurate with academic rank.	4
This article describes altmetrics and examines altmetrics attention, outlets used, and top article characteristics for health professions education (HPE) research.	1
A multi-layered analysis of the collected papers was devised, employing a mixture of qualitative and quantitative methods as well as lexical analysis methods (Figure 1).	3
Acceptance rates for each gender were calculated by dividing the number of submissions for each gender by the number of accepts for that gender.	3
In each graph, the black circle shows direct citation, the white triangle shows co-citation, and the black square shows bibliographic coupling.	0
This has allowed the typology to capture the diversity of impact pathways in SSH, but at the same time to develop the typology on the basis of their similarities.	5
Note: Tie strength ≥.350; the separation of clusters was not related to the value of tie strength	0
We would like to thank all experts and coordinators who kindly exchanged their views at the occasion of the evaluation projects.	0
Social network analysis like co-word occurrence analysis, co-authorship analysis, and other indicators of scientific discovery and knowledge production, has been a useful tool for bibliometric analyses (Kumar and Jan 2014).	3
Our findings reveal that cohesion in HCRA titles favors Extension and Enhancement cross-disciplinarily, but not Elaboration.	5
1 Cluster dendrogram for cross-citation hierarchical clustering of 8,305 journals (Cutting off at 15 clusters on the left-hand side)	0
Among all factors, the Internet, which leads to a greater access to information, stands as the most probable source of this effect.	5
RQ3: What is the distribution of journal impact measured across bibliographic databases?	1
Keyword analysis an indicator of the content of the learning scientific papers and relations between the learning categories.	3
To this end, we utilize Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG)53, a widely used dataset containing detailed records of over 263 million scientific publications authored by 271 million scientists.	2
The NYT and academia, though distinct, have become symbiotic enterprises within the ecology of public knowledge.	5
Consequently, though LIS educators may cover the misconduct issues student researchers face during the submission and peer review process, this study's findings suggest LIS researchers are not equipped to respond to editorial misconduct events that happen after acceptance, specifically during the copyediting and typesetting part of the academic publishing workflow.	5
Learned Publishing published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of ALPSP.	0
The review, based on the selection criteria above, resulted in a list of 33 English-language, refereed journals, reflecting a wide range of library and information science research fields, and all major LIS publishing houses (Appendix A).	2
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 52 times since 2006*	0
To test whether Spanish national rankings differ from one another, both in terms of the metrics used and the ways in which universities are ranked, we employed a two-step method.	3
1), ChatGPT offered sound advice, but nothing new that is not already known in terms of broad advice for taking care when selecting a journal.	4
The increase in publications from mainland China lowers the probability of intentional alphabetical authorship in the natural science and technology subject categories that we examined.	4
Likewise, we find that verification of compliance with the mandatory prerequisites is not always possible because of the lack of transparency.	4
We aimed to assess the effects of complexity and competition on the incidence and growth of coauthorship, using a sample of the biomedical literature spanning multiple journals and disciplines.	1
Our main goal is to examine the trajectories of scientific areas shown in Figure 2.	1
Applications include forecasting publication counts from published funding plans, estimating the funding required for a nation to improve its publication performance, and using models for “what-if” experimentation.	5
In the detailed per category results and case study, we further verified that auxiliary tasks and heterogeneous features help to improve the recognition of minor citation intent categories.	5
Scopus citation reporting yielded a higher calculated h-index for 59% (n=36) of individuals, Figure 2a.	4
Our findings show that little geographic mobility is found in many researchers in the Environmental Science and Engineering field in China.	5
The citations count is flawed but it still the most common way of measuring the academic impact used by scholarly journals (Impact Factor), individual researchers (h-index) and funding agencies (a proxy for quality of research).	1
Thomas Hugh Feeley (Ph.D., State University of New York at Buffalo) is Professor and Chair of the Department of Communication at the University at Buffalo (SUNY).	0
To illustrate the usefulness and the effectiveness of the PageRank method, we discuss the results of our study in this section.	0
Our aim is to explore, by answering the following two questions, how the leadership role as a university president or a department dean affects one’s performance as a researcher.	1
Most scientists were cooperative, and only a few failed to provide thoughtful responses to my questions.	0
A key concern is whether department location effects are weaker in sociology than in the past research on the hard sciences.	0
Therefore, this study aimed to provide a guideline for reporting bibliometric reviews.	1
Not all queries are listed in the table to make the table simple and avoid complexities.	0
Section 2 (Related work) presents previous rankings of software engineering authors.	0
(2013) retrieved on May 3, 2012 as supplementary material.	2
Based on the results of our analysis, it is clear that classification models can be highly effective in identifying trends and patterns within large datasets based on keywords.	5
The framework outlines features of profile content and narrative that may influence the assessment of the profile and of the researcher's competence and trustworthiness.	4
During this time lag, a critical mass of scientists is needed.	0
On average, our respondents reported familiarity with just under 13 of the 20 journals (x = 12.93, s = 4.171).	4
Results show that researchers lack awareness of open access and its value, and that there is also confusion about publishers' copyright policies and researcher reputation.	4
Is the percentage of OA journal articles that receive at least one citation within 2 years after publication higher than that of subscription journal articles?	1
Each curve starts on the horizontal axis at the non-published proportion of the rank category and then rises by AS and by cumulative proportion, with each individual score adding a marker to the curve	0
This paper addresses the problem of weight equality in traditional SPX algorithm.	5
2011), we calculated for all the publications the following citation indicators: citation score (CS), that is, number of citations per publications; normalized citation score (NCS), that is, number of citations per publications, with a normalization for fields differences and publication year; JCS, that is the average number of citations received by all publications in that journal of a publication; and normalized journal score (NJS), that is, the average number of citations received by all publications in that journal normalized by fields dif-ferences and publication year.	3
Selection among scientists should, in principle, be based on merit; however, it is mostly based on some quantifiable achievement, such as number of papers, number of independent citations, cumulative impact factor, h-index, etc.	4
A Highly Successful Emerging Keyword (HS-EK) was previously defined as one satisfying the following criteria: (1) the number of its appearances after 10 years of being designated an EK is at least 10 times larger than its initial year and (2) the total number of its appearances after 10 years is more than 100 (Ohniwa & Hibino, 2019).	3
This article empirically investigates the connection between international collaboration and research quality for the first time, with 148,977 UK-based journal articles with post publication expert review scores from the 2021 Research Excellence Framework (REF).	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Of the sampled journals, the Journal of Advertising returned the highest percentage of US authors while the International Journal of Advertising returned the lowest percentage of US authors and the highest number of different countries (36) represented.	4
Consequently, there are an unknown share of authors in the database where the given name is missing.	0
Details about their citation profile is retrieved from Clarivate Analytic's WoS (wos) on 27 November 2019.	2
More recently, Abbasi et al. [1] used social network analysis (SNA) measures to examine the effect of co-authorship networks on the (citation-based) performance of scholars in the discipline of information systems.	4
Finally, it is observed that the publication rates of Science disciplines are much higher than Social Science articles, depicting that the growth of Science disciplines is more rapid in Pakistan.	4
Purpose - The main purpose of this study was to examine which job resources are most valuable for research productivity, depending on varying teaching demands.	1
My next encounter with the Epstein study came two weeks later, again in the form of a phone call.	0
Since the early 2000s, it has been customary for the editors of many journals to notify electronically their reviewers regarding the final disposition of each article that they review.	0
The quality of researchers’ grant applications depends on their research and applying skills and motivation.	3
The most effective scaling factor is the average of the productivity distribution of researchers with productivity above zero.	4
Funding from the European Commission (IST Programme FP5) is gratefully acknowledged.	0
We operationalize papers representing “high” impact as those being in the top 1 percent most cited papers in that WoS field in that year, based on citation counts as of December 31, 2006 (“top”).	3
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
As can be seen in the "Appendixes 1 and 2", these results (data from JCR) match closely with those described by Verstak et al. (data from Google Scholar).	4
The online list of iSchools was used to retrieve data from Science Citation Index (SCI) and Social Science Citation Index (SSCI).	2
Received November 22, 1983; revised February 1984; accepted May 4, 1984.	0
This paper presents a case study of the instructional approach taken at the University of Maine library to facilitate discussions of alternative impact assessments that reach beyond traditional publications.	3
Following the approach of Ruiz-Castillo and Costas (2014), we then measure the degree of SDS skewness for each distribution, using the index proposed by Groeneveld and Meeden (1984), calculated as:	3
We identified 164,377 articles in 222 cardiovascular journals from 1997-2007.	2
By demystifying the authorship process early on, trainees were empowered to lead 68% of all products so far, allowing us to share our findings and build strong networks early in our careers.	4
We recruited a sample of eighty individuals based in the Republic of Ireland and the UK working in publicly-funded food-related research.	2
trends, patterns, nature, and type of research collaboration) reported in previously published works.	1
To be a complement, Table 5 showed the top 20 highly cited journals, with their impact factors and places (countries) of publication.	0
A Pajek (*.net) file was then extracted from VOSviewer and used as input to the one-mode network SNA analysis and mapping tool, Netdraw (Borgatti et al.	3
The results show that, with KP features, the prediction models are more effective than those with journal and/or author features, especially in the management information system discipline.	4
Disclaimer: The views expressed in this analysis are those of the authors and do not necessarily represent those of the National Institutes of Health or the Unites States Department of Health and Human Services.	0
This paper reports on a qualitative study of the authorship standards and practices of six NSF-funded interdisciplinary environmental science teams.	1
The purpose of this study is to test the effectiveness of the normative approach in describing citer behavior that produces high citation counts.	1
The study also investigated the top ten countries in the number of scientific publications in the OA journals investigated.	1
To analyze mistakes and misconduct in multidisciplinary and specialized biomedical journals.	1
We apply DIV to the aggregated citation patterns of 11,487 journals covered by the Journal Citation Reports 2016 of the Science Citation Index and the Social Sciences Citation Index as an empirical domain and, in more detail, to the citation patterns of 85 journals assigned to the Web-of-Science Subject Category Information Science & Library Science in both the cited and citing directions.	3
To identify patterns of journals citation we applied the Bradford's Law of scattering (Bradford, 1934) that describes the scatter of citations and identifies the most highly cited journals (the core journals) for a field or subject.	3
The subsection provides the mathematical proof and examples to illustrate how to consider the citation preference in MPA.	0
The data set consisted of the bibliographic records of 1,347 publications.	2
This process is then repeated for all scholars that one seeks to compare, and then their scores can be compared.	0
The focus of this study is to identify those measures that are suited to supplement traditional impact metrics and to investigate the differences between those altmetric indicators and the robustness of the parameter-free distribution-based method Characteristic Scores and Scales (CSS; see Gl?nzel et al.	1
Based on data from 248 academic scientists in Kenya, our research examines the relationship between collaboration and productivity, while presenting an analysis of the factors affecting the two.	1
Firstly, we carry out a descriptive analysis of the 57,593 articles that were published in the 195 journals included in the development subject category.	3
Our study critically engages with techniques of self-quantification in contemporary academia, by demonstrating how social networking services enact research and scholarly communication as a 'game'.	1
As such, journals are integral to the maintenance and advancement of the profession.	0
The first two rows of Table 7 provide summary measures of performance for each measure.	0
Between them, the 116 ECRs published an impressive 1,178 journal articles in peer reviewed journals over their short research lifetime, with the average ECR having published over 10 papers.	4
Matched systematic reviews and randomized controlled trials were cited 2,411times and 1,600 times, respectively.	4
The main fields are ecology, botany, zoology, evolution and aquatic biology.	4
Here, the Louvain community detection algorithm (Blondel et al.	3
The Institutional Review Board (IRB) at An-Najah National University does not require submission of an IRB application for such study.	0
What is the growth rate of scholarly literature on social tagging?	1
However, there are spikes in the use of Yugoslav national colors that correlate with major developments on the Kosovo frontier.	4
The datasets used and/or analysed during the current study are available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.	0
Investigation of Perceived Respect (PR), Perceived Intelligence (PI), and Perceived Methodological Rigor (PM) as components of competence indicates that earth scientists perceive social science/scientists as less competent than natural science/ scientists.	5
We would like to thank the editors and reviewers of Information Research as well as all the proponents of the open access movement.	0
We address the econometric challenge of separating the citation effect of online access from unobserved quality effects by assembling a large panel data set of citations from any of the thousands of journals indexed by Thomson ISI between 1980 and 2005 to articles published from 1956 to 2005 in a sample of the top one hundred economics and business journals.	2
The adopted four indicators, novelty, growth, coherence, and impact, are described as follows.	3
Of the 78 articles (45 in Scopus and 33 in WoS), 31 are indexed in both databases, which represents 68.89% of articles in Scopus and 93.94% in WoS.	2
This present research focuses primarily on how knowledge management intensified research collaboration, and as a secondary effect increased the quantity and quality of research publications.	1
The social structure analysis showed that the United States and Germany had significant co-authorship relationships with other countries.	4
we focus on papers with 2 to 14 authors.	2
Systematic reviews published in high impact factor Dental journals focused on implantology and periodontology had the highest citation rates.	5
No article types were predictive of high Altmetric scores.	4
Twenty-seven OREF grant awardees (22%) received NIH funding at a mean of 6.3 years after OREF funding.	4
The logit part instead indicates that scientists with multiple affiliations are more likely to achieve international presence in their collaborations.	4
The institutions that are more central and serve as leaders for the whole network are PUC and UCH with a degree centrality of 17 and 15 respectively.	4
We created an online survey using Google forms and distributed the URL of the survey via the WhatsApp mobile application during the third quarter of 2019.	2
In fact, our claim that our results support the interchangeable use of bibliometrics and peer evaluation is mainly based on the fact that, according to the values of Cohen's K (which comply to the minimum requirements introduced by Cohen), the degree of agreement among bibliometrics and peer-review ratings, apart from not originating from chance, is on average and in most of the cases higher than the agreement between two reviewers of the same paper.	5
In this study, we investigated the time delay between basic research activities and technology patents.	5
The current study details the academic impact of otorhinolaryngology and head and neck surgery physicians worldwide based on the Google Scholar h-index.	5
1 School of Informatics and Computing, Indiana University Bloomington, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA	0
The purpose of this paper is to analyse the publishing trends of information science academics in Kenya as well as the extent to which publications influence their scholarly lives.	1
Mesoscopic analysis comprehensively investigates the same or similar external performances of academic objects groups.	3
Bivariate chi-square analyses were performed using population totals and were corroborated using z-tests of population proportions using JMP (version 13.0.0).	3
The terminological composition of information management (IM) and knowledge management (KM) is described in order to evidence how much do these areas overlap within the library and information sciences (LIS) space.	1
Finally, we select the numbers of nodes and of edges of the network as the network-level indicators to describe the dynamic evolution of the entire standards system.	3
Based on our search criteria, in the past 22 years, there have been 6006 veterinary education publications with 101 publications in 2000, 684 publications in 2021 (577% increase), and 677 communication-related publications with 9 publications in 2000, 107 publications in 2021 (1189% increase).	4
To evaluate peer review of author-suggested reviewers (Ra), this research compared them with editor-selected reviewers (Re) using 1-year data collected from Journal of Systematics and Evolution.	1
We used the SHERPA ROMEO database and publicly available publishing protocols to evaluate open access (OA) policies, article processing charges (APCs), subscription costs, and availability of health literature relevant to authors and readers in LMICs.	3
The majority of participants first encountered the journal via an email invitation to submit an article (n=32, 41.0%), or through an online search to find a journal with relevant scope (n=22, 28.2%).	4
Alongside a significant desire to value and achieve impact amongst researchers in this case study, there is the underlying sense that processes to articulate and evidence impact remain challenging.	5
Notably, overall video engagement and product-placement intensity do not predict sales lift.	4
However, in particular from 1993 onwards a significant shift towards the university sector becomes visible.	4
As a whole, eight countries remain in the top 10 in both the KC and KAD indexes, including the USA, Canada, China, the UK, Netherlands, France, Germany, and Australia, which show that these eight countries have stronger KC and KAD capabilities.	4
3(c)), which has been considered as a consequence of cumulative advantage of degrees or complete copying.	4
Lastly, authors in the whole period were ranked based on network centrality metrics, such as degree centrality, Bonacich's power index, closeness centrality, and betweenness centrality.	4
The concordance between author-based h-indices measured by GS and WoS is largest for Chemistry followed by Cardiology, Political Science, Sociology and Economics.	4
Crossref and Directory of Open Access Journals), repositories and publisher's services.	2
We illustrate the stability of the TS scores using a sample of 286 non-clinical publications that were published in 2003 and acknowledged NIH grants with a PI from Emory University.	2
We have selected 10 publications of each of the three areas.	2
We find that coauthored papers are published in higher quality journals compared to single-author papers.	4
Alan Asher is art and music librarian, University of Northern Iowa, Cedar Falls; he may be contacted via e-mail at: alan.asher@uni.edu.	0
The true motivations of the editor are unknown, but one can speculate.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
This paper confirms that the intensity of collaboration is negatively associated with geographical distance (Hoekman et al.	5
To do so, we extracted 89 scientists publication’s data from web of science, mostly working in scientiometric as well as bibliometrics and convey the h-index, year based h-indices, EM-index and EM-index and year based EM- index.	2
The IF for a given year is calculated by dividing the number of citations of items published in the previous two years by the number of citable items published in those same years.	3
In terms of gender differences, the sample comprised 7% more men, significantly greater than the proportion of women reviewers, but the number of invitations to review did not differ between men and women.	5
The main contribution of this study is to reveal the distinctiveness of the author interdisciplinarity that differs from other types of interdisciplinarity and propose a rational and effective extended Rao-Stirling measure to specially evaluate the author interdisciplinarity.	5
It finds slightly more citations than Scopus overall, and substantially more for articles from the current year.	5
The betweenness centrality consistently shows an intermediate level of correlation with both degree (τ = .489) and indegree (τ = .517).	4
Correspondence: Tatiana Reitblat, MD, Rheumatology Unit, Barzilai Medical Center, Hahistadrout St 2, Ashkelon 78278, Israel.	0
Furthermore, a comparison of our new method with previous models of citation network analysis and knowledge combination analysis showed that our new method is better than those previous methods when used in measuring originality.	5
The main sources used to trace the extent of the "official" implementation of open-science policies are the websites of Spanish public universities.	2
By integrating Altmetric scores with detailed topic and article-type information, CoronaCentral (https://coronacentral.ai) enables users to narrow their focus to identify important papers in a timely manner.	5
The 258 non-EM journals were classified into 68 categories.	4
The fit of the model to data is evaluated using an appropriate goodness-of-fit test.	3
It then compares China (a fast emerging nation) and the USA (a dominant world leader) on the basis of selected bibliometric variables.	1
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
publication productivity and citation impact) as a linear function of input factors.	5
ΣR i=1 p2 i for a measure of evenness.	3
French Medical Ethics data set consists of 786 researchers, has an h-index of 16 (meaning that at least 16 articles have received 16 ISI-based citations or more), and the average number of citations per article is 6.21.	2
The SPT processed 3931 editing requests in 2017–2018, which was a marked increase compared with prior to its establishment (P = 0.0097).	4
A participation strength network (PSN) shows the strength of relations between different disciplines in a network structure where each node represents a discipline, an edge (i.e., link) between two nodes represents the participation of the underlying disciplines in at least a successful grant application, and the thickness of the link between two nodes represents the participation frequency and weight of the underlying disciplines represented by those nodes in successful grant applications (Khan et al.	3
First, we collect metadata about a publisher's catalog from three sources: the publisher's website, Crossref, and Dimensions.	3
The second finding is the multilingual trend in linguistics research.	5
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 1542 times since 2008*	0
Co-authorship networks are increasingly used as valuable tools to evaluate interoperability trends and reveal leading researchers and organisations (Fonseca et al., 2016).	0
Data were retrieved from Thomson Reuters Web of Science Core Collection (WoS) following the strategy of Zhang et al. (2011), with extension of the period 2005–2013.	2
In this study all author names were converted to surname/initial format which would have resulted in small but unknown number of authors with the same surname/initial combinations being treated as single entities, but reducing the very common problem of accidentally splitting individual authors into multiple entities.	3
Our main set of results uses the set of winners from a broader set of prizes for great mathematical achievement (awards that are themselves good predictors of winning the Fields Medal) to construct a representative group of brilliant mathematicians who can be thought of as “contenders” for the medal.	3
That is, a researcher with a high h index after 12 years is highly likely to have a high h index after 24 years.	0
This is the report of a cross-sectional study of articles published between 2015 and 2017 in selected international dental journals.	2
A logistic regression model was built to assess the relative weights of these factors as influences on citation counts.	3
I measure the intellectual proximity between an applicant and his or her review committee as the number of permanent reviewers who have cited an applicant's work in the five years prior to the meeting, conditional on the total number of such reviewers.	3
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/0885-8624.htm	0
In this paper, using citation data of both research papers and patents, we quantify the direct influence of the scientific outputs of nations on further advancements in science and on the introduction of new technologies.	1
The “Law of Triviality” holds for the conduct, publishing and evaluation of management and social-science research.	1
The study analyzed quantitative data from IRs implemented at RPUs in order to observe patterns and trends that may be unique to these institutions and to identify where RPUs align with practices previously observed at other types of institutions.	1
Lexical similarities between documents are calculated as the cosine between the TFIDF vectors representing the documents.	3
1 Non-Traditional Security Center of Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, Hubei, China	0
As will be shown in the section on results it has been replaced in terms of importance to the global plant molecular life science research community by Arabidopsis thaliana.	0
The average annual increase of funding over the previous 5 years (2007-08 to 2011-12) was 8.8%.	4
The researcher is interested in publishing the paper in a journal with a rank number less than or equal to k.	1
The study proposed a framework for the development of IRs.	4
Academic dermatologists were indexed using the NIH iCite database.	2
In the end we matched 32,361 unique articles (and 55,262 total references) to our subset of Scopus journals (top 250 in each research field).	2
Using the Qualtrics Research Suite (Qualtrics, Provo, Utah), a questionnaire was designed to evaluate the experience of radiology trainees regarding phishing scams of predatory publications and conferences.	2
Design/setting: Retrospective cross-sectional analysis of 134 retractions from January 2000 to December 2015.	3
The rest of the paper is organised in the following way: “Related work” section presents related work; “Material and method" section describes the material and method used for the experiments; "Data analysis" section presents the data analysis we perform and the results we record; “Discussion" section discusses the results; finally, “Conclusions and future work" section presents our conclusions and future work.	0
We extract the co-author communities from bibliographic repositories and plot the evolution of their performance results over time.	3
Five of the eight indicators suggest an OAAA for books: News, Blog, Policy and both Twitter coverage and Twitter rate have an AF of between 2.4 and 3.2.	4
For the classification process, we used a machine learning approach based on a combination of two methods, AdaBoost and the Na?ve Bayes Classifier.	3
Universities play an important role in the development of a country in this age of the knowledge economy.	0
The aim of this study, therefore, was to determine the areas of translational surgical research that have been most influential in driving advances in the art and science of surgery, not only to identify what makes a surgical article citable, but also to develop what might arguably constitute an all-time surgical must-do reading list.	1
This analysis is based on in-person and telephone interviews with 60 academic scientists in 14 STEM disciplines in 13 US states.	2
Based on these findings, this paper evaluates the main changes that the field has undergone and highlights the current trends in its development.	1
Data were collected from the Web of Science database.	2
To quantify the strength of collaboration ties between country pairs, in the light of previous studies (Gui et al., 2018, 2019; Parreira et al., 2017; Shi et al., 2020), we here adopt the Jaccard similarity coefficient, which can capture the degree of overlap of two countries’ scientific research in the AI discipline.	3
The aim of this paper is therefore to allow for a more systematic and informed analysis of translational research.	1
The heterogeneous feature sets include syntax, statistical, structural and sentiment features.	3
The aim of this paper is to deliver detailed descriptive evidence on publication patterns of graduates of North American economics departments' PhD programs, which we refer to as North American PhDs throughout this paper.	1
Gendered collaboration propensity was calculated using the total number of same-gender collaborators divided by the number of all collaborators.	3
In general terms, this study reveals that the geology workshop had a mixed impact on children's perceptions of science.	5
The scientific approach applied to the study of hazelnut production has evolved toward a multidisciplinary and multisectoral approach as evidenced by the analysis of publications.	5
This section, following Aldieri et al. (2018b), will focus on a basic non-overlapping generation (NOLG) model economy, which is proposed in Acemoglu (1996).	3
The harmonic mean of two vectors X and Y in (R+)∞ is defined as the vector HM(X,Y), with components (HM(X,Y))r = hm(xr,yr) = 2xryr/(xr+yr), if xr or yr ≠ 0, and equal to 0 otherwise.	3
Visualizing and analyzing the co-authorship network of the authors of JRMS using macro-level metrics;	1
Also, this study aims to improve the sustainability of publication in Saudi universities.	1
A total of 62.6% of projects were awarded to physicians, one-third of whom were otolaryngologists.	4
Types of references in the 409 most-cited economics papers published 2001-2005	0
In conclusion, both inventor classification codes coupling analysis has the effect of revealing the structure of knowledge.	5
2) How did the societal interaction plans contribute to new capacities and practices of research at the commencement of the projects?	1
We estimate that one Million euros in excellence policy leads to 22.5 more scientific articles (that means a paper funded this way costs less than fifty thousand euros), among which 19 are out of an international collaboration, 2.5 are produced in collaboration with industry, 3.7 are top 10% cited papers and .6 are top 1% cited papers.	4
The results suggest that the increases in qualitative methods previously found for narrow fields (Bluhm et al., 2011; Hider & Pymm, 2008; Taipale & Fortunati, 2014) are almost universal throughout broad fields, and apply to four individual approaches: interviews, case studies, focus groups and ethnographies.	5
Neither the European Union nor the European Research Executive Agency can be held responsible for them.	0
Associate professors accept significantly more frequently than full professors, whereas there are no differences between full professors, assistant professors and teaching assistant, which is consistent with Hypothesis 3.	4
In this study, we define a GC as “prominent" if it interconnects with more than 50 per cent of nodes (> 50 per cent) in the network (see Figure 1).	3
We report on the scientific activity in the field of physics in the Balkan countries on the basis of the publications registered in the databases of Web of Science for a period of over twenty years.	1
We investigated whether such changes are likely to improve the reproducibility of science even in the presence of persistent incentives for publication quantity through computational modelling.	1
Most author-level metrics (citation indices) do not take into account the time of publication of the considered author’s papers and are based on a simple characterisation of each author by a decreasing n-tuple a = (a1, ..., an), a1 ≥ ...	3
The source of information on publication activity used in this article is the SSCI database, covering publication activity for all tenure-track staff for the period 1990–2016.	2
In summary, most policy document mentions have truly made use of the content of scholarly paper, in the critical part of policy document, and been aimed to improve its persuasion and reliability.	5
Statistical analysis was performed on the collected citation data, and conclusions were drawn from the results.	3
In Cluster0, the proportion of the B-B mode is more than half and reaches 60%, while it accounts for just over a third in Cluster1.	4
We use data on 34,964 journals indexed in Scopus and calculated globalization scores in 174 countries, 27 narrow and 4 broad disciplines between 2005 and 2017.	2
Disparity refers to the semantic distance between research contents, which is indicated by the cosine distance (Rahutomo et al., 2012; Senoussaoui et al., 2013) between any two entity vectors.	3
A random number generator was used to randomly select academic neurological departments from the American Medical Association's FREIDA database.	2
We examine several relationships potentially associated with funding, including first citation, total citations, and the chances of becoming highly cited.	1
In order to retrospect the journal clearly, we posed the following five research questions:	1
This cross-sectional study evaluated articles from pharmacy journals ranked in the top 10% according to the AAS in the year 2017.	2
Document types were limited to only research articles since they provided empirical findings.	2
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS: The author thanks Abigail Grissom and Janet Robertson for their assistance in preparing this paper.	0
5 consists of 10 clusters, which also remains consistent with clustering by subject and field.	4
It is found that often-cited researchers attract new citation numbers that are disproportionate to the quality of their work.	4
A meticulous disambiguation process has been carried out for identifying correctly the authors.	2
* Correspondence: Hua Mei, Shanghai University of Medicine and Health Sciences, Shanghai 201318, China (e-mail:xzmei1208@163.com).	0
The objectives of the study were: (i) To detect which elements of scientific articles are mentioned, in which form and in which location within policy documents and, (ii) To analyze with what motivation these texts are included.	1
We complement this information with measurements of national expenditures in research and development (R&D), collected from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD, www.oecd.org).	2
Mathematics Subject Classification 01A90 · 91D30 · 90B10 · 65F30 · 65F35	0
In short, the marginal returns (in terms of average impact) of output are decreasing.	5
In the 2010-2014 period, the researchers at UP cited scholarly journals from the SD consortium in their published papers the most, followed by the scholarly journals from the SL consortium and then the scholarly journals from the W consortium (Table 8).	4
Greedy modularity optimization of the 'Canadian-made' nanotechnology patent co-citation network shows that patent citations can effectively be used as indicators of technological relatedness.	4
Open access refers to the practice of making scholarly research freely available to the public, without any financial barriers or restrictions.	0
The query was also amended and submitted to search for Microsoft Word documents (.doc and.docx), which are also present in the repository.	0
First, keywords in the field of complex systems are clustered into seven communities (Fig.	4
We use data regarding all papers published in APS (American Physical Society) journals between 1980 and 2013.	2
The intent of this study is to provide greater context for this current phenomenon of collaborative research outputs through an examination of three lines of inquiry: 1.	1
For these same comparisons, significance tests were undertaken using two-sample t tests for means or chi-square tests for proportions, as appropriate (MedCalc, 2022a, 2022b).	3
Two dimensions of trust are identified as central to the theoretical construction of trust, namely competence and trustworthiness.	3
In our study, we particularly collect the monthly numbers of downloads and citations for all publications between January 2007 and October 2017 in the Lancet (11,531 articles in total) using the Mendeley database.	2
For Nature articles published from 2010 to 2015, Twitter mention rate increases from 6.5 to 100.2.	4
The United States of America had the most listings with 95 conferences cited followed by South Africa with 45 citations.	4
Does early Mendeley readership mediate the relationship between early usage counts and later citation impact?	1
The following social network metrics were selected to understand the team experience.	3
The responses from the participants were noted from the mails and were coded as per specific questions.	3
Except for the number of scholars and nations, all variables showed a significant relationship with the disruption index.	4
Daly is Team Leader, Access Services, University Library, University of Wollongong, Australia; e-mail: rdaly@uow.edu.au.	0
The selected data consist of the following attributes: (i) tweet ID; (ii) Altmetric.com ID; (iii) screen-name; (iii) screen-name-mention; (iv) retweet; (v) mention; (vi) subject field; and (vii) date of publication.	2
We describe systematic capitalization on chance, distinguish it from unsystematic capitalization on chance, address five common practices that capitalize on chance, and offer actionable strategies to minimize the capitalization on chance and improve the reproducibility and replicability of future IB research.	1
The median indigeneity reached 52% in 2013 (indicating that almost half of the corresponding authors were located in foreign countries).	4
Through an extended case-study analysis of three journals owned by one of the “big five” commercial publishers, this paper explores the risks that this growing use of special issues presents to research integrity.	1
Next, because the frequency distribution for each name differs across individual scientists (e.g., in levels and variance), we transform the measure by subtracting the individual lifetime average and dividing by the lifetime standard deviation.	3
Pearson's correlation coefficient (r) was used to determine the degree of correlation between date of publication and citation density.	3
Following this broad categorisation, knowledge transfer in this study is measured in three dimensions: publications, patents and research collaboration.	3
Does citation level moderate the effect of location on citation density?	1
Progress in Transplantation most often cited American Journal of Transplantation, Transplantation, American Journal of Kidney Diseases, and Liver Transplantation.	4
In StarBRITE, we created an automated mechanism to query PubMed nightly to identify any publications affiliated with Vanderbilt or Meharry that had been added to the database in the last six months.	3
and China (whether U.S.- or China-led) are more impactful than those led by one of the two countries and not involving the other.	5
Helmus and the other anonymous reviewer(s) for their contribution to the peer review of this work.	0
Thus, the h-index is employed here to measure the performance of Current Science.	3
Although prior research has shown that teamwork tends to produce higher quality products, our exploration of RQ1 reveals that (a) there is a robust salary premium that is paid to people for participating in teamwork; (b) teamwork requires more time working; and (c) there is not a robust difference with respect to job satisfaction as a function on being part of a team.	5
Although Beall's weblog was taken offline on January 15, 2017, data was collected between January and March 2016 when his weblog was accessible.	2
This comparison also reveals significant knowledge flow from computer science to information science.	5
Overall, the results from the interviews of students point to the central role of Pls for the culture of research labs.	5
The sample consists of 13,575 patents in Spain with 49,132 cited patents and 1,038 records in the Basque Country with 4,162 cited patents.	2
Journals with an initial INO-P above 50 per cent reveal a larger share of periodicals with declining INO values (26% for INO-P and 37% for INO-C) and a larger share with increasing straight (49%) or field-normalised (34%) journal impact factors than journals with an initial INO-P below 50% do.	4
We differentiate between 226 academic disciplines based on the WoS Categories used to classify journals.	3
Publication data are obtained from the Business Source Premier database and include titles, authors (ordered as in the database) and year of publication of all articles published between January 2000 and September 2014.	2
Keywords: bibliometric counting methods, fractional counting, whole counting, scientometric indicator, CRIS	0
The analysis of author order and participation as corresponding author has revealed the existence of different author groups that respond to similar patterns.	3
Perhaps the most striking result is that there appears to be an increasing and concave statistical relationship between a Chair's citations and the subsequent department performance.	4
In our null model cites are randomly and independently distributed among the documents of the collection.	3
(2) First author has more influence on the impact of research work than the highest accomplished author	4
As such, we finally analyzed 2419 citing articles.	2
Academic achievement by scholars, based upon quantitative publication characteristics, has recently become of interest for evaluating job candidates, for determining work performance, and for bestowing awards and honors.	5
While most journals provide information on peer review process, many do not provide guidelines for reviewers or other editorial and publication ethics standards.	4
The hypothesis that knowledge can be diffused with the aid of scentne collaboration is justified, and the knowledge diffusion model constructed in this pais raonal and reasonable.	5
From a wide variety of examples resulting from the interviews in the two cases, we selected four to illustrate the diversity of interaction patterns and impacts we found in ICT research.	2
What factors hinder and/or would hinder effective research collaboration in LIS schools in South Africa?	1
Our empirical results indicate that co-authorship networks are greatly integrated.	4
Based on these keywords and in order to improve clarity, in the following we will conveniently refer to the 5 co-clusters {C1, C2, C3, C4, C5 } as the computer science community (C?), the electronics community (C2), the telecom community (C3), the controls community (C4) and the biomedics community (C5).	4
Survey questions were designed to evaluate overall perceptions of the review process; changes in the review process in the last 5 years; opinions about appropriate acceptance rates; assessment of reviewers and editors; and general assessments of reviewers and the review process, faculty evaluation, and journals.	3
Three repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVAs) were conducted to determine if the mean ratings for codes 17, 1701, 1702, and 1799 significantly differed across the four data collections.	3
The objective of the current work is to identify the territorial scientific specializations present in Italy, at the levels of regions and provinces (NUTS2 and NUTS3).	1
In this case study, two different approaches were applied to the University of Vienna.	1
Salary information from 310 faculty members (71.6% of all physicians) was collected from the publicly available UC system database.	2
Received December 21, 2008; revised March 6, 2009; accepted March 6, 2009	0
Ensure that the search strategy used will capture postpublication amendments, including retractions and expressions of concern, for example using methods described in the Cochrane Handbook and MECIR Manual.	3
Section 3 shows the performance bibliometric analysis including the main authors, countries, publication, organizations, and funding agencies.	0
After cleaning the publication data for entries with missing information, and limiting the analysis to 2006-2015, we are left with 59,486 documents that were associated to at least one specific disease (28) and one African region (Eastern Africa, Northern Africa, Southern Africa or West & Central Africa).	2
The sample has been derived from the European Micro Data dataset (EUMIDA), a database covering most of the higher education field in European Union countries, Norway and Switzerland.	2
The remaining of this paper is organized as followed: in “Related works" section, the state-of-the-art works are reviewed.	0
Our elite academic life scientist sample includes 12,935 individuals, which corresponds to roughly 5 percent of the entire relevant labor market in the United States.	2
The results show that the trend of publications increased from 2015, but with little influence and output.	4
Most were from India (85.1%) and Pakistan (9.6%) and the contribution to the global diabetes research output was 2.1%.	4
Thus, the number of references is not only field and time dependent, but also document type-specific.	5
'Goldman Medical School, Faculty of Health Sciences, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Be'er Sheva, Israel	0
ISF has been available in Web of Science since 2001.	2
The most common reason was data issues, of which 64.7% were honest errors.	5
This paper identifies the extent to which interdisciplinary cooperation-induced heterogeneity affects team innovation performance in Chinese universities.	1
The results revealed a 95% accuracy when comparing SW MAATrica values with ME MAATrica results, considering a minimum threshold of ± 5%; meaning that MAATrica values with a difference of ± 5% were considered equal.	4
Far and away the best performer is the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic with 41,530 publications and a 40% share in the Czech Republic's publications, followed distantly by Charles University in Prague with 26,301 (25%) publications, and Masaryk University in Brno with 7,252 (6.9%) publications.	4
Short sections of text, not to exceed two paragraphs, may be quoted without explicit permission provided that full credit, including ?	0
In order to mark the real research contribution, the Real Publications (RP) (Chan et al., 2011) and the Real Publication Percentage (RPP) is proposed to demonstrate the real contribution of the authors from Mainland China.	3
In this paper, we seek to test whether heterogeneity in gender composition across sub-disciplines and time can fully explain the observed gender homophily across the scholarly landscape.	5
What we can see in our movement between three scales is that a single evaluative regime is involved in multiple asset-based forms of epistemic capitalism.	5
WoS and Scopus during 2018 indexed a total of 6,071,821 documents.	2
Google Geocoding API and the R library 'ggmap' were used for geocoding and the time zones were added using the R library 'geonames'.	3
Our finding of substantial numbers of incorrect DOIs in Scopus indicates that more efforts should be made by database providers to improve the data quality, as was also suggested by Franceschini, Maisano, and Mastrogiacomo (2016b).	5
The Social Sciences also play an important role in research on COVID-19, by including fields such as Psychology, Biomedical Social Sciences, and Education.	5
We then selected the top-100 articles, and exported them to EndNote reference management software.	3
This conclusion was supported by numbers released by the Wellcome Trust on their expenditure on open access publication fees in 2012/2013.	2
These results suggest there may be unwarranted reproduction of stratification in academic careers that discounts diversity's role in innovation and partly explains the underrepresentation of some groups in academia.	5
This study investigates whether negative citations in articles and comments posted on post-publication peer review platforms are both equally contributing to the correction of science.	1
Equation 5, which presents the final and most reasonable model, is the basis for discussion in the rest of this paper.	0
Of course, data bases have also other criteria to include a journal, among which we mention: regular journal issues, the editing quality, the uniform system of publishing papers, the uniform structure of the article etc.	0
The authors utilized a type of affordance analysis that emphasizes the action-supporting aspects of the studied instrument, or what the actor is “better able to do” as a result of having received funding (Chemero 2003).	3
Only those institutions (universities or research-focused) that have published at least 500 articles, reviews and conference papers in each category within the publication period are covered.	2
Table 1 presents a summary of prior studies looking at the determinants of scientific output and impact and their key findings.	0
These publications are matched to employees in UMETRICS using, first, the grant acknowledgements in National Institutes of Health's (NIH's) ExPORTER from 1985 through 04 February 2020 and, second, a novel, network-enhanced, fuzzy name–matching approach detailed in Material and Methods.	3
The study focuses on the five leading Eurozone countries in terms of Gross Domestic Product (GDP): Germany, France, Spain, the Netherlands, and Italy, due to their economic significance in the region.	1
Journal Citation Reports (JCR) 2012 has assigned 2-year IF to 1,073 OA and 7,290 subscription journals and 5-year IF to 811 OA and 6,705 subscription journals.	2
See also SSCI, 1984 Annual, Guide and List of Source Publications (1980), 27.	0
First, we found that as inter-organizational diversity increases, the negative relationship between team size and disruption of papers is mitigated.	5
In this article, the purpose of this paper is to investigate how algorithmic mediation through recommender systems in ResearchGate may uphold biases in scholarly communication.	1
Conclusion 1 The h?-index can identify articles with lasting influences.	4
In the first analysis, Community 5 represents the incremental evolution of an idea.	4
It turned out that no citation could be attributed to more than three categories.	0
The Brokerage style is one in which the ego is the only link connecting authors who work in different fields or disciplines.	4
Participants argued that incentive schemes had challenged or reinforced certain internal and external conflicts in the research culture, particularly perceived between internationalization and indigenization, quality and quantification, integrity and instrumentalism, equity and inequity.	4
The main focus of this study is to make a general bibliometric overview of the TFS publications by analyzing the leading authors, articles, countries and institutions.	1
The joint plots for each group, shown in subplots C-E of Figure 2, also suggest that there is a positive correlation between average sentence length and clause ratio: on average, the longer the sentences are, the more clauses there are in the manuscripts.	4
Such a situation is a priori atypical, and the more common case is where the number of papers, Mp, does not equal Ma.	0
The most obvious message of these data is that life satisfaction diminishes with age.	4
This bibliometric analysis will help identify relevant and potentially useful publications of cardiac biomarker measurements for cardiovascular risk assessment in the pediatric population.	1
The literature on stem-cell research was selected as a testbed to demonstrate the approach proposed in this article.	2
We then investigate using regression methods, the determinants of productivity and overall scientific impact of a researcher, as well as their average impact.	3
Supplementary material related to this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/ j.joi.2019.01.012.	0
The effects of the first-generation dissemination from academia to social media have the most important influence on increasing scientific papers’ retweet scale.	5
Second, the perceived prevalence of different types of research fraud was assessed.	1
The author is greatly indebted to Jeppe Nicolaisen and Birger Hj?rland.	0
The main conclusions are: 1, citation indicators play a central and multi-purpose role in scholarly communications; 2, altmetrics are not so popular or widely used, but ECRs are waking up to some of their merits, most notably, discovering the extent to which their papers obtain traction and monitoring impact; 3, there is a strong likelihood that ECRs are going to have to grapple with both citation-based metrics and altmetrics, mainly in order to demonstrate research impact; 4, the Chinese are the most metric using nation, largely because of governmental regulations.	4
The result also suggests that only the first few citing papers contribute to the positive correlation with theoretical originality and that including more citing papers does not improve the correlation.	4
In urban studies, publications, expert statements and public presentations were essential.	4
The WoS database is chosen because it is promoted for publication in many Muslim-majority science systems (e.g.	2
By attending to the attribution and creation of value according to logics of different fields of power, this article provides a new theoretical framework for understanding research impact and its assessment.	5
InCites is an analytic tool offered by the Web of Science (WoS) for analysing bibliometric data on organisations, locations, research areas, publications sources and funding agencies.	2
According to the experts' answers, the CWTS classification approach (A2) achieved the top level of average precision with 0.62, followed by journal approach (A3) (0.56).	4
Open access data is currently lacking, and national book visibility in WorldCat depends heavily on contributions from national libraries and metadata suppliers.	4
2011), is a visual technique of informatics that quantitatively displays structural and dynamic aspect of scientific research (B?rner et al.	3
The focus of our research is on finding indicators in bibliographic data that would enable us to conclude at early stage if a discovery is to be considered a potential breakthrough discovery at the interface of science and technology.	1
The results show that the betweenness centrality, student-mentor coauthorship count and the partnership ability index significantly affect the h-index.	4
Therefore, this study employs a questionnaire survey method to investigate the levels of research integrity among doctors and nurses in hospitals, university faculty in the medical field, and undergraduate students.	1
To ease interpretation and compare the relative influence of each variable, all continuous variables are standardized so they have a normal distribution with a mean of 0 and a standard deviation of 1, [(Xin1-X1)/01], where the slope coefficient is (β)1.	3
We address these hypotheses with a transversal and a longitudinal studies in the following sections.	0
The results suggest that Google Scholar Citations is the source that provides more comprehensive citation-related data, whereas Twitter stands out in connectivity-related metrics.	4
The study used data from Journal Citation Reports 2010, published by the Institute for Scientific Information since 1975 and considered the most comprehensive citation index of scientific literature, with coverage of 8288 journals in 2011.	2
I conclude that one should be very careful when using indicators like the h-index for the prediction of future scientific performance.	5
Phase 4 Anonymous survey to establish consensus and gather additional feedback on revised recommendations	0
The purpose of this study was to identify the 100 top-cited articles published in regenerative endodontics and to analyze their main characteristics.	1
We retained 403 responses of the 447 attempted responses to the IQAT; the effective rate was 90.16%.	2
On the contrary, the CiteScore difference of journals according to whether or not they are OA journals shows a slight statistically significant advantage in favour of journals that do not use the gold OA modality.	4
The quality of the published articles has not increased in the same way, as evidenced by the disproportionate rise in narrative reviews.	5
The indicator focuses on the characterization of national funding instruments by their mode of allocation (formula, competitive bid, negotiation, and historical) and allocation criteria (input, educational, or output-outcome measures).	5
To test the model’s validity, we rescaled all papers published between 1950 and 1980 in the PR corpus, finding that they all collapse into Eq.	4
The included studies of any given systematic review may then be examined to determine which of the preceding studies were cited in the more recent studies.	3
The following search terms were used: 'systematic', 'systematic review*', 'meta-analys*' and 'meta analys*' in the title section.	2
Searching was conducted from February 28 to March 19, 2019.	3
Received: 18 July 2023 / Accepted: 19 February 2024 / Published online: 4 April 2024	0
In general, productivity rises, while impact remains moderate with variations across scientific fields.	4
How ASNSs might facilitate or form collaboration amongst researchers within the structural, cultural and conventional domain is an important question to be answered.	5
Based on the information shown in Tables 1 and 2, I deduce that 13 of the 20 authors did not contribute sufficiently to be included as authors, and another two to five authors had plausible, but questionable justifications.	4
Our results confirm the presence of a gender gap in self-citations, but we show that this effect is smaller than the cultural effect and that the effect appears to be stable across cultures.	4
The Web of Science Core Collection[11] (WoS) has indexed over 6 million articles from 2010 to 2014 and assigned them to 251 scientific categories.	2
Following the recent decision of the world's largest science funding agency (NIH, funding research with >$26 billion in 2013), we can reasonably anticipate that other scientific funding agencies worldwide will approve citation of preprints in grant applications, including those supporting research in chemistry.	5
The peaks which occurred due to an ‘anniversary effect' can be instantly distinguished: in 1996 (10 years after the accident) for Scopus data, in 2006 and in 2011 (20th and 25th anniversaries, correspondingly) for both datasets.	4
Similarly, country-based IF scores for Spain vary most when comparing normalized impact and percentage in the first 10% of publications, with and without ESCI data, which demonstrates the extent to which the impact of Spanish research depends on ESCI-indexed journals.	5
Academics need universities' support to balance contradictory forces, including policymakers' needs for immediacy, with their own bodies of research, and academic integrity.	5
The aim of this study is to analyze how chemical databases are referenced in the scientific literature to fuel debate and spark informed discussion on the issue of citing resources for improving scholarly communication.	1
In this study, the main aim is at investigating the actual up today extent of scientific collaboration among colleagues belonging to the Italian Scientific Disciplinary Sector (SDS) "AGR10 Rural buildings and agro-forest land planning".	1
In this study, documents published in Ambio from 1980 to 2019 were analyzed.	1
We apply Pontryagin's Maximum Principle (see, e.g., Grass et al.	3
Foreseeing the significance of productivity assessment of R&D labs, this study was proposed with the objective to: (a) Classify the publications (document types) (b) Identify the year-wise publication productivity (c) Identify the number of publications in Scopus and Web of Science (d) Domain wise publication productivity.	1
Last, following Antonakis et al.'s (2014) strategy, we also identified the 50 most-cited articles from our dataset and compared their characteristics with the whole sample to determine whether certain features were more prominent in the highest quartile.	3
With little control, undetected honorary authorship gives the appearance of possessing intellectual capital (scientific merit).	4
The data source of the study was Bibmet, the bibliometric version of WoS at KTH Royal Institute of Technology (Sweden).	2
We discovered a significant Kendall rank correlation between the citation metrics and usage metrics at the article level.	4
The altmetric database was searched to identify report for each identified article.	2
The regression model showed that multi-institutional studies were associated with MDs as first authors (OR = 6.5; 95% CI, 3.59- 11.77).	4
Here we investigate whether successful funding correlates with research productivity or impact using grant outcome data of the Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF) Division II projects in Earth and Environmental sciences.	1
An exploratory factor analysis (EFA) was conducted in order to observe if the nine indicators used in URAP-TR could be reduced to a smaller number of composite indicators.	3
Factors linked to the duration and diversity of research careers are positively associated with participation in collaborations.	4
As the h-index combines the effect of the sample size and the mean value, X-centage reflects both the location (e.g.	5
The computation was made using the fastLink R package (version 0.6.0).	3
These findings provide evidence that CSS research enjoys high social validation.	5
We divided total citations into self- and other-citation.	2
Access provided at 26 Oct 2019 05:45 GMT with no institutional affiliation	0
It is interesting to notice that 20 positions for chairs (22%) are either recent (<1 y) or unfilled (n = 6).	0
Besides degree centrality, we also computed betweenness and PageRank centrality for the authors' network.	3
Our central analysis explores whether a preprint's authors' country of origin influences the rate of attention to the preprint.	1
Bold indicates that the ranking has changed comparing to the second column.	0
As shown in Figure 5A, these keywords were classified into three clusters: cluster 1 (epidemiology studies, green circle, 22 items), cluster 2 (molecular biology studies, blue circle, 19 items) and cluster 3 (clinical treatment studies, red circle, 25 items).	4
3) and, accordingly, the number of publications in 2015, which is 266.	4
We used citations to compute connection strengths between subdisciplines, representing how often subdisciplines cited one another.	3
Our findings showed an increase in the opportunistic use of self-citations in the 2013 session, which was double the rate compared to 2012 and 2016.	5
The lognormal species distribution requires three parameters S0, μ, and σ for its specification:	3
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
According to a bibliometric analysis, the major research poles include materials, biotechnology, catalysis, environment, and thermodynamics.	3
Bibliometric analyses are aiming to have a macroscopic view of research activities about sTBI and are helpful in determining the most impactful studies within this field.	1
Statistical comparisons were made using the nonparametric Kruskal-Wallis test followed by the post hoc pairwise Mann-Whitney U test with Bonferroni correction for continuous and ordinal outcomes.	3
In this section, we compare the scientific production of male and female ABC titular members using two variables: the average number of articles and the average number of students supervised per year.	3
2) so the impact of different national contributions to collaborative articles has a minor impact on the overall results.	4
Publications in scientific journals created in the scope of research projects were acquired from Web of Science database using Web of Science Web Services Lite.	2
Among surgeons involved in publication, the individual publication volume and impact of publication were highest among those with PhD degrees, as compared with clinical-only or Masters training.	4
We conclude that social media platforms are a relevant channel of academic communication, alongside existing channels of formal and informal exchange.	5
Department of Economics and Statistics, University of Salerno, Via Ponte don Melillo 1, 84084 Fisciano, SA, Italy	0
Table 3 compares means for men and women who held positions as assistant professors in graduate departments.	0
The FA presence rate of the English-language publications indexed by SCI-E is 49%.	4
Due to the highly skewed distributions of all indicators, Spearman correlation was applied in this study instead of Pearson correlation.	3
In the end, a total of 400 'articles' were evaluated to see if they were actually mislabelled reviews.	2
In short, considering the same level of papers published, views, and country GII, female scholars are significantly less cited than males in communication research.	5
To make the analysis manageable, the patents of the top 30 most productive countries in Scopus were processed.	2
This procedure allows us to download all the articles published by the 195 development journals between 2007 and 2016.	2
This study investigated the patterns of scholars' scientific creativity, represented by the evolution of the disruption index (D index) of the scholars' papers throughout their careers.	1
How is gender balance among authors changing over time?	1
The UK had the highest number of publications per million population (PMP; 18.14 publications PMP).	4
This article explores the interdisciplinary approach research and applications of different areas of knowledge.	1
Full professors had a median mean RCR of 1.34 (IQR 0.83-2.01) and a median weighted RCR of 68.56 (IQR 19.28–160.59).	4
The overall aim of this study was to explore the Journal CHB's bibliometric characteristics, namely, to conduct a descriptive bibliometric analyze and report publication and citation trends from 1991 to 2015.	1
The lead author would like to thank the co-authors for help in methodology (both theoretically and practically), for help in writing of this paper and for the use of Webometric Analyst with added bespoke routines to help analyse all data used.	0
Number of debut authors per venue type for all years (main) and the 1959–1986 period (inset).	0
Generally, the paper identifies clusters of authors that are larger and less cohesive than those found in previous works.	4
This study essentially examines the IJLM with the following research questions (RQs):	1
The reputation score is calculated as the geometric mean between the relevance and the novelty.	3
The yearly distribution can help to understand the development trend of the research.	3
In this example, cognitive processing highlights the concept of “long” as being more important than “detailed,” not because it appears more frequently, but because it is associated with other words that are more prominent.	0
The period of 10 years (2008–2017) was taken into account.	2
The two models tested here are essentially equivalent (Table 1).	4
We downloaded the complete available set of these documents using a custom-written scraping script.	2
Coding was conducted manually by the first author.	3
Databases of funding organisations across 19 countries and at EU level were systematically searched for publicly funded antibacterial resistance research from Jan 1, 2007, to Dec 31, 2013.	2
To this latter end, a series of nested models are estimated and compared.	0
These articles were published in 45 high-impact journals, and mostly in TRANSACTIONS ON BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING (n = 14).	4
We used the Science of Science (Sci2) Tool (9) to create a bibliographic coupling network from the publication records.	3
Likewise, histograms were created (continuous quantitative variables) and sequence graphs (temporal series).	0
Table 6a shows the sixteen universities with at least five fine-grained areas in the top 10% across all five performance indicators.	4
We performed descriptive statistics to present frequencies of different paper characteristics and the average number of citations associated with these different characteristics including all 300 articles.	3
Table VII demonstrates that Ferdowsi University of Mashhad was top ranked based on points.	4
The Journal of Immunology had the highest H-index.	4
I also find that NIH articles are more likely to be published in traditional subscription-based journals (as opposed to “open access" journals) after the PAP.	4
However, Canadian graduate works are not included, nor are any that are embargoed or restricted at an author’s request.”16	0
We examined the 2158 articles published in OTSR and indexed between February 2009 and December 2018 (https://www.journals.elsevier.com/orthopaedics-and-traumatology-surgery-and-research).	2
The impact of a scientist i is then defined as the cardinality of this set, i.e., i = |i| ∈ N0.	3
We focused on two issues: the Matthew effect in science—Merton's claim that eminent scientists have an inherent advantage in the competition for funds—and quality of writing or clarity.	1
Our main findings were that while public health research output has increased substantially over the course of the first decade of the new millennium, there is considerable maldistribution of research in terms of the disease focus and the geographical focus.	5
VOSviewer is a visual bibliometric network-building software developed by the Center for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS) of Leiden University in The Netherlands (https://www.vosviewer.com/ accessed on 3 July 2020).	3
Continuous variables were reported using the mean, median, and range.	3
Bibliometric analysis was performed to study the development of publications related to Industry 4.0 and its key technologies in Vietnam.	1
The number of scientific publications with Chinese addresses has kept a 17 % annual growth rate between 2000 and 2013, increasing from 41,214 to 304,899.	4
We identified 3794 publications on maternal mortality in Web of Science.	4
Specifically, this paper aims to identify highly cited articles and summarize global research hotspots and trends based on analysis of title-words, KeyWords Plus and author keywords, which may serve as a potential guide for future related research.	1
The publication list and citation data for 20 present members of the Uncertainty Decision-Making Laboratory in Sichuan University and Uncertainty Theory Laboratory in Tsinghua University were collected in March 2012 from the Thomson Reuters ISI WoS database.	2
The theoretical analyses also show that indicators used for evaluating research projects in other disciplines (such as international relevance, impact factors, frequency of citation, rated journals, external funding) cannot be applied indiscriminately to academic legal research (for a detailed overview, see Lienhard et al.	5
We define these indicators in Table 1 and describe the calculation in the following.	0
It is important to note that there is a fundamental difference in how ORCID is appraised between academic staff and librarians.	5
According to the topic terms with high TI values and high Bet values, it can be concluded that the important areas of future interdisciplinary for LIS mainly include information technology, information system, information retrieval, user acceptance, social network, knowledge sharing, and social media.	5
Results also predict that the developed countries are on top in terms of contribution to TASM.	4
The terms that have the highest number of occurrences are Mexico (cluster 3) (9489), Effect (cluster 1) (6254), Patient (cluster 2) (2881), Characterization (2506); Property (2080).	4
h-indices of MD's and PhD's did not differ significantly.	4
Therefore, the interdependency is an essential concept in order to deduce the contribution of an individual scientist among a large collaboration.	5
To test the hypotheses described earlier, we performed a quantitative study based on a sample of scholars in the field of management.	2
We estimated the demand for submissions for the market for core economics journals using unique panel data on submissions for 2008 and 2013.	1
These researchers produced 11,960 publications during that period, and those publications received 20,702 independent citations (see more thorough explanations on independent citations in Sections 2.4 and 3.3).	2
Major stakeholders and end-users of the academic rankings need the academic rankings, based on objective indicators and publicly-verifiable data sources, with broader coverage of the academic institutions.	1
All of the interviews were transcribed and the data was analysed to determine common patterns of issues highlighted by the participants.	3
The results show evidence of gender homophilic collaboration behaviors.	4
Over this time period (2004–2013), the journal received 6795 total submissions, of which 6257 were standard papers included in our analyses (Fig.	2
Perhaps the most striking finding in relation to definitions, is that most interviewees not only refer to novelty but also to the significance, or importance, of the new issue which has to be "big enough to warrant its investigation", as well as its relevance implicitly or explicitly to a larger community of academics and practitioners.	4
Some limitations to the study are acknowledged, while issues for future research are outlined.	0
This trend also somewhere reflects the dominance of some select countries in the global research output, as 95.03% of the total self-citations at the global level have come from the research articles published in North America, Europe and Asia, while as the self-citations share percentage of the research articles published from the Africa, Oceania and the South America during the period of the study remained just 4.97%.	5
Analysis of the top 100 cited articles in pediatrics provides a diverse yet compelling read.	5
A comparative study between the h-indices of authors citing Nobel Prize-winning papers of sparking type and those of authors citing ordinary ones is conducted, focusing on the first author and the corresponding author of each paper.	3
The analysis reveals articles subjected to OPR have no obvious advantage in citations but a notable higher score in altmetrics.	4
Based on the degree centrality Iran (142), USA (38) and Australia (37) have the highest co-authorship with other countries.	4
The findings might indicate that quantitative studies in art criticism are required.	5
Conclusion: H-index is a powerful research predictor of matching into neurosurgical research institutions and can be improved by starting research early, targeting high impact journals, and participating in original clinical and laboratory investigations.	5
Quantitative data were collected by means of a survey that was administered to pre-service teachers enrolled for an undergraduate teacher education degree at a South African public university.	2
Descriptive analysis and frequencies were used to describe absolute outputs over time, examine outputs in different categories of GBD over time, geographical distribution of research/research institutions, collaborations, and funders.	3
Actual versus predicted the quality of research environment scores for UoA12 Aeronautical, Mechanical, Chemical, and Manufacturing Engineering.	0
The final set includes 143 researchers who published at least ten papers between 2005 and 2010.	2
The results of our research suggest that the number of citations necessary to alter the rank order of journals within JCR groups is small for many journals, and that for most of them, more than 5 additional citations would be needed for the journal's rank order to change.	5
Section ‘The “formal subsumption of labour under capital"" reconstructs the main features of the capitalist mode of production that are captured by the Marxist notion of 'formal subsumption of labour under capital'.	3
We thus scored whether titles had a specific organism indicated in the title by genus or species name (e.g., Callosobruchus or Callosobruchus maculatus) versus more general titles that did not reference a particular genus or species by their taxonomic name; the latter category includes papers with no organismal reference and those that reference organisms by higher taxonomic groupings (e.g., families, orders) or use common names.	3
The greatest number of retrieved publications were published in the journal, “Arteriosclerosis, Thrombosis, and Vascular Biology” (62, 3.66%).	4
These characteristics include average clustering coefficient, average degree, maximum closeness centrality, and maximum eigenvector centrality in the direct citing networks of a breakthrough publication.	3
1189 LIS faculty members were identified among the two countries.	2
Editorials, abstracts, letters to the editor, and book reviews were excluded.	2
To fill these gaps, this study investigates patterns of the dynamic disciplinary knowledge production and diffusion through a citation data set that comprehensively indexes journals and proceedings in the life sciences, social sciences, physical sciences, and health sciences.	1
CONTACT Maitrayee Mukerji maitrayee_mukerji@yahoo.com maitrayee.mukerji@iimkashipur.ac.in Indian Institute of Management Kashipur, Faculty Quarters FD 2/1, Kundeshwari, Uddham Singh Nagar, Kashipur, Uttarakhand, India	0
Network visualization techniques using is employed to highlight the structure of scientific production of Morocco in the field of "Water resources" [31].	3
A total of 992 research active staff from three colleges of Great Western University were invited to be involved in the study; 127 surveys were returned for analysis.	2
Publication authorship does away with this limitation by accounting for both the social dimension of authorship and the intellectual dimension of scientific work.	5
The cited articles were assessed for various characteristics, including reason for retraction, based on the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) guidelines and trends over time.	3
The views expressed are those of the authors and do not reflect the official position of the Office of Research Integrity, Department of Health and Human Services, or RTI International.	0
Conscientiousness predicted breadth negatively, a finding opposite to most research into conscientiousness and job performance-- suggesting a possible performance liability of this often-functional trait.	4
The query returned 6907 articles which were downloaded from the PubMed database published in the period 1970 to 2011 in 65 different countries (7 of which only on journals without IF).	2
Over the period 12 July 2015 to 2 October 2015, Twitter usage was captured from the 123 initially identified conferences, and data was analysed from the 116 conferences discussed in “Conferences included in the study" section.	2
Longitudinal Development of the Share of OA Journal Articles in the SCOPUS Index	0
number of relatively poorly cited journals (in Scopus) upon the outcomes of performance analyses at the level of countries.	0
What are the characteristics of the journals that publish highly cited articles?	1
The degree data were classified into nine disciplinary categories developed by Wiggins and Sawyer (2012): Computing, Information, Library, Social and Behavioral Studies, Management and Policy, Science and Engineering, Education, Humanities, Communication.	3
This study investigated the determinants of submissions, including the elasticity to article processing charge, by formulating the number of manuscript submissions to fully open access journals published by Hindawi and Elsevier in 2022.	1
A Kruskal–Wallis test indicated a significant (χ2 = 59.1, p < 0.0001) effect of rank on number of citations indexed by GS.	4
For each DOI-based URL, the TF value, the number of external links received and the number of linking domain names were collected.	2
There, the reviewer's belief of the expected utility of recommending acceptance is represented with a Brownian motion.	3
Once the delegitimization of science is understood as a cause and consequence of post-truth, the importance of developing inter and transdisciplinary research capable of mobilizing joint actions to achieve concrete results in combating the effects of post-truth is highlighted.	5
Idea density was calculated by means of the software CPIDR 3.2 (http://ai1.ai.uga.edu/caspr/; [59]).	3
The publications being studied here were retrieved from the WoS Core Collection database over the period 2011–2014.	2
(Sinha et al., 2015) and is known as Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) dataset which contains information about different academic articles, fields of study and the association between academic articles.	2
First, we construct a three-dimensional (3D) engagement heat map for each video to measure the importance of each pixel to overall video-level engagement.	3
The opinions expressed in the texts were mined using the SentiStrength.	3
Nevertheless, in the case of biology, even though biologists judged the press release materials, their ratings of willingness to grant funding to the research project were biased by the origin country of the study (F(2,135)=5.19; p<0.01).	4
In Europe, each of the 273 program directors averaged 2.17 publications per year while each of the 114 US program directors averaged 2.80 publications per year (P=.37).	4
A final list of 1017 faculty member emails was compiled and loaded into Qualtrics.	2
The search strategy was formulated in such a way as to enable retrieval of documents containing the English phrase ``Learning to Rank'', in quotation marks, in the fields of title, summary, keywords, thereby ensuring the relevance of the recovered records.	2
Our findings demonstrate a change in scholarly productivity of artists-academics towards publication practices characteristic for science-oriented disciplines.	4
Main paths in a co-author network of IR authors starting with G?vert	0
To begin, we collect REF2021 data for the disciplinary field of business and management.	2
The application of the method provides a strengths and weaknesses analysis in fields of comparable intensity of publication of the 200 fields investigated, and should certainly prove interesting to the policy maker.	5
Descriptive statistical analysis included simple distribution of frequencies, calculation of proportions, and median and respective interquartile ranges (IQRs).	3
In this study, our calculated Silhouette coefficient for the Spectral clustering is -0.26, where it is -0.04 for Agglomerative clustering.	4
A weak correlation (0.212) was found between citation counts and reader rating counts for the full data set (n = 8,538).	4
In conclusion, interdisciplinary researchers must cultivate intellectual virtues, which are necessary for all epistemic work (as it was mentioned by all the interviewees).	5
To establish a noise threshold, ten years of U.S.	2
Beyond the segregation between the top and bottom ranked journals, our assessment of “quality” relies in most cases on a rather arguable assumption that a couple of citations more or less is making a big difference.	5
This paper focuses on constructing an evaluation index system using a multi-attribute evaluation method.	1
With minor exceptions, the prevalence of qualitative data has increased, often substantially, since 1996.	4
Redrawing of the map of science from Griffith et al.1 Node sizes are scaled to the cubed root of the number of papers.	0
The average number of lost citations per article was 1.6: 640 missing citations / 398 articles checked.	4
The analyzed period (2010–2022) was chosen, which corresponds to four Coordination of Improvement of Higher Education Personnel (CAPES) global evaluations for Brazilian graduate programs, wherein the last one (2021–2024) is in progress.	2
Then, the TFS authorship and co-authorship are well investigated, the maps of author co-citation network and representative sub-network of the TFS co-authorship are presented.	3
We use the field normalized JIF quartile instead of JIF to make the comparison of JIFs from different disciplines possible.	3
Compared with other countries, China exhibited a rapid growth, particularly from 2000–2011, with its total number of papers ranking second only to the United States (US).	4
We only considered “article,” “letter,” and “note” documents indexed there and limited our attention to 26,792,332 papers published between 1945 and 2007 to ensure a 10-y citation window.	2
According to the co-words network, the 50 most commonly used keywords were selected to explore research hotspots.	3
Overall library circulation (books and serials) at Duke increased by approximately 10% from 1999 to 2000 but was essentially the same in 1999 and 2001 at 5 million transactions (Association of Research Libraries, 2002).	0
The most cited publication was an article authored in 2005 by D Gichoya, entitled ‘Factors affecting the successful implementation of ICT projects in government' and published in the Electronic Journal of E-government, which was cited 295 times in other works.	4
Commercial publishers had a significantly higher SJR than either professional society or university publishers.	5
those authors who had presented more than five papers.	3
While DPA value is found to be maximum in CRITIC method, Q1PA value has maximum weight in MEREC method and TPA value has maximum weight in Entropy method.	4
The purpose of this study is to conduct a systematic comparison of national and global university ranking systems in terms of their indicators, coverage and ranking results.	1
The process of a publication receiving citations can be divided into two stages: (i) a beginning stage, in which the number of citations increases from zero to one; and (ii) an accumulative stage, in which the number of citations accumulates after reaching one.	3
The results of this study demonstrate that RPYS reveals the publications, which are most important for the evolution of the climate change research field.	5
In order to induce an elasticity setting, all continuous variables enter in logarithmic form.	3
Journal characteristics (e.g., website integrity, look and feel, editors and staff, editorial/peer review process, instructions to authors, publication model, copyright and licensing, journal location, and contact) were collected by one assessor and verified by a second.	3
All papers co-cited with the marker paper are analyzed using reference publication year spectroscopy (RPYS).	3
The identified landmark papers for almost all WoS-SCs can be inspected online at http://crexplorer.net (see Figure 1).	4
We examined the role of peer review in the quality assurance system developed for the regulation of higher education institutions in Russia.	1
In our surveys of journal editors, authors, and translators we found a favourable view of the process and effects of bilingual publishing in medicine.	5
These criteria yielded a total of 2,002 documents, each of which features information on the corresponding journal, number of pages, identity of authors and their affiliations.	2
Also, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis was performed to validate the results from NBREG and to provide additional findings (Fig.	3
Our data sources comprise three major datasets on S&T made available within the RISIS H2020 infrastructure project: the Web of Science version at CWTS, University of Leiden (about 30 m publications), the PATSTAT version at IFRIS in Paris (2.37 m patents), and the EUPRO database of European Framework Programme projects (67,475 projects), all from the period 2000–2017.	2
We would like to thank Tom Des Forges and Ros Dignon from F1000 for providing us with the F1000Prime dataset.	0
Our survey shows that funding rates for evolutionary biology research vary dramatically within and across countries, ranging from 5 to 75% (table 3; see also OECD, 2018).	4
All publications of the document type ‘article’ that were published between 1980 and 2017 were exported separately for each WoS subject category (WoS-SC) with cited references.	2
The keywords included “whiplash,” “whiplash injury," whiplash injuries," "whiplash-associated disorder," and "whiplash-associated disorders."	2
To do this, we propose a multi-anchor bipartite network that uses cited author information and section headings as a multi-anchor that is related to bio-entity nodes, namely the [author/section]-entity bipartite network.	3
Tina Neville is a retired research and instruction librarian at the University of South Florida St.	0
From the perspective of academic researchers, the major factors that influence their selection of publication venues are the quality of the research output, the reputation of the journals regardless of categories, and the high status or prestige of journals with established citation practices and rigorous peer review process.	5
(2) Which themes and keywords are most prominently featured in the literature?	1
This sought the identification of core journals and from its field affiliation, according to WoS, the identification of what prevails as field of investigation.	0
The observed bias of cited references fits well with the journal’s scope of publishing papers related to information theory and methodology, philosophy/ethics of information, information systems, information processes, information applications, and information/communication technology.	5
A biclustering approach to university performances: an Italian case study.	1
The preceding bibliometric analysis finds that international collaboration plays an increasingly prominent role in Canadian nano research.	0
This research suggests that in each of the identified domains, quantitative and measurable measures should be designed and provided to higher education executives, and then used as a basis for university evaluations.	5
Using Scopus, the average h-index for early- or mid-career social work academics up to 10 years post-PhD was 3.2; the average h-index for senior researchers was 8.1; and the average h-index for research-focused academics was 15.8.	4
Competing Interests: The authors have declarated that no competing interests exist.	0
It uses the OAPEN Library and the Directory of Open Access Books (DOAB) to actively disseminate and promote its peer-reviewed OA monographs.	1
We regress each achievement on points scored at the IMO, controlling for cohort and country of origin: (1) Yit = βIMOscoreit + δXit + εit,	3
Submitted: 08 April, 2023 Accepted: 19 May, 2023 Published: 08 January, 2024	0
The results in Table 3 seem to contradict the hypothesis that women have more propensity to interdisciplinary research collaboration, because the category man exclusive (M.Exc) is the one which has the higher average number of subjects.	4
Given depth of understanding underpins qualitative research, it follows logically that dissemination of findings should reflect this depth (Kemparaj & Chavan, 2013).	4
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the research status and outputs of information behavior in China in order to reveal in depth the research pattern and trends of information behavior in China.	1
Additional evidence from event studies supports the idea that excellence policy essentially helped treated universities maintaining their scientific competitive edge.	5
The authors would like to thank the John Campbell Trust for helping to cover the expenses involved in undertaking this research.	0
Performances for the test data were slightly worse than those for the supervised data (i.e., “learning data”) in terms of both recall and precision.	4
To narrow the scope of this analysis, only projects that received more than 200 K Euro funding were analysed, for a total of 590 projects and a volume of 2,8 billion Euro, covering around 90% of total EU funding allocated on these three areas of research.	2
Research papers published by Chinese researchers in 41 journals (Table 2 in “Appendix”), belonging to OR/MS between 2005 and 2017, were used.	2
The data confirm an observation made by Zapp and Powell (2016) that educational research in Germany has undergone unprecedented changes over the past two decades.	5
Besides, nearly 63%, more than half of all the articles in this period were published after 2014 with a steady growth of publications since 2014, reflecting a greater popularity gained in the topic over recent years.	4
The online version of this article can be found at: http://csi.sagepub.com/content/62/5/666	0
3) because the correction factors are very small and all are less than half of one percent.	4
(Scientometrics 99(3):811–821 2014) offer strong support for the usefulness of the hIa in qualitatively and quantitatively different academic environments.	4
Our overview suggests that consortia-based funding schemes are relatively rare in evolutionary biology.	4
To investigate the phenomenon of knowledge aging in educational technology research, we employed the concept of half-life theory proposed by Burton and Kebler (1960).	3
Second, we found that disciplinary field has a significant impact on academics' motivations and practices.	5
The impact factors of the journals were retrieved from the SCImago Journal and Country Rank portal, that includes the journals and country scientific indicators developed from the information contained in the Scopus?	2
It included all 268 schools, including those given a Tier-2 ranking.	2
We randomly split the reviewers and papers into two conditions-one with anonymous discussions and the other with non-anonymous discussions.	3
In practical terms, we empirically estimate the size of the paper drain for the specific field of development studies and for the period 2007–2016.	2
The author's affiliation on their articles provided the geographical location that can be tracked in time to infer the international scientific mobility of each author.	3
From Table 3, it is evident that the article-patent-drug network has more article, drug, and patent nodes compared to the other three sub-networks.	4
To quantify whether this phenomenon was detectable within the preprint literature, we compared the bioRxiv or medRxiv category of each COVID-19 preprint to the most recent previous non-COVID-19 preprint (if any) from the same corresponding author.	3
We found the majority of journals to be published by smaller and non-traditional publishers.	4
At the first step, this study collected all keywords from the discipline and utilized a keyword clustering software to establish coword matrix, then clustered partitioning to identify different research topics for the discipline; second, based on the keyword library under the research topic, a three-dimensional topics-author-cited frequency relationship is established; finally, the number of average keywords in scholar's articles is added to improve the z index model to evaluate the results of scholars in different research topics.	3
The results of both searches were exported from Scopus to SciVal Benchmarking and from WoS to InCites Analyze.	3
Article-level bibliographic data from PubMed were combined with publicly available biblio-metric data from Web of Science and SCImago over the years 1999–2007.	2
Therefore, to allow overlaps between the collaboration groups in a natural way, we extracted these groups using the k-clique percolation algorithm [38], corresponding to a widely known overlapping community finding approach.	3
Another pertinent development is the changing commercial and research funding models that underpin scholarly journal publishing in STS.	4
3 Comparison between DIRIA and DIRCIA of the nine countries with the greatest production in 2004.	0
The documents included reviews, decision letters, and correspondence with editors for both published and rejected articles, thus overcoming common limitations encountered during peer review research.	2
This study provides evidence that can be cited in petitioning hospitals and medical colleges for necessary resources given the short timeline needed to see results.	5
Many research centers have an employee, usually a secretary or librarian, who records in one way or another the publications of the resident scientists, but occasionally the management of an institute just does not know.	0
In this paper we conduct a bibliometric study of IB research to specifically identify how transaction costs theory (TCT) has been applied and developed in IB.	1
We propose a dedicated interactive application that integrates three strategies for building semantic networks, using keywords (self-declared themes), citations (areas of research using the papers) and full-texts (themes derived from the words used in writing).	1
Country attribute data and external network data, such as industrialization rate (INS), fashion level (FAS), common religion (CRL), common geographic boundaries (CGB), common currency (CCN), geographical distance (DIS) and trade value (WEI), are incorporated in the TERGM.	2
Second, the average number of citations per paper is larger for those presented in oral sessions than poster sessions.	4
In this paper, we present an experiment on the semantic annotation of citation contexts using a rule-based approach.	1
Shared references in a community detection algorithm were used to identify publication topics.	3
This work can serve either as a reference for scholars in bibliometrics and scientometrics or a scientific evaluation guideline for governments and research agencies.	1
This introduces the problem of defining sets of equally citable authors or documents, a problem that seems to have stopped or at least paused the often heated discussion between proponents and sceptics of citation analysis.	1
Section 4 discusses the research results, whereas the last section deals with research limitations and explores potential avenues for future research.	0
This is an example of a discipline in which this means of scientific communication is widespread (39 proceedings).	0
Surprisingly, it was found that most effects are remarkably consistent across disciplines, varying more in orders of magnitude than in direction of effects per se.	4
Research experience was quantified as full-time months, using several assumptions.	3
The Scree test plots factor eigenvalue (variance) versus factor number, and recommends that only those factors that extract substantive variance be retained.	0
We used MS Access and wrote few SQL scripts for data analysis.	3
A clear dearth of representation of low- to middle-income nations was observed among the editorial boards of ophthalmology journals.	5
A total of 33,473 references were extracted from the 70 guidelines.	2
The aim of the present study is therefore to conduct the first large-scale test of the citing to show-off hypothesis.	1
This study of the research stream of transition markets is distinct from most bibliometric studies for its extensive database of nearly 700 journals across two disciplines and a rather novel method of topic identification that facilitates assignments of words and topics across documents.	5
In this study, we have shown that the mean citation generation can enrich our understanding of the cognitive relatedness and knowledge evolution within citation networks.	5
By providing a method to faithfully recreate the U.S.	5
(These articles were originally accessed in Dec 2005, with notes on access added on 1 Mar 2007.)	0
Which time-related factors are likely to influence how Mendeley reader counts should be interpreted?	1
Six variables are rather impact metrics such as h-index, g-index, normalized and annual h-indices, cites per paper (cpp), cites per paper per year (cpppy); and four variations of Qualis index, namely Teaching, Education, Astronomy/Physics Qualis (teaQ, eduQ, aphQ) and area-independent Qualis (uniQ).	3
Then, for each issue and issue type, average cosine similarity scores were compiled for all article title and abstract combinations successively.	3
What are the differences and similarities between national ranking systems and global ranking systems in terms of the indicators they employ?	1
For all 42 actions we calculated the individual shares of users stating they would use the respective action exclusively to express positive sentiments among all users who provided an answer concerning the respective action.	3
To this end, we study the complete publication profiles of more than 1000 authors across three fields-sociology, economics, and political science to understand the relationship between aging, productivity, collaboration, and impact.	1
The rates for both genera of self-citations are displayed in Table 1.	0
This study applied LDA (latent Dirichlet allocation) and regression analysis to conduct a lead-lag analysis to identify different topic evolution patterns between pre-prints and papers from arXiv and the Web of Science (WoS) in astrophysics over the last 20 years (1992-2011).	1
The important lesson to be learnt is that world level analyses often hide significant differences across countries, especially when country-specific variables play a significant role in determining the outcomes.	5
** Lone researchers work on their own in all their research, whether single or interdisciplinary.	0
We hope that others in a variety of geographical settings implement peer-reviewer training programmes to support their own affiliated researchers and to build community with other researchers.	5
The authors thank Jun Wang, Qianqian Chen for their technical assistance in data processing and analysis.	0
Using Scopus's own journal classification schema—All Science Classification Codes (ASJC)— journal-to-journal citation data were aggregated into the subject area level.	2
In this way, we find 178,897 USPTO patents citing Chinese papers, which account for 2.6% of all the unwithdrawn USPTO patents granted from 1976 to 2020.	2
These were followed by 15 authors that had three publications (not shown).	0
The overarching goal of this work was to thoroughly examine the EOB, (i.e., already known predictions based on the EOB and newly developed ones related to the residuals were under scrutiny).	1
(3) How to construct and apply indicators to characterize the relational strength among different environments (discovery oriented research, application oriented research and patents)?	1
These findings corroborate the benefit of collaborative research on PRDs.	5
SPC method begins by identification of all sources and sinks in a citation network.	3
The methodology exploits the titles and abstracts of LISA bibliographic, considering them as short documents and thus, suitable for the application of some statitiscal techniques for the automatic detection of topics and subsequent organization of those documents/bibliographic records.	3
Predictably, journals were the most cited format, comprising 96.8% of the top 500.	4
We performed statistical tests (Student's t-test, F-Snedecor and Durbin-Watson) as well as statistical analysis (heteroscedasticity, homoscedasticity and correlation matrix) to evaluate consistency levels to validate the model.	3
To be specific, four traditional text categorization models were chosen: Random Forest (RF) (Breiman, 2001), Logistic Regression (LR) (Lei et al., 2019), Naive Bayes (NB) (Chen et al., 2009), and Support Vector Machine (SVM) (Cortes & Vapnik, 1995).	3
Strikingly, we find consistent gains between 1950 and 2019 in both hub and authority centrality by the Carnegie Mellon University Departments of Mathematics while the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Department of Mathematics and the Yale University Department of Mathematics fall in both measures of centrality over the same time course, as shown in Figs.	4
Within this exploratory analysis, we want to know if CIBER structures improve the efficiency and to find it out we pose some questions: Is there a stronger research impact?	1
In conclusion, despite the organization of the Italian sociological field into three “sociologies” producing their own scientific research, it seems that with reference to relevant or paradigmatic works, Italian scholars cite normatively, paying their intellectual debts and acknowledging colleagues' works.	5
We aim to discover the following: 1) the most common bibliometric indicators used in the assessment of institutional research productivity, 2) the correlation between article count indicators and quality weighted indicators, and 3) which indicators are sensitive to the procedure used for institutional ranking.	1
And the evaluation results of scholars' h index and the number of published papers are not ideal due to their low numerical differentiation.	4
Papers with funnier titles were cited less, but this appears to reflect confounding with paper importance: self-citation data suggest that authors give funnier titles to papers they consider less important.	4
Here we present a detailed study on the evolution of the citation linkage between life science related patents and biomedical research over a 37-year period.	1
We believe market culture, Impatient Science and Quantophrenia cannot interfere with this decision process and urge researchers to carefully consider the journals they submit their work to, and not rely on JIF and brand names.	5
If we consider resource allocation strategies of scientists as if they were not embedded in any institutional setting, our results suggest that scientists could concentrate their time and efforts in performing research and competing for preparing high-quality submissions.	5
All these together show the effect of scientific training and talent recognition as a path to scientific advancement in neuroscience.	0
As we recalled in the introduction, RPYS involves the use of a spectrogram.	0
This is a preprint of an article whose final and definitive form was published in Journal of Information Science.	0
Second, empirical evidence provides support that a longer postdoctoral duration does not necessarily lead to better career outcomes.	5
Spanish National Center for Epidemiology, Carlos III Health Institute, Madrid (Spain)	0
After accounting for title mergers and redundancies, i.e., publications listed multiple times under titles both old and new, the final title count dropped to 187 open access journals.	2
The extracted data was then carefully cleaned and processed to construct bibliographic indicators.	0
The omitted category is one year prior to the star’s arrival.	0
1 Research Center of Science Technology and Society, Dalian University, Dalian 116622, China	0
All articles published by IJMHS (n = 158) were collected from the BioMed Central (BMC) archives from establishment in August 2007 to July 17, 2013.	2
To demonstrate the utility of the zp-index, we gathered publication data of newly appointed faculty members in psychology.	3
Inequality is measured using Allison's (1978) modified squared coefficient of variation C = (σ2 – μ)/μ2, where σ2 is the variance of the citation-count distribution and u is the mean number of citations</METRIC>.	3
Our methodology for the analysis of intra-institutional co-authorship networks is based on the combination of (1) domain-independent metrics and methods used in analysis of complex networks, (2) domain-dependent metrics of researcher productivity and collaboration strength, and (3) non-parametric statistical tests applied to the sets of metric values of independent groups of nodes/links.	3
The queries were performed on 6 November 2019 using the search string “Sustainable Development Goals” as a phrase in the fields TOPIC (WoS) respectively TITLE-ABS-KEY (Scopus).	2
More than half (53%) of GS authors have GN postdoctoral experiences, and 35.5% of them even have a current GN affiliation.	4
Impact: CCES facilitated research that could not have been carried out by a single ETH Domain institution alone.	4
We focus on research impact, internationalization and leadership indicators, which became important benchmarks in a worldwide discussion about research quality and impact policies for universities.	1
Among the questions raised were the following, followed by my comments:	0
The primary purpose of our research is to investigate the current growth and development of peer reviewed academic journal titles.	1
The Altmetric database was used to collect policy report citations of scientific articles for 3 topic terms (COVID-19, COVID-19 vaccine, and COVID-19 variants).	2
A quick look at the bibliographies of a half dozen books about Canadian politics left me further perplexed.	0
An electronic search for articles was conducted using the NHS EED [6].	2
Figure 2 displays the ROC curve of the seven ML models.	0
Between 2003–2015, researchers at CONICET were tripled from 3,579 to 9,236, reaching by 2013 a rate of 2.64 full-time researchers per thousand labour force (UNESCO 2016).	4
The publication time of the collected papers was limited to between 2012 and 2021 to ensure a recent and comprehensive dataset.	2
Moreover, the strength of the correlation between average citations (H/T) and total number of scientific productions (T) was relatively weak (r ranging from ?	4
(1964) on the Higgs mechanism as well as Glashow (1961), Weinberg (1967), and Salam (1968) on the unification of weak and electromagnetic interaction.	4
Spelling and grammar mistakes as well as failure to be listed on Scopus, DOAJ, and/or Web of Science are key indicators of potentially predatory journals.	5
The discipline information was contained in FoR codes.	2
The survey sample comprised 480 participants (205 women) from a scientific background who were recruited: (1) through an email invitation (email invitations were sent to corresponding authors of papers published in journals indexed on the Journal Citations Reports list that was from one of the three research areas: biology, philosophy, and psychology) and (2) with the help of an external survey company which recruited doctoral graduates from biology, philosophy, and psychology.	2
After manual checking and deletion, we obtained 19,208 books, showing that books with no DOIs occupied a considerable proportion (56%).	2
Guided by a conceptual model, Study 1 examines the relationship between author order and contribution statements on more than 12,000 articles to understand what information is provided by each.	1
The third journal, Journal of Vascular and Interventional Radiology, is the official journal of the Society of Interventional Radiology.	0
Megajournals are becoming an established part of scientific publishing.	5
We also compare the consistency of reviews and fate of papers from China with papers from English-speaking countries.	1
The results of the analysis of the correlation between collaboration and the FWCI normalized impact show that all the universities present a direct and significant linear relationship (p<0.01).	4
Therefore, it is essential to link steel carbon emissions with the resource recycling chain and accurately capture the spatiotemporal dynamics of IUSS-ECE to provide a multi-scale quantitative basis for developing and implementing region-specific long-term decarbonization strategies in the B&R region.	1
The present study relied on semi-structured interviews with American and Russian scientists who collaborated with colleagues from the opposite country in the years 1994–2014.	2
The VOSviewer software (Van Eck & Waltman, 2010, 2014) was used to create visualizations of the full and fractional counting co-authorship networks.	3
A broad discipline classification of subjects was done by matching WoS and Scopus subjects.	3
This phenomenon is captured in margins plots shown in Fig 6.	0
By operationalizing the knowledge network as citing networks initiated by a scientific publication, we provide empirical evidence that scientific breakthroughs do impose particular influences on the knowledge structure of science, and that this observation is useful for predicting scientific breakthroughs.	5
We compared the increases in academic book prices with all books (except for textbooks) published during 2001–2011 in China.	3
The number of authors of a paper and their relative contributions are further complications.	0
Section 5 presents our experimentation with the Citeseer data base; and finally, Section 6 presents some perspectives and conclusions.	0
This shows that the award-winning papers are not the most cited and actually have an average citation count that is 92% below than the citation count of the most-cited papers in the CEM area.	4
To further analyze the co-word network, we chose network centralization and network centrality as indicators for evaluating the matrix, and the results are shown in Table 1.	4
Regulations on S&T expenditures in general and on research councils more specifically include efforts to develop new metrics specific to science-based or innovation-based outcomes, to enhance the use of indicators in decision-making, to focus on tracing the broad impacts of programs, to increase the frequency of reporting, and to make agencies more responsive to business and public interests.	4
Leading predatory publications, the University of Punjab from the public sector has 108 contributions from 5 PESS faculty members with no recognized articles.	4
Contrary to our initial, somewhat na?ve assumption, we found that gross income and piracy is positively correlated.	5
The research articles indexed in the Web of Science's core collection database over last ten years (2013 - 2024) are analyzed using techniques of citation analysis, article co-citation, journal co-citation, social network analysis, author keyword analysis, and co-word network of author keywords to answer the above research questions.	2
A one-group pretest-posttest experimental design was used to test for these changes.	3
Based on the general picture presented above with global collaboration patterns that might seem paradoxical from a geopolitical point of view, our hypothesis is that the Russian conflict in the Ukraine has not considerably affected the long-term patterns and trends in international scientific collaboration.	1
Poisson regression models were then used to examine whether the 12 survey variables predicted the number of publication submissions.	3
The study plan was submitted to the UCSF Institutional Review Board (Human Research Protection Program) and was determined not to be human subjects research.	0
Subsequently, the logarithm-corrected impact factor (IFlog) for each journal was calculated.	3
The Revised Publication Pressure Questionnaire was used in this study (Haven, de Goede, et al., 2019).	2
Therefore, the following three research questions are posed and answers are sought: (1) What are the criteria weights for research performance?	1
2011), which is a specific version of the more general Potts model suggested by Reichardt and Bornholdt (2004).	3
Here, we provide new insights on the role of randomness in impact in creative careers in two ways: (i) we systematically untangle luck and individual ability to generate impact in the movie, music, and book industries, and in science, and compare the luck factor between these fields; (ii) we show the surprising presence of randomness in the relationship between collaboration networks and timing of career hits.	1
We base the mobility status on the researchers' affiliation history.	3
Some problems arising when the search for publications in Scopus is performed with the "Affiliation search" and "Document search" options are considered.	1
Yet, for completeness’ sake we recall the definition of the h-index.	0
The agreement fraction between two panels composed by 6 referees is 55% ± 5% (50% confidence level) for the top and bottom quartiles.	4
This analysis is facilitated by the transparency of the data on the WoS.	2
First, in terms of link strength, the total link strength of the top 25 keywords of CCG2018 is 17% higher than that of AAG2018.	4
There was also a clear core-periphery structure to international collaboration.	4
This study explores gender gaps and differences in citation practices of scholars in the top-cited articles in tourism research.	1
As a result of a substantial deviation from the diagonal in a Q-Q plot of standardized residuals, it was decided that a one-way Kruskal-Wallis would be conducted to test if there was a significant difference in grant money obtained per year across the eight different Carnegie Classifications.	3
The financial support provided by the China Scholarship Council (CSC) during a visit of Xin Li to The University of Texas at Austin (No.	0
Examination of the two periods showed that the values for cluster centrality, density, overall network density, and network map ties increased in the latter decade.	4
The current paper is aimed at answering three questions related to the hierarchy of a set of journals: Is there statistical evidence of a hierarchy within the observed journals?	1
Across four years of data, there were increases in the number of connections, proportion of cross-cohort connections, and proportion of interdisciplinary connections.	4
The standard implementation of the content-based approach was performed using the Apache Lucene API that is widely applied to identify content/word similarities [24,25], as it extracts rare terms (based on TF-IDF), and computes the cosine similarities between research papers.	3
Our rank method is designed from the view of the flow of knowledge (Bell and Zaheer 2007), considering not only input but also output of knowledge, which in author citation network correspond to out-bound links and in-bound links, respectively.	5
Accordingly, beyond the US, we include a diverse set of Western European countries with the highest research output—defined by the number of Scopus-indexed papers between 2010 and 2019: the United Kingdom, France, Spain, Germany, and Italy, as well as Eastern Europe (Russia, Poland, Hungary, Romania, and Ukraine).	2
A total of 86 award-winning refereed articles from four journals were identified from 2002 through 2013 (50 articles [in 6 issues] from ADHR, 12 articles from HRDI, 12 articles from HRDR, and 12 articles from HRDQ).	2
The analyses were conducted using UCINET for Windows (6.0) and SPSS (22.0).	3
It should be remembered that there can be considerable discordance between the expectations of academic and medical value among scholars and the attitudes of the general public.	5
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship,	0
This study also provides useful insights on the levers of researchers’ efficiency.	5
On the other hand, the difference among VQR results for A-Class and no-A-Class journals is statistically significant for around the 60% of academic disciplines (46 academic disciplines out of 78).	4
Layering covers processes in which new institutional elements are added to already existing ones (Schickler 2001; Thelen 2003; Mahoney and Thelen 2010: 21).	3
We conducted searches through PubMed to retrieve errata, duplicate, and retracted publications (as of January 30, 2014).	2
Refined by: Subject Areas = (ECONOMICS);” and (h) select “Create Citation Report” to navigate to a page containing the required data on the average number of citations per article and h-index.	0
For example, it achieves excellent prediction results with MSLE reaches 0.923 when observing for 4 years in Hep-PH and MSLE reaches 1.061 when observing for 5 years in APS, respectively.	4
We can now consider a schemata for understanding the general structure of functional explanations.	0
The numbers in bold represent the higher citation value for the article between 2004 and 2014	0
We then employed the difference-in-differences (DID) estimator to evaluate the difference between “the before-after outcomes in the treatment group, which received funding” and “the before-after outcomes in the control group, which did not receive funding.”	3
Our source of information on students is Proquest Dissertations and Abstract.	2
The self-citations share percentage of the each individual subject discipline has been calculated by dividing the total number of self-citations received by a particular subject to the total number of self-citations received by all the subject disciplines under study.	3
The Impact Factor as currently measured is not appropriate to know the impact of Panamanian research.	5
The most productive 16 countries, in terms of the number of scientific papers, are selected for the current study.	2
We next reflect on the autoethnographic approach taken and reflect on implications for future research.	0
The researchers recorded and categorized the editors, the editorial board members, and their affiliated institutions listed on the websites of these associations in the end of 2016.	2
Data collected showed that the overall disciplinary competitiveness in stomatology at country level was strongest in the United States, followed by Brazil, Japan, England, Germany, Italy, mainland China, The Netherlands, Switzerland, and Sweden.	4
This, however, was incorrectly extended by some editors to attract more readers by advertising for their journals through IFs.	0
The adjusted frequency in the age of four is calculated as follows:	0
South Africa has the most international collaborations among BRICS, followed by Russia, Brazil, India and China.	4
Drugs approved between 2006 and 2015 were included in this study, and 605 drugs and the corresponding 2422 USPTO patents were identified.	2
The data sets are collected from their biodata and supplemented from SCOPUS database.	2
It provides an alternative perspective to the Australian government's Excellence in Research for Australia (ERA) assessment.	1
The literature was retrieved on July 28, 2017, and the retrieval time span was from 2006 to 2016.	2
How to cite | Complete issue | More information about this article Journal's homepage	0
Since we use branching process as the overarching framework to describe the evolution, we now provide the mathematical formulation of our population model based on the generalized branching process.	3
Taken together, by properly control the effect of publication number n in our measure, we reach consistent results that the research direction change is not correlated with the probability to increase productivity nor the average change rate of productivity.	4
The criteria and algorithms described above are implemented in graph-tool Python module, which we use to do all SBM fitting in this work (Peixoto, 2014a).	3
The search query used in Scopus has an h-index of 101.	4
Information visualization analysis on Advances in Psychological Science: 1983-2014	1
The intraclass correlation coefficient and McDonald's omega were 0.96 (CI: 0.93–0.98) and 0.962 (95% CI: 0.958-0.967), respectively.	3
This study aimed to examine the development of research trends in neuropsychiatry from 2000 to 2013, by using bibliometric analysis of relevant articles published in the most important neuropsychiatry journals.	1
German and French governments have had, quasi simultaneously, this ambitious goal to push forward national champions on the global higher education and research market via, as they called it, "excellence programs".	1
It was found that three hundred ninety-seven male academics (54.6%) and 50 female academics (31.1%) had ever published articles in peer-reviewed journals (p<0.001).	4
We begin by decribing the data base that will be used.	0
We (1) extract possible topics from paper titles using the Tf-Idf technique (Term frequency-Inverse document frequency) (Salton and Buckley 1988) and then (2) select the most relevant of these possible topics with the rCUR dimension reduction method (Bodor et al.	3
The results given in columns II and V in Table 2 suggest that regions that engaged in laser research relatively early tend to have more laser patents in later years.	4
We also found that in general pediatric journals, neurology-based articles are published more frequently compared to other specialties.	5
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
It will answer the following research questions: 1.	1
LDI is designed to enhance linguistic diversity, which is not the same as cultural diversity.	5
The sample only included peer-reviewed publications, excluding gray literature.	2
Our preferred measure of research output is the number of articles published in our 45 journals, rather than the number of pages.	3
2) are only very broadly similar to the Scopus citation results (Fig.	4
The average age of all references was 11.29 years.	4
In total the analyses deal with almost 60,000 source documents (Table 1) and almost 700,000 citations.	2
It is intended to support LIS researchers in the choice of a search system in situations when they start exploring a topic and try to find the necessary literature.	1
Question 4: Are there publicly available data that could be used in such measure calculation and real projects’ evaluation?	1
This study shows that the total number of article citations to SciFinder, Reaxys, PubChem and ChemSpider has steadily increased since 2000.	5
Several levels of cognitive relatedness are established depending on the citation distance between the citing publications and a core set of publications.	3
SCI100, SSCI100, A&HCI 100 are defined as high-impact articles involving three groups of top 100 most cited papers selected from SCI, SSCI, and A&HCI databases of the Thomson Reuters, respectively.	2
Based on the simulation data, we also analyze the role of reward for scientists' research performance, and find that “too much is as bad as too little”.	4
These societies include AMS (American Mathematical Society), IMU (International Mathematical Union), LMS (London Mathematical Society), Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.	2
The Web of Science was selected as the literature source for this study because it was used widely in similar publications [3–6].	2
Considering the results discussed above, they provide a potentially interesting output that allows discovering the evolution of the Microbiology research.	5
The exponential model showed that yearly publications had a distinct growth with a high rate during the last decade.	5
An earlier version of this article was presented as a GTE Lecture at the Department of Science and Technology Studies at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, N.Y., on January 28, 1987.	0
How are scientific topics distributed over disciplines in a given country?	1
We reported the country and verified the specified address, if any, by using Google Maps and 3-dimensional Street View using the methodology of Shen and Bjork.	3
The VOSviewer program (van Eck and Waltman 2010) was used for the creation and visualization of publication and citation networks for authors, employing the option of fractional counting.	3
The maximum value of the F-measure for CP[NR-PCP] was 0.406 (threshold = 4; precision = 0.328, recall = 0.533), while that of CP[NR-FP] was 0.335 (threshold = 2; precision = 0.242, recall = 0.546).	4
The tool utilises content and proven citation metrics from the Web of Science as the foundation for objective analytics that evaluate output, performance and trends and understand the scope of an organisation's scholarly contributions by either an individual or team.	2
Still, even accepting that IF is generally unavailable in the humanities, one would still need to stress that, when IF is not available, there are other journal-based metrics that could be used.	4
In order to see if the early view feature causes any difference on the impact factor and the immediacy index values, the journals with and without early view features were compared in terms of their impact factors and immediacy indexes.	3
The bibliometric analyses show that both publications and knowledge topics exhibit significant rise, and China has exceeded the USA and developed into the largest scientific producer after 2010.	4
The purposes of this course were to: (1) introduce students to the goals of the project, (2) build trainees' understanding of how big projects operate, and (3) allow trainees to explore how their research interests dovetailed with the overall project.	1
We also tackle the possibility of detecting a newly modified PCFG generator using the existing rules.	1
Moreover, we found 7446 authors that collaborated, creating 2562 affiliations in 85 countries.	2
Norwegian BERD specialisation: three-year averages of the BERD RSI index, 1993–1995 and 2001–2003	0
0%, P=0.000); the majority were related to oncology (56% vs.	4
This suggests that established supervisors do provide better and more academic resources and opportunities to doctoral students to facilitate their scholarly socialization.	5
This study found evidence of a significant increase in research productivity and in the impact of the field of creativity during the past five decades.	5
Finally, 2886 papers are selected to construct the acyclic directed network with 15,269 routes.	2
To assess the network pattern, we employed the density coefficient (DC) in a range between 0 and 1.0 as per Equation 4:	3
I downloaded one file immediately before the removing of journals started (file time-stamped 9 May 2016 12:00) and one immediately after the process was finished (file time-stamped 10 May 2016 06:30).	2
2012), we collected all the patent information for this study from the USPTO (http://patft.uspto.gov/netahtml/PTO/index.html), which provides rich patent information, including a large number of cited papers (Meyer 2000).	2
The data for the most productive scholars were exported from Scival, a software that works with Scopus data (Chigisheva et al., 2021).	2
The USA contributed 36 articles, followed by China (n=15) and Germany (n=14).	4
As the data can be approximated with a linear function y = ?1.2864x + 2.5654 on a log-log scale in Figure 2(b), we conclude that the degree distribution follows a power-law distribution.	4
It is commonly used for co-citation network analysis and visualization.	3
We then select ten statistics whose independence is confirmed by Fisher z-test27 and show that the databases display significant inconsistencies in the selected statistics using Friedman rank test28,29.	3
Our model predicts the existence of a stable macro power law, relating the world share of countries' scientific production (publications and citations) to their world share of public investment in scientific research.	3
As no such information existed for Iranian journals, the aim of this study is to discover how accurate references (Persian and non-Persian) are in the scientific literature.	1
Both the Gini coefficient and α measures follow the same trend (Fig.	4
In this study we address the following questions.	1
To reveal whether there exists a correlation between the number of references and the number of citations in a paper of the Artificial Intelligence-related conference, we present an experiment based on a total number of 9,458 papers published in CVPR, ICML, and AAAI from the year 2014 to 2018.	1
Our findings indicate that papers citing a broader range of fields are more likely to achieve technological impact, thereby supporting the earlier research conducted on biomedical papers by Ke (2020a).	5
Inactive PPJ all other potentially predatory journals that were marked Inactive in the Source title list in September 2018 version.	3
Ball and Tunger, 2005; Malciené, 1989; Masic, 2016).	3
The rankings of scientists based upon highly cited papers are not correlated with the rankings based upon the academic degrees, numbers of citations or on the Hirsch-indices.	4
Given this perpetuated gap between academia and practice, future research should evaluate the notion of productivity from additional perspectives.	5
The author produced this work as part of his official government duties.	0
Using the nationalities of authors on papers, the NL-LDA model is unique in that it captures the extent to which ideas and concepts embodied by n-grams in the texts are associated to authors from which countries.	3
The retracted publications on schizophrenia-related studies were searched from the Web of Science Core Collection in the database of the Web of Science (WoS).	2
A secondary objective is to demonstrate that some mechanisms linking the two literatures through shared references were not identifiable through phrase matching alone.	5
Journals were assigned fields and subfields using the classification used by the National Science Foundation in the Science and Engineering Indicators.	0
Additionally, the focus is heavily oriented to encoded and explicit information rather than to the larger body of knowledge.	5
Larson, executive director of the Industrial Research Institute, Washington, D.C., which is made up of corporate R&D managers, says intellectual capital represents the new wave of interest in industry.	0
The final section concludes the paper and outlines directions for further research.	0
To systematically compare these selected metrics, we used the data provided on the WoS web site to analyze 25 top ranked cardiovascular journals in the same mode as represented in the WoS citation distribution window.	1
The research review will focus on the analysis of scientists' networks.	1
We will focus on five functions played by authorship attributions: 1.	4
Moreover, our experimental results demonstrate COIRank algorithm significantly outperforms the state-of-art solutions.	4
Against that backdrop, the objective of this study is to analyse the behaviour of 53 MDPI-journals that were JCR indexed in 2019, in order to elucidate whether these journals could be considered predatory.	1
Among quoting articles, 7 (6% [3%; 13%]) showed a pattern of predominantly quoting index articles from the time span relevant to the calculation of the impact factor.	4
Each faculty member teaches a compulsory basic course on their research field which each student must take, and students can chose from a variety of elective courses for more advanced study on topics that interest them.	0
5 Co-authorship network of DBLP (left), PubMed Central (center), and WoS (right)	0
Having identified the multidimensional nature of academic productivity, the research can intersect with phenomena such as brain drain, organisational well-being and stress, per capita income, research funds (insufficient or inadequate), the relationship between the administrative system and academic productivity, the social sphere and family.	5
Our main interest is in the effects of collaboration on productivity.	1
The data that were used in the study were a large dataset of 775,456 scientific texts published between 1969 and 2019 in 123 scientific journals.	2
To provide evidence of citation counts manipulation, one needs to collect samples of metadata in three different places along the reference registration path depicted in Figure 1.	3
This sampling decision excluded 98 of 4000 sampled papers from the HIV network and 358 of 32,255 from the general network.	2
Postgraduate students are aware of predatory journals and publishers.	4
A search of the Directory of Open-Access Journals (http://www.doaj.org) for “surgery journals" returned 238 journals, and the list is incomplete.	2
Barring a few, the problems is that limited number of papers is currently being published in these journals.	0
Correlations were apparent with clear links between downloads and citations.	5
Thus, the quest for a perfect composite indica- tor from which to derive a unique ranking is bound to fail.	0
The current evaluation provides a systematic mapping and analysis of prolific authors who have published more than 200 papers in at least one high impact scientific journal of general science or medicine; and a more in-depth analysis of those who are massively prolific and have published over 700 papers in at least one such high impact scientific journal.	1
The Université de Montréal (UdeM) was a noticeable outlier among the institutions included in Phase 1.	4
Results of this analysis indicated that the USA is the most productive country and the Chinese Acad.	4
Their publications were collated by scanning the PubMed and Google Scholar databases.	2
We conducted a comprehensive literature exploration on worldwide veterinary education and veterinary communication education publications in the Web of Science Core Collection database from 1 January 2000 to 31 December 2021.	2
We appreciate the valuable remarks of the anonymous referees of Research Evaluation.	0
Considering the quality of data, we included papers published since 2000, and Table 1 describes the data collection.	2
The authors would also like to thank the anonymous reviewers for their helpful and constructive comments.	0
An "overall' average for AV and IF including most of an author's publica- tions and an average for publications comprising the h-index ("h-index core") were calculated.	3
Two neurologists (J.S.B. and K.M.P.) manually reviewed the contents of articles independently.	3
Other indicators combine publications and citations in the same result, including the citations per paper and the h-index (Alonso et al., 2009; Hirsch, 2005).	3
Specifically, we use a one-to-one exact matching procedure on year of birth, cumulative number of patent applications at the time of (real or placebo) death, and year of (real or placebo) death in order to identify placebo deceased inventors among the full population of inventors.	3
We could expect that, across disciplines, interdisciplinarity is systematically higher in more specialized journals than in more generalist ones.	0
The search inquiry on Scopus, presented in Table 1 below, was conducted by analyzing the title, abstract and keywords of the studies published in the field of economic sciences, namely: business, management and accounting (“BUSI") plus economics, econometric & finance (“ECON") plus decision sciences (“DECI”).	2
From the Lincoln Medical and Mental Health Center, Bronx, New York.	0
Indeed, using 2YIF as a single RAM to capture the quality of a journal would lead to a distorted evaluation of a journal's impact and influence.	5
Methodi Ordinatio is a methodology used to accomplish systematic literature reviews, to build bibliographical portfolios, and to map the state of the art of a research theme.	3
The revisit in 2015 began with the identification of these 15 units in the national research system.	3
Although the role of research funding and institutional governance in this development is undisputed, the argument put forth here is that knowledge-related rationales continue to underpin collaborative pursuits with a research component, but that often these influences tend to remain underemphasised and unexplored.	4
Countries that do not use a formalized system tend to rely less on quantitative evaluation procedures.	4
The following three questions will be studied: (1) What are the characteristics of the spatial distribution of Chinese scientists at different development stages?	1
The aim of this study is to determine the presence and evaluate the features of potential predatory journals in the radiology field.	1
The data is based on the monthly data retrieved by Crossref via API.	2
public), faculty status and/or tenure track, professionals in other fields outside academic libraries or library and information science (LIS) programs, students, retired,	3
This paper is a positive attempt to expand bibliometric methods to the field of patent literature and hopes that patent coupling will eventually become a mature method like bibliographic coupling and be widely used.	5
We use mapping methods following the so-called overlay mapping technique, which allows to view the relative position of a publication subset in a larger context (Ràfols et al., 2010).	3
Please cite this article in press as: Xin Z, et al.	0
To empirically test the impact of scientific merit and attributes of the reviewing team on the probability of a research project to receive funds, we will apply a two-stage Heckman (1979) model.	3
We construct the citation cascades with 5000 edges in chronological order for all the papers.	3
From 1996 to 2013, 75 residents graduated from the Harvard Medical School Residency Program in Otolaryngology (Table 1).	2
Qualitative interviews have been chosen as the most appropriate method to address the research questions due to the nature of the investigation into perceptions and views, and the subsequent need to capture subjective meaning making.	3
Microscopic analysis detects the internal structure of academic objects and examines their research interests and contributions to the discipline based on the content details.	3
We use the Reliance on Science (ROS) database (Version 34) to achieve citing patents and cited papers (Marx & Fuegi, 2020, 2022).	2
The website Visitors Detective (www.visitorsdetective.com) was used as source.	2
In order to eliminate the direct contribution of Nature publications in our study; we constructed another rank, AWARD, based on the 2003–2012 period.	3
The bibliographic records consist of totally 35,712 papers were retrieved on September 11th, 2015.	2
A further analysis of the differences in academic productivity between different continents and between native and nonnative English countries was conducted using Kruskal-Wallis one-way analysis of variance.	3
Publisher: Taylor & Francis & Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group	0
Overall, the correspondence was high between the impact factors, the h5-index values, and the subjective rankings of sleep journals.	5
scientists), the second is that the co-citation relation generates non-Kuhnian communities, i.e.	4
Responses to the survey were categorized in patterns as the primary basis for organizing and reporting the results.	0
We make use of the Physics and Astronomy Classification Scheme (PACS) code firstly proposed by the American Institute of Physics in 1975.	3
To assess the gender gap in research and its associated factors determinants among faculty at Addis Ababa University.	1
He first called attention to the exponential growth of scientific literature, based on publication counts47, and went on to consider the network properties of citations among papers48.	0
The challenges are similar what is described in the extant literature, including cultural and organizational issues (e.g., Wagner et al., 2015; Leahey, 2016).	5
An extension of our current work might lead to an early warning system that makes the scientific community aware of problems with certain publications.	5
We also determined the proportion of perceived, International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE)-defined and unperceived honorary authorship in the respondent group.	3
Some Visual Basic for Applications programs were developed to generate the co-word matrix, compute the E-index value of keywords as well as the density and centrality of thematic clusters.	3
How are such contributions associated with the choice of research topics and methodology?	1
Consequently, the sample of this study consisted of all articles (articles and research notes/communications/ commentaries) published in SMJ from volume 1, issue 1 in 1980 to volume 35, issue 13 in 2014.	2
Acknowledgements This work was supported by National Social Science Fund Project (No.	0
El objetivo de esta investigación es analizar si las universidades clasificadas en ARWU muestran el mejor desempe?o académico.	1
The aim of this study was to investigate the views and opinions of health and life sciences scholars towards subscriptions to e-journals.	1
Data on publishing productivity were compiled from SocINDEX and Amazon.	2
STI performance information, despite ongoing language and discipline biases, is partially demonstrated through bibliometric analysis.	3
Therefore, it is concluded that Comprehensive similarity measure provides better similarity results as compared to other similarity techniques and their combinations.	5
Therefore, first of all, the UNESCO and ERIC thesauri were used to retrieve equivalent terms for electronic learning.	2
The journals which had cited JKAN and those which JKAN had cited were mainly published in Korean.	4
However, the reputation effect becomes negligible for highly cited publications meaning that, for c≥ cx, the citation rate measures scientific impact more transparently.	4
In this subsection, we identify three important attributes that play a major contribution and forms a basis for a model to build an index Ir that objectively conveys the impact I of a research paper R.	3
Using Pontryagin's maximum principle we derive the optimal capital accumulation over the life cycle of a scientist.	1
Finally there are three datasets for experiments: (1) <chemical, gene>: 13307 associations (clusters) with 8450 articles; (2) <chemical disease>: 2451 associations (clusters) with 5224 articles; and (3) <gene, disease>: 571 associations (clusters) with 1150 articles.	2
This paper presents the results of a validation study in a sample of Spanish psychologists including neuroscience psychologists for whom the regression equations would be expected to apply but including also psychologists in other areas of the social/behavioral sciences for whom the applicability of the regression equations might be questionable.	1
What editors do with retraction warnings, of course, is up to them.	0
We address this gap by conducting two studies that empirically measure the impact of LAS scholarship.	1
Yet, as described below, retraction guidelines and practices are inconsistent, with the result that fraudulent papers can remain in the knowledge base for years.	4
Project researchers published most of their main results as a Special Feature of Ecology and Society.	2
We summarize related concepts in “Background and related work” section, and describe the methods we used to obtain the data and to conduct our empirical analysis in “Research method" section.	0
To explore the sensitivity of the results to the starting values chosen for the algorithm the analysis was re-run using randomly chosen starting values for the 96 journals in the ranking.	4
Results show that early-stage researchers and those who had fewer articles in Scopus have benefited more from publishing COVID papers.	4
The crude productivity in the UAE was higher than that observed for the gulf cooperation council or Arab region, but lower when normalized to gross domestic product, or when compared to two countries outside the Arab region with remarkable research growth.	4
The annual research output increased by 42% between 2000 and 2010.	4
Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
These case studies were gathered within the COST ENRESSH Action (European Network for Research Evaluation in the SSH).	2
The gender homophily effect among researchers, i.e., the tendency towards same-gender collaborations, was measured by calculating Yule's Q (odds ratio) index.	3
On one hand, higher levels of multidisciplinarity do not necessarily mean a more collaborative institution.	5
6 reveals that Engineering dominates the academic landscape in China, with cutting-edge fields such as Nanoscience & Nanotechnology ranking among the top five subjects.	4
4 indicates that the consistency of the COCD method is always higher than that of CCD, especially in the early period following publication of a paper.	4
Departing from thesis repositories at four Dutch University Medical centers, we included 211 pairs of supervisors and Ph.D.	2
Data on Twitter mentions were extracted from PlumX Analytics, information on each Twitter user was taken from the own platform and citations were collected from Scopus public API.	2
However, such metrics should only be used after careful deliberation and should not be influenced by institutions looking for shortcuts, by companies looking to advance profits, or by individuals seeking to promote themselves, rather than generating meaningful engagement in scholarship and conservation action.	5
Indian health science publication follows a similar trend with the availability of OA is 45%, though, for life sciences, the number is less in India, only 28%.	4
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s00784-016-1990-1) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Our findings further support researchers' understanding of the impact formation of innovation.	5
To help read the similarity values, basic descriptive statistics of the values of the pair-wise similarity for static author map, dynamic author map and LDA map are provided in Table 4.	0
Second, we measured non-zero Facebook likes by excluding all manuscripts from the above mentioned 300 manuscripts that received zero Facebook likes (resulting in a sample of n = 95).	3
McVeigh, MS, Thomson Reuters, 3501 Market St, Philadelphia, PA 19104 (marie.mcveigh@thomsonreuters.com).	0
But the deviations between the g-index and the square root of the total number of citations turned out to be somewhat larger.	4
Long, structured interviews were conducted face-to-face and/or remotely (Skype or telephone).	3
...except American inventors, the rest of the world cite scientific papers with foreign authorship more than local ones in their inventions.	4
Written informed consent was not required for this study because data were downloaded directly from the database.	0
The approved custom questionnaires become available for all other users to browse through, export or adapt for use in their trials, creating an invaluable resource for research and broadening the portfolio of available instruments.	4
The UK digital economies research3 program is funded by four UK Research Councils, and has a broad societal aim: to bring about the transformational impact of ICT for all aspects of business, society, and government.	2
Objective To generate an understanding of the communication practices that might influence the peer-review process in biomedical journals.	1
Color versions of one or more of the figures in the article can be found online at www.tandfonline.com/uhej.	0
Private foundations are dominating the scene, being richer than public funders with defined domains of preference in mainly the areas of health, tropical diseases and epidemics (Head et al., 2017; Nwaka et al., 2012).	4
The use of adjusted predictions and marginal effects provide alternative ways by which differences across institutions can be visualized and made easier to interpret.	5
So, in addition to the performance index x we use a modified productivity index (termed mod_x), to control the faculty strength by dividing each entry in the formula above by total number of teachers (eq.	3
g., editorials, notes, letters, book reviews, errata), articles without an abstract or without references, and articles with anonymous authors.	2
Correspondence: Inquiries to Jason Yuen, South West Neurosurgery Centre, Derriford Hospital, Plymouth, PL6 8DH United Kingdom; fax: 0845 155 8235; e-mail: jasonyuen1@gmail.com	0
In 2015, FRO allocated AUD$150K for grants compared with $10K–$2.6M from 10 of the other 15 Australasian Medical Colleges.	4
Copyright of Communications of the ACM is the property of Association for Computing Machinery and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
This relatively high investment has positioned Brazil as the most productive Latin American country in every research field with 1,233,706 documents overall and 132,990 in physics (10.78% of the total) from 1996 to 2021 (SCImago, 2022), thus being ranked first in the WIPO production ranking (WIPO, 2022).	5
The Retraction Watch Database and PubMed were used to explore the retraction of COVID-19 and non-COVID-19 articles and preprints.	2
Perceived effectiveness of various approaches to team science training, perceived effectiveness regarding training method.	0
We tested whether the scientific production in the field follows the distribution expected by the Lotka's Law (Lotka, 1926), i.e.	3
Se analizan 1 186 artículos con filiación de instituciones peruanas recuperados de la base de datos Scopus (2011-2020), para lo cual se emplearon seis (6) indicadores altmétricos de Altmetric y citas de Dimensions.	2
In order to support this, the OAPEN Library provides several data feeds which contain the complete description of all books.	3
We developed a pragmatic way to estimate EC, which overcame the issue of the lack of information about health service quality.	5
1, if other is not specified, we consider the search data of 28.03.2016), which exactly corresponds to the sought one.	3
Articles written only in English are considered for research.	2
Our analysis brought us to an understanding that there are a few resistant nations (e.g.	4
Based on data collected throughout the research, a typology has been built with three 'ideal types': scientific societies, professional associations of scientists and science dissemination associations.	3
With the way to estimate the weighted similarity between two references, PBC estimates the similarity between two articles d1 and d2 by Eq 6, where Od1 and Od2 are the sets of references in d1 and d2 respectively.	3
According to our results, collaborations between scientists improved their performances.	5
Plagiarism was undetected at submission in five of these 12 articles; two had been accepted for publication.	4
In light of these facts, this study estimates research success using two independent measures: the frequency of very highly cited papers and the frequency of Nobel Prize-winning discoveries.	1
We found that “insiders" who entered laser research early in their own career and/or early in the development of the field advised above-average numbers of laser-related doctoral dissertations.	4
Because learning and incorporating ideas and methods from other disciplines takes time, a substantial number of fellows (44%) experienced slower productivity that resulted in fewer publications.	4
We argue that micro-management within the evaluation regulations is unnecessary.	5
Received 14 June 2021; Received in revised form 25 January 2022; Accepted 27 January 2022	0
As noted previously, 38.1% (51/134) of respondents indicated they had included an honorary author on their paper or abstract which was defined as perceived honorary authorship, 57.3% (51/134) indicated that coauthors had not met one or more of the ICMJE criteria (ICMJE-defined honorary authorship) and 24.2% (30/124) indicated that coauthors had not met ICMJE criteria but had denied that they had included an honorary author (non-perceived honorary authorship).	4
This study provides the first comprehensive investigation of OPR adoption, its early adopters and the implementation approaches used.	1
The former has, to date, launched over 80 open access journals operating on an author-pays model, and it also offers institutional membership.	0
In this exploratory analysis, we estimate the time and costs needed to meet the diverse formatting requirements for manuscript submissions in biomedical publishing.	1
A comprehensive database of publications was created by extracting publications by trainees identified in the annual progress reports submitted by principal investigators and renewal applications to the FIC.	2
Thus, approximately 60 percent of the variability in academic rank is not directly tied to bibliometric factors.	5
ML classifiers perform significantly better than human classifiers at replicating the ground truth panel classifications across all stages and training sets.	4
The world's largest scholarly literature pirate website, Sci-Hub, permits readers to bypass journal paywalls, thus facilitating no-cost copyright-infringing article downloads.	1
This is the case with the infamous impact factor that provides the previous two years' mean of citations per paper of the journal as a value for any of the papers published in it in the current year.	4
KEYWORDS academic libraries, China, bibliometric services, research evaluation, research support service, scholarly output assessment, web content analysis, case study	0
First, it comes as no surprise that the number of years-since-graduation was moderately to strongly correlated with most impact metrics.	4
Therefore, the purpose of this paper is to conduct a citation analysis to compare the research impact of papers presented in oral and poster sessions.	1
The Sci-Hub effect was present in all selected journals and scientific disciplines that we analyzed (see Fig.	4
As the results in Table 3 show (expectedly) the size-independent AC variant leads to top positions for smaller countries, such as Chile or Switzerland.	4
For this reason, the present work intends to give Mexico the prominence it deserves by studying its productivity in research by using a bibliometric approach.	1
Searches for the domain names were carried out on three search engines (Google, Yahoo, and Bing) which are used by 98% of Internet users (Moore & Ayers, 2011).	3
To sum up, the present study has investigated the distribution and contribution of journals, authors, institutions, and countries, and more importantly, provided hot issues, research fronts, and future research of the EFF field.	5
In this study, we used publication data from these new databases and added publication data from two established databases (Web of Science from Clarivate Analytics and Scopus from Elsevier) to investigate scientific growth processes from the beginning of the modern science system until today.	1
Today, the eradication of this disease remains elusive; the clinical manifestations and epidemiological characteristics differ with the diverse endemic zones, and there is a lack of proper treatment.	0
As one can clearly see from the figure, it differs from year to year how many works are referenced in the Scientific Background material, but with the tendency that in recent years more and more works are cited.	0
La estructura se compone de 6 comunidades de primer nivel, 2 bastante peque?as que hemos etiquetado C 6 Advertising y C 2 Health Social media; 2 de mediano tama?o, etiquetadas como C 1 Informetrics y C 3 Social Networks y 2 de mayor tama?o etiquetadas C 4 Communication y C 5 Information.	4
Limited by current technology, a simplified model referring to normalized citation is provided.	3
We suggest that “critical transitions” can be used to indicate disruption at the regime level, whereas disruption is developed at the trajectory level.	5
To address the first research question (the structure of international coauthorship networks), we calculated each matrix’s degree centrality and Gini coefficient by using UCInet 6.0 (Borgatti, Everett, & Freeman, 1999), a network analysis software package.	3
The findings indicate that the public universities in the country were partially involved with open science, even though the term is still new to most of the participants.	4
The probability of repeating retractions was estimated using a stochastic model similar to that pioneered by Simon (1955).	3
This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).	0
By viewing trends in authorship, one can assess the state of the specialty in terms of academic output.	5
We propose an original approach to describe the scientific progress in a quantitative way.	1
We assessed journal impact using the 2015 CiteScore, which measures the average number of citations that articles published in 2012–2014 received during 2015.	3
The size-normalized indicator, transformative activity index (TAI), was also calculated for each state to understand relative growth patterns.	3
The Scopus database was systematically searched between 1 January 1998 and 15 May 2023, in order to retrieve the worldwide lit- erature concerning immunonutrition in relation to cancer, with the keywords 'immunonutrition' and 'cancer'.	2
This study documents the evolution in co-authorship in the social sciences over 30 years period.	5
This study did not collect data pertaining to the quality of the journals.	0
In this case the Yahoo! URL mentions obtain an adjusted R2 = 0.82.	4
To measure the effect of ‘collaboration with top-funded scientists’ on a scientist’s performance (the number of articles), a regression equation is fitted to the available data.	3
Finally, this bibliometric analysis of the global research environment on the invasive FAW contributes to the understanding of research patterns, collaborative networks, and novel areas of interest.	5
Finally, the article acceptance rate would be likely to grow from 26–27% to 35–55%.	5
The correlation between tweets and citations for Nature articles is positive and appears quite sensitive to the publication date, discipline and Twitter user type.	4
They were located in 14 different countries which were allocated to the same GS/GN schema as the country of residence in the online survey.	2
The diversity of referenced WoS categories is measured by Shannon entropy (Yan, 2016)	0
Our dataset contains full time faculty members' gender, seniority (full and associate professors are senior; assistant are junior), and publication record (including collaborators) from Scopus between November 2014 and May 2015 from Scopus API via http://api.elsevier.com and http://www.scopus.com.	2
We conclude that these results further illustrate that it is time to design new peer review mechanisms to avoid reviewers' biases about authors' previous work, their gender, their nationality, or years established in an area of research.	5
Are any differences in ratings between the two groups explainable by other measures of applicant qualifications and quality, available before hiring decision (e.g.	1
Overall, the main motivations for depositing an article as a preprint were to increase awareness of the author's research and to disseminate their findings more quickly, which is in line with Fraser et al.	4
The findings from estimation results, impulse response functions, and forecast error variance decomposition support the view that scientific areas have diverse structures.	5
Here we propose a set of concrete actions that various stakeholders might take in the near-term, and that research funders, database producers and search engine developers might take in the longer term.	3
This measure of density of citation per page presents a significant growth over time, from around 1.75 in 1972 to 2.50 nowadays.	4
It is perhaps to be expected that loosely defined groups of like-minded researchers within academic fields will tend to study similar questions with overlapping methodologies.	0
Our findings indicate that the continent's research emphasises medical and natural resources disciplines to the detriment of disciplines supporting knowledge based economies and societies.	4
Similarly, by sorting patents citing G-T patents into the various collections, we find that G-T patents were cited by mostly G-T patents only between 2009 and 2012.	4
The collaboration type was determined based on the address of each author, with the term "independent article” being assigned if the addresses of the researchers were only in one country.	3
Furthermore, if the link between scientific relevance and number of citations is a correlation, the conclusion is that for evaluating individual researchers, no type of citation-based indicators should be used; peer evaluation seems to be the only reasonable alternative.	5
I provide an exemplar of a mid-level model of science funding allocation that incorporates bibliometric data from scientific publications and data generated from empirical studies of peer review into an epistemic landscape model.	1
First, multiple indexes including Publishing Country, IF, Impact Factor Without Journal Self-Cites, Immediacy Index, citable items, Eigenfactor Score, and Average JIF Percentile were compared among the eight journals by use of 2014 JCR (published in June 2015).	3
A strong association was found between acknowledged entity and scientific domain, and acknowledged entity and entity type.	4
This paper utilize linear mixed-effects model (LMM) to investigate how green investments affect ESG ratings.	3
Second, what are the consequences and influences of the intertwined doctoral mentor-international mobility?	1
Within the USA, researchers with European family names dominate, with 85 % of the total in astronomy and 75 % in oncology.	4
Bibliometric data is used to localize scientific activities related to DNA Repair at the city level.	1
This analytic point about the antipathy between innovation and evaluation can be made more pointed by looking to bibliometrically-oriented studies of scientific work that shows a high degree of innovation or novelty.	3
To allow such comparisons, we propose a universal metric that takes into account the number of co-authors: the Author Contribution Index (ACI), calculated from the percentage contribution as per Eq.	3
We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms of scholarship.	0
Bibliometric analysis shows that Australian universities are performing very well in the field of educational research compared to world standards.	5
Therefore, we also use this keyword to search and download the bibliographic records of 217,143 journal publications related to nanotubes from the Web of Science.	2
The main objective of this paper is to complement the international collaboration studies in two ways.	1
Note: Bars in each cell indicate the share of articles collaborated by CERN and the corresponding country (column) in the corresponding year (row).	0
It is presented instead to show the large degree of progress that can be made toward creating such an instrument, and the likely advances in insight that can be realized in the interim, if scholars studying risk perception and science communication make adapting and refining admittedly imperfect existing measures, rather than passively employing them as they are, a routine component of their ongoing explorations.	5
Where the definitions of c(i), and p(i) are the same as above.	0
In this paper, we set out to advance the understanding and empirics of the effects of research governance on the epistemic and structural dynamics of scientific fields.	5
The proposed measure is thus named BCCCC (Bibliographic Coupling with Category-based Cocitation).	3
The evidence clearly points to unique terms in article titles associating with lower citation impact in all disciplines.	5
The primary finding highlights notable gender disparities in research method usage, even within the same research topics.	5
To test this assumption, we used the Journal paper group for statistical analysis.	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 63(11):2195-2205, 2012	0
In reporting the persistence of his collaborations, I will operationalize the notion of the “length of collaboration” in terms of years of publishing together.	3
This study addressed only articles with the titles related to institutional repositories that were published between January 1993 and August 2017.	2
Furthermore, the longer the citation time window, the more accurate the bibliometric approach becomes in predicting future impact.	5
We will write R for the set of the real numbers.	0
The authors in Medicine assign the highest importance for the PubMed database while giving second and third places for MEDLINE and Scopus databases respectively.	4
We observed that the scientific output per student was not homogeneous.	4
The period of research production analyzed is 2008-2012.	2
This disproves the “parasitic” and “parachute" research by Western higher education institutions that is recently being debated in the context of internationalization.	5
Our definition of open access was based on the Budapest Open Access Initiative (http://www.budapestopenaccessinitiative.org), which requires that an article may be freely re-used for any lawful purpose providing attribution is given to the authors.	3
However, we currently limit such definitions to degree centrality of articles.	0
Received 21 April 2022; Received in revised form 8 July 2022; Accepted 23 July 2022	0
In the bibliometric analysis, performance analysis and science mapping are two major approaches for exploring a specific research area.	3
The study found that countries ranked in the lowest quartile for human development and gender equity had the lowest levels of female contribution to scientific output, but found little difference in the higher quartiles, suggesting that levels of development and gender equity are imprecise predictors of gender equality in science.	5
The majority of the articles reached a citation peak two years after publication.	4
Our study was conducted using bibliographic references recovered from the Scopus database.	2
Among these 11 monograph titles, we identified 2 titles that displayed this pattern: Participatory Planning for Climate Compatible Development in Maputo, Mozambique and Social Media in Southeast Turkey.	4
Our findings indicate that geographical biases affect public perception of research and influence the results of grant competitions.	5
Nevertheless, both databases were complementary and contributed to show marine mammals' research in South America.	5
The USA was the most productive country in the field of obstetrics and gynecology, and published the highest-quality research, according to the analysis of cumulative and median IF.	5
Our search on the existing literature began with the objective of identifying possible research gaps and ended up with the following research questions.	1
In May 2016, UCL Press invited Knowledge Unlatched Research and the CCAT at Curtin University to engage with it in a collaborative research project, exploring the extent to which readily available data could shed light on how and why a global community of readers were engaging with UCL Press books.	1
The authors thank Justin Calvin Schaefer for English proofreading and an anonymous reviewer for helpful comments.	0
China has a long history in the development of ophthalmology and contribute a lot to the world.	5
The 50 most cited articles on topics relevant to facial plastic and reconstructive surgery were identified, with a combined number of 9793 total citations (Table 1).	4
While international collaboration appeared in several clusters, the % of papers in Q1 (Top) journal quartile, based on citations, was in almost all clusters.	4
The Q1 journal (Acta Obstetricia et Gynecologica Scandinavica) flipped at the beginning of 2022 and the Q3 (Journal of Maternal-Fetal and Neonatal Medicine) and Q4 (Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology) journals flipped at the beginning of 2023.	2
Coursaris (2014) Social Media Research: An Assessment of the Domain's Productivity and Intellectual Evolution, Communication Monographs, 81:3, 285-309, DOI: 10.1080/03637751.2014.921720	0
This article has explored the results of the five-year evaluation (2003-2008) and aims to introduce this method to other developing countries.	1
To measure the extent of collaboration, three measures were used on the level of single publications: (a) The number of authors measures the extent of collaborations in total.	3
After some vicissitudes the business was trans-ferred to Silvertown, where the British Alizarine Company carries on a large and successful manu-facture of alizarine dyes.	0
As our study sample we choose all the journals listed by the Italian National Agency for the Evaluation of the University and Research System (ANVUR) under Class A, Area 10, as of 24 March 2014.	2
The areas of 'biologics' and 'drugs, med chem' are found on the left, 'construction' and 'vehicles' on the right and 'domestic appliances' in the centre.	4
This study investigated the perceived prevalence of various types of research fraud among faculty in the social (e.g., economics, psychology, and political science), applied (e.g., health care, public health, and engineer- ing), and natural (e.g., biology, physics, and astronomy) sciences at research- intensive universities in the United States.	1
1 Dendrogram of cluster analysis of 24 LIS journals in China	0
Moreover, the costs associated with the acquisition of the software required are within reasonable reach of most universities.	0
Proposition 2 We must apply an analysis in a relevant manner to the unit process of policymaking.	4
In this example, the units positioned in the grey area seem to have been excluded, since the level of exclusion in this area appears to be quite high, which of course is dependent on the cutoff that was defined.	4
For philosophy this approach discourages a metaphoric of universal divisions that run through the whole discipline, but encourages one that stresses a strong interconnect-edness of many smaller and larger subfields.	5
Bibliometric measures were assessed using a subscription bibliographic citation database (Scopus, Reed Elsevier, London, UK), with the data cross-referenced with PubMed/National Center for Biotechnology Information (http://www.ncbi.nlmh.nih.gov) data to ensure consistency and adequate capture of data for surgeons who have moved across institutions.	2
This study showed an increase in publication activity in AF research.	5
This article examines ethical, organizational, and economic strengths and weaknesses of such platforms, as well as usage and uptake to date, to scope the opportunities and threats presented by funder OA platforms in the ongoing transition to OA.	1
In addition, 32.6% of the journals were included in the SCI-E, and 70.9% of the articles in SCI-E were included in the Q4 and Q3 scope.	4
Evolution of the FT List of Selected Journals from FT40 to FT45 to FT50.	0
It was shown that topical scientific communities are “small-world” networks.	5
To analyze the role of the productivity and the impact in the evolution of scientists' research interests, we considered scientists who have published at least 100 papers in the CS field.	2
All of the RPYS-CO analyses agree with the RPYS analysis to a surprisingly high extent.	4
Walters is Dean of Library Services and Associate Professor of Social Sciences, Menlo College, Atherton, CA; he may be contacted via e-mail at: wwalters@menlo.edu.	0
A hierarchical cluster analysis of the web-citation network using the average similarities between the members of the clusters resulted in ten groupings of universities.	3
In all three fields the importance of industry-university collaborations increased, albeit to different degrees.	4
Correspondence should be sent to Duane Knudson, Department of Health and Human Performance, 601 University Drive, Texas State University, San Marcos, TX 78666.	0
Our result shows that HDP is more sensitive and reliable than the other 2 methods in both detecting and tracking emerging topics.	4
Analyzing the positive, negative, and neutral sentiments of the citing authors helps to determine the importance of a research article.	5
From an affiliation perspective, more than 90% of authors have an academic background and are in direct affiliation with educational and/or research institutions (Figure 2).	4
In March 2017, we searched in the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E) section of WoS to identify articles with the following string: TS = neuro* OR WC = Clinical Neurology OR WC = Medicine, General & Internal OR WC = Neuroimaging OR WC = Neuroscience OR WC = Radiology, Nuclear medicine & Medical imaging.	2
To appraise the academic environment of medical institutions in Taiwan, we obtained the FAP documented from all 12 medical schools and analyzed the adaption of traditional and non-traditional research evaluation criteria based on the methodology developed in an international cross-sectional study [3].	1
When comparing the complete two sets of ‘highest journals published- in" and "highest journals used”, we found only 7 titles that appear in both.	4
This study analyzes the relationship between team heterogeneity and innovation performance in 255 university research teams involved in interdisciplinary cooperation.	1
However, returnees performed relatively better in interpersonal behavior, subject mastery, instruction, and learning resources.	4
This was a qualitative study of APT documents from the 18 schools of nursing in Fiscal Year 2014 who received over $2 million in NIH funding.	2
An article with Greek affiliation was defined as any article in which at least one of the investigators was based in an institution operating within the Greek borders.	2
We would like to thank the reviewers for their thoughtful comments and efforts towards improving our manuscript.	0
We used a panel provider through the Qualtrics survey platform to recruit survey respondents.	2
The Slow Science movement, promoted in France by the anthropologist Joel Candau in 2010, represents an interesting stance which effectively highlights the counter-productive idiosyncrasies of a science admittedly of excellence, but excessively fast-tracked and centred on its own performance, like a targetless projectile.	5
The study of international collaborations can help in understanding the benefits of such relationships and aid in developing national financing policies.	1
Cited impact (average citations per cited paper) of SCI-indexed microbiology papers.	0
All correlation coefficients are at least at rs = 0.88.	4
We found regular lab meetings to be critical in socially constructing a research team and producing research ideas.	4
The variance of citations explained by these factors is 0.171 (adjusted R2 = 0.148).	4
We do so by the bootstrapping process that follows.	3
In total, 62 852 authors, accounting for 82.8% of all authors, have collaborated with others.	4
This is because the required data can be retrieved from a single literature database.	0
Keywords analysis: VOSViewer was used to do a keyword analysis on the titles of the articles for each field.	3
To develop a taxonomy of the journals in the WC according to their specialization / interdisciplinarity in the citing/cited dimensions and the combinations thereof.	1
Medical Informatics (MI) and its most relevant field of Computer Science (CS) are chosen in the case study.	1
We conclude that the alt-index can be adopted to measure the social activity of publications in situations where there is agreement amongst various social media channels.	5
According to the analysis, the explanatory capacity of the resulting model is 67.4 percent, which was measured using the Adjusted R2 (Table 4).	4
Our approach was to first check for citation and quotation accuracy in selected library science journals, and then to consider the implications of the types of errors found and what lessons could be learned.	3
News and World Report (USN) for sociology graduate departments.	2
We utilise 3 examples to build a comparative analysis of ways in which the REF is becoming organised in asset-like ways, the mechanisms involved in monetising future REF income in the present and the consequences that follow from this activity.	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 62(1):1–18, 2011	0
As many as 45 recent Nobel laureates were in top 6000 scientists in terms of c, a composite score introduced by Ioannides et al. (2016).	5
A cross correlation across the 6 data variables shows high correlation between them indicating that high productivity (measure of research output) and high citation go hand in hand in this data set (Table 2).	4
The plausible explanation is that the gender-science cliche remains strong in (some) authors, so that they do not feel the need to check.	5
Fifth, female authored papers have higher proportion of international collaboration as compared to male authored papers.	5
From the perspective of volume, the publications of Hong Kong tripled from 1996–2000 to 2012–2016, reaching in the latter period a total of 135,724.	4
Our statistical model indicated a significant correlation between TCC and Mendeley readers though, no correlation with AAS.	5
Our findings clearly point out such differences as well as distinct relationships between some relevant factors for FAW and the economic situation of countries.	5
Stephen Hilgartner, Steve Sturdy, Robert Cook-Deegan, and other members of the Advisory Board of our project devoted considerable time to provide us with guidance and commented on earlier drafts of the papers.	0
Besides China, the increases of centralities of Spain and Italy are also significant.	4
In total, 37 neurosurgical units were found in the United Kingdom and Ireland, which we ranked according to h-index.	4
The study finds enormous inequality in the distribution of published articles and their influence, based on the authors' ethnicity and institutional affiliation.	5
However, papers with female first authors obtained, on average, slightly worse peer-review scores and were more likely to be rejected after peer review, though the difference varied among journals.	4
To structure the analysis we have used the SCOPE framework designed to enable planning and conducting evaluations responsibly.	1
The results showed that hospitality research is focused on the empirical testing of relationships rather than theory building.	4
Note: R, values are all statistically significant at beyond the .01 level.	0
The analyses presented show that non-economic factors associated with the specific nature of the research profession can be crucial determinants of mobility decisions.	5
How do Twitter network communities form and what do these communities represent in the altmetrics Twitter network?	1
We found higher prevalence of misconduct than earlier surveys.	5
We explored the knowledge foundations, research areas, authorships, spatiotemporal patterns, and the trendy.	1
To answer the third research question, the 457 retraction notices were grouped by time of publication into those published before 2010 (n = 78) and those published since 2010 (n = 379).	2
The raters varied considerably in the severity/leniency of their ratings.	4
In both waves, sample respondents were drawn from two higher learning institutions and four research institutes in the province of KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.	2
The overall question of how international mobility of scientists contributes to knowledge transfer cannot be solved with this single publication.	1
The Upper Atmospheric Research Collaboratory (http://www.si.umich.edu/sparc/) and the Environmental Molecular Sciences Collaboratory (http://www.emsl.pnl.gov/) are good examples.	0
Our results further demonstrate the value of publisher-provided metadata to improve the transparency in scholarly publishing.	5
Nearly 600 articles in 88 questionable journals were published by German authors in 2010–2020.	2
The findings demonstrate the effect of threshold on machine learning outcomes (e.g., the top 1% and 5%); therefore, the study argues that the decision about threshold selection should be carefully made.	5
Publication trends from 1993 to 2016 – Table I (RQ 1) indicates that publication of articles on open access journals in SSCI increased from 1993 to 2016, and can be divided into 3 periods: the zero period (1993-2002), during which no articles on open access journals were published; the emerging period (2003-2008), in which fewer than 7 articles on open access journals were published per year; and the proliferation period (2009-2016), during which more than 7 articles on open access journals were published per year.	5
The title, authors, year of publications, article type, journal source, country, institution, number of citations, decade published, citation density and level of evidence were recorded and analyzed.	3
Geometric means were used to compare the average number of Microsoft Academic, BKCI and Google Books citations to books because the arithmetic mean is not a proper central tendency indicator for highly skewed data and the median is also not suitable to differentiate between citation counts with many zeros in the data sets (Thelwall, 2016b).	3
Networks were analyzed using igraph package in R.	3
Although the PLE is the focus of HBPLE, it was not the most influential concept.	5
Simple effects tests revealed that men serving as open reviewers reported greater interest in seeking clarification (M = 5.90, SD = 0.54) than did men serving as blind reviewers (M = 5.61, SD = 0.56), F(1,193) = 4.52, p = .035, ηp2 = 0.023, 95% CI [0.02, 0.56].	4
It is proposed that within-university research activity assessments should be made based on the ratio of active researchers, namely.	1
This study uses Altmetric.com as its source of information and the Altmetric Explorer to extract the references to scientific articles that are included in Wikipedia articles.	2
Descriptive bibliography and visualization using software CiteSpace II were used to analyze research published in journals indexed in the Web of Science Core Collection and determine and explain development trends.	3
Unsurprisingly, given the relatively young age of altmetrics (Erdt et al., 2016), we found that traditional metrics are more well-known and used by more scholars than altmetrics.	5
(2018), retrieving 17,445 articles published between 1 Jan 1996 and 31 Dec 2018 from the 15 journals and conference proceedings listed in Table 1.	2
Based on the Power-Weakness paradigm originally introduced by Ramanajucharyulu for ranking players in a tournament, we show how this idea can be modified under a bibliometric setting to find journals that contribute proportionate inbound and out- bound citation flows within a homogeneous citation network to the extent that the power to influence and the weakness to be influenced by other journals are in near equal measure.	1
The papers that were internationally collaborative with authors being from different global regions have a scaling exponent for the power-law correlation with citation-based performance of 1.25 ± 0.06.	4
However, a librarian could reasonably claim that the IJNS is the safest option for prospective authors to publish their research, as its SNIP value will probably increase and the journal will likely retain its prestigious status in the future.	5
The aim of this study was to evaluate where research into biomedical publication is published and to discuss relevant solutions that may increase the visibility and availability of the published research.	1
For example, Organisms is classified as a level 1 MeSH term (category B), Aedes is classified as a level 14 MeSH term, and the hierarchical structure Organisms/Eukaryota/Animals/Invertebrates/Arthropods/Insect a/Pterygota/Neoptera/Holometabola/Diptera/Nematocera/Culico morpha/Culicidae/Aedes represents a branch from the broadest term Organisms to the narrowest term Aedes.	0
For the first dataset, we used the CMPCM because it has been shown in previous work to fit the data better than a negative binomial model (Forthmann & Doebler, 2021).	3
Our data consists of two sets of bibliometric data obtained from the ISI-WOS index.	2
We used local regression (LOESS) to visualize the increasing, constant, or diminishing marginal returns of research funding.	3
The analysis indicated that subjective norm was the most powerful predictor of the PST intention to use AI for inquiry, with AI literacy being the second most powerful predictor.	5
The number of LIS PhDs increased from 4 in 1994 to a peak of 100 in 2011, as shown in Figure 1.	4
The law then appeared in print as a brief paper in Zator Technical Bulletin 136 in December, and as an editorial the next year in American Documentation (1960).	0
By combining network analysis with text mining, the goal of the present study is two-fold: 1) to identify research trends pertinent to autism treatments, by discovering novel interactions among different therapeutic groups in autism research; 2) to identify drug repurposing opportunities for autism and proposing possible new scientific hypotheses by novel interactions among drugs discovered from step 1.	1
Although we extended the set by more than an order of magnitude, the topic model still distinguished topics on the basis of considerations other than semantics (e.g., statistical or linguistic characteristics).	4
Keywords: internationality, local journals, Spanish scholarly journals, journal evaluation, communication sciences	0
The CJA score for an article with a JIF of 20 can be up to three times the threshold for promotion to Assistant Professor.	4
Using the substantial historical knowledge of the developments in the Danish research policy as our analytical framework, we then use visual inspection to examine the time series for noticeable changes or breaks in the long-term trends in the output indicators.	3
We used the Ethical Climate Questionnaire to survey the staff (teachers and administration) at the three schools, and used the research integrity and organizational climate (RIOC) survey for early-stage researchers at the three schools.	3
The informal social structure of the hospitality management literature was analyzed by collecting authorship data from seven hospitality management journals.	2
The main results indicate that a combination of key papers, bridging researchers and multidisciplinary impact might help track potential ‘Charge type' breakthrough developments.	4
In this article, we briefly discuss the development of feminist praxis, the act of exercising feminism, and the role of feminist academic publishing in shaping scholarly discourse.	1
The proof of Proposition II.2 is elementary and is left to the reader.	0
Kuruppu is science and technology librarian, Iowa State University Library, Ames, IA; he may be contacted via e-mail at: pkuruppu@iastate.edu.	0
In this experiment 84 % websites are relevant to the initial subject in the core extension and the value of subject cohesiveness (69 %) means generally every community in the map is relatively subject-cohesive internally.	4
We examined the text of 291 articles originating from the United States and published between 1992 and 2012 that were retracted for research misconduct (Fang et al., 2012), and recorded NIH grant numbers cited in footnotes or acknowledgments.	2
Actually, Narin, probably becoming aware of these problems, when he started to build his analytic version of the SCI on the basis of the 1973 tape, dropped the project on clustering journals in favor of a more pragmatic approach to delineating subsets of journals.21	0
This paper presents an alternative method involving the extracting and analysis of mentions to map and analyze links between scholars and texts in periods that fall outside the scope of citation-based studies.	1
Counts of links to and from Taiwanese universities against science and social science research productivity (inlinks – SSCI)	0
The number of Articles in Table 2 and following tables do not correspond to the ones reported on Table 1.	0
On average, the 299 leading journals in economics have 2YIF that is inflated by a factor of 1.442 through journal self-citations.	4
Table 1 Estimated distribution of hits in Google Scholar, based on researchers with a maximum of 10 hits	0
After selection those documents that bore the same PubMed Identifier (PMID) and three or more KW Plus terms and two or more MeSH terms were included in the study.	2
Preliminary results of this study were presented at the 11th International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators, Leiden, September 10th, 2010: Dag W.	0
As a result of the fact that the p-value is greater than .05 in each instance, there is no significant difference in the productivity of the two genders as revealed by the analyses of data collected from the two bibliometric databases.	4
Results of the first analysis identified large disciplinary communities in the center of the bipartite network, whereas smaller ones were more distant.	4
Despite the high impact of acute and chronic pancreatitis on the global burden of disease, no scientometric evaluation in this research field has yet been conducted.	1
(2) The citation behavior and domain impact of authors positively influence the scientific knowledge evolution, respectively, in the 63.2 % and 78.3 % sample networks.	4
*x2= 22.5, df 9, P <0.01; x2 = 17.3, df 9, P < 0.05; x2 = 24.0, df 9, P <0.01.	0
According to the results above, divergences among diversity results of one-dimensional diversity schemas are relatively larger than those in other dimensions, indicating that the three basic properties of diversity are mutually independent.	4
The system chosen was the UNESCO nomenclature, since, although outdated, it still constitutes a widely used classification system (Ruiz-Martínez et al.	3
We conclude that entrepreneurial nascency is just one of several descriptive components used in academic studies.	5
This makes it difficult to observe the effect on citation impact produced by the research guarantor approach.	0
The 22 divisions have been listed in Table 1, along with their categorisation into STEM and non-STEM classes.	2
Using NL data as a benchmark, and noting the similarity between NL and T2 statistics, we developed a method to renormalize author metrics when publication and coauthor rates exceed specified thresholds.	3
Receiving a PhD from a top 10 graduate program remains negatively associated with the number of articles published after starting a first assistant professor position.	4
tf z,d has been used as weight of term z.	3
This is an observation that should always be kept in mind when discussing internationality and academic journals, since it is obvious that there is a great difference between a journal publishing articles by authors from two neighboring countries and another journal publishing authors from all over the globe; i.e.	0
For this purpose, a Co-citation Analysis of other journals that affect the intellectual structure of the journal is presented.	3
An easy-to-understand, informative title may help bridge the gap between scholar and social media dissemination.	5
Altmetric Attention Scores showed strong correlation with other article metrics (r = 0.48 to 0.97; p < 0.001) but weak correlation with h5-index (r = 0.14; p < 0.001) and sum of times cited without self-citation (r= 0.14; p < 0.001).	4
The data used in this study were obtained from the WoS database.	2
The first to refer to Dotter's previous work was a German cardiologist working in Switzerland, Andreas Grüntzig (also spelled Gruntzig or Gruentzig), the inventor of coronary balloon angioplasty (Fig.	4
To infer gender we used a methodology outlined in the "Gender Profiles in UK patenting report".	3
To identify those components, we employ a tabu search procedure that maximizes the value of the weighted links within each cluster and minimizes the weight of the links between clusters.	3
For reasons of space, we shall concentrate in what follows on methods for evaluating the scientific contributions from basic research.	0
The objective of this investigation was to describe the demographics of federally-funded emergency physicians and identify key challenges in obtaining funding.	1
The article was deemed eligible for bibliometric evaluation if it was a randomized (RCT) or nonrandomized (N-RCT) controlled clinical trial, retrospective study, case reports or series, in vitro study, in silico study, or a systematic review.	3
These disciplines consisted of: (a) the subject area of ‘Psychology' and (b) the 19 categories not containing the word 'Psychology' for which over 2,500 SSCI articles was published in 2007.	2
The cumulative IF and citations of articles from USA were the highest.	4
On the other hand, 29,940,090 Chinese articles published between 2008 and 2015 were indexed by VIP under 457 subfields (disciplines), ranging from 1,667 articles in Physics, Condensed Matter to 4,223,457 articles in Education & Educational Research In the 115 selected disciplines.	2
Our companion research (Youtie and Bozeman 2014) shows that only 40 % of collaborative teams has such explicit discussions about co-authoring credit, and only 31 % of these discussions are before or at the start of commencement of the research, suggesting that most explicit discussions, when they do occur, are in response to problems after these problems have occurred, thereby minimizing the usefulness of such explicit discussion.	4
For international readers: Afrikaans is the second academic language of South Africa, and it was useful that GIS has the same meaning in Afrikaans as in English.	0
(b) Which of the co-author network indices (degree, closeness, betweenness, and PageRank) contributes most to bring the international awardees in the list of top-ranked authors?	1
The retrieval strategy is Subject = “earthquake” or “earth shock” or “earthdin” or “temblor” or “seism” or “seismology.”	2
This study systematically investigates this role for the first time, using evidence from UK Research Excellence Framework (REF) 2021 impact case studies (ICSs).	1
However, the new (and somewhat unethical) “solution” gives institution A, pp · √1/2 from the paper written by the scholar at institution A, but also the same from institution B.	4
We create communities using the Clauset-Newman-Moore hierarchical agglomeration algorithm, from the adjacency matrices between authors.	3
Thus, in the research presented in this paper, we combined social network analysis with semi-structured interviews with key authors to develop a typology of co-authorship styles.	3
The last Section is conclusions and future works we intend to study in depth.	0
it is a means of claim by authors for the approval of their intellectual property.	0
Weighted megacitations can be especially valuable if they are used in conjunction with regular book/journal citations, and "libcitations" (i.e., library holding counts) for a comprehensive assessment of a book/monograph's scholarly impact.	5
Based on this study, the USA maintains global dominance for both WOK (Web of Knowledge) and WOS (Web of Science) TRS publications.	4
the total publication output of cities, and the linguistic, historical, cultural and economic ties between the countries in which cities are located) [13], but one of the most important ones seems to be the disciplinary profile of cities.	5
Our objective is to describe and analyze the publication output of those countries that were most active in the field between 2011 and 2020 according to the data retrieved for this category in Web of Science Core Collection.	1
A portfolio is defined as a set of publications associated with an individual, an organization, a subject matter, or other units of interest.	2
Mendeley (161,470 saves), Twitter (37,537 tweets), and Facebook (1,650 posts) were most popular.	4
For the 715 subjects with the HSG score and Scopus h-index available, p was 0.2173 (P<.001), also indicating a weak positive correlation.	4
They pursued research in the field of experimental medicine—the crucial field in vaccine science—and their patenting records are evident.	4
The study categorized survey participants into three categories: readers, personal record managers, and community members.	3
Our results suggest that honorary authorship does occur in a significant proportion of the physical medicine and rehabilitation literature.	5
Documents assigned with the medical subject heading "Aged, 80 and over" were retrieved from MEDLINE and the Web of Science.	2
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
“Discussion and conclusion” gives the conclusion of the study and directions for future improvement.	0
Scale: I - Strongly disagree; 2 - Disagree; 3 – Neutral; 4 - Agree; 5 - Strongly agree.	0
For price, we gathered information on 13,571 journals from the 21 largest publishers by volume of output.	2
Cairo emerges as a central hub for this activity, contributing 81.58% of total downloads.	4
The “Panel Data” method combines such longitudinal data with cross sectional data to enable more precise modeling.	3
management, marketing and business logistics, human resource management, etc.	2
In 2015, 87% of programs responding to the workforce survey reported to ASPHO that APPs were regular members of their PHO clinical care teams (see Supplementary Table S2).	4
We sought to examine whether regional biomedical journals in Africa had policies on plagiarism and procedures to detect it; and to measure the extent of plagiarism in their published original research articles and reviews.	1
The analysis presented in this paper shows that the two bibliometric databases examined tend to gradually reduce the number of old omitted citations, although this reduction is relatively slow for both.	5
No pattern could be identified for the 31 articles with zero subsequent citations.	4
In Social Sciences and Humanities, in which Chinese scholars publish few WoS articles compared to the large number of publications in national journals, WoS does not represent Chinese research activities.	5
Scholarly monographs published outside the U.S. represented the largest proportions of references, with large growth in references to volumes of collected essays published in the United States.	4
To conduct a bibliometric and altmetric analysis of the top 50 most-cited articles on small incision lenticule extraction (SMILE) surgery and assess its correlations with other metrics.	1
Which subject areas of LIS were popular (i.e., publication count) and influential (i.e., citation count) in Korea for the past 10 years?	1
Data collected were analysed using descriptive statistics which involves frequency counts and simple percentages.	3
However, the quantity and quality of breast cancer research was low for some Arab countries.	5
We use a sample of 20 Nobelists in Chemistry, Economics, Medicine and Physics and track their h-index, g-index and total citations in Google Scholar on a monthly basis.	2
The positive impact of research output is not surprising because research publication is a catalyst for economic growth as it facilitates new ideas, new methods and new products and technologies which improve human capital and ultimately economic growth.	5
Based on its objectives, this study was designed to answer the four following research questions:	1
The disciplinary classification of journals used in our paper is that of the US National Science Foundation (NSF).	2
We are grateful for comments by the editor, Daniel Sturm, and the two anonymous referees.	0
This paper aims to examine the influence of authors' reputation on editorial bias in scholarly journals.	1
The data were gathered between May and October 2018 through a survey administered by an Australian online survey company, with no payment incentives offered to participants.	2
Two means of evaluating the citations of journals and conferences are explored: h5 and average citations per paper; it was found that h5 has certain biases that make it a difficult measure to use (despite it being the main measure used by Google Scholar).	3
H-index brought around 30.88% awardees in the top 10% of the ranked list.	4
My conclusion for the predictive model is "that publications in top journals and high impact publications have a high importance in predicting who will attain future excellence, which in turn implies the importance of the overall publication output" (Lindahl, 2018 p 530).	5
It also appears that the format of the chosen titles had no effect on citation rates, but that papers that obtained the highest citation rates were written with colleagues rather by Hartley alone.	4
To exclude articles written outside mainland China, a filter of "Countries/territories" was applied first by choosing "Peoples R China" in searching the ISI Web of Science.	3
For clarity we formulate the definition of the IN and OUT h-degree in a directed network.	0
In this analysis, the average citation numbers per document in the field of management from 2003 to 2012 were 5.06, 9.61, 7.55, and 5.61 for papers published by authors from Mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Macau, respectively (Table 2).	4
In total, the number of authors with at least one publication in that period is 2,014,025, and the number of papers written by those authors in the dataset during that period is 3,874,066.	2
From 1982 onward, the production of documents indexed in both databases has been steady, with a substantial increase in innovation policy research since 2005.	4
A citing article is considered a domestic citation (DC) if any of its authors are from the same country as one of the authors of the cited seed article (Fig.	3
While most scientists claimed international collaboration was important, their actual participation in such collaborations was much lower.	4
In this work, we use the fact that the Research Scholarship PQ is an indicator of the quality of her/his work.	3
For the calculation of the correlations between the results of PCA (and FA) and F1000Prime scores, we performed a robust, negative binomial regression (NBREG) [27,28].	3
We further used STATA 16 for regression analyses (StataCorp 2016).	3
Several bibliometric studies have used the quartile classification method in their scientific performance analysis, that is, the statistical method that divides the set of individuals analyzed into four intervals: quartiles.	3
A maior concentra??o dos títulos ocorre na Inglaterra, nos Estados Unidos e na Holanda, com Fator de Impacto inferior a 1.	4
Based upon these definitions, zero journals fell into the Poor category, three fell into the Fair category, and forty-five fell into the Good category.	4
We analyze the statistics of publication and new co-authorship rates for Nobel Laureates as a reference for expected rates of path-breaking and high-value research, and compare these statistics to those of Stanford's list of Top 2% scientists (Ioannidis 2023), which includes ~ 200 thousand researchers.	3
Only 79 (48%; 95% CI: 41-56%) have held an active grant from any of the three funders between 2006-2017.	4
3) Is there an association between the methodological quality of the evidence syntheses and whether they indicate that the publications have been retracted?	1
Only one participant indicated that he or she had a background in both disciplines.	0
In this study, we utilized the AWS to select the top 10 cited authors and presented information on their collaborations and research themes through coauthors and MeSH terms.	5
Of the 2435 Twitter accounts analyzed, which shared 877 papers from researchers linked to the UnB, the vast majority (69.3%) are “individual accounts" or personal profiles.	4
Discipline-specific comparisons indicated that in social sciences, returnees and nonreturnees were significantly different in terms of interpersonal behavior (F(1,411) = 10.02, p < .01, η2 = 0.032) and subject mastery (F(1,411) = 5.07, p < .05, η2 = 0.018), implying that social returnees received relatively higher positive ratings than nonreturnees concerning interpersonal behavior (returnees = 4.01, domestic = 3.72) and subject mastery (return-ees = 4.00, domestic = 3.80).	4
Using Expression 1 for searching WoS returned 639 results only, as shown in Table II.	2
In this time period, there are more same-gender co-authorships than would be expected, and fewer cross-gender co-authorships than would be expected.	4
Thus we reject both Hypothesis 3a and Hypothesis 3b in terms of the higher influence of government grants in Canada rather than in the US.	5
We use Google's PageRank algorithm to make up the deficiency indicator, in order to improve the indicator further.	3
Also, we will utilize propensity score matching (PSM), for causal inference, to examine how mobility influences the scientific outcome.	3
In this paper, we use Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) citation as a proxy context for the diffusion of an innovation.	1
(3) “all citation sources are equal" (citing-side normalization).	3
The results suggested that the use of emotion adjectives and those of the baseline adjectives followed similar developmental pattern with large effect sizes (Baseline adjectives: F(1, 49)=118, p=1.21e?14, Multiple R2=0.7065, Adjusted R2=0.7005; Emotion adjectives: F(1, 49)=146, p=2.612e?16, Multiple R2=0.7488, Adjusted R2=0.7436).	4
When being given informative features, the model helps estimate merging error rates.	1
FIGURE 4 Average change in groups of 10 (ranked by total publications, 1996–2015) [Colour figure can be viewed at wileyonlinelibrary.com]	0
Glenda Armas Noda for their important comments on the development of this paper.	0
In this study we operationalize the concept of excellence in accordance with recommended best practice and use the percentile-based citation indicator “top 10%” (Bornmann 2013, 2014).	3
As predictive power of FV gradient is confirmed, it can be regarded as an effective method for prediction of likely paradigm shifts and added to the tool kit of research evaluators and policy makers.	5
The equations generally overestimated (sometimes greatly) future h indices and increasingly so as the target year moved increasingly ahead.	5
over 55 years, including his service and retirement period.	4
The principal component analysis is used for factor extraction.	3
Author contributions Conceived and designed the analysis: Giacomo Vaccario, Matus Medo, Nicolas Wider, Manuel Sebastian Mariani.	0
The analysis revealed a significant growth in MRI research inside Arab countries, as shown by an increase in the total number of publications and international collaborations.	5
They also found that combining positive (e.g., congratulatory e-mails) and negative (e.g., not allowing future resource requests until adjudication is complete) triggers can increase compliance with publication attribution requests.	5
The study type was classified as basic, clinical or review according to the protocol used in other bibliometric analysis1o: a) clinical article subtype, included among others, clinical trials and cohort studies; b) basic science articles, included in vitro, biomechanics and material studies as well as and cephalometric studies where research variables were not involved in the treatment or diagnosis of patients (examples of basic articles are studies about CBCT or digital casts reliability); c) reviews.	3
A total of 8485 articles had records in Financial Crisis in SSCI and it was more than previous research 2727 papers (Chiang and Yang 2012).	4
The combination of scientometric procedures with density-equalizing mapping reveals a distinct global pattern of research productivity and citation activity.	5
These criteria resulted in a database consisting of 614 articles, including 90 articles from Brazilian Journalism Research, 361 articles from Vestnik Moskovskogo Universiteta.	2
We also sought to determine whether TrendMD's effect on citation counts are specific to particular disciplines or consistent across all disciplines.	1
Overall 199 articles were identified, with 897 authors/co-authors, 359 of which are associated with Brazilian institutions.	2
A vast majority of study participants fell in the moderate category of attitude score.	5
Between 2012 and 2015, there was a steady increase in the amount of clinical care delivered by APPs in PHO practices as reported to ASPHO by division directors.	4
These models, which use network centrality of the citation network, coauthorship network, and a dual network combining the two, significantly outperform simple predictive models based on citation counts alone.	4
The questionnaire was piloted in late 2002, and then advertised on a number of discussion lists including:	0
All normalized citation indicators including percentiles data were retrieved from the analytical tool InCites.	3
The problem of identification of women scientists was addressed by various means.	3
When the publishers were viewed from the economic zone perspective to which their host countries belong (as delaminated by World Bank), it was found that a maximum of 2,006 publishers belong to 47 high income countries, followed by 1,020 from upper-middle income countries and a minimum of 43 from eight low-income countries.	3
I focus my analysis on social science and education literature – disciplines first shaped within colonial institutions, and currently	2
The Relative Paper Score (RPS) is easily computed as the ratio of the observed and expected scores.	3
The core purpose of the paper is to bring new insights into the field of OGD by a bibliometric study.	1
The most commonly used bibliometric indicators include the total number of studies, the total number of citations, and the h-index (Hirsch 2005; Gaviria-Marin, Merigó, and Baier-Fuentes 2019).	3
Red Zone Journals: PESS faculty's 198 articles were found in red zone journals out of 235 (so-called recognized) publications in the corpus.	4
The inputs of the model are the word lists extracted from titles and abstracts of articles after we remove the stop words.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
By extension, Risklick AI also presented an F1 score of 97.59%, while clinicaltrials.gov had 88.57% (Table 1).	4
Overall, the results show that research output has positive impact on economic growth, irrespective of whether the sample is for developing or developed countries.	4
Nevertheless, we acknowledge that the decision to focus entirely on journal articles is controversial.	0
The normalized Eigenfactor was the only global impact factor index that correlated highly with local journal metrics.	4
The findings are particularly interesting: international collaborations have a stronger effect on the Italian research quality index than single authorship and national external collaborations (i.e.	4
This study addressed the conceptualization of the societal impact of research from the perspective of programme evaluation, by focusing on the three 'result' elements of logic models: outputs, outcomes, and impact.	1
Therefore, the main source of data for this study has been Scopus, obtained through SciVal.	2
The next peak was in 1989, reaching almost 3,000 information sources.	4
Based on meeting registration records exported from the NACP’s online database, we found that 808 unique participants had attended the four NACP meetings between 2007 and 2013.	2
In addition, grants information from more than 250 funders provided 3.7 million grant objects representing 1.3 trillion US dollars of funding and, by mining acknowledgments sections and use of PubMed data, resulted in 8 million links to grants and 32 million funder acknowledgments.	4
In terms of the number of articles contributed, Michel Laroche, affiliated with Concordia University, and Jean-Charles Chebat, affiliated with University of Montreal, are tied for first rank, contributing 39 articles each to JBR between 1973 and 2017.	4
Subsequently, the investigation delves into the intricacies of Ukrainian academic journal publishing, encompassing a historical overview, the contemporary national reality, and quantitative analyses.	0
We collect data on Chinese PhDs who graduated from the top 50 economics, physics, and statistics departments in the US over the period 2000-2014.	2
In essence, both databases were complementary and contributed to giving an updated picture of marine mammals' research in South America.	5
For the scientific impact, Scopus is selected as the source of journal citations, since Scopus covers all areas of scholarly published papers and can be accessed freely by the public.	3
We use Scopus database and the timespan of our research covers 2001–2015 years that allows us to identify key points in development of research landscapes of BRICS countries.	2
The citation metrics were obtained using the Publish or Perish software (www.harzing.com/pop.htm) in April to May 2014 for the universities in the top 500 and in January 2015 for the ANZ universities.	3
This research reveals that there are more similarities than differences between the two subject encyclopedias.	5
Of paramount significance is our discovery of an intriguing inverted U-shaped relationship driven by the number of disconnected components within local collaboration networks.	5
The dataset is a part of ArnetMiner dataset (Tang et al., 2008) including the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) publications in the field of computer science.	2
The dependent variable in each model is the number of authors.	0
The survey targeted researchers and academics in SSA countries, excluding South Africa.	2
The objective of this study was to assess publication trend in Arab countries in breast cancer and compare it with non-Arab Middle Eastern countries.	1
In Figures 2 and 3 we see, not surprisingly, that the number of citations decreases in more recent years.	0
The results show that gender parity is far from being achieved in MENA.	4
In each of the detected cases, the same or significantly similar - texts were published two or more (up to 73) times.	4
The collective RWIF for Pakistani top-ten universities comes to 1.185.	4
At the country level, the results suggests that UK collaboration with other high research-expenditure economies generates higher quality research, even when the countries produce lower citation impact journal articles than the United Kingdom.	4
We measure interdisciplinarity by highlighting its main dimensions: the number of fields embedded in a paper (Variety); the evenness of their distribution (Balance), and the similarity between them (Disparity).	3
The results appear in Table 2: in the table one can find the significance of the results and the size of the overlap for every pair.	0
We pre-processed the data (details are provided in Appendix A) to remove from the analysis papers with incomplete information, ending up with N = 18 193 082 unique publications and E = 109 719 182 citations.	2
Finally, the 100 top-cited articles from the 128 psychiatric journals were recorded.	2
We used the Altmetric.com application programming interface (API) for extracting tweet identifiers for any tweets that mentioned either any of the three retracted publications or their retraction notices on Twitter.	3
Our findings suggest that audiences who use status cues or respond to promotion on social media to allocate their attention to early work could be overlooking potentially important science emanating from China in particular, which is home to a rising proportion of global scientific findings (Xie and Freeman 2019).	5
Following two new citation models called ‘black-white swans' and 'swan-groups' that described interactional citation phenomena in the key publications of Nobel laureates, we find that there are 'associated-sleeping-beauties' in ‘swan-groups' in the field of physics and economics, which means that the phenomena are established in both science and social science.	1
The proportion of articles published in journals with journal impact factor (JIF) > 25 was higher in 2017 than in 2012 (12.3% vs 9.8%).	4
Moreover, we have used the most-updated Journal Citation Reports (JCR) 20183 version for identifying all the subject categories for the calculations of the indicator.	2
All but one were removed from the Index in 2012, with the final one delisted in 2017.	4
Which metric, early usage counts or early Mendeley readership, performs better in predicting the future academic citation impact of articles?	1
School of Social Sciences and Welfare Studies, Mitchell College of Advanced Education, Bathurst, NSW 2795.	0
This study can provide insight to researchers, research institutions and grant funders for improving the policy impact of research.	5
We aimed to compare traditional citation and alternative impact metrics for articles in popular general radiology journals.	1
The horizontal axis of the graph in Figure 3 registers the rank value assigned to each one (article, author) pair, in accordance with the number of 1-gen citations received.	0
For the two laboratories studied, the production of value starts by turning some of their resources into assets that can be used within and outside their laboratories as part of productive systems.	4
The list was downloaded and compiled into a Web of Science (WoS) query, to get the citation data for the individual papers.	2
Finally, this data set reveals regional differences that correspond with access to different social media platforms.	4
It is concluded that the bibliometric approach proposed is useful when applied on a large scale.	5
An incidence rate ratio was applied by using a multiple Poisson regression model (α=.05) to assess the association between funding and each bibliometric parameter.	3
The impact of publication in international collaboration is 2.56 while non-international collaborative papers have 1.15 citations per publication.	4
show how this therapeutic antibody exerts its beneficial effects.	1
Note: Here we see the evolution, on an annual basis, of the modelled topics from the LDA analysis, each topic as a % of the total.	0
The survey instrument was adapted from a survey developed and executed by Alma Swan and Sheridan Brown in 2004 in the United Kingdom.	3
This study presents a thorough examination of the development of academic publications in the fields of cybernetics and economics, focusing on the ECONOMIC COMPUTATION AND ECONOMIC CYBERNETICS STUDIES AND RESEARCH (ECECSR) journal.	1
The United States, China, Japan, India, and Germany occupy the first five ranks (Fig.	4
For our entity linking approach, we selected Wikipedia as a reliable knowledge catalog and employed the TAGME software for the extraction of meaningful phrases and their association with Wikipedia entities (Ferragina & Scaiella, 2010).	3
The results tend to be consistent with these expectations and it is clear that multiple authorship leaves a footprint on the style at least of the title, and thus also perhaps the style of the paper itself.	5
For the purposes of the study, we used the tools of the "Antiplagiat" plagiarism detection system.	3
Instead, we use a technique called topic co-clustering to discover clusters of related abstracts and clusters of related terms.	3
We collected faculty data from formal academic institutions in three different and multidisciplinary areas: (i) information; (ii) policy; (iii) neuroscience.	2
The article focuses on the robustness of rankings of academic journal quality and research impact in general, and in economics, in particular, based on the widely-used Thomson Reuters ISI Web of Science citations database (ISI).	1
The contribution of the current study is that it proposes two sets of quantitative topic attributes.	5
The research questions of this paper are: First, are NPs more disruptive than non-Prize-winning articles?	1
However, there is a risk that this approach might lead to a heavy dependence on these funds and thereby hinder academic publishers from exploring a more competitive and sustainable way to do business.	5
We conclude that different types of digital intensity matter for alternative components of the production function.	5
This study would be useful for linguistics research and for collection development of libraries, particularly academic libraries that need to support researchers in linguistics.	5
Furthermore, we observed that there was a notable increase in similarity between CIE papers and those that cited them, indicating that information disclosure contributes to generating new knowledge.	4
We acknowledge in advance the inadvertent injustices which we may do in summarizing the work of others and urge readers to examine the original papers listed in the bibliography.	0
All surveyed and interviewed academics came from the public sector, as in other European CAP and EUROAC project countries, with a total of 17,211 usable cases from 11 countries: Norway, Italy, Germany, the Netherlands, Finland, Ireland, the United Kingdom, Austria, Switzerland, Portugal and Poland.	2
Bibliographic records of articles published in these journals for the period January 2006-December 2015 were downloaded from Web of Science (WoS).	2
Furthermore, we also considered who cited HSS articles so that overall citation counts are divided into citations from HSS (Win3hss, Win10hss) and those from HS (Win3hs, Win10hs) in both a short and long term.	3
Such research is essential for shaping the more expansive guidelines that are needed to serve the various constituencies in STEM research and publishing communities.	5
The ratio of scholarly monograph and scholarly monograph chapter to journal articles was slightly higher among the literary dissertation bibliographies than it was for the overall combined dissertations.	4
Aquaculture projects had greater publication impact, per funded dollar than fisheries projects.	4
This is a pre-print of a paper and is subject to change before publication.	0
In order to obtain fuller sets of publications related to the four themes in chemistry, we used Bibmet, the in-house version of Web of Science at KTH Royal Institute of Technology, Stockholm, Sweden.	2
Using data retrieved from WoS and Scopus at university professor level which is then aggregated at university (school) level, our goal is to answer the following five research questions:	1
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data are within the paper and its Supporting Information files.	0
Its virtues lie in its restriction to clearcut instances of boundary-crossing behavior.	0
We further suggest that such an action might indicate a pattern in a mentor-mentee relationship within an East Asian culture influenced by Confucianism, which strongly emphasizes social hierarchy and harmony (Zhan and Wan 2016; Zhang et al.	5
On average, the best normalization procedure achievable with our data generates a 95% reduction of the IDCP term.	4
On November 14th 2017, from the database Web of Science, for the period 2009–2016, we acquired data concerning the publications (type Articles) published in the SCIe and SSCI indexed journals, where the reprint author is from the University of Belgrade.	2
Additionally, 92% of studies used redundant keywords in the title or abstract, undermining optimal indexing in databases.	4
Scott Long; Department of Sociology; Washington State University; Pullman, WA 99164.	0
See in the ‘Data collection’ section for a description of the data collection steps	0
After 2008, patents cite NIH-funded research 12-27% more often.	4
The study was restricted to articles and reviews and, therefore, abstract of conferences, bibliographical articles, book reviews, editorials, letters, reprints and news were excluded.	2
Talent proved to be assessed differently across the various phases of the selection process, and panels change the way they discuss applications and reach agreement.	5
With 23 yearly articles, IJLM contributed 689 specialized research papers on Supply Chain Management (SCM) by 2019.	4
Participants appreciated that the measures were similar to those currently in use, comprehensive, relevant across disciplines, and generated using a rigorous process.	4
What types of services are now required of academic librarians to support open access and improved scholarly communication?	1
Data collection involved an extensive search of the ISI-Web of Knowledge database.	2
Trends of self-citing rates of 11 plastic surgery journals from 2009-2015.	0
We determined endorsement prevalence and typology by journals in extension-related fields.	1
We then present a case study of journal publishing at one South African university to identify existing journal publishing practices in terms of open access.	1
Collaborative scientific regimes are slightly becoming intersectoral, however UWS remains an academic discipline.	5
Not surprisingly, 150 records, the highest number of articles were published in the domain of Business & Management; 35 records, 16.2% of the total, are parts of Informatics & Computing, and the rest 30 records, 14.36% of the total, were published in Linguistics & Communication.	4
How Big We Make Silicon IR Domes is Still a Secret	0
The older file was then used to identify publisher size and various characteristics of the journals kept and removed.	3
We sampled 14.3% of funded projects (grant awards) from each year between 2001 and 2018 (one to four grant awards per year, totaling 44 out of 310 total grant awards).	2
The papers were also classified by their research level (clinical observation or basic research) and main types of research (metabolics, diagnosis, epidemiology, genetics, pathology, prognosis, quality of life, radiotherapy, screening and surgery).	3
An Altmetric Explorer search was conducted for articles published in the 91 dental journals included in 2015 InCites?	2
The dominant trend in mainstream psychology is neuroscience, which has held its dominance since the late 1970s.	4
Indeed, being featured on the cover is found to signal scientific prominence, rather than enhance it.	5
In our study, we conducted a similar cross-case analysis following the previously reported method (Van Balen et al.	3
The main challenge of the proposed fuzzy distance is that it depends on the shared keywords of the domains, which are far less than unshared ones.	5
CiteSpace software, which was developed by Chen (2006), provides a function of burst detection to identify bursting keywords.	3
From 1997-2007, the proportion of poorly cited articles declined slightly (52.1% to 46.2%, trend P<0.001), although the absolute number of poorly cited articles increased by 2,595 (trend P<0.001).	4
Furthermore, the high-quality subnetwork was highly compartmentalized, with several modules representing a small number of poorly interconnected communities, and negative assortativity.	4
Figure 5 presents numbers of online-based open access journals by year with an almost 35,865.22% increase over time, according to the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ).	2
In the long term, I believe we as social scientists need to move beyond the paradigm in which a single study can establish a definitive result.	5
Regarding the reference term extraction problem, our research question is: Do the topics derived from a collection of CCs of a cited article accurately represent the relative reference terms appearing in different CCs?	1
The terms on which this article has been published allow the posting of the Accepted Manuscript in a repository by the author(s) or with their consent.	0
Each scientist's publication record (regardless of funding) prior to 2009 is constructed using the disambiguated version of the PubMed scientific article database developed by Torvik and Smalheiser (2009).	2
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
The final corpus processed through bibliometric analysis consisted of 1852 articles.	2
In this article, we document a negative shift in the production function for new scientific knowledge as measured by invention disclosures at one federal laboratory, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, over the first 16 years of the new millennium.	1
We similarly create a database with the 4,089 currently tenured or tenure-track faculty, along with emeritus faculty, at US PhD-granting departments ca.	2
The numbers mentioned in the text are given in italics in the table	0
A publishing performance (PS) measure was calculated by having participants list up to ten journals they had published in over the 2006 to 2011 period.	3
Overall, RIS researchers participated in 60.43% (n=2393) of the Spanish scientific output on HIV, with a slightly higher average number of citations per document (15.92 compared to 14.15 for scientific output not linked to these groups) and with a lower rate of uncited documents (only 7.19% of the documents compared to 13.34% for scientific output with no RIS researcher participation).	4
observed a two-dimensional superconducting state in the material MoS2 that was surprisingly immune to a magnetic field applied in the plane of the sample (see the Perspective by Suderow).	4
We compare 12 different in-text citation frequency-weighting schemes in the field of library and information science (LIS) and explore author citation impact patterns based on their performance in these schemes.	1
A Pearson correlation was used to test faculty perceptions of the importance of library support for their research using a ratings scale from one (not at all) to nine (extremely important).	3
Firstly, the “Similarity Threshold level” yielded a score of 64%, which points to a substantial amount of copied text from the appeal for reversal (the reference text) (4,079 words) into the lawsuit (the questioned text) (18,768 words).	4
In this paper, we are going to present answers to the following two questions: (1) how do we define the boundary of project-based teams?	1
The study suggests that GCs in co-authorship are indeed not just the largest lump of connected nodes; rather they may represent, irrespective of their size or sparseness, the very seat or nucleus of intellectual activity in the community.	5
Table A: (Continued) CL areas: (a) Business School, (b) Development/Growth and Systems, (c) Econometrics, (d) General, (e) History and Thought/Methodology, (f) Macroeconomics	0
Peer-reviewer training programmes can help researchers build their peer review and writing skills and enhance participants’ understanding of disparities in publishing.	5
In 2001-2005, 92.9% of all articles originated from high-income countries; this contribution decreased to 78.3% in 2011-2015.	4
The findings of this study confirm the direct and positive relationships between transparency, satisfaction and research output.	5
A key insight for the development of alternative assessment modes is that certain conditions seem to insufficiently assure responsibility in assessment.	5
Each of the above definitions is accurate although they vary in the amount of detail provided.	0
En 2006, EPI comenzó a ser indizada por las bases de datos internacionales de bibliografía científica entrando en un ciclo virtuoso que le ha llevado a ampliar su ámbito temático de una forma exitosa, empujándola a niveles de impacto y de excelencia superiores a los originales de la revista.	5
This study has clearly shown that indeed some publications classified as editorial materials could play a role as publications subject of citation analysis.	5
RP/year exponentially increased from 2.1/year to 10.5/ year for residents and 0.5/year to 10/year for medical students, resulting in a 400% and 1900% increase in RP/year, respectively.	4
Additionally, three network maps were constructed in NetDraw (Borgatti, 2002): a network map including all countries that published at least one article related to COVID-19, an ego-network map of the US' COVID-19 collaboration network, and an ego-network map of China's COVID-19 collaboration network.	3
Second, we searched for the full text of articles in Groups A, B, and C by articles' Chinese titles using http://scholar.google.com.hk, accessed via public Internet rather than a campus or other institutional network.	3
The original wording of Oberski (1988) concerning the motives is somewhat different from that given here; values for similar motives are averaged.	0
The Fi value is higher in research paper called SOFC than in CAPITAL, EIS-manual, RABBIT, PRINCE and JONATHAN corpora.	4
The primary purpose of this research is to examine the perceptions of Vietnamese ECRs and MCRs towards the factors and attributes that make a good journal.	1
The majority (84.5%) of these highly cited articles originated from the USA (65.3%), UK or Canada, though the proportion of other countries increased in recent years.	4
It could be a first step of clustering to separate articles based on their lexical information, before diving into relevant subsets with more delicate and complex clustering methods.	5
To explore inter-annual trends, we made Pearson correlations between the year and the yearly percentage of publications that multidisciplinary journals devote to a) the top-30 areas of knowledge (according to the total number of publications) and b) the area "Biochemistry & Molecular Biology".	3
The empirical study presented here investigates how multiple affiliations are organised in terms of purpose and origin, and academics' motivations to co-affiliate, something that cannot be inferred from bibliometric data.	1
Hypothesis: Publishing case reports reduces a journal's IF, bringing into question whether they should be published.	1
Note: Pearson correlation coefficients of all available data for each indicator.	0
The vitality of topics addressed in ESWA to solve real-world problems boosts the progress and advancements of knowledge in this journal.	5
RQ 1: What is the overlapping level between KM and IM based on the terms represented in both research areas?	1
In contrast, decisions related to publication recency, multi-author publications, and clustering publications into subareas have less impact.	4
While agglomeration effects in the research (funding) system are neither unwanted nor inappropriate per se but expectable and well-documented in previous studies of the research system (see above), in this particular case they run squarely against the purpose(s) of the programs under study, which is to provide young researchers with the opportunity to build their own research lines.	5
The next section of this work describes in detail the data, methodological approach and measures employed.	0
The quality of reporting was assessed considering the adherence of CC and CO studies to STrengthening the Reporting of Observational studies in Epidemiology (STROBE) checklist, and the adherence of SR and MA to Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) checklist.	3
The analysis was based on master's theses and doctoral dissertations submitted by the Department of Information Technology and deposited into the web-based institutional repository and involved analyzing the various references cited.	2
However, this article should not be interpreted as an argument that qualitative peer-review judgements, or mature overview by experienced humans, should have no role to play in university evaluations.	5
1 Centre for Ageing, Neuroscience and the Humanities, Trinity College Dublin, Trinity Centre for Health Science, Tallaght University Hospital, Dublin D24 NR0A, Ireland	0
Ultimately, of the sixteen faculty members we contacted in the first year of implementation, six did not respond.	4
in the upper tail of average impact distribution.	4
A collaboration network (ColNet) is a special type of SN, in which the actors represent researchers and the link between them indicate that they have co-authored at least one paper.	1
The results indicate that such fame grows substantially between the approximate ages of 30 and 70 and again after death.	4
A critical issue in this debate is the lack of ability to reproduce and replicate results described in published articles (Bakker, van Dijk, & Wicherts, 2012; Bergh, Sharp, & Li, 2017; Cuervo-Cazurra et al., 2016; Ioannidis, 2005; Open Science Collaboration, 2015).	1
Keywords FWCI · Field-weighted citation index · Topic prominence percentile · Impact · Visibility	0
We would like to draw to a close on a cautious note.	0
We constructed citation networks by regarding papers as nodes and intercitations as links.	3
This suggests that Microsoft Academic could be a useful alternative source of citations for books that it indexes or when BKCI is not available for evaluators, research committees or funders.	5
a Cleveland State University, Nance College of Business Administration, Cleveland, OH 44115, USA	0
Received 14 July 2023; Received in revised form 3 January 2024; Accepted 8 January 2024	0
An analysis of Figure 3 revealed that the best ranked features (in decreasing order) for each of the considered datasets were:	0
The findings make profound that African countries should prioritise and engage their limited resources in areas of national priorities.	4
More than 25% of graduates value community influence, 70% of graduates attended medical congresses, 12–15% presented papers at medical conferences, 23% wrote medical articles, 10–15% published at least one scientific paper in medical journals, and 20% participated in medical school research projects.	4
Scopus, on the other hand, offers retroactive citation statistics, so its citation and self-citation data were collected for the end of each calendar year, as well as in each paper's five-year anniversary.	3
To identify all relevant neuropsychiatry journals, these lists were crosschecked with the list of neuropsychiatry journals published in The American Psychiatric Publishing Textbook of Neuropsychiatry and Behavioral Neurosciences by Yudofsky and Hales.	2
We manually extracted the names of all authors and their affiliations from the trial publications.	2
The third and last strategy for field delineation relies on citation analysis and it is the one adopted in this study.	3
This work extends that, on the disciplines, already reported in D'Agostino (2012, 2016, 2019).	0
Third, topic popularity can impact the promotion effect of funding on team performance.	4
We retrieved full bibliometric records from ISI-Web of Science of the publications produced in the period from 2006 to 2009—the most recent year for which the complete list of production is available.	2
Iterative query optimization makes it possible to identify a maximum number of hits for most ASEBDs.	3
We find the NSC Gini Index correlates highly with anomalous patterns across multiple “red flags”, each suggestive of RLM.	4
To address this gap, we examine the extent to which different funding types are jointly used in publications, and to what extent certain combinations of funding are associated with higher academic impact (citation count).	1
Pearson's correlation coefficient (r) was calculated to determine if the high citation numbers obtained were related to parameters characteristic of articles.	3
To test the effects of the Big Five personality traits, we employ responses to two items for each trait as suggested in Gosling et al.'s (2003) ten item personality inventory, or TIPI (though see Bakker and Lelkes 2018).	3
The research reported here concentrated on physicists; however, I suggest that the h index should be useful for other scientific disciplines as well.	0
The unusual citation profile of the 1985 Physics Nobel Prize paper has been analyzed.	1
The highest correlations are among the three variants of impact factor, i.e.	4
CT surgery trainees are publishing fewer BSR papers.	5
As can be seen, the choice of the data source has a major influence on the evaluation results.	4
In contrast, cancers contribute to ~5% of the burden, while their publication share is almost 25%.	4
The degree of efficiency, a, is by no means a target for researchers or analysts to judge the impact of a researchers' output.	5
3) – number of citations received by a paper in the recent year 2014, and Co (ref.	3
For RQ4, the two articles with the highest share of citations from each of the six sections were investigated to assess whether their unusual position reflected section-specific types of impact.	3
The above scientometric analysis provides the quantitative empirical basis for observing how knowledge production trends are not evenly distributed across space, time or topic, supporting similar work on marine and coastal research globally [9,50].	5
Besides clear and evident cases of scientific fraud, most cases are intended or unintended questionable research practices.	0
We study how common Sleeping Beauties are in science.	1
The research output of West African countries is very much in line with their population size.	4
OR-MS appears in both subject category and research area as a single research field and includes a total number of 228,399 publications as of October 2012.	2
We find that topical authority and publication venue are crucial to these effective predictions, while topic popularity is surprisingly inconsequential.	4
When α is set to 10, MAP of PBC is 23.32% better than that of BC (0.4908 vs.	4
Due to the complexity of collaborative team networks, social network analysis metrics and network science approaches have emerged as tools for understanding and improving collaborative team science programs (Nagarajan et al. 2011).	3
The second overlay, corresponding to the Basque Country region in Spain, has required access to the INVENES database of Spanish Patent and Trademark Office (OEPM) in order to determine the region corresponding to each Spanish patent where applicants are located.	2
We identified 15 peaks in the spectrogram of Figure 1: in the RPYs 1951, 1956, 1959, 1961, 1966, 1970, 1972, 1976/1977, 1979, 1983, 1985, 1989, 1995, 1997, 2000/2001.	4
The Dimensions database served as the data source to extract relevant publications in forest science from 2000 to 2021 based on the database's publication-level field classification.	3
This paper provides a bibliometric overview on the papers included in the ESI database in the field of operations research & management science.	1
All authors gave final approval for publication and agreed to be held accountable for the work performed therein.	0
100 records are randomly selected from the sample dataset and are coded by four coders independently.	0
This council, based on peer-review assessments carried out within the framework of advisory work for the allocation of competitive funding to excellent research environments (which provided longer term external funding to cutting-edge research), proposed 15 environments to be included in the study with the aim to identify common factors that characterise dynamic and innovative environments.	2
The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest concerning this article.	0
Data from the Journal Scholar Metrics for Social Sciences (Figure 4d) shows that only Universitas Psychologica is located in a high quartile (Q2).	4
2017; Mehmetoglu and Venturini 2021) with correction for attenuation and as implemented in cSEM package: Rademaker and Schuberth 2020) was used to estimate the parameters of the Tradition and Business models.	3
The present study applies quantitative analyses of citations of scientific publications to find highly cited articles and summarizes research hotspots and trends on L&P research articles from WOS during 1993-2012 using statistical analysis of words in titles, KeyWords Plus, author keywords and co-keywords.	3
in only 12 fields out of the 173 analyzed, there is, in fact, a significant positive correlation between the productivity of universities and their degree of specialization in the field.	4
The study uses a Logistics Regression and Zero-Inflated Negative Binomial Regression model to explore factors influencing open-access publication and citation rates.	3
To summarize, the combination of the three dimensions mentioned (i.e., citation vs.	3
Our research shows that 226 CELJs (57.8%) have an international publishing partnership with publishers such as Springer, Elsevier, and Wiley.	4
Journal publication frequency has a correlation with journal impact factor (Liu, Liu and Wang 2012).	5
we find that the premature death of an inventor has no significant negative effect on their coworkers and second-degree connections.	4
As a result, there has been a growth in deposit rates and overall compliance.	4
The Communication Layer handles direct interactions with the CORE web API.	3
This paper focuses on ranking computer science departments based on the quality of publications by the faculty in those departments.	1
RQ1: What are the highly cited (high-value) articles in interdisciplinary research?	1
We analysed citations data for papers published in six selected tribology journals, with their 2018 impact factors ranging from 1.037 to 3.517.	2
Publishing in peer-reviewed journals is essential for medical education researchers.	1
The aim of this paper is to make a review of new Russian scientometrics landscape and to explain the reasons why it has changed.	1
The publication data used in this analysis was obtained from Elsevier's Scopus raw data in November 2018 based on a full data snapshot from end of April 2018 and focused exclusively on research articles.	2
Cole, Social Stratification in Science (Chicago: The University of Chicago Press, 1973).	0
Therefore, principal component analysis (PCA), which reduces the total number of variables required to explain variation in the data, by generating a handful of comprehensive “principal components" that effectively group correlated variables or indicators together, is much preferred in studies like ours.	3
But although this literature covers many research fields, only one systematic study of the practice of peer review in mathematics has been made, namely a study by Geist, L?we, and Van Kerkhove from 2010.	1
As the results in the table indicate, citations for single papers and journals as well as Mendeley readers are highly correlated with the first component.	4
Also, we have shown that ranking authors with the PI index is more robust than h-index with respect to self-citations, and we applied it to rank individual scientists offering some explanations for the reasons behind their publishing habits.	5
Nevertheless, when comparing their performance in other indicators, such as F? and cross-entropy loss, LightGBM performed better.	4
Arne Jakobsson, Director of Library of Medicine, Divisjon Rikshospitalet, University of Oslo, Norway for encouragement and help.	0
The OAPC dataset is matched with publication data taken from the WoS to add the document type.	2
Second, to a large extent, differences in country citation distributions can be accounted for by scale factors.	4
The oldest publication in the corpus dated back to 1962, when Raisig (1962) published his paper on the use of statistical bibliography in health sciences.	4
There is a lot of research on “sleeping beauties” and “flashes in the pan” literature identification studies (Li and Ye 2012; Li et al.	0
Related to population and research institutes, Denmark ranked first.	5
Clinical trials mean “better physicians”: questions on career improvement were asked to analyze the impact of participation in trials in terms of career opportunities.	5
Globally, nanotechnology research publications have grown exponentially for more than a decade[1].	0
Our primary econometric model is a parsimonious reduced form specification based on the Mincer equation of human capital: In Yiut = βo + B1Xiut + ?2TEACHiut + ?3DEMiut + Xi + Vt + Ejut.	3
This study has shown that mandatory training in open access is or was a requirement for only 14% of the 1,569 respondents to our survey, with only 27% of respondents believing that the current provision of open access training for doctoral students is sufficient.	5
Co-authorship patterns were investigated among South African authors publishing with authors of other countries in the region, with and without other non-African co-authors.	3
The Scopus citations were collected in February-March 2017 and the Mendeley readers were collected April–May 2017.	2
We determined whether medical students in the Netherlands who are involved in research, as measured by publication in international journals before graduation: 1) are more likely to publish, 2) publish a greater number of papers, and 3) have higher citation impact scores after graduation.	1
Next, to develop a comparison set of papers, we searched adjacent papers for these PMC articles with contributorship statements and WoS information, for up to two non-retracted articles, one immediately before and one immediately after the retracted paper, in the same issue of the same journal and including contributorhip information and a listing in the Web of Science, similar to Azoulay et al.	2
How do they reflect the scientific profile of NST and its evolution over time?	1
Survey data (Haley, 2022) through the Academy of Management (AOM) showed that management academics believed that management research had the greatest influence on other management academics, including current and future research and teaching; most believed that management research exercised little influence on broader social issues.	2
Original studies and short reports/brief communications were further classified into various categories and domains.	3
The top five countries in the research competency are the US, England, Germany, France and Australia (see Table 2).	4
An art historian may not formally cite such works as Guernica or Mona Lisa.	0
This study aims to validate an empirical model, at document level, that explains the inter-action among content, usage, and citation within open access publications.	1
Subjects with a higher Mendeley readership score strongly correlate with a citation in different user categories, and articles with less than 200 readership scores mostly tend to show a negative correlation.	4
Both mean and median levels of citations are greater for SENIC than the equivalent values for the overall nanotechnology field (4.7 and 2, respectively).	4
The RCR scores were extracted from the downloaded file from the iCite database, the CNCI values were extracted from the downloaded file from the Incites database, and the AASs were extracted from the downloaded file from the Altmetric database.	2
This study aims at conducting the first science mapping analysis of the Mediterranean forest research in order to elucidate its research structure and evolution.	1
The literature data are from the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection database on June 24, 2020, using Symmetry-Basel (we replace Symmetry-Basel with Symmetry below).	2
This bibliometric study is situated in the context of increasing awareness of inequalities in forest science.	1
The publications in the three studied decades were significantly different in terms of numbers and characteristics.	5
A recent peer review of a manuscript further reminds me of the fact that some practices regarding the use of Web of Science Core Collection may also hinder the reproducibility of many academic researches.	0
This case study is situated within the wider context of the multi-faceted string wars, where the very status of the string theory research programme as a science is contested, defended and asserted (Ritson and Camilleri, 2015).	3
To what extent does the citation benefit of having more authors vary from year to year in the social sciences?	1
We established a correlation of this ranking system to the Doximity / US News & World Report ranking, ranking of NIH funding, and ranking of program chairman h-index using Pearsons' correlation coefficient.	3
Use of Gastrointestinal Endoscopy Online is subject to agreement to the terms and conditions as indicated online.	0
HCP was computed as a portion of cumulative citations concerning well cited papers from the total number of citations of an individual.	3
Diversity of themes addressed in FV paths is commendable while SPC method was able to find more roots of a particular theme of evolution (RFID technology) or more contributory works that added value to it or that enhanced the evolutionary process to the level, we see today.	5
The representativeness of the aggregated units in relation to the general values for the universities is very low.	5
This analysis revealed that a significantly higher proportion of solicited papers were accepted for publication than papers submitted through the ‘traditional’ (non-solicited) route in 2017–2020 (2445 accepted/11 583 submitted; approximately 21%) (p = 0.0332, figure 2).	4
The inquiry provides one more testament against the universalism theory (cf.	5
Notice that EU has published more than 5000 papers in this field	0
In this work, we study the collaborative strategies among scholars' of different academic ages during three distinct time periods.	5
Conclusions: The present citation analysis provides insights into the historical progress and current trends in endodontics.	5
From Table 1, China is the country with the largest number of publications, followed by the United States, which contains 529 and 358 publications, respectively, accounting for more than half of publications in the field.	4
The final number of completed and eligible questionnaires was 10,547.	2
The terms map (abstracts and titles) of the 2000 most cited papers in the Wine + Grape-database in the 2016–2020 period.	0
The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and approving it for publication was Qi Zhou.	0
Hence the later patent publication years have a shorter period during which citations can be accrued.	0
However, in top institutions, students working with the most productive academics do not outperform others unless they co-author with their advisor.	4
Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group	0
a 'finished article' discourse rather than a 'we are developing' discourse and ?	5
Of those, 75 investigators responded for a response rate 44.9%.	4
The filtering of the retrieved documents took place, at first, by reading the title and abstract.	3
The data contain 161 rows and 15 columns: six perceived ease of use, labeled EOU1-EOU6, six perceived usefulness, labeled PU1-PU6, and three Use, labeled USE1-USE3.	2
As a result, records of 2547 articles were selected for subsequent analysis.	2
Open-ended comments are only one way of measuring the value of scholarly reading and library collections.	5
PPJ papers are continuously produced by all major countries, but with different prevalence.	4
(2010), Hamermesh and Pfann (2012) and Laband & Majumdar (2012), our focus is on empirical patterns in the subject of academic economics.	1
OA journals covered by Scopus (Elsevier) are indicated as OA if the journal is listed in the Directory of Open Access Journals, the Directory of Open Access Scholarly Resources, or both.	2
The accuracy of the proposed linker is 91.5% on this reference set, with 90.9% sensitivity and 91.9% specificity.	4
More specifically, to reveal the ICT knowledge infrastructure in South Asian countries (i.e., Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka), three research questions are addressed in this paper:	1
We recruited respondents using a number of blogposts and various solicitations on social media, including the blog 'In the Pipeline'.	3
Based on a normality test, we conduct a correlation analysis to investigate the relationship between six text attributes and four social media indexes, which affect the social influence of the paper.	3
The perfectionism index based on the TC-area, called the PI index.	5
This study measured the relative academic impact of articles by LIS practitioners by analyzing library and information science articles published between 2005 and 2014.	1
The metrics include (1) nationality/ies of each expert (927 total experts), (2a) language of each reference in the approved assessment report (22, 778 total references), (2b) country/ies of affiliation of the first author of a subsample of references (1,401 references across all assessments), (3) nationality/ies of affiliation of each reviewer (42, 107 total comments), and (4) languages in which the approved assessment reports are available for the public to view and download (Table 1).	2
A classical example of a size-frequency function f(j) is the law of Lotka: a decreasing power law as in the following equation	3
The analysis will cover the period from 2007 to 2023.	1
Retracted publications continue to be cited as valid studies after retraction notices had been issued and only 14 citations acknowledged that these publications were retracted.	5
For easy understanding, the above formula (Elango et al.	3
Analyses were conducted both at the journal level (unweighted data) and weighting journals by the 2010 article count, which changed the unit of analysis to the level of the article.	3
According to Scopus data, two-thirds (63%) of Ukrainian A&H publications during 2012-2021 are in English (63%), while only 12.9% are in the official local language – Ukrainian.	4
So, this study aimed at describing a challenging research misconduct in Iran, its related causes, and the ways Iranian authorities deal with it.	1
In alignment with the irreversible trend of OPR and against the backdrop of the Open Science Movement, this research aims to explore two key questions: (1) Based on a large volume of unbiased and objective data spanning an extended period within the current accessible resources, how does OPR correlate with both citation and altmetrics?	1
All articles in the top 100 cited were published between 1985 and 2010.	4
The interdisciplinary policies promoted at the three case studies counterattacked the tendency of the traditional university built on professional schools.	5
Full text downloads of AJTI articles have significantly increased during recent years.	4
Hence the main research question is to check whether the traditional research evaluation source of quantitative evidence, academic citations, undervalues AHFS DI Essentials references.	1
French publications in chemistry from 1977 to 1986 (Source: Chemical Abstracts)	0
The most common type of authorship pattern is two in which 34 percent collaboration is seen.	5
The survey of the groups in the DRG of CNPq happened in March 2016.	2
6, we consistently find that the specialized medical journals show much higher levels of epistemic community formation as measured by the percentage of recurring authors.	4
We approach these questions using a multivariate regression framework to help us understand the relative merits of alternative knowledge networks.	3
However, our analyses demonstrate that it is still a reasonable metric and effective in practice to evaluate a whole journal or a subset of Ki papers of a journal if the calculated κi is much smaller than the size of journal i and the size of subset is larger than κi—i.e., κi ?	5
Therefore, the idea is to build a network of keyword co-occurrences within a broad sample of DEA papers.	1
I originally thought of calling it “x index” because it is obtained by determining the intersection between the “number of citations” (y) versus “paper number” (x) curve and the y=x line, which leads to an x-shaped graph.	3
This paper is an analysis of potential predatory journals as well as potential poor scientific standards journals.	1
A modified version of P-index called value added index (V-index) is proposed here to take into account the average number of authors/paper to compute the total number of citations/author:	3
For an example of how to measure overlap using sampling techniques, see Provost and Nieuwenhuysen (1992).	0
In this study, we proposed a novel deep learning-based feature engineering approach that improves search capabilities by mining algorithmic-specific metadata from full-text scientific publications.	1
Therefore, to conclude, on the basis of the relevance that the use of knowledge from the central countries has, that there is a situation of cognitive dependence would be exaggerated or at least an excessively simplified statement.	5
Paper-to-patent citations were identified from the XML version of the PubMed Central open access articles (i.e., the PMCOA subset).	2
After creating a proposed draft of our local policy, we decided the next logical step would be to work with the university's Office of Legal Affairs to ensure that it would meet the legal standards of the university.	3
After cleaning the data, the Bibexcel software program was used to conduct the social network analysis and determine co-authorship.	3
The co-occurrence network of keywords shows a high clustering co-efficient (see Table 2).	4
We find that (1) collaboration among demographers has increased over the past 10 years, however, among co-authored papers, collaboration across institutions remains relatively unchanged over the period, (2) papers based on core demographic subfields such as fertility, mortality, migration and data and methods are more likely to involve multiple authors and (3) multiple author teams that are all female are less likely to co-author with colleagues in different institutions.	4
We propose a new metric called ‘alt-index', which is analagous to the h-index, but uses altmetrics data to measure both the volume and social media activity of scientific literature.	1
We then employ several diffusion indicators to gain insight into the diffusion patterns of the three software tools.	3
The results of logistic regressions indicate that the influence direction of six indicators and their significance are different, depending on the discipline.	5
Each school's faculty size, gender proportion, region, college age, and auspice also contributed to the predictive power of the model.	4
I then go on to explore the ways in which collaboration relates to epistemic and social aspects of knowledge – that is, to its content as rational claim and to its practice through the social systems of scholarly communities.	3
In this research, the extent to which publish or perish, a long standing evaluation criterion, led to scientific misconduct is examined briefly.	1
The most frequently used keyword was “oxidative stress” as it was the string used for searching in this study.	0
The interacted variables show that the impact of the supply shock on output is consistently negative and significant for mathematicians with high-quality coauthors and typically insignificant for mathematicians with lower-quality coauthors.	4
Oppositely, KM highlights the business, management and accounting realms in which topics like knowledge sharing and social networks, knowledge management strategies, and knowledge management projects are prevailing.	4
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/1468-4527.htm	0
This permits to compare the ranking by a given indicator with those obtained with a simulated unbiased sampling, and hence to quantify the overall ranking bias.	3
The figure indicates further that his median impact of only 3 years (1987, 1993, and 1994) is below the average in the fields; the median impact of all other years is above and, in most cases, far above the average in the fields.	4
Keywords: bibliometric analysis, citations, Google Scholar, nephrology, top 100 most cited articles	0
What seems clear at this stage is that the case for OS is commonly seen to have been strengthened by the pandemic and the attention OS received during this time increased.	5
This article is part of the topical collection on Nanotechnology Convergence in Africa	0
In this article, we used several procedures to extract the most important nodes and parts of the Citation network, obtained from the bibliographic dataset of the SNA literature.	5
The literature indexed by MeSH term “urban health” with the limitation of English (language) and journal article (article type), were retrieved.	2
In conclusion, we present the top 50 articles in the subspecialty of orthopedic cartilage surgery by the total number of citations.	5
68% (17 out of 25) of the funded papers have certain problems regarding the funding related information.	4
Different scientific fields have different citation practices, and citation-based bibliometric indicators need to be normalized for such differences between fields in order to allow for between-field comparisons of citation indicators.	5
(c) Is the Matthew Effect for CBP for inter-regional collaborative articles stronger than for intra-regional collaborative articles?	1
The sharp convex decrease is related to the first exponent, which dictates the distribution of lower ranks.	4
Or simply the case in which a high number of citations is the result from a high number of publications, each with a small number of citations, not individually reflecting a significant impact (Hirsch 2005).	0
Published under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) license.	0
The surprisingly high impact factor of articles that cite the HBR, which we observed in our own analysis, confirms earlier evidence that popularization media can gain prominence among management researchers although they only partly conform to the well-established rules of scientific communication (e.g., formal requirements, organized skepticism, theoretical and methodological foundations).	5
The centrality and density of each matrix were measured, and a strategic diagram was drawn.	3
Hypothesis 2, which states that the greater the academic collaboration is, the higher the likelihood of the Nobel laureates' scientific performance, is therefore supported.	4
The majority of articles are written by various research groups rather than one single author.	1
The second factor is, “By which methodology should interdisciplinarity be measured?”.	0
The computation of term weights based on a suitable R (and L') is necessary to allow a comparison of any documents di, dj for which the cosine measure cos (vdi, vdj) as one of the most often used tools of describing document-document similarity can be applied.	3
The number of articles published by the corresponding author was statistically significant associated with a higher OR of being cited: each previously published article increased the OR of being cited by a 2% (P =.03).	4
that the basic statistics C, C1,T and T?	5
In response, this paper investigates 2,448,055 citations to 2299 English-language highly-cited documents from 252 GS subject categories published in 2006, comparing GS, the WoS Core Collection, and Scopus.	1
In other words, the point that adjectives and adverbs may clutter scientific writing and make scientific texts less readable (Okulicz-Kozaryn, 2013) is evidenced.	5
evaluate the impact of health policies and programs (National Center for Health Statistics 2011a)	0
Oral Medicine (OM) is defined as "the specialty of dentistry responsible for the oral health care of medically complex patients and for the diagnosis and management of medically-related diseases, disorders, and conditions affecting the oral and maxillofacial region."	1
The KDR method yields many more publications and citation counts than the CDR method, shows better understanding of the university ranking results, and retrieves publications and citations in source titles outside those classified by the database.	4
The vertical axis records the number of online article views and the horizontal axis gives the age of the material consulted.	0
To explore the interaction among these top- ics, we calculate and analyze the co-occurrence between topics in all papers.	3
Referring to the study of Yu and Yan (2023), we set the retrieval type as TS=(“Bullwhip effect*” AND “supply chain*") and the timespan is set as 1997–2021.	2
All research articles in all journals for all subject categories in the multidisciplinary database Web of Science are considered.	2
Basic information about the articles was recorded, including number of citations, journal title, journal impact factor, time since publication, first author's country, topic/subspecialty of the research, and publication type.	3
Address correspondence to Sara Memmott, Eastern Michigan University Library, 955 West Circle Drive, Ypsilanti, MI 48197, USA.	0
We defined three fixed populations of authors from MENA: 2008-cohort, 2012-cohort and 2016-cohort, for authors who wrote their first paper in 2008, 2012 and 2016 (respectively) and published at least three papers in their career-to-date.	3
In this study, we adopt two main alphabetic author order indicators: 1.	3
The most cited article received 217 citations, of which 21 are from journals indexed in Clarivate Analytics' Social Sciences Citation Index.	4
In contrast, productive depth is knowledge generation or application that contributes to extending knowledge within a particular knowledge domain.	1
The WoS Core Collection was chosen as the sole data source for three considerations.	2
This study is helpful to construct a multi-integrated evaluation indicators system of academic journals' discourse power, and to evaluate academic journals comprehensively and scientifically.	5
5th Science, Technology and Innovation Policy (STIP) for detail please refer to https://dst.gov.in/sites/default/files/STIP_Doc_1.4_Dec2020.pdf.	0
Multidimensional: Covering the diversity of missions of institutions, and not just excellent in research.	3
This research explored the readiness towards the implementation of open science initiatives in the Malaysian Comprehensive Public Universities; both quantitative and qualitative research methods were implemented.	1
The majority of chemical database citations were written by authors affiliated with academic institutions.	4
On 1 September 2017 (WoS data last updated on 31 August 2017), the authors searched paper titles using the term “institutional repositories”.	2
Our results provide insights regarding the emergent state of the MOT and TE fields.	4
In the opinions expressed on the current communication sys- tem and options for publication, peer review and open data (Fig.	0
Descriptive statistics were used to analyze the published languages and number of EM journals, total number of journals in all categories, difference between the EM journal IF and the EM aggregate IF in each year since 2003, and the fold increase in EM journal citable items between 2003 and 2019.	3
School of Information Systems, Technology and Management, The University of New South Wales, Sydney 2052, Australia.	0
In this study, we undertook a cross-sectional study comparing the characteristics of three types of biomedical journals, namely (1) potential predatory journals, (2) presumed legitimate, fully open access journals, and (3) presumed legitimate subscription-based biomedical journals that may have open access content (e.g., hybrid).	1
We were interested in having a similar number of nonfunded individuals for comparison, and including faculty from the first 15 programs yielded from the random number generator resulted in 166 nonfunded faculty.	2
In analyzing the changes in the overall color distribution of the .yu domain in the studied period, we found that the Yugoslav Web became less colorful over time, and that the prevalence of the use of the national flag’s colors in graphically designed images decreased during the Kosovo war.	5
This fact has facilitated the identification of different patterns of online academic behavior in the studied platforms (RQ1).	5
The goal of this work is to conduct a carefully designed experiments in the peer-review process to enhance our understanding of the dynamics of discussion among reviewers.	1
This conclusion supports once again the relevance of WeChat as an important platform in the Chinese altmetric context, and more fundamentally supports previous calls for the consideration of local perspectives in altmetrics (Liu et al., 2020; Zahedi, 2017).	5
The triangular shape is obvious for all data, especially for the subject categories with high impact factor.	4
Reputation, publishing strategies, and impact are more problematical, and they, in turn, cause tensions regarding some other factors - social media, open access, and open data.	4
For the future, It is advised to promote and improve the study on Chinese entrepreneurship education from two angles including "active change" and "external intervention".	5
This study presents the results of two surveys – one involving non-native English-speaking authors from East Asia and another involving international journal editors.	1
The gender differences in the research topic selection in the field of LIS may be shaped by the interdisciplinary nature of the discipline itself.	5
However, the predominance of publications in low-impact national journals was evident.	5
Table 2 Journals included in the study, with the percentage of articles contributed by the top 50 authors listed in Table 4	0
Members of the academic community hold the means to forge alternative discourse inclusive of authentic voices from the peripheries and establish counter-discourse that subverts hegemony and legitimizes inherent literary-academic presence (Xu, 2015).	5
The activities of the Research and Publishing Committee helped to encourage and increase a community culture of research that was evidenced by the new cooperative and informal discussion groups.	5
The experiment involved rating two basic science NIH-style overall impact statements (OISs) in random order.	3
Tracking URLs presents fundamental advantages over the tracking of texts: First, a URL provides a unique and unequivocal element to identify the software.	3
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
These results reveal an unusual synaptic mechanism that affects lateral habenula activity.	5
The 95 non-institutional email addresses were all checked individually by using them to search for publications in which they were provided as corresponding author email addresses.	3
First version received November 2008; final version accepted June 2010 (Eds.)	0
The differentiation between emerging and declining themes requires a prospective evaluation of their centrality.	0
But let us return to the philosophical question stimulated by Wray's work.	0
Finally, it is important to clarify that regression analysis only captures the relationship between the independent and dependent variables and does not show the causality of the relationship.	0
It seems likely that an open-access regime of citation databases would support the development and broad diffusion of more sophisticated bibliometric techniques for research assessment.	5
Historical data on the total floor area of wooden houses by house type and structure were acquired from national statistics (Ministry of Internal Affairs and Communications, 2021, 2018).	2
The most-cited articles in orthodontics were identified by conducting a database search in the Science Citation Index Expanded of the Web of Science (property of Clarivate Analytics).	2
We have found that network size has a positive effect on obtaining awards and patents but has no effect on publishing journal papers.	4
This analysis shows that Cluster 1 is the largest as it includes a total of 26 keywords, while the smallest one is Cluster 5, which includes 18 keywords.	4
В модели рассматривается совокупность авторов, выбирающих стратегии представления статей в некоторое множество журналов, учитывая вероятности принятия статей и получаемые вознаграждения.	3
To trace influential publications, investigators used a recently developed bibliometric method called 'reference publication year spectroscopy' (RPYS) (Marx et al.	3
There is a small and brief ‘prize citation premium’, and reputational decline then sets in a few years after the award.	4
Mean (mRCR) and weighted (wRCR) RCR scores were collected from the National Institutes of Health iCite database to quantify scholarly “impact” and “production,” respectively, and were compared by academic rank, gender, and PhD status.	3
For our analysis, first, we limited our sample to journal articles and proceedings papers in major scientific fields-Life Sciences & Biomedicine, Physical Sciences, and Technology.	2
The empirical analysis, which spans six disciplines and 13 flagship journals, is based on over 800 articles and the 55,000+ citations they accumulate over a 20-year period.	2
This study also goes beyond previous research in its attempt to ascertain the willingness of LIS faculty to become active promoters of open-access scholarly publishing.	1
The Northeastern region showed a -6.64% decrease in purchasing power while the Central and Southern regions reported changes of 2.46% and -6.08%, respectively.	4
When considering quartiles, more changes are observed, in general, in lower quartiles, given that JIF are very skewed.	5
This study uses 3 methods to understand the current richness and future potential of 10 altmetric measures in 9 selected disciplines: (1) investigate the distribution and trend of altmetric data, (2) verify the relationship between citation rate and altmetric presence of the discipline using Pearson correlation, and (3) perform word frequency analysis on tweets to understand different altmetric presence in different disciplines.	3
The aim of this paper is to measure the extent to which various input formats can affect the quality of error detection.	1
We estimate that assignment to the same break-out room increased the probability of forming a collaboration by 75%, increasing the probability from 0.16 percent in the control group to 0.28 percent in the treatment.	4
Figure 1 Number of original articles, review articles, letters, editorials and proceedings published in medical education in ISI indexed journals from GCC countries.	0
Our results show a link sharing culture that concentrates more heavily on public and professional quality information than the Twitter sample does.	4
This population was comprised of 316 assistant professors, 304 associate professors, 262 full professors, 134 professors emeriti, and 1 professional faculty member whose rank was unspecified.	2
Specifically, by controlling for time- and author-specific factors, we quantify the role of author reputation on the citation life cycle of individual publications at the micro level.	3
In our paper, we use the different words ‘researcher’, ‘scholar’ and ‘author’ to refer to disambiguated authors.	0
To identify the most highly cited papers and their UK authors, we used the Scopus online database (https://www.elsevier.com/solutions/scopus).	2
It also provided indicators helpful to researchers as well as policymakers for research assessment and identifying challenges in the subject area (Table 8).	5
The current study focused on a bibliometric analysis of groundwater access and management to assess research progress.	1
We analyzed the publication productivity of 44 awardees of the prestigious Israel Prize in the life and exact sciences.	2
Since our previous analysis showed some outliers, we performed a robust linear regression to improve the stability of the results (Yu & Yao, 2017).	3
All datasets generated for this study are included in the article.	0
A total of 25 retracted articles were included in the analysis.	2
Observed qualities of these platforms will be analyzed in detail with concrete examples of gaming features in focus.	3
It may be debated, in further work, whether the intermediate set is in fact to be considered as a third set, or results from the other two.	0
We manually verified nucleotide sequence identities in original Molecular Cancer articles published in 2014, 2016, 2018, and 2020, including nucleotide sequence reagents that were claimed to target circRNAs.	1
Therefore, an author may choose to implement the Y-revision type (with Y = H or Y = L) with effort level e in order to maximize author's utility U(e, Y) as follows: max U(e, Y) with author's utility U(e, Y) being defined as: U(e, Y) = q(e)P(Y;Author) – c(e)	3
Asian countries, particularly China, catch up and are expected to excel the USA still in this decade.	4
We conducted an evaluation of the top 50 journals in environmental studies indexed in the category Social Science in the Web of Science (WOS) database in 2018 and the top-notch 50 universities worldwide with master or postgraduate programs in the disciplines of management and sustainability studies.	2
To obtain a size-independent measure, Ram introduced the power-weakness ratio (PWR).	3
A cross-sectional study on article citation data for 30 scientific journals published in 2016 in Medical Laboratory Technology field according to Web of Science database was conducted.	2
Basic data on the researchers were collected from existing sources (CIRAD Human Resources database, Google Scholar) and a key informant in the group (its director) and by asking all researchers to complete an online survey (Table 1).	2
Commercial biomedical databases, such as those described in the present communication, are easy to use, and their usage has become less expensive over the last twenty years.	0
The research period selected for this study encompasses the years 2000 to 2023.	2
A Research Impact Report, or RIR, is a portfolio-style product created by collecting and analyzing data from a set of publications produced by an EPA-RTP scientist or engineer.	3
Finally, a survey was administered to all active journals in the seven databases to collect data on editors' perceptions and practices related to the two problems (n = 937, response rate = 31.8%).	2
It eventually highlights the insularity and lack of cross-fertilization among psychological subdisciplines, despite the widespread claims to the contrary.	5
For an overview of the discussion, we refer to Adam (2002), Gl?nzel and Moed (2002), and Bar-Ilan (2008).	0
The numbers of articles with funding information published in 2015 were identified in the three selected databases and compared using bibliometric analysis of a sample of twenty-eight prestigious medical journals.	3
What is the credibility of current research publications in the PESS across Pakistani universities and their international impacts?	1
These articles were then processed using VOSviewer (van Eck & Waltman, 2010) for bibliometric analysis, and Gephi for network visualization (Bastian et al., 2009).	3
The authors determined the scope of this study should be narrowed down to the analysis of journal articles and book citations since book and article citations comprised 88% of the total sample (954 citations).	2
Bibliometric studies are important tools for evaluating the social and scientific relevance of a given discipline within a specified time frame.	1
Overall, this provides a theoretical basis for the primary aim of the current paper, which is to explain reliable individual differences in a bibliometric measure by individual differences in productivity.	1
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs License, which permits use and distribution in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, the use is non-commercial and no modifications or adaptations are made.	0
the benefits for career and reputation; 3.healthcare benefits, i.e.	3
In particular, we used Python script to keep only the words tagged with the Penn Treebank noun type tags.	2
Specifically, we address two closely related questions: (1) Do scientific celebrities promote the knowledge creation of other scientists?	1
The United States is the country that contributes the largest number of affiliations to Nature2001–2011 (11,648 counts).	4
Thereafter, we use a revised TOPSIS method to aggregate the objective and subjective ratings.	3
Participants generated a ranked differential diagnosis list after a standard assessment, and again after completing a simulated US scan for each scenario.	3
Our results show that Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai scientists do not necessarily publish in and read the same journals at the same rate.	4
We were also limited to articles presenting complete tabular data (as opposed to graphical data only).	0
In summary, the impact factor rank-ordered distribution presents a sharp convex decreasing followed by a mild concave decreasing.	4
In a sense, this is the central point of the whole line of CACHE methods, and it is where most of the important future work will take place.	0
Thus, this study used scientometric methods to analyze the published literature on genomics in India to determine the research growth trends; performance of researchers, organizations, and journals; as well as the intellectual and social structure of the research.	3
We quantify an author's aggregate impact over a period of time as the sum of the c5 scores of their publications during such period.	3
This article was supported in part by the Russian Foundation for Basic Research, project nos.	0
Although DIGITAL.CSIC runs on DSpace, a module developed by Tasmania University was chosen to retrieve data on views and full text downloads at a time when DSpace statistics were less rich as they are today.	3
However, in basic research, especially in Big Science such as high energy physics (HEP), the catch-up strategies of the latecomers have not been well studied.	1
Scientific Journal Rankings1 (SJR) of journals under the subject category of “Transportation” and at the same time Web of Science (WoS) indexed list of journals, as the first criterion, are used in order to select a list of target journals.	2
A retrospective observational study of submissions to JPCH from 1 January 2015 to 1 August 2022 was performed.	2
The literature on self-citation has been evolving in the last few years.	0
Subject areas are classified based on the statistical analyses and number of received citations in the period of search.	3
the model’s capacity to describe observations—was evaluated using the Hosmer–Lemeshow test, a classical method of evaluating the results of a logistic regression.	3
In accordance with our hypothesis H5, we find that journals from non-commercial publishers perform better than those linked to commercial publishers.	4
A descriptive cross-sectional study was designed including all retracted publications from January 1st, 2013-December 31st, 2016 indexed in PubMed.	2
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
Having obtained all of the necessary data from WOS, I then loaded the citing papers into the Science of Science (Sci2) Tool (Sci2 Team 2009) and constructed a co-citation network from them to identify the co-cited articles.	3
This study suggests what has long been argued, namely that the UK-EU research partnership has been mutually beneficial and that its continuation represents the best possible outcome for both negotiating parties.	5
We observe that Mendeley, Scopus and Twitter are known and used widely, far more than the other sources.	4
We then extracted topics from the data using BERTopic, which clusters the embeddings into coherent groups.	3
To break down the correlations, We initially select papers ranked in the top 1% within the disruption rank and identify their corresponding positions in the citation rank.	3
Conceptual model of associations between study quality and risk of bias, author prestige, journal impact factor, and citation rates.	0
The characteristics of topical scientific community reflect scientific collaboration patterns (Newman 2004) at the topic level.	5
In contrast to a trend towards larger grants, most surveyed scientists prefer small or mid-sized grants to pursue their ideas and advance their scientific careers.	4
The design of the study was heavily based on the California Digital Library's (CDL) Weighted Value Algorithm framework project, which assesses user value in three overall categories: 1.	3
The other one is characterized by indexing persistent problems which result in imprecise metadata in WoSCC and may be related to an unintentional action.	5
The growth points of LIS mainly exist in the interdisciplinary research topics, which indicates that LIS is developing towards the broad and pluralistic direction of interdisciplinary knowledge integration.	4
It seems evident that the opportunities for research on COVID-19 are still very high, since at the same time that the indicated topics will continue to be analyzed, new streams of research appear, where, once the virus is better understood, new and effective measures against COVID-19 will be sought in addition to possible solutions to the economic crisis derived from the pandemic, the rethinking of certain social values, and the incursion and consequences of 2019-nCOV.	5
Two different approaches were used to calculate institutional productivity raw count and weighted.	3
For all disciplines, except for researchers from Economics in the GN, the main reasons for authors to not deposit articles as preprints was unawareness of the preprint option.	4
The data was analyzed based on two complimentary approaches; synchronous and asynchronous.	3
The average number of citations per article was 40.52, with a standard deviation of 100.25.	4
GS retrieves four times more documents than Summon when querying a misspelled word in relation to how many documents are being retrieved when querying a correctly spelled word.	4
The h-index from United States authors was the highest at 101, followed by China (45), Germany (34), The Netherlands (27), and England (26) (Figure 2c).	4
Fully OA journals are operating comparably with the averages in the all-important JIFs.	5
Proofs of the above statements are presented in Section 5 along with other considerations on the spectral properties of the record of citations of papers.	0
The evolution of IUSS-ECE in the B&R region shows significant regional convergence.	4
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Synchronous and asynchronous analyses are presented for 10 rapidly growing countries and 7 scientifically established countries.	3
Utilizing Structural Topic Models (STM), we categorize themes relevant to key domains in econometrics, including ‘structural break’, ‘factor models’, and ‘unit root and cointegration’.	3
1 This research has been supported in part by National Science Foundation Grant GN-655.	0
Finally, our retrieval type was “TITLE (sepsis) OR TITLE (severe sepsis) OR TITLE (pyemia) OR TITLE (pyohemia) OR TITLE (pyaemia) OR TITLE (septicemia) OR TITLE (blood poisoning) AND ALL (immunotherapy).”	2
A clustering algorithm is performed on the dynamic co-word network to both yield robust characteristic communities and accordingly outline a new assessment strategy map/table on GEQR, discovering new function of co-word network.	3
The Sucupira (CAPES) data base is formed from information imported from the Lattes Curriculum (CNPq) on an annual basis by the coordinators of postgraduate programs in Brazil.	2
We identified 38,801 records for this period (2011–2020).	2
Defining the non-patent references (NPR) transition rate as the number of citing patents divided by the number of articles in the mediator set yields a value 0.392.	4
In order to deal with endogeneity challenges that might affect the proposed econometric analysis, we developed a model of structural equations (SEM) in which the variables are interconnected by all possible direct or indirect relations.	3
In summary, we can say that Indian LIS research topics during 2004 to 2015 can be cat- egorized into the following broad areas:	5
The multivariable binary logistic regression analysis showed that the attitude score was the only significant predictor of plagiarism practices (Table 9).	4
Content analysis was conducted on 25 case studies submitted by 14 institutions, establishing the methodologies, impacts, beneficiaries, published outputs and corroborative evidence reported.	2
In the MGMT collaboration co-authorship networks for India and the US studied in this work, the strength distributions have truncated power-law forms, with cutoffs signifying the range of the total number of publications allowed in the time windows considered in the study.	5
Due to the lack of citation data in DBLP (Ley, 2009), we also downloaded the Aminer dateset.	2
A bibliometric and thematic analysis of publications in Kinetics and Catalysis in 1960–2014 has been carried out using the CAPlus, WoS, Scopus, and RSCI databases.	1
*Winner of first prize and the Sir George Murray Medal in the 1982 RAIPA Essay Competition.	0
Gephi (Bastian et al., 2009), an open-source and free social network analysis software, was used to visualize the co-author networks.	3
Data usage of citations and downloads was provided by Oxford University Press for Rheumatology from 2010 to 2015.	2
Federal R&D funds may be steadying after years of decline, but chemical industry spending still shows no real signs of an upturn	0
Negative binomial regression can explicitly handle overdispersion by ensuring that the variance is greater than the mean.	3
The post-baseline XML files contain data on new, updated, and deleted PMIDs.	3
The data were extracted from the Web of Science, which, as one of the world's largest databases of academic publications, contains detailed information about each paper, including its title, journal, journal ISSN, language, keywords, abstract, author names, author institutions, reprint author, funding, references, publishing date, scientific discipline(s), and the number of citations (see the supplementary information for an example of the publication data).	2
We examine whether such influence is directly associated with an actor's productivity and performance.	1
Stacy Konkiel (stacy@altmetric.com) is Director of Research & Education at Altmetric, London, UK.	0
For preventing and confronting the fraud, severe impose policies were established by Iranian government.	5
These statistics indicate that CSS publications have very low modularity and insularity, and are not distributed as though they were either a random subset or a modularity-maximizing partition.	4
Average number of article equivalents during the period 1989-91, by age of children.	0
Let us use the symbols P, P?, and P?	3
Given that describing words appear more often in the knowledge domain than in others, we named each cluster based on keywords with a high term frequency-inverse document frequency (TF-IDF) value [48].	3
The research approach we have used in our study is the Goal, Question, Metric (GQM) methodology (Basili 1992).	3
1) the first part checked the interviewee's understanding of and experience with societal impact generally;	0
Qualitative studies were cited a total of 1,089 times, with a median of 7.00 times (range, 0–34) for each study.	4
Each article's discipline and specialty was defined as the field that accounted for the largest share of cited references in the article.	3
Journal article records from Scopus 1996-2012 were downloaded November-December 2018, including author names and countries, as well as the Scopus subject areas of each article and its citation count.	2
Measuring the productivity of scientific disciplines is the task of the two closely related approaches of bibliometrics and scientometrics, which commonly use the method of citation analysis to examine the impact of a published document on referring documents.	3
The most critical difference between the negative binomial model and the Poisson regression model was the difference in conditional variance, by introducing additional parameter α into the negative binomial 5 type model, the problem of data dispersion could be solved.	3
A Bland-Altman plot is considered to be an appropriate statistical technique to compare 2 measurements when neither of them is the gold standard.	3
The shift to an “author pays” publishing model damages the essential role of the journal deeply, as it will make publishing there expensive and potentially off-limits for us and many of our colleagues.	5
Here, we use Wikipedia's multi-lingual linkage to evaluate the similarity of knowledge structures among different language editions to track the dominant pathway of contemporary information distribution.	1
We first outline the methodology used in this analysis and then present our results.	0
This research consists 151 academics from 12 basic research areas; eight of them being Professor Dr, 17 being Associate Professor Dr, 49 being Doctor Lecturer, and 77 being Research Assistant or Lecturer.	2
This is a consequence of the selection of references with a minimum reference count of 10 (see method section).	0
The purpose of this study is to investigate Taiwanese researchers' perceptions of QAPs.	1
The current study confirms what previous research has found about the polarity of the issue of OA across different fields.	5
A subject-based community on the Web is a group of objects (websites or web pages) on the World Wide Web that are connected together by certain relations which include at least:	1
Open-access journals have been growing over the past decade, and many traditional printed journals are also sponsoring open-access options (the hybrid model) for accepted articles.	1
Within the research agenda, this article focuses on how researchers use federal statistics, produced by principal statistical agencies, in their studies; and which statistical agencies have their information more frequently used.	1
This study presents the publication evolution in TES field over the last two decades, per year, per country, per authors, per journal, and per TES technology, taking into account sensible heat TES (SHTES), latent heat TES (LHTES), and thermochemical energy storage (TCS), and considering the connection between authorship communities and country interactions.	1
Keywords Social sciences · Higher education studies · Research productivity · Strategic research agendas	0
Overall, our analysis comprises 898,624 papers in Computer Science and 1,236,016 papers in Physics.	2
In conclusion, we found strong evidence that visibility behaviors are important for determining the number of citations in the first few years following publication and how quickly an article is cited.	5
We obtained comparison in the number of publications in North America and Europe by using simple descriptive statistics.	3
Specifically, we sought to determine how authors make choices about journal submission, including what factors they consider and how they weigh competing interests.	1
RQ#1 What are the hierarchical layers of Medical Informatics and Computer Science consisting of terms?	1
The goal of this research is to advance the knowledge base within collection management and create a model to predict journal downloads at an individual university library using a combination of global and local metrics in order to identify the value of journals prior to a purchase or other content management decisions.	1
We conducted this study in order to: (1) determine the SCR of pediatric journals registered in the JCR; (2) evaluate the impact of SCR upon the IF of these journals; (3) determine the effect of the SCR of a given journal on its own IF; and (4) compare IF and SCR of English and non-English journals.	1
Our main aim is not to offer a new method or solution, but to explore and compare three approaches so as to show how field delineation varies under the different methods, and aspire to the following specific objectives:	1
Most (88.51%) were from high-income countries, 11.48% were from middle-income countries, and only 0.01% were from lower-income countries.	4
It also turned out that the features helpful in predicting the citation count of papers are not important for predicting the clinical citation count of biomedical papers.	4
Publication and citation analyses are two major methods of bibliometrics.	3
Conclui-se que o domínio em publica??es de Acesso Aberto, característica comum do Brasil, contrasta com a realidade da China que, apesar de protagonista no quesito produ??o científica em Ciência da Informa??o, concentra as publica??es de autores chineses nas m?os das editoras comerciais, refor?ando, assim, a dependência do sistema dos oligopólios editoriais, comprometendo a própria seguran?a da ciência que produz.	5
The aim of this paper is to detect emerging issues in the healthcare research domain via citation network analysis.	1
In this study, we investigated the relationship between the contributions of authors and author order only in France and Japan.	1
La fuente empleada para el dise?o de la base de datos fue el Sistema Integrado de Información Universitaria (SIIU), plataforma que recoge información a nivel micro de todos los estudiantes.	2
Address for reprints: Helen Christensen, NH & MRC Social Psychiatry Research Unit, The Australian National University, GPO Box 4, Canberra, ACT, 2601 Australia.	0
Only 22% (n=112) of respondents thought this should be the case, and the most popular options were to use channels that impact information is already submitted to (67%, n=336) or to submit information at the end of a research project (64%, n=332).	4
To compare the quality of the research articles, three methods were used: (1) the accumulated impact factors (IF) and the average IF were generated according to Journal Citation Reports (JCR) 2010 established by the ISI (http://isiknowledge.com); (2) citation reports of articles showing an affiliation with a Chinese institution were conducted; (3) articles published in top general medicine journals (The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM), Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA), The Lancet and British Medical Journal (BMJ)) were also generated.	3
The results also show a significant effect related to years since Ph.D.	4
More specifically, the Heraklion medical school exhibits the highest values in all bib-liometric indices in all four axes of research output, as previously discussed, with the Ioannina medical school following.	4
The preprint and press release with sensational results was picked up by media and widely publicized before we had to make extensive revisions that changed the outcomes.	4
The overlap between CSSCI and Core Journals included 20 journals, resulting in a total of 268 journals which we downloaded from National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) and Wanfang.	2
Our adjustment reveals that, irrespective of field, the large majority of the apparent decline in citation inequality in recent years is an artifact of bias induced by changing marginals.	4
In this article, it is shown how the design of platforms may help in addressing policy barriers to data sharing in the long-term.	1
This article has been accepted for inclusion in a future issue of this journal.	0
Scientific production modes of Mexican science during the first half of the 20th century.	0
In this study, the scientific production of universities across the world is analysed, disaggregating it by research fields and specialities.	1
This can be explained by the gradual changing of the thematic spectrum: the environmental and medical consequences are obvious from the very beginning, while long-term genetic effects could be seen later.	5
Data were extracted from each retracted article, including the time from publication to retraction, causes, journal impact factor, and country of origin.	3
We examine a typical scenario in which a journal has to match the uncertain manuscript quality with a specified quality standard, but it imperfectly observes the reviewer's efforts.	1
Editorial material, meeting abstracts, reviews and letters were excluded from the analysis (Figure 1).	2
We performed a bibliometric analysis of the most highly cited original research articles (excluding Reviews, Proceeding Papers, Editorial Material, etc.) in Medical Informatics using data obtained from the WOS database in October 2016.	2
The dynamic patterns of lead-lag are analyzed by regression modeling.	3
The number and proportion of predatory publications has increased significantly.	4
* Source: Editorial and publication delay of papers submitted to 14 selected Food Research journals.	0
The views and opinions expressed are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the Department of Health and of NETSCC.	0
The platform can be a useful first step towards the development of a comprehensive listing of Indian institutions and their research activity as no such listing is yet available.	5
As of 17 November 2020, Journal.fi platform had a total of 47,970 articles published between 1883 and 2020 (including also material published before the establishment of the platform in 2017).	2
The presented work highlights the need for an objective analysis for assessment of impact of a research paper.	5
Researchers are becoming increasingly aware that the impact of scientific work strongly depends on successful journal publication strategies.	5
Data collection was based on the evaluation of articles published between 2017 and 2018 to obtain the Lattes curricula of the author(s).	2
First, the prevalence of gender misattributions is quite low.	4
The h-index was used to separate the well cited papers from the others.	3
UNIV HELSINKI in Finland contributed the most literatures with 75 oxycodone-related papers published, followed by PURDUE PHARMA (75 papers), and UNIV TORONTO (60 papers).	4
The Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery American Volume was the most cited journal, whereas the greatest number of articles was published in the Journal of Clinical Orthopedics and Trauma.	4
Our patent application sample consists of the raw text of all U.S.	2
Our results show that there is heterogeneity across Italian macro-regions in universities scientific performance.	4
We studied and analyzed relevant policy documents and specific list-making initiatives, such as list-related science policies and national guidelines, list-making procedures and reports, list-making notices and their public announcements on webpages.	2
It was found that there was only a slight change in the relative institutional rankings using the JEI/ET and JEI/BS compared to the JEI.	4
Recipients were categorized on the basis of their NREF awards: Young Clinician Investigator (YCI), Van Wagenen Fellowship (VWF), or resident Research Fellowship Grant (RFG).	3
GBMF grantees tend to publish in hybrid journals (74% of journals; 72% of articles), with open (16% of journals; 17% of articles) and closed (10% of journals; 11% of articles) journals less represented.	4
Thus in formula, the proxy for yearly productivity of a single researcher, which we name Fractional Scientific Strength, FSS, is:	3
The present study aimed to describe the number of scientific publications and PhD enrolments associated with the current pre-graduate medical research programme at Health, AU, and to identify any effect modifiers.	1
This paper aims to answer the following: how nanotechnology’s technological linkages are shaped due to its multidisciplinary nature, where the linkages between technological domains occur and their causes, and how the trend of technology competencies is chang- ing with respect to the leading nations’ involvement in nanotechnology.	1
The analysis was restricted to the 25 countries with the largest cumulative number of articles in the period 1996- 2015.	2
Of the 852 papers retrieved from the Web of Science with a topic search of 'bibliometric*', 769 had author keywords.	2
There are 998 researchers in this subsample, 582 of which are mobile to the United States and 416 who are mobile within Europe.	2
In terms of collaboration between the G-20 countries, South Korea has the highest proportion of research publications in collaboration with the other G-20 countries (88.6%), closely followed by Canada (85.12%), China (84%), Japan (81.5%) and Australia (80.42%).	4
# Weight: weight of a topic is calculated based on the length of the burst and number of occurrences of the term.	0
5; Table 3), it is, therefore, concluded that the impact of SAAs might be driven by paper related factors and/or other not analysed author related factors.	5
The annual growth rate for all three categories was measured using the Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) formula2.	3
Manuel Villalobos-Cid is with Departamento de Ingeniería Informática, Falcutad Ingeniería, Universidad de Santiago de Chile, and the Program for the Development of Sustainable Production Systems (PDSPS), Santiago, Chile (email: manuel.villalobos@usach.cl).	0
All orthopedics articles published in 61 journals from 2000 to 2011 were retrieved from the Science Citation Index Expanded database.	2
Based on the CSCD data, which contains both journal- and paper-level classifications for the journals that they index, our results reveal that the classification scheme has less impact on rankings at the institution level than at the individual level.	5
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The number of undirected lines which connect the papers reflects, according to the code shown, the strength of co-citation coupling.	0
It is, therefore, named between article index whereas the average of the individual article indexes is called within article index.	3
The Scopus Affiliation search was used to gather the raw data required to study the scientific productivities of each university (for example, University of Sulaimani).	3
Specifically, we begin with a network analysis, focused on U.S. academia, of the administratively invisible or informal cross-disciplinary biology-computing collaborations that we dub a “college,” to illustrate the explosion of the crossdisciplinary population parallel to, and also in the wake of, the HGP.	3
Finally, we conclude the findings and their implications for future research.	0
Almost all data sources have a precision higher than 90%, but their recall is much lower.	4
Others, however, argue that treating neoliberalism as an external force risks not only analytical reductionism but also a paralysis of the political imagination and grounds for action as we “bestow an undeserved systematicity upon current trends and relations” (Boyer 2010, 80).	0
Such cases are not easy to find, and do not represent the usual situation.	0
The annual average expenditure operating an English language journal in Hubei Province is approximately RMB 1 m.	4
In total, 244 instances of journals moved from closed access to open access between 2011 and 2014.	2
>90% of publications from EDCTP-funded research were published in high-impact journals and are highly cited.	5
The objective is to examine whether the papers presented in oral sessions have a higher citation impact than the papers presented in poster sessions.	1
We have shown that the proposed indices are uncorrelated to previous ones, such as the h-index.	5
The data collection was done by referring to Web of Science database [12] and looking for the journal title of "Research in Medical Sciences"; 681 records were retrieved and loaded as the plain text format on a computer system.	2
The research questions we sought to answer were: how are publishers seeking to maintain or reinvent their role in scholarly communication; and how are they going about identifying and creating new ways to deliver value?	1
Current reforms present a clear preferred image for the new generation of academics sought by policy-makers: highly motivated scholars embedded in international research networks, publishing mostly internationally and heavily involved in the national and international competition for both academic recognition and research funding.	5
It is shown that the ten TM specialty journals have been actively exchanging knowledge with each other.	4
The review included scientific papers published from 1977 to October 2015 and included in the Scopus and ISI Web of Science databases, as indicated by each postgraduate student in his or her Lattes curriculum.	2
The performance difference of global and local strategies is not significant.	4
We are indebted to Sandra Phlippen for letting us use the data compiled for the ESB ranking.	0
We will explain our ideas and some related examples in the following sections—the next one for the mathematical development and the third section for the applications—and we will finish with some conclusions.	0
This study utilized the methodology inspired by Shah et al.	3
The three indicators, APT, TS and Cited by Clin., measured the clinical translation intensity of the paper from different perspectives.	5
The community norm of article sharing had a significant positive influence to both attitude toward article sharing (β=0.175, p < 0.01) and article sharing intention (β=0.243, p < 0.001).	4
This research helps researchers learn about the development of the Baltic Journal of Road and Bridge Engineering deeply.	5
The global architecture of the research on patient safety was visualised by using DEMPs developed by Gastner and Newman.	3
This study examined the interdisciplinarity of SLA and the interdisciplinary development process using a bibliometrics approach.	1
This article seeks to extend the knowledge of the behaviour and attitudes towards open access publishing through a survey that focusses on the attitudes and behaviours of academic researchers in Korea working in medicine and healthcare.	1
The present study seeks to map and visualize up-to-date perspectives of the topic of active learning by analyzing and interpreting the different elements that make up learning ecosystems within the European Higher Education Area.	1
Different publication aspects have been analysed, such as type, language, subcategories, and journal type as well as the frequency of keyword appearance.	3
There was a positive opinion on the efficiency of this measure as it takes new and variable attributes into account in the evaluation process.	4
Two assignments were made to form two different datasets containing the same corpus but in different classifications.	3
For this sample, an h-index of ≥3 was identified as a threshold for promotion to associate professor, and an h-index of ≥6 was identified as a threshold for promotion to professor.	4
The most interesting finding, using our methodology, was identifying 10 early career researchers independent of their GS citation count.	4
In addition, we were limited in our ability to assess whether the results of successful grants also led to meaningful clinical advances during the last decade, which is an important metric beyond publications, presentations, and extramural funding.	0
Among the methods developed, bibliometric methods that allow for evaluating research models from different perspectives and identifying collaborations stand out.	3
Our purpose is to take stock of where Canadian geographers have been publishing over the past three decades and to identify trends that are important to faculty and the discipline.	1
These data were then used to create classification models using the sequential minimal optimization algorithm (Platt, 1999), a support-vector model algorithm implemented in the WEKA v3.6.6 tool (Hall et al., 2009).	3
The inter-rater reliability was Kappa = 0.813 with p < .001, achieving the “almost perfectly agreed" reliability based on the rules of thumb suggested by Landis and Koch (1977).	3
* These totals will not agree with those in table four, due to the citation of more than one source for single references.	0
For robustness checking, we also adopt the propensity score matching (PSM) method to assess the impact of academic engagement with the industry.	3
Using Monash University, a large research-focused higher education institution in Australia, as a case study, I surveyed academics to ask them about their perceptions of material barriers to interdisciplinary research collaboration, and what they believe might incentivise them to overcome these barriers and participate in interdisciplinary research.	2
The new functionality inspired the present author to propose a new bibliometric indicator, based on the # of highly cited papers and of hot papers produced by certain individual, institution, or published in certain scientific journal.	1
HSS academic interviewees were selected through a purposive, criterion-based sampling strategy, aiming for variation and balance along the following criteria: institutional affiliation, discipline, employment function, career stage, and publication record.	2
All four responses to accept our article came from presumed predatory journals, 3 of which received the Word format and 1 that received the PDF format.	4
The research method involved the use of the DOAJ database, the Seal option and the following indicators: publisher, title, country, number of articles, knowledge area, article processing charges in USD, time for publication in weeks, and year of indexing in DOAJ.	3
In addition, contextual data were obtained from the CVs of the ECRs.	2
The dataset includes a total of 193 Nobel laureates in Physics from 1902 to 2016.	0
In order to identify Covid and non-Covid papers, we searched the keywords, abstract and title for the three terms “Corona”, “Covid” and “pandemic”.	3
The two overarching research themes identified using knowledge synthesis from most cited articles and journals are technical advancements and developments in generative Al systems; and their applications to image processing, pattern recognition, and computer vision.	4
The proposed barycentric approach takes three text variables as parameters: average number of complex syllable words per sentence (ASyS), average number of characters per sentence (ACS) and average number of words per sentence (AWS).	3
In the early 1980s, the G7 group of large economies dominated global research.	4
This study not only uncovers the core knowledge structure of interdisciplinary research but also demonstrates the effectiveness of the LDA topic model as a data mining tool for revealing key topics and trends, providing practical tools for future research.	5
The rising number of publications, increasing number of citations and, consequently, the Journal impact factor, together with the existence of sleeping beauties, shows that the editorial policy is well thought out and future oriented.	5
Authors self-references contribute between 45 and 65% to the NRPR of Germany, Japan and France.	4
Table I gives the statistics of these datasets in the number of papers, the average number of words per paper title, and the average number of references per paper.	2
Against the trend, however, in Russia solo articles have more impact.	4
Through the article citations, the influence of an article is propagated not only to its followers but also the followers’ followers and so on.	5
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
This practice excludes book reviews, editorials, and similar items for which no submission fee is likely to be required.	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Therefore, they were used as the data source to retrieve relevant publications.	2
Thus, the research collaboration within the SAARC countries is too small.	5
Our analysis suggests that this approach can be used to classify large corpora of scientific awards into desired categories, which may be of use for monitoring R&D trends and for identifying portfolios of grant projects for evaluation.	5
The present study compares author rankings by 12 different frequency-weighted citation-counting methods over a single good-sized literature.	1
In our validation studies we generally find that contextualizing and filtering of very highly cited articles do point to breakthrough or important research findings.	5
We therefore selected a 10-year period, 2002–2011, corresponding to a data set with 13609 articles, 2893 unique authors, and 2072 journals, from which individual co-authorship networks were generated for each of the top 25 departments in publishing volume (i.e., the 25 most prolific departments).	2
We are grateful for comments given at the meetings of the Mimir Project and the Organizations and Networks Seminar at Stanford.	0
3 Illustration of the methodology to obtain China's contributions in PubMed	0
We believe the improved filtration and curation of new knowledge will come through the combination of three elements: machine learning, crowd-sourcing, and new digital platforms.	1
Using a BERT-based document multilabel classification method, we achieved a micro-F1 score of 0.68 with microprecision of 0.76 and microrecall of 0.62.	3
Policy documents were chosen as the focus of this investigation because of their relative accessibility and impact on clinical practice.	2
Table 3 lists 30 topics labeled by the top five words with the highest associations for each topic.	0
The authors would like thank the National Research Foundation of Korea for the support in finance (Grant: 2011-0031645).	0
H1: Scientific papers cited in patents can be considered as a measure of science linkage.	1
Remarkably, the presentation on institutional websites is more prevalent for established scientists than for less-established scientists in all three categories.	4
To perform a comprehensive analysis of COVID-19 publications published in the Indian Journal of Ophthalmology (IJO) during the two years of the pandemic and to study their impact on ophthalmic literature.	1
For each discipline, using a computer program the mean citation was calculated over all SSCI articles published in the years 1995, 1998, 2001, 2004 and 2007 by one author, two authors, three authors, four authors, and more than four authors.	3
Thus, this is a bibliographic history of Agribusiness and a brief case study of organizational evolution.	1
The most interesting finding was that articles of Q2 journals received higher online attention than articles of Q1 journals, as depicted by the higher AAS, although articles of Q1 journals outnumbered the articles of Q2 journals in the list of the top 100 articles.	5
Hyelin Park: For- mal analysis, Data curation, Conceptualization, Methodology, Writing – original draft.	0
In all disciplines we find the treatment group of junior researchers who coauthored with a top scientist to achieve a higher impact, regardless of the specific citation metric, and we find the differences with respect to the control group to be statistically significant in all cases, both when testing sample averages via t-tests and when testing the entire distributions via Kruskal–Wallis tests (in order to account for the skewness in the data, especially in the case of citations).	4
On one hand, the newly formed collaboration patterns are oriented to international cooperation and this has increased the integration of Russian science into the world academic community.	5
Bibliometrics used in the current study is to analysis quantitatively of citation scientific publications, based on constructing the citation graph, a network representing the citations of different documents.	3
The results for questions 1 and 2 support the idea that “striving institutions” – those that have faced the greatest competition to improve their standing relative to their peers – have benefited by hiring and retaining highly productive faculty without regard to their gender.	5
Let us use the opportunity given by Scopus and determine publications found in “Document search" but absent in “Affiliation search".	3
The supplementary materials section includes two parts: the critical prerequisites for the problem and some details of LDA model.	0
Across the 29 years from 1986 to 2012, the average Active rate is approximately 92 %, leaving an average Inactive rate of approximately 8 %, annually.	4
Distributions of changes in position for Medicine professors under Fl and I ranking lists, under WFI and FI lists, and WFI-I lists.	0
RQ2 What is the proportion of scholarly journals published in open access to the total production of scholarly journals in the Czech Republic?	1
With the above caveats in mind we asked the following: has joint publication become more or less common or have the proportions of jointly published articles remained the same?	1
For this detailed study, we selected two WoS disciplines (Psychiatry and Gastroenterology/Hepatology) that best represented two CIBER consortia: Mental Health Centre (CIBERSAM), and Hepatic & Digestive Diseases Centre (CIBEREHD).	2
Data regarding the type of documents, most cited articles, influential research journals, contributions per country, and so on were extracted for the study from the Scopus database.	2
Journal articles from the obesity research domain (a multidisciplinary research field) were considered to explore each of the six research questions.	2
Results: The mean values of the Google trend for neuropsychiatric disorders and machine learning are 52.09 and 40.00 respectively.	4
However, the role of the reviewers is advisory, and the editor of the journal usually has no formal obligation to accept their recommendations.	0
A total of 115 articles on open access journals have been published between 1993 and 2016 in SSCI.	4
We preprocessed their algorithm sentences from each paper and collected 65,000 sentences in 4,604 papers as our training corpus.	2
The primary empirical results show that (a) the high citation behaviour trend could improve the knowledge diffusion speed for papers with a short citation history span.	4
Citation counts were calculated from the 2014 version of WoS database of the Centre for Research & Development Monitoring (ECOOM), KU Leuven, which indexes 50,251 books and 30,058,730 journal papers in total.	2
RQ2: What are the ranks and impact factors of most prolific information titles in the field of cybernetics?	1
It will take about 10 years from the application of earliest patent to the approval of the new drug.	4
We used data from the 2008 General Survey on Science and Technology Personnel in China, a national survey conducted once in every five years, covering all S&T personnel.	2
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Two approaches were used, fractional and full counting.	3
We defined a generic query through conducting a null query (search box is left blank), filtering only by publication year using Google Scholar's advanced search function.	3
Thus, we also included studies published in the 147 Core Journals (Peking University), which is another important index of journals that includes both social and natural science research (Cai & Shi, 2002).	2
This study draws on semi-structured interviews with 74 STS scholars and two representatives of commercial publishers.	2
The average number of years between first publication and reception of first NIH grant was roughly 16 years in 1993, and in 2017, this value increased to 24 years (which will be discussed later in this paper).	4
How costly in terms of reputation is to choose interdisciplinarity research (IDR) over (more) specialized research?	1
To evaluate the proposed approach, a total of 672 documents were extracted from CiteSeer.	2
A simple linear regression model was employed to investigate the association between the total citation counts in WoS and those in Google Scholar.	3
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
The three citation metrics that were used in this analysis are the total number of citations (or citation count), citations per article, and Hirsch's (2005) h-index.	3
Regarding the question, indicated in the section “Introduction”, whether the evolution is driven by the Nobel Prize or not, the results of our study do not support an affirmative answer, in view of the observed evolution similarities between, on the one hand, the three Nobel Prize themes and, on the other hand, the snub theme BET_c.	5
at least half of the keyword's terms are located in a FA variant).	3
Only references with DOIs were retained (32.3%; or 19,748,147 out of 61,229,921) to avoid errors due to false matches.	2
The present paper contributes to the literature on empirical modeling of the journal impact factor distribution by verifying in a statistically rigorous way if the two-exponent law is consistent with data on impact factors.	1
All analyzed data were retrieved from Thomson Scientifics online database "Web of Science" (WoS).	2
In summary, SNI evaluators consider that the methods available within the system to assess technological work are not sufficient to verify whether these outputs are original and based on high-quality scientific research.	4
The study analyzed the publication data of KLIS faculty used in Yang and Lee's (2010) study.	2
Finally, Chinese preprints receive less attention even in the sample of highly similar topic twins.	4
The LDA embedding correctly delimitates the four sub-fields of the data set.	4
The projected position of a term on the translational axis, expressed by a continuous quantity, indicates the term's "appliedness."	3
Invariably, the United States leads the table in most parameters which include total publications (TP: 302), the number of IJLM authors' affiliations (NAA: 425), number of contributing authors (NCA: 809), sole-authored and co-authored articles (SA: 40 and CA: 262), total citations accredited to those articles (TC: 13,515), number of active years (NAY: 30), and productivity per active year (PAY: 10.07).	4
Therefore, this study aims to address this research gap by employing bibliometric analytic approaches [24] to examine the intellectual structure of generative AI academic research during the last ten years.	1
In this study, we also employed Spearman's rank correlation to evaluate the rank performance of the optimization method under different parameter conditions.	3
Our research questions and the nature of the data invited a mixed-method approach to data analysis (Creswell & Plano Clark, 2007; Teddlie & Tashakori, 2009).	3
candidates, resulting in a sample of 2062 publications.	2
The institution with the highest number of contributions was the University of Melbourne, with 420 publications.	4
The data recorded included journal type (traditional, OA, hybrid), submission costs, OA charges, print fees for color figures, publisher, and subscription prices.	2
In this study we provide a framework for describing what influences the formation of different research collaboration patterns.	1
The result for geographical distance is also significant.	4
Data were collected on 9 and 10 November 2012.	2
We therefore set out to study the distribution of such papers in the biomedical literature.	1
1), thus size does not imply that universities are more prone to Open Science policies.	4
We use the co-author adjusted version of the fractionation method.	3
In the search strategy, it was indicated that only the concepts or keywords 'opuntia' and common names of the plant should be included, as well as their main products to guarantee that the main theme addressed by the documents is cactus pear (Figure 1).	2
1The co-citation profile of an author is a vector in which each element indicates the number of times the author has been cocited with some other author.	0
We also find here that the balanced worth discriminates more than average values: the relative differences between men and women by age groups, according to the balanced worth, are 4% for the first group, 11% for the second, 2% for the third and – 10% for the last one.	4
The current study aims to design an analytical method that can better reveal the implicit semantic associations between scientific discoveries and technological innovations.	1
We demonstrated that these segments with different growth rates can be interpreted very well, since they are related to either phases of economic (e.g., industrialization) and/or political developments (e.g., Second World War).	5
The study also investigates self-citation percentage of research articles published from the twenty leading research countries of the world and across the continents.	1
The application of the methodology is demonstrated using the Italian higher education system as a case study.	2
The screen images associated with the process are offered in Appendix 1.	0
The dendrogram in Figure 2 depicts the hierarchical structure of the research topics and summarizes the relationships among them.	0
The study has successfully identified typologies of older people concerning environmental sustainability across a diverse range of countries in the greater European-Mediterranean region.	5
Once an article is classified as written on Africa, the next step is to assign a geographical location for the author(s) based on their self-declared institutional affiliation at the time of the article's publication.	3
All the differences presented in the table were significant with p<0.001	0
What are the sources being indexed by GS creating the GS versions?	1
Data Availability Statement: Data are available from the Harvard Dataverse (https://doi.org/10.7910/DVN/SKESSY).	0
The calculation of percentiles takes all those papers that are (a) published in journals in the same WoS subject category (e.g., physics, condensed matter, etc.) and (b) published in the same publication year.	3
And Altmetric.com scores favored English publications authored by North American researchers.	4
Various bibliometric parameters were extracted, including publication year, journal, authors, citations, and funding.	3
We analysed 1,376 papers obtained from SCOPUS database for the period of 2000–11.	2
In fact, the results have also highlighted that JTTM has a noticeable interdisciplinary nature.	5
A total of 114 feedback documents were reviewed and interpreted.	2
Out of a total of 1165 articles published during 2006-2014, 940 (80.69%) were authored by members of the Balkan Union of Oncology (BUON), 165 (14.16%) from countries other than Balkans, and 60 (5.15%) articles were written by authors from both Balkan and non-Balkan countries.	4
In essence, the LM compares the citations per paper (CPP) for each publication of a department with that which would be expected on a world-wide basis across the appropriate field and for the appropriate publication date.	3
In total, we found 4 different types of triads (i.e., 3-node subgraphs), 25 tetrads (i.e., 4-node subgraphs), and 267 types of pentads (i.e., 5-node subgraphs) among all teams (their structures can be found in the Supplementary Information).	4
We now transform it into a matrix of stochastic vectors (i.e.	3
Results from our content analysis suggest that research articles whose titles contain catchphrases receive fewer usage count (i.e., engagement).	4
There are 110 subspecialty nursing journals listed under the “Nursing” category of the 2014 Journal Citation Report (JCR).	2
Three currently available citation databases were used: Google Scholar, Scopus, and Web of Science.	2
However, methodological constraints preclude drawing conclusions to that effect on the basis of the analysed dataset, and even if those methodological problems are overlooked, the results do not seem to justify enthusiasm about the JIF as diagnostic instrument to select researchers.	5
The mean distance between the authors in the Turkey and Malaysia networks was 8.4 and 6.5, respectively, confirming the small world nature of these networks.	4
In this context, in an increasingly collaborative scientific structure, it is fair assuming correspondence author being a viable proxy of scientific leadership.	0
The counting method used in this research was the whole counting (rather than fractional counting) method used in bibliometrics, whereby multi-authored articles are counted by the author's country affiliation.	3
We used data from the following ranking systems: (1) the Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU), (2) the Times Higher Education World University Rankings (THE), and (3) the QS World University Rankings (QS).	2
To control for the different dimensions of the inter-relation j i, as any value of Cit could be achieved by different combinations of in-outward citations, we added a second index, Citw, which measured the total number of inward-outward citations, as follows:	3
For each university, we have shown Total Papers (TP) and Total Citations (TC) data and computed Average Citation Per Paper (ACPP), Productivity Per Capita(PPC),number of Highly Cited Papers (HiCP), number of International Collaborative Papers (ICP),h-index and P-indexetc.	3
Key words: astronomical databases: miscellaneous – history and philosophy of astronomy	0
The list contains a total of 3126 scientists located throughout the world.	2
These publications are mainly published in journals ranked in the first quartile (81.7%), according to the Scimago Journal Rank (Figure 1), which evidence the capability of the TF metric to identify publications published in quality indexed journals.	4
A negative binomial regression model was used to estimate the effects of each predictor on coauthorship incidence and growth.	3
ChatGPT, large language models, and the application of generative AI to healthcare and education are emerging research topics.	4
The structure of the international network may be predicted by the countries' overall hyperlink connections, international co-authorships, student flows and the number of Nobel Prizes won by its citizen.	4
2014), we find that under certain conditions international mobility has a beneficial effect on the careers of mobile researchers.	5
Our analysis shows that there is room for improvement in both the completeness in the data extracting process (some funding information was lost in 12% of the articles), and in the accuracy of the subfield distribution of the data, which was not always consistent.	5
We utilised multiple logistic and zero-inflated Poisson regression analyses to test for associations between the outcome measures and predictor variables at a 5% significance level.	3
Third and lastly, there is no large number of cliques at the province and city levels.	4
The estimate in table 3, column 1, implies that the papers by deceased scientists receive a boost in citations after the scientist passes away, relative to the papers of still-living scientists, with an estimated magnitude of 7.4%.	4
This resulted in a dataset of 390 articles indexed in Web of Science, to which we added CDM (which is not indexed in Web of Science).	2
The goals of this paper were to test whether author gender predicts (a) the outcomes of editorial and peer review or (b) the number of citations that papers obtain postpublication in journals of ecology.	1
Additionally, respective future trends are to be outlined.	1
Redundant publications were classified into one of the following categories using a priori definitions: dual, suspected dual, salami slicing, meat extender, and extended sample publication.	3
Journal k publishes a research article having non-negative importance qk, under a journal-specific writing complexity ck(qk) in determining such importance level qk.	3
Does a less prominent and low-density GC of a co-authorship network still capture highly productive authors?	1
Both findings suggest that the peer-review process at TI, in its current form, was successful in selecting submitted manuscripts with a high scientific impact in the future.	5
All awardees were assessed for subsequent NIH funding using the NIH REPORTER web site.	3
In general the hypothesis of rarely cited book reviews can be confirmed.	4
Using cross-sectional and panel data from mathematics and economics, we perform negative binomial, Poisson, and generalized method of moments/instrumental variable methods regressions.	3
Specifically, this paper aims to identify international productivity and collaboration information and summarize global OGD research areas and hotspots based on analysis of co-occurrence of noun phrases in the titles and abstracts of publications, which may serve as a potential guide for future OGD-related research.	1
The data show that, in general, Standard CNCI values tend to be higher and show greater variation over time than Collab and Fractional CNCI.	4
This study examines the use of retracted publications in the field of pharmacy, describes characteristics of retracted publications cited by systematic reviews, and discusses factors associated with citation likelihood.	1
Results revealed that all the highly cited papers from India did not receive citations in the early years after publication.	4
The data were extracted for a time period ranging from 2001 to 2005, and the geographical scale was restricted to five European Union countries (henceforth EU 5): Italy, France, Germany, Spain and the United Kingdom, as in Maggioni et al.	2
If employing the fractional counting method, based on the top 25 percent of individual publication performance, social geographers require an average of 7.677 years to achieve the CMV, which is the lowest average in the Section (Table 3).	4
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License.	0
The temporal analysis clearly shows the dominance of Asian Universities in recent years because during last two decades, Asian countries such as China, Taiwan, Iran, Korea, and India have been growing rapidly.	5
The author name ambiguity problem is manifested with four types of namesake in the context of the Chinese language.	4
Our conclusion challenges previous studies claiming that the scope of science has either narrowed (Evans 2008) or broadened (Larivière et al. 2009).	5
Approximately 40 to 50% of authors in each subject domain consider the inclusion of target journals in certain databases as very important.	4
Our empirical results reveal that policymakers' adoption of specific policies is predominantly influenced by citation proximity, followed by citation authority and citation continuity.	4
Comparing with a set of nonretracted control papers from the same journals with similar publication year, number of coauthors, and author impact, we show that retracted papers receive more attention after publication not only on social media but also, on heavily curated platforms, such as news outlets and knowledge repositories, amplifying the negative impact on the public.	1
While numerical modeling and 3S (Remote sensing, RS; Geography information systems, GIS; Global positioning systems, GPS) technology were the most commonly used methods for studying coastal flooding, Lidar gained in popularity.	4
Although the conclusions apply to organizations such as universities and government agencies, the focus here is on corporations in the biomedical sciences.	1
In order to recruit researchers for the focus groups the offices of publishers were used to send out invitations to their authors, editors, and editorial board members, and in most cases the publishers also hosted the focus groups.	3
Using interactions involving the four most popular Twitter hashtags for paleontology, this embedded mixed methods study defined the members of this social world and investigated how they influenced and controlled the flow of information, as well as how their expression of scientific practice was related to their identity.	1
This suggests that firms using Twitter in this context can enhance their transparency and customer service.	5
It is concluded that as Ukrainian journals indexed in Scopus do not operate as quality outlets for international exchange of academic research results, they reflect a case of means–ends decoupling.	5
The term 'war' is the first most interlinked term and the second most occurring term in Balkan - Southeast European studies, making another more general thematic cluster (cluster 6) focusing on war, memories and peace.	4
Received July 28, 2018, and accepted for publication, after revision August 21, 2018.	0
Overall, our analysis identifies a trend towards decreased research output by dermatologists in Australia and New Zealand in the last 5 years.	5
The journal of Biosensors & bioelectronics (ISSN: 0956-5663|1873-4235 (Electronic)) is the dominant source of publications followed by Analytical chemistry, Optics express and Sensors.	4
To this purpose, we rely on the classification developed by CHI Research (Narin, Pinski, & Gee, 1976).	3
Section 2 provides an insight into the existing studies pertaining to the use of GS for scholarly literature and knowledge flows.	0
To investigate and validate the constructs, confirmatory factor analysis, exploratory factor analysis and reliability analysis was conducted.	3
Using Web of Science data, we constructed a dataset of all 11,140 journals indexed in the Web of Science from 1997 to 2018.	2
This means that within its first year of implementation, this workflow can be credited with 77 percent of the repository's growth that year.	4
It considers, respectively, indicators in three databases: Scopus (CiteScore), Web of Science (Impact Factor) and Google Scholar (h5-index).	3
This is consistent with the trends displayed in Figures 1 and 2.	0
Work of Fang Xu is supported by the NSFC under grant no.	0
The most impactful countries were United States, France, Finland, and Canada.	4
A total of 104 doctoral dissertations awarded from 2010 to June 2021 in sociology and dual degrees are included in the research (Table 1).	2
The staff reported that limited research methodology skills, time management, and complex managerial processes were the limitations.	4
Networking: Advancement of dialogue with ORCID and other partners in the PID sector.	1
Finally, the respective average values for the period 1996–2005 are displayed in the last line.	0
For the 2015 references, 57.7% of the monographs are available as ebooks.	4
Second, how can we conceptualise the potentials (and tensions) stemming from collaborative inquiries and organisations in ways that emphasise knowledge in its epistemic and social dimensions and from the perspective of academic communities?	1
The global reputational system remains largely unyielding despite the clear concerns of ECRs.	4
The keyword 'celiac disease' was thus selected as the topic for which to assess author indices.	2
For these reasons I propose using the mathematical properties of Hirsch's (2005) h-index to distinguish between core and periphery targets.	3
In all, 12,237 conference papers from 28 conference series in computer science and information science (Appendix) provide the context of this study.	2
The analysis is located within the innovation systems approach as laid out by Lundvall (1985), Freeman (1987), Nelson and Winter (1992) and more recently Lundvall et al.	3
The effect of AV was greatest on the greater h-indices.	4
In the fractional counting case, a publication is fractionally assigned to each co-author.	3
The primary objective of this research is to conduct a comprehensive and detailed comparison of gendered dropout rates, taking into consideration generational dynamics.	1
The dependent variables, the short-term (Win3all) and long-term (Win10all) scientific impact, are defined as the citation counts of each article in a three-year and a ten-year citation window, respectively.	3
Our findings show that scientific articles are the predominant form of scholarly communication in Google Scholar for our selected fields and countries.	4
Although there was an increased number of contributions from developing countries during the pandemic compared to previous years, high-income countries have continued to shape the global discussion.	5
Semi-structured interviews were conducted with some of his main coauthors and coworkers: Christian Cros, Claude Delmas, Michel Pouchard, and Jean Sénégas.	3
The results obtained will allow the researcher to make decisions regarding from where and in which journals to publish, what researchers to interact with, as well as the recommended language based on the research area of the contribution.	5
Only "citable papers" (articles, notes, letters, reviews, and proceeding papers) that are indexed in the 1996 to 2010 annual volumes of Thomson Reuters' Web of Science (WoS) have been taken into account.	2
In comparison with other computed graph-based metrics in Table 6, we observed Log-Based Weight (p = 0.45, p-value = 2.2e-16) and Katz Centrality (p = 0.42, p-value = 1.4e-14).	4
Descriptive statistics for our data sets are presented in Table 2.	0
Yet the evidence is mixed, as an analysis by Medoff (2006) does not find that self-citations have a significant quantitative effect on the total number of citations an article receives.	0
The robustness of the clustering has been estimated by checking the similarity between the results obtained by hierarchical clustering and the clustering method available in VOSviewer.	4
Second, AntConc (Anthony, 2022), a corpus analysis tool for concordancing and text analysis, was employed to extract lists of n-grams (2–4) in decreasing order of frequency.	3
367), which ranges from ?1 to + 1, with 0 indicating no relationship.	3
In phase 1, we analyzed ResearchGate's patent entitled “Online publication system and method" (Madisch et al., 2018).	2
This study was conducted on the results of an online survey tool that was addressed to all Italian university scholars during the October-December 2013 period.	2
The findings suggest that factors such as networking, sharing of resources, enhancing productivity, educating students, overcoming intellectual isolation, and accomplishments of projects in a short time as well as learning from peers influenced research collaboration in LIS in South Africa.	4
The self-citing rate of JAT was 520/3,697 (14%) and the self-cited rate is 520/4,537 (11.5%).	4
The data was supplemented with information on gender, age, and research area.	2
If a conference presentation is generated from more than one published paper (even from different journals), the average number of citations of the original published papers may be used.	3
Web of Science and Scopus are the largest bibliographic databases of interest to medical professionals.	5
The cohort consisted of 607 plastic surgeons across 91 Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education–approved programs.	2
Between Fall 2014 and Spring 2016, the authors delivered brief, targeted in-person presentations about their faculty publishing initiative to the following academic division meetings at Seaver College: Social Sciences, Business, Humanities & Teacher Education, Religion & Philosophy, Communications, Fine Arts and Natural Sciences.	3
Our methodological suggestion is very specific: we would like to capture the linkages between technology and science, especially the international linkages between a firm in one country and a research institute in another country.	1
This study wishes to assess publishing patterns in cotton research (Gossypium Spp.) with the methods of information science (bibliometrics, scientometrics, science mapping, visualization).	1
A sample of 209 participants having completed the study, a typical response rate in previous work (102 men, 102 women; Mage = 46.11 years, SD = 10.35; 80% White).	2
South African publications had the highest mean impact factor (IF).	4
Using Rao-Stirling (RS) Diversity, sometimes produces anomalous results.	1
During the period from 2018 to 2020, 14 Chinese journals published a combined total of 4,663 documents (comprising articles and reviews) with a cumulative citation count of 90,924.	4
Reducing nutrition-related health problems in Arab countries requires an understanding of the performance of Arab countries in the field of nutrition and dietetics research.	1
To provide for a comprehensive evaluation of research performance, GRBS utilizes the twelve indicators shown in Table 3.	3
The timestamps of the collected data were between 1961 and 2012.	2
In 81% of multi-authored papers, collaboration is domestic.	4
The first cluster includes Middle East Technical University (METU), Hacettepe University and Istanbul Technical University (ITU), which are the only institutions that were ranked in the top 10 along both dimensions.	4
All financial sources are fully and clearly stated in the acknowledgements	0
Given the instability of the web record, it is worth noting when I collected the data from Google Scholar.	0
Median institutional subscription for 1 year was $2082 (range, $38—$5510; 34 journals).	4
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 174 times since 2014*	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Moreover, it is likely that papers published in journals with higher impact factors could more easily be used as future references by other authors.	0
These figures highlight the limitations of using Scopus to determine whether an Africa-based journal is 'predatory'.	4
Acknowledgements The authors thank all the survey participants for their time and efforts.	0
And how can the impact of retractions occurring after the publication of a review be reduced?	1
We show how federal policies, university cultures, and local organizational structures significantly impacted forms of interdisciplinary practice and identity.	4
P-index gives a value 3–4 percent higher than g and it is holistic index as it uses complete data of citations.	4
In this study, we aimed to analyse their research activity and publication output.	1
Rather than make normative judgements about these publishers, our research involved careful empiricism.	3
Statistical analyses were performed using Stata version 10.1 (StataCorp LP, College Station, TX).	3
This phenomenon is further amplified by the large number of multi-disciplinary journals in China's social sciences, and prompts this study to explore the influence of discipline consistency between papers and published journals on citations.	1
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content in a trusted digital archive.	0
The proposed solution is based on commonalities in citation behavior, but remains a hierarchical and divisive clustering tree.	5
We retained a final sample of N = 270 manuscripts.	2
This sample was obtained by utilizing Scopus (Elsevier, 2023) to identify US-China bilateral publications on COVID-19-related research published between January 2020 and January 2022.	2
For a large number of the interviewees who had been involved in the launch and development of an OAMJ, the challenge associated with managing rapid growth and high article output was seen as the key operational issue.	4
While preprints are not a substitute for peer-reviewed publications, they could be considered in case faster dissemination of the research is important for global healthcare.	5
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 55(4):326–332, 2004	0
We evaluated median citation rates by decade of publication using the Kruskal-Wallis test.	3
This study explores the evolution of institutional collaborations in articles published in the Strategic Management Journal between 1980 and 2014 via descriptive analysis and social network analysis.	1
In this study, we update our routines previously based on IPC for CPC and use the occasion for rethinking various parameter choices.	1
It can be noticed that the p of WoS is greater than that of Scopus: 7.4 % against 4.2 %.	4
Authors have no conflict of interest, and the work was not supported or funded by any drug company.	0
A total of 103 articles were included in the list because the last four articles had identical absolute number of citations (246 citations) (Table 1).	2
Four thousand six hundred sixteen articles from India assessed from the aspect of citations received distributions of source countries, institutes, journals, impact factor, words in the title, author keywords.	2
The empirical detour is just to give some feeling of the value of the analytical framework developed in this paper.	0
To determine the most frequently explored topics in these HCPs, we used both corpus-based analysis of word frequency and manual checking.	3
More specifically, a total of 180 publications were identified in the WOS core collection citation indexes web database as the retrieval time was on February 18, 2017 (data last updated: February 16, 2017).	2
In this study we focus on characteristics of SBs that have not or hardly been investigated previously.	1
RQ 5 Can altmetrics serve as an authentic and reliable medium to classify the quality tiers of AJG, JCR, and SNIP?	1
Editors, journals and publishers are the un- or underfunded conduits that enable the transfer of massive research subsidies to universities and authors, and, in the case of journals, editors’ voluntary work is the concealed link in the value chain enabling the national research economy.	4
Rather, our comparison between the Netherlands and Italy reveals major differences in the national design of bibliometric research assessment: The Netherlands follows a model of bibliometric professionalism, whereas Italy follows a centralized bureaucratic model that co-opts academic elites.	3
This means that a 20th ranked journal would correspond to an h-ratio of roughly 0.537 and an AWCR-ratio of 0.290, at least among economics journals.	0
Of the 206 responding schools, 83 (40%) provided their departmental or school IDJ lists that those schools utilized in evaluating faculty research across all business disciplines, including business ethics.	2
We imported the data obtained from the three search strategies into NVivo to analyse.	3
The complete set of query and reference papers were distributed among 124 human raters for User Study based ranking.	2
This has led to a rise in the use of altmetrics, which are metrics based on social media data, news pieces, blogs, and more.	1
The study is based on data from the Main Science and Technology Indicators 2013/2 (OECD 2014).	2
Accordingly, the following research questions are addressed in this study: ?	1
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.	0
Given that we do not have a statistically significant correlation for the hexmap cohort, we fail to confirm H1(a), which stated that users who score higher on a spatial ability test will be able to better memorize the position of the text labels in a screenshot of the visualization.	4
4 0958-2029/08/010004-13 US$08.00 Beech Tree Publishing 2008 Research Evaluation March 2008	0
The main objective of this study was to assess research output in Urology and Nephrology subject from the Arab countries.	1
We also took the h high-frequency agencies to construct core collaboration networks, based on the calculation of h index (Hirsch 2005).	3
It is interesting to note that the o value that maximizes the matching is 1.85 (p.	4
To address our first concern, we write optimal quality solely in terms of model parameters and coefficients.	3
The comparison of all four ERA data collections demonstrates an overall improvement in ratings across universities, with most improving substantially.	5
Since the growth of literature data from 1988 to 2017 is increasing comparatively fast in PKG, we select the papers within these 30 years as our target range of research objects.	2
Scopus-indexed journal articles 1996–2018 were used to address the research questions.	2
More surprisingly, all of the top 10 patentees belong to Japan, demonstrating that Japan was particularly focused on the membrane water treatment technology (Kimura 1985).	0
In 2018, the ATP questionnaire, in an Arabic version of 25 statements, was distributed to measure positive and negative ATP as well as the subjective norms.	2
The core influence of paper v is the core number of vertex v in the undirected version of R(v).	3
The purpose of this paper is to study whether OPR is conducive to science in terms of citations from two perspectives, to support the open science movement.	1
In total, after filtering and cleaning the raw data, we gather 2,349,719 publications from 102,969 researchers in all areas of science.	2
The data for the current study were extracted from ESI on November 20, 2020 and saved for analysis using Microsoft Excel spreahsheet.	2
The results of the present study confirm the findings of previous studies, such as Aksnes and Sivertsen (2004), that citation distributions are extremely skewed.	5
The study also investigates research performance as well as examines the most influential authors and collaboration networks on institutional and individual levels.	1
This paper tries to find out whether the reference terms of a target citation can be represented as topics derived from its citation contexts or not.	1
The results carry potential insights for policy-makers concerned with the issues and inequalities in this area to provide fair opportunities at the proper phase of the academic career for all researchers who desire to communicate and collaborate with their international colleagues.	5
The predictions for SNIP values for 2016 (to be published in mid-2017) and 2017 (to be published in mid-2018) are as follows: ?	4
The experimental data for this paper were derived mainly from the ACM digital library.	2
Energy generation and waste management are other relevant fields that show an interesting evolution, revealing signs of growth in research, together with the emergence of sub-areas reflecting consolidating research specialties.	4
The aim of this study is to use the HSS project and paper data regarding the two types of funds to analyse the effect of funding policies on research topics.	1
Moreover, when we fully adjust marginals to give all fields the same number of articles and citations, there is little interfield difference in citation inequality.	5
Specifically, our model explained 84.1% of the variance in unit-level output GPAs in REF2021.	5
Flow chart describing collection of higher education internationalization publications from the Scopus index.	0
To address our research questions, journal article data from 2002 to 2011 were obtained from the Thomson Reuters Web of Science database.	2
The additional 1 or 2 years of training to obtain a PhD over a Masters degree significantly nurtures trainees to hone research skills within a supervised environment and should be encouraged for research-inclined residents.	5
This study shows that not only experienced researchers, but also researchers who publish papers with them have the advantage of the speed of publication.	5
This paper asks whether the interconnectedness of researchers on social media is associated with more interconnectedness in their collaboration and citation networks.	1
The experimental result shows the competence of proposed method over the year based h-indices and also the index value of year based EM-index and EM'-index has marginal difference.	5
For document number, primary profile median was 46 (IQR: 16–127), combined profiles median was 55 (IQR: 22–148), and percent loss median was 16.2% (IQR: 7%–36%) (P < 0.001).	4
(2) What is the trend in terms of document co-citation in the field of mythology and is there any difference in time?	1
Citations were retrieved from the Web of Science and compared with their (1) manuscript length, (2) number of authors, (3) number of affiliated institutions, (4) number of international co-authors, (5) number of cited references, (6) number of words in the title, and (7) mode of publication (open versus paid access).	3
This article describes and shows some initial results of these new contributions to inform other academic institutions developing policies that incorporate ECRs within their multidisciplinary networks.	1
Among 86 articles, the article about supervisory coaching behavior published by Ellinger and her colleagues (2003) in HRDQ was the most frequently cited (174).	4
Publisher: Taylor & Francis & Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group	0
Ra were more often based in the country of the authors than Re (57.80% and 24.85%, respectively; x2 = 30.5979, p < .0001).	4
To avoid this kind of pitfall the present study used qualitative data analysis and examined the actual content of each and every thesis rather than relying solely on the authors’ keywords.	3
One reason KISTI published JISTaP was to test and improve ACOMS 4.0, and it can be said that the two have developed together.	4
Our analyses point to ensuring adequate reviewer competence and integrity as key to trust in grant review processes.	5
We conducted a retrospective study of residency match (highly selective vs less selective), job type (academic vs non-academic), and postmedical school publications (any vs none).	3
The 180 publications were published in four different languages, although English was the predominant language of publications on OGD research (174), making up 96.67 percent of the total (Xie et al., 2008).	4
The keywords used for retrieving valid data records were “aquatic ecosystem*” or “water ecosystem*” or “aquatic ecological system*” or “water ecological system*” or “watershed ecosystem*” or “watershed ecological system*” and the period covered was from 1992 to 2011.	2
The Full Record and Cited References of a total of 2697 articles and review manuscripts (2680 articles and 17 reviews) published in TR-Part B from 1979 to 2019 were downloaded from WoS to conduct the analysis throughout the paper.	2
By the year 2015, China became the first country in terms of publication quantity, with the US becoming the second, though with almost close quantities (8807 vs 8745).	4
The conclusion is that theoretical physicists regained interest in graphene around 3 years after the publication of the ‘Novoselov paper’.	5
Thus, exclusion of sources smaller than 2% changed the distribution pattern from a normal distribution to a distribution pattern roughly resembling an exponential decay.	4
The Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports (JCR) covers about 12,000 academic journals and reports three useful measures of the content of each covered journal.	2
Female scholars publish twenty-three percent less of papers per person than male scholars and scholars of private institutions publish thirty-six percent less of papers than scholars of public institutions.	4
The strong partnerships in science between countries are rooted in such reasons.	5
How can we best visualise research co-publication within Africa?	3
A general bibliometric study is used to classify statistical information of its publications and then to analyze its performance.	3
The average number of authors per article was 5.2, and the median of four authors per article, reinforces a value close to the average.	4
The conclusion of the study is that Sri Lankan universities should reinforce their Web policies and improve Web site content while encouraging the Web engagement of potential contributors from the university staff by strengthening their Web publishing skills.	5
Downloaded from http://jme.bmj.com/ on May 24, 2015 - Published by group.bmj.com	0
The extracted domain keywords are utilized to calculate the MAATrica score, which provides a comprehensive evaluation of the research article's content.	3
The studies covering research in LIS can be viewed from two distinct perspectives.	0
This example illustrates the danger in using sophisticated mathematical analysis to jump to practical conclusions (of sometimes life-changing consequences) in the delicate issues under consideration.	0
In the last decade, research was primarily focused on "Genetic Diversity,” “Polymorphism,” “Comparative Genomics,” “Phylogeny," Random amplification of polymorphic DNA (RAPD),” “Single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP),” “Polymerase chain reaction (PCR),” “Gene Expression,” etc.	4
Of the 1023 files analyzed, 638 require PhD students to be either the first author or the second author when their supervisor is listed as the first author (as shown in Fig.	4
Table 2 captures the most recent data on the proportion of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) that is expended on R&D in these countries (NEPAD, 2019; UNESCO IUS, 20213).	2
The analysis shows that eight clusters can be identified in Health Sciences (Figure 1).	4
There are currently 474 technology classes and approximately 161 000 technology codes.	2
This paper presents a current overview of the main productive and influential countries around the world in the computer science field.	1
A total of 25 497 research articles and 3668 reviews were retrieved from WOSCC, from 2000 to 2020 in English.	4
The top 100 articles from all journals and the top 100 articles from OBGYN journals were evaluated for specific characteristics.	2
in cases of multiple authorships, we use the 'normal count'; i.e.	3
The method involved circulating a data gathering instrument among these 55 members (the fiche presented in Appendix I) into which they had had the chance to shape the questions and prompts, providing SSH researchers with the opportunity to describe cases of how impact had resulted from research activities in their own words.	3
Then, Portionp,t is defined for each topic in a corpus P as the number of papers explained by t divided by the size of P as follows:	0
The map was created by Huai-yu Yang using Adobe Photoshop CS5 (Adobe inc, San Jose, CA, USA, https://helpx.adobe.com/photoshop/kb/plug-insphotoshop-cs5.html).	0
GDP was positively correlated (Spearman's rho, 0.723; p=0.000) with the volume of hip publication, whereas GDP per capita was not (Spearman's rho, 0.171; p=0.225).	4
We employed reflexive thematic analysis as our method of data analysis, combining both inductive and experiential approaches [11].	3
Countries were grouped into historical income classifications as defined by the World Bank: World Bank Analytical Classifications dataset (The World Bank Group, n.d.).	3
Overall, authors publishing in the journal Information have drawn from many different sources (e.g., journal papers, books, book chapters, and conference proceedings).	5
Moreover, government assistance weakens the relationship between evaluation and research productivity but strengthens the relationship between management and research productivity.	4
Those who finished or were close to finishing the programme reported becoming convinced that academia was the 'place for them', that research is what they wanted to do.	4
Figure 10 shows that, in comparison to the scientific knowledge attribute feature, the knowledge network structure feature has a more noticeable effect on the prediction performance for the role transition pace of scientific knowledge.	4
We sought to clarify research productivity of surgeon-scientist training program graduates and compare research publication in peer-reviewed journals between residents and surgeons completing clinical-only training to those obtaining a Masters or PhD degree.	1
The number of publications and citations was counted because this is the basic method of bibliometrics (Ding, 2010; Moed, 2005).	3
The exclamation mark in “SO!” was coined by the founding editors of the journal (see http://www.rotman.utoronto.ca/~baum/so.html).	0
Second, we compare the reference lists as they appear in these three sources.	3
This paper aims to analyze the implications of the Emerging Source Citation Index (ESCI), from Clarivate Analytics, as an assessment tool.	1
It provides a principled approach for identifying publications that appear to play a major role in the historical development from an older to a more recent publication.	5
A total of nine scholars confirmed that they would be happy to be interviewed on a one-to-one basis.	2
Furthermore, relatively flat fractional authorship curves clearly show that individual productivity stayed roughly the same in the last 50 years.	4
In all cases, Green access positively affects the relationship between other types of access and citation count.	5
The percentage of citations in top-25 %-journals, as well as the percentage of citations in journals from Reuben's research area, declined sharply after 2009.	4
Most studies reported funding in both versions (87%), and a quarter of these added at least one funder to the peer-reviewed version.	4
a Core countries are those appearing in the a The summary statistics for these variables are computed for the subsample of respondents with an international research network of at least 1 country.table; noncore are all others.	0
The setup was designed to mimic some of the relevant characteristics of journal peer review in a minimalistic and well-controlled experimental paradigm: competition and cooperation, a high-dimensional space of possible creative products, different outlets for publication, and a sequence of rounds of production and evaluation with feedback.	3
The 100 most cited articles were all English and published between 1973 and 2017, with 81 published after 2000.	4
The estimation results in Table 5 suggest that the top-tier journal status is significantly positive for the outfield citations but not the infield citations, nor the total citations.	4
In this paper, I argue that it is the pressure to produce eye-catching results, which are publishable in prestigious journals, that undermines the integrity of science.	1
The International Bibliography of Social Sciences (IBSS) database was used to obtain additional information on journal publications that have more than three authors.	2
We collected publications in the field defined as AI in computer science (AICS) from Clarivate Web of Science (WOS) (Clarivate, 2023).	2
A total of 23 interviews were conducted with representatives from partner agencies.?	2
There were 82 retractions and withdrawals for COVID-19 articles, 1 for human influenza, and 5 for articles that contain both terms; these were mainly related to ethical misconduct, and 27 (31.0%) were published by the same group of authors in one highest-quartile journal.	4
This is used to compute the final Article Citation Impact (ACI) of each article in the collection of pertinent articles, as described in Section 3.3.	0
The main aim of the study was to set a framework for new researchers in the field of LIS, so that they may get to know about the publications, authors, institutions and contributions of countries in LIS filed of digital libraries.	5
Again, it seems that what is described as aspects of criteria for good research are descriptions of the utility of contributions.	4
The trackback feature was originally conceived to develop certain blog discourse as an alternative or complementary form of peer review.	5
The digital tool used was WorldCat, a collaborative venture in which libraries contribute their records to a consortium collection, which then repackage them as a composition catalog.	2
Fig 1 is a conceptual model of how citation networks can be used to quantitatively analyze social validation.	3
The basic method is semantic graph modeling, implemented in the Semograph information system, the operational units being sets of keywords reflected in the extended abstracts of the supported projects, grouped in term fields.	3
Findings showed that a relatively small number of articles (N = 43) generated 721 second generation citations within a 5 year period.	5
The “club convergence” and “spatial spillover” effects of the NQPKE are an important and indispensable strategy in the process of upgrading the NQPKE, and the balanced development of the NQPKE between regions can be achieved through strengthening international synergistic cooperation and interaction exchanges.	5
Our second objective is to verify if multiple patent metrics and economic indicators can offer better insight about the stage of development of an emerging industry.	1
Overall, men authors obtain higher representation, research productivity, and seniority.	4
KEYWORDS / Academic Evaluation / Citation Statistics / Peer Review / Sistema Nacional de Investigadores / SNI /	0
Given the increasing amount of international scientific collaboration and global knowledge sourcing, we ask about the determinants of this phenomenon on the country level.	1
In this paper an analysis of the presence and possibilities of altmetrics for bibliometric and performance analysis is carried out.	1
As DescriptiveBC aims at providing numerical inter-article similarity as well as textual descriptive terms to indicate why two articles are related, we compare DescriptiveBC with previous techniques for inter-article similarity estimation and indicative term identification.	1
The authors meticulously analyse the published research works to gain a deeper understanding of focus areas through word cluster analyses on title words and keywords.	3
The study analyzes the productivity and influence of the journal and shows the leading topics, authors, institutions and countries.	1
The artefactual dimension comprises analysis of the artefacts, methods, tools and services through the use of which societal impact is realized.	1
Supported in part by the Ludwig Boltzmann Foundation, Institute for Gynaecologic Oncology and Fertility Treatment.	0
In this article we consider peer decisions in a collection of academic job openings in Portuguese universities and look for ways to design a model based on bibliometric indicators that may emulate these results.	1
The wide range of citing journals may represent first, the broad nature of anaesthesia/critical care and the large potential for crossover relevance between it and other areas, and second, the multitude of medical/science journals that now exist.	5
Linked to these authors are 25,986,133 distinct papers, limited to full research papers and reviews published in journals.	2
To assess the impact of Societies Without Borders, we first adapted two dimensions of Haustein's model: (1) citation-based indicators and (2) journal perception and usage.	3
And, finally, the concept of the 'peer' is contested sufficiently that it problematizes the potential for blogs to become sites of peer review.	5
To assess the impact of collaborations, as measured by the various network measures described above, on publications and patents, we propose the following model: Yit = a + β?Xit + β?X2it + d?	3
The author selected 15 search topics from chemical engineering graduate theses at McGill University that covered the five research areas explored in that department, ran searches on these topics in relevant databases, and calculated the recall of the results for individual searches performed in each of the databases.	2
Acknowledgements This study was partially funded by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) Grant Nos.	0
(For interpretation of reference to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.)	0
On the other hand, the measures of disease burden for dementia in SEA countries were not significantly associated with research productivity.	4
The main objective of this study is to predict emerging research topics in scientific fields.	1
Received: 31 March 2020; Accepted: 25 April 2020; Published: 3 May 2020	0
Rejected articles totaled 324 (74%), with 137 (42%) finding subsequent publication an average of 22 months (SD, 11 months) after rejection by the AJO-DO.	4
In the following we give two examples to illustrate this logical combination and the option of fine-tuning.	0
Thus, it is imperative for other members of the BRICS bloc to take a leaf out of China's S&T policy if they want to compete with the leaders in scientific production.	5
All the regular articles published in PAID during the 2008-2016 period were selected and subsequently analyzed.	2
On the departmental level, a group of 14 elite departments dominated the authority centrality of the entire network between 1950 and 2019.	4
The bibliometric analysis summarizes 1619 orthopedic articles related to COVID-19, providing a basis for understanding publications and citations according to journal, countries, and authors.	5
(2020)—it can be concluded that predatory marketing journals are being cited extensively and that they have already contaminated the conventional marketing scholarly literature.	5
Our findings support doubts about whether the assessment of books based on a judgement about their publishers yields acceptable outcomes.	4
China is by far the most productive nation, and also attracts the most citations; however, the impact of individual papers (i.e.	4
The author thanks Ronald Rousseau and Alain Maricau (KHBO) for help in revising the original article, and the reviewers for some useful suggestions.	0
those measuring the share of a country's articles, citations, or highly-cited articles relative to the world total.	5
Conclusions are presented concerning shortcomings in editorial processes that allow duplication of publications along with the factual impossibility of detecting duplication in cases of simultaneous submission of the manuscript to different journals, the insufficient use by journal editors of means for detecting inappropriate borrowings and the need to retract a significant number of articles in connection with the identified violations.	5
The results show that the geometric mean is the most precise, closely followed by the percentage of a country's articles in the top 50% most cited articles for a field, year and document type.	4
It is clear that citation counts and Altmetric scores measure different aspects of scientific publications.	5
The analysis confirms the results of Zhang et al.	5
The text in parenthesis at the end of each factor in Table 1 indicates the abbreviated code of the corresponding factor, which is being used throughout this study.	0
The publications in English have enabled doctors/scientists to share/exchange information at the international level; the publications in the Chinese language provides complementary educational approaches for the local doctors to understand the essential and key information to manage COVID- 19 in the relatively remote regions of China for the general population.	5
Our work deepens the understanding of emergent behavior in research institutions and their role in facilitating collaborations.	1
The steps in executing a collaborative project are presented in Figure 2, and outlined below.	0
The preliminary model sheds light on the explanation of the incentives that researchers perceive in an integrative way for the set of knowledge areas of universities.	5
As of July 2017, over 6000 patients aged 1-81 years have been included in the Reference Analytics Morphomics Population.	2
The search strategy involved combining terms related to insulin resistance with RCT-related terms.	2
We abstained from including the commands for producing the other maps in this article, because the procedure is very similar.	0
The experiment resulted in a 0.913 value for λ and 213.55 for γ, which demonstrates that the ATSN satisfies small-world characteristics and has a structure unlike that of a random network.	4
Statistics are drawn from APA’s (now retired) Journal Back Office management system reports.	2
In addition, and before we sent out any ORCID information to the Law School community, I created a spreadsheet with a list of faculty members with information about whether or not they had an ORCID iD, what their iD number was, or if their registration status was unclear.	3
In the lower time series, the meaning of android evolves to include the mobile phone operating system.	0
We collected the inventors and authors of these patents and citations, unified the formatting of their names, and built the inventor-author knowledge flow network accordingly.	2
To finding out obstacles that prevent authors from publishing in journals included in leading A&I databases.	1
The findings presented in this paper support the hypothesis that the development of collaborative networks is a good strategy for countries to enhance the impact of their research.	5
2 The Business School, University of Colorado Denver, 1475 Lawrence Street, Denver, CO 80202, USA	0
The bloggers discussed in this study list their names and institutional affiliations on their blogs, with one exception: a blogger who writes under the pseudonym ‘Capitalist Imperialist Pig' (2004–2016).	2
The analysis provided in this study is based on the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED) database of Web of Science from Thomson Reuters (updated on 10 April 2016).	2
First, we selected a random sample of nursing dissertations for analysis from Proquest's Dissertations and Theses Full Text Database.	2
This study assessed the impact of adding an edus2 ultrasound simulator on the diagnostic capabilities of resident and attending physicians participating in simulated trauma scenarios.	1
In this work we construct, analyze, and study the ColNet of biomedical researchers in the Arab world.	5
By utilizing ORCID identifiers, Digital Object Identifiers, and the CRediT contributor role taxonomy, technician contribution can be quantified, recognized, and valuable additional data can be created for the planning and management of future research.	3
The means and standard deviations of the measures, based on only those who applied for federal research support during the past five years, reported in Table A of the Appendix.	0
The countries were classified into high-income, middle-income and low-income countries in terms of the World Bank income criteria (www.worldbank.org).	3
In contrast, the highest values of SSI are detected for low-population regions where there are few research organizations, which are primarily special-focus.	4
Of the 5346 articles that we analyzed, we were unable to determine the author's/authors' gender for 373 (7%), reducing our sample to 4973 articles.	2
As a result, the sample includes 36 corporations in life science and biomedicine, 13 in physical science and 43 in technology.	2
The results of the analysis revealed that the pharmaceutical industry is also acknowledging the utility of preprints in the faster dissemination of data prior to peer-reviewed publication.	5
Data sharing statement Unpublished data from the survey can be obtained upon request from AR.	0
Do highly productive researchers have significantly higher probability to produce top cited papers?	1
This interventional study assessed Iranian universities of medical sciences' websites from the periods of Jan 2015, Jul 2015 and Jan 2016.	1
In this paper, CiteSpace software is used for co-authorship network analysis1; this software is a free application based on Java.	3
For these 291 papers, 378 experts have completed 890 reviews and submitted their decisions, which include provisional acceptance pending revision, acceptance, or rejection.	2
To avoid impairment of these relationships, they can instead be mapped using the Jaccard similarity matrix (Equation (2)).	3
This study aims to gain an improved understanding of academic books by jointly analyzing the altmetric and citation indicators.	1
The third study objective is to examine how normative impact varies as a function of the following factors, department (psychology vs.	1
Received 25 April 2023, accepted 15 May 2023, date of publication 25 May 2023, date of current version 6 June 2023.	0
1Durrell Institute of Conservation and Ecology, University of Kent, Canterbury, UK	0
Overall beta regression of CPR as a function of citation rate illustrates that though CPR increases with increasing citation rate, the relationship has considerable variation, as should be expected if CPR captures sub-field specific citation influence.	4
A final list of 14 refined indicators clustered into six categories (i.e., funding/economic; dissemination; scientific/technological; regulatory and policy; public health trends; education, training, and job opportunities) (see Table A in [15]) was used to analyse EC-funded AD, BC, and PC research across the four analysed framework programmes.	3
and 2) How is the expression of scientific practice within the social world related to self-identity with the domain of paleontology?	1
Our empirical strategy is to estimate the effect of research spending on knowledge production using plausibly exogenous variation in spending due to endowment value shocks.	3
The data consist of five datasets: (1) high-quality publications (N21); (2) near high-quality publications (N82); (3) high-impact publications in SCI (SCI100); (4) high-impact publications in SSCI (SSCI100); and (5) high-impact publications in A&HCI (A&HCI 100).	2
This study found proposal risks—more than proposal strengths—to be a score-driving factor in the peer review of moderate- to high quality proposals.	5
In particular, we characterize meaningful research as an essentially contested concept and argue that quantitative metrics should always be accompanied by operationalized instructions for their proper use and continuously evaluated via feedback loops.	1
As a consequence, we focused on some specific field codes.	3
The four journals most frequently mentioned when asked which journal access would deliver the greatest improvements to the respondent's IUCN-related work were Conservation Biology, Biological Conservation, Nature, and Science.	4
Titles, abstracts, and the semantic content of documents remained similar, although publications were typically longer than preprints.	4
The following indicators were raised for each country: number of produced documents, total of citations, self-citations, average of citations per document and index h.	3
In contrast to DMR, g-DMR overcomes this problem by proposing Legendre TDF.	5
The implications of these analyses of serials usage at BLLD have been highlighted by the finding of Gordon Williams, former director of the Center for Research Libraries in Chicago, that the journals most requested for interlibrary loan correspond closely to those most used in individual libraries.	0
The Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) is used to determine the topic characteristics of sample articles.	3
To approximate the posterior distribution (P(Z|X)), we propose the BBVI-EM algorithm based on the variational EM algorithm [33] and BBVI [39].	3
By analyzing citations appearing in articles written by AOML affiliated authors published from 2011-2012, this study addresses the following research questions:	1
The primary FAER grant mentor for over one-third of interview participants was a nonanesthesiologist.	4
For the usage data, the study utilized the publisher-provided COUNTER full-text download usage reports from 35 commercial and professional publishers and four aggregators – EBSCO, ProQuest, Ovid, and JSTOR.	2
The metadata used in this study were obtained from the Core Collection of the Web of Science (WoS) database from Clarivate Analytics (London, United Kingdom).	2
Publications reported for Manipulation of data and figures are the majority (62.2%), followed by Critical reviews (15.8%), and Publishing fraud (9.6%).	4
This paper has two goals: first to provide comprehensive background information on the payment for publication landscape as it currently stands to assist libraries with providing information to researchers; and second to explore the management aspects of publication payment.	1
The proposed JDC method in this study is an extension of Salton's term differentiation model.	5
Are there changes in researchers’ tendencies to collaborate across institutional boundaries over the same period of time?	1
To get a picture of the present days, we have chosen to extract, from the Web of Science, the DNA Repair articles published between 2006 and 2008.	2
Of the total citations received by the China during the period of study, 56.84% are self-citations, which is highest in the world.	4
Therefore, it can be concluded that the publications of finite mixture model papers are shaped mainly by developed countries.	5
Once the journals had been selected, we proceeded to extract the Web references from the articles published during the years indicated (only the articles listed in the section of research articles were analysed not reviews, notes, etc.).	3
The ranking generated by the algorithm can be viewed as a measure of the average quality of the papers published in the journal, as judged by the REF Economics and Econometrics sub-panel, based on the outputs submitted to the REF.	1
However, within the Business domain, the selected Finance journals appear to be high impact knowledge hubs while the selected Economics journals appear to be high impact journals despite weak citation activity.	4
The indicator of performance orientation has been computed for a subset of 12 countries, for which reasonably complete data were available, i.e.	2
and S?? based on the Top 1% Citations Median (TOPCM?) and the Top 10% Citations Median (TTPCM?) has been introduced (for more details, see Hu and Rousseau (2016; 2017)):	3
H-index is defined as “the number of papers with citation number higher or equal to h” (Hirsch 2005), and it is often used as a single number providing information on the size of the publication output of research and the citation impact of these publications (Bornmann and Daniel 2007; Bornmann et al.	3
The objective of this study was to understand the proper implementation of the institutional repositories (IRs) as an infrastructure for scholarly communication.	1
This type of analysis of the DEA bibliography has not been done before and provides new insight and a sort of conceptual map that can be useful for DEA practitioners and researchers alike.	5
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Bone anchorage was the most recurrent topic (7.2%).	4
We calculated descriptive statistics (average, median, range) on the h-index and the number of publications and the period over which these were produced for each researcher.	3
By identifying the retrieved 1134 articles, 3263 key words and 16729 references were obtained in the end.	2
We discuss the trend towards using quantitative metrics for evaluating research.	1
The estimates further show that physical capital is positively related to real per capita GDP growth, while the study observes that population growth spurs negative economic growth at 1 % significance level.	4
This contribution presents a bibliometric evaluation of articles published in JAT between 1977 and 2023 (July issue), and included advance articles not yet assigned to an issue.	1
In the current study, Scopus was used because it is 100% inclusive of MEDLINE.	2
As shown in Table 3, in simulation 1–3, our model has significantly improved the estimation accuracy of Qa in terms of all evaluation metrics.	4
The impact indicators based on the number of citations received show the most significant variations among the highly productive authors, with some authors presenting a high degree of citation (e.g., authors 1, 5, 9, 2, 13, and 7 have received the most citations for their work, and authors 5, 13, and 16 particularly stand out, garnering mean citation rates for each article that are well above the rest).	4
it did not meet the requirements of a general multiple linear regression), we modified the model using a negative binomial regression applicable to asymmetric datasets.	3
Citation analysis provides an objective and quantitative measure of the impact that an article has on its respective field, and can help to demystify some of the uncertainty associated with controversial topics such as hypospadiology over the last eight decades.	5
In the WoS Core Collection, there were a total of 34,086 results for “beta-carotene” (β-carotene).	4
In this rejoinder, we examine the comments offered in letters by Judit Bar-Ilan, Rodrigo Costas and Thomas Franssen, as well as Lutz Bornmann and Loet Leydesdorff, to offer additional insight and critique.	1
The main drawback of the system is its high dependence on external data sources.	5
While prior work has examined antecedents and performance implications of these trends, it is not clear how size and interdisciplinarity relate to teams' internal organization, especially the division of labor (DoL) between members.	1
Overall, our study, although limited to three disciplinary networks, suggests that co-citation analysis that inadequately considers disciplinary differences may not be very useful at detecting universal features of impactful publications.	5
Acknowledgements The author would like to convey her sincerest appreciation to Dr.	0
The top twenty high-publication libraries from 2003 to 2012 were from public research universities, unlike two earlier studies that found private university libraries among the top twenty.	4
Of the 426 pairs of applicants that can be identified in the 27 openings considered, Model 1 (described in detail earlier) was able to predict correctly 75% of the orderings.	4
In addition, the emerging trends are revealed through the analyses of timeline view and burst detection.	3
The full symmetric matrix for all 44 domains is available in Online Resource 4.	0
The maximum number of citations were attracted by original articles (97, 1146 (11.81)), which were approximately 1.5 times higher than the letters to the editor (158, 743 (4.70)) and 3 times higher than review articles (9, 387 (43)).	4
The interdisciplinary intensity of research topics in LIS shows an increasing trend, indicating that with the development of society, the research questions faced by LIS are becoming more complex.	4
To conform with the standards of reproducible research, R [24] scripts and R data objects have been posted at: http://www.	0
No correlation was reported for students' education because all students had the same numeric value for education as measured.	0
We document consistent gender differences in scientific communication across two grant-awarding institutions: female applicants are more likely to use language with high readability, concreteness, and narrow words and are less likely to use positive words and broad words and to concentrate in a single medical subject.	1
For each policy document, we noted the structure and purpose of the document, the type of research that was used (if any), how different types of research were used and in what component of the document, and whether the processes for accessing any cited research had been described.	3
From the DeWitt Daughtry Family Department of Surgery, Division of Surgical Oncology, University of Miami Miller School of Medicine, Fla	0
The amount of editorial misconduct incidents collected during this study that occurred during interactions with professional organization journals (6 journals responsible for over 55% of incidents) indicate their lack of publishing ethics documentation has had a disproportionate and adverse impact on LIS research.	5
This data is obtained from Thomson Reuters' Web of Science (WOS), by examining the country of affiliation of all authors of the citing and cited publications in Economics journals.	2
As shown, 98 universities were established in Iraq, with about 800,260 students distributed as 778,000 for undergraduate and 22,260 for postgraduate studies.	2
The substantial differences in economics and business administration before the reunification are likely to be related to politics, and are in accordance with the historical circumstances that we described in the chapter “Historical background”.	5
We also show that academics working in high-ranked institutions would give up more citations for 4* journal publication than those working at lower-ranked institutions.	4
(Received 15 October 2021; revised 08 January 2022; accepted 21 April 2022; first published online 30 May 2022)	0
This study proposes new evaluation indices for papers and groups.	1
The Python programming language was used for data collection, with the support of the open-source code Python library BeautifulSoup, one of the most popular options for performing web scraping.	2
Therefore we have chosen Austria, Belgium, Finland, the Netherlands, Portugal and Sweden for our comparison.	2
This work was supported by the National Research Foundation of Korea (NRF) grant funded by the Korea government (MSIP) (2013R1A2A1A09004699).	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
This concerns the second research question investigated: ‘Do academic researchers' characteristics affect their perceptions on research integrity enablers?'	1
According to the keyword search for the healthcare domain, a pie chart of the journal citation analysis, as shown in figure 4, the top-ranked journal in terms of citations was the British Medical Journal (BMJ).	4
The first is an attitudinal survey based on Likert scale, which is presented in the text as a stacked histogram in order of level of recognition with different colors for different tendencies and detailed numbers and percentages.	3
Some reviews were simply based on one or a few keyword searches and on the comparison of numbers of keyword search retrievals.	0
In both cases the group’s normalized citation impact should be the same.	0
Journal j1 is the highest ranked at 3.00.	4
This paper shows that two distributions widely-used in economics, namely the Dagum and Singh-Maddala models, possess several advantages over the two-exponent model.	1
Our bibliometric and scientometric analysis of medical MRI from 1988 to 2022 explored this field of research in Arab countries.	5
The h-index and total citations experienced decreases of 2.8 ±5.0% (P<0.0001) and 4.5 ± 4.6% (P<0.0001), respectively, after correction for self-citation.	4
Trend analysis of publications in the top 3 journals and the types of authors in this study.	0
We considered journals in the same quartile as having similar “impact” or “academic quality.”	3
Pearson's correlation coefficients were calculated to assess potential correlations with the emotional exhaustion and depersonalization subscales of the Maslach Burnout Inventory (MBI).	3
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Our results suggest that recognizing and working with differences benefited these colleagues.	4
There was no significant relationship between a country's baseline publication rate and future publication rate.	4
This article discusses potential consequences of implementing bibliometrics as an institutionalized practice in academic libraries.	1
Although the validity of these regression equations could still be investigated in additional cross-validation studies, an alternative approach to predicting future h indices is outlined and illustrated in this paper.	5
In the case of arts research, we mainly focused on the pitfalls of fast neoliberal and competitive science: moving at the edge of the artistic community; leaving behind artistic ways of communication; borrowing scientific and philosophical theory, losing artistic authenticity; and the move from performance to performativity.	3
The temporal analysis reveals interesting patterns and the progressive delocalization of knowledge producers.	4
Regional engagement: This dimension shows more challenges for collecting relevant and comparable data.	4
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00-00, 2018	0
Our ultimate objectives are to propose recommendations intended to improve the way in which authors and databases include funding information, and in the long term, to enhance the reliability and usefulness of studies based on funding acknowledgments.	1
The citation rate was not significantly different between funded and unfunded articles (p = 0.166).	4
It provides a new, complementary, and visual perspective for future researchers to examine Hofstede's theory.	5
In this study, we propose a pioneering methodology that deploys multiple models tailored to distinct research domains and integrates early citation data.	1
An example is where Scopus provides a huge database of research output of countries in terms of totals per subject field (SJR–SCImago Journal & Country Rank, 2007).	2
In this study, 76.6% of the ads had the statement which guaranteed some services such as guarantee of ISI acceptance of the articles (Fig.	4
Funding intensity (the number of funders acknowledged relative to the number of authors) is always significantly associated with citation counts.	4
This is an important methodological conclusion, as it is a distinction of which type of modelling should be used given the research questions.	5
Nearly one quarter (23.8%) scored above the cut-off of the definition of emotional exhaustion.	4
In summary, these empirical findings not only echo previous research on citation analysis, but also outline a quantitative illustration that shows the degree to which each constructed citation feature can help predict or even elucidate citation decisions made by scholars.	5
The negative correlation between academic age and productivity explained that an increase in academic age did not necessarily lead to a corresponding increase in the publication of journal articles.	4
This could not be confirmed as the interaction of age and accumulated experience is not significant.	0
To proxy differences in how individual academic contributions influenced scholarship, we considered the researchers' total number of citations, as indicated in their Scopus record, adjusting for their academic age, quantified as the number of years since the year of their first publication.	3
Our study's significance lies in its examination of one of the most important network topological characteristics, namely, the GC and its efficacy in trapping productive authors.	5
Ultimately, the study aims to help understand the effectiveness of the current journal review system as a means to recognise and certificate new knowledge claims.	1
Ethical approval was not required for this research (no human subjects were involved).	0
The authors received no specific funding for this work other than the unique funding sources from the Funding Information section.	0
The period of the study was September of 2019.	2
The SBPF and SBP exert notable combined effects and advantages accumulation effects in the process of technological knowledge diffusion.	5
More specifically, a vision of the Humanities has been shown from Wikipedia, the main encyclopedic project, based on collaborative and open principles.	5
Twitter has a stronger focus on general medicine, psychology and social sciences as these disciplines have a higher density of tweets per publication than other disciplines.	5
The case analyzed here illustrates the consequences of implementing inappropriate methodologies.	5
The correlations between AASs and citations, AASs and RCRs, AASs and CNCIs, and AASs and impact factors, were analyzed using Spearman correlation coefficients [12].	3
Firstly, a content analysis of the 18 submitted 2014 impact case studies occurred.	3
We sought to determine how often the 20 most prolific American Journal of Neuroradiology (AJNR) authors from 2013 to 2017 published in clinical journals and the extent to which their articles were disseminated into the clinical literature.	1
We chose to examine the journals in cell biology annually of Cell, Nature Cell Biology, and Molecular Biology of the Cell from 2001 to 2020.	2
The timespan was from 1 December 2019 to 10 July 2022, the literature type was article and the language was English.	2
Based on the above analysis, we see that there is a difference in disciplinary structure between the G7 and the BRIC countries.	0
Our study also confirmed that GS provides opportunities for predatory journals to be retrieved and cited (Ar?bal et al., 2020).	5
This study is expected to conduct two experiments.	3
There are 3 issues in bibliometrics that need to be addressed: The lack of a clear definition for author collaborations in cluster analysis that takes into account collaborations with and without self-connections; The need to develop a simple yet effective clustering algorithm for use in coword analysis, and; The inadequacy of general bibliometrics in regard to comparing research achievements and identifying articles that are worth reading and recommended for readers.	1
In the present paper, internationality is considered at the level of universities.	1
I will not talk about the particular paper in question, but we have all been frustrated by papers that claim to have more than they have, and disrespect a field with a lack of knowledge/appreciation for the background literature.	0
Teamwork and collaboration start with transparent and distributed team leadership, as shown in this study, where distributed leadership resulted in decentralization of authority and decision-making across multiple groups.	5
This procedure resulted in a total of 33,524 papers.	2
The objective of this paper is to study the evolution, over the last century, of inter-disciplinarity in science.	1
In this paper we build on previous studies of CANs and extend them by closely examining aspects related to the structure of researchers' networks.	1
For this study, Clarivate Analytics provided us with lists of journals covered by WoS in 2013–2016 that incorporated information about journals' inclusion in WoS citation indexes (SCI-E, SSCI, AHCI, and ESCI) for every year in the studied period.	2
We propose an extended citation model and demonstrate that it can obtain reasonable clustering results by comparing it with the traditional bibliographic coupling model and the textual similarity model.	5
The effect size for Wilcoxon’s matched pairs test, used to test the differences among various rankings, was calculated using the formula (Pallant, 2007):	3
Align with the findings from the network diagrams (Figures 10 and 11), Table 5 shows that the USA leads all three categories: the number of documents, the number of citations and the total link strength of coauthorship.	4
The Eigenfactor Score, Article Influence Score, Cited Half-life, 5-years impact factor and Number of Articles are significant predictors of 2-year-ahead total citations (p ≤ 0.010 for all variables).	4
*Paper presented at the International Conference on Science Indicators for Developing Countries, Paris, 15-19 October, 1990.	0
The categories that exhibit relatively more activity within the water use field are Environmental Science, Chemistry, and Agricultural and Biological Science.	4
On the contrary, their excellence rate is higher than that of men on average, for both the university and the non-university sector.	4
Overall, 116 related documents were included in the study, and finally the information from 13 papers has been cited in present report.	2
We manually analyzed the 1,011 conference programs to discover cases such as these.	3
Our main outcome was to analyze trends on funding sources in articles published from 1990 to 2020 in the more influential journals of internal and general medicine.	1
All indicators are analysed by female and male authors and differentiated according to the type of institution: Higher Education Institutes (HEIs) and the four big research performing organisations in Germany, namely the Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft (FhG), the Max Planck Society (MPG), the Helmholtz Association (HGF) and the Leibniz Association (WGL).	3
The Data bibliography and library project (DBLP) collects metadata about the scholarly publications in computer science (Ley 2002), starting from 1936.	2
This study investigates the development of the BRICS countries in the domain of top-cited papers (top 10% and 1% most frequently cited papers) between 1990 and 2010.	1
On the whole, by considering five alternative metrics, about one-fourth of the retractions are predicted correctly.	4
The analysis may be useful to research administrators, international affairs professionals and science studies scholars.	0
Data for this article consist out of 29 semi-structured interviews with members of grant panels.	2
Research on liposomes and cancer is largely dominated by the United States, followed by Europe, Canada, Japan, and Taiwan (Figure 1).	4
Scientific productivity of middle income countries correlates stronger with present and future wealth than indices reflecting its financial, social, economic or technological sophistication.	1
LIS-7 is a reproduction of the citation matrix for seven LIS journals studied in Leydesdorff et al. (2017).	2
The results of this study reveal that international research collaboration has significant and positive effects on the policy impact of research (coefficient = 4.323, p < 0.001).	4
Using a binomial negative regression, the paper evaluates the partial effect of those variables in the count of scientific production.	3
This paper studies, from an axiomatic point of view, several rankings and indices based on bibliometric data.	1
Furthermore, USA contributes to the highest number of publications while UK is the most influential country in terms of citations.	4
As a results, it was estimated a median time for publication of 199 days overall, with a wide variability among different categories, ranging from 238 days in the case of radiology and imaging to 139 days for infectious diseases (which is actually shortened by COVID-19 papers) or 150 days in the case of biochemistry, which was found to be the second-fastest category.	4
With consensus rank limits, the hard upper and lower bounds for reasonable author ranks that they provide suggest that author citation ranks may be subject to something like an uncertainty principle.	5
In this respect, it has been helpful to apply an understanding of faculty priorities, to offer one-on-one sessions, and to approach this outreach project as one that will be ongoing.	5
In discussing the limitations and benefits of using the Wayback Machine, we note that both machine and human effort are essential to developing a high-quality data set from archived web information.	5
To address this gap, we analyze interactions of researchers within and between institutions from millions of scientific papers.	1
DBLP Computer Science Bibliography is found to be the least consistent with the rest, while Web of Science is significantly more reliable from this perspective.	5
The frequency number of these 6,255 keywords extracted follows power law distribution, and 60 keywords with high-frequency (frequency >= 10) and highly bursting (burst strength > 4) was selected.	4
They also show that for researchers in the established mid-career phase who are working internationally, there are career advancement benefits associated with return mobility to their home country.	4
The citation advantage of Microsoft Academic over BKCI was partly due to BKCI being unable to match some existing WoS citations to BKCI books.	5
An unrelated issue is that Mendeley reader counts change their relationship with citation counts over time.	0
This study is a comprehensive analysis of authorship trends in biomedical papers from the NCBI PubMed database between 2000 and 2020, utilizing the Entrez Direct (EDirect) E-utilities to retrieve bibliographic data from a dataset of 17,015,001 articles.	1
When it comes to uniquely identifying the main assessor, all methods score better at the journal level than at the WoS SC level.	5
To develop a graphical visualization of the bibliometric material, the study uses VOSviewer and Gephi software (Bastian et al., 2009; Van Eck and Waltman, 2010).	3
To cite a couple of examples: there is the set compiled by Brown, which includes a table giving the numbers and percentages of words that have one character, two characters, and so on, up through forty-five characters.31	0
Patent data were obtained by matching the names of all authors and advisors of laser-related dissertations with the inventor names listed on all applications at the German patent office in the most relevant IPC classes for laser sources, spectroscopy, laser material processing, and medical laser applications.	2
Third, evergreens also have implications for parametric models of citation trajectories.	5
Furthermore, sudden increases of research activity are ascribable to historic events, like the first use of curare as muscle relaxant during surgery.	4
Our main research question is twofold: how do different publication counting methods influence the field rankings, and how does a researcher limit change the rankings?	1
Likewise, the moderating effect of geopolitical risk and AI decreases the beneficial intensity between AI and renewable energy production as compared to the direct impact of AI.	4
At this point in its development, the PFL draws data and links from the journal's publishing platform on eight critical elements for scholarly publishing and presents to readers: (a) the publisher's identity; (b) the journal's scholarly editorial oversight; (c) the journal's article acceptance rate; (d) the indexing of the journal; (e) the article's number of peer reviewers and reviewer backgrounds; (f) the article authors' competing interests; (g) the research study's data availability; and (h) the funders of the research (Fig.	2
The great majority of the body of recent, relevant information on a given topic or subfield (“thematic unit”) in natural sciences is available in a special set of papers in journals dedicated to the given thematic unit.	0
This resulted in a final sample size consisting of 556 articles (Cho & Kim, 2015: N=72; Newman, 2014: N=144; Spector & Brannick, 2011: N=340) and 9,668 codes across the entire pool of articles.	2
Conflict of Interest: The authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.	0
Our analysis also extends beyond the professional to examine the role of children in shaping mobility decisions.	1
Thus, we present the grammatical structure similarity measurement to detect sentences or short fragments of automatically generated text from known PCFG generators.	1
Therefore, the purpose of this is to investigate the relationships of total citation frequency for shoulder and elbow surgery fellowship programs with institutional characteristics (medical school affiliation and geographic region), number of fellowship faculty, as well as cumulative years of academic experience of those faculty members.	1
1 Department of Public Health, Epidemiology and Health Economics, University of Liège, Liège, Belgium	0
The first main contribution of the paper is establishing within-journal topic categories, special issues, and scholarly bibliographic platform co-read data as new sources of topical grouping validation data for scientific document clustering.	5
In conclusion, we present a useful statistical approach for article page views of online published articles.	5
In fact, the COIRank approach aims to measure the impact of individual publication, while unbiased appraisal to publications are the foundation for other scientific entities, ranging from authors to journals, teams, affiliations and even entire countries.	5
Nine thousand one hundred thirty articles were downloaded from the WoS database, but articles without a DOI were not considered for the study.	2
Despite these limitations, the number of documents published is still the most commonly used metric for research output.	0
The given condition filtered 12231 retracted publications that includes articles, proceedings, book chapters, etc.	3
However, the European region as a whole experienced incredible growth, from a 10.5% share in 1971–1985 to 31.5% in 2001–2015, which is primarily due to the number of participating European nations increasing from 14 in the first period, to 21 in 1986–2000, and 26 in the last period (Fig.	4
The data of our work covers scientific publications in the area of interest for the span starting from 1st Jan, 1999 to 14th May, 2013.	2
1996), (ii) logistic regression (LR) (Wright 1995), (iii) support vector machines (SVC) (Noble 2006), and extreme gradient boost (XGBoost) (Chen and Guestrin 2016).	3
These data provide up-to-date norms to facilitate evaluation of Australian psychology academics using SciVal.	5
Therefore, the objective of this study is to gain a better understanding of what academic librarians in Spanish-speaking Latin America know about new models of scholarly communication and predatory publishing practices.	1
Third, the faculty lists used to assemble citation counts for each school should be disclosed.	3
The overall agreement between reviewers was 45.0% (199/442).	4
Q1 How are the knowledge productions in journalism research of the BRICS nations influenced by foreign scholarships, especially the Western?	1
We test whether or not Tubitak’s subsidy rules achieve interfield equality among researchers.	1
In the case of our sample, the Kruskal-Wallis test confirmed in the case of all fields that medians for CEE and non-CEE journals are different at the significance level of 1%.	3
By normalizing the number of publications, h-index and p-index of scholars, the study obtained the career development trajectory of scholars.	3
Findings indicated that open-access repositories across the world are primarily archiving reviewed literature.	4
Finally, during the third phase, from the beginning of the 21st century to the present day, Sport Sciences has started a process of consolidation through the stabilization of the number of articles published, the group of specialized journals edited, the research areas and subjects studied and the strengthening of collaboration patterns among academics.	5
We compiled the titles for every paper published in 2000 and 2001 in nine well-known ecology and evolution journals: The American Naturalist, Ecology, Evolution, Evolutionary Ecology, Journal of Animal Ecology, Journal of Ecology, Journal of Evolutionary Biology, Oikos, and Trends in Ecology and Evolution.	2
We considered the following eight subject categories (subfields) in this database, three of them from science, two from social science, one from health science, one from engineering, and one from humanities: Cell Biology, Economics & Econometrics, Electrical & Electronic Engineering, General Chemistry, General Medicine, General Physics & Astronomy, History, and Library & Information Sciences.	2
While publication productivity patterns are similar across the Central Asian region in 1990s and 2000s, Kazakhstan demonstrated a major increase in the number of publications starting in 2012 (Figure 1).	4
Our analysis suggests that humour in the title can increase a paper's impact.	5
There were 6215 and 6144 publications for periods 1 (1945–1994) and 2 (1995–2010), respectively.	4
Using the publicly accessible portions of the American Pediatric Surgical Association website (https://www.eapsa.org), a list of Pediatric Surgery fellowship training programs (n = 48) was obtained.	2
We selected projects in the 2012–2013 period because they combine recent research results with higher possibilities of having Twitter and Facebook accounts compared with projects of previous years, as the presence of social accounts in research increased over this period.	2
This study investigates the ways in which researchers in Japan use RG at the micro-level in order to better understand if and how the platform is being harnessed as a gateway into academic communities.	1
Nota: TP: Total de publica??es; TC: Total de cita??es; CPP: Cita??es Por Publica??o; FWCI: Field-Weighted Citation Impact.	0
Our approach therefore evaluates the process, output, and impact (Van Drooge and Spaapen 2017, Holzer et al.	3
In this study, JDC is mainly used to describe the difference in research contents among different journals.	3
Five major spine journals, including Spine, European Spine Journal, The Spine Journal, Journal of Neurosurgery: Spine, and Journal of Spinal Disorders and Techniques, were selected from the “Surgery” and “Orthopedics” category of the 2013 Journal Citation Reports (JCR) from Thomson Reuters [20].	2
Fitting to the formula (2) delivered the estimates Nc = 13 ± 2 for Applied Mathematics and Nc = 25 ± 5 for physics.	4
The focus here is to explore the extent to which the readerships for the publications saved by the different users in Mendeley are related to their citations.	0
(1) To obtain an overview of currently available scientific literature on ecopreneurship.	0
In addition, the study included only articles written in English.	2
Our collaboration contributed to 3.4% of these, representing a significant addition in 2023–2024 (P = 0.026).	4
Two raters out of 23 did not fit the model well as indicated by the fit statistics.	4
In 2021, there was a very strong negative correlation (-0.556; SE 0.102) between an institution submitting more interdisciplinary work and getting a good ranking.	4
Within the paradigm of the Art Exhibition Game, we were interested in testing the following questions:	1
In accordance with the methods of the current literature (Demeter, 2018; Lauf, 2005), we selected all communication journals (N = 84 in 2017) indexed on the SSCI list of WoS in 2017.	2
The 14 ecologists identified with the scientometric algorithm proposed by loannidis and coworkers include, but are not restricted, to the most cited ecologists in Chile.	5
After these procedures, several data analysis methods are employed on M'', including factor analysis, network analysis, multi-dimensional scaling, clustering analysis, and others.	0
Author's Note: I would like to thank Carol Fox Warren, Instituto de Ciencias de la Educación, Universidad de Alcalá; Eugene Garfield, publisher of The Scientist and founder of the Institute for Scientific Information; and two anonymous Science Communication referees for their helpful comments.	0
The simple fact that humanities do not produce a narrow output indicator set does not make them less useful than sciences.	5
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, 2017	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Then, according to the objective function, NSGA-II is applied to obtain the final solution.	3
Here a higher submission cost is beneficial to the journal because it increases the average quality of published papers when the number of published papers remains constant.	5
Received: 29 May 2012/Accepted: 12 July 2012/Published online: 5 August 2012	0
In this regard, it can be concluded that, regardless of the type of study and based on the information provided by ORCID users, the USA is the preferred country for Germans and French; Great Britain is the top choice for Italians and Dutch; Colombia is the preferred destination for those educated in Spain.	5
General journals, such as PLoS ONE, were removed to retain only monodisciplinary publications.	2
The articles in the figure are ordered by their field designations (anthropology, biology, physics, and psychology respectively) as codified in the original index.	0
The implications of the findings are that university libraries that use local metrics have better insight into the value of a journal and therefore more efficient cost content management.	5
For Indian publication in COVID-19 four databases i.e.	2
Currently, little is known about the within-host viral kinetics of WNV during infection.	1
Our main argument is that there are considerable theoretical and operational discrepancies between the perceived discrete units of analysis and what is actually measured when it comes to national research performance.	5
In this work, we develop an impact factor dynamics model based on the parallel system, which can be used to analyze the correlation between the impact factor and certain elements.	1
Conflict of Interest: No potential conflict of interest relevant to this article was reported.	0
I studied inaccuracies in references and in-text citations in sample of 97 of the 519 peer-reviewed journals accredited by the Iranian National Commission for Journal Accreditation Policy (Ministry of Research, Science and Technology).	1
We observe that Northern and Western European IS scholars (such as academics from East Asia and Oceania) are not significantly dissimilar from North American colleagues, suggesting that a convergence or adaptation of working styles, training, or publication intensity has taken place over the years (this does not seem to be true for Eastern European IS scholars, who present a statistically significant deviation from North American colleagues).	4
Journals from middle-income nations had a statistically significant lower prevalence in the first- and second-quartile ranking (P < 0.001) and a higher proportion of open-access policies (P = 0.019).	4
The findings indicate that Chinese researchers use international RIM systems to obtain English literature, build ties with researchers worldwide, and meet the requirements of English journals.	4
Bibliometric indices were obtained from Web of Science (https://www.webofscience.com) by searching authors' last names and first names.	2
In conclusion bibliometric studies show the scientific interest by evaluating the quantity of published papers.	5
In summary, I have argued that we should evaluate people, especially their virtues, and this should be done in the context of research ecosystems that they hope to conduct research within.	5
36Our main sample consists of all authors who have at least one research article during this period and researchers remain in the analytic sample through 2009 or their 41st career year, whichever arrives first.	0
The table reveals that the UK and the US are the most strongly connected countries in the network, consistent with their status as most prolific contributors to the journal.	4
To this purpose, a recent automated algorithm for estimating the omitted-citation rate of databases is applied to the same sample of papers, but in three different-time sessions.	3
In our work, we adopt a similar technique of prompting LLMs to score a given text on politeness.	3
The transition network of disciplines represents transfers of knowledge from one scientific discipline (the one of the mentor) to another one (the one of the student).	3
The article discussed the use of classification models and clustering techniques in the aerospace industry in relation to green innovation.	5
Repetition of our analyses with four groups of equal size yields similar results to those presented in the following section.	0
The blockchain domain is selected as the example because it relates to multiple research areas such as mathematics, Economics & Business and computer science, which can present the effectiveness of the preference main path.	2
A Publons search was made for top institutes of these nine countries on the 14th of March 2021 using the inbuilt search engine [https://publons.com/institution/?country= {country code} &order_by=num_researchers; where {country code} is specific for each country].	2
The data set analyzed comprises all articles and reviews indexed in PubMed as well as in the Web of Science (WoS).	2
Surprisingly, the title length is not an important factor influencing the mean number of citation of papers published in tribology journals.	4
To assess the proposed framework's performance, a dataset is collected considering the world's top ten computing departments and ten domestic ones.	2
The search time range is set from January 1995 to September 2022.	2
Gender of the authors was determined using genderize.io (https://genderize.io/; Demografix ApS, Roskilde, Denmark), a free online service that collects data from social networks across 79 countries and 89 languages.	3
The citation-based measure which we compared against peer review in Refs.[14, 15] was one provided by Thomson Reuters Research Analytics.	2
We calculated the percentage of all co-authors included in our survey that failed to meet ESA or ICMJE guidelines.	3
The results of the experiment demonstrated that the proposed MPNN model performed significantly better than the other five baseline models, including eXtreme Gradient Boosting, random forest, support vector machine, linear regression, and K-nearest neighbors.	5
Thus, application of the selected bibliometric indicators does not lead with certainty to sound conclusions regarding the potential superiority of one department over another.	5
We used the Lambda sets put forward by Borgatti et al.	3
To normalize the download volumes, we used the World Bank database [52, 53] for data on population (SP.POP.TOTL).	3
This paper offers a comprehensive review of the literature on the issue and its management.	1
PCFG Corpus PCFG corpora of different sizes were used as samples to try to learn the different parse tree structures from the generators.	2
Finally, “bogus measures of scientific quality” (Macilwain 2013, p.	4
The Medical Committee of the China Editology Society for Science Periodicals and the Chinese Medical Association investigated 312 medical and health journals and found that 99.4% of them charged page fees.	2
A SNA was applied to the "Forests and Societies" research group of the French Agricultural Research Centre for International Development (CIRAD).	2
Still, we believe that our stylized responses are plausible because they capture important, although perhaps not all aspects of the two conventional models that have been so influential in the philosophy and history of science.	0
To aid the definition of these results, the team developed a logic model, with the help of NSF staff, to identify specific goals against which the team could apply measures to identify any actual outputs, outcomes, or results.	3
The study found statistically significant correlations between search engine query data and business performance and position data.	5
This study utilizes highly cited papers from the Web of Science (WOS) Core Collection as the data source and employs the LDA topic model to analyze the core knowledge structure of interdisciplinary research.	3
We develop a nonparametric model for the cumulative citations based on functional Poisson regression.	3
Note: The gender gap was calculated based on the formula: (males - females)/males.	0
the weighted average of the field-normalized citations received by the publication and the field-normalized impact factor of the hosting journal; lowerRoman%1.	3
The participants were 10 librarians and academic library administrators from ten universities in Israel.	2
In this paper, we analyse citation performance of thirty keywords to understand differences in intra-field citation performance in economics.	1
This research aims to answer the question of whether self-citation is biased by probing into the motives and context of citations.	1
(see Acknowledgements), and identified 10 grants with clinically relevant outcomes for showcasing to the community.	0
Department of Information Resources Management, School of Public Affairs, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou 310058, Zhejiang, China	0
This finding is replicated within the substance abuse sample; there were only 4 facilities with less than 72 beds in the top 25.	4
These included the Hirsch index (the number of publications h which are cited > h times), the I-10 index (the number of publications cited > 10 times), total number of publications, total number of citations, and greatest number of citations for a single published work.	3
Concordance of ‘Hybrid similarity' with 'BC similarity ranged' between 62.5 and 95.2% with increasing trend from 2005–2007 to 2005–2013, which indicates that the two similarities methods intend to generate more consistent results with the time evolution.	4
A bibliometric analysis was performed using the PubMed database [14] (the bonafide database for the biomedical literature that covers the most significant number of journals associated with bioinformatics [11]) on the scientific articles related to Mexican bioinformatics.	2
Here we consider absolute measurements of research excellence at an amalgamated, institutional level and specific measures of research excellence as performance per head.	1
Using a search of three of the most commonly used academic databases, Google's Google Scholar (GS), Elsevier's Scopus, Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science (WoS, previously Web of Knowledge), as well as the academic social networking site (ASNS) ResearchGate (RG), we highlight next some of the most pertinent positive aspects and criticisms of this metric based on actual h-index scores for both authors.	3
Using data from the American Physical Society, this study applies the disruption index to measure the relationship between gender composition and innovation performance.	1
The USA and the UK had the highest number of international collaborations.	4
The main objective is to explore, discover and illustrate, through statistical word analysis, the key research topics in this academic field, and its interrelations and foci, taking account of its multidisciplinary nature, over a long period of time which has seen crucial changes made in information management.	1
Frequency distribution by year of reverse transcriptase articles (total n = 656)	0
Regression models were used to explore the change over time.	3
The findings show that the field of mythology gathers around four main subjects (sociology, folklore, politics and anthropology).	4
The importance of assessing and valuing productive interactions was identified as a fundamental element in promoting the social impact of research, as well as integrating inter- or multidisciplinary projects that impact the conservation of socio-ecological systems.	5
We have evaluated the h-index and its citation intensity based variants in this research.	5
Publication Data for this study were collected from InCites, an analytical tool based on the Web of Science (WoS).	2
We conclude the paper by summarizing our key insights, discussing their potential generalizability and highlighting future research directions in Section 5.	0
As our findings confirm, academic integrity is indeed questioned, and sometimes undermined, by bibliometric developments.	5
ABBREVIATIONS M = million; NIH = National Institutes of Health; NREF = Neurosurgery Research and Education Foundation; RF = Research Fellowship; VW = Van Wagenen Fellowship; YCI = Young Clinician Investigator.	0
The self-citations of IMM are the most significant, followed closely by those received by the Journal of Marketing.	4
Whereas research has demonstrated how social cues appearing as disinterested social validation can skew valuation processes, interested promotion may be at least as important.	1
We use linear modeling for the extrapolation into the future.	3
A traditional citation indicator was used as a reference (relative citation ratio, RCR).	3
We capture the scholarly articles cited by these 2422 patents using US patent numbers from Lens.org (https://www.lens.org/lens/patcite) to explore the cited scholarly work found in patent literature.	3
To do this, we first rescaled the citation lists of each economist by the average number of citations in his/her field (with economic history as the numeraire).	3
Our research questions can be formulated as follows: Do citing papers of marker papers represent the historical evolution of research fields in a similar way as publication sets gathered by keyword searches?	1
We performed logistic regression to assess the relationship between non-compliance with the ESA and ICMJE guidelines and the total number of co-authors per study as well as lead author occupation.	3
The aim of this paper is to develop an operational concept of independence and to provide a proof of concept.	1
The use of scripts increases the transparency of the statistical analysis and simplifies replications.	0
The latter tends to be more selective; both had curve fits with high correlations.	0
Received October 6, 1994; revised January 3, 1995, June 1, 1995, and August 7, 1995; accepted November 10, 1995.	0
First, the role of such journals in the communication system of science is determined by results of a quantitative bibliometric analysis that explores the landscape according to formal attributes.	1
Comparison is carried out between three types of journals, namely supported and unsupported Chinese journals, as well as leading international journals.	2
Our research relies on the use of a new and free online AI-driven tool, the AJPC System, which claims the ability to distinguish “normal” (scholarly) from “suspected predatory” (unscholarly) journals.	1
For all these reasons, the classifications parametrized with a 0.8 threshold combined with weighted-counting for the computation of categories demonstrated more desirable characteristics for scientometrics than those derived from the original ASJC journal classification.	5
Bibliographic and citation data for papers published since 1980 are available in the Web of Science (WoS, Clarivate Analytics) custom data of our in-house database derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI), and the conference proceedings citation indices (CPCI-S and CPCI-SSH) produced by Clarivate Analytics (Philadelphia, USA).	2
Only primary research articles with a 4-part abstract or equivalent were eligible for inclusion.	2
The dataset used in this study comes from the ArnetMiner academic social networking platform [46], which covers 2,092,356 academic articles from the field of computer science, published between 1936 and 2014, with 1,712,433 unique authors and 8,024,869 local citation relationships among these publications.	2
Researchers in orthodontics should be alert to the unethical policies of illegitimate journals and their harmful consequences on the scientific literature.	5
In both cases there is evidence of a statistically significant relationship between the network and the mobility variables, suggesting that scientists with previous long-term mobility are relatively more likely to have foreign organisations among their main knowledge contacts.	4
In this paper, we propose the application of a novel methodology to build composite indicators, in order to evaluate university performance.	1
More specifically, we built the survey questions on the indicators which were thought to play a role in acquiring success in science, but which also raised conflicting opinions.	3
Two researchers independently reviewed studies using the Cochrane methodology.	3
Acknowledgements This research was supported by the PhD Program on Information Sciences of the Faculty of Communication, University of Havana.	0
The articles were published between 1993 - 2009 across 23 journals.	4
The USA was the leading country for publications related to digoxin toxicity, contributing to 29.3% of all Scopus articles.	5
This article proposes a taxonomy of such innovations and discusses a number of cases where, for instance, the assignment of reviewers is handled differently from current best practice.	1
This paper presents an integrated methodology to perform bibliometric analysis.	5
The productivity of KSA researchers compared to the rest of the world was as follows: total publications 1,189 [range 1- 174,187 (median 37)], total citations 8,820 [range 0- 4,406,449 (median 371)] and h-index 40 [range 0- 410 (median 11)].	4
This paper presents a method for deriving meta-rankings of journals by solving consensus optimization problems.	3
We divide the quality-adjusted number of publications by the total number of publications in each field separately for the all-male and female-or-mixed author teams.	3
The rate of retractions has been increasing over the past 23 years, and clinical studies have been the most frequently retracted publication type.	5
In response, this study compares the coverage and citation quality of five freely available data sources on 30 million PubMed documents, including OpenCitations Index of CrossRef open DOI-to-DOI citations (COCI), Dimensions, Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG), National Institutes of Health's Open Citation Collection (NIH-OCC), and Semantic Scholar Open Research Corpus (S2ORC).	1
Across all academic clusters, internationalists consistently produce more than 90% of internationally co-authored publications, representing 2320% of locals' productivity for peer-reviewed articles and 1600% for peer-reviewed article equivalents.	4
The study population included all SBMU faculty members who have profiles in ResearchGate (N=950).	2
Another sign of the importance to Chinese researchers of trust proxies in determining where to publish was the fact that they placed the criteria of being highly cited above peer reviewed.	5
The study identified six main thematic areas applying structural equation modelling.	4
Although each country's position in the network is shaped by various historical, geographical, social, and economic factors, the three-cluster structure still conditions their scientific development.	5
The degree of interdisciplinarity of a publication is estimated by the diversity of WoS categories in its references, an indicator ranging from 0 to 1 (1 indicates totally interdisciplinary and 0 completely disciplinary).	3
Publication data were collected from the Web of Science for the year range 1968–2017 and by-hand pre-processing of the data was undertaken to identify reviews and original research articles on AW.	2
This article presents a management framework informed by scientometrics and bibliometrics as a science that uses statistical techniques to analyze information distribution models, to help journals contribute more to the field by optimum engagement of editorial knowledge and expertise and expanding the boundaries of what is known.	1
Journal of Fluid Mechanics published the most of highly cited articles.	4
The study proposed a new method for assessing the originality of a paper based on the semantic network of its content.	1
The P-value for the ANOVA was 0.0061, causing the author to reject the null hypothesis, showing a significant difference between groups (see Fig.	4
There are 2165 schools globally from 95 countries in the Subjects Rankings list, of which 99 are from India.	2
The statements are scored based on a five-point Likert scale (from 1 for strongly disagree to 5 for strongly agree).	3
Table 1 also shows the percentage of CELJs with international partners (57.8%) is higher than those without (42.2%).	4
It tests the hypothesis that annual productivity is unevenly distributed with a Lotka-like distribution at both individual and group levels.	1
Evolution of average weighted number of national and international publications, IF per article, number of citations, authors, and centers.	0
Figure 2 also indicates that the new reduced system preserves c.	4
The current findings reinforce concerns about the inefficiency, inaccuracy, incompleteness and opacity of systems for ensuring publication integrity.	5
Here, our aim was to determine factors associated with the scientific output of these research groups.	1
This study used citation analysis, co-author analysis and co-word analysis, which are bibliometric analysis techniques.	3
Although the majority of outputs over the entire time period were journal articles, the exclusive presence of NPR outputs reports and preprints between January and March, which were not surpassed by PR content until May, suggests that authors needed a faster form of dissemination than journals could offer in the early months of coronavirus pandemic (Kupferschmidt, 2020), similar to those working in other global health emergencies (Zhang, Zhao, Sun, Huang, & Gl?nzel, 2020).	5
National policies aimed at fostering the effectiveness of scientific systems should be based on reliable strategic analysis identifying strengths and weaknesses at field level.	1
The results of testing research hypothesis showed that as the value of centrality of countries rises, the citation performance of researchers in that country is also improved.	5
As mentioned above, 25.7 per cent of respondents reported multiple affiliations.	4
Each of these three filters consisted of two parts: a list of specialist journals for each NCD and a list of specific title words.	3
SAs of the bibliographical references of every document written by a researcher (BIB).	3
Furthermore, the relationship based on symmetrized cross-citation links using cosine similarities were studied following the methods published by Zhang, Gl?nzel, and Liang (2009).	3
What are the predominant study patterns and notable figures in the field of "FAW, S.	1
Web of science database was then searched (1950–2016) to select the top-100 cited articles in the above identified pediatric journals.	2
The United States of America, Germany and Japan had the highest number of documents with 4736, 2740 and 2693 documents, respectively.	4
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
Specifically, we study citation patterns among universities in five different Web of Science Subject Categories and use the PageRank algorithm on the five resulting citation networks.	1
To what extent do the most prolific Spanish authors in Biology and Medicine publish in PLOS ONE?	1
In particular, technology licensing officers believe the inventions of high status inventors (department chairs and NAS members) have more commercial potential, suggesting that the inventions of high status inventors are more likely to be commercialized.	5
Table 1 shows a compilation of 93 ALMetrics, including a brief description of each one.	2
The 2 manuscripts with only 1 version evaluated were excluded from the analysis.	0
Data were collected through personal interview method using a structured interview schedule.	3
Proportion of document types among citations found by WoS and Scopus, and not by GS.	0
Despite this method's displayed advantages, it has two limitations: first, it is highly dependent on domain ontology; second, its efficiency and accuracy during the concept mapping progress merit further study.	5
The QS ranking derives from academic reputation, employee reputation, number of citations per publication, and H-Index which is calculated based on the quantity and quality of papers published in the Science Citation Index (SCI) and the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI).	4
Among 2,046 papers examined, we extracted a sub-sample of 434 retracted papers with full-text HTML for further analysis.	4
The various buckets and transitions for this example are shown schematically in Figure 5.	0
Earlier publication within the period of this study was weakly correlated with a greater number of citations (p = 0.26; P < .05).	4
Concluding, the impact of the global scientometric research growth on the Russian scientometrics (Factor B) is about 4–10 %.	5
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Construction begins with a set of given publications (in particular, a list of DOIs [digital object identifiers]).	2
This paper aims to contribute a deepened understanding of origins, motives, and challenges in Western–Chinese research collaborations amid recent geopolitical tensions, and to detail the implications for the management of such collaborations.	1
Overall, the first authors of the most-cited articles were significantly more likely to be female and report greater prior research productivity, as assessed by the relative citation ratio (RCR).	4
Twenty-six videos defined the h-index (83%) and provided examples of how to calculate and find it.	4
The Web of Science Core Collection platform was used to withdraw the papers included in this study.	2
The objective of this research was to describe the characteristics of DPH-relevant scientific publications over time and to describe differences in article content by journal type.	1
We use scientometric and network science approaches to analyze measures of topical orientation, productivity, impact, and collaboration applied to URC-related Web of Science abstract publications records.	3
Inspired by these, we generalise Liu–Lu integrated approach, the present state-of-art in path analysis to an integrated approach for weighted networks.	1
In what context is a body of scientific knowledge produced through academic research?	1
Based on the current situation of CELAJs publishing and the successful experience of the three journals discussed, we propose some suggestions for how other journals can succeed on the international stage.	5
To analyze the impact of paper-paper citations on paper-patent citations, we use the latter as the dependent variable and the former as the explanatory variables in our estimation.	3
The State of OA study determined the access status of 290,120 articles using the oaDOI utility (see Methods).	3
Additionally, coauthored articles were divided into international and domestic collaborative articles.	3
From a scientometric point of view, the visibility of a publication is determined by the reputation or the impact of the source where it was published.	0
To address this question, library staff developed a collaborative, multi-tool process for bibliometric analysis and network visualization.	3
The scientific community requires the review of manuscripts by peers, and it is assumed that they will be selected for publication based on their merits and suitability.	0
To maximize the variation of the cultural background of the author, the articles included in the sample had reprint author's addresses in one of the following countries (Hofstede's individualism index score in parentheses): United States (.91), Great Britain (.89), the Netherlands (.80), Canada (.80), Denmark (.74), Sweden (.71), Ireland (.70), Norway (.69), Finland (.63), Japan (.46), Singapore (.20), China (.20), South Korea (.18), and Taiwan (.17).	2
Graduates with formalized research training had statistically higher h-indices when compared with clinical-only trainees who published their research.	4
Fourth, the field is controlled by a few institutions from the US, including the University of Pennsylvania, the University of Michigan, Harvard University, Texas A&M University, New York University, the University of Minnesota, Purdue University, Indiana University-Bloomington, and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.	5
In this paper, we aim to determine how the national academic promotion system is appropriated by the so-called old boys, and how the mechanisms designed for academic evaluation are used to distribute power and prestige among those old boys.	1
However, we found that the number of reviewer invitations sent may signal a limit on the number of citations per year.	4
In sum, these findings support the notion that OA has played a positive role in lower-income countries’ access to scientific literature.	5
Taken together, we find that acquiring a DG faculty position is becoming more difficult and overall the rankings of departments remain relatively constant, though it is not impossible for departments to improve their ranking over time.	5
Since the field normalized indicators Percentile in Subject Area and Category Actual/Expected Citations showed the highest correlations with the ratings both should be preferred over other metrics in research evaluation studies using bibliometrics.	5
For the purpose of this study, intramural reviews, including statistical, were not considered.	0
The authors report no conflict of interest concerning the materials or methods used in this study or the findings specified in this paper.	0
This study aimed to understand the extent to which doctoral students receive training relating to open access publishing, and the form of that training.	1
In conclusion, author gender and geographical region do not influence article placement order in serial rheumatology journals.	5
Data were obtained using the Publish or Perish software which uses Google Scholar to retrieve scholars' publications, citations and related metrics.	3
Yet, inconsistent and/or inexplicable increases in self-citations for several journals across different scientific areas suggest that deliberate IF manipulation (such as those in Subsection II-B) may indeed exist and be of increasing extension.	4
The initial sample included 115,101 documents published globally in 2011.	2
We attempted to investigate the foundational intellectual structure on which LEF researchers have been based through the co-citation of publications, which occurs when two papers are cited in a third paper (Merigó et al., 2018).	3
Better identifying who is undercited not only promotes the inclusion of often excluded perspectives but also enhances knowledge production.	5
This gave us a final sample of 64,000 documents (1000 per year).	2
Conflict of interest We have no relevant conflicts of interest to disclose.	0
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
The second indicator – named as the best journal rate – is the proportion of publications which an institution publishes in the most influential journals worldwide.	3
This study, by systematically analyzing the publication output of researchers affiliated with the Section of Earth Sciences, proposes an alternative method regarding how to most optimally recalibrate the DSc title's performance indicator minimum values.	1
A set of monodisciplinary journals was reused from a previous paper.	2
In this article we present the empirical findings of a study seeking to establish the relationship between collaboration and productivity of academic scientists in Kenya, including factors determining the established relationship.	1
Drawing on the literature on organizational pathologies, we argue that division of labor may be a key factor contributing to pathologies in science.	1
The difference in topics between East Asian Buddhist and English scholarship might be explained by how Buddhist studies have been conceived and developed in their respective academic history.	5
Correctly assessing a scientist's past research impact and potential for future impact is key in recruitment decisions and other evaluation processes.	1
In addition to providing novel insights into the functioning of the authorship and inventorship system, our results have important implications for administrators, managers, and policy makers, as well as for innovation scholars who often rely on patents and publications as measures of scientists’ performance.	5
calibrated measure = measure (1 - N ?	3
9, the USA with 14,534 articles outperform all other countries in term of the number of publications which confirms the finding of top 30 highly successful scholars of "Mapping and analysis on cited-authors” section.	4
While it is probably premature and further analysis is required, it appears from our findings that policies emanating from Europe 2020 and the European Research Area are having some of the desired effects.	5
Cumulative percentage of publications of the top ten authors (Source: compiled from bibliometric analysis)	0
To count the total number of indexed pages by search engines, Developer Shed, an Open Site Explorer service, was used.	3
The coefficient difference tests reveal that the regression coefficient for topic focus in Model 14 (SMJ as focal thought collective) is significantly stronger than for all other models.	4
The maximum mapping probability of the sample article under the hot topics is extracted as the topic feature of the article.	3
I then sampled Vancouver-affiliated authors— both people with coauthored and solo-authored publications—to interview from a subset of this database (2007–2009).	2
A p-value of less than 0.05 was viewed to indicate statistical significance.	0
In this paper we study how the scientific production of a representative researcher develops over his/her career.	1
For our time span analysis, our finding was that if a publisher was involved in or engaged with Tweets about a book, it remained 'active' as a topic of interest on Twitter for a longer time period than when the publisher was not involved (see Fig.	4
Because citation behavior varies by field, we standardize the citations for each publication with respect to the mean of the distribution of citations for all the Italian cited publications of the same year and the same WoS subject category.	3
Nine hundred and fifty six keywords that have appeared in 192 articles were classified into 20 categories of important research fields as seen in Table 11.	3
Supporting H1, the results show consistent positive and sig- nificant effects for each democracy index on scientific performance across Models 1-5.	4
The Academia.edu had a higher percentage of regional collaborations.	4
To determine whether each PhD recipient was a medical practitioner, the 2013 Practitioner Register of the Australian Health Practitioner Regulation Agency (AHPRA) was searched.	3
The Netherlands (19.7) and the UK (18.9) had the highest number of publications per million population.	4
Received September 30, 2011; revised December 2, 2011; accepted Decem- ber 5, 2011	0
At the same time, from the citation data point of view, 77% of awardees have been falsely included (a type-I error).	4
The journal of Operations Management Research (OMR) is a rigorous journal that started its publication in 2008.	1
Malaria Journal ranked first, with 39 (7.5% of the total) documents, followed by International Journal of Health Geographics, with 35 publications (6.5% of the total), and PLoS ONE, with 32 manuscripts (6.2% of the total).	4
The rediscovering authors have higher superiority in the five features than the average of general researchers, which suggests that they are more productive, influential and senior researchers with more publications, higher citation numbers, and longer length of academic life.	4
This immediately creates two parallel systems, in which researchers from outside cOAlition S (who still constitute the vast majority of global research) will have full freedom of choice in selecting outlets through which to disseminate their research, whereas researchers funded by the minority cOAlition S funders will face severe restrictions in their choice of publication venues.	4
The results also show that LIS-related journals still occupy the most important position in the research output of iSchools, although some iSchools with strong computer science background are members of this organization.	4
More specifically, context novelty is computed using the z-score measure as proposed by Uzzi et al56.	3
The model comparison shows that participation in the research center had a positive effect on all three dimensions of research performance—both overall (average causal effect) and regarding the individual development of a researcher (ICEs).	4
This approach, which is based on multiple rounds of coding, allowed me to identify the main processes through which the chosen candidates were acknowledged as professorial.	3
Journals that have listed a large number of retractions do not have a significant association with its impact factor; however, the retractions that happened in high-impact journals receive more citations.	5
Fourth, science mapping revealed several major research themes, including Human-focused issues, Systems and applications, Clinical trials processing, as well as Diabetes-related issues.	5
All records were coded to form a unique curriculum vitae (CV) database.	0
Out of the 222,295 scientists included in our dataset, only 12% reached the late-career stage.	4
Using snowball sampling, researchers identified 31 participants representative of LIS authors in a broad range of LIS specialties and academic experience (e.g., PhD candidates, tenure-track faculty both non-tenured and tenured at all levels of appointment, teaching faculty).	2
Promoting editorial diversity and minimizing the possibility of editorial bias could lead to greater exposure to real-world data from resource-constrained settings.	5
The prevalence (Frequency [Proportion (95%CI)] of those with poor knowledge was n=3181/3682 [86.4 (85.2, 87.5)].	4
The fit of the Second Law to the data provides additional evidence that there is a cause and effect connection between funding inputs and paper outputs.	5
The main objectives of this study were to: 1) evaluate the evolution and contribution, in global terms, of Brazilian scientific research on soil science; 2) identify the main groups and research institutions and their collaborations conducting studies on soil science in the country; and 3) identify the main research fields within the Brazilian soil science domain and understand how they have evolved over time.	1
Once the most cited article published in a predatory journal identified, a citation network will be drawn to visualize the non-predatory journals that cited it.	3
Third, aside from the statistical indices for academic papers, we propose a foreign academic degree of dependence (FAD) to characterise the dependence between two academic groups.	3
The popular keywords in the CUR are also the ones bridging the distant clusters of the related concepts and ideas.	5
The paper has also been significantly improved thanks to the comments of two anonymous reviewers.	0
A total of 435 HCPs were harvested for further analysis.	2
In this paper we developed a method of closed-system input-output analysis and used it to study influences between subfields of physics using APS publication data.	5
In this paper, we construct, to our best knowledge, the first metric to quantify revolutionary discoveries, which is the core concept in Kuhn's groundbreaking theory of scientific revolutions.	5
As classifiers we selected implementations of Random Forest (Breiman, 2001) and SVMs with different kernels (Cortes and Vapnik, 1995), covering the two best classifier families at the moment (see, for instance, Fernández-Delgado et al., 2014).	3
Because our dependent variable is constrained to be nonnegative and has overdispersed values, we use the fixed-effects negative binomial model with the conditional likelihood estimator.	3
We employed deep learning models to detect hedge sentences and their corresponding aspects.	3
When practicing managers talk about ‘reading’, the activ-ity to which they refer does not necessarily entail looking at every word on every page.	0
The 8 subfields of publications by MRA, according to the web site http: http://www.ulg.ac.be/supras/groupe/Staff/ausloos.html, can be defined as	2
The top 3 topics by summative Altmetric Attention Score were Musculoskeletal Medicine (4718), Exercise (3770), and Non-Traumatic Brain Injury (1688).	4
In our present study, we aim at filling the knowledge gap in the understanding of gender differences in international research collaboration by comparing international paper co-authorship among men and women at Norwegian universities.	1
In them, seven data were retrieved: total documents, rank, title, SJR quartile, country, region, and publisher.	2
Based on the general descriptions above, most of the countries in Europe have a good history of publishing both in astronomy and other sciences, while in Africa it is difficult to say anything quantitatively except in the cases of Egypt, Namibia, and South Africa.	4
This paper was partially funded by the Research Council of Rutgers University.	0
A corollary to the analysis in this study is that those using field normalised citation counts from Scopus for medical areas are likely to get inflated values due to the mis-classification of non-articles as articles.	5
Bibliographic data and abstracts for articles were collected by searching the Multidisciplinary ISI Web of Science (accessed between 12-06-2013 and 01-03-2014).	2
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
Qualitative Analysis of Faculty Opinions on and Perceptions of Research Impact Metrics 903	0
If so, do internal collaborations (considering different levels) have the same effect as external collaborations on the research impact?	1
A ado??o de Taxas de Processamento de Artigos como modelo de negócio por periódicos de Acesso Aberto brasileiros	0
As the present study explores its novel contribution to the comprehensive examination of the transmission of intellectual human resources and academic ideas across both the real and virtual worlds, data of international student mobility between 212 countries were downloaded from the Unesco Institute for Statistics website (UIS Statistics, 2018).	2
Our problem of predicting whether a paper increases its primary author’s future h-index is formulated as a classification task.	3
Graph visualization tools addressing the bibliographic data include VOSViewer ( https://www.vosviewer.com/ (accessed on 16 April 2021)), and CitationNetworkExplorer ( https://www.citnetexplorer.nl/ (accessed on 16 April 2021)), which were developed by the same organization.	4
more authors and different countries) because more authors can increase the scientific and non-scientific network; (2) older papers, because they have more time of visibility in social networks; (3) traditional impact indicators (e.g.	1
All in all, two fifths of the professors do not know the concrete calculation of the h-index or—which is rather scary—wrongly deem to know what the h-index is and failed our simple knowledge test.	5
These predatory accounting journals tend to be cited in less reputable outlets; they are especially likely to be cited in Beall's List journals and especially unlikely to be cited in Scopus journals.	4
The results show that Chinese scientific output plays an increasingly critical role in science-based innovations while its contributions to domestic and foreign technology are fluctuated over the period.	4
The availability of quantitative data in the evaluation process allows us to examine which set of quantitative factors played an important role in peer review evaluations across all units of assessments (UoAs hereafter), which quantitative variables were not important for peer reviewers in their evaluations, and whether the importance given to quantitative variables was different across different subject areas.	1
We showed that, on average, papers with longer reference lists are more cited across the ecological literature than papers with shorter reference lists, a result that parallels findings of previous studies (Ahlgren et al.	5
Our results showed a clear positive effect of performance measurement and perception of integrity in employees' work environment.	5
Using a large data set, indexed by Thomson Reuters, consisting of 4.4 million articles published in 1998-2003 with a 5-year citation window for each year,	2
Our research is based on the 194 SSCI-listed journals in the field of management in 2016.	2
In the future, we should strive for indexes that require careful consideration when evaluating an author's competency rather than relying on a numerical value to determine a researcher's impact and influence in science.	5
Research trends and Publication features, including the distribution of countries/regions, institutions, total citations, average citations per item, h-index, journals, authors and research areas were classified and analyzed by the intrinsic function of Web of Science.	3
In this paper, I argue that the reluctance to define the core concept of this enterprise hampers the progress of empirical research and theoretical integration.	1
The idea is to rank the authors in descending order on the basis of values of these indices and then verify which index succeeds in bringing highest number of award winners in top ranks.	3
Received March 26, 2015; revised June 2, 2015; accepted June 3, 2015	0
The aim of this study was to describe and compare the nature of research published over the publication lifetime of journals associated with professional bodies in a sample of Australian nursing and allied health professions.	1
In 2010, ASPHO began collecting PHO demographic and workforce data from its membership through voluntary surveys distributed through its Committees and Taskforces.	2
Some commonly included figures include h-index, g-index, total citations, percent cited papers, and average citations per paper (Figure 1).	4
Acknowledgments This research was funded by the Spanish Ministry of Education's Study and Analysis Programme under the project “Desarrollo de un observatorio de la actividad investigadora de las univer- sidades en el período 2002–2009, a partir de variables e indicadores de I + D + i” (Development of an observatory on university research, 2002–2009, using R&D + I indicators).	0
This paper demonstrates a violation of causality: written in 1999, it was published in 1997!	0
The record was then translated into English for all non-English-speaking countries and then manually coded using a heuristic approach and a standar-dized thematic framework (see http://ciber-research.eu/ downloads/20160916-harbingers-research_instruments.pdf).	3
Figure 2: The number of published papers on the topic of altruism of each year from 1971 to 2009.	0
To accomplish this improvement the Black-Scholes model (Black, 1973) – 1997 Nobel Prize awardee in Economics – is utilized.	3
These findings warrant the need for incorporating formal training in the medical education curriculum.	5
Bibliometric studies provide in depth analysis of scientific productivity, thus ensuring and verifying the validity and output of research publications.	5
Origin of article based on the institutional affiliation of the first author.	3
We also toured the IURV and its research facilities, which enabled observation of operations by the interview team.	0
S1 for the breakdown of short and long format papers in Nature and JCB).	4
The accuracy of any instructions, formulae, and drug doses should be independently verified with primary sources.	0
The NIH Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools (RePORT) database was then used to query this list of pediatric surgeons in order to obtain NIH funding information for all surgeons receiving a grant during the period of 1988 to 2012.	2
As the regression results in Table 4 show, the exponent c is highly significant (p < 0.01) and the adjusted R2 for the overall regression model fit is near perfect for each of the selected eight journals individually and in combination.	4
Concretely, while low and high productivity researchers are relatively similar in terms of simple correlations, the FE-2 estimates for mobility are significantly positive for high productivity researchers and insignificantly negative for low productivity researchers.	4
This study aims to conduct a comprehensive and data-driven comparison of the scientific performance of the Leading Journals supported by the Plan 2019, particularly those employing the OA publication mode, with that of top international OA journals.	1
Edited by Anthony Van Raan, Leiden University, Leiden, The Netherlands, and accepted by Editorial Board Member Adrian E.	0
The Cl ranged from 1.65 to 1.91, suggesting that the research team was generally built by two authors in the field.	4
The findings suggest the importance of promoting collaborations between academia and museums through appropriate policies and funding, especially in the arts and humanities fields, where academics may need to demonstrate the broader artistic or cultural benefits of their research activities in the context of the REF.	5
The results suggest guidelines for policymakers in enhancing research productivity in accounting and management domains.	5
What is the relationship between a country's capacity to produce (i.e., population) and overall production, gender parity in scientific output, and levels of human development?	1
Journal reputation and audience, and the quality of the editorial and review process are the most important factors in deciding where to submit a manuscript for publication.	5
4 Located in France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and the United Kingdom.	0
Following a discrete choice model, we arrive at 3 comparatively good predicative models.	3
We compare the results of the indicators and show that DIV provides improved results in terms of distinguishing between different kinds of knowledge integration (citing) versus knowledge diffusion (cited) impact.	4
The purpose of this study is to explore the patterns of collaboration between individuals, institutions and countries in econometric research, and also to analyze the social structure of collaborative work in econometrics.	1
We used the Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) algorithm (Blei, Ng, & Jordan, 2003).	3
Across the four broad disciplines examined, collaboration had by far the strongest association with impact in the arts and humanities.	4
This study replicates and extends Yates and Chapman's [(2007), Behavioral & Social Sciences Librarian, 26(1), 39-51] study of references from Communication Monographs, Communication Research, and Journal of Communication for the years 2010 and 2015 to draw further conclusions on the use of monographs in journal literature in the field of communication.	1
This paper assesses the ICT knowledge infrastructure of South Asia through the perspective of the TH and SNA.	5
Third, we confirm an inflection point on the subject-budget relationship curve corresponding to change in the dominant determinant of scientodiversity.	1
In order to further verify the experimental results, we select 120 journals in three different fields (biology, artificial intelligence, and mathematics) from the JCR database as a reference, which can be found in Appendix Figure 14 and Tables 3–5.	2
With the aim of pioneering beyond available co-word research, this paper aims to develop an informetric dynamic co-word network to analyze the evolution of GEQR's KS, mainly revealing the effects of self-organization, small-world and scale-free.	1
Ciriaco Andrea D'Angelo: Conceived and designed the analysis, Collected the data, Performed the analysis and wrote the paper.	0
In this survey, we aimed to explore the factors associated with article retraction, the global distribution and the reasons for article retraction.	1
At the national level, UCINET was employed to determine measures of density, centrality and the clusters (hierarchical analysis) within the network (Borgatti et al.	3
Section 3 presents the data and methods employed in the study.	0
As mentioned above, we define group affiliation based on the institution which publishes the journal.	3
Further research, including surveys and comparisons in other regions in the world, may confirm the validity of the argument that scientifically big countries have the power to dictate priorities in small regions.	5
The said evaluation and publication process means that the values are not stable until several years after the patent applications' publication year, although they can be calculated by the end of that year.	5
Reviews, book chapters, viewpoint articles, and letters were excluded from the analysis.	2
For the computation of year-adjusted citation performance, we have the following steps:	3
Despite a high level of interest in quantifying the scientific output of established researchers, there has been less of a focus on quantifying the performance of junior researchers.	1
The Levy Library, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, One Gustave L.	0
The outcome measures were: (i) publications (yes/no) (ii) number of publications (iii) number of first-authored publications (iv) abstract presentation (yes/no).	3
1 Clinical and Molecular Epidemiology Unit, Department of Hygiene and Epidemiology, University of loannina School of Medicine, loannina, Greece, 2 Biomedical Research Institute, Foundation for Research and Technology-Hellas, loannina, Greece, 3 Institute for Clinical Research and Health Policy Studies, Tufts University School of Medicine, Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America	0
This study is based on a corpus of retracted publications (RP) which are linked to retraction notices (RoP).	2
We exclude the articles that had never been downloaded or cited since their publication (7552 articles remained).	2
The selection of information sources used for the study was based mainly on the results of a preliminary survey, but other factors also determined the choice.	2
This analysis is presented in three different parts.	1
Dissertation length significantly decreased over the years (linear slope = -4.13 pages/year; P < 0.0001***).	4
First, related applicants receive higher scores and are more likely to be funded.	4
That method, called balanced worth, offers a cardinal, complete and transitive evaluation that is based on the likelihood of getting better results.	3
All the analyses we have reported in this paper are correlational in nature.	5
This study explored the impact of scientific research funding policies on the funding and research by comparing the topic distribution of awards and papers.	1
Notes: Numbers in parentheses represent the position of each journal on the ranking of journals with the largest number of articles	0
The aim of this paper is to investigate theoretically and empirically the impact of research collaborations on the scientific performance of Italian academic institutions.	1
Table 2 illustrates that the range of values of Ts is [1109.9115, 1283.2111], which is approximately 8–13 times those of τ, indicating that the time consumption of the examiners dealing with the backlog of patents is quite long (Wen 2012a, b).	0
The specific formula to determine the scientific impact is as follows: Impact; = In (Citations; / (2023 - Publication Year;) + 1)	3
Recolecta identified just 62.2% of the articles deposited in a Spanish IR.	4
Findings reveal tensions between internationalization and indigenization, quality and quantity, integrity and instrumentalism, equity and inequity in Chinese academia.	4
1 The views expressed in this article are personal and not official.	0
In Mexico, most of the investment in research emanates from government sources.	5
Data related to the number of citations and the h-index of each of the lecturers were collected by viewing their profiles in the Scopus database in January 2021.	2
At aggregated level articles with up to 16 authors account for 55% of total citations.	4
We consider this article to be a contribution to a more evolutionary economics of science.	5
The comparison between women and men shows that there are no significant differences in the propensity to collaborate for the TSs.	4
*Denotes the correlations which are not significant at the 1% level.	0
It is reasonable to expect that the presence of institutions should be related to the share of nominal GDP3.	5
Histograms of the bootstrapped sampling distributions of weighted average MNCS indicators for the three groups (y-axis is relative frequency and the x-axis is the MNCS indicator).	0
While space limitations do not allow for an extended account of the cases, this paper distills key insights from them to illustrate more general patterns.	0
The total number of keywords collected for the 30 journals is 87,968 (the sum o column I) while 158,288 is the total number of keyword occurrences (the sum of column II).	2
First, our findings highlight the need to educate graduate students and novice academics about predatory journals and publishing ethics.	5
Exploratory analysis of the comments posted on PubPeer has provided several insights into how this popular journal club is used.	5
The main challenges in studying HVBSCH in online social networks are (i) How should we define the binary structure, (ii) How should we divide the binary structure we described, (iii) How should we explain self-formation mechanisms of the binary structure.	1
This study analyzed the results of the bibliometric exercise commissioned from CWTS of the publication output indexed in WoS for institutions that received FCT funding in the wake of the evaluations that took place in 2007–8.	2
Journals in two of the four quadrants of the map exemplify sustainable conditions, while the other two quadrants raise concerns about long-term stability.	5
Yet, in this context, the practice of assessing broader impacts has raced far ahead of its theory.	4
At the same time, the collaboration degree of FM combination with female participation is the highest, which reflects that female participation makes collaboration more attractive in scientific research.	5
This software is applied in Social Network Analysis.	3
It was the aim of this study to explore the citation parameters of the articles related to the contact lens field published in 2011 in both contact lens and non-contact lens source journals.	1
Open access journal publishers have to evolve a mechanism that will share the burden of the authors interested in publishing in OA journals that levy article processing charges.	5
Total LCS of citations were 72 990 times and GCS of citations were 174 098 times.	4
The conundrum between fast publishing and adequate standards is shown in this analysis of COVID-19 research articles.	5
This study explores a possible alternative explanation for the prior findings that involves the exertion of research production "effort” by way of the ex ante supply of critiques of a manuscript by informal commenters.	1
Our findings suggest that the quality of research and the wellbeing of the lab members depend not only on purely scientific factors and routine research and work practices but are also dependent on the culture of the lab as it manifests in interpersonal relationships.	4
In principle, both ERC and NSC managed to preserve overall efficiency while increasing their budgets year by year.	4
The ER (or excellence rate) which indicates the percentage of an institution’s scientific output that is included into the set formed by 10% of the most cited papers in the respective scientific fields, and serves as a measure of the high quality output of research institutions.	3
Table 6 shows that both the ATETs for the dataset of P99 (n=3990) and the full sample (n=4019) of the journal Scientometrics were significant (all the p values were lower than 0.001) and positive (the coefficients were 0.367 and 0.441, respectively).	4
More experiments on the AAN-Par network about natural language parsing technologies showed that main paths may indeed pass publications in strongly connected components which also sit at the turning points of domain evolution.	4
Due to the panel data structure of the data, we use a fixed effect specification to study the impact of the aforementioned factors on citation changes.	3
In order to control confounding factors, we use the linear regression model to estimate the relationship between team impact and team power dynamics.	3
Thus, association rule mining between keywords and burst terms (ARM-KB) can be a useful supplement for exploring a research front, and the basic philosophy of ARM-KB is actually irrelevant to the algorithms of BTD.	5
The study is drawn from available sources in the relevant literature and data, including that from the UNESCO Institute of Statistics, The World Bank, Thomson Reuters and SCImago.	2
In addition, we wanted to explore the use and reasons for the use of the black library known as Sci-Hub.	1
To validate the collected data, the framework has three clustering techniques as well, namely, k-medoids, k-means, and spectral clustering to identify the optimum number of heterogeneous groups.	3
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-Non Commercial License 4.0 (CCBY-NC), where it is permissible to download, share, remix, transform, and buildup the work provided it is properly cited.	0
An economic algorithm was adopted to estimate RPC on heterogeneous author-topic bipartite networks using bibliographic data from the field of Library and Information Science between 1971 and 2020.	3
To acquire articles in the implant-retained overdenture field, an extensive search without geographic or timeline filters was conducted in April 2021 among 9 core collections (Supplemental Table 1, available online).	2
The motivations for this line of research is rather cultural and pedagogical, whereas technological benefits are only conceivable on a longer time-scale.	0
A more detailed analysis of the percentiles of the most cited publications clearly demonstrates that OA publications dominated the top percentiles of most cited articles to a greater degree than non-OA publications.	4
Which Arab countries contribute most to MRI research?	1
Multicollinearity tests dismissed the potential for problems, since none of the mean variance inflation factors exceeded 3.27, which is below the cut-off of 10.	0
For each journal, we recorded the following information: For immediate open access, whether a CC BY licence or other Creative Commons licence was provided.	3
Despite this, the increase in self-reliance in Africa seems likely to generate long-term benefits that will eventually reverse this decline.	5
However, other evidence suggests that these journals occupy a distinctive niche based on characteristics other than citation quality.	4
Descriptive statistics were performed to calculate mean, median, totals, maximum-minimum values and interquartile range (IQR) for continuous variables.	3
On the other hand, we want to open up the black box of grant allocation by scientific panels.	1
Countries are sorted in descending order according to their staff number before exclusion	0
Fourth, female authored papers are observed to have a little lower number of citations per paper as compared to male authored papers.	5
Food Policy with the highest impact factor was selected for our research because it is a multidisciplinary journal on issues in implementation and evaluation of policies for the food sector in developing, transition, and advanced economies considering papers from any of the social sciences.	2
As a proxy for scientific quality we used Source Normalized Impact per Paper (SNIPs), which are citation rates normalized to account for differences in citation patterns across disciplines (Moed 2010).	3
By 2009-2011, number of authors increased from 586 to 1311 and edges increased from 227 to 1809.	4
This case study suggests that only Model 4 permits the assessment of learning of research skills; this design will also result in the greatest alignment (9/9) with the objectives of using a capstone (according to [20, 21]).	4
The results point out that for the most used tools the influence of the variables examined was higher in shaping scholars' motivations.	4
Using a basic indicator, namely the places of publication barycenters of monographs, edited books and book chapters published between 2002 and 2011 by scholars affiliated with Flemish universities, we show in this article that, contrary to the academic peer reviewed literature, the non-peer reviewed enlightenment literature remains domestic to a large extent.	3
However, answers to these questions should not exclusively inform each other: in particular, we must be careful not to allow the size of a scholarly population or the power of its status judges to fully determine the intellectual value of the questions pursued by any particular partition of the scholarly universe.	4
Therefore, this paper analyzes countries' scientific capability from the perspective of the scientific roles undertaken.	1
It takes as its point of departure the results of an empirical study conducted in 2002 which identified the common characteristics of 15 dynamic and innovative public research environments, and focusses on their development by revisiting the environments after more than a decade, hence mapping them in the current research landscape.	1
This study proposes a framework for identifying emerging topics based on a dynamic co-word network analysis, which integrates a link prediction model with machine learning techniques.	1
Harzing's Publish or Perish (version 2.8.3.4792), available as an on-line programme, was used to systematise the search.	3
The goal of this paper is to provide a bibliometric analysis of scientific publications that employ text mining in management.	1
The chronological evolution in the frequencies, in both absolute and relative terms, is shown in Figures 12 and 13.	0
We followed previous researchers who found themselves in a similar situation (e.g., Cruz-Castro & Sanz-Menendez, 2010) and used negative binomial regression, which is a recommended analytical technique for over-dispersed count data (Long, 1997).	3
Anyhow, the two kinds of preference factors are positively related, as seen in Fig.	4
Due to the descriptive nature of data, statistical analysis techniques were not used.	3
This work was supported by the Science Development Foundation under the President of the Azerbaijan Republic – Grant № EIF-2011-1(3)-82/07/1.	0
The vector auto-regression (VAR) model (Ashley et al., 1980) is a frequently used strategy in Granger-causality inference to determine the length of time lag between two time series, annotated as p.	3
Vellenga, EM-AST&L, is visiting professor, Maine Maritime Academy, and visiting professor of business administration, LCC International University, Klaipeda, Lithuania; e-mail dvellenga@alumnimail.albion.edu.	0
As can be seen in Figure 4 and Table 3, the importance of all the reader features is greater than those of the collection features.	4
The salary effects were identified using multiple regression models.	3
The British Journal of Sports Medicine has contributed the most to the publication of highly cited articles.	4
The final dataset used in this study is panel data, which encompasses personal information, type of employment, and academic performance of faculty members over the past 10 years.	2
Standardization would be desirable and would lead to comparable conditions and therefore also to a fair recognition of scientific achievements.	5
The linear chart in Figure 1 shows the scientific publishing presentation of the 6 most productive countries.	0
We manually classified phrases as negative or positive based on a blinded assessment of an automatically generated list of commonly used phrases in the sample (Supplementary Table 1).	3
Finally, the NPR transition rate is defined as the number of citing patents divided by the number of articles in the mediator set.	3
Semi-structured interviews using complementary scripts were conducted separately with 42 participants over a 3 year period to probe their knowledge and understanding of responsible authorship and publication practices and learn how faculty and students entered into authorship decision-making intended to lead to the publication of peer-reviewed technical papers.	1
Future studies are needed to assess whether social media posting of hand surgery research results in academic citations at the longer time intervals necessary for research publication maturity.	5
Our data set contains information on all publications by authors we identified as “core mathematicians” as described in subsection Focus on core mathematicians.	2
The full texts of all selected articles were down- loaded and interrogated.	0
There exists no scoring procedure that is invariant to aggregation and self-consistent.	4
NIH funding as a ranked amount showed a relatively poor R2 of 0.014 (Figure 4).	4
Since all information is downloaded in July 2017, citation performance of articles to this date is used in the analysis.	2
In order to capture the knowledge spillover, we will focus on four models: the Spatial Durbin model (SDM) in which we include W?Y and W?X on the right-hand side; the Spatial Durbin error model (SDEM) that expands the SDM model by introducing λW2ξ in the right-hand side; the Spatial Autoregressive Lag model (SAR) in which we include only W?Y; and, the Spatial Lag of X model (SLX) in which we include only W?X.	3
Imagine a focal paper published in 2008 with a citation window covering a period of four years (2008 to 2011).	0
The results confirm that longer articles, on average, receive more citations and are, therefore, considered more impactful.	4
On the basis of that analysis it is possible to match pairs of selected and deselected studies of the same age and to trace their number of citations at the time of selection or deselection.	3
Ce chiffre est la somme des différents auteurs de 1996 et 1997.	0
Comparison Between All Surgeons Who Obtained an R01 Grant and Those Who Did Not	0
Without consideration of time- and subfield-specific differences in citation impact analysis, fair comparisons between scientific entities (e.g.	5
Researchers mainly used the metadata elements in the categories of person, publication, and research subject.	4
The journals in which Reuben's work was cited were grouped as either being anesthesia and/or pain related journals, or those with a scientific focus outside Reuben's research fields.	3
The citation impact analysis of research theme showed that three themes (i.e., student teacher, Technology Acceptance Model and animals) attracted more citations than others.	4
Trends in the output of journal articles by type of journal	0
We find that the most prominent scientists who had an early career advantage in terms of citations and h-index are more likely to have had all four features, and that this advantage persists throughout their career after 10, 15 and 20 years.	4
The most productive countries and institutions are from the United States, and the majority of the literature production is done by economically and scientifically fit and well developed countries.	4
Articles published between 2011 and 2014 and referenced in Thomson's Web of Science (WoS) were used to construct the six independent variables for this study.	2
We find that the journal output has increased over the years.	4
Journals with any open access component, such as entirely open access journals and hybrid journals, were included as these may have different business models and economic incentives.	2
Is there a correlation between the country-based IF and indicators like Category Normalized Citation Impact and the percentage of publications in the Incites top 10%?	1
This, combined with Google Scholar's unique coverage (no restrictions on document type and source), makes the academic search engine an invaluable tool for bibliometric research relating to the identification of the most influential scientific documents.	5
For our estimations, we used the STATA codes provided by Du (2017).	0
The potential capacity of humanities and their fields, whether internally or complementary to other sciences, is more than what is currently recognized.	5
There are various reasons why research groups collaborate but they usually boil down to that the teams complement one another in methodological expertise and experience.	0
In "Conclusions" section we comment on the findings and draw conclusions.	0
When the decision is restricted to an Open Access journal, dissemination and visibility were the major selection criteria, with a mean of 3.99 (SD = 1.16), followed by impact factor (mean = 3.86, SD = 1.21), academic recognition and, lastly, the cost of publication (see Table 2).	4
A variety of methods were adapted for the study including bibliometric analysis (e.g.	3
In addition to quarterly Forum meetings, seminars are annual or semi-annual, thus the research has been conducted over a long period of time, between December 2010 and May 2017.	2
While each of the components of the proposed approach was based on existing methods, our main contribution lies in proposing a unified, reusable, and customizable framework that seamlessly integrates methods from diverse fields guided by an interdisciplinary approach.	5
We measure research productivity and quality using indicators such as publication count, publication pattern preferences, and average number of citations per publication.	1
Finally, we will propose a new editorial initiative based on a novel electronic tool on the ESC web-page that may further help to increase the dissemination of contents and visibility of NSCJs.	1
Book titles were extracted from the reference lists of articles that appeared in 604 history journals indexed in Scopus (2007-2011).	2
The authors thank all students and supervisors of the Doctoral School of Sustainable Development (dokNE II) and the Animal Husbandry group of the Division of Livestock Sciences at the University for Natural Resources and Life Sciences, Vienna, for valuable input to this work as well as the Human Ecology Research Group at the University of Vienna for fruitful and inspiring discussions.	0
Nineteen of the articles had retraction notices (76%), whereas six articles did not have a notice (24%).	4
Received April 11, 2013; revised June 3, 2013; accepted June 4, 2013	0
This paper explores whether we witness cross-boundary interactions in professional networks and changes in the knowledge production towards more collaborative patterns in urban water science.	1
In this study, the use of the H-index to evaluate scientific production in swine veterinary medicine was explored.	1
Out of all available metrics, 10 most popular ones were selected: Mendeley, Tweets, CiteULike, FB Walls, Blogs, News, Google+, Reddit, F1000 (Research Highlights), and Pinners.	2
We have applied standard statistical techniques to multiple data sources to perform this analysis, and have investigated whether interactions between variables are significant in affecting various outcomes (author gender; reviewer gender; reviewer recommendations and submission outcome) in addition to considering variables individually.	3
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
We study cross-cultural differences in self-promotion by comparing the self-citation behaviour of scholarly authors originating from individualist and collectivist cultures, using original data on 1,346 journal articles published between 2009 and 2014 in the fields of Management and Business.	1
Document co-citation networks were generated to visualize the diversity of documents and communities in the systems thinking literature.	4
It is argued that such probabilities are indeed more relevant for authors than the actual number of submissions.	5
The bibliographic material used to construct the networks was downloaded from Scopus in March 2021.	2
Based on theoretical considerations and on the empirical analyses, we conclude that for many purposes the fractional counting approach is preferable over the full counting one.	5
However, this also limelight's the immense scope and need for more and more research in the domain of fuzzy techniques in Big Data.	5
The second section consisted of 11 opinion statements designed to test the students' ability to apply their knowledge of several key research ethics concepts, specifically, intellectual property, confidentiality, authorship, and falsification/fabrication, to their research experience.	3
It clearly shows that in contrast to reports focussing on other Eastern European countries [45], scientific life in Wroc?aw is active and rapidly grows since 2006/2007.	5
The bibliometric data for the study was downloaded in February 2014.	0
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Key words: veterinary medical schools and colleges, faculty recognition, research awards, teaching awards	0
Lacasse, School of Social Work, College of Public Programs, Arizona State University, 411 N.	0
Domestic radiation oncology residency-training institutions and the associated then-current residents were collected using the 2010 Association of Residents in Radiation Oncology (ARRO) Directory.	2
Conversely, the fields of SSH and MCS experience a more gradual increase in Mendeley readership.	4
A mixed-methods approach was used to retrospectively analyze editors' free-text comments.	3
The aim of the proposed MLMRJR model in this study was to rank journals by analyzing multiple links that consider not only the influence of the citation relationship in the intra-networks, but also the mutual reinforcement in the inter-networks of papers, authors, and journals, which is based on MutualRank (Jiang et al.	3
The second contribution of this paper is to examine the consistency between GS and more restrictive citation metrics.	1
Specifically, in this study we focus on publishing time (defined as the time between paper submission and acceptance for publication) as a major source of dissatisfaction with the publication system.	1
Phaal to be among the most co-cited authors in PICMET publications in the last 10 years as shown by the sizes of circles.	4
Therefore, this paper focuses on learning the development of this multidisciplinary journal by using the bibliometric tools.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The results of JDC based on TFIDF are more consistent with the relatively independent research status quo of archival science in LIA.	4
Population and GDP data were gathered from the World Data Bank website.?	2
Upon data evaluation, 1,476 articles from 1990 to 2013 were used for data analysis.	2
Concrete evidence was found in support of the view that the IS field has become more cohesive instead of fragmented.	4
It is unarguable that many respondents are highly motivated and willingly engage in elaborate cognitive processes.	0
In total, 565 publications were finally selected for analysis.	2
Besides, a list of journals with their corresponding SJR indicator was downloaded from SCImago Journal and Country Rank to calculate the Average Impact of the journals.	2
The data on the professors' publications were extracted from the Observatory of Public Research in Italy (ORP), a database derived under license by the authors from the Thomson Reuters WoS National Citation Report for Italy.	2
In this study we apply the key-route algorithm (Liu & Lu, 2012) to explore the effects of SPAD, SPGD, and SPHD.	3
a Abbreviations of databases: A, Medline; B, Biosis Previews; C, Excerpta Medica Database; D, CAB Abstract; E.	0
In total, 7746 dengue-related articles were found in the SCI-EXPANDED from 1991 to 2014.	4
Of the rest, libraries are largely invisible, and ECRs have conflicting views concerning ethical behaviour.	4
This paper further determined the predictive capability of altmetric attention score for the increase of citations from November 2018 to January 2020.	1
This paper presents a bibliometric analysis of 779 studies published between 2000 and 2020.	5
1 School of Foreign Languages, Central China Normal University, Wuhan 430000, China	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=wstl20	0
To balance our sample in terms of scope, we added three more conferences with wide coverage of software engineering, namely International Conference on Automated Software Engineering (ASE), Symposium on the Foundations of Software Engineering (FSE), and International Conference on Fundamental Approaches to Software Engineering (FASE).	2
We employed a simulation model to imitate topic selection behavior based on the interactive mechanism hypothesis, in which the productivity and the impact are regarded as rewards.	3
Based on the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS CC) database, the index time of 258,311 EA articles in 2018–2022 is investigated, and its influencing factors of online time, publisher, journal, WoS category, and index type are analyzed.	1
We retrieved the number of citations from the ISI Web of Knowledge database in June 2013 and also information on other variables such as number of articles published by the corresponding author in the previous 5 years (searched through PubMed), selection for a press release, publication language, article type and topic, and others.	2
However, 68% of public university libraries in South Africa do not have an approved open access policy.	4
Biology, Chemistry, Linguistics, and Music) from 1980 to 2023.	2
First, a χ2-test indicates whether or not an individual profile deviates from the reference (at a confidence level of p = 0.05).	3
Analyzing the dataset specifically for the factors that impede open access showed a correlation between what previous studies have quantified and what is considered a prevalent topic in the LIS literature, thus an important issue to open access.	5
Then, 12,237 papers published at the 100 individual conferences were sampled as target papers of the current study.	2
In our paper, we utilise the GMM estimators as suggested by Arellano and Bond (1991), Arellano and Bover (1995), and Bundell and Bond (1998).	3
The number and rate of retractions have increased since 2010.	4
Our goal is to show that the ignorance of quality censoring may be behind a zero probability of payment for the reviewer.	1
This paper aims to advance our understanding of bibliometric analysis using FA by examining potential biases in the WoS practices for collecting and processing FA information.	1
We believe the outcomes of this research offer a fresh perspective that deepens our understanding of the challenges faced by female scholars in the scientific community.	5
The objective of this paper is to compare the article-level indicators for ranking institutions through a study of Chinese institutions in the field of Information Management.	1
Section 2.2 then describes acquisition models for both DBLP and CiteSeer.	0
The scatter plot of HCP and the h index was employed for ranking of individuals into 4 groups according to its quadrants.	3
The research presented here differentiates between IR and a sample of disciplinary repositories, publisher-provided, and other types of OA services in a bibliometric analysis of correlations between citations and the search engine performance of items held by IR.	1
This paper searches for articles published in journals indexed in the Web of Science categories of Computer Science in a 25-year period (1995–2019).	2
After removing duplicates, editorials, notes, introductions, and erroneous entries, we arrived at 2113 articles.	2
We hypothesize that, in such a con-text, jargony papers will be less understood, remembered and ultimately cited.	1
Affiliation of only the first author of the article is recognized and analyzed	0
The highest INO-P can be found in engineering (77.7%) and clinical medicine & biomedical sciences (78.0%) and the lowest INO-P have the social sciences (45.7%).	4
The new ranking approach combining the academic, environmental, and resource indicators leads to ranking results that differ from those published by the four media.	5
The review of March, June, December 2018 editions found co-first authorship and co-senior authorship ECA rates of 8.6% (range 0.0%-22.7%) and 1.8% (range 0.0%-13.3%), respectively.	4
Finally, the Conclusions put forward the study's main contributions, limitations, and policy implications.	0
The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the ABP or the ABP Foundation.	0
This research was supported by a Veterans Administration Merit Review Grant, MRIS 1416 (Dr.	0
We assessed data for normality using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, since the distribution was not normal for time to retraction, citations received and impact factor data are presented as median and inter quartile range.	3
In the subset of references analyzed, 51% were first-authored by individuals in Anglophone countries, even though, worldwide, only 9.3% of countries are Anglophone.	4
The findings are likely to be unsurprising to the knowledgeable reader.	0
The evidence obtained from the paper trails left by knowledge flows suggests that, though weightless, knowledge flows can be deflected by the paper walls.	5
Affiliation data are used to build the co-authorship network on the level of countries and, therefore, to analyse the international collaboration patterns.	3
An index based on L-L papers would be useful for various academic purposes such as for granting recognitions, research projects and awards, for individual senior researchers.	5
In this paper, the author uses two indexes, namely, the authors' cooperation degree[9] and cooperation rate[10] to analyze author's cooperation situation.	3
Под импакт-фактором понимают число цитат за некоторый год на статьи, опубликованные в журнале в течение нескольких предшествующих лет, деленное на число этих статей; чаще всего рассматриваются двух-, трех-, и пятилетние импакт-факторы.	3
The full models with all included variables can be found in the Appendix.	0
The ordinate shows the fraction of papers for each number of citations.	0
Table IV indicates that the 124 articles on institutional repositories have been cited a total of 722 times in the SSCI during this period.	4
Table 1 Field and year normalised average citation impacts of articles containing unique words in their titles (i.e., words occurring in no other article title from the subject 2009–2015) together with 95 % confidence intervals	0
For this reason, the objective of this paper is to analyze the Author Affiliation Index (AAI) in sustainability field journals as a preliminary study to offer some insights into quality rating of journals in this chosen discipline.	1
The objective of our analysis consists of identifying specific individual publications in the Higgs boson research context to which the scientific community frequently had referred to.	1
1Department of Endocrinology, Guang'anmen Hospital, China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences, Beijing, China	0
Policy documents make heavy use of social science.	4
We were informed that this research was not subject to review because study subject is not human subjects.	0
The UNISIST models are applied to the domain of art history and the article discusses the instability of a scientific domain as well as, at the same time, the significance of framing a domain; an implication which is often neglected in scientific information seeking.	5
The number of faculty members increased from 117 in 2000 to 186 in 2014.	4
With the exception of one journal which has not yet received an Impact Factor and, therefore, is only partly satisfied, all journals believe that they have achieved their goals, for example being indexed in important databases, having received an Impact Factor, reaching a wider audience, or attracting more authors.	4
The statistical model used in this research is multiple linear regression to create the strongest model for predicting downloads at an institution with the smallest number of independent variables.	3
Six publication indicators were applied to evaluate the publication performance of countries, institutes, and authors.	3
Across journals about 25% of the articles were preliminary findings and just under half were resubmissions of manuscripts rejected by other journals.	4
(1) The first evaluation was based on search statistics representing the most frequent search queries typed into Summon during its first year in use at Uppsala University.	2
However, one needs to be careful in interpreting bibliometric results on this level of aggregation any- way.	0
Through this process, 349 articles were identified and codified.	2
Subsequently, the number of articles written by individual authors continues to increase, but its percentage has dropped from 79.3% to less than 42.2%.	4
The scientific productivity of biomedical authors according to Lotka's analyses showed that apart from C?te d’Ivoire that had an α value of less than 2, all other countries had an α value greater than 2 which does not correspond with Lotka's benchmark of α=2.	5
Specifically, the table was constructed by applying the classification of authorship types to Zimbabwe's article output	0
The average number of citations received by a single-authored article was lower than that received by each type of coauthored article.	4
The TreeTagger (Schmid 1994, 1995) is a Markov Model based tagger that annotates texts of various languages with part-of-speech and lemma information.	3
To cite this article: Kong-Rae Lee (2014) 10 years of innovation studies in Asia through the Asian Journal of Technology Innovation, Asian Journal of Technology Innovation, 22:1, 168-184, DOI: 10.1080/19761597.2014.909990	0
Downloaded by The University of British Columbia Library At 21:04 30 January 2016 (PT)	0
Considering the potential covariance among the indicators mentioned above, this study performed a principal component analysis on these indicators and extracted two factors: Factor 1 is the interdisciplinarity factor at the knowledge integration stage, and Factor 2 is the multidisciplinary factor at the knowledge dissemination stage.	3
These findings imply that elite scientists, operationalized as those with a high h-index in the corresponding fields, are more sensitive to sparking work and, as such play a pivotal role in the genesis of transformative research.	5
After document filtering, data were organized, analyzed and presented by BibExcel (v.	3
Researchers from post-Soviet countries collaborated much less inside their country compared with authors from the international sample, where people collaborated more actively between institutions within a country.	4
Out of nineteen Research Council panel groups in the natural and engineering sciences section, ten were observed during their respective two-day meetings.	2
Half of the 50 keywords with the highest frequency of co-occurrence are the continuation of hot spots in 1900–2010.	4
Using the community detection algorithm of Blondel et al. (2008), participants were clustered into communities.	3
Some respondents considered that the acquisition of credit for articles with extensive author lists could be problematic in some instances, such as for junior researchers.	4
Considering the massive overhaul in the scholarly publishing system as discussed in this article, it's evident that a blanket one nation, one subscription policy won't be able to adequately address the issue of access inequity in the system.	5
With the surge in research due to COVID-19, this study investigates whether references remain reliable citation predictors during this period.	1
Thus, the study comprised 255 APC OA journals that provide explicit APC information on their websites plus 183 free OA journals.	2
As our initial assumption is that groups with high density and low clustering are sustainable, the data suggests a lack of social sustainability among research networks in Vietnam.	5
23 valid institutional responses were received of 44 invitations sent (52% response rate).	2
The study found that the average number of issues per year for SCI, SSCI, CSCD, and CSSCI journals was 10.95, 5.18, 9.17, and 7.87, respectively, and that CSCD/CSSCI journals publish more articles than SCI/SSCI, with CSSCI journals publishing significantly more articles per year than SSCI journals.	4
One hundred forty-seven journals (74%) responded to a request for information.	4
This work presents a use case of building a data visualization interface for open-access repositories.	1
The failure of participants to identify existing ethics resources including ACS resources indicates that there is a role for ACS ETHX in publicizing the availability of ACS' existing resources as well as those existing high-quality resources that have been developed by others.	5
In sum, researchers build more work ties that are cross-disciplinary and cross-institutional.	0
See Appendix 1 for the list of the universities and related information.	0
We have argued that the effects of the structure of incentives are particularly problematic given the complementarity between this structure and a culture of instrumentalist conceptions of research and the commodification of knowledge.	5
The pattern of h-index difference in the current study shows a similar pattern to that of Harzing et al.	4
Although lacking direct observational data, this study deduced the tenor of panel discussions from two supplementary data sources: (1) a corpus of 164 review reports commenting exclusively on the impact sections written by individual reviewers to reflect their panel discussions and (2) a survey of the same reviewer pool to explore their perceptions and experiences of mixed panel discussions.	2
The study was approved by the Committee on Human Research of the University of California.	0
The data was completed with forward citation tracking using Scopus, one of the largest and abstract citation databases in the world in the research field, which is highly reliable due to peer-review.	2
Descriptive statistics and inferential statistics (correlations and a two-way between group analysis of variance (ANOVA) were run using SPSS 28.	3
Number in parenthesis refers to the question number in the questionnaire as shown in Table 3.	0
We do not proclaim that this classification proposal is definitive or exclusively appropriate.	5
The transition to quantitative methods of assessing scientific performance in Russian science in the early 2010s led to a sharp increase in publication activity.	1
The main results show that three fields (Economics; Mathematics; and Business, Management and Accounting) have a strong alphabetic ordering usage, while other five scientific areas present some tendency to use lists of authors in alphabetic order.	4
We used a Mann-Whitney U test to analyze the difference between measurements and OA status, and we presented data in medians (second and third quartiles).	3
The findings show a positive effect of external collaborations in Saint Petersburg and a negative one in Moscow.	4
This work addresses this issue by proposing a subjective measurement that explains research incentives in a public university.	1
Analysing PLOS ONE's article-level metrics, it becomes apparent that the number of downloads has increased from 4,742,508 in 2007 to 15,171,181 in 2011 (see Table 4).	4
Then, the paper index value is computed using its fuzzy membership value and its distance to a class contains the highly cited papers.	3
In this study, Patent data is extracted from Clarivate Analytics’ IncoPat database, a commercial database covering extensive patent information worldwide (https://www.	2
For each period, a community detection algorithm—the frequent item set method [9]—is applied to detect subsets of densely connected roots within the graphs of similarity.	3
The results obtained from the model show that the mechanisms of competence and luck I outlined in Sect.	4
A JAVA application using Lucene 4.10.2 for computation of similarity measures was built for this experiment.	3
This second approach was applied for field delineation in terms of publications as described in Waltman and van Eck (2012).	3
We use data from two separate databases: the NSF's GRFP grant database and the National Research Council's (NRC) data on US research doctorate programs.	2
Then the bibliographic records of 3,602 articles selected were extracted and downloaded for subsequent bibliometric analysis, so as to shed light on the Chinese research status, hotspots and trends on information behavior.	2
A deductive content analysis was conducted to move from general categories established on the basis of prior knowledge to more specific ones emerging in the data (Kyng? & Kaakinen, 2020).	3
PubMed Central Open Access Subset (hereafter referred to as PMC OA) was selected as the data source.	2
Keywords: peer review; group size; research assessment exercise; research quality; research productivity.	0
The results show that in the case of scientific disciplines, where our language models were well-formed and we had a valid comparison set for manual classification, the machine-assigned tags were a reasonable and valid means for describing the research conducted under each grant.	4
I argue that Lakatos's MSRP and specifically his classifications of “progressive” and “degenerative" research programmes can be analogized and repurposed for the evaluation of scholarly journals.	1
Interviews were conducted and recorded using the Zoom video-conferencing platform.	3
More than half of the information science journals complete the editorial process in reasonable durations and share new articles with their readers before publishing them.	4
All of our hearts and minds are with the “angeli della scienza”.	0
As a case study the large accelerator LHC at CERN and its experiments have been selected since as a paradigmatic example of frontier research they offer an excellent case to test the CBA model.	1
This study aimed at describing the public health research output in India, its focus and distribution, and the actors involved in the research system.	1
Does the answer to the above research question differ between engineering fields in comparison to journal articles?	1
Evolution of the number of journals and number of papers published in JCR.	0
In situations where peer review decision making should be a way of compromising between conflicting decisions, maximum likelihood rule still makes sense because it represents the median opinion.	5
Acknowledgment We would like to thank Terry Shinn for his useful help and comment.	0
We assert a research field's independence from governance depends on its characteristics and the relative importance to researchers of research quality notions.	5
The micro clusters in the publication-level classification system of CWTS developed by Waltman and Van Eck [22] was applied to identifying topics of publications in the global science landscape with varying degrees of cognitive relatedness to Big Data research.	3
The International Journal of Nursing Studies (IJNS), Journal of Nursing Scholarship (JNS), and Journal of Advanced Nursing (JAN) were the 3 top-ranked journals in the “Nursing (all)" category according to SNIP in 2015.	2
Access to expertise and enhanced productivity were the main reasons why Ghanaian-affiliated researchers collaborated with others in these three regions.	4
5B, such as ‘‘evolution’’, ‘‘biology’’, ‘‘neuron’’, ‘‘cognition’’, ‘‘dynamics’’, ‘‘simulation’’, and ‘‘modeling’’.	0
Each journal’s last available issue for 2018 was used to manually count the number of articles in January-February 2019.	3
In summary, the economic complexity of countries seems to be better explained by the scientific productivity of those areas related to basic and exact sciences and engineering.	4
Mainly, we used data from the Ministry of University and Research (MIUR), the National Committee for the Evaluation of the University System (CNVSU), CINECA and the Lifelong Learning Programme.	2
Second, using diversity indexes based on keywords allows for the implementation of an article and author-based classification system (because it is based on semantic content decided by the author and linked to the article).	5
Overall we find the advanced citation methods promising.	5
In the bibliometric results obtained by prototyping Eq.	4
First, to characterize the central tendency of a paper's combinations, we considered the paper's median z score.	3
But most importantly, this research shows that the assumption underpinning the main criticism on SIs does not hold: Sls do disturb the flow of ideas within the scholarly communication system, but with regard to the alleged opportunity cost related to this shift, the results show that monographic Sls tend to have more citations than RIs, while the loss for conference Sls is only marginal.	5
The break-down by subjects shows that there is clearly more of a presence of predatory journals within certain areas: 30.5% of these journals included in our study pertain to the sciences, followed by medicine/health (21.8%), technology (20.1%), and business (14.2%).	4
Controlling for all other variables, discipline and rank were the strongest predictors of propensity to collaborate.	4
All the articles came from 81 countries, with the USA reporting the greatest number of published articles (45,911).	4
We do not find support for this claim in bibliometric indicators of papers submitted to the REF or in UK Medical and Life Sciences output more generally.	5
We are grateful to Rick Anderson, Associate Dean for Collections & Scholarly Communication at the J.	0
We only collected 18 responses, representing a response rate of 34%.	0
Finally, three of the six international ranking systems show bias toward the universities in their home country.	5
Significant research impact is associated with researchers located in wealthy, prestigious universities.	4
We did a systematic observational analysis examining antibacterial resistance research funding.	3
Our results suggest that while network exploration generally improves production quality, it can hurt quantity.	4
Remote sensing along with GIS has multiple applications in the healthcare area, particularly for vector-borne diseases.	5
We searched PubMed, Google and Google Scholar to assess if the preprint had been published in a peer-reviewed journal, and when.	3
Further exploration of links between lexical choices and citability, impact factor, new media use and altmetrics (online traffic of journal’s published manuscripts) could lead to the development of a methodology that would help researchers better understand the specific register of their target journal.	5
SAGES has chosen to reallocate an increased percentage of grant money to more junior faculty members and residents.	5
Backward set: Commercial search engine Yahoo! is used to collect the candidate websites that link to the initial seeds.	2
Finally, the methodology proposed to measure a journal's disciplinarity may be helpful for research dissemination to the extent that displaying the specialization level of journals favors the search for a suitable journal for research outputs.	5
A structured interview of opinions around exercise prescription was conducted.	3
Finally, we argue that, instead of over-relying on indicators, research environments should primarily be based on trust and personal responsibility.	5
Key to Table 3: A = Rank, B = File number [FN], C = File Name, D = Total records in database, E = Total records unique, F = % of all records unique to this database, G = % of records in this database which are unique.	0
Moreover, while most of the librarians who participated perceive that they have a solid knowledge of open access, they are less confident in their understanding of predatory practices and are seeking to increase their skills and knowledge in this regard to better support researchers at their institutions.	4
A bibliometric visualization technique was used to analyze scientific publications on COVID-19 vaccine research in the Web of Science database.	3
In this article, early access articles from 2018 to 2022 are selected as the research data which is from the WoS CC database.	2
More specifically, it explores how three firm characteristics – size, industrial sector, and country – can lead to increased participation in and larger grants from EU projects.	1
For this purpose, firstly, the scientific fitness of the nations and the complexity of scientific domains are calculated.	0
We also investigated the research abstracts for their inclusion of product move.	0
The multivariate analysis of discipline and period on cohesive relations suggests that disciplinary convention in academic discourse is more determinant than time, provided that the co-variate of TL is fixated.	5
The greatest change in the communication network was in the Opportunistic Collaborations Capstone.	4
A search of the NIH internal database IMPAC for all KL2 scholars appointed between 2006 and 2011 identified 1,341 one-year appointments that amounted to a total of 703 separate KL2 scholars (M.P.).	3
This report aims to fill this void, focusing on collaboration networks of papers presented at past European Population Conferences.	1
This paper selects the data of A-share listed companies in Shanghai and Shenzhen from 2009 to 2021 as the research sample (Table 1).	2
The research was supported by the International Centre for Higher Education Research Kassel (INCHER-Kassel) and by the University of Zurich.	0
In this paper we measure the specific impact of this theory by means of the citation record of the most important solid-state first principle ab initio packages.	1
Testimonials (including letters, emails, or other informal correspondence) were the most prevalent impact evidence source (40%), followed by Audience Statistics, Feedback, or Reviews (20%).	4
As the documents covered and the number of citations change depending on the information service considered, Web of Science (WoS) and Scopus have both been used to generate two different h values for the authors.	3
This article is an initial endeavour to systematically review and visually synthesize the main aspects of the intellectual and conceptual scientific structure of Balkan – Southeast European studies over the last century.	5
The opinions expressed in this publication are the view of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the opinions or views of ChemistryOpen, the Publisher, or the affiliated editors.	0
In this paper, this idea was tested in a case study of the Italian sociology community.	1
Competing interests The authors report there are no competing interests to declare.	0
Thus, in this study, we aimed to characterize the freely available YouTube videos focused on the h-index in order to understand the state of the available resources and to provide practitioners with practical findings to optimize the creation of future videos.	1
PubMed, Ovid MEDLINE, and Web of Science were utilized to determine how often PBs were cited.	2
Section 3 introduces the approach to analyze the evolution of a research field.	0
A bibliometric method was implemented using Scopus database for the period from 1900 to 2017.	2
Among the 2,420 units with full information in the census, 1,405 have been characterized as research-active, including 555 institutions that do not grant the PhD degree.	4
How do the IJLM's most prolific contributors, authors' affiliations and its frequently discussed themes converge intellectually?	1
The analysis of the accessibility of the library and the resources offered for accessing scientific literature in the centres where the participants carry out their research activities indicated that 86.3% (n=157) participants were aware that their centres offer facilities for accessing scientific literature.	4
However, it is easy to remove this artifact because the input files can be edited.	0
Although there is an inevitable element of subjectivity in classifying tweet content in this way, it seems clear that Astro/Particle tweets are more likely to focus on scientific issues than are tweets from Other conferences.	4
Contents | Author index | Subject index | Search | Home	0
The probability distribution for intermediate values of DJ-J is essentially zero, and data within this range are omitted.	0
Perspectives in Biology and Medicine, 42, 1 Autumn 1998 | 95	0
The degree centrality is an indicator of the relevance of the international collaborative activity of the scientific community of a country in the global MIS research network.	5
Since 1980, the diversity of Al paper production, authorship and citations to Al papers across institutions have decreased by 30% according to the Gini coefficient applied to annual distributions (Fig.	4
We collect information on each preprint on the author affiliation and other preprint characteristics, as well as corresponding information on the number of times each article is downloaded each month and how many times the preprint is referenced in news articles as well as the number of tweets referencing each preprint.	2
The icons are used to identify the corresponding stages in the monitoring results.	0
The growth of Online-Only journals exceeds the growth of Print-Only journals in 2007, and the number of Online-Only journals exceeded the number of Print and Only journals in 2012.	4
The frequency distribution of 341 disciplines is displayed in Table 1.	4
Academic age was not a determining factor for distinguishing research performance among all three groups of researchers.	4
Productivity by country of affiliation (Table 4) confirms that the United States is the largest producer, reaching 22 authors, 25 authorships and 17 centers, followed by Australia with 19 authors, 20 authors and 13 centers.	4
There is a tendency to form citation relationships between scientific knowledge units of similar age in 67.1 % of the sample networks.	4
The new diversity indicator and RS diversity measure different features.	4
Going deeper into the content of the selected articles, it was possible to develop broader categories in terms of the addressed topic, with several topics being frequently prominent.	0
Research articles are classified by OA type in the WoS platform.	3
Received December 12, 2013; revised January 15, 2014; accepted January 24, 2014	0
Taking Big Data research as a case study, this article intends to investigate the cognitive relatedness of research topics across the global science landscape to a focal topic.	1
Note: R = recommended for funding; RR = recommended with reservations; Q = Questionable; NR = not recommended.	0
These results help biomedical scientists shape successful careers and research institutions develop effective assessment and recruitment policies that will ultimately sustain the quality of biomedical research and patient care.	5
In short, our estimates probably underestimate the effect of fame on citations substantially.	5
We therefore map these journal citations to their DOIs, by sending each non-patent citation (less explicit references to DOIs) as a query request to CrossRef using their Metadata API, and record the most relevant result that CrossRef returns.	3
It also describes the method of automatic formation of such collections.	0
Our data suggest that the respondents were largely unaware of internationally accepted authorship criteria.	5
Since April 2012, the top referral site for OAPEN Library is from another service of the OAPEN Foundation: the Directory of Open Access Books (DOAB).	4
Unfortunately for Flinders, the person in question published zero Q(1) pages in 1997.	0
Analysis of h index included stratification by gender, residency size, and postresidency private practice or academic employment.	3
The scheme is heuristic and only tentative, and by far not exhausting.	0
A retrospective review was conducted of all the articles published within the Surgeon Journal from 2003 to 2020.	2
Comparing the results of the methods to the main assessor that was assigned to each research group, we find that the barycenter method usually scores better.	4
For this we downloaded manually the IF, Eigenfactor Scores and Immediacy Index of all journals.	2
However, the drop in the number of publications that can be observed after [2006-2008] in Figure 4 is not so obvious in Figure 5-b.	4
Therefore, starting from the hypothesis that the quality of publications in each country’s is a reliable indication of a country influence on the management literature, the aim of the present study is to identify the most influential countries.	1
Obsolescence is important to consider when setting the length of the citation windows.	5
We explore a dual score system that simultaneously evaluates the relative importance of authors and their papers from a given author-paper-citation heterogeneous network.	1
However, the researchers mostly work alone on their contributions to their joint work and spend minimal time interacting.	4
However, the vast majority of participants, while predicting some modest growth in megajournal output, felt a mixed-economy would be the most likely outcome, that is, one in which megajournals continued to operate alongside selective journals.	5
China's international publications on HSS research increased rapidly compared to those of the global HSS and Chinese scientific studies.	4
A core persuasive strategy was positioning the journals as premier venues to “elevate research impact.”	4
The author hopes that SLIM's policy and evaluative criteria may become an example followed by other LIS faculties.	5
Second, we also collect 2,155 tweets, containing “JASIST” or “Journal of Association for Information Science and Technology,” but posted between 2007 and 2014 from Twitter.	2
In this Note, we focus on the w-index introduced by Wohlin (2009), as a reaction to what he perceives to be an important shortcoming of the h-index (see also Egghe (2006)): the insensitivity of the h-index to the shape of the citation curve.	1
Conclusions: Within Trans-O-MIM we will reach at least nine of the sixteen criteria for adequate transformation.	5
The authors particularly thank Paul Mbatia, Dan-Bright Dzorgbo, Ricardo Duque, and Marcus Ynalvez, without whom this study would not have been possible.	0
The coding proceeded in accordance with grounded theory, and coding of publication-related themes satisfied the criterion of saturation (Corbin and Strauss, 2008).	3
It can be found that most of them have 5 to 7 research topics and only a few laureates have less than 3 or more than 8 research topics.	4
Using (1), we will study the functional relation between the nonnormalized variant of MNCS, denoted MCS (being the average number of citations of the publications of a university) and PPtop 10%.	3
The MAG data offer coverage for both conference proceedings, where Al papers are often published, and academic journals, where other fields prefer to publish.	2
Anesthesiology journals indexed in the MEDLINE database 2018 and publishing original articles in the field of anesthesiology were included in the study.	2
The dataset contains 135,509 HCPs published from 2007 to 2017.	2
Our findings that large percentage of Letters to the Editor were published by medical students, and the majority of letters by medical students being from UK medical schools suggests that medical students are potentially writing Letters to the Editor as a means of obtaining a PubMed ID for Foundation Programme applications.	5
Pakistan was divided into six regions: Punjab, Sindh, NWFP, Baluchistan, Islamabad, and Azad Jammu and Kashmir.	0
We computed the average hg-index for full professors of marketing.	3
The number of publications has increased over time and varies across research fields.	4
This study aimed to estimate the spatial price index of medical services to measure price levels across 31 provincial regions in China.	1
In this paper, we merge the “Author Keywords” and “KeyWords Plus” obtained from Thomson Reuters Web of Science (WoS) (accessed through their Web of Knowledge) and calculate their TF-IDF (Term Frequency-Inverse Document Frequency—a measure of how specialized the terms are) values to create a set of 100 top candidate terms.	2
One of the oldest bibliometric measures is counting the number of publications.	3
This process left us with our final sample of 59,707 research articles.	2
A weak statistically significant correlation was found between GERD and H-index (r=0.39, P=0.018), and between GDP per capita and the number of documents published (r = 0.33, P = 0.049), number of citable documents (r = 0.35, P = 0.040), number of citation (r = 0.45, P = 0.006), and H-index (r = 0.47, P = 0.004).	4
2011), calculate total and fractional average values, evaluate the ranges of fractional contributions, and deduce trends for the last century.	1
(2014) that the hla represents an improved tool for the comparison of academics of varying disciplines and career stages.	5
We thank all the individuals who participated in the focus group workshops.	0
Of the six associations between proportion of Q1 JIF publications and MNCS and TNCS, only one point estimate qualifies as a 'moderate' association (n2 > 0.06; see Fig.	4
Table 1 shows the US at the top with 936 (37.65 %) in SM, 455(47.34 %) in SS, and 427 (39.94 %) in SE, following by England, with 399 (16.05 %) in SM, 121(12.59 %) in SS, and 133 (12.44 %) in SE, respectively.	4
Using this information, we manually judged whether each journal was OA or not.	3
Our econometric analysis shows that the expected profile of academics who are likely to publish in predatory journals are those with doctorates obtained in local institutions and with significant career time.	5
Data Availability Statement: The original contributions presented in the study are included in the article material; further inquiries can be directed to the corresponding author.	0
Data have also been sourced from the CVs of ECRs, which they provided ahead of the interviews, and from elsewhere in the interview schedule.	2
Of the identified studies, 66 had obtained only 0 to 3 citations in the 10 years after publication.	2
We attribute their high registered productivity to their training at the doctoral level in prestigious foreign universities, their academic positions in internationally recognized Chilean universities, and their participation in state-funded research centers of scientific excellence.	5
The survey asked for residency type and institution; fellowship type and institution; whether an advanced degree was obtained; current faculty position if applicable; publications through December 31, 2013; research funding from public and private sources; and a self-report of participants’ professional time conducting research.	3
Our analysis is limited to the fields (SDS) where bibliometrics can be applied.	2
Academic rank, career duration, and NIH funding were associated with increased mean RCR and weighted RCR.	4
The first author acknowledges support by the ESRC project Mapping the Dynamics of Emergent Technologies (RES-360-25-0076).	0
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The first two routes reflect scientists' referencing misbehavior while the third calls attention to self-copying of references.	5
This requires the creation of composite indicators based on measurable parameters (Vinkler 2006; Torres Salinas et al.	0
We collected the updated number of citations (until July 2022 -Google Scholar) for each publication in both disciplines, and we collected the total number of citations for each quartile or venue.	3
The overall research design was to extract all references from AHFS DI Essentials, identify the most cited journals, and compare the citation counts of the AHFS DI Essentials ref-erences in these journals with the remaining articles to see if they tend to be more cited.	3
By 1995-2010 there were 10,082 co-authored articles published between Australia and mainland China.	4
Academic Integrity (AI) violation survey (Cronan et al., 2018) and ICT literacy scale (Lau & Yuen, 2014a) were employed in the current study as data gathering tools.	3
It offers an in-depth analysis of the publication trend and citation structure of JCF articles, most prolific JCF authors, and their affiliated institutions and countries.	1
The results presented in this paper demonstrate clear differences in outcome between the variant methodologies used to calculate Category Normalised Citation Impact (CNCI).	5
In total, we collected metadata on 747 publications, of which 12 were proven fake papers (Table 3), 733 served as our honest reference papers and 2 were excluded from both groups.	2
In total, our analyses yielded 561 narrow wins and 623 near misses around the payline.	2
In general, the EOM model is still applicable for calculating journal citation when the increment effects of the number of articles are considered.	5
We extracted all metadata and peer-review details for all manuscripts submitted to six ecology and evolution journals from ScholarOne Manuscripts.	2
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—November 2008 2061	0
16, in terms of the Average path length, Betweenness centrality, and Cliques_num, the score for the high citation trend is greater than that for the medium citation trend, which is greater than that for the low citation trend.	4
Following data cleaning and verification (815 respondents were discarded since they did not provide a list of journals they had published in over the specified period to evaluate); the final sample size was 1,005 cases (27.1%).	2
The first collaborator for all West African countries falls outside the West African region.	4
Case 2 exhibited the best performance in predicting collaborated patents of the two institutes.	4
But some alternative fields of forces also emerge, so our second hypothesis (H2) could be corroborated by research data.	5
After the retraction, each paper was cited an average of 4.1 additional times.	4
Here, variations (Fractional and Collaboration [Collab] CNCI)—which aim to address the obscurity problem—are compared to the Standard CNCI indicator for over 250 institutions, spread globally, covering a ten-year period using Web of Science data.	1
These filters included years (> = 2000), category (education & educational research; education, scientific disciplines; and education, special), and country (Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Dominican Rep, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, Venezuela, and Mexico).	2
Against this background, factors such as the quest for alternatives to high-cost business models, investments in setting up institutional repositories hosting the published versions of articles and efforts to overcome copyright barriers and gain free access to scientific literature are all crucial.	5
Downloaded from www.methods-online.com on 2015-01-14 | ID: 1000471717 | IP: 132.174.255.116	0
In paths forward, we propose a general framework with considerations for facilitating multiple disciplinary activities in conservation science.	5
The journal publishing the articles, title of the article, authors of the article, year of publication, number of citations, average number of citations per year, level of evidence, and country of origin were recorded.	3
all submissions received after 8th October 2018 will be subject to an Article Processing Charge (APC).”	2
This tool contributes to merging problems from Scopus and Clarivate Web of Science sources, extracts and represents h-index for the analysis topic, and offers a set of possibilities for temporal analysis for authors, institutions, wildcards, and trending topics using four different visualizations options.	1
The birthdates and dates of PhD defenses of PIs were obtained from public sources, including the Estonian Research Information System (www.etis.ee).	2
Specifically, Academic Tracker uses the pymed, habanero, orcid, and scholarly libraries to query PubMed, Crossref, ORCID, and Google Scholar, respectively.	3
By way of the Web of Knowledge’s Arts & Humanities Citation Index it is possible to examine the number of authors who have published in more than one of the journals, for example in the period 2002-2010 (Figure 5).	2
The official method used two panel reviewers who independently scored the application, followed by triage and discussion of selected applications in a panel.	3
The relative efficiency scores and the ranking of journals obtained by the models are compared with traditional metrics, Academic Journal Guide 2021 classification and the results of the study (Chen et al., Journal of Informetrics, 15(3), 2021) that applies DEA models for the classification of ORMS journals in the same year as our study.	4
1), but they were interpretable on the basis of the cosine (Fig.	5
RQ3 With non-mobile researchers as the reference group, do inbound researchers produce more papers after moving into Taiwan?	1
It is easy to ask the questions, but very difficult to come with solid answers.	0
As demonstrated by almost thirty research projects identified in Section 4, ‘Landscape’ appears as the core area of current research developed by AGR10's colleagues.	5
To investigate the number of authors and unique institutions per paper published in the American Journal of Pharmaceutical Education (AJPE) in 2015 through 2019, and to examine the number of authors and unique institutions for papers that were nominated for the Rufus A.	1
In fact, whereas the 2016 edition of the SJR's subject category of “development” included 195 journals, the SSCI's category of “planning and development" only had 55 journals.	2
The analysis methods followed in this study highlight the importance of interdisciplinary research collaborations and may be valuable to institutions wanting to benchmark their own SDG efforts.	5
With respect to the second parameter, we used the values 0, 0.5, and 1 as measures of the website's degree of compliance with each feature.	3
The index examined was the Directory of Open Access Journals, commonly known as DOAJ.	2
Through individual fixed-effect, we compare articles of the same scholar to roll out the influence of individual characteristics on the scientific impact of their research.	3
The Kano model was applied to classify author IRAs into 3 parts.	3
In this study, we utilized the “openalexR” package (https://docs.ropensci.org/openalexR/) to extract information regarding journals and publishers from the OpenAlex database.	2
Pearson's product-moment correlation analyses were conducted to evaluate the relationship between the normed frequency of adjectives and adverbs per year and the means of FRE and NDC scores in the same year.	3
Bibliometric analyses were conducted using the Bibliometrix package (Department of Economics and Statistics, University of Naples, Naples Italy) in R version 3.5.1 (The R Foundation</ORGANIZATION>, Vienna, Austria).	3
Up to the middle of 1990s the most “important” works belong to social sciences, and starting from the 2000s the field experienced the “invasion of the physicists” leading to the establishment of Network science.	5
Amsterdam University Press has placed almost 400 books in OAPEN, but less than half of them are also listed in the Directory of Open Access Books.	2
A representative keyword for each cluster is reported on the bottom right part of the figure.	0
To cite this article: Duane Knudson (2015) Citation Rate of Highly-Cited Papers in 100 Kinesiology-Related Journals, Measurement in Physical Education and Exercise Science, 19:1, 44-50, DOI: 10.1080/1091367X.2014.988336	0
The vast majority of publications in the field of CHL had only a single author, institution or region from 1978 to 2014.	4
(Hereafter, wherever we refer to “collaboration" between authors, we mean “collaboration that ends up with a common article in a journal indexed in WoS.”)	0
To assess each country's relative disciplinary strengths in NST, we apply the Relative Specialisation Index (RSI).	3
Results show that eigenvector centrality is a good metric for identifying important papers in a journal.	5
The collected papers were analysed with the VOSviewer software (University of Leiden, The Netherlands).	3
We find that median productivity in the top four marketing journals was 0.40 publications per year.	4
From the concept symbol perspective, the study of a co-citation network focuses on interpreting the nature of a cluster of cited documents and the interrelationships between the clusters (10).	0
Fuzzy Sets and Systems is the most cited journal by FODM publications, and Zadeh (1965) is the most cited reference.	4
Therefore, this paper constructs an integrated indicator to evaluate scientific papers from both citation and semantic perspectives.	1
The lack of easily accessible information about neurosurgical publications, such as submission costs or OA charges, creates an unnecessary hurdle and should be remedied.	5
Firstly, text data were imported into Clarivate's Derwent Data AnalyzerTM, and the multiword list in the field of “combined keywords + phrase" was selected as the field-of-topic term.	3
The study employs a quantitative content analysis of articles published in 31 scholarly LIS journals in 2015.	2
However, per the Leiden manifesto "the best practice uses multiple indicators to provide a more robust and pluralistic picture" [13]; consequently, we use three different indexing engines to source citation counts, and three different citation-based journal ranking metrics.	3
In this work, we explore measures defined on the citation graph that offer a more intuitive insight into the impact of a paper than the superficial count of citations.	1
We identified societal impacts in the citation streams including citations in international clinical guidelines.	5
A total of 443 institutions were identified according with the selection criteria established by the bibliometric portal, which calculates indicators for those institutions that have published at least 100 citable documents indexed in Scopus database during the last year of the selected period of time.	2
Results of our nonparametric analysis, in particular the observation of evergreens, cast doubt on this assumption and shed light on future parametric modeling of citation trajectories.	5
The cluster analysis identified five clusters with 41, 39, 35, 32 and 31 noun or noun phrases in each.	4
Our main aim is to analyse BKCI coverage by focusing on identifying the main publishers represented.	1
These included 7,395 relevant articles (5,605 original studies and 1,790 short reports/brief communications).	2
Even though federal policy precludes the gold standard experimental design, this research shows that administrative data can be leveraged to infer causality and evaluate policy effectiveness.	5
1Insight SFI Research Centre for Data Analytics, University College, Dublin, Ireland.	0
A new link-based document ranking framework is devised with at its heart, a contents and time sensitive random literature explorer designed to more accurately model the behaviour of readers of scientific documents.	1
The study employs R Studio for data analysis and VOSviewer for network visualizations, uncovering the centrality of terms like “carbon dioxide”, “essential oils", and "supercritical extraction" in the research discourse.	3
Regarding the factors influencing OA publication (RQ2), institution type appears to be the most influential.	5
As an extension of that article, the current research attempts to compare the gender gap in nanotechnology with that in the overall tech area (a proxy of traditional fields)4 focusing on the potential effect of collaboration.	1
In summary, the proposed methodology for generalized linear models, and for the Generalized Logistic Link estimation procedure in particular, is seen to give equal or better model fit, inference and classification/prediction results, to existing methodologies when the assumptions of the model are relevant and the link condition is satisfied.	5
(2019) identify the presence of the video abstract as a predictor for citations, while here, citations are found to be a predictor for the choice to make or not the video abstract.	4
However, it performs differently according to the level of interdisciplinarity of the subject category selected.	5
Our study has shown that the scientific basis of HBR articles is rather weak but that there are significant feedback effects to the scholarly debate from this popularization journal.	5
The studies objective was to identify additional research areas dealing with information dissemination and citation practices in computer science.	0
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Level 3 map showing the context of organic thin film transistors within nanoscience in 2006	0
The results showed that the linear term for knowledge diversity in interdisciplinary collaboration positively predicted the number of Tweets, while the regression results for the quadratic term were negative and significant (β?	4
It is prevalent to measure research collaboration with indexes or metrics.	0
In the analysis of publications based on corresponding author countries, China leads with a total of 2895 articles, mainly from SCPs with 2179 articles (see Figure 3).	4
We focus on the question of “normalization" in the broad acceptation of making measures comparable across scientific areas with different publication and citation practices.	1
A computer search technique was developed to solve (5) for the ML estimator of β.	0
Our analysis revealed that for the entire computer science domain, in general, highly disciplinary and highly interdisciplinary research imply low scientific impact as compared to those which have a more balanced mix.	5
Although desired by policymakers to exemplify excellence many PR3 articles are characterized by a rather commonplace individual citation performance and have not achieved the impact presumed and rewarded after publication based on journal metrics.	4
On average, while the veterans are likely more competent at getting new co-authorships than the newcomers, the newcomers tend to be better at getting new citations.	5
Finally, this study has further strengthened the growing recognition that international- ization of education can play in achieving global sustainable development.	5
A number of other novel approaches in academic publishing are less well developed and need more discussion and experimentation as well as implementation research.	4
Taking the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) database as main source and the Chinese Science Citation Database (CSCD) as reference, the researchers retrieved the related data of the Journal such as its publication quantity, citations, fund projects, authors, institutions and regions from 1981 to 2018, analyzed these data by means of bibliometrics and information visualization with EXCEL, SPSS, VISIO, MATLAB and other softwares.	2
Using the Burst Detection algorithm in CiteSpace can reveal the cutting-edge areas and development directions of archival digitization research.	3
LOE was low and there was only one RCT amongst the classics, emphasising that high LOE is not a prerequisite for a high citation count.	5
High correlation between 2- and 5-year impact factors was observed for both first and late comer journals.	4
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:235211 []	0
Three of the major concerns raised were, first, a growing inter-regional gap among LATAM countries.	4
By employing a combination of survival model and relative dropout rate calculations, we identified unified career stages across fields: rapid decrease (RD), stable decrease (SD), and unstable increase (UI).	3
(5) is our proposed most accessible form of the E-index, which can be determined from bibliometric data alone and considered as our main methodological contribution.	3
Generally, the metrics for tourism scholars were higher than for hospitality and events.	4
She has worked in the Provincial Library Services in KwaZulu-Natal and as the University of Natal Archivist and Subject Librarian in the University of KwaZulu-Natal Library.	0
The importance of cybernetics is also reflected in the fact that information sources related to it are published in high-ranking journals and important international conferences.	5
My work offers a sobering conclusion for policy makers interested in promoting clusters in high- technology areas such as biotechnology.	5
Beyond documenting an important trade-off to IDR engagement, we also find that IDR is indeed a high-risk, high-reward strategy: scientists who publish more IDR are more likely to produce both frequently-cited and rarely-cited works.	4
On the other hand, when fractional counting is used, each link has a fractional weight such that the overall weight of an action equals one.	3
Overall, 3,867 articles regarding curare are found in WoS.	4
However, the findings for author centrality rankings revealed that traditional methods (e.g., summing total publications) for ranking communication scholars yield drastically different results when compared to centrality rankings (incorporating breadth of publications across journals).	5
Countries of research were further categorised into region (Asia/Europe/North America) and as high-income or low/middle-income according to the World Bank (World Bank, 2020).	3
The paper also makes use of the h-index [1, 15] and the ratio of 'citations per paper'.	3
Table 6 shows the Journal–Journal Citation Graph JJ which is obtained as the product [JPfrac] [PP] [JPfrac]T.	3
At an institutional and professional level, I believe, what is needed is a code of ethics, especially for journal editors and publishers, that identifies and discourages the even well-intended behaviours that drive editorial decisions based on promoting impact factors.	5
Keywords Research output Scholarly recognition Citation analysis · Social sciences · Spain · France	0
2 for the strategic diagrams calculated in our analyses).	3
We used preprints submitted in the categories of AI, computation and language, computer vision and pattern recognition, machine reading, neural and evolutionary computing, robotics, multiagent systems, and information retrieval to represent AI research between 1993 and 2019 (Frank et al., 2019).	2
In this study, visual bibliometric coupling analyses on the country of origin and article key- words of the top 100 cited publications were performed with VOSviewer software Version 1.6.17.	3
[19], where the idea is to approximate the data density by a mixture of Gaussian distributions with an appropriate component-specific covariance structure.	3
Eighteen studies (9%) reported funding only in the peer-reviewed version.	4
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 300 times since 2013*	0
Using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient, we evaluated the strength and direction of the linear relationship between the impact factor of the journal and the number of top 100 cited articles included in the list.	3
Here we study the author contribution statements of published research papers in order to explore possible biases and disparities in career trajectories in science.	1
From the Web of Science Core Collection, 229 source articles that contained system(s) thinking in their title from a range of disciplines were identified.	2
We then used the Pajek and Java programs to determine extensity centrality-Newman (Cext-N) values and analyze the clas sical indices of this component including degree centrality (CD), betweenness centrality (CB), closeness centrality (Cc), and eigenvector centrality (CE).	3
The authorship and co-authorship network of TFS is well- connected and it contains a series of collaborating authors.	5
Seven of the articles were detected by at least one of our methods.	4
We used MS-Excel, VOSviewer, and Gephi applications to carry out the analyses indicated.	3
Concerning our first research question, we found that the systematic previous literature search-terms selection process helped to expand the C and B sets and improved the recall of the reference lexical query by 24%.	5
In summary, the probability of a document being eventually retracted is positively correlated—before the retraction itself takes place—with the count of its views and downloads, as well as with the number of mentions it receives in peer review sites, especially PubPeer.	4
To achieve this, 500 ORCIDs were randomly selected from those included in the 508,934 articles studied and were used as queries in PubMed, MEDLINE, and the ORCID registry.	3
extremely important (5), expressed in % of the total number of responses	0
In terms of the number of publications Porter, A.L. remained the most productive author with 18 publications, and these publications obtained 231 citations.	4
We obtain information about researchers, publications, co-authorship networks, and citations from Research Papers in Economics (RePEc), an essential bibliographic service for the field of economics.	2
2011; Shehatta and Mahmood 2016), through the creation of Riyadh Techno Valley Park, a local industry-based environment for high-scale technological R&D (Alshumaimri et al.	4
The authors acknowledge this in Section 7.4.2, where they discuss the insights that a dynamic Bradley-Terry model could offer.	0
To test the hypotheses about the geographical bias in ratings of the study’s (either deriving from the USA, Poland, or China): impact on the research field, appropriateness of methodology, and justifiability of funding across three disciplines (i.e., Biology, Psychology, and Philosophy), we run ANOVA models 3 (USA, Poland, China) × 3 (Biology, Psychology, Philosophy) with their interaction for both scholars and non-scholars.	3
Methodological quality of included radiological animal studies was evaluated using a rating scale that we created based on the Animal Research: Reporting In Vivo Experiments (ARRIVE) guidelines (9).	3
The survey had 241 respondents, giving a 29% response rate.	2
We find that search from this list shows strong primacy effects, whereby papers displayed earlier on the list are viewed, downloaded and cited more often than are other papers, as well as some recency effects, with the last paper also being more frequently viewed and downloaded.	5
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
In theory, the method of co-word analysis is similar to methods of co-citation analysis of papers or authors.	0
The hmen index was found to have very strong positive and highly significant correlations of around 0.95 with each of the h indices.	4
More than a quarter of preprints citations were inappropriate since preprints were in fact already published at the time of publication of the citing article, often with a different content.	5
A bibliometric search was conducted using the WoS database search engine.	2
The aim of this study is to find answers to the following questions: (1) which scientific sub-disciplines were represented in forestry journals in the five-year period, (2) which scientific sub-disciplines dominate, what are their interrelationships and trends, (3) which journals dominate and how they are grouped and (4) what is the diversity of scientific sub-disciplines within journals.	1
Murray for providing insights, the IMS Health for making their data available to this work, and K.	0
The final network formed a bipartite graph with two node types representing authors and reviews.	3
12 residents and 20 attending physicians participated in 114 trauma simulations utilizing a Laerdal 3G mannequin.	2
The organizations providing the most documents to the sample are mostly Chinese.	4
The software MaxQDA was used to support the content analysis.	3
I extracted certain article information, such as titles or titles together with authors and authors' affiliations, depending on how these data were presented on the website of each hijacked journal (see Table 2).	2
Subsequently, the Thomson Data Analyzer (TDA) was used to extract the number of countries, institutions and authors per year.	3
Earlier studies have identified the impact factor of the journal as the most powerful predictor of citations and shown that the majority of most-cited articles were published in high impact factor journals [29–31].	5
The relationship between international collaboration and scientific impact is studied in the context of South American universities.	1
The first contribution provided is that these young people have not been trained in this information competence in formal education, which leads to the conclusion that the education system in Spain has been deficient in not instructing them in a skill that is necessary for their professional and personal development.	5
The distribution of impact factors has been modeled in the recent informetric literature using two-exponent law proposed by Mansilla, K?ppen, Cocho, and Miramontes (2007).	3
Corporate governance transparency positively impacts operational performance, while energy and water management enhance market performance, with product quality and safety having a negative effect on market performance.	4
Therefore, the analysis was performed on 12,105 researchers from sixty-eight research disciplines.	2
This pre-print is made available with the understanding that it will not be reproduced or stored in a retrieval system without the permission of Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 1 times since 2016*	0
Note that the splitting error is ignored in this study, which limits the utility of the model.	5
As preliminary dimensionality-reduction has been shown to be beneficial to text-classification-tasks (Shafiei et al.	3
Quotations such as "for a good review see reference" or "the procedure was performed as previously described" were classified as accurate.	0
To match a Medline article in WoS, I used a lookup table that maps PubMed ID to Accession Number, the primary identifier used in WoS.	2
This process generated a rich set of basic, close-to-text codes, and was followed by pattern coding to develop themes and categories (Salda?a 2013).	3
The other source was the independent and objective evaluation commissioned by AACR and ASCO and conducted by Thomson Reuters.	3
We compare the performance of the first-inventor patent classification codes coupling analysis and all-inventor patent classification codes coupling analysis in detecting the intellectual structure of the technical domain.	1
The data demonstrate that the internal results account for relatively low percentages in comparison to the general ones.	4
Thanks to Lorraine Estelle, Sarah Fahmy, Helen Henderson, Bill Hubbard, and Stuart Lawson for comments on drafts of this article.	0
This article can be considered a turning point in positive psychology.	5
The titles were cleaned and matched with WorldCat.org (for publisher information) as well as Goodreads (for reader ratings) using an API.	3
We highlight the innovative inputs of a science that is less capitalistically driven but more structurally transformative, even if it seems intellectually riskier.	5
Rather, our results reveal a more scattered picture where the research collaboration within the ISPIM community is quite clustered and those clusters are based mostly on the country or the institution of authors'.	4
The value of the Hirsch-index (H-index) was used to assess the impact of countries, journals, authors, and articles.	3
Error rates for units of assessment with indicator values based on sufficiently large numbers are estimated to be fairly below 10 %, but can be expected to vary substantially among countries of origin, especially between Asian countries and Western countries.	4
16 The map of country co-authorships associated with the Covid-19 literature	0
In this paper, we focus on the observations of 39 online gatherings between October 2020 and October 2021.	2
In terms of research policy implications, the results suggest that funders and research managers should continue to generally encourage international collaborative research because the journal articles produced tend to be higher quality.	5
Functioning as a globally recognized publication, the Injury garnered contributions primarily from the UK.	5
If arts and humanities have a public value, is it worth funding research in these fields?	1
These journals are identified by analysing approximately 15 000 articles contained in the current CVs of 100 top health economists.	2
These papers are not considered in the calculation of the indicators presented in the tables below.	0
We integrated widely-used Porter stemming algorithm (2013) into this job.	3
The Teamwork style many of the ego's co-authors (alters) co-author with one another.	4
In our opinion, these data demonstrate the critical inhomogeneity with the IX.	0
The dataset of grant proposals was created by university administrators and contained key information about the proposal, proposal teams (proposers), and amount of teamwork coaching provided to develop the research proposals between 2009 and 2019, inclusive.	2
For physical proximity, walking distance (minutes) measures the duration of time it would take to walk between the primary offices of faculty i and j in year t, as calculated by Google's distance matrix API.	3
2National Institute for Cancer Research of Genoa, Genoa, and Alleanza Contro il Cancro, Rome;	0
As the next step, we searched SCOPUS to gather the articles of the NSERC funded researchers for the mentioned period.	2
From our target corpus (24,192 publications), Altmetrics recorded 9977 articles and reviews (Table 1).	2
The BIBLIO checklist was registered in the EQUATOR Network on 19 October 2021 [30].	4
Specifically, we estimate the following random effects panel regression model:	3
As indicated by the intercepts, the single best years occur at earlier ages than the other two standard deviation peaks.	0
The majority of NAU and IUJ articles originate from countries belonging to the OECD group.	5
The group of social-science journals is by far the largest grouping.	4
Can an early-career setback lead to future career impact?	1
All authors declare that there are no conflicts of interest regarding the publication of this paper.	0
For this study, the authors analyzed the citations from successful National Institutes of Health (NIH) and National Science Foundation (NSF) grant applications submitted between 2005 and 2013.	1
While male authors are over-represented in micro and macroeconomics, female authors are over-represented in labor and development economics.	4
A total of 116 journals were included and 83.6% belonged to high-income nations.	4
We abstracted all published articles in the above-mentioned journals during the specified time period from the Web of Science (Clarivate Analytics).	2
The bibliometric study was performed using the Pubmed database and Web of Science (WoS).	3
This work was supported by the Deanship of Scientific Research, King Saud University, under Grant RG-1438-027.	0
We apply the subsidy formula to the publications of the researchers from world’s most prestigious universities.	1
In cases where the title was too short or ambiguous to refer to the item in question, we used additional information as keywords (e.g., the first author's last name) to ensure that we retrieved only relevant citations.	0
Acknowledgments We would like to express our grateful thanks to Andrea Scharnhorst for her valuable comments.	0
This paper reports the result of a comparison of two comparable renderings of the UCSD map of science that are: the original network layout and a novel hexmap that uses a landscape metaphor to layout the 554 subdisciplines grouped into 13 color-coded disciplines of science.	1
This study focuses on the National Institutes of Health (NIH) K01, K08, and K23 awards.	1
Bryan Dotson, Kevin P McManus, Jing J Zhao, and Peter Whittaker	0
In comparison, 22 international journals published 52,641 documents during the same period, accumulating a substantial citation count of 1,262,001.	4
The authors have no personal, financial, or institutional interest in any of the drugs, materials, or devices described in this article.	0
Furthermore, coastal flooding research included combinations of multi-disciplinary categories, including 'Geology' and 'Environmental Sciences & Ecology'.	4
Second, coastal provinces and cities occupy a core position in the network, and play an important role in utilizing structural holes and bridging.	4
Our findings demonstrate that research funding yields a significantly positive linear impact in Canada and a positive non-linear impact in the United States on the number of papers and in terms of the number of citations we observe a positive impact only in the US.	4
The countries who stand out for its volume of research were the United States, France, and the United Kingdom.	5
The findings of this study offer important perspectives into the involvement of medical undergraduates in research during medical school, as well as the factors and barriers that interfere with research participation.	5
To computationally identify all individual changes between the preprint and published versions of the abstract and derive a quantitative measure of similarity between the 2, we applied a series of well-established string-based similarity scores, already validated to work for such analyses.	3
Finally, committees could consider including in job descriptions a statement that indicates publication in journals deemed predatory and/or participation on similar editorial boards may be grounds for ineligibility.	5
To test for gender differences across the two journals, data were analysed with hierarchical linear models (HLM).	3
P < .05, nonparametric test for trend for all countries, P = .90, nonparametric test for trend for Japan.	0
Each economist judged five papers in their original version and five different papers that had been language edited.	3
The present study is guided by the following questions: (1) To what extent do scholarly History books that are cited in journal articles receive reader ratings on Goodreads?	1
This research note discusses the constitution, reproduction and generalization of peripheralization into what I call a regime of management of irrelevance in science: a scientific process with its own pragmatic and value content, whose elements will be presented in this work.	1
From the Department of Clinical Studies-Philadelphia, School of Veterinary Medicine, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA.	0
who received 519 citations for 8 publications while Li Y., Schnurer A.	0
Considering that co-authorship in Science and Engineering fields should normally be more frequent and international than the norm (Gl?nzel and Schubert, 2005a), the consistently higher proportion of internationally co-authored articles in DH presents a surprisingly worldwide and diverse collaboration pattern, though we acknowledge that this pattern is one that reflects a primarily Anglo-American geolinguistic lens and context.	5
The Web site includes a comprehensive list of resources for editors.	0
Microsoft Academic finds substantially fewer (59%) citations than Mendeley readers overall, slightly more for the oldest articles (117%) and relatively few (7%) for recently-published articles (the Median row of Table 2) and correlations between the two are universally high (median 0.61).	4
We found that 2,873 of 26,163 OMICS presenters (11.0%) were affiliated with 152 different institutions ranked in the top 100 of one of the three rankings (2,063 in the top 100 of ARWU; 1,983 in the top 100 of THE; and 2,092 in the top 100 of QS).	4
We measure effectiveness using two metrics: (1) accuracy and (2) coverage.	4
It may be interpreted that an excess of HS knowledge in HSS articles jeopardizes their readability.	5
InCites provides the information of publishing, citing, ranking and collaborations of organizations in Web of Science core collection.	2
aIncludes duplicates as some outputs are affiliated with multiple Russell Group universities	0
3 we discuss our hypothesis and clarify key concepts, particularly what we mean by informal interaction between university scientists and	0
We thank Altmetric for allowing the use of their data (www.altmetric.com).	0
We did attempt to obtain the reviews from the original submissions to the nine journals in question.	0
Three bibliometric indicators are proposed for growth, activity profile stability, and focus.	3
We used filters for each of the three NCDs and biomedical research to identify relevant papers in the WoS.	3
In the other round (henceforth, 'Narrative Personas'), we presented narrative text-based personas (e.g.	3
Interdisciplinary journals in this field are characterized by a lower number of citations.	5
In a parallel to the four steps, regarding step 1, the URLs were manually converted to site level, according to human judgement already explained above; step 2, no duplicates were eliminated as it was considered that they correspond to frequency of inlinks related to the external recognition of theses institutions; step 3, was not considered necessary because the link targets were homepages; and step 4 is explored is more details below.	0
The aim of this study was to identify which resources and factors theoretically linked to a higher scientific productivity are truly associated with it in the setting of dermatology clinical research conducted in Spain.	1
These results prove that the application of bibliometric analyses to legal TDs can lead to valuable insights into the use of journals by scholars.	5
National Council of Science and Technology funded the most total articles with 54 items (73.97%), followed by National Autonomous University of Mexico with 12 items (16.44%), Science and Technology Institute of Federal District with 10 items (13.70%), The Social Security Mexican Institute with 7 (9.59%), and National Institute of Health of USA with 7 (9.59%).	4
We extend our sincere gratitude to the reviewers for their insightful comments and constructive feedback, which have significantly enhanced the quality of this manuscript.	0
On the other hand, for each topic the publishing journals were obtained	0
This also suggests EJMSTE needs to go further internationalization.	5
Together, these leading institutions held a disproportionate share of the global production of IB research.	4
This experiment showed crowd-authoring to be technically feasible, although this approach, politically speaking, triggered both healthy and unhealthy conflict among the crowd-authors themselves.	4
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Only 5 websites out of a total of 22 websites of the medical academic Libraries of Iran received 50-75 points out of a total of 100 in final SEO points, and even the SEO points of the top identified websites were less than 74, and none of them had an acceptable score or a score higher than 75.	4
Instead, I find that higher quality applicants benefit more from being evaluated by related reviewers: the impact of proximity on funding likelihood and scores are both increasing in quality.	4
Therefore, editors are far from being illuminati people, and the assumption that they could easily identify a large portion of the most exciting, interesting, cutting-edge science manuscripts (sensu Strong 2007) without the opinion of other scientists in the field is untruthful.	5
Pajek (Batagelj and Mrvar, 2003; deNooy et al., 2011; Minguet et al., 2017) is a widely used SNA program (Chien et al., 2018a,b,c).	3
However, there is widespread concern that the current health care climate is leading to a decline in research activity.	0
On the other hand, the direction change is not associated with productivity change.	4
The 'consumer' criteria calculate the percentage of total citations in a Social Policy journal or book (for a sample of total citations).	3
The background variables looked at are publisher size, geography, language and subject, while licenses and self-archiving policy are technical aspects.	3
% Documents in top 10% for OA and all publications.	3
Five Nobelists were selected from each field, concentrating on recent years (2008–2010).	2
The bibliometric methodology is applied with two approaches: a scientific performance analysis and graphically mapping the field (Cobo et al.	3
What are the primary safety concerns in the aerospace industry, and how can AI technology be used to address them?	1
In conclusion, this study identified the 100 most-cited articles in the field of ASD and provides insight and summaries for use by spine surgeons working in this challenging field.	5
In-person interviews were conducted with faculty at geographically distributed research universities in Arizona, California, Georgia, South Carolina, and Massachusetts.	2
In this article, we examine linguistic diversity, as one representation of cultural diversity, in the eight published assessments of the Intergovernmental Science-Policy Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services (IPBES).	1
As it was mentioned before the bulk of previous literature on citations was concerned with their counting.	0
OBJECTIVES/SPECIFIC AIMS: Expanded Access is an avenue for patients with no available treatment options to access investigational drugs and devices for clinical therapy.	1
Once the dysfunctions of the MMM in the public university system are identified by applying Campbell's and Goodhart's laws, the next study step consists of analyzing the main drivers of the SUS to explain the damage of applying the MMM.	3
Surgeons from the USA were the most productive in total number of publications during both time periods.	5
With the “TS” field tag, topic terms were sought within a record’s title, abstract, author keywords, and Keywords Plus fields in the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection database.	2
This study describes how the VIVO Harvester query design impacts Harvester's ability to populate the VIVO database with the correct citations to investigator publications.	1
The assumed structure was confirmed in all analysed disciplines.	4
Authors and Countries here relate to corresponding authors; institutions are for all authors.	0
The combined model, comprising CiteScore, h-index, FWCI and mentions, outperformed all the single-parameter models.	4
Data comes from the Central Statistical Office of Hungary (http://www.ksh.hu/docs/hun/xstadat/xstadat_eves/i_zoi007a.html).	2
Next, the results section presents the researcher affiliation change, research topic, productivity, and impact after collaboration with top scientists.	0
Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) (Blei et al. 2003) is a state-of-the-art method used for topic modeling.	3
After multivariate analysis, a greater number of manuscript pages (P = .0015) and classification as dentoalveolar/implantology (P = .0017) or trauma/reconstruction (P = .0368) had greater odds of high citations.	4
Because citation behavior varies by field, we field normalize the citations.	3
The publications mostly arise from India, which indicates that the journal remains India-focused.	5
Ordinal scales based on Wikipedia coverage and on libcitation counts are very significantly associated.	4
Many universities take advantage of the additional two types of indicators to increase their rankings, while other universities in certain countries, such as Japan and the UK, find their rankings to drop due to the low scores on environmental or resource indicators.	5
Research productivity was evaluated based on a methodology developed and used in other bibliometric studies by analysing (a) total and trends in Human & Experimental Toxicology contributions in research between 2003 and 2012; (b) Human & Experimental Toxicology authorship patterns and productivity; (c) collaboration patterns; and (d) the citations received by the publications.	3
This model should not be interpreted as a how-to guide for improving a university's rank but as a tool for making data-driven decisions in order to have meaningful conversations about the U.S.	5
Authored (n=221,768) and edited books (n=74,506) were extracted from cited references through an in-depth parsing and cleaning process.	3
To evaluate the impact of regional publications on diabetes, the h-index of the authors and institutions was calculated using the Scopus h-index calculator.	3
To examine where Canadian geographers publish their research, we used data on article publication compiled from the annual Directory of the Canadian Association of Geographers for 1981–82, 1991–92, 2001–02, and 2011–12.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 849 times since 2006*	0
We use these observations to provide constructive suggestions for the future, and urge the need to further gather informed considerations from scientists on the effects of funding policies on science across countries and research fields.	5
To provide an answer to this concern, in this research, the upstream documents of the higher education sector of Iran were held as the basis for defining the measures and criteria of Iranian university ranking (Zare et al.	1
This paper used a large bibliometric dataset to investigate the impact of the different statistical properties of author-selected keywords and the network attributes of their co-occurrence networks on citation counts.	1
The solution to this system we call balanced worth vector, as it is a refinement of the concept of worth introduced in Herrero and Villar (2013).	3
Authors emphasize specific informational values in some cases with citations continuing after the retraction, while methodological and more general levels of claims prevail in others.	4
This study compares the perceptions of experts and the public during the development of major education policies in a country and attempts to analyze, in depth, the causes of the differences.	1
But how do people respond when faced with short-term choices in everyday life?	1
The relationship between library holdings and twelve other metrics including Scopus Citations, Google Books (GB) Citations, Goodreads engagements, and Altmetric indicators were examined for 119,794 Scopus-indexed book titles across 26 fields.	2
R. Jevons and Dr Wallis Taylor for their advice and encouragement, and Mr Ivan Sorah for technical assistance.	0
The search result was further refined by excluding document types such as correction addition, review, book review, biographical item, book chapter, correction, avian cholera, book and reprint, as they do not constitute primary sources of outbreak information and/or are synthesis of primary articles.	2
Africa's research emphasises natural resources and medical fields.	5
Our core claim is that much of the apparent decrease in citation concentration is not the result of changes in the underlying pattern of inequality in citations but instead an artifact of increases in the total number of articles published per field each year as well as growing numbers of total citations sent to those articles from subsequent publications.	1
Date of publication November 9, 2010; date of current version January 20, 2011.	0
These results support the broad purpose of Lowry et al., finding a wider set of high quality and relevant journals than just MISQ and ISR, and find a wider set of relevant, top quality journals.	5
This work supported in part by NSF Grant IIS-0629454 (Learning Units on Law and Ethics in Software Engineering).	0
The publishing homes of scholarly journals in education and social sciences have tended to become more centralized over time.	4
With regard to the use of the library as a resource for obtaining scientific documents, the main barriers or difficulties for its use, as defined by the users, were the lack of knowledge of the services that the library can offer to users (41.2%), followed by the lack of time to go to the library (34.6%) (Table 2), many of the participants stated that they use the library very sporadically.	4
All full text papers in PubMed Central were selected in this research.	2
Four topics (China urbanization or Chinese urbanization or China urbanize or Chinese urbanize) without quotation marks are selected as search terms to ensure the retrieval data could be relatively comprehensive (while some informal or unrelated publications can be manually removed to ensure the accuracy of the retrieved data set).	2
Received November 12, 2012; revised December 4, 2012; accepted December 5, 2012	0
In this case, the two-year citation window of journal impact factor is too short for these high-impact publications to make the greatest contribution to the corresponding journals.	5
Rousseau, for their helpful discussions and English corrections of the paper.	0
I thank Grahame Jackson for carrying out the computer search and Hans Knichala for preparation of the tables.	0
We use data from Scopus, the world's largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature (www.scopus.	2
Addressing RQ2, the countries' co-authorship analysis revealed that most research in the area is conducted by the USA, the UK and Australia and there is little evidence of co-authorship between developed and developing countries.	5
Figures 1a–e present the publication success of the top 20 countries based on five indicators of productivity, impact and collaboration: (a) total number of papers; (b) total number of citations; (c) citations per publication; (d) citedness rate; and (e) proportion of internationally collaborative publications during a 10 years time span (2005–2014).	0
Azoulay, Graff Zivin and Wang (2010) and Waldinger (2010) examine peer effects in science using the unanticipated removal of individuals as a natural experiment.	0
The final cleaned data set covered a 10-year period of six EPCs involving 2751 oral papers and 1445 posters presented in 251 sessions.	2
First, at a descriptive level, we found that the central core of the world system of knowledge production (especially the United States and Western Europe) significantly dominates EBs, which might suggest that their expectations, agendas, and perspectives are crucial to shaping communication theory, research, and teaching.	5
The first cluster included Indonesia and the Philippines because their patterns (Figs.	4
The results suggest that the professional interactions indeed reflect the cross-boundary interactions needed for a transition.	4
Claims that it is possible to predict scientific progress can easily be seen as paradoxical.	0
In this paper, we take this body of literature to its extreme consequences, and ask whether single events of interaction with top scientists can have career-altering effects on a junior researcher's future.	1
Any article accepted/rejected due to proper review by a reviewer will enable him to add 1 point on his RI.	3
This study shows the chemistry research outcome of the countries in the past decade.	5
Prevalence of fabrication was 4.3% (95% CI: 2.9, 5.7) and of falsification 4.2% (95% CI: 2.8, 5.6).	4
To identify the sub-structures in the JSTOR corpus which may induce compositional homophily, we apply a hierarchical implementation of the InfoMap network clustering algorithm to the citation network on the corpus [25, 32].	3
News was measured to evaluate the importance of different decisions.	3
Methodologically, we have combined a bibliometric approach analyzing international journal data with a quantitative content analysis of abstracts of articles on the basis of a coding of countries.	3
20 research managers were invited to participate in the study through an e-mail invitation explaining the purpose of the study, its main topics, and the expected duration of the interview.	2
We identified large gaps in publication productivity among the Central Asian countries.	5
Qualitative content analysis methodologies were used to analyze the topic of each research article.	3
Go to https://doi.org/10.1257/jel.20191574 to visit the article page and view author disclosure statement(s).	0
For helpful comments on the manuscript I would like to thank Jochen Gl?ser and an unknown reviewer.	0
THE POPE: The very most that may be done is to show him the instruments.	0
The findings provide first-time size estimates of ProQuest and EbscoHost and indicate that Google Scholar's size might have been underestimated so far by more than 50%.	4
The overall comparative results show that the locus of scientific work has shifted out of national borders in MENA countries, and raises important questions for domestic scientific research capacity.	5
Five clusters can be identified in this discipline (Figure 4).	4
Another recent study of 229 meta-analyses found that 22% had included data from the retracted publication in their pooled summaries.	4
Dimensions is a new scholarly search database that focuses on the broader set of use cases that academics now face.	1
All types of articles were searched in the PubMed and Embase databases.	2
Including the next two years for monitoring the effect of the last indexing, we analyzed 9 volumes consisting of 36 issues that were published from January 2006 to December 2014, with regard to the number and category of articles, the contribution of authors from Balkan and non-Balkan countries, and the (co)authorship in the published articles.	2
values were simulated as draws from the unit uniform distribution.	2
This investigation provides a state-of-the-art discussion of intellectual knowledge connections in hospitality research by adopting an advanced intellectual structure analysis.	5
The Journal of Travel & Tourism Marketing and Tourism Management are the journals that cite more frequently the papers of JTTM.	4
Based on two percentile rank classes, the 10% most impacted publications (n=444) were selected, which have the highest score on the ministerial list and the highest Impact Factor as potentially highly cited.	4
The fourth clustering theme is topic modeling, and the main keywords include topic modeling, latent Dirichlet allocation, big data, text analytics, online reviews, etc.	4
School of Management, Graduate University, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing, People's Republic of China	0
Most of the articles are published in journals from United States, United Kingdom, Netherlands and Germany.	4
A coleta foi realizada utilizando a estratégia de busca para os dois países: (CU= (nome do país) AND (SU=Information Science)).	3
To find the complexity of the proposed algorithm, the complexity of each algorithm is individually evaluated.	0
To further characterize author impact ranking mobility, we develop a simple model akin to a random walk aimed at capturing the aforementioned observed tendency of most authors to remain in the same decile or move to an adjacent one.	3
Note: This table was constructed by means of three computer packages: NodeXL version 1.01.229, UCINET 6.308, and the R project for statistical computing.	0
The main tool for network specialists is network analysis, which is a set of methods used to visualize networks, describe certain characteristics of the network structure as a whole, as well as obtain detailed information about individual nodes, links and subgroups within the network, create mathematical and statistical models of network structures and network dynamics[1].	3
H[xifα]), (1) where H[n] is a step function such that H[n] = 1 for n ≥ 0.	3
Results will be published in peer-reviewed journals and presented in a user-friendly format to relevant policymakers and funders.	5
This article addresses this gap by studying the content of the reviewer guidelines (RG) of 46 journals in the field of management, as editors may use guidelines to nudge reviewers considering all relevant criteria, properly, and consistently with the needs of the journal.	1
The data gathered revealed that the journal with the highest number of publications is Computer, and the most prolific author is Tomoya Enokido, with 45 publications.	4
Data were obtained from Scopus database in April 2019.	2
Simulated rank for top 100 institutions according to overall ranks in India Rankings.	0
Web server log data are a more direct measure of the use of the site but user identities are mostly unknown there.	0
The objective of the present study is to assess visualization landscape of research and development activities centering on terahertz technology.	1
The major contributing countries were the China (522, 28.23%), United States (485, 26.23%), and Germany (119, 6.44%).	4
However, there is only evidence of an enduring productivity effect if scientists maintain their acknowledgement of ties to the star over time.	4
Articles published from 2010 to 2015 were reviewed.	2
Our current research in which we analyzed the career paths of those GS authors in communication studies who successfully published their research in leading periodicals of the field shows that in most cases, GS authors can be prosperous only if they collect GN capital.	5
All reviewers' hierarchies of alternatives are collected and combined such that an overall ranking can be computed.	3
In both groups (funded and not funded applicants), the share of applicants with five or fewer international WoS-listed publications is small (≤4%), whereas the mode of both distributions is at ~15 publications.	4
Our analysis identified 7.8% (n = 206) of the 2,692 Chinese university names in English as potentially affected Chinese university names.	4
Physical distance was not a determinant of the network's structure.	4
From 2006 to 2015, there have been 2,203 highly cited Chinese journal papers in the field of “agricultural economics” from CNKI.	4
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs License, which permits use and distribution in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, the use is non-commercial and no modifications or adaptations are made.	0
We included 29 top impact factor “radiology” journals in our analysis.	2
The size of the spheres indicates the number of articles in the journals.	0
The authors examined what they called the 'nearby panellist effect' - the influence of a panellist from an applicant's 'home organization', the university or research institution where they are currently based, or the 'host organization' where they plan to carry out the research.	3
(2017) argue that "the full impact cannot be expected before around 1998".	4
Any commercial use is not permitted and is subject to Publisher's permissions.	0
Furthermore, 2018 was the most productive year, as it concentrates a quarter of the total number of articles (Figure 2), demonstrating the exponential growth that this approach has been experiencing, as established by Price’s Law [70].	4
In this manuscript, we present a bibliometric study that targets a total of 27 scientific fields, aiming to characterize what is the prevalence of an alphabetic ordering of co-authors in scholarly articles.	1
After deduplication, we obtained 277,149 citations and 8595 assignments (up to March 1, 2021).	2
Informed by a sociological perspective, this article intervenes in this context by reframing research impact as the attainment and maintenance of capital (i.e.	1
Further analysis indicated that these articles were cited in 141 non-predatory nursing journals of various types.	4
As a reviewer pointed out, this study does not measure why academics seek to join editorial boards.	0
There has been a dramatic increase in the number and percentage of publications in biomedical and clinical journals in which two or more coauthors claim first authorship, with a change in some journals from no joint first authorship in 1990 to co-first authorship of >30% of all research publications in 2012.	4
This paper sets out to analyze the structure and the underlying trend of the journal by making use of bibliometric methods.	1
This result contrasts sharply with the research by Dubay (2004) and Sherman (1893), which indicated that authors were using increasingly smaller number of words per sentence in literature over several centuries.	5
The background for this article is a study initiated by the Danish Research Council1 in 2002.	2
However, in contrary to the NIRF method, we propose that instead of considering the total publications the computations should be based on the publication rate (number of publications per teacher) to control the faculty size bias.	3
Quantitatively, we apply exploratory data analysis techniques to smooth the time series of outputs in order to make the long-term behavior more apparent and to minimize yearly fluctuations (Tukey 1977).	3
To understand the social processes that drive these stages beyond case studies, we need a way to quantify and compare different fields on the same terms.	1
The publication “Oxidative Stress and Diabetic Complications" was cited 2370 times.	4
In the end, our results lend credence to Planck's infamous quip that provides the title for this manuscript.	5
We call on research funding organisations to experiment with different models for integrating partial randomisation into their grant allocation processes as well as to assess the feasibility, the potential implications, and the perceptions of such models.	1
Only 18% of the total number of EB members had affiliations related to radiology (n=286/1566).	4
The average detection delay can be regarded as a general representation of the early detection capability of FV gradient.	4
The aim of the present paper is to analyze the citation behavior of Nobel Prize winning articles in physics published by selected Chinese Americans using a unified Avrami–Weibull equation based on concepts of formation and growth of citation nuclei similar to the concepts of overall crystallization of solid phase from a closed liquid system of fixed volume.	1
For details of the countries included in the selected four regions, refer to Table 1.	0
This is a supervised machine learning classification problem and we trained the model using a Support Vector Machine (SVM).	3
Of these references, 2,046 were for serials (69.5%), 449 were for websites (15%), and 279 were for monographs (9.5%).	4
Most critically, these results suggest that for the academic career a number of job changes are positive, but at a point in the academic career, job stability is desirable to allow the academics to potentiate stable research agendas.	5
A promising approach towards improving the current system is the idea of “contributorship”.	5
Of these, the number of citation is from the WOS core collection, which collects the citation information of annually published papers of PLoS Biology.	2
In the first 4 years after the papers were published, the interdisciplinarity shows a significant negative effect on citations.	4
We defined academic success using four metrics: (1) overall production volume, defined by the total number of articles published by a given institution; (2) research diversity, defined by the total number of different journals published by a given center; (3) high-quality and impactful research, defined by the summative 5-year impact factor of all articles published by a center; and (4) contribution to basic science, defined by the number of basic science publications.	3
= ln(1 + c)/ln(1 + c) where the average in the denominator is taken over all articles in the subject and year containing the article.	3
H1 Applicant productivity is not a predictor of proposal success.	4
AIM: To explore the trends in the ophthalmic literature over a 5-year period in relation to country, research expenditure and demographics.	1
The present study compared research productivity of Library and Information Science (LIS) faculties working in 61 government universities of India and 55 American Library Association-accredited LIS programs in the United States.	1
In the next section, we review prior studies attempting to compare and evaluate different ranking criteria, and present a critical	0
The SJR curve shows that since 2006 (where a steep decline is highlighted by both metrics) the journal's influence in the academic community increased and, despite a slight downturn during 2010 and 2011, reached a highest value during 2012.	4
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=wmrs20	0
Three cluster validity indices are used to evaluate the clustering outcomes, namely, Calinski-Harabasz Index (CHI), Davies Bouldin Index (DBI), and Silhouette Coefficient (SC).	3
and (2) is this variation similar in the three general fields of science, that are health, NSE, and social sciences (SS)?	1
In China, research on RecSys is relatively mature and well-developed.	5
Noun-phrases extraction was applied both on abstracts and full text of each paper using the Stanford Core NLP package (Manning et al.	3
The study also identified key actors and compared their research activities in reference to the topic (QMRA in water quality assessment) using evidence-based publications.	1
All three seed articles experienced increasing citations overall from the initial period after publication.	4
Based on the respondents who admitted having observed research misconduct of fellow scientists, 72 (30.4 %) observed plagiarism, 69 (29.1 %) observed data falsification, 46 (19.4 %) observed data fabrication, and 132 (55.7 %) respondents admitted having observed violation of authorship rules.	4
Figure 11 shows that, in total, the average independence declined by 17% when comparing 2007 and 2016.	4
Record types “article” and “review" from four different scientific domains, namely social sciences, economics, oceanography and computer science, published from 2014 to 2019 in a scientific journal in English were considered.	1
Thus, pentraxin 3 might be an effective therapy against sepsis in humans.	5
It thus proves tempting to assess the national contribution to world science of any discipline, but by reason of academic interest we choose to concentrate on the contribution and accomplishments of ecologists based in Chile toward this endeavor.	1
'Immunology and Microbiology' is Ireland's highest ranking area at 23; followed by 'Nursing' at 24; 'Multidisciplinary', 'Neuroscience', 'Psychology', and 'Veterinary' at 25.	4
Particularly important predictors were the number of pages, month of publication, publication type (review vs.	4
At the same time, the percentage of HCPs contributed by Chinese researchers out of all global HCPs grows from 5.7% in 2008 to 20.7% in 2017.	4
Statistical analyses were done using program R (version 3.3.2 (2016-10-31) -- "Sincere Pumpkin Patch"; Copyright (C) 2016; The R Foundation for Statistical Computing</ORGANIZATION>; Platform: x86_64-w64-mingw32/x64 (64-bit); downloaded: January 21, 2017).	3
A high sensitivity search strategy for cancer publications between 2000 and 2018 using the Scopus database was implemented.	2
Are there gendered differences in knowledge integration between different areas behind ADS?	1
Commercial presses have come to dominate publishing over this period with their share rising from 38 percent to 63 percent of the journals used by Canadian geographers.	4
The three reviewers then compared the first citation to each selected reference to the actual reference being cited.	3
For our baseline estimation, we aggregate citations received in the year of publication to 2016, that is, we regard citations as cumulative over time and estimate a cross section as the resistance variables summarised in Dij are time-invariant.	3
The challenges found in the collaborations are related to needs such as improving transparency, ethical concerns, and imbalances in reciprocity.	4
Qualitative coding of the evaluators' justifications for score changes reveals that exposures to lower scores were associated with greater attention to uncovering weaknesses, whereas exposures to neutral or higher scores were associated with increased emphasis on nonevaluation criteria, such as confidence in one's judgment.	4
An overwhelming majority (78%) of the respondents regard depth as more important than width, with the remaining roughly splitting between equal and less important.	4
Citation: Stvilia B, Wu S, Lee DJ (2018) Researchers' participation in and motivations for engaging with research information management systems.	0
In particular, we examine cohort differences in collaboration patterns across disciplines and cohort differences in negative collaboration experiences across disciplines.	1
The interviews lasted on average around an hour, were recorded, fully transcribed and analysed.	3
The changes in the education and training of APM&R authors over the last 100 years reflect the developments in the journal and its owner, ACRM: a gradual decline in the number of physician authors who were replaced by nonphysician doctoral degree holders and master's level prepared staff (see table 3).	5
I obtain my core estimates of this treatment's effect using a difference-in-differences (DiD) design.	3
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:122143 []	0
This study documents a secular rise of the identification technology in corporate finance research as of the mid-1990s.	5
A quasi-Poisson model was fitted for number of publications per year, including main effects for year, journal, and subspecialty and all 2-way interactions.	3
As we noted in our original paper, Schneider has previously expressed strong opposition to the position we have presented (Bornmann & Leydesdorff, 2013; Schneider, 2012).	4
There were almost no citations recorded in Scopus in February 2016 to articles that it had indexed from 2016 (Table 1: Cites 2016 column).	4
We then estimated a LMEM (model 2, Table 1) in which we predicted the preliminary ratings as a function of three fixed-effect variables: the number of weaknesses listed by each reviewer for each of the applications, the application cluster means, and the reviewer cluster means.	3
In how many different scientific subject matter areas does PLOS ONE consistently publish quality research?	1
We build a database that matches each week's NTW ranking of papers with information on paper abstract views (hereafter referred to as “hits”), PDF downloads and forward citations.	2
Evidence from these 105,103 bibliographic records showed that the annual Czech Republic articles have an increasing trend from the early of 1990s to 2012.	5
To investigate the above relationships, this paper analyzes the publications listed in the Web of Science and produced by active Spanish university professors between 2000 and 2009, working in the computer science field.	2
The methods can be generalized to any problem of journal classification.	1
The following criteria were applied in the case study selection: (1) the institutions' background represents a diverse group of approaches toward interdisciplinary knowledge production; (2) these institutions pursue ID research, teaching and outreach per se and do not develop a single topic; and (3) the geographical location where these universities are located.	2
We assessed preprints from bioRxiv and medRxiv that had been posted and subsequently published in a journal through April 30, 2020, representing the initial phase of the pandemic response.	1
In this study, we have used co-citation analysis on articles and journals to extract the themes latent in the corpus.	3
In order to do so, data from 930 journals and 63,847 documents were collected from the Web of Science Core Collection.	2
The number of citations of the 100 most cited articles ranged from 56 to 225 (mean, 95.52).	4
To address these knowledge gaps, we carried out surveys of (i) the experience of a number of journals with bilingual publishing, and (ii) authors’ and translators’ experience of the process at Deutsches ?rzteblatt International.	1
However, website evaluation methods, using webometrics tools, require a multidimensional approach and should never be confined to link analysis only.	5
The overall results indicate that the greatest share of researchers are static in the country of origin, Greece (74.6%).	5
We propose a functional Poisson regression model for individual papers' citation trajectories, and fit the model to the observed 30-year citations of individual papers by functional principal component analysis and maximum likelihood estimation.	3
The average cooperation degree and cooperation rate from 2001 to 2013 are 2.98 and 93.23%, respectively, which means that among papers published by Mainland scholars in China, each paper has 2.98 authors on average and 93.23% of the published papers have at least 2 authors.	4
Two central questions guided the research: (1) What are the perceptions of administrators and academic staff of the nature and benefits of interdisciplinary research?	1
The Bibliometrix Biblioshiny R-package software (https:// bibliometrix.org/Biblioshiny.html) was used to analyze and graphically map the relevant bibliometric data.	3
* Requests for reprints: Department of Urologic Surgery, Vanderbilt University Medical Center, A-1302 Medical Center North, Nashville, Tennessee 38232-8990.	0
We obtained our second data set by conducting an advanced literature search inside Scopus database with the following search query string: (ISSN (14764687 ) OR ISSN (00280836) OR ISSN (00368075) OR ISSN (10916490) OR ISSN (00278424) OR ISSN (00935301) OR ISSN (15375277) OR ISSN (09696989) OR ISSN (15327663) OR ISSN (10577408) OR ISSN (00335533) OR ISSN (15314650) OR ISSN (00129682) OR ISSN (14680262) OR ISSN (00223808) OR ISSN (1537534x) OR ISSN (14710048) OR ISSN (1471003x) OR ISSN (10976256) OR ISSN (08966273)) AND (LIMIT-TO (PUBYEAR, 2016) OR LIMIT-TO (PUBYEAR, 2015)).	2
One focus is set on a comparison of publication-based rankings with citation-based rankings.	1
It is not clear whether the sudden availability of additional funding enabled research of similar or lesser citation impact than already funded work.	1
Inlinks, title and URL mentions from 76 Spanish universities were manually extracted from the main search engines (Google, Google Scholar, Yahoo!, Bing and Exalead).	2
Academic Tracker is a useful tool for querying major scientific publication web portals for publications, given a list of authors or references and for creating highly customizable reports from the list of publications found.	5
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Over the past five years, topic models have been applied to bibliometrics research as an efficient tool for discovering latent and potentially useful content.	3
Subsequent NIH funding was determined from a manual search of the NIH REPORTER database using the researcher's full name.	3
The distribution of residuals ε for each discipline revealed substantial difference in general form and central tendency (Fig 2), but after scaling, the distributions of ε' became aligned among disciplines and were approximately Gaussian (Shapiro-Wilk normality tests; see Fig 2 for test values).	4
MENA countries in this evaluation vary greatly in the extent of their collaboration with other countries in the region and that of international partners, particularly the US and UK.	5
This research dominance, according to Ajala, will be even greater when many publishing companies start to develop their web sites, and when more African researchers have more access to scholarly literature through information technology by linking to the Internet to augment resources in African libraries.	0
Both documents and interviews were coded using a quantitative data analysis software package, based on a list of subjects drafted by induction.	3
PI network consists of 3359 vertices and 3849 arcs.	2
Relationships between 2 continuous variables were assessed by using linear regression analysis including the R-squared and F-test for overall significance.	3
Based on knowledge what is a semantic linkage data and how it is stored in a research information system we propose an abstract computing model of a new data source.	3
Here, by examining countries' scientific ‘exports'—publications that are indexed in international databases—we reveal a three-cluster structure in the relatedness network of disciplines that underpin national scientific development and the organization of global science.	1
All in all the negotiation power of the START grantee towards his/her host institution has	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
According to the results shown in Table 3, we found that ARWU-GRAS scores and PageRank results have a significant correlation.	4
A bibliometric ranking ≈ satisfies conditions C11, C12, C13, C14, and C15, iff, for all a, b ∈ A, abfn(a)≥fn(b).	4
RQ4: Do there exists differences in citation impact of female and male authored papers?	1
The proposed hybrid method involves the Hadamard product of co-citation and semantic similarity matrices.	3
The data presented in this paper show that the line between authors and acknowledgees is not clear cut; that there is some level of arbitrariness in the choice between assigning a task authorship or subauthorship status.	5
Academic documents were retrieved from two bibliographic databases: SCOPUS and SciELO, from 1990 to 2020.	2
The third limitation concerns the delineation of the knowledge cores associated with formal methods.	5
The IF is calculated as the number of citations occurring in a given year to the journal's articles during the previous 2 years divided by the number of citable articles in the journal during the same preceding 2-year period (5).	3
An extremely simplified example may serve to help understand these results better.	0
Reports on the number of downloads from each article are supplied by the publishers, who prepare this data according to guidelines set by COUNTER (Counting Online Usage of Networked Electronic Resources), a nonprofit organization established by libraries, data vendors, and publishers.	2
In contrast, the weak correlations between Mendeley readership and citation counts in the subject categories of Building and Construction Engineering and Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering, coupled with low proportions of papers with at least one reader, suggest that conference papers in these types of engineering do not support a similar claim.	5
The purpose of this study was to measure and describe over time the combined h-index of a large university medical imaging department.	1
Publisher name is listed where multiple journals were identified from the same publisher with the same ‘salami publication’ policies.	0
This study uses the Web of Science Core Collection as the primary data source.	2
Minimum number of citations and FFa scores needed for inclusion in five percentile categories.	0
This paper adds to the limited research by strengthening the argument that potentially disadvantaged faculty with certain individual (academic age) and work-related characteristics (institutional sector) may benefit differentially from their co-authorship network centrality.	5
The author would like to thank Arie Rip and Gunnar Sivertsen for valuable comments on an earlier draft of this paper.	0
Current evaluative structures often dismiss the achievement of societal impact favouring instead narrower definitions of research excellence.	5
Using these tools, our analysis has confirmed the USA to be the forerunner in producing research publications.	5
Four multidisciplinary journals (PLoS One, Medicine [Baltimore], J.	2
The result of the query was then ordered by the Web of Science estimates of their citation-counts, and the 87,820 records which had been cited more then three times were kept.	2
Exponential random graph models (ERGMs) were conducted for 2007 grants and publications, 2010 grants, and 2011 publications.	3
We tease out these two strands to present a series of stylised claims which could be empirically tested to resolve this issue of humanities research's value in particular national cultural contexts.	3
The influence of NSSFC-recommended topics on paper topics is declining year by year.	4
We aimed to build on previous work on qualitative citation analysis in order to explore the development of biomedical research over numerous generations of citations, and eventually to identify indirect societal impacts.	1
But, when we control for several other variables (see Table 5), the regression coefficient for gender goes down to about one third of the original value (-0.148).	4
We utilized Dimensions, a searchable digital research infrastructure that aggregates data from over 97 million publications, to identify articles indexed on PubMed with ≥5 citations published in 2017 among 4 major cardiovascular journals (Circulation, European Heart Journal, Journal of the American College of Cardiology, and JAMA Cardiology).	2
A general problem of using authorship positions as a means of estimating relative contributions is that, regardless of what system for valuing authorship positions is used, it will be misleading and unfair in most applications because relative contributions vary in ways that are not captured by fixed value assignments to authorship positions.	5
To this end, we calculate bibliometric indicators of interdisciplinarity and apply a co-occurrence analysis method.	3
This quali-quantitative study analysed the features of the 100 most-cited papers in core dental public health (DPH) journals.	5
We then analyzed temporal trends in scientific production using linear regression (number vs.	3
The CSV files were opened in Python and manipulated through Pandas (McKinney 2010), Numpy (Stéfan van der Walt et al.	3
In this study, we have examined whether the extent to which a body of scientific research contains emerging technological ideas positively associates with its future scientific impact by examining the association between the emergence score at publication level and its citation.	5
We argue that empirical analysis is necessary to disentangle which ones are true to assess whether policy-making is being based on rational and evidence-based claims.	5
Both for the WoS categories (see Table 3) and for the OECD categories (see Table 4), a drastic but not complete reduction of the mean differences was observed, if the ten (WoS) or five propensity score variables (OECD) were included in the regression analyses (grey background).	4
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
We approach the problem of "predatory" journals and publishers from the perspective of small scientific communities and small journals that may sometimes be perceived as "predatory".	1
Interestingly, some positive countertrends were observed suggesting that success can be enhanced through the effective use of the specific R01 mechanism that supports team science.	5
We investigated 10 volumes of JBUON, consisting of 42 issues, with regard to the number and category of articles, the contribution of authors from Balkan and non-Balkan countries, and the (co)authorship in published articles.	2
Trend analysis in research subjects assists researchers in planning their research direction and predicting research trends.	0
A potential limitation of this study is that it analyses scientific convergence using publication data; that is, it is focused on a quantity perspective without taking into account the quality or impact of scientific papers.	5
This study can help to understand new research trends in the area of animal genetic resources and climate change and can assist in the development of future actions within the research community.	5
By developing custom retrieval strategies and checking manually, this study finds that the “year published” field in search page searches in both online and final publication date fields of indexed records.	1
Genetic algorithms, scheduling and simulation are the most common keywords used in the journal.	4
In general, we found that Italian sociology is a collection of isolated islands.	5
In the present study, bibliometric tools and density-equalizing procedures were used to evaluate quantitative and qualitative aspects of the scientific output in the field of “silicosis”.	5
The author thanks the VolkswagenStiftung for the opportunity to analyze the research proposals and the reviewers and editor for their helpful comments on this paper.	0
Our intent here is not to find some quantitative means of rating different countries’ research output or to flag individuals or nationalities for unethical behavior—it is only to give a flavor for the demographics of the authors involved.	0
The key is to find a balance (Hambrick, Cho & Chen, 1996).	5
One striking pattern in Table 1 is that these public policy journals did not often reference other public policy journals.	4
We hope that running Alexandria3k as an open source project will allow it to grow organically serving ever more needs of research synthesis and analysis studies.	0
Because multi-indicator rankings that conflate heterogeneous functions into one number are invalid, it would be better if Times Higher and QS (and also US News and World Report, which pioneered the approach) stopped producing single league tables.	5
The results of the PCA and FA show that altmetrics operate along different dimensions, whereas Mendeley counts are related to citation counts, and tweets form a separate dimension.	4
First, we estimate three basic models which only include either the short-run citation count, JIF, or the LP score, respectively as a predictor.	3
However, brokered research collaboration may not require such strong personal relationships among collaborative parties because of the function of bureaucracy [25].	5
bProfessor, 805 TRU Way, Department of Economics, Thompson Rivers University, Kamloops, British Columbia, V2C 0C8, Canada	0
In information and physical sciences, the weight of X7 is the largest, and that of X6 is the second largest one.	4
It was found that Grischkowsky's (Grischkowsky, Keiding, Van Exter & Fattinger 1990) paper takes the first place with the most citations of 557 times, suggesting that it is the most influential paper in the emerging field.	4
This paper shall investigate the comparison for h and hmen values for 29 information scientists in order to find out about the reliability of the hmen index as an indicator to assess scholarly impact through data provided by the altmetric data source Mendeley.	1
There is a need for articles with politically informed dissident voices, challenging the established parameters of academic activity and the dominant academic narratives and ideologies.	5
Where 'mydata' is the meta-analysis data table (provided as Excel spreadsheets in the Supplementary Material), 'yi' and 'vi' are the effect sizes and variances for each study within in the meta-analysis table.	0
We followed the guidelines by Cohen (1988) on the strength of association.	0
[b] Ehlers is referring to the pivotal post-World War II science policy document written by Vannevar Bush, Science, the endless frontier: A report to the President (1945).	0
There seems to be some discrepancies between perceptions of capabilities and issues affecting the ability to implement IRs in quantitative data (Table 1 and Fig.	4
We find no industrial sectors that have significantly higher grants from H2020 participation than the reference sector, even at the 10 per cent level.	4
Data analysis reveals that the majority of retracted papers are multi-authored and that repeat offenders are collaboration prone.	4
The section will perform by the following steps to verify the reliability of Lotka's Law:	0
To recognize teams and reveal collaboration patterns, we use the scholarly dataset Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) provided by Microsoft Academic Service (Sinha et al., 2015), which contains various information about scholars and their scientific outcomes.	2
Our focus is on how research and policy institutions mobilise affective strategies to transform research and generate a scientific movement around a conceptual innovation.	1
To overcome this limitation, the Science Metrix journal classification ontology was used.	3
Data for our analysis were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection (Thomson Reuters) and the respective Citation Indexes (SCI-expanded, SSCI, and A&HCI).	2
These 2 types of written evidence of disputes are compared by analyzing their occurrence in relation to articles that have already been retracted or corrected.	1
Department of Library and Information Science, Shahid Chamran University, Ahwaz, Iran.	0
Against this background, this paper aims to assess whether the sport community could benefit from the application to sport science journals of a recent AI-driven open-source tool, the Academic Journal Predatory Checking (AJPC) System, that claims to differentiate scholarly (“normal”) journals (NJs) from unscholarly (“suspected predatory") journals (SPJs).	1
Artificial neural network analyses were carried out by SPSS 23 (IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 23.0.	3
We first searched WoS (limited to SCIE, SSCI and A&HCI) for all papers containing our search terms in the Address field.	2
A shorter period was chosen for disciplinary comparisons than for institutional comparisons as disciplinary changes may be faster than institutional ones.	0
When the establishment of the relationship was dubious, that record was classified as undetermined, and eliminated from certain analyses.	0
Then we used data from two websites to retrieve two kinds of critiques and enrich the corpus at article level:	3
Bibliometric measures included the Hirsch index (h-index, the number of publications h which are cited ≥ h times), total number of publications, and total number of citations.	3
As part of our investigation into predatory publishing practices in Pakistani academia, we attempted to answer the following questions: (1) What is the prevalence of predatory publishing among social science researchers in Pakistan?	1
Keywords: computer mediated communication; information science; knowledge management; ethnography; case studies	0
The UJ consists of all the journals indexed by the ISI's JCR while the CJ is composed of 47 business journals that are evaluated by the Financial Times, Bloomberg and UTD.	2
Conceptually, we draw on the theory of affordances, which posits that policy instruments are most likely to afford what they intend (e.g.	3
Such outcomes monitoring needs to be more widely pursued within Australasian medical colleges.	5
We show that the position of universities from a country in the ranking is determined by the following country-specific variables: economic potential of the country, research and development expenditure, long-term political stability (freedom from war, occupation, coups and major changes in the political system), and institutional variables, including government effectiveness.	4
Author gender and geographical region do not influence article placement order in serial rheumatology journals.	5
To our knowledge, the association between OA publication and research impact has not been thoroughly studied in total knee arthroplasty (TKA), one of the most commonly performed and researched orthopaedic procedures in the world [10].	1
As judged from different periods and the network characteristics of different technological systems, the standards system in China's communications industry has always been led by governmental agencies.	4
The data used in this study were based on the ISI Web of Science, which is one of the world largest databases of peer-reviewed literature.	2
Instead of focusing on economic and health outcomes we focus here on the evolution of social and cultural capital within the genomics revolution.	1
The graphs can be used in research evaluation to visualize the performance of single researchers comprehensively.	1
Unsurprisingly, using the range of ranks as the dependent variable gives very similar regression results.	0
In this study, we proposed a unified approach of coauthorship prediction including data model, data transformation, data representation, and machine learning model building.	5
“Author pay model” in the OA world sometimes referred to as “sole alternative to commercial publishing models” has not liberated the author community in any real sense.	5
Overall this work target researchers and practitioners of applied sciences that are inclined to identify new cutting edge algorithms and solutions to their problems.	5
The journal with the most Irish articles was the Journal of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgery with 56 papers.	4
The current contribution gives information of the chemists in Chile with H-index higher or equal 20 with respect to the self- citation (T) according to the recent publication.	1
The first factor (visibility axis) which determines the differences among Russian PI is their informational significance in the international field of physics.	5
WoS articles with Spain in the address field were selected and retrieved (years 2008–2013); and only English written papers were considered (263,100), since only those include funding acknowledgements (FA) in these databases.	2
It is easy to see that the results obtained with "Affiliation search" differ from the results obtained using "Document search" by 37%—a substantial difference.	4
We defined the quality of a peer-review report as ‘the extent to which a peer-review report helps editors make a fair decision and authors improve the quality of the submitted manuscript'.	1
Downloaded by University of Sussex Library At 01:26 16 May 2016 (PT)	0
In the 2012 survey, over three-quarters (76%) of the scholarly readings were obtained through electronic means and just over half (51%) of readings were read on a screen rather than from a print source or being printed out.	4
This paper is dedicated to the African scientists who tragically lost their lives during the 2014 Ebola outbreak.	0
The Council on East Asian Libraries (CEAL) statistical data showed that, from FY2015 to FY2019, the percentage of CJK budgets spent on electronic resources remained steady every year; CJK budgets were still primarily spent on non-electronic resources.	2
Evidently, international collaborative publications have a high propensity to belong to the top 10% highly-cited publications in educational research.	4
Among the variables analyzed, age, years of teaching, and disciplinary field were found as relevant factors especially for LinkedIn and ResearchGate-Academia.edu, while gender and academic title showed limited impact on scholars' motivations for all social media sites considered in the study.	5
The Chinese and US LIS researchers have respectively published 180 and 540 papers that are only indexed in Scopus during the same period.	4
Out of 194 nation countries, 162 (82.50%) have contributed to LIS research during the period.	4
Altmetrics face the urgent challenge of being able to distinguish quality from non-quality data sources.	5
publish the most number of evaluative original research medical education articles), namely Academic Medicine, Medical Education, Medical Teacher, Teaching & Learning in Medicine and Journal of Continuing Education in the Health Professions [32]; consequently, the editorial board members of these journals were included in the present study.	2
Which U.S. academic libraries produce the most publications, and what are the characteristics of those libraries, including tenure status and staffing?	1
To account for the possibility that attention is allocated to more relevant or topical issues, and an author's country influences whether they are more likely to engage in more popular topics, we measure similarity between the topics addressed in preprints using a latent semantic analysis procedure which generates a similarity measure of the words used in the title of the preprint.	3
It also shows that the success-index should not be viewed as one impact measure but as infinite impact measures capable of comprising many well-known impact measures.	5
Retrospective observational studies remained the most frequently published article design, as observed over 2003-2012 (n=411, 42.1%).	4
A total of 2592 publications were published between 1988 and 2022, with total citations of 22,115.	2
By comparison, Australia published at about 42 per cent, whilst Japan published at only 8 per cent, of the per capita rate of the USA.	4
The Philippine research landscape is dominated by articles of neurologists belonging to institutions in the NCR, which has the greatest number of neurologists, training institutions, and highest GDP.	5
Our evidence shows that not all types of personal resources can be positive drivers for researchers to share knowledge across borders.	5
We then explored the variations between 3353 first-movers and 4650 late-comers of the Young Scientists Fund sponsored by the National Natural Science Foundation of China.	1
Clustering of co-citing publications and text data (based on titles and abstracts) results in different well-defined clusters which show related research topics and average period of research.	4
Due to the higher inter-rater reliability and the relatively simpler user interface, we recommend the use of Scopus by health information specialists for the calculation of the h-index.	5
Thus, the main Scopus/Microsoft Academic differences are between (broad or narrow) fields or journals rather than between disciplinary groups.	4
To illustrate the difference between traditional citation analysis (times-cited) and reference analysis (cited reference counts) we would like to use a dynamically growing area in which currently very intensive research is being undertaken: research associated with graphene, an allotrope of carbon (Geim & Kim, 2008; Geim & Novoselov, 2007).	3
In this study, we compare the topological consistency of citation networks extracted from six popular bibliographic databases (see Methods).	1
Schematic overview of the formal communication by means of journal articles.	0
All research documents related to the 1996-2013 period having an affiliation with Gulf Cooperation Council countries, including Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Qatar, Bahrain and Oman, were tracked.	2
For this, we calculated the percentage of relative collaboration determined by scientific disciplines between Mexico and its strategic countries.	3
This raises a question about the research connection between international co-authorship and INOs.	0
We found that the Schubert–Gl?nzel's model correlates with the million empirical φ values (r2 = 0.8695).	4
The effects of remote collaboration are to some extent predictable but there are results that point toward realignment in some of the ways research collaboration is established and maintained.	5
The serials crisis is neither a business model problem nor an ownership problem; it is a funding problem that, in the absence of new funding, could be addressed by looking at the scholcom process.	5
Specifically, we aim to address two pivotal research questions: First, how does the proportion of women scientists within a team influence the impact of that team's research outputs in the business area?	1
For the sample selection, we used the records of 29,197 YSF applicants between 2006 and 2008 from five scientific departments-Physical Sciences, Chemical Sciences, Life Sciences, Earth Sciences, Engineering and Materials Sciences as the raw dataset.	2
Herein, we describe the effects of a combined system of in-house and external editing services for handling large volumes of editing requests and providing personalized editing service in academic hospitals.	1
The list of Polish journals that are considered for points has been severely limited to 500 for all disciplines.	4
Programs accredited after 2000 had a lower lifetime h-index than those accredited before 2000 (p = 0.0378).	4
The raw data consisted of 148,977 journal articles submitted to the national research evaluation exercise REF2021 by UK universities and first published between 2014 and 2020, excluding articles from the University of Wolverhampton.	2
What's more, a ten-year period is long enough to allow us to observe some of the evolution of one subject.	0
Bibliometric analyses are used to explore the research trends and the evolution of researchers' interests in a field.	3
To account for this we calculated the citation rate using the following formula5: Individual citation rate Number of citations as of May 2012 2010 Year of publication.	3
We illustrate the dominance ranking procedure using National Basketball Association (NBA) data.	2
With the latter I mean the knowledge available in an entire organisation, such as a university.	0
Our aim was to find a way to systematically assess the prevalence of referencing accuracy and accessibility issues in referenced statements selected from a sample of mental health-related policy documents.	1
Under the auspices of UNESCO, the UNISIST model was introduced back in 1971 as a model of communication structures inside a scientific domain.	3
The knowledge diffusion breadth of LIS is wide and covers 21 disciplines in ESI, and the knowledge diffusion speed to these disciplines is accelerating, with the time of spreading to 21 disciplines of ESI varies from 4–7 years before 2002 to 2–3 years after 2002.	5
We conducted a systematic, quantitative analysis of articles published in China CDC Weekly from 2019 to 2020 to explore development of the journal and understand its academic contribution in the field of preventive medicine, as well as to look forward toward future developmental goals.	1
The proposed Metric ALIS will be able to quantify the ‘Scholastic Independence’ of a scholar which is now an emerging topic in the bibliometric community.	5
The best normalization procedure, namely, the two-parameter reverse engineering scheme, performs very close to the “perfect normalization” over the entire support of citation distributions, except for the last 1% in which this – and, of course, the other five procedures – experience a dramatic worsening.	5
Data sharing platforms can collect information on the usage of available cohorts and the functionality of DACs.	5
Lastly, as shown in Figure 3, impact was measured by the number of the fields propagated from a specific field to another field using the citation relationship of the specific papers.	3
And all MI layers have the greatest breadth and strength of knowledge integration with the CS middle layer, followed by the CS marginal layer and detail layer, but with the CS basic layer the weakest.	4
The informetrics research field was selected as the data source for this paper and the literature of this field was retrieved from Web of Knowledge (former named Web of Science, WoS).	2
Pertaining to the ANOVAs without years-since-graduation as a covariate, the results indicated that the largest and most consistent patterns of differences were obtained for rank and fellow status, both of which are consonant with the expectation that professors (full) should have higher impact than those in lower ranks and non-tenure-track positions.	4
The illustration of all the stages, from emergence to full integration of NADGWG, demonstrates that network-based, cross-boundary digital government research collaboration is dynamic, rather than static.	5
Figure 3 shows that Cluster 1 (red) includes the words to explain customers' perceptions of value, quality, image, authenticity, and service failure.	4
The proximate explanation for these effects is that rhetorical citing redistributes citations from the few elite-quality papers to a more diverse set.	5
The most cited documents were pay-walled (94%) English-language (78%) articles (75%).	4
Rather than just refer to random or stochastic elements in citation processes, researchers can try to explicitly model the variables they think are important (see Tahamtan, Safipour Afshar, & Ahamdzadeh, 2016, for a review of several factors that may affect citations).	3
Male gender and having a PhD were associated with an increased weighted RCR but not an increased mean RCR.	4
It is clear that the journal impact factor is not effective in predicting future citations of successful authors.	5
Productivity is operationalised as authorship of articles published in core journals in the field of teacher education.	3
Among these articles (to which we refer as 'normal' articles), book reviews, corrections, editorial materials, letters, proceeding papers and reviews are the most important ones.	0
The selection of the journals was guided by a purposeful sampling strategy (Glaser and Strauss 1999) that aimed to represent a maximum variation (Suri 2011, p.	2
In summary, retraction of scientific publications is a phenomenon mainly related to misconduct.	5
Studies point out that the productivity decline in biomedicine is in significant part due to difficulties in translating basic science into clinical application.	1
Solo female researchers strongly associate with qualitative research.	4
In this study, the historical roots of positive psychology were traced by a new scientometrics approach called Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy (RPYS) introduced in 2014.	1
In the long run, the recommendations provided in this article will increase the consistency across journals and facilitate the publication process.	5
Do Google Scholar citation data provide an effective means of gauging the citation impact of journals not included in Web of Science or Scopus?	1
DIA and PR give the best correlation with Olson’s ranking.	4
In light of these, the ITS evolution map is shown in Figure 10.	4
In contrast to previous studies that were conducted in relation to developed countries, hard sciences, and IIMs and IITs without a focus on the prioritization of barriers, this study makes a significant and notable contribution to the literature by establishing the priorities for the research productivity barriers among faculty members of B-schools in India.	1
Locker D, Petersen PE and Sheiham A are a landmark for DPH field.	5
The selected predatory publisher published 459 journals in the health and biomedical sciences.	4
By analysing a set of global institutions annually over ten years, we compare and examine trends in CNCI indicators, as well as the role of collaborations, to better understand (1) differences between the indicator variants, (2) the performance of articles within each collaboration group and (3) how indicator variants influence perceptions of institutional performance.	1
Factor analysis indicated the possibility of 46 variables under six factors being important for the success of institutional repository implementation.	3
In cases where standing member lists were unavailable the most recent member list was used.	0
The bibliometrics of patents is obtained via PatentsView database (updated on March 29, 2022), which provides publicly free access to the disambiguated information of U.S. patents granted from 1976.	2
*N of original group (780) less MTs into total authors (431) less MT authors.	0
With regard to impact and visibility-based indicators, one of the most notable observations in our study is that some authors, despite showing prominent levels of participation in high-impact journals (Q1 and Q2), present low degrees of citation.	5
As I have argued and tried to document here, the behaviours rewarded by a preoccupation with impact factors sometimes support, often have nothing to do with, and frequently work against actually promoting academic quality.	5
In all three indexes the number of categories where the advantage is negative (disadvantage) is more than four times the number where it is positive.	4
For all nine formats, age of each cited publication (i.e., difference between date of faculty publication and the citation) was calculated to the nearest year, averaged, and recorded.	3
To this objective, the Smart Bibliometrics was developed to facilitate bibliometric analysis and selection of theoretical references, embodied by a system that brings intelligence, dynamism, and agility to the scientific writing process.	1
One of the most precise algorithms had 100.0 % precision and 26.3 % recall.	4
2 All quotes have been translated from Dutch by the author.	0
For frequency, co-occurrence, co-citation, clustering, and burst analysis, CiteSpace software was used.	3
The authors declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
The findings of this study show that there are various reasons for the retractions of papers within the medical literature.	5
Therefore, we examined the number of publications in highly cited journals, along with the increase in number of emergency physicians, and assessed the impact factors and subspecialties within the field of emergency medicine.	1
The paper examines interdisciplinary practice in nanoELSI through a case study of two CNSs.	5
The practice of author self-citations somewhere also raise serious questions about the role of, reviewers, editors, publishers in making authors to cite their earlier publications.	5
To investigate these issues we matched questionnaire data from 466 active research scientists with ten years of independently-assessed performance information.	2
We anticipate that the bibliometric analysis will identify the trends in cancer research productivity and the extent to which cancer research is aligned to the local burden of disease.	5
relatif ?, en se limitant aux catégories A et B du score SIGAPS, c'est-à-dire, aux ?	1
None of the correlations between network position and the advantage factors are statistically significant, which can be interpreted as either there is no connection between leadership positions and the advantage factors or that the immaturity of the network and community has not led to clear connections.	4
Results indicate that articles by authors affiliated with the center are significantly more likely to have early-cited papers within the year of publication than the random comparison group, with controls by field also being significant.	4
In this study we investigate if articles suffering delayed recognition can at the same time be under-cited influential articles.	1
Despite ongoing political tensions and differences in scientific cultures, respondents told us that understanding those differences – in funding, cultures of doing science, institutional structures, and treatment of graduate students – helped them avoid missteps.	4
“Article” accounts for 50.3%, followed by “Conference paper" (26.3%), “Review” (8.0%), and “Conference Review" (6.4%).	4
When identifying the sources of the publications, we found that Desalination and Water Treatment is the journal publishing most of the Moroccan water research with 135 papers followed by Desalination (88 papers), Environmental Earth Sciences (43 papers), Water Science and Technology (34 papers), and Hydrological Science (32 papers) as shown in Table 1.	4
As we are investigating how references in articles can be used to improve issue-based clustering, those articles whose references cannot be retrieved from an archive PubMed Central are removed (PubMed Central is available at [31]).	2
In regards to topic popularity, topics with the most significant rising trend are t43: citation-science-impact-scientific-index, t31: research-knowledge-science-health-development, t49: war-public-preservation-digital-cultural, t38: online-internet-web-computer-mediated-community, and t45: study-reference-web-analysis-health.	4
To count the inlinks (external backlinks) for websites, two separate commands were used on Bing and Google.	3
This information is arranged in 11 tabs, of which 5 were consulted:	0
The mean Altmetric score was 3.5; review articles had a higher mean Altmetric score.	4
Mean citation count correlates positively with manuscript length and number of cited references.	5
This paper uses information on all submissions to a large academic journal during 2009–2013 to explore the potential impact of the sequential submission order on the editorial decision.	1
The univariate analysis demonstrated significant relationships between the citation status and several factors, including the study design (P = 0.03), scope of the paper's title (P < 0.04), type of paper (P = 0.04), number of years since publication (P < 0.001), number of papers by the first author in Scopus (P = 0.04), h-index of the first author in Scopus (P = 0.01), and h-index of the corresponding author in Scopus (P = 0.04).	4
The United States and the United Kingdom had the highest number of tweets and unique tweeters (Table 1).	4
The improbable exceptions would be those, if there are such, who habitually do not include any reference in their scholarly writings).	0
In Section 4, we discuss our results and offer some directions for further investigation.	0
Grouping historians by countries does not bring out any differences or common features.	0
Our indicator categorization and rank similarity analysis suggest a non-trivial picture, where in some rare cases global rankings such as URAP exhibit a high degree of similarity with national rankings such as Poland, Chile and Brazil, whereas in other cases the national rankings deviate from all global rankings as in the case of China.	5
For example, each subject shared its vocabulary the most with another subject adjacent to it in the hierarchy (i.e., astronomy with physics, physics with chemistry, biology with chemistry, psychology with biology, sociology with psychology).	4
The time frame for the result was up to year 2012.	2
Manuscript received on 13 September 2011, revised version accepted on 4 April 2012.	0
Finally, we apply the logistic regression to test the simultaneous effect of all the five independent variables on the trait (specialized/diversified) of a publication.	3
The robustness results indicate that the conclusions also apply to male scientists.	4
VOSviewer and EXCEL were used to identify trends and patterns in characteristics of the publications, including author affiliations and countries, and the publishing journals.	3
First, we characterize mobility as a fairly common phenomenon in CS, we highlight a strong correlation with standard bibliometric indicators at all seniority levels and a lower propensity of female researchers to relocate internationally than their male colleagues.	3
The articles published by the AOML researchers yielded a total of 2,936 citations with an average of 46 citations per article.	2
We also see an exception from the general confirmation of our hypothesis: Scientific collaboration may be negatively affected in fields of research demanding large international infrastructures and where exchange of new knowledge is sensitive from a security and defence perspective.	5
Reflection data collection followed the reflection protocol (Appendix A) with each team member providing a written reflection based on the provided prompts.	2
Comparison of our characterization of the distribution of research subjects over countries with the distribution of biological species suggests that scientodiversity is analogous structurally to biodiversity.	5
Then, we use the journal name and ISSN for retrieve in Scopus and SJR, and get Total Cites, h-index, International Collaboration, CiteScore, SNIP, SJR, Total Docs and Total Refs indicators.	2
No apparent relationship can be seen between variety and disparity, and an inverse relationship between disparity and balance is also observable.	4
Furthermore, PPottier analysed whether keywords were duplicated in the title or abstract.	3
Our research suggests that common views about predatory journals (eg, no peer review) may not always be true, and that a grey zone between legitimate and presumed predatory journals exists.	5
The present data reveals a good contribution of some Arab countries to the field of "breast cancer" research.	5
For all four Rl education modes in NTU, the lack of awareness was among the top cited reasons for not participating.	4
It was then no surprise to learn from evaluations that additional training in the use of the IR would benefit administrative staff.	4
Often it is only when focusing on the write-up that we fully engage with our research questions.	0
By adopting a revealed preference approach and, most of all, letting the data speak for themselves, doubts arise about the citation advantage supposedly engendered by video abstracts.	5
The diversity of authors, countries, and topics present in Chaos might be in a first approximation characterized by the simplest type of network, i.e., undirected and unweighted whose adjacency matrix elements are given by...	3
Additionally, the likelihood of placing the most senior author in last place has also been increasing.	4
In dealing with the UK case, this essay relies on the empirical evidence gathered in a comparative study of the five largest Western academic labour markets in 2010-2011: France, Germany, Russia, the United Kingdom and the United States (Sokolov et al.	2
Data were collected over the past two years from July 2018 to June 2020.	2
In our analyses the regression lines as well as the Pearson correlation values were calculated before applying the logarithmic scale used only for illustrative purposes.	3
Funding information The research leading to these results has received funding from the European Union's Seventh Framework Programme (FP7/2007-2013) under grant agreement no.	0
Their difference, nevertheless, varies in the ?4.9 to +6.7 % range, and shows apparent positive correlation with the skewness and a hardly observable dependence on the standard deviation of the distribution (see Fig.	4
The pattern of duplicate publication, such as copy, salami slicing (fragmentation), and aggregation (imalas), was also determined.	3
The study was conducted in Peshawar and comprised all Original articles published in the Journal of Pakistan Medical Association between 2009 and2013.	2
With the publication dates ranging from 08.18.2003 to 08.17.2014, the corpus contains 129,701 publications.	2
We address these challenges by creating an integrated informatics platform to reduce the barriers to biomedical research collaboration.	1
This finding indicates that scientific credit is fundamentally derived from “paper citing paper" rather than “researcher citing researcher”.	5
The search was conducted on 13th September 2021.	2
In this study, we attempt to answer the aforementioned questions using the knowledge structure for users of each language, who share their habitus inherited from their antecedents.	1
The first author's anecdote shows that out of 105 and 68 first-authored submissions to two OBGYN journals, 89/105 and 48/68 were accepted in these journals, and the remaining 16/105 and 20/68 were accepted elsewhere, with 8/16 and 8/20 accepted in higher-or-same-impact-factor journals.	2
Results reveal that there is substantial room for improvements of technical efficiency, both across the eight fields considered in this study, and within each field.	4
Additionally, we found very poor correlations between the predicted and actual changes in the ratings.	4
The findings also indicate that cross-disciplinarity is associated with higher citations.	4
Associate Professor, Department of Prosthodontics, Faculty of Dentistry, University of Sakarya, Sakarya, Turkey.	0
For any initiative, use was more likely to be considered a strong example of societal impact compared to a product, but less likely so compared to benefit.	4
We then extend the analysis to 3317 researchers belonging to seven Italian Scientific-Disciplinary sectors (SSD) providing insights about the degree of multidisciplinarity within each SSD.	1
Using a co-word analysis based on author keywords, we selected the most frequent key-terms to provide a complete overview of current studies.	3
This query retrieved 79,209 articles having either “robot,” “robotic,” or “robotics” in the title, abstract, or keywords.	2
Analysis of the thematic evolution of the field illustrated changing research focus over three distinct time clusters.	4
2 This article has been cited more than 400 times on Google Scholar.	0
Erna Alant for valuable discussions about this paper, and very grateful for the valuable comments and suggestions from two anonymous reviewers, which significantly improved the quality of the paper.	0
RQ3 Do function words within article titles tend to have a neutral association with citation counts?	1
Bibliographic coupling of documents, the idea of which originated with Kessler (1963), is used to measure the similarity of two different manuscripts by computing the number of identical references cited in them.	3
Ismael Rafols acknowledges support from the US National Science Foundation (Award #0830207, "Measuring and Tracking Research Knowledge Integration").	0
The Hirsch-index is an index for measuring and comparing the output of researchers.	1
With k ≈ 25 and γ ≈ 0.7, the item-oriented approach has the best PEV performance, followed by DCC L1, which corresponds to the most fine-grained clustering solution (Fig.	4
To assess the foci of the research on scope of practice, we conducted a co-occurrence analysis of the keywords used to describe the various studies.	3
Question 1 (Q1): Does CI motivate open innovation in OAJs as it does in closed access journals?	1
The two most recent studies (Manzari, 2013; Nisonger & Davis, 2005) were used as data sources for the factor analysis and are described in the Methods section.	2
Over half (51%) of the high-impact papers were devoted to Literature review and Discussion.	4
Gray literature is a significant information source in the field.	5
impact factor, to gauge scientists' contribution in a domain and make decisions can affect their career progression or may force people to enhance the quantity of low quality papers instead of focusing on a more important activity – doing good science.	5
and not simply the choices of the members of local networks.	5
The total number of authors is 8992, and the average citation per article is 18.87.	4
The results do not support the equations for any of the two groups: Errors of prediction were generally large and mostly positive, the more so the larger was the value of the h index used to make the prediction.	4
In this paper, we attempt to assess OpenAI's GPT text embeddings, pre-trained on large and diverse corpora, for visual exploration of literature datasets.	1
The data for this article derive from a series of in-depth narrative interviews conducted in two university History departments located in two different regions of Spain.	2
Therefore this article focuses on the following questions: What procedures and criteria exist for assessing the quality of academic legal publications?	1
However, the timing of manuscript submission impacted the likelihood of a more positive editorial decision.	5
Strengths of our study include a high response rate (>50%), compared to similar survey studies.	0
For a basic survey, a web-based questionnaire was finalised at the beginning of May 2011 using Google Docs.	2
The journal ISSN was used to perform the searches in Scopus with "Ireland" being used as a search term under "affiliations".	3
The aim of this study was to analyse quantity, evolution and geographic distribution of traffic medicine-related research.	1
The repeated measures ANOVA did not show the Matthew effect of citations.	3
I use the following qualitative descriptors from Evans (1996) for evaluating correlation strength: 0–0.19 is very weak, 0.20–0.39 is weak, 0.40–0.59 is moderate, 0.60–0.79 is strong and 0.80–1.00 is very strong.	3
We also retrieved NIH and NSF funding records for the same period, a data set which provided 347,364 grant amounts for 109,919 unique scientists (Rowe et al.	2
Conflict of interest DH would like to express his gratitude for the financial support of CNPq (406943/ 2021-4 and 315441/2021-6).	0
In particular, the focus is heavily oriented towards libraries rather than to open or other organizational contexts.	5
Hence, the most interesting finding of the study is not the small inflation effects, but rather the fact that with the fixed set, we are able to reproduce the relative developments in impact scores and the rankings between the countries found in the constantly growing dynamic set.	5
I find that interrupted labs with one R01 reduce spending significantly.	4
The argument is based on interviews I conducted with seven mathematicians.	2
That is very different than the peak age of 33 years for the Russell Lecturers and 34 for most outstanding scientists according to Lehman.	4
Further to Schubert's (2012a) work, we tackle the following question in the present article: Is the psg model still accurate for (1) a much larger sample of researchers characterized by (2) a larger range of expertise and (3) who were drawn from a whole field of science?	1
Because the classic Kleinberg's algorithm of BTD has been integrated into the analytical toolkit (Kleinberg 2003; Chen 2006), the bibliometrics software – CiteSpace is utilised to implement the following analysis.	3
Most respondents' (90%) ideal grant would fund activities for 3–5 years, with 43% indicating an ideal length of 5 years (Fig.	4
This finding represents a damming evidence against the viability of the bucket classification of journals where a large group of supposedly elite journals appear in one group and labelled A* or something like that.	5
The analysis is further validated on a larger scale, on a simulated sample of 10,000 authors.	2
This study of the peer reviewer gender and peer reviewer behaviour by gender examined 2,178 peer reviewers for two behavioural science journals over a period of 9 years.	5
The results demonstrate the usefulness of the CSS method at this level while also pointing to some remarkable statistical properties.	5
And similarly for the results reported under columns (3) and (4) and (7) and (8) respectively.	0
Table 2 shows that the indicators of Kemenristekdikti are more extensively on the institutional aspects, while the webometrics version see how a university featuring activities accurately in the website [14], especially activities related to publications indexed in Scimago and Google Scholar, the number of web pages indexed by Google and the number of online documents in the website.	4
The rank distributions of ui’s in these three regimes are shown in Fig.	0
?Cuáles son las interacciones entre las palabras o la co-ocurrencia de palabras?	1
Our findings, although in no way resolving lingering questions concerning the role that grant funding should play in the conduct of psychological science or in the evaluation of psychological scientists, shed provisional light on them.	0
In this study, we compare 100 COVID-related articles published in four major psychological journals between 2020 and 2022 with 100 non-COVID articles from the same journal issues and 100 pre-COVID articles published between 2017 and 2019.	1
The results showed that JoVE articles are mostly cited for methodological reasons (72.4%) and in method sections of articles (53.2%).	4
Out of the articles published in the period, only 30.15% had an author/co-author associated with a stricto sensu postgraduate program recognized by CAPES, while the other articles were disregarded for the journal's classification according to the new Qualis method.	4
This cross-sectional observational study was performed among nursing students in Saudi Arabia.	2
2 This category is found in both the SCIE and the SSCIE.	0
The strong increase in paper production in China started in 2002 and again in 2007, especially in the fields of intelligent systems and machine learning.	5
Finally, the paper also investigates how the results of such a simplified, single-measure appraisal compare to the results obtained in the national evaluation where not one but dozens of indicators were used.	1
This study sought to identify which countries make the most contributions and whether significant shifts have occurred in this time.	1
The semantic profile was created from the knowledge sciences classification scheme and thesaurus developed by Bedford (2015).	3
We matched this dataset with SCOPUS data to retrieve full data on authors' affiliations or research host organizations—we used the MEDLINE/PubMed publication unique identifier (PMID), while we relied on publications' DOI when this was not available (Rotolo & Leydesdorff, 2015).	2
These issues are important, but some aspects are outside the scope of this paper.	0
In conclusion, our study underscores the importance of carefully selecting alternative metrics data providers based on the specific research context and attention metrics of interest.	5
The most common reason for the creation of a secondary profile was a difference in institutional affiliation (41%) (Figure 1).	4
First, DH research involves a large number of nations with very broad collaborations.	5
a Chi-square values with a = 0.01 are 23.2 when the degree of freedom is ten and 15.1 when the degree of freedom is five.	0
The study is purely based on secondary data, retrieved from the official website of SCImago Journal and Country Ranking, which is based on the SCOPUS data source, accessible at http://www.scimagojr.com.	2
Creating the database in PostgreSQL using 24 cores on a computer with 128 GiB of memory took 5.6 h.	4
The Egyptian State Award laureates often collaborate with their Saudi Arabian and American colleagues, more than others.	4
It comprises the 244,300 papers published in the period 2011–2020 by researchers affiliated to South American public universities.	2
Without loss of generality, our E-index is stated as the ratio between the output measure O and some resource measure R.	3
The minimum spanning tree algorithm is used to generate the simplified merged network in Fig.	3
Among other results we found that 387 patents cited 124 of the 988 articles (a share of 12.55%) in the mediator set.	4
The results of this study report the prevalence of collaboration among librarians, at possibly even higher rates than previously observed in the literature.	5
We predicted a shift toward multi-institutional, PhD-driven research in all fields except NIR, due to increasing clinical demands on physician neuroradiologists and the need for large datasets for writing definitive articles.	1
The method consists in listing and geocoding the cities appearing in the authors' addresses, and clustering them into urban conurbations based on population density and distance, adjusting each location on a case-by-case basis when dealing with large urban areas (for more detail on this method, see Grossetti et al.	3
In this paper, a taxonomic model similar to that discussed by Robinson-Garcia (2019) is used.	3
A corollary to the above results is that the MNLCS is a robust formula for estimating average citation impact in the sense that there is always a strategy for calculating reasonably accurate confidence intervals for it.	5
The fields of life sciences and medical sciences have experienced the maximum impact of the COE program, both in terms of number of papers and citations.	5
Given the results, we conclude by theorizing the rise of an executive science network that plays an instrumental role in relations among universities and industry.	5
Random numbers and real ranking data serve as data origins.	2
The data set was retrieved from PubMed on 2 March 2018, based on the following search terms: (((biosensor) OR biosensors) OR bio-sensor) OR bio-sensors.	2
In contrast to the case of economic products, we do not observe strong evidence of nestedness; instead, we find that the modularity of the network has been increasing, which is likely associated with the trapping of low-income countries in Natural cluster (see Figure 3) and the heavy investment and emphasis of applied sciences in rising economies such as China.	4
In conclusion, many young biomedical researchers are not aware of predatory journals and are unable to recognize or differentiate them from actual, valid journals.	5
We use the Altmetrics Explorer platform of Altmetric.com to search ISSNs of 64 multidisciplinary journals in JCR, and use “Type of output: Articles, Publication Date: 2015- 01-01 to 2016-12-31" (it is consistent with the data period of 2017JCR), “Retrieval time: 2019- 02-25."	2
40 new entries to output's co-citation set, and occasional review, book or reference work citer could bring hundreds or even thousands of entries (Fig.	4
Semiotica was excluded because the most cited work appearing there was authored by sociologists and psychologists.	0
The yearly increase in publications after that year is significantly higher than before.	4
As seen in Table 3, the names of around 42% of Spanish funders and 50% of foreign funders included a country name or an adjectival form.	4
To further disrupt dominance of core publications scholars can contribute to, and reference work from a growing array of open source publications and databases (Dulle & Minishi-Majanja, 2009; He, 2015; Lagoze et al., 2015; Squire & Jourian, 2015).	5
Prominent institutions were universities that could be primarily classified into two groups, namely, Mainland China on the one hand and Hong Kong universities and foreign universities on the other.	4
All quotes by researchers have been translated from German and proofread by an English native speaker.	0
The first question refers to the level of APCs from the market perspective, under the hypothesis that all the articles published in Elsevier journals exploit the OA model so that the subscription to ScienceDirect becomes worthless.	1
In addition, it is aimed to reveal the prominent topics in the articles published in the journal and the conceptual evolution of these topics from the past to the present by using the topic modeling analysis.	1
The left-hand panel in Table 4 shows the results of this approach for conference papers, while the right-hand panel shows the results for journal articles.	0
3, all the twenty distributions are convexly decreasing.	4
For each index, the vector and non vector formulas are presented.	0
(ii) The patent data from the USPTO to 7440 firms from 1926 to 2017, amounting to 2458402 patents.	2
From July 30th, 2014 to May 1st, 2021, 5826 unique tweets containing the phrase "Kardashian index" or related search terms were identified.	2
Aquatic ecosystem, water quality, and fish were the top three most frequently used author keywords.	4
We conclude that initial-based disambiguation can misidentify author identities mainly through merging, and, therefore, can distort macroscopic views of authorship patterns and the collaboration structure of a field or scientific community.	5
Table 1 Percentage of Organizational Membership, Authors, Editorial Board Members, and Editors who were Female Across Time	0
Thus, all Norwegian Universities show a high degree of commitment to open access, and the motivation for open access as expressed in the national guidelines is unanimously shared.	4
Our study contributes to the literature by for the first time estimating the effect of culture on self-citations.	5
At the opposite extreme there are 44 SDSs where more than 10% of the total research staff are TSs(1%).	4
These fluctuations may reflect changes in editors and editorial policies, but the PASP does not show the 58% growth in numbers of papers between 1986 and 1993 seen in the ApJ.	0
Thus, for each citation link, WSPAD decreases when the arithmetic decay factor increases, whereas WSPGD decreases with the geometric decay factor.	4
Each university library's website was scrutinized to discover whether the libraries employed scholarly communication librarians, whether they offered scholarly communication workshops, or whether they shared information about scholarly communication on their websites.	3
At the worldwide level, nanoparticle is the keyword that tops the ranking every year along with scanning electron microscopy and chemistry.	4
Eight errors (0.87%) prompted modification of study conclusions.	4
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
The MMR scandal in the UK may have been a painful example of this.	0
It reveals the disciplines where altmetrics are most effective, potentially useful and fairly applicable.	5
The most striking part of Table IV is the right-hand column containing the CPP values, with even the smallest value here (9.7 for Canada) far exceeding even the largest values in Table I (5.6 for Hungary and for Yugoslavia) and with the value for the USA as high as 14.8.	4
Grit Laudel is at the Research Evaluation and Policy Project, Research School of Social Sciences, Australian National University, Canberra ACT 02000, Australia; E-mail: Grit.Laudel@anu.edu.au.	0
The 2015 scholarship recipients publication numbers continued to increase after their scholarship tenure.	5
Note: no results are presented for Latin America for the period 1981–1990 because of the small numbers of documents and occurrences	0
In the end, 111 leaders with publications were included in this research.	2
The countries were divided into three groups, according to their individual contribution to the world publications: Group I (24 countries, at least 1 %) representing 83.9 % of the total double-counted world articles.	3
Participant voices dominate and mediate the representation of the history of science in New Zealand presented by Finding New Zealand's Scientific Heritage.	4
Most universities (82%) had plans that could be satisfied with online programs such as the Collaborative Institutional Training Initiative's RCR modules.	4
Ninety-four percent report having engaged in at least one unaccepted research practice.	4
The primary goal of a portfolio analysis is to assess the performance of a unit of interest, such as an individual, an organization, or a discipline, and identify its strengths and weaknesses with reference to a baseline so that strategic adjustments can be made accordingly.	1
Final coding was then completed by one author (M.L.) using NVivo software, version 11.4 for Windows (QSR International Pty Ltd, Australia), which facilitated organization and coding and enabled comparisons between the three researchers.	3
We believe that there is a need for developing alternative tools or indicators for measuring the influence of scholarly journals and research performance of individuals and institutions.	5
This study explores the types of organizations and their characteristics that are publishing roughly 2000 OA journals in the Scopus citation and abstract database (Scopus).	1
To be more precise, this article investigates book reviewing in the social sciences and humanities over 42 years (1975-2016) using bibliometric methods and data drawn from an extended version of the Web of Science.	1
Our results are generally in accordance with past studies.	5
That is why the effects of implementing the transparency of research results on a national level, in Slovenia, are presented through a case study of the Slovenian Research Agency.	1
Are CK members more likely to be appointed as habilitation panelists or referees for professorship applications?	1
A Bibliometric Study of Research Topics and Sustainability of Packaging in the Greater China Region.	0
According to Price Law, this study identified top 38 authors as the core authors among 1,588 authors in OA field.	3
Figure 1 serves as a general reference for more detailed analyses in the continuation of the paper.	0
1222 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—September 2005	0
Bibliometric data of the 2015 SCOPUS database is used to track the scientists' geographical locations, the number, and the “quality” of their published articles as well as the citations they received.	2
Using information about institutional affiliation, we could distinguish persons with the same name.	0
We conducted a 12-month randomized controlled trial to examine whether the promotion of article links in an online cross-publisher distribution platform (TrendMD) affects citations.	1
First, there are wide variations in indicators between countries, which are largely driven by differences in the share of project funding.	4
For now, we focus on the implications of the policy instruments for academic practices, as we deem this relevant for others involved in impact-driven university transitions.	0
https://doi.org/10.1038/s41586-019-0941-9) recently proposed a new, citation-based index of ‘disruptiveness' that is based on a dynamic network measure of technological change.	3
The sample was comprised of students in their third year of studying towards a Bachelor of Education qualification at a South African University.	2
4 and 5 reveal that in all seven solutions, the domain Astrophysics is the largest domain and most central domain in the sense that it interfaces with each of the other domains.	4
The proposed system would immediately save billions of dollars that are now spent on proposal submission and reviewing.	4
In the interviews, we discovered marked differences in how researchers react to the endorsed and discouraged journal lists proposed in the state-led journal valuation regime.	4
We examine the interdependence structure between third-party expenses, publications, citations, and academic age.	1
The higher rate of plagiarism among authors from non-English speaking countries may diminish if institutions improved their support for the writing of English manuscripts by their scholars.	5
The 10-year historical trend in success rates for these physician-oriented awards is presented in Figure 4.	0
Unsurprisingly, the largest number of materials cited in both grants applications fall within the Q call number range, which is the broad science category (see Table 2).	4
2011) through the establishment of high-level research collaborations and partnership with leading institutions from developed countries such as the United States of America, Canada, the United Kingdom and France (Shin et al.	4
Assignments on Chegg were most likely to be found (10 of 12, 83% detection rate), compared to StackExchange (5 of 9, 56% detection rate).	4
He also served as a university administrator and a government minister.	0
To realize the promise of open science for discovery, innovation, research impact and reproducibility, an open science policy must clearly lay out expectations, boundaries and mechanisms for participation, and must be shaped to explicitly support researchers' values and those of other key stakeholders.	5
We will frequently use these pairs or “dyads” rather than individuals as our unit of analysis in portraying Globenet as a network.	0
The results of Table 8 highlight that there is a statistically significant difference (t = 3.59, p = 0.035*) based on the OA journals and non-OA journals regarding the readiness of the respondents for OA.	4
The final file of combined citations was deduped by the EID (electronic ID) field to leave one unique instance of the cited reference.	3
The database was accessed through the Web of ScienceTM in January 2016.	2
Because the data underlying the Leiden Ranking tool can be downloaded as an Excel sheet from the CWTS homepage, users can also perform their own analyses (http://www.leidenranking.com/methodology/ additionalresources).	2
Jisc Collections has developed a standard data collection template and is helping institutions to release data openly.	3
R statistical software was used for the present study (Table 1).	3
5, and the color of each topic indicates the subgroup to which it belongs.	3
The journal impact factor varied between 2.948 and 4.560, and the mean number of editorial board members was 54.7 (standard deviation 30.2; range 4 to 102).	4
Following that, univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were fitted to identify independent factors associated with the outcome variable (peer-reviewed publication).	3
We exhaustively searched PubMed Central using the keywords "adult spinal deformity” or “sagittal alignment” or “spinopelvic alignment" or "kyphoscoliosis" or "sagittal plane deformity" or "sagittal imbalance” or “degenerative scoliosis" regardless of the country of origin and language.	2
RQ1: Do scientific breakthroughs impose particular influences on the knowledge structure of science?	1
Two types of indices, both constructed by the UN Development Programme (UNDP), were used in this analysis.	2
In order to perform the above-mentioned analysis, rank-frequency distributions were obtained for 15 different datasets:	2
In order to obtain the social media presence of publications, the subscription-based access of Altmetric.com was used.	2
The proposed measure builds from the impact of a single scientific manuscript μ, whose author set is denoted a(μ).	3
To test our methodology, we collected a large dataset consisting of more than five million citations to 59,707 research articles spanning 12 dissimilar fields of research and, with this data in hand, tested the proposed strategy.	2
Eight common categories for broader impact including an example for each impact (Roberts 2009)	0
Within this heterogeneity, Spain or its universities is highly mentioned (29 mentions, 12 foreign researchers).	4
However, the median size ratio between both publication types is one of almost 24 to 1.	4
Finally, we would like to note that the focus of this article is on the organizational level, and the assessing or monitoring of individual researchers or research groups, or the possible implications the monitoring has on individual researchers is not discussed.	1
The published works provided a varied compilation of evidence levels ranging from 1b-5 with a median level of 2b.	4
I further show how this analysis suggests a different way of introducing lotteries into science funding policy.	1
The relative activity index indicates whether a unit is more or less active in a selected subdomain than the rest of the world.	3
At the country level, Saudi Arabia (n = 125, 40.5%) ranked first, followed by Jordan, Egypt, and Lebanon.	4
Inspired from the Lucas-Uzawa model the individuals educate themselves during a fraction s(t) of their time, and work the remaining fraction of time, 1 s(t) at any period of time.	3
article-level classification from Science-Metrix is adopted to assign research fields and domains to papers.	3
By creating a large and centralized platform, CORE enables researchers and the public with the tools to discover and access a large repository.	2
It is now the case that 78% of AOUs are performing at or above world standard in psychology according to the ARC's definition of world standard, an outstanding result and double the level seen in 2010.	5
The bibliometric measurements are the most important application of citation sentiment analysis.	1
How do (articles published in) predatory journals perform against (those in) their corresponding non-predatory journals in terms of citations?	1
The framework outlines a theoretical approach that can enrich our understanding of how trust is attributed in a distributed, global and networked academic system.	5
The detailed date of collecting data is shown in Table 2.	0
Across all 4 journals combined, the strongest correlation was between NOC and the overall Altmetric score (r=0.48, P<.05) (Table 1).	4
1 and Table1 we see that all models have some predictive value (i.e., they clearly perform better than a ran- dom model).	4
The last section contains concluding remarks and discusses some limitations of the study and areas for future research.	0
Third, that if an article has an extraordinarily large number of citations, it was authored by a practitioner.	5
Second, a focused survey was distributed to editors involved in such retractions (n = 64; response rate = 28%).	2
The interviews, which lasted approximately one hour, were semi-structured.	3
This limited survey shows Mainland Chinese doctors are more likely to use Chinese medical materials.	5
divided by the average number of citations (counted at the same date) received by all WoS publications classified in the same subject category (SC), and indexed in the same year of publication i.	3
This finding suggests that collaborations between countries rely upon some past experience, which was previously stressed in some micro-level research (e.g., Broekel and Boschma 2012; Agrawal et al.	5
This is achieved by directly eliciting preferences between journals in a stated-preference survey with a sample of over 900 researchers in the field.	2
A title with a colon was significantly preferred over one without a colon in both cases, x2(2, n = 99) = 30.55, p < .001, and x2(2, n = 99) = 7.36, p < .01.	4
The technique uses a version of operational analysis (Denning and Buzen 1978) originally developed to model computers as networks of queues.	3
In this paper, the authors' gender is inferred primarily by matching their names with publicly available gender datasets.	3
The primary goal of this paper is to assess the value of Mendeley readership counts in conference-based fields and, as part of this, to find why articles in Mendeley may be widely read but rarely cited and vice versa in these fields.	1
Furthermore, it is obvious from the right field that Energy and Buildings and Building and Environment are playing the most significant roles as major sources in Buildings.	4
The information about teaching and research staff's perceptions of open science was provided by 251 teachers and researchers who answered the questionnaire constructed specifically for their group.	2
However, many scientific leaders, who are laureates of major scientific prizes or members of the National Academy of Sciences, have not benefited from this recognition: we must thus highlight that the ensemble of HCRs covers only partly the population of the most influential researchers of a given discipline.	5
VOSviewer is a software tool for visualizing scientific landscapes, which is used for bibliometric analysis, and R is used for social network analysis.	3
La Universidad de Barcelona, primera en la clasificación internacional, mostró las mejores características en Ciencias y Ciencias de la Salud.	4
Retraction Watch started writing about the phenomenon of fake reviews in 2012.	4
In this paper, we address this question by presenting a framework that compares two broadly defined research and publication strategies, which we will call “productivity-focused” and “impact-focused”.	0
* This research is part of the work of the Commission on Human Resources and Advanced Education, which is supported by grants from the Carnegie Corporation and the Russell Sage Foundation.	0
Cambodian articles are cited for up to 33 years, with a peak of 4.5 citations within the first two years.	4
How does attending a top-ranking university influence a student’s likelihood of undertaking an academic career?	1
The dataset contains 4138 articles, downloaded in XML format, that were indexed to the Computer and Information Sciences field in the PLoS ONE database from January 2014 to September 2015.	2
Shah is a member of the Emerald Literary Network and signatory to BOAI.	0
A Chi-square test of independence was conducted to examine the relationship between an entity, entity type and scientific domain.	3
JASIS&T (Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology) is the leading journal in our sample with 22 articles published.	4
To examine trends and make comparisons across institutional settings regarding the access to and use of ICTs, we draw upon three survey waves of a longitudinal study of agricultural scientists in Kenya: Wave 1 conducted in 2001, Wave 2 to 2005 and Wave 3 in 2010.	2
The citations are counted for all the publications as of June 2015, with the intention that the 7-year and up citation window ensures a robust measure of impact.	2
The sorting method used in the present study was "relevance", which is a sorting term common to all three bases, even though there are differences in what each database considers to be understood by "relevance".	3
Across the set of all faculty, the two article measures and the two book measures are virtually unrelated; the average r is 0.09.	4
This is confirmed by Table 6 showing the Spearman correlation coefficients between the rankings from evaluation at each year end and the last set of rankings, at end of 2008, which provide the analysis benchmark.	0
The main reasons for PM among the Indian medical fraternity are reported to be intense competition, pressure to publish, insufficient facilities, inadequate funds, lack of statutory controls and policies to deal with scientic misconduct, academic ignorance due to lack of knowledge and training about research methodology, research ethics, publication guidelines and scientic writing.	5
Our sample included 286 evidence syntheses containing 324 citations to retracted research.	2
Using a mixed-methods approach, we will explore the different ways publishers' prestige is determined.	3
Also, the user can export the analyzed data into the CSV format accessing an export tab on the Shiny app (see Figure 5) and use it to perform its own local analysis over the downloaded data.	4
These three regions published 76% of all manuscripts identified during the 5-year study period.	5
By employing a bibliometric indicator for identifying and quantifying emerging technological ideas – as derived terms from the titles and abstracts – we measure the extent to which the publication contains emerging technological ideas in each domain.	3
A retrospective bibliometric analysis utilizing journal-specific search engines of the top 30 OHNS journals (by impact factor) were queried for "errata OR erratum OR corrigenda OR corrigendum OR correction OR corrections," utilizing errors published between 2000 and 2023.	3
Over 80% of DOAJ articles by authors from high- and low-income countries were published in gold open access journals in 2020.	4
Standardization to the average without nil values generates a reduction in outliers, down to 566 from 633, but more importantly reduces the unevenness in incidence of outliers among the SDSs: from the previous 22.2 points, the range of variation drops to 6.8, from a minimum of 7.7 in CHIM/06 to the maximum in ICAR/03 at 14.5.	4
It is noteworthy that pharmaceutical enterprises play an important role in the oxycodone research area.	5
Shifts in the global competition in the market of world-class universities (WCUs) are analyzed; the long-term restructuring of this market is considered in three geopolitical centers—the United States, Europe, and Asia—over the past 18 years of the 21st century.	1
Downloaded by [The UC Irvine Libraries] at 12:26 24 November 2014	0
graduates was higher than that of the pre-Bologna Ph.D.	4
Against this background, we conducted a mixed-methods-study in which we combined a quantitative online survey with in-depth focus group interviews to study international researchers' attitudes towards posting and citing preprints and to describe their overall experiences with publishing OA.	3
The spin-off professors are extracted from the three parent universities on the basis of scientific merit.	3
The second paper with 173 citations is by Azlan et al. (2020) with title 'Public knowledge, attitudes and practices towards COVID-19: A cross-sectional study in Malaysia'.	4
We examine the potential influence of research articles' various title elements on their engagement and citation, focusing specifically on communication research articles that receive the highest numbers of citation within a five-year timeframe.	1
Disease area did not correlate with any of the metrics compared.	5
institution, country, research field), compared to the world average of citations to publications of the same document type, age and subject area.	3
Two sets of analyses were performed in the current study: group-level analyses and individual-level analyses.	3
Surprisingly, a key article of Danna and Nathans (1971), setting the stage for much of what is now routine and which led him to jointly receive the Nobel Prize in Physics in the year 1978 (https://www.nobelprize.org), received only 299 citations in total (all data shown in this contribution were updated on 18 August, 2017).	4
We believe this submission would be suited to your journal's scope of interest as it focuses on how HEls are engaging in the SDGs across (and between) disciplines.	0
We got a total of 59,339 records in which the number of unique records is 58,781.	2
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
This research studies team power dynamics in five disciplines: Computer Science (CS), Physics, Sociology, Library & Information Science (LIS), and Art.	2
Key conclusion here is that the domain of research on graduate education is still at the early stages of development and is scattered around several disciplines and non-specialised journals.	5
As an application, I further study the network of citations of publications indexed in Web of Science, authored by all Italian academic economists between 2011 and 2015.	1
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/0022-0418.htm	0
Among 150 analysed dental journals the British Dental Journal acquired the first rank.	4
To do so, we designed a questionnaire to be completed by principal investigators in a variety of disciplines (arts and humanities, social sciences, health sciences, and information and communication tech- nologies).	1
Domain experts confirm that the integrative model with link prediction is better than the simple fusion model at identifying LTSTs.	4
It takes time to build an academic reputation through high-quality outputs.	0
Corresponding authors were dispersed around the globe (37 from South America, 4 from Central America, 11 from North America, 13 from Europe and UK), representing a mixture of senior, intermediate, and young scientists.	2
The citing-side normalization has some connection with the “influence measures".	5
More specifically, inventorship reflects primarily substantive contributions in the form of idea conception, while authorship may also reflect technical contributions and the provision of data or materials.	4
A MEDLINE search of the PubMed website on vascular surgery publications from the GCC countries covering the period between 1960 and 2010 was performed in June 2011.	2
By combining the subject topics (Figure 5) and adoption times (Figure 6), one finds that the adoption times for different subjects are relatively adjacent and continuous in years when the subjects have similar research interests.	4
It indexes in international database of scientific citation and has a stable citation index, as well as, high quality of publications.	5
Our findings also have some practical implications for university and department administrators in charge of space allocation.	5
Our results show that initial-based disambiguation can misrepresent statistical properties of coauthorship networks: It deflates the number of unique authors, number of components, average shortest paths, clustering coefficient, and assortativity, while it inflates average productivity, density, average coauthor number per author, and largest component size.	4
Drawing on economic theory, empirical evidence, and internal logic, the analysis aims to contribute to informed decision-making in research evaluation.	3
The primary analysis compares 4-week mean Mendeley saves by 2-sample t test on the log-transformed data.	3
The three principle goals were (1) to report on the proportion of orthopaedic journals that publish OA articles, (2) to scrutinize bibliometric data arising from these journals which benchmark the journal's importance within orthopaedic research, and (3) to determine whether the volume of level I evidence they produce is comparable to that of conventional subscription-based orthopaedic journals.	1
The RCS showed robust psychometric validity for both classical and item response theory parameters.	4
In this paper we address performance of Slovenian research community using bibliographic networks between the years 1970 and 2015 from various aspects which determine prolific science.	1
Building on interview data and policy documents from six countries, we analyze the semantics employed to make sense of North-South relationships.	1
During the studied period, 75 residents completed otolaryngology residency training and published a total of 294 papers, averaging 3.92 publications per resident during training.	4
We obtained publications data from the Science Citation Index-Expanded through the Web of ScienceTM Core Collection (Section A in S1 File).	2
Our findings show that the constituency of the journal reflects the constituency of the society.	5
In this work, a comprehensive perspective at the development and evolution of ESWA journal is provided.	5
Therefore, in this study, the UII analysis steps included: compilation of raw co-citation matrix, conversion to correlation matrix, SNA and visualization.	3
Of the 367 original articles, a radiologist was the first author in 280 (76.3%) articles, followed by neurosurgeons (27, 7.4%) and neurologists (26, 7.1%).	2
Qualitative data on high priority needs to improve research outputs was collected through focus group discussions (FGDs) with faculty members, and analysed manually into emerging themes.	3
We show that there are significant differences in the resulting scores, making room for improvements in the allocation rules used in research assessment exercises.	4
ECRs used them most for monitoring scholarly impact (M=3.95) and this fits with what was heard from the interviews.	4
The SB's first citation in a patent usually appears to be earlier than the awakening year.	4
This paper uses a bibliometric analysis method to probe into the evolution of China's science and technology policies from 1949 to 2010, and the roles of core government agencies in policy-making.	1
The majority of participants demonstrated underwhelming awareness of predatory publishing and average levels of knowledge of their characteristics.	4
However, institutions with OA funds may need to identify opportunities to increase support for high-impact publications, as well as consider the financial stability of these funds.	5
Data retrieved from Dimensions (Table 2) suggests that there is no evidence of an increase in OA books in all fields between 2013 and 2015, with a rise indicated between 2015 and 2016.	4
The density of co-authorship networks of countries in the field of nuclear science and technology revealed that from 2008 to 2010, 26.3% of all potential relationships among countries, whether strong or weak, were realized.	5
In conclusion, our models are effective evaluation and prediction tools for quantifying research ability and predicting the scientific impact, and the BBVI-EM algorithm is an effective variational inference algorithm.	5
The reason is clear: in May 2012 President of Russia V.V.	4
This research also draws attention to the fact that occupations whose function is to promote communication between science and society have low participation in the releases, as is the case of journalists and science communicators.	5
According to the nature of the indicators and their function in the process of scientific and academic communication, we have classified them into six groups, plus an additional seventh group that combines elements of the other six: A.	3
This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/).	0
Color versions of one or more of the figures in this paper are available online at http://ieeexplore.ieee.org.	0
In this sample, Child Development ranked 7th in the number of SFTARs it had in its Big Deal, with an average of 1,577.7 SFTARs per year.	0
We collected 47,667 different words that were corrected unifying grammatical variants and using only one key word for singulars and plurals, adjectives, and nouns, acronyms, and developed names of the same concept, among others.	3
Here we analyse funding outcomes of SNSF division II projects that have been awarded during the last ten years in Earth Sciences and Environmental Sciences (data available publicly on the P3 database of the SNSF http://p3.snf.ch).	2
Last-author means that the chairmen's names appeared last in the published lists of the articles' authors.	0
This next section will cover why the MMM errors in the 1970s in the USA were questioned.	0
They examined the following in detail: journal profiles for publishing characteristics, submission specifications for manuscript parameters, and full-text published manuscripts for compliance with specifications.	3
Items published in 2017–2018 and citations to them from the date of their publication up to the date of the analysis (September, 2019) were taken into consideration.	2
Although China ranks a distant second for WOK, it lags behind five other nations for WOS publications.	4
Acknowledgements This research was supported by the Manchester Centre for Doctoral Training in Computer Science, EP/I028099/1	0
For each book review, the book under review was determined by various means.	3
It was shown that COVID papers have attracted much more attention by the public and significantly more citations than papers not related to COVID-19.	5
The “Search Path Counting Over Cyclic Citation Networks” section introduces the algorithm for search path counting based on the concept of simple path, that is, acyclic path without repeating nodes, because we argue that it makes little sense to say a publication influences itself through a citation cycle.	3
We hope this problem can be fixed in the near future.	0
To collect data on these different aspects of E&C in the C4H consortium, we used a mixed-methods design based on (a) semi-structured individual interviews with the consortium's PIs at the start of the project (pre-interviews), (b) semi-structured reflexive focus-group interviews throughout the project's lifetime, and (c) document analysis of relevant project documents and scientific outcomes.	2
Secondly, we have applied the schema.org model for books.	3
We have identified in this paper that ECRs enter the world of scientific publishing without much guidance about ethics in publishing; however, they have become more experienced, mature and informed on publication ethics and integrity issues because of their publishing experiences.	5
The numbers show that content analysis yields the best results in all evaluation metrics.	4
Our findings do not imply that the scientific community currently has the optimal incentive system, but by showing the additional punishments for misconduct and revealing that senior scientists cannot escape blame, our results do speak against the jaundiced narrative that regards peer review as fundamentally undermined by hypercompetitiveness, fraud, and other forms of misconduct (Fang and Casadevall, 2015).	5
In conclusion, the results of this independent survey suggest participation in grant peer review is uneven, with some groups much closer to their maximum capacity than others.	5
Then we design an amended K2 algorithm for Bayesian network structure learning to handle the situation that no strict sort exists among factors.	3
They were compared based on query results in terms of precision, relative recall, coverage, and full-text access.	3
In this study, we examine the relationship between renewable energy penetration and monetary outflows among European Union countries from 2004 to 2022 within the context of transitioning to green economies.	1
We considered multiple ranking strategies including mean rank, median rank, and rank choice.	3
This study aims to delve into the interplay between organizational characteristics, including size, type, and location of universities, and bibliometric factors, such as research output and impact, on the centrality degree of university collaborative networks.	1
The Scopus database was used in this study to retrieve articles published on the domain of natural resources and indigenous communities on March 20, 2020, based on the following keywords: “indigenous population," "natural resources,” “environmental protection,” “human," and "economics."	2
Knowledge of popular and underused outlets may help investigators strategically share research for broader dissemination.	5
From the data of the three time periods in the table, it can be seen that the R&D cooperation volume of the Yangtze River Delta urban agglomeration was rising, and the proportion of cross-city R&D cooperation was also rising.	4
In the data, there were over 122 million potential journal pairs created by the 15,613 journals indexed in the WOS.	2
Others will be able to access the two datasets in the same manner as the authors and the authors did not have any special access privileges that others would not have.	0
Our study of international mobility has several implications for the way we prepare doctoral students for future careers as business school faculty.	5
By using the UNISIST models this paper argues for the necessity of domain analysis in order to qualify scientific information seeking.	1
This concentration of data can be measured further by the Gini coefficient.	3
Employing a number of important metrics pertaining to the underlying topological structures of the network, we discusses implications for effective policies to enhance knowledge generation and sharing in cancer research in the country.	3
Another important element in analyzing citation patterns is the insights gained about the social context in which knowledge is created.	0
Do U.S. academic librarians continue to contribute a significant portion of articles to the peer-reviewed LIS journal literature?	1
Results suggest that the current university system in Slovakia is ineffective in incentivizing associate and full professors to publish in peer-reviewed journals.	4
The total number of citations, at the time of data analysis, was 30401 with an average citation of 9.57 per document.	4
Results indicate that Russian academics who perform relatively poorly with respect to publications and citations in selective journals are more likely to engage in academic citizenship in the form of inspections.	4
**The number of national journals is reported both for WoS CC and ESCI	0
The paper has examined the role of LSRFs as “knowledge attractors” (Colombelli & von Tunzelmann, 2011), focusing on the factors affecting their ability to act as magnet for global research talent through collaborative projects.	5
Only authors whose ranks are 50 or higher are listed in the table for the purpose of brevity although we will analyze the top 100 authors in our discussion below.	0
Structural hole spanners within communities trigger the formation of subgroups, facilitating the acquisition and transmission of information across hierarchies, thus positively impacting the formation of SHCs.	4
Cluster 1, consisting of inactive people with limited financial resources, exhibits a higher likelihood of being in the 65–69 age group (30.1%) compared to other age groups within this cluster.	4
The purpose of our study is to examine the similarities and differences between research topics (RTs) published in journals with similar topics of interest.	1
Authors from the United States of America contributed to 3127 (34.5%) publications and ranked first, followed by those from Japan (700; 7.7%) and China (636; 7.0%).	4
Almost three quarters of all downloads come from users who do not use the Website www.oapen.org, but find the books by other means.	4
All 95% CIs with p < 0.05; Ro: the basic reproduction number; CFR: case-fatality-rate.	0
Core and promising RFs derived from the patent knowledge map tend to be distributed to structure- and method-related research themes while core and promising RFs derived from the scientific paper knowledge map are equally distributed, as shown in Table 19.	5
The relationship between index time and the WoS category and index type of the database.	1
Then, the citation counts received by the articles in relatively long citation windows (6 and 11 years after publication) were predicted by negative binomial multiple regression (NBMR) analysis for each field.	3
The clearest change is that the productivity of Russian science, as measured within Web of Science, has dramatically decreased recently after several years of growth.	4
It is conceptually divided into three distinct layers: the Exposed Layer, the Processing Layer, and the Communication Layer, as illustrated in Fig.	3
A scientometric study of orthopedic-related COVID-19 research is required, and quantitative analysis of the data will provide meaningful insights for future research in the field of orthopedics.	1
9 years) does not affect the citation concentrations of most document types in journal and book literature significantly.	4
Participants were recruited from a single email broadcast sent during the Fall 2021 semester to psychology faculty in psychology equivalent departments (e.g., social sciences) at institutions in the United States classified as a 4-year institution or higher in the Carnegie Classifications of Institutes of Higher Education (2020, March).	3
This study accessed 30,419,647 articles published between 1975 and 2019 from PubMed,” a free database supporting the search and retrieval of biomedical and life sciences literature.	2
All registrations from launch of the registry (February 2015) to October 2015, when 500 studies were registered, are included in this analysis.	2
Thus, despite the conceptual attractiveness of Model 4 as a model that provides researcher performance capacity estimates that can be understood as latent person contribution to bibliometric indicator ratios (a logic that underlies the ubiquitous journal impact factor), we had to conclude that Model 5 provided the best fit for both datasets.	5
The word “concrete” is the most frequently used author keyword in the journal.	4
After removing duplicate records from WOS and completing the filtering process, a total of 1787 relevant articles were obtained.	2
For the present study, we analyzed a corpus of 1871 highly cited papers from the ESI list, published in the decade 2011–2021, for the 136 HCRs affiliated in France.	2
Fortunately, we observed encouraging signs of a general trend toward strengthening the multidisciplinary character of multidisciplinary journals over time, which could help mitigate the issues discussed here and contribute to the broader advancement of scientific knowledge.	5
How content of the page relates to the concepts searched for	0
5): AGR01 'Agricultural Economics and Rural Appraisal' (10 occurrences), AGR02 'Agronomy and Field Crops' and AGR03 'Arboriculture and Fruticulture' (6) and ICAR20 'Urban and Regional Planning' (4).	4
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
This focus on quantity may be related to prevailing deficiencies in public governance (scientific evaluation and funding mechanisms) in the post-communist countries (Jonkers and Zacharewicz 2016).	5
Author-level derivatives of the RCR include the mean and weighted RCR.	3
This study indicates a potential relationship between highly-cited papers and the citation rate for other papers with which they share an issue.	5
Academic career duration was estimated as the year of a faculty's first publication in Scopus subtracted from the year 2020.	3
The Expertise by Citation Path is also a contribution: a measure of expertise/ relevance of the authors given a target paper that considers the topology of the network.	5
Over a period beginning three months before and ending one year after these delays, I find that interrupted labs reduce overall spending by 50% but over 90% in the month with the largest decrease.	4
Therefore, We selected the research articles and patents in the GEV domain as the empirical field.	2
Keyword growth, number of keywords and network centrality showed a positive relation with citation counts; whereas, the percentage of new keywords showed a negative relation with citation counts.	4
The highest number of scholarly article citations to Kirk-Othmer come from institutions in the United States; those to Ullmann’s are from Germany (Table 3).	4
Our new ε-index not only meets these criteria, it also adds the ability to compare across disciplines by using a simple scaling approach, and can easily be adjusted for career gaps by subtracting research-inactive periods from the total number of years publishing (t).	5
Research performance among 50 NMS scientists varied at the individual level.	4
The overall correlation between the number of citations received by the 64,000 documents and the position they occupied on the results page of Google Scholar at the time of the query is r = -0.67 (α <0.05).	4
The authors have no funding and conflicts of interest to disclose.	0
We hypothesise that a user search query if expanded in real time by considering the initially top relevant results selected by a user as well as the citation graph can produce more relevant results than traditional content-based (CB) approaches.	1
She has worked as an editorial assistant for American Politics Research.	0
Growth was observed across all disciplines, with an increasingly diverse research portfolio, and was coupled with a slight increase in the quality of publications.	4
In addition, Figure 1 shows the percentage of articles with acknowledgements in all five journals for the years 1971–1999.	0
journals included on the List of Peer-Reviewed Non-IF-Journals Published in the Czech Republic – 568 journals.	2
A set of seven features are proposed on the basis of textual and graph information.	3
The confirmation of non-normal distribution behaviors in these metrics reinforces the need for non-parametric analytical methods, highlighting the limitations of traditional parametric comparisons.	5
Of the students interviewed, 28 students were graduate students, and two were undergraduate students.	2
The work illustrated in this manuscript is a case in point.	0
Once our dataset had been merged with the Scopus data, our final sample comprised references to 1717 journals (54% of the total in Scopus), including: 25555 articles (14.25% of all Wikipedia articles citing articles in Scopus included in all disciplines) with 41655 references (5.31%) to 32245 resources (5.86%).	2
We performed ordinary least squares regressions on the pooled studies to estimate the relationships between the likelihood and size of evaluators' updating behaviors on the treatment effect of being exposed to relative and absolute feedback on other reviewers' proposal scores.	3
The 2019 Exploring ECRs' Research Output Production in Australia and Japan Project (hereafter the Project) investigated the perceptions and experiences of ECRs based in two disparate nations on producing and sharing research outputs with diverse audiences.	2
The differential role of informal and formal communication in each of the three disciplines has shaped green OA practices.	4
As indicated above, the methodological basis for the study was the correlation analysis, and the basis evaluating indicator is the Spearman's rank correlation coefficient.	3
The co-occurrence of keywords associated with the SARS, MERS and Covid-19 literatures were analysed using VOSViewer (Van Eck and Waltman 2010).	3
These differences in the results can only have been caused by either the differences in the way that the "relevance" criterion is calculated by the search methods used or by differences in literature coverage by each of the databases (Falagas et al., 2008; Mongeon & Paul-Hus, 2016; Rovira et al., 2019).	5
The primary data source for collecting citation counts of target papers and extracting various authorship-related metadata of the target papers was Scopus.	2
We selected structural equivalence: two universities are structurally equivalent if connected to the rest of the network in identical ways (Lorrain and White 1971).	3
Additionally, the article also develops a graphical visualization of the bibliographic material by using the visualization of similarities viewer software to map journals, keywords and institutions with bibliographic coupling and co-citation analysis.	3
Cite this article: Banerjee S, Guedj J, Ribeiro RM, Moses M, Perelson AS.	0
In what follows, I will appeal to explicit authorship guidelines, the sociology of science, proposals to revise authorship, the history of authorship practices, epistemology, and economics.	2
The selected Finance journals are knowledge hubs and the selected Economics journals are knowledge sources when ISI's entire journal database is considered.	4
In Spring 2013, the DIGITAL.CSIC statistics module got enriched with open access data, thus allowing a step further in content analysis.	3
Keywords: International collaboration; Scientometrics; Social network analysis; Hierarchical clustering; Essential Science Indicators.	0
We begin by presenting and discussing the results of the profile similarities analysis.	0
In Scopus, there were 37,956 results for ?-carotene, and 552 results for the false positive (B-carotene) (Supplementary Table 2).	4
Among all 1015 publications of these two institutions, 70 of them are indexed in WoS (SCIE, SSCI, and A&HCI).	4
Negative-binomial regression, zero-inflated negative-binomial regression and logistic-regression analysis were used to investigate the factors that influence knowledge-transfer activities by measuring the effects of the dependent variables.	3
Following similar studies in the past, the exponent c is obtained by estimating (10) as a linear regression equation by forcing the intercept term to be zero (Chung and Cox 1990).	3
For collecting the usage statistics of Google Analytics, it was adopted the sample provided by Google in [13] and the resulting Python script is available in [14].	2
Our study assessed frequency and factors associated with honorary authorship in Indian biomedical journals.	5
To ensure that the reported results are representative of the population rather than the sample, I statistically weighted each citing work by the cited journal’s overall citation impact—its total year-adjusted citation count.	3
The mean of the Spearman's rank correlation coefficient for the different combination of raters was calculated to be 0.95 (95% CI 0.92–0.99).	4
That is to say, the timespan “custom year range” in search page has the same function as the “publication years” in search results page.	4
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 2014	0
Are there trends of increasing article coauthorship by practitioners in computer science, library science, and management?	1
In this paper we use reference-based classification which, similar to a number of previous classifications, employs an article's references to infer its topic.	3
Based on these three characteristics, we find that a set of editorial materials can qualify as such a valuable extension.	5
The estimated global total in gold journals then increases to 1.186 billion USD while the global total in hybrid journals increases to 540 million USD, which sums up to 1.726 billion USD in estimated APC expenses /revenues in 2020.	4
A cross-sectional study of retracted Covid-19 articles reporting empirical research findings, based on searches of Medline, Embase and Scopus on 10th July and 19th December 2020.	2
However, SSRF's effect on the percentage of high-impact international publications is not statistically significant.	4
To answer the research questions, we will use a bibliometric approach based on the taxonomy shown in Table 1.	3
As shown in Model 2.1, after controlling a series of factors, the total number of articles published by tenure-track faculty members surpassed those off the track (Coef.2.1 = .086, p < .01).	4
In the second study, we develop and hand code a dataset of 373 citations to seminal LAS articles in the field.	2
Invoking the desire to be inclusive and generous, most teams engaged in problematic overly-inclusive authorship practices that fit the definition of honorary authorship (i.e., including authors who do not meet the criteria described in authorship policy statements produced by journals or scholarly societies).	4
A citation study of a sample of earth science projects in citizen science from the FedCats Catalog was undertaken to assess whether citizen science projects are as productive and as impactful as conventional research that does not employ volunteer participation as a part of their data gathering and analysis protocols.	1
(2006) completed a study on the contribution evaluation of the members in collaborative groups at Harvard University and the University of Chicago.	2
2018 ASIS&T Published online Month 0, 2018 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
The transition to FPP always reduces welfare if it induces R to delay submission strategically.	4
The study of LIS research output in these countries provides valuable insights into the development of LIS research in emerging economies.	5
The results suggest that the CPP of CERN articles (Median = 33.62) is significantly higher than the CPP of other articles (Median = 3.94), z = 5.01, p < .001.	4
Keywords Global science · Scientific collaboration · Connectivity · China · Turkey	0
BASE and GS identified 93.5% of the articles and OpenAIRE 86.7%.	4
The results suggest that the previously proposed MNLCS formula (Thelwall, 2017) is always safe, except perhaps for very small sample sizes, but that it is conservative if the group forms 10% or more of the world set.	4
Among 888 DAP, a total of 402 DAP by 147 designers showed relations to their other scholarly works in terms of inspirations, materials, and design processes but lacked direct self-citation.	4
As shown in Table 2, HDI and GII are highly and significantly correlated.	4
*The National Center for Atmospheric Research is funded by the National Science Foundation.	0
The rotation method of factor analysis is the direct Oblimin method (McCain, 1990; White & Griffith, 1981; Zhao & Strotmann, 2008b).	3
An analysis of only Research papers did not show a statistical increase in the number of authors over the years (p=.13), with a mean (SD) of 4.1 (1.8) in 2015 and 4.6 (2.0) in 2019.	4
To determine the particular magnitude of the change elicited by manipulation on the individual indicators linear regression analysis was employed to establish the slope parameter for successive models in which each indicator was treated as the response variable and the self-citing sequence of papers was repeatedly used as the predictor variable.	3
On the other hand, to measure the available power diversity to actors in the network we use Power-Tie-Diversity Index (PTDI) defined in Abbasi et al.	3
As expected, lower-ranked journals were less likely to make this request than higher-ranked journals; the finding was statistically significant within the context of the full sample, when no other control for quality of manuscript was included (Models 1 and 2 only).	4
My analysis of two different datasets, one including paper and citation information for over 130,000 highly cited scholars during the 1996–2020 period and another including citation and salary information for nearly 2,000 Canadian scholars over the 2014–2019 period, shows several important findings.	2
Patrice Laget is at the Inserm Unit 646, 10, rue Andre Boquel, 49100 Angers, France.	0
We retrieved two datasets containing retraction notices (1169) and retracted publications (2610) covering 21 research areas of technology topics.	2
The objective of the present communication is to design an indicator of technological impact of a scholarly journal, based on citations in patent applications to papers published in that journal.	1
The aim of this study is to present a model of individual evaluation, based on bibliometric indicators, for the main dimensions of research activity and to illustrate the methodology through an empirical example evaluating a research community in a specific discipline and geographic context.	1
We recommend replacing the JIF with the h-index in the CJA system, and introduce more factors or ways of evaluation into the FAP system, such as peer-review or validated structural questionnaires to reduce the dominance of the CJA system.	5
Documents and authors themselves have become the object of evaluation.	4
The induced subgraph was selected based on the seven journals that cite the Journal of American Society for Information Science and Technology (JASIST) at least 100 times.	2
Hypothesis 2: In the co-authorship social network structure, in the field of nuclear science and technology, there is a multiple relationship between centrality of a country and citation performance of researchers of that country.	1
The Wilcoxon matched-pair signed-rank test is applied to test the difference in mean citation scores (citations per item) across 17 researchers when restricted to only source items (group 1) and counting all items (group 2) as it is the paired and non-parametric test.	3
The current baseline information on health-related literature on natural disasters showed that this field is growing rapidly but with inadequate international research collaboration.	5
How to cite this article: Saunders TFC, Rymer BC, McNamara KJ.	0
1) in terms of overall patterns and country rankings and there are substantial differences.	4
Based on the above, for co-authored articles published in the Journal of Informetrics (JOI) in 2016, this study aims to evaluate the similarity between the discourse present in an article and the citation identity of each of the responsible authors, according to the position occupied by the author in the by-line.	1
The start of one's academic career was estimated by the date of first publication in Scopus; thus, academic career duration was calculated for each fellowship faculty member by subtracting the year of first publication from the year 2015.	3
The CRExplorer is not only a helpful tool to analyze a dataset under study, but it also offers a context for cleaning the data.	5
3 Division of Physical Geography & Ecosystems Analysis, Department of Earth & Ecosystem Sciences, GIS Centre, Lund University, Lund, Sweden.	0
There are three different kinds of content evolution paths of an interdisciplinary global topic, including the inheritance, merging and splitting evolution paths, as shown in Fig.	3
The R2 value is though not very high, but it is higher in all the cases in the same FoS than the other ones.	4
PLOS ONE will be used to show the range of journal metrics and informetric methods regarding validity, practicability and informative value.	1
Our objective was to compare the characteristics of COVID-19 papers against those of non-COVID-19 papers and identify the variables in which they differ.	1
2013), male scientists are more internationalized than female scientists; a majority of male scientists (56.0%) are internationalists as compared to 45.0% of females.	4
By investigating deep and broad knowledge contributions and related personal dispositions, our study contributes to our understanding of the nature and processes of scientific research.	5
Through this analysis, we explore research trends, identify influential contributions, and map collaborative networks within this field, providing insights into the scientific trajectory and emerging opportunities in supercritical CO2 extraction for medicinal and aromatic plants.	1
In order to examine whether the digital location of the library is analogous to its historical physical one, we need to establish a relationship between the research standing of an institution and the placement of the link that is used to access the library page from the university website.	1
Overall, the percentage of all identified FAs was 29.0% in WoS, 14.6% in PubMed, and 7.7% in Scopus.	4
Our approach offers the benefit of an open and transparent process: SPI-Hub makes every effort to provide unbiased, factual information by which users can perform journal quality assessments.	5
Our study focuses on the productivity effects of star help in the absence of a co-author relationship.	5
An online survey of PhD holders reveals that most participants are against pure randomness, although they would try random elements if such procedures were combined with peer review.	4
This study provides the first systematic analysis of the topics of published anaesthesia research.	1
Every CV was examined independently by at least two coders.	3
An alternative, the Radicchi index, hf, has been proposed to assess the impact of publications across disciplines.	1
The UK and the USA dominated in terms of international collaborations, with 77% of all collaborated publications including one or both of these countries.	4
It was also determined that studies overall on the applications of RecSys are increasing.	5
First, articles from 85 SSCI journals under the category “INFORMATION SCIENCE & LIBRARY SCIENCE” in Journal Citation Reports 2021 (JCR) were selected as the data source.	2
This paper examines the relationship between placement of publications in top five (T5) journals and receipt of tenure in academic economics departments.	1
The overall ANVUR VQR exercise entailed a total of 35 GEVs, and it covers 1,039 journals in which articles were published, of these 35 GEVs for the area 11 are not scientific.	2
The key finding of our study is that students attending a less prestigious economics PhD program can perform as well as students from highly ranked programs, provided they work with the most research-active dissertation advisors.	5
Extracting Web of Science data from its Social Science Citation Index (from 1956 to present) for sampled years between 1970 and 2015 (n = 4991), the analysis explains citations in terms of the type of collaboration, international partners and subject areas.	2
To what extent do comments address fundamental elements of the peer-review process?	1
At a journal level, 150 dental journals were analysed.	2
From the Center for Science and Technology Studies at Leiden University in the Netherlands, we obtained publication counts from the Web of Science (WoS) for each university in 2015.	2
Publicly available search engine query data such as those from Google Trends can be used to estimate business performance and position data which are not always publicly available.	5
Our results suggest that commitment to IDR is positively associated with actual research activity, especially interdisciplinary research activity.	5
The second wave started in 2009 after the end of the salary system reformation.	4
For early-stage and mid-career academics, we find that connections with prominent researchers associate with greater impact.	4
We then regress each paper's citation percentile on the fame of its first author, the fame of its second author, and, for three-author papers, the fame of its third author.	3
In this article, we will describe a model to examine the influence of differently organized institutions on their scientific productivity.	1
The authors wish it to be known that, in their opinion, they should be regarded as joint first authors.	0
Specifically, we find that conscientiousness, performance goal orientation, and exploitation positively and significantly relate to productive depth, while openness to experience, learning goal orientation, and exploration all positively and significantly relate to productive breadth.	4
Specifically, we ask how digitalization alters production possibilities by examining how digital intensity affects the key parameters of sectoral production functions, namely the elasticity of substitution and productivity.	1
How do different theories of preferential attachment predict accumulation of citations in different fields?	1
Strong correlations were observed in all bivariate analyses between (a) the number of years RSM have been used in a field, (b) the proportion of RSM publications compared to all publications within fields, and (c) the extent of engagement with EBP.	4
Heterodisciplinarity is defined then as the percentage share of references/citations to/from sources outside the discipline (field) of the object itself.	5
Reporting of funding and COI improved in peer-reviewed versions.	5
Jones is data coach and program evaluator in the Center for Academic Excellence, Saint Paul Public Schools, Saint Paul, Minnesota.	0
Kendall's tau rank correlation coefficient (τ) was used to explore the relationship between each pair of indicators.	3
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2022	0
This percentage is almost the same for Model 2 and 3 (65% ± 2% and 64% ± 2%).	4
This is a theoretical paper that provides insights into the problems of using blacklists for research or for assessing a scholar's output.	1
The dissimilarity (2.2) corresponds to a generalized (and normalized) Jensen–Shannon divergence which yields statistically robust estimations in texts [27,28] (for details and motivation, see Material and methods §5.4).	3
A poster version of this study was presented at the ISSI (International Society for Scientometrics and Informetrics Conference), 2007, Madrid, Spain, 25-27 June 2007.	0
From each of the 100 journals identified, we randomly selected five original research articles or reviews published in 2016.	2
This study aims to combine them and identify the Sleeping Beauty patent family (SBPF).	1
The betweenness centrality is a significant parameter for bibliometric tools such as CiteSpace and VOSviewer to investigate vital co-citing networks (Yu et al.	3
No way has yet been developed to assess in economic terms success for the second objective.	5
Since 2018, 95% of McMaster University's SDG-related publications are authored by a researcher or researchers from a single faculty and 5% are authored by researchers from two or more faculties.	4
Based on their assessment of 284 faculty members from law schools included in the 2020 U.S.	4
The sociological perspective suggests that collective intelligence is overshadowed by a research community that is explicitly on crowdsourcing.	4
This parameter (α) and the parameter of the correlation k were calculated with the Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) method (Leguendre & Leguendre, 2012).	3
Bovine species was the more quantitative publications in general, between the plants, wheat has the largest quantity, followed by rice, corn, soy-beans, among others.	4
The costs of the processing and publishing of manuscripts should be covered by the revenues generated through subscriptions and advertisements.	0
The connection between altmetric performance and the geolocation of author’s affiliation is so strong that the accuracy and credibility of altmetrics on the global level should be carefully evaluated – especially when the evaluation objects come from mainland China, the world’s second-largest producer of scientific publications.	5
The aim of this paper was to compensate for the above mentioned drawbacks of the h index by defining an indicator that would be as simple as possible and complementary to h.	1
For each of them, both the upper bounded and unbounded variants are considered.	0
In order to receive information about the people mentioning the three publications or their retraction notices in tweets, we used the classification scheme proposed by Toupin et al., (2019) (see Table 1) and a modified version of the R code provided by Toupin (2020).	3
A byline or credit system has been widely described and recommended as a solution to authorship problems and may present the best means of individually defining author contributions and appropriately crediting authors with their actual contributions.	5
We conducted two rounds of user testing for the self-archiving process.	3
We all appear complicit, by praising and rewarding research in top-tier, more conventional, journals, and similar signaling that reduces societal contributions to easily measurable outputs.	5
What were the most popular and important research topics in Industry 4.0 in Vietnam?	1
We retrieved metadata of AutoV publications by using the keyword-based operational definition developed by Youtie et al.	2
With that as a starting point, this paper aims to identify and map potential patterns in the production of scholarly publications on biosensors and to offer insights into the subdomains of biosensors research.	1
For the purpose of this research, only papers published between 2015 and 2020 will be considered.	2
Finally, advantages and limitations of the new tool are discussed in Section 4.	0
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
It is the view of the authors that while REF impact to date has been understandably predominantly focused on the ways in which LIS research is presented in the REF submissions, that the legacy of REF impact will invariably lead to change in how LIS researchers behave in the future.	5
In the case of our study, representations in two dimensions are used, but there is no reason why not to use three dimensions.	0
Instead of using individual such measures like what many existing works did, we propose to use PCA to convert this set of dissimilarity measures into mutually independent principal components.	3
The intention was to gather data from researchers working in a diverse range of disciplines and geographic locations to develop a global perspective on the issue of open access training for doctoral students.	2
The empirical basis of our analysis is a set of 76 semi-structured interviews with informants from the STS publishing world, speaking from different actor positions: as authors, reviewers, editors in various functions, and publishers.	2
Out of 25 values, 21 were positive with the average difference of 0.240, which reflects a 16% increase in scores for journals in the beginning of the list.	4
Reflecting upon ten years of CCES, it is our hope that future generations will encounter better framework conditions to pursue an academic career in the field of sustainability science.	5
Number of book citations post-1949 and pre-1950 distributed between INSPEC broad subject classifications.	0
The number of publications and the trend line show that research on this topic has not yet reached a stage of maturity.	5
The other important finding is the significant difference between the number of citations and the publication times for single-blind peer-review.	5
For Approach 2 we used data from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS CC) including the analytic tool InCites.	2
It was found that, regardless of gender, scientific performance in terms of quantity and impact plays a crucial part in possessing the “social researcher" role in the network.	4
Known item searching was then conducted in Web of Science and Scopus to retrieve all citing publications.	2
Citations from three source journals for the years 2008 through 2010 were analyzed using the 2010 Mapping the Literature of Nursing and Allied Health Professions Project Protocol.	2
This article aims to contribute to this literature by exploring Maghreb researchers' behavioural patterns and preferences in regard to scientific collaboration as well as analyzing factors that encourage or impede collaborative work.	1
The area between the two dotted lines depicts the 95% confidence intervals for the OLS estimates.	0
The data indicates that most of their research articles (n = 555, 73.1%) are published in Quartile 1 and Quartile 2 journals (see Table 6).	4
Section 2 briefly discusses the evaluation methods, and introduces the six normalization procedures to be evaluated.	0
As remarked by one of the referees, the expression in (7) can be evaluated as follows:	0
RQ5: Which themes of sustainable competitiveness research is popularised among scholars?	1
Comparing the percentage of “emerging technology,” China and Singapore have a higher ratio of “emerging technology,” 18.3%, and 22.1%, respectively.	4
Additionally, the documents are further analyzed after limiting the publication only in the English language, and only articles published in the journal are considered in the study.	2
For the 2010 references, 43.0% of the monographs are available as ebooks.	4
We also analyzed the evolution of the giant component to characterize the changing research patterns in the field, and we calculated social network indicators for the nodes, namely betweenness and closeness.	3
How difficult is it for an early career academic to climb the ranks of their discipline?	1
One limitation of our model is that it captures only two peaks in citation history.	5
As illustrated in Figure 12, it can be seen that most of the academics (67.5%) state that they could publish in open access journals.	4
While the self-sustaining capacity of SSH researchers and institutes in Vietnam has been rising, gender inequality remains prevalent.	5
We suggest that looking at academic writing as a situated - and gendered - social practice offers a potential for deriving more theoretically consistent explanations for both the seeming persistence of the gender gap and the wide contextual variations.	5
The comparison of research performance will be performed using independent samples test on the modified impact factor of papers.	3
The overall characteristics of JKAN's published papers and keywords, study participants, types of nursing interventions and dependent variables, citations, and cited journals were analyzed.	3
If we combine search behaviour with the decision to use a specific channel, we arrive at the following research question: Does the use based on the channel 'Website only' differ from use based on 'direct access only' or from use from a combination of those channels?	1
The relevance of research and the national or international scope of the subject matter approached constitute a growing concern in the definition of scientific research policies by all countries worldwide.	5
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
We start from the three original DoF articles (Arber & Linn, 1969; Danna & Nathans, 1971; Smith & Wilcox, 1970), denoted as the Arber-Smith-Nathans set (A-S-N set, in short), and determine the articles (in the WoS) that cite at least one of the articles in the A-S-N set.	2
The findings show that there are statistically significant (p < .05) differences in CPD across these three major disciplines of chemistry, mathematics, and physics.	5
This cross-sectional and analytical study evaluated 338 dental students from the Peruvian capital using a questionnaire composed of 15 questions on conditions for scientific production.	2
Ministry of the Flemish Community, Science and Innovation Administration, Boudewijnlaan 30, 1000 Brussels, Belgium.	0
For the basic set, the MNLCS formula confidence intervals contain the correct value more than 95% of the time overall, without substantial deviations for any parameter set (Figs.	4
A secondary objective was to evaluate the association of relevant publication characteristics with the number of citations by the use of linear regression analysis.	1
This article tested the robustness of a synthetic indicator to measure the performance orientation of public R&D funding in a comparative setting.	5
Five values i.e., POJ, H-index, AI, EF and citations for each science journal is calculated and stored in the database.	2
A total of six distinguished clusters of keywords were obtained, which are represented by red, green, blue, yellow, orange, and brown colors for clusters 1 to 6, respectively.	4
Received 29 June 2017; Received in revised form 10 October 2017; Accepted 14 November 2017	0
In this article, we investigated the causal relationship between economic growth and research output using an annual data covering the period from 1981 to 2012 for the G7 countries.	5
Our results show that the traditional citations and the Twitter citations are different statistically, structurally, and contextually.	5
But, through analyzing more than 65 million papers, patents, and software products from 1954 to 2014, Wu, Wang, and Evans (2019) demonstrated that smaller teams tend to disrupt with novel ideas and opportunities, whereas larger teams tend to develop existing models.	2
This article has conducted a bibliometric analysis of the QCA method in its three versions: csQCA, fsQCA, and mvQCA.	3
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Following this, a relative citation analysis is undertaken in order to determine the research impact of Sls.	3
11/12 participants felt that exercise should be discussed in the Emergency Department either routinely or on a case-by-case basis.	4
Dr John Rigby and Keith Julian are with the Manchester Institute of Innovation Research [the merger of PREST and CRIC], Harold Hankins Building, Manchester Business School, University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PL, UK.	0
It is meaningful to compare the effectiveness of nation diffusion intensity and nation diffusion breadth with these indicators after normalization.	5
Finally, based on the study and the five previous recommendations, we recommend that RPOs and RFOs develop a coherent plan for how they want to implement, promote, and sustain RI (see also Mejlgaard et al., 2020; Bouter, 2020).	5
Our sample included a total of 93 art faculties: 81 faculties in academies of art and 12 university-based faculties.	2
However, we only targeted papers for which these researchers were listed as the corresponding authors (4763 altogether).	2
Chinese contributions to the field of spine have a significant increase during the past 10 years, particularly from Mainland China.	5
To understand how patents were used in scientific papers, this study used citation contexts to explore the functions of paper-to-patent citations and discuss the possible motives for scientists to cite patents.	1
We defined poorly cited articles as those with ≤5 citations in the 5 years following publication and poorly cited journals as those with >75% of journal content poorly cited.	3
The list of respondents was provided by the Hospital Research Direction.	2
The gender of authors was assigned using authors' first names, following the method developed by Larivière et al.	3
We conducted a highly sensitive search for publications of biomarkers in CHD using the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection database on 4 June 2020.	2
Moreover, only a quarter of papers from subscription-based journals that allow self-archiving are deposited in the UZSM repository.	5
Milojevi? (2014) analysed collaboration network using WoS data of SCIM.	4
The median number of publications, h-index, r-index, m-index, g-index and i10-index were 13 (range 0-389), 5 (range 0–63), 5.2 (range 0–64.8), 0.33 (range 0–1.5), 10 (range 0–125) and 4 (range 0–245), respectively.	4
Lee Vucovich of UAB's Lister Hill Library of the Health Sciences and Ms.	0
It was found that Western countries and private publishers still dominate the discipline in 2022.	5
The preceding Harbingers interview study confirmed the central role accorded to traditional, productivity- and citation-based metrics (Nicholas et al.	5
Relative Effectiveness (RE) is defined as aggregated WEIG for the cohort of NSC projects divided by WEIG of the corresponding set of ERC projects in the same context, e.g.	3
We used two information techniques, document overview and knowl- edge domain visualisation (KDViz) (1,2), to answer the above questions and create a comprehensive picture of the field.	1
At the level of single disciplines there are no differences in collaboration behavior, except in the case of: (1) international collaborations, for mathematics and chemistry—where the propensity for collaboration is greater for males; and (2) extramural domestic collaborations in physics, in which it is the females that show greater propensity for collaboration.	4
Comparisons of 32 journal responses to 31 human gene knockdown papers have highlighted the wide range of responses by 13 journals to notifications of incorrect control reagents that represent fatal errors in gene knockdown studies.	5
First, in January 2020, we performed a search of articles published since 1970 with title words including “sleep,” “insomnia,” “parasomnia,” “hypersomnia,” “polysomnography,” or “sleepiness."	2
Dataset_1 includes only general research articles (i.e., 1394 non review papers).	2
He was not involved in any editorial decisions on the manuscripts analysed in this paper.	0
For nearly all countries, the aggregate citation advantage for multinational papers was greater than one (Fig.	4
1 Number of annual publications in the life sciences per country for the top 10 countries in 2011 (USA, GBR, JPN, CHN, CAN, FRA, ITA, AUS, ESP)	0
Using a dataset of publications statistics spanning five years for a Norwegian social science research institute, this paper looks at how (and why) measuring productivity in different ways provides different pictures of the gender gap.	1
The results show that several psycho-social work environment factors including leadership are of major importance for the production of science.	5
This paper studies the changing global distribution of Nobel science laureates (n = 599) over 117 years, distinguishing three world regions: Asia-Pacific, Europe, and North America.	1
The participation of females in research publishing in India as significantly lesser than male participation.	5
Researchers selected for this assessment were a sample of Spanish psychologists voluntarily registered with the Web of Science Production of Spanish Psychology (http://www.	2
researcher is operationalized as having a first Scopus-indexed journal article in exactly 2001 and one in 2016–2019, with U.S. main affiliations in their first and last articles.	2
The study was commisioned by the Ministry of Education, Science, and Culture of the Netherlands.	0
I am very grateful to two anonymous reviewers for their comments and suggestions.	0
In particular, we define the science relevance index as the citation share over document share, defined in Cimini et al. (2016), namely the average number of paper citations received by research articles produced by a country in a given year, normalized by the world average of such quantity:	3
We examined over 24 million manuscripts published over four decades indexed in the Thomas Reuters Web of Science database which encompasses the fields of science and engineering, social sciences, and the humanities and arts.	2
Experts in the field report that several forms of scientific fraud, publication bias, and honorary authorship are present in cardiovascular imaging research.	5
FIGURE 1 | Publications are the result of grants being awarded, research being carried out, feedback from colleagues at conferences and use of research datasets, just to name of a few of the possible inputs.	0
Only 32% (67/212) reported the name of the editor-in-chief.	4
Elements of descriptive statistics and tools of complex network theory are used to highlight the interdisciplinary as well as international effects.	3
Australia had the largest number of publications (26), followed by the United States (21), and Canada (12).	4
Computer Science is the area with the largest average TFR, being the only area whose value exceeds unity.	4
The USA is the most influential country over the four periods because of its high production and top quality in academic papers: it is far ahead of all the other countries.	5
CiteSpace II software, commonly used in bibliometric studies (Jiang et al., 2017; Miao et al., 2017; Gu et al., 2019; Güzeller & ?eliker, 2017), was used for data analysis in this study.	3
9, ‘earthquake’, 'model', ‘California' and 'prediction' are the four most commonly used keywords in earthquake prediction publications.	4
Model 1 When copyright is removed, and the reader price is constrained to be equal to 0, the profit of the journal is given by π = Pana = Pa(β2βa) 1/3 .	0
This paper aims to study the relationships between shared leadership and team performance in creative scientific discoveries, specifically highlighting heterogeneous and homogeneous shared leadership to identify unique patterns.	1
We sought to identify criteria associated with increased academic rank among HPB attending surgeons at hospitals with Fellowship Council approved HPB fellowships.	1
The objective of this research is to address specific inquiries regarding the utilization of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in Oncology.	1
The metrics measure stability of the community, openness to new authors, introversion, representativeness of the PC with respect to the authors' community, availability of PC candidates, and scientific prestige.	3
The main path analysis (MPA) proposed by Hummon and Dereian (1989) depicts the history of science based on quantitative evaluation which can enhance the understanding of a specific domain.	1
a London Metropolitan came about through a merger in 2002 between two post-1992 universities: London Guildhall and North London	0
While relatively few women can be found among the most productive authors at the top research universities (TopR), women are especially likely to appear among the most productive authors in the OD, TopLA, and B groups.	4
Southern universities represents 9% of conference presenters, while 57% of conference presenters are from Northern universities.	4
In conclusion, considering the importance of the field glaucoma, our study provides the first analysis of the progress in this field, which provides a framework for the weaknesses and strengths of the glaucoma research.	5
All areas need to show explicitly the impact and relevance of their production for the investments made.	5
Data mining on WoS to gain the bibliometrics information of related journals in ESI was conducted five times (T1-T5, Table 1).	2
Second, although much attention has been given to the contributions from biological, psychological, and social sciences, including the biopsychosocial model (12), evidence based on the career contributions of the 300 top-ranked gerontologists shows the centrality of medicine for shaping gerontology.	5
All disciplines, other than the natural sciences, believe reviewers should focus more on research that is useful and contributes to practice.	4
Using Colombian publications from 1991 until 2011 in the Web of Science, we investigate the relationship between the degree of interdisciplinarity and the local orientation of the articles.	3
Data Availability Statement: The data retrieved from the WoS database can be sent upon request.	0
This study aims to present a bibliometric overview of research published on dust mites between 1980 and 2018.	1
To determine whether there were significant differences in the outcomes (total publications, h-index, average yearly publications in preceding 5 years) between different groups, we conducted 1-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) with post hoc Tukey tests and t tests, as appropriate.	3
However, a less distinct connection was observed between highly cited papers/authors and high journal impact factor contributors.	4
The main purpose of this study is to find the corresponding weights of these factors on the final decision.	1
To calculate the indicators, we downloaded the bibliometric data (WoS) of the publications of the researchers, as well as those of their PhD supervisors (indicated as SA1 and SA2, SB, SC, and SD1 and SD2).	2
Before introducing the Italian exercise, it is useful to review the international experience.	0
The normalization has been carried out in the same way as in the LinLog layout technique and the modularity clustering technique (Newman, 2004; Noack, 2007) for the active maps.	3
Researchers employed at top-tier institutions adopt the identification technology significantly sooner than their peers at lower-ranked institutions.	4
By citing articles from predatory journals, authors spread information that may not be credible through the scientific literature for use by other researchers and clinicians.	5
A total of 935, 728, 231 and 234 authors were surveyed from PLOS ONE, BMJ Open, SAGE Open and PeerJ respectively resulting in a grand total of 2,128 authors surveyed.	2
The Sciento-text framework comprises of standard scientometric and text analytics components.	3
We argued in this article that the flourishing of predatory publications needs to be considered in relation to two issues.	5
These indicators reflect two different dimensions of international collaboration.	3
The computer-assisted qualitative data analysis software NVIVO 9 was used to analyze the data.	3
We establish the importance of team-specific capital in the typical inventor's career.	1
The shortest time to retraction was 2 months and the longest length was 144 months.	4
Since at least Paul Travis Nicholls's works (1987, 1989), the method of the maximum likelihood estimator with the Kol- mogorov-Smirnov test has been viewed as superior.	3
The study target group is researchers at stages R2+R3+R4 of their career (n = 8357).	2
The highest number of citations was Huang et al. [29], a paper completed in collaboration with Chinese and Singaporean scholars, with 2095 citations.	4
RQ1 How often do editors and editorial board members publish in their affiliated journals?	1
The validity of the proposed indicators is verified by the calculated results.	0
Given that most highly cited papers are multi-author papers, the assessment of individuals and or of institutions based on highly cited papers is considered in two versions.	3
In these emerging practices SIP designs function as platforms for the formation of communities of experts, rather than traditional project management models or mere communication tools.	4
The results unveil an enhancement and consolidation of collaborative relationships over time and suggest the existence of key institutions and authors, whose influence on research is expressed by the variety and intensity of the relationships established in the co-authorship of articles.	4
Collaborations are defined as two researchers who have co-authored a paper up until that year.	3
There is a greater possibility of developing a citation relationship between scientific knowledge with the same journal impact rank and knowledge type.	4
Of the 15 universities in Rome, only the three largest ones offer undergraduate degrees in these disciplines: the University of Rome ‘Sapienza’, University of Rome 'Tor Vergata' and University of Rome 'Tre'.	2
This study has confirmed and underlined two unsurprising facts about botanical publications: (1) that books are relatively more important than in other sciences; and (2) that older materials are relatively more important than in other sciences.	5
Finally, Table 8 shows the results of an ordered probit, in which the dependent variable is the quality (subjectively self-evaluated on a 10-point scale) of papers the respondents had submitted to OA journals.	3
The aim is to discover the impact which a particular publication set has on specific user groups (outside research) by using altmetrics.	1
Do informal publishing platforms have academic value among scholars?	1
The five indexes considered in this study are Jaccard, Dice-Sorenson, Salton's Cosine, Pearson and Association Strength.	3
The findings of the study showed that high cost of publication fees or Article Processing Charges (APCs) associated with many open access journals were serving as constraints to many scientists' quests to disseminate their scientific information openly and freely.	4
Focusing on research collaboration, this paper utilizes a unique dataset to investigate factors contributing to retraction probability and elapsed time between publication and retraction.	1
The readability of Hartley's book chapters (as measured by the Flesch Reading Ease score) has remained remarkably similar for over 50 years, but there is a suggestion that they have got easier to read in the latter years.	5
Although varying in size, this is also the case in other subject categories.	0
In this study, we examined (a) the degree to which author and handling editor geographic locations predict outcomes at three separate steps of the scientific peer review process, whether papers are sent for review, mean review scores of reviewed papers, and final decisions, and (b) the extent to which language and socioeconomics can explain the observed geographic variation in outcomes.	5
Similar to previous empirical studies, our work also shows an intricate relationship between targeted funding and research.	5
As can be seen from the data in Model 4.1, the tenure track had a significant negative influence on the number of collaborative articles within an institution (Coef.4.1 = -.190, p < .01).	4
As can be seen from Table 4, hybrid OA APCs were most often invoiced to authors (n = 41,725; 58.2%) and to a lesser extent as part of agreements (n = 24,250; 33.8%).	4
Therefore the author wants to determine the amount of manuscript attributes to provide to reviewers.	1
de Cani is Professor of Statistics and chairman of the department, and Dr.	0
As two authors belong to the computer science research community, we decided to use the data set provided by the dblp computer science bibliography originally created by Ley (2009), which tracks all major computer science publications.	2
This study examined references found in three journals in the field of Spanish and Latin American literary studies.	1
The publisher shall not be liable for any loss, actions, claims, proceedings, demand, or costs or damages whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with or arising out of the use of this material.	0
For all nonresponding institutions, the authors conducted a structured review of the institution's CTSA Website between October and December 2011.	2
A new indicator, CPPSNI, derived from SNI [20], was proposed to describe the CPP2015 ratio of multi-countries articles, domestic and international multi-institution articles, which was intuitive and informative.	3
The data for this study were collected using self-administered web surveys distributed in 2013 and 2018.	2
Given these considerations, only articles published from 2010 to 2015 were considered for this study.	2
Our objectives were to assess the reliability of preprint citations in articles on COVID-19, to the rate of publication of preprints cited in these articles and to compare, if relevant, the content of the preprints to their published version.	1
The findings of the present bibliometric analysis highlight the significance of S.	5
'Do we try to keep it in the spot- light so...no.	0
(3) What are the disciplinary variations in how research impact is conceived and demonstrated?	1
Performed a bibliometric analysis on all the articles concerning immunotherapy for sepsis from 1962 to 2019 was our objective, and we also explored the potential correlations between publications of different countries and their gross domestic product (GDP).	1
Taken together, we have evidence that a series of leadership, peer, programmatic, and university characteristics are associated with grant funding success for emerging researchers.	5
These knotty substantive issues are not discussed by Hargens and Herting.	0
We employ a difference-in-differences approach to compare the subsequent development of funding streams from various sources between the group of winning universities “treated” with this positive resource shock and a control group of comparable universities that did not receive Zukunftskonzepte funding.	3
In order to identify the similarity of the topics of research areas carried out within scientific collaboration between Russia and several industrialized countries, the Jaccard index (JI) was calculated.	3
Biology researchers considered the granting of funds to biological research conducted by American researchers (MUSA=5.38, SDUSA=1.39) as being more reasonable compared with granting funds to the same biological research conducted by Chinese researchers (MChina=4.46, SDChina=1.53; post-hoc tests: p<0.01) (see Fig.	4
Journal of Advanced Nursing contributes to advances in nursing research, practice and education as well as the quality of health care, teamwork and family care, with an emphasis on knowledge transfer and partnership between various health care professionals.	5
In particular, we introduce two approaches, CP-IN and CP-EX, that should be preferred in bibliometric studies because they consider the complete citation distribution and can be accurately interpreted.	3
* RUS covers Soviet Union till 1991; thereafter, RUS is for the Russian Federation.	0
Our study seeks to add a longitudinal dimension to the ongoing debate on the implications of competitive research funding by focusing on the incremental adjustment of the funder/fundee relationship around a common discursive practice that consists in describing and evaluating research projects: How has the perception of what constitutes a legitimate funding claim changed over time and why?	1
To apply this approach, we consider the percentile metric of a paper (CP), by the following expression:	3
Facing this significant simplification, researchers are inevitably confronted with a fundamental challenge: to what extent do the MPs accurately capture and reflect the overall knowledge development within the network of documents?	1
The analysis reveals remarkable differences between the instructions for reviewers of journals of different rank.	4
The RN is a recently formed health-related disciplinary network funded since 2012 by the Fonds de recherche du Québec-Santé (FRQS) [Quebec's government health-research funding agency], the Ministry of Health and Social Services, and various university partners.	2
The goal of this study was to perform a retrospective analysis of publication patterns in Central Asian countries between 1996 and 2014 and provide a foundation for improving publication productivity in the region.	1
Price capping of funds and distributed funding models may increase the sustainability of these funds in the future.	5
Our results suggest that East German dissertation title topics in the field of economics and business administration are significantly more different before reunification than thereafter.	5
The WEKA logistic regression function is a class for building and using a multinomial logistic regression model with a ridge estimator, and is a modified version of the class described by le Cessie and van Houwelingen (1992).	3
Analysis of the best-worst choices is based on Random Utility Theory.	3
we also compare the results based on JUFO levels with those based on the WoS-based Top10 index (the AKA bibliometric indicator).	3
University of Toronto Press, 2024 Journal of Scholarly Publishing October 2024	0
Major findings reveal that performance of JOC in cryptographic research corresponds precisely to the growth of world’s publication activity (activity index = 1.1) over a decade of time; single-authored papers count only 25 % and average authorship accounts for 2.4 per paper; an increasing trend of multi-authored publications and a significant degree of collaboration (DC = 0.74) implies that cryptographers prefer to work in highly collaborative manner; author productivity distribution data partially fits the Lotka’s law, when the value of a (productivity parameter) approximated to 2.35 (instead of 2) and the number of articles does not exceed two.	4
It is argued that clusters of co-cited authors cannot be interpreted straightforwardly as scientific communities nor as scientific generations.	4
The mean number of citations for the top 150 articles was 76 (range 40–424), with articles on the list published between 1946 (Cecil et al., Journal of Urology) [13] and 2010 (Toppari et al., Birth Defects Res A) [14].	4
Rejections of good-quality papers without peer review because of editorial pre-assessment appears be the rule, not the exception.	5
In short, implementation of the HEFCE policy, which included a fully mediated service, has resulted, on one hand, in increased deposit rates and higher compliance and, on the other, in increased staffing within the Library.	4
The professional decision-making in research (PDR) is a scenario-based measure that operationalizes professional decision-making in research through the assessment of the following four reasoning strategies: (1) considering consequences and rules, (2) seeking help, (3) managing emotions, and (4) questioning personal assumptions and motives.	3
Thirty OMFS related journals were identified as relevant to this study.	2
Note that, although the number of citations is significantly different in some cases, the values of h do not differ.	4
The consequences of this neglect are seen in the paltry submissions to it during its four years of existence.	4
The results of this study showed that all bibliometric parameters assessed were strongly correlated with academic rank.	5
The Spearman rank correlation statistic between the 48 publishers ranked in Garand and Giles (2011) that are also listed in table 3 is .42, which is not particularly strong.	4
The share of international co-authorship is calculated as the percentage of articles per year with two or more authors and with two or more countries in the address field.	3
The bias of the WoS database towards English-language journals, especially in the social sciences and humanities (Mongeon and Paul-Hus 2016; Archambault et al.	5
For the majority of companies, more than half of citations in their patents are authored by public research.	4
I extracted the information on co-publications from the Thomson-Reuters Web of Science database.	2
Our data consisted of a corpus of abstracts of articles published in the Reports column of the Science journal.	2
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=hebh20	0
We also designed a regression model to identify the predictor role of the considered independent variables.	3
By applying that future impact model to 762 careers drawn from three disciplines: physics, biology, and mathematics, we identify a number of subtle, but critical, flaws in current models.	1
The entrepreneurship journals, except SBE, have especially low percentages.	4
For further discussion of this measure see [5, 6, 24, 32, 58].	0
We identified 100 top-cited articles published in 6 EM journals, led by Annals of Emergency Medicine (65) and American Journal of Emergency Medicine (15).	4
Values of examined indices were presented as mean ± standard deviation (SD) unless otherwise indicated.	0
Our study was guided by one major objective, which was to analyze the "Web presence and visibility" of Sri Lankan state universities to identify vital Webometric indicators for maintaining higher rankings in WRWU and to identify the readiness of Sri Lankan state universities for WRWU.	1
We sorted three ranks of the top 50 institutions in the NI China based on citation counts in Scopus, reader counts on Mendeley, and Twitter counts and we analyzed the differences among various ranking</TECHNIQUE> results.	3
We extract data on the Italian faculty from the database on university personnel, maintained by the Italian Ministry of Education, Universities, and Research.	2
(Tables D and E in the appendix provide the expected values of the frequencies under each of the estimates.)	0
The following journals were identified: Community Dental Health, Community Dentistry and Oral Epidemiology, International Journal of Dental Hygiene, Journal of Public Health Dentistry, and Oral Health & Preventive Dentistry.	2
327), bibliometric methods like RPYS are no substitute for extensive reading and fine-grained content analysis, if someone is truly interested in the intellectual history of a field.	5
In this paper, we examine how a near-duplicate copy of a 2004 paper published in a leading plant science and biotechnology Springer Nature journal, In Vitro Cellular and Developmental Biology—Plant, was corrected, rather than retracted.	1
Table 1 shows the bibliographic data of seven selected STEM librarianship journals gathered from the three popular scholarly publishing resources: (1) Ulrichsweb, (2) Journal Citation Report (JCR), and (3) Cabell's Scholarly Analytics (Cabell's Directories of Publishing).	2
In contrast, the paper by Boyack et al.	4
The template consists of 100 features grouped into two sections – general and specific:	3
However, the small sample size (particularly in the retracted paper group) did not permit strong conclusions to be drawn regarding these trends.	0
Literature information was obtained from MEDLINE, a biomedical literature database in which each paper is assigned a PubMedID (PMID) number.	2
Table 4 shows the results in terms of the main topics of the papers.	0
The plagiarism was the most common reason for retraction (31%), followed by repetitive publication (26%), and errors in data/manuscript (24%).	4
IREF, as a new addition to the SSCI in 2009, had an impact factor of 1.704 in 2014, which is 5th among the major finance journals in Table 6.	4
In this study, dependence on external knowledge is measured by the sum of forward citations.	3
In a small sample, the interval of the possible error must be large.)	0
Mexican tweets focused on basic food products in street markets, whereas Korean tweets highlighted promotions and firms, revealing the corporatist structure of its economy.	4
More work should be done to achieve better visibility of EM journals.	5
The study focuses on West Africa, a sub-region with an estimated population of 314 million (UNDESA 2011) and comprising sixteen countries (Benin, Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, C?te d'Ivoire, Gambia, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea Bissau, Liberia, Mali, Mauritania, Niger, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Togo).	1
We shall return to the question of whether this halt in the downward trend is likely to continue or is merely a temporary phenomenon.	0
Directly approaching previous recipients may be a more accurate method to gauge publication rates and provide funding bodies with accurate information on the outcomes from receipt of a scholarship.	5
Our analyses are based on publications from the WoS citation database.	2
The authors thank Ignacio Bergillos and Iván Bort for their assistance in access and extraction of the articles from journals.	0
The literature search was conducted in the Journal Citation Index (JCR) and the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) databases of the Web of Science (WoS) by Clarivate Analytics, between October and November 2016.	2
The citation counts compiled through Google Scholar searches are closely aligned with those reported by Scopus (r = 0.97).	4
To conclude, this study aims to help researchers to select appropriate free bibliographic data sources for citation-based studies on PubMed.	5
The key word analysis provides a better grasp of trends and hotspots in coastal flooding research.	5
Five quarterly samples were taken from December 2011 to December 2012 in a unique attempt, which sum 191,858 unique profiles.	2
Based on the above basic data, the gALM for the PLoS Biology is visualized by an online tool Science Navigation Map, SNM3 as shown in Fig.	3
T = total number of academics by area/university; I % = percentage of Inbred academics	0
We assess the scholarly impact of economics institutions based on the editorial boards of 211 economics journals (which include 8640 editorial board members) in the ABS Academic Journal Guide.	1
This interview study explores how highly cited research is created by using narrative methods.	3
Within 7 years after papers from the Journal of Biological Chemistry were published, the overall differences in citations of papers in different groups were statistically significant (P < 0.05); thereafter, the differences were not statistically significant.	4
Major frameworks for evaluating STI which have been developed by aforementioned organizations are presented below.	0
On the basis of bibliometric data, the study shows that the BRI considerably widens the existing gender gap in researcher performance, since men on average receive more BRI points for their publications than women.	4
The advantage of the proposal is its effectiveness in rapidly achieving what competitive systems have produced over the span of decades.	5
1 No examination is performed here with regard to the variety of these indicators and their strengths and weaknesses.	0
For the analysis of the bibliometric data extracted from Scopus, R Studio was employed, utilizing specialized packages such as bibliometric.	3
Data for the 480 researchers, representing 12 selected areas of medical sciences, were derived from the Scopus database.	2
We also considered the situation in only four countries: Italy, Sweden, the UK and the USA.	1
The proposed framework enabled the categorization of computer scientists into three groups, i.e., Category-A, Category-B, and Category-C, each having distinct discriminating features.	5
It should be said that although greater network size is desirable, the quality of the individuals, in terms of power or performance, is crucial for social capital.	0
The confidence intervals for the geometric means (Fig.	4
The proposed framework provides a data-driven and systematic way of managing scientific journals, allowing journal management to make informed decisions that contribute to the growth of knowledge; this framework, only if practical and feasible, can be suggested to journals' managements.	0
The workflow of our in-house editing team depicts an implementable and practical model system for providing quality manuscript editing service by combining personalized editorial assistance by in-house editors and targeted quality control of external editing service providers.	5
They reflect in the set of values enacted, including methodical rigour, representativeness, innovativeness, responsiveness and usability/applicability, along with an attachment to forests as shared and connective subject of concern.	4
In foreign journal publications the count were 5.36 and 5.16 respectively; i.e.	4
Descriptive statistics were used to analyze the data.	3
So, for example, the authors of a paper might be cited as Jones AB (0.5), Smith CD (0.25) and Brown FA (0.25) delineating their fractional contributions to the paper, but totaling one paper.	3
Twenty-two participants were recruited from a wide range of academic disciplines, including three from the field of pure sciences, six from medicine and health science, two from the field of applied science, one each from engineering, education, information technology, philosophy, and accounting, four from the social sciences, and two with a legal background.	2
This is of course not the only task of the mathematician reviewer.	0
First, individuals who excelled in teenage years are especially capable of advancing the knowledge frontier.	4
The commonest study type was retrospective cohort and Turkey was the top source of submissions.	4
*"For unto every one that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance: but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath" (Gospel according to St.	0
The research performance of IISERs is also compared with the Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru and the Indian Institute of Technology system to obtain an assessment of their research potential.	1
On average, non-indexed OA journals published significantly fewer papers per year, had cheaper fees, and were more recently established than indexed journals.	4
The bibliometric evolution of a leading ENT journal over a six year period is discussed with critical analysis of a predetermined set of bibliometric alternatives to the journal impact factor.	1
In order to reveal the development process of platform research, we conducted an evolution analysis by using the timezone view function in CiteSpace.	3
The graphical analysis uses bibliographic coupling, co-citation, citation, co-authorship and co-occurrence of keywords.	3
A network analysis approach was used to identify certain aspects regarding the diffusion of pharmaceutical innovations, including innovation attributes, adopter characteristics, and clustering.	3
The overall mean (SD) scores of the three attitude components namely permissive, critical and submissive norms were 37.56 (5.25), 20.35 (4.20) and 31.20 (4.28) respectively, corresponding to the moderate category.	4
Of the total 247 e-theses repositories, almost two-thirds (159) is of a multidisciplinary nature, followed by 33 of them under general technology and 29 covers health and medicine (Figure 4).	4
Yet, even though justification strategies might seem to address the same issues in grant proposals across the disciplines under investigation, the normative framework to which applicants refer differs according to the applicant's epistemic culture.	4
A majority of OAMJ publishers described a 'distributed', 'flat', or 'federated' editorial structure utilizing large numbers of academic editors - typically active researchers - who are assigned editorial responsibility for submissions in their area of expertise.	4
They evaluated it as part of the regular double-blind peer-review process and submitted a recommendation with a standardized reviewing form.	3
We call the set of journals above the straight line the hjif-core.	3
Early adopters of Chinese patents were mainly universities within the national sector, while early adopters of U.S. patents were academic institutions and large international pharmaceutical corporations of balanced quantity, contributing a higher degree of technology convergence.	4
During the period from November 2021 to January 2023 we interviewed 33 researchers in the humanities from six European countries (Belgium, Czech Republic, Lithuania, the Netherlands, Switzerland, and the UK).	2
For the conference papers, there is a linear trend; for journal papers, the trend appears to be a logarithmic.	4
This paper proposes a control model for constructing an objective quality assessment of the scientific and technical documents in natural languages to be based on the computational search and analysis of the content-related contexts of the analyzed documents.	1
The proportion of documents that received at least one citation was higher in OA (50.2%) compared with subscription journals (44.4%), but the difference was not statistically significant.	4
Our main concern is that the attribution philosophy of the SNSF and funding bodies in general, either project-based or career-based, is often not well known amongst researchers and career evaluation committees in universities.	5
Following the same line, the present work examines the gap in Spain between practitioners and academics which, along with international isolation, is reducing the critical mass of creative interactions.	1
When HARKing involves question trolling, which consists of searching through data involving several different constructs, measures of those constructs, interventions, or relationships to find seemingly notable results worth writing about, HARKing produces substantial upward bias particularly when it is prevalent and there are many effects from which to choose.	4
An aggregated journal-journal citation matrix of 10,675 journals was constructed with a grand total of 35,295,459 citations over the entire matrix, which was subsequently normalized in the citing direction.	2
In “Literature review” section, we provide an overview of relevant studies of editorial boards and discuss key findings on editorial board characteristics.	0
it is shifted to the right in relation to them), and the AJG distribution dominates the CNRS and PL distributions.	4
The sample used in the following econometric analysis consists of individuals who, according to the RePEc Genealogy project, graduated between the years of 2005 and 2010.	2
Transcripts were translated into English for all non-English-speaking countries and manually coded using a heuristic approach and a standardized thematic framework (http:// ciber-research.eu/download/20160916-Harbingers-research_ instruments.pdf).	3
The uneven representation could be due to gaps in research activity, to obstacles in submission or both.	5
Errors of prediction progressively increase as the target year moves further ahead, remaining mostly positive and implying overestimation for researchers whose h in 2001 was greater than 4 (one of the conditions for application of the equations); in contrast, the sign of the errors seems progressively more balanced for researchers whose h in 2001 was below the limit for application of the equations.	4
Furthermore, authors do not appear to 'shop around' based on OA price.	4
This study was performed through scientometrics and bibliometrics.	3
Organizational factors, including historical development path, resource distribution pattern, and incentive scheme, are crucial in shaping and maintaining these divergent logics.	4
The obtained themes were categorized according to the specific objectives and research questions.	0
In conclusion, our work provides evidence of how competition can shape the incentives of both creators and reviewers involved in a peer review system, thereby altering its outcomes.	5
Controlling for the most relevant individual characteristics, we find that (i) PhD holders moving to the industry sector are more likely to have a LinkedIn account and to have a larger network of connections in LinkedIn; (ii) PhD holders are more likely to use LinkedIn if they have co-authors abroad; and (iii) they have wider networks if they have moved abroad after obtaining their PhD.	4
Despite the widespread use of this critical resource, it is difficult to increase blood cell numbers outside of the body.	1
We found that an OA requirement allowing unconditional opt-out generates a higher deposit rate than an OA requirement allowing only a conditional opt-out (Figure 10).	4
The present investigation into predatory publications reveals a troubling trend in Pakistan's academic field, specifically in the Physical Education and Sports Sciences (PESS) disciplines.	5
The graph also shows the number and publication patterns based on document type and total documents over the years.	0
If the overall differences were statistically significant, we analyzed the difference between any two groups by the Nemenyi test.	3
Among the top 10 most prolific authors and institutions, 4 authors and 4 institutions were from Taiwan, 3 authors and 4 institutions were from mainland China, and 3 authors and 2 institutions were from Hong Kong.	4
In terms of publications, Thompson Reuters Web of Science provides information on scientific articles (date of publication, journal name, authors, co-authors, citations, and authors’ affiliations).	2
Only 614 articles were published in 2014, giving a publication per capita of 2.1 for any authorship, and 0.3 for first and last authorship positions.	4
We used VOSviewer (https://www.vosviewer.com) to parse the abstracts of our dataset.	3
VOSviewer data visualization tool was used to perform citation, coauthorship, bibliographic coupling, cocitation and co-occurrence analysis.	3
From 2000 to 2015, the top 1% extended its citation share from 14.7 to 19.6% in fractional counts (relative increase = 33%) and from 14.1 to 21% in full counts (relative increase = 49%).	4
This manuscript is important to Research Evaluation as a demonstration of ways in which existing data can be modeled to evaluate new policy, in the absence of a control group, forming a quasi-experimental design to infer causality when evaluating federal policy.	5
The authors downloaded information from Web of Science about the articles published from 2000 to 2012 in the 24 UTD journals (Collaboration, n.d.).	2
The thematic analysis of the invitation e-mails revealed several recurring patterns and persuasive strategies that may potentially mislead researchers unfamiliar with predatory publishing practices.	4
Comparing the two groups, we find near misses outperformed narrow wins significantly, by a factor of 21% (x2-test p-value < 0.001, odds ratio = 1.25).	4
The weight, considering the dimension of productivity in each SDA, shows that the academic average educational productivity counts for 85 % of all of the productive activity of a researcher, followed by scientific productivity of the first (12 %) and second type (3 %) and, lastly, external productivity (0.3 %) (see Table 20).	4
Therefore, the final search terms were: TS = ('animal welfare' OR 'animal wellbeing' OR 'animal well-being') OR TS = ('welfare' OR 'wellbeing' OR 'well-being') AND TS = (‘cattle' OR 'cow' OR 'calves' OR 'pig' OR 'piglet' OR 'chicken' OR 'chick' OR 'hen' OR 'duck' OR 'fish' OR 'fur production' OR 'horse' OR 'rabbit' OR 'dog' OR 'cat' OR 'sheep' OR 'goat' OR 'mice' OR 'mouse' OR 'rat'), enacted on 10/4/2018.	2
Three authors reviewed full texts of the retrieved articles.	3
Finally, the extent to which these views represent an acclimatisation to change or a repackaged continuation of previous practices.	1
Female scholars were found to limit continuity for the collaboration pair.	4
While Science assigns one DOI to an entire supplement, Nature assigns DOI at article level.	4
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
1 Which of the six standard article sections (Introduction, Background, Methods, Discussion, Results and Conclusion) generate substantial numbers of citations in each broad field?	1
A mixed methods approach was applied, namely, analysis of usage and subscription data provided by ProQuest, a survey of ASFA worldwide subscribers, and interviews with aquatic science librarians employed in institutions in numerous countries.	3
A specific type of authorship fraud – gift authorship – was perceived to be the most prevalent overall.	4
In this study we propose a new factor, topic growth, that no previous study has studied empirically.	1
5, we note that the selected Finance journals have the highest aggregated APRI and the second highest aggregated citation percentage of the nine business disciplines.	4
Residents should ask their program directors or designated institutional official in their organization for their policies for funding open-access publishing costs.	5
The median IF of IF-rated journals used is 2.06 (2013 values; range: 0.22–39.21), rising from 1.56 in 1981 -82 to 2.23 in 2011–12.	4
Both China and Russia paid great attention to S&T development for the fulfillment of the objective of innovation generation, accounting for 43–47% among all policy goals between them.	4
Since UG medical research is being given more importance these days for various reasons, and research has almost become inevitable in a medical graduate's life, we recommend that formal training programs on research methodology and ethics be incorporated in the medical curriculum.	5
A total of 28 shoulder and elbow training programs with a total of 43 fellowship positions were included for analysis, and a total of 84 surgeons were identified as fellowship faculty.	2
The results show the strong growth of Buildings over time and that researchers from all over the world are attracted by the journal.	4
DOI (if DOI is not available the title is recorded).	3
More surprisingly, the presence of emerging technological ideas in a publication has a greater impact on subsequent research outside the domain where the paper belongs – i.e., research addressing emerging technological ideas has greater cross-domain impacts.	4
A strategic diagram analysis was conducted to visualize clusters across the entire research field.	3
The authors greatly appreciate the technical support of Peng Shi, Yingni Zou, and Ying Pan.	0
To deal with the varying age of articles and their corresponding variation in potential to be cited, we used the Thomson-Reuters “highly-cited” approach of picking the top fractile of most cited publications of all the publications in a given year (Thomson Reuters, 2014).	3
In the guidelines, 86.2% of references were original articles, reviews represent 9.49% of references which include sufficient publication data, 3.73% of cited articles are books, and 3.39% of references are guidelines.	4
Ultimately, 422,101 research articles and 50,556 patents related to stem cells were retrieved.	2
Received: 29 July 2022 Revised: 18 October 2022 Accepted: 2 December 2022	0
With an adequate removing operation, the F score reaches a peak of 80.87%.	4
This is in line with the findings of a recent report by Adams, Pendlebury, Rogers, and Szomszor [23], which indicated that the growth rate of publications indexed in SCIE, SSCI, AHCI for Vietnam is the highest among 14 South and Southeast Asian countries during the period 1981–2018.	0
To this end, a number of researchers have come together to explore this question.	0
Articles with impact factors made up 36 % of all articles, with South Africa producing the highest proportion of such articles (67.9 %) as well as the highest average impact factor (Table 1), followed by Nigeria (39.6 %) and Uganda (12.4 %).	4
Thus, this paper, largely meant to be an opinion piece, has laid the ground for future systematic research on the part of the Harbingers group.	5
For measures of globalization, we include the KOF Swiss Economics Institute's Globalization Index (Dreher 2006; Gygli et al.	2
aIn total, 16 articles had a PlumX score of 0, because they did not have a score on Scopus at the time of this study.	0
Statistical analysis was carried out with SPSS Statistics (IBM, Armonk, New York, USA).	3
In this study, Stata15 was used in the analysis for data description and regression.	3
The China-Africa collaboration has risen annually, starting with merely hundreds of documents in 2006 and increasing to more than 2000 by 2016 (Table 1).	4
As both login demographics and interdisciplinary use are collected, correlated evidence of patterns of use emerge, resulting in a more accurate picture of activity.	5
This study relied on data from Scopus database published from 1 January 2003 till 31 December 2012.	2
Additionally, what are the differences between these preferences?	1
2006; Zhong and Yang 2007; Zhou et al.	5
We take the interdisciplinarity of scientific papers as the independent variable.	3
Each country needs research with the proper bias in the various fields of science and technology to achieve development and continuity of its growth.	0
The research consisted of repeated ethnographic observations of publication ethics meetings, including the Forum meetings, annual seminars, Council meetings and strategy days organized by the Committee.	2
Further, we enquired if economic attributes such as the Coefficient of National Innovation Capacity (NIC) were associated with the reported available resources and research output factors (publications and collaborations) of FAW research.	1
For each institute, patents were identified (EPO or PCT applications) that were applied for in the last 10 years (between 2001 and 2011) and that contained one or more references to prior art (patent or non-patent references).	2
We conclude that the choice of background data sets is the source of a majority of differences we observed in the categories demonstrating the highest hit rates, although our sampling approach, most notably sampling from a multiset so as to reflect the observed frequencies of individual citations as well as their associated journals and disciplines, can also create material differences.	5
At the 5 annual CCC scientific conferences between 2006 and 2010, 3565 abstracts were presented, from a total of 4465 abstract submissions (79.8% acceptance rate).	4
Finally, since solid waste is a multidisciplinary science, research teams in engineering, health, toxicology, environment, geology and others must be formulated to produce research in solid waste from different scientific aspects.	5
Overall, academic dermatologists have a median mean RCR value greater than the NIH benchmark value of 1.00, suggesting that their publications are more impactful compared to those published by the general scientific community.	4
The RG of very high rank journals reveal an effort to increase the capability to publish important contributions, while avoiding the so-called publication bias.	5
about 6 months (from the beginning of April to the end of September).	0
The search term was limited to include only articles between 2008 and 2018 across all countries and all journals.	2
The H-Classics analysis was realized based on academic publications related to consumer neuroscience, neuromarketing, and neuroaesthetics.	2
A trend in the development of the service was to add specialties that cater to interests of HEP, although the growth of the system has stretched to other communities.	0
We performed a search of journals and selected 100 top-cited articles by utilizing the Institute for Scientific Information database available under the banner of the Web of Science.	2
In summary, the SNA approach is a powerful decision making support tool to inform educational management at various organizational levels (department, institution, country, and region).	5
Levels of interreferee agreement (intraclass correlations) on various criteria applied to the evaluation	0
The average COVID-19 impact ratio was 3.84 (range, 0.26-16.58) for 197 journals that recorded the JIF for 2020.	4
The Web of Science (WoS) data managed by Clarivate Analytics (https://apps.webofknowledge.com/) is used for the study and the choice of data is arbitrary.	2
To clarify, “citation” in this work is the sum of the citations in every published work (reported in WoS citations database as above introduced) during the first three years (i.e., 2012, 2013, and 2014) after the publication year (i.e., 2011) of the original communication.	0
See Supplementary Table 2 for the full references corresponding to each guidance number.	0
Our analyses aim to explain factors which render journals more or less likely to engage in JIF-inflating self-citation patterns.	1
The research impact of editors-in-chief was assessed using the H-index provided by the Web of Science database and calculated based on the list of publications ranked in descending order by the times cited, in which the value of h is equal to the number of papers (N) in the list that have N or more citations.	3
What was the growth rate of publications in Industry 4.0 published by Vietnamese affiliated authors, and how does this compare to other Southeast Asian countries and to the world?	1
Results: Scholar rankings per h-index changed when ranked by other metrics revealing more uniqueness beyond the impact of their scholarship.	4
In addition, this study used detailed descriptive analyses to compare open and closed access journals in terms of the number of authors, references, and citations.	3
For physics researchers, the results indicate that significant differences among the 39 universities indeed exist at the 99% confidence level, which suggests that the extent of CPD varies by university.	4
Calculate other citation metrics of FIC publications (i-10, h-index over the study period).	1
For the analysis and the interpretation of the interview data Atlas.ti software was used.	3
The study constitutes an inquiry into the role of coauthorship in the academic organization of publishing.	1
In conclusion, we found that the publication quantity has been increasing at a sharp slope rate over the last twenty years, which indicates that both veterinary education research and veterinary communication research have been in growing stages, and will attract increased attention in the future.	5
As a surrogate for years in practice, the year of initial American Board of Surgery certification was obtained from the American Board of Surgery website (http://www.absurgery.org).	3
RQ3: Which types (fields, reason for existence) of large publishing consortia exist?	1
The verification of the sentiments expressed in the retraction notices showed that they were mostly negative (45.13%), followed by neutral polarity (35.40%) (Table 1, 1st row).	4
The second addressed the factors influencing unethical behaviour, both external and internal to the researchers.	4
Our results show that a stratified system in terms of bibliometric performance exists in all macro fields of science, and it is as strong as fields’ stratification by academic age.	5
The survey was adapted and translated from a survey tool administered by Pearson and the Babson Survey Research Group to faculty staff in the USA (Moran, Seaman, & Tinti-Kane, 2012).	3
The articles' country of origin has become increasingly centralised, with nearly half the articles published between 2018 and 2022 coming from China (39%) and the United States (10%).	4
First, journal articles included come from Scopus-listed journals published from 1989 to 2018.	2
The United States, China, and England are the top three countries.	4
We use all papers published between 1991 and 2014 because, the number of articles with text in the abstract is substantial only after 1991 and because, at the time we started our analysis, 2014 was the last complete year available to us.	2
As a result, only 88 universities with faculties of education were included in this study and the number of faculty staff was taken as the basis for the calculations.	2
The journal with the highest number of top 100 cited articles was Annals of Emergency Medicine, with 65 (Table 2) followed by The American Journal of Emergency Medicine, with 15.	4
To what extent do researchers believe there is a need for increased formal training in open access?	1
The altmetric data include the Altmetric Attention Score and number of tweeters, which are used to measure social buzz about the articles in the dataset.	3
Many other bibliometric indicators exist whose features address the IF’s flaws.	5
Therefore, authors of journal ranking studies are recommended to use multiple versions of the survey instrument with randomized journal orders.	5
the proportion of journals and articles that contained a given type of error) across different disciplines.	3
The metaknowledge network generators make extensive use of the Python package networkx (Hagberg, Schult, & Swart, 2008).	3
Ironically, then, ECRs could be facing a world in which the metrics-worries is increased by having to score well in both traditional and altmetric terms.	5
Based on a unique dataset of scientific publications related to pharmaceutical research and applying social network analysis, we find that both the number of countries and their connectivity increase in almost all disease group specific networks.	4
Since 2016 China has produced more annual papers than the US and India recently passed UK and Germany in total paper numbers to move to third in the world (NSB 2020).	4
Of the top general neurology Neurology published the most child neurology-based articles, while Epilepsia published the most child neurology-based articles out of neurology subspecialty journals.	4
The DoFA method enables the analysis and summarization of qualitative data in a systematic way, but effort is required to identify pedagogical principles or educational theories with which decision options can be evaluated for their alignment.	5
In general, the cancer research network shows topical consistency and continuity and there are no independent clusters with divisible topics which demonstrate the continuity of the published researches on cancer in this base during the study period.	5
The current study showed that stress, depression, and anxiety were the main focus of mental health research on university students in the Arab region.	5
The bibliometric values by academic rank can be seen in Figure 1 and Table 3.	0
This error typology is represented by the simultaneous presence in the database of two distinct records concerning the same paper.	4
In this study, we aimed to describe and analyse the Altmetric data of all dental literature to find the most important and effective Altmetric factors.	1
The top 100 (and tied) authors in the 115 disciplines were retrieved and formed 115 pairs of author groups, for a total of 26,969 records in the two databases.	2
The results of all models indicate that population has a highly significant positive impact on the likelihood of having a first laser patent.	4
Second, government funding for scholars' research can act as a value signal, triggering the firm's impulse to privatize high-value scientific discoveries.	5
These results were not unexpected and in accordance with findings by Belew (2005) and Pauly and Stergiou (2005).	0
The median (IQR [range]) proportion of citations made by the same journal that published the items (i.e.	4
For the analysis, the statistical package SPSS version 20.0 was used.	3
The results show that despite its short history, Neotropical Ichthyology has exhibited a distinctive impact, as manifested in a significant progression in the IF of this journal in the field of zoology during the investigated period.	4
The (rational) successive g-index of a department is a second order g-index, calculated on the basis of all individual g-scores of the staff members of a department.	3
Results in Table 2 show that question trolling can lead to substantial overestimates of the population effect, but in al- most three quarters of the question trolling scenarios shown in this table, this questionable research practice leads to bias that is less than 0.10 correlation units.	4
Moreover, males are more active and visible on the international collaboration side, while females are more active on the national side of collaboration.	4
“Balance” can be measured using the Gini coefficient.	3
The primary objectives of the study include (a) determination of research productivity of the department; (b) ranking of faculty members based on their research productivity; (c) identification of percentage of articles without citations and altmetric attention scores; and (d) finding the correlation between the altmetric attention scores and citations/increased citations.	1
The leading countries based on the overall top papers produced were Saudi Arabia, followed by Iran, Turkey, Malaysia, Pakistan and Egypt.	4
Bibliometric analysis of research output is only one measure of the relative decline of research and scholarship at many African universities.	3
Two propositions are examined with reference to the top 300 papers in economics journals in terms of citations as reported by RePec.	1
Our study identifies a small core of journals for the various forms of learning research meaning that the research community is multi-disciplinary and has not yet coalesced into learning as a focal field.	5
Special thanks go to Rafael Encinas de Mu?agorri for his generosity and support in accessing documentation on the early development of research misconduct regulation.	0
In conclusion, for all the mentioned years s it would have taken several years until one could have detected by means of the h-index that I had completely stopped publishing.	4
Our findings show that at every career level and within each discipline, women were under-represented in academic positions compared to men and an even lower percentage of women published at each academic level than were employed at that level.	4
Then VOSviewer and bibliometric analysis using R with an inbuilt utility Biblioshiny were used together for co-word analysis, co-citation network analysis, generating collaboration networks and also generating a unique three-field plot to analyze the evolution of a research field</PROBLEM_OR_APPLICATION>.	3
We believe the radiology field should be more supportive of OA publishing.	5
The faculty members were selected from the science and engineering (S&E) departments of the sample institutions.	2
In order to obtain the normalized citation index (NCI), we divided the citation average of the country in the period (obtained by the ratio between the total citations and total of documents) by the citation global average in the group (obtained by the ratio between the total of citations received by the 13 countries and the total of documents published by these countries, from 2000 to 2009).	3
We have checked for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient (PCC) between the weights and the total preferability to see whether there is a significant linear relationship among them.	3
In seeking this stringency, we should at the same time be realistic, acknowledge limitations in quantifying social measurement, and avoid suffering from what has been called 'physics envy' [35].	5
Received: 11 March 2022 / Accepted: 10 February 2023 / Published online: 27 February 2023	0
We retrieved 3,079 articles, from which 1,749 articles and 8,284 key words were identified after screening.	2
The giant cluster in cancer research collaboration in India is of functional size, and the network operates well within the percolating regime.	5
Research area analysis content allows the distinguishing of several major sub-topics present in research: energetic aspects, coal chemistry, environmental issues, technology of processing and other engineering sciences, with the most frequent one related to energy (43.5%).	4
Scientists have contributed to their discipline, community, and society for several decades, yielding scholastic publications.	0
We used the Cochran–Armitage test for all trend analyses.	3
We analyzed 3012 Cuban articles on Natural Sciences that received 17,295 citations.	2
2014 ASIS&T Published online 10 April 2014 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
Ultimately, this validation will hinge upon empirical data relating the output of funded projects to the predictions implicit in the overall scientific merit scores from the peer review of submitted applications.	1
The results reveal that EduSys (p<0.01), MathSci (p<0.05), and ManSch (p<0.01) have a significant positive relationship with AccPub.	4
A total of 2967 articles were included in the study.	4
Acta Orthopaedica et Traumatologica Turcica (AOTT) is a valuable platform for researchers worldwide to share their work and advance orthopedic knowledge.	5
During the past 10 years (from 2009 to 2018), 66,296 papers on the subject of "earthquake" are collected from WOS, including 54,049 journal articles, accounting for 81.53% of all papers, and 12,247 proceeding papers, accounting for 18.47%.	4
I examine articles and reviews published in 24 journals considered key in the field of higher education found by Lovakov et al.	2
In the case of structural equation modeling, China occupied the third place with 2.82 citations per paper, surpassed by Singapore (3.79) and South Korea (3.15).	4
For example, the research techniques available for researchers to choose to practice—such as the capability to do ethnographic fieldwork, or to be an environmental economist.	0
For example, impact factors, h-indices, granting outcomes, and reference letters are repeatedly shown to present biases against women (see our review in Table 1).	0
Author Contributions: Yipeng Lv, Bihan Tang, and Xu Liu contributed equally to this work.	0
True positives (TP) = Count(f(x) = 1 and y = 1)	0
A total of 25 497 articles and 3668 reviews were obtained.	2
The network density was .606, 60.6 % of the possible links among the universities were present, far higher than the figure obtained by Seeber et al.	4
The findings of the interviews as represented by themes that were generated do provide some corroboration of the results of the survey.	5
3 shows higher proportions of spillover publications for diabetes and breast cancer (77% and 73%) than for Chagas disease and malaria (62% and 60%).	4
Among the studied h-type indices, the revised development was found comparatively more meaningful with a less statistical error.	5
Thus, the data we curated from the US News Global Ranking of Universities are similar to those from the SRC Subject Rankings 2022 (refs 1, 2).	5
The Request Management System (RMS) is an informatics infrastructure designed to transform a patchwork of expertise and resources into an integrated support network.	3
Literature-related discovery (LRD) is the linking of two or more literature concepts that have heretofore not been linked (i.e., disjoint), in order to produce novel, interesting, and intelligible knowledge (i.e., potential discovery).	1
Data Availability Data generated for this work is available via this link: DOI https://doi.org/10.17605/OSF.IO/TY69Z.	0
If an author was recorded as having an affiliation to institutions in more than one country, the first quoted was chosen.	0
The questionnaire was open between 30 July and 20 September 2020.	2
With the application of this method, a user of the Leiden Ranking can, for example, avoid over-interpreting minimal differences between universities.	5
Thus, the aim of this paper is to investigate the role of both interest-based and cultural reasons for the support of metrics.	1
To simplify the analysis, the subject sample size was fixed at 5000 for the world set and 500 for the subgroup for three of the five parameter sets (i.e., a 10% subgroup).	2
The results were generally in accordance with the historical overviews of science historians.	0
There are no differences in average core stability between the natural and technical sciences and the social sciences and humanities.	4
Bohannon (2016) wanted to answer three questions: “who are Sci-Hub’s users, where are they, and what are they reading?”	1
The trends show an absolute different reality than the one shown in Figures 1 and 2.	0
The data shows that the largest amount of citations from the faculty are journal articles, followed by books, book chapters, Web sites and government publications.	4
The objective of this study was to determine whether the RCR correlates with academic rank, gender, and PhD degree status among US academic orthopedic surgeons.	1
From now on, we call it Economics and Statistics to be consistent with the official label by ANVUR.	0
All of them gave their consent to participate in the study.	0
We conclude that careful specification of the econometric model is as crucial as careful data set construction in identifying the effect of journal access on citations.	5
The sustainable development of human beings as well as international politics, economy, military, science and technology activities will depend more and more on ocean.	0
Information pertaining to the cities enacting the policy and inception dates were sourced from government portals, including China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.	2
Stratified random sampling was applied for the quantitative part of the study, which is a random method in which the entire population was divided into smaller groups that don't overlap but represent the entire population, to ensure that every section is adequately represented (Taherdoost, 2016).	3
Less than 0.5% of the 2,655 total journals cited are Zone 1 journals, with a very heavy concentration of citations in just 10 journals in this subject area.	4
We retrieved a total of 6,229,001 Web of Science-indexed (WoS) papers published between 2016 and 2018 from the CWTS in-house database, and searched their scholarly tweets recorded by Altmetric.com until October 2019.	2
Whether they also obtain excellent citation metrics remains unclear.	1
The second element of the sociometric analysis, based on cocitation networks, captures the frequency with which two documents are cited by the same subsequent work (Small, 1973).	3
We contribute to this line of enquiry by studying the distribution of reputation among scientists working in teams and engaged in the “simultaneous disclosure" of scientific and commercial knowledge, by means, respectively, of publications and patents (Gans et al., 2011).	1
Various data mining method terms were observed in recent LIS publications, such as machine learning, artificial intelligence and neural networks.	4
For citation analysis, the cut-off date was December 31, 2022.	2
For the different policies towards the use of different versions of publication dates, we recommend that both Scopus and WoSCC use the official publication dates consistently to avoid the occurrence of records in one volume but belonging to different publication years.	5
We established the list of French dental master theses defended in 2010 thanks to the listing of the SuDoc2.	2
We extracted 233,586 non-distinct cited references from the 4,340 publications.	2
The main objective of the present research work is to analyze the MMM applied to the Spanish university system (SUS) and the propagation of its consequences.	1
In order to control Type I error, a Bonferroni correction was used for the Mann-Whitney U tests.	3
We tackle this question with a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of 57 disciplines, examining the publications of more than 5 million authors whose careers started between 1986 and 2008.	1
Bibliometric and citation data from 485,041 research articles, proceeding papers, and reviews published in AI between 1990 and 2010 were collected initially.	2
Regression analysis demonstrated that some characteristics, for example "narrative reviews," are more prone to be cited than others.	4
Of course, this finding does not necessarily mean that the role of doctoral level scientists is marginal.	0
If you believe that this document breaches copyright please contact us (research.lib@cbs.dk) providing details, and we will remove access to the work immediately and investigate your claim.	0
To identify prolific authors, we collected, from journal table of contents, author information for all articles and notes published by the 23 high-impact journals from 1970 to 2009.	2
2 Chronological evolution of the impact of cancer publications in OA and non-OA journals measured a through the analysis of JIF quartiles of journals and b weighted citations received by the papers	0
One way to find the proper journals is to take a look at a list of recognized open access journals, the Directory of Open Access Journals (http://www.doaj.org).	4
We conjecture that LIS is in a process of fragmentation, which disconnects IR and scientometrics from it.	5
(2012) have got the highest citation in both the databases (165 in WoS and 225 in Scopus).	4
The issue-based clustering task calls for effective overlapping clustering techniques, as target clusters may overlap extremely with each other in practice (ref.	5
ANOVA detected a difference in impact factor between gratis (AV = 2) and libre (AV = 1) articles, but not between fee-for access articles (AV = 0) and free or gratis articles.	4
Journal of the American Society for Information Science - November-December 1970	0
It still relies on a sequence-determines-credit approach in the byline, which concurrently is contradicted by the option to consider the last author as the position of the principal investigator depending on the field or journal.	4
This work follows the definition by Wang (2018), and several machine learning models are together used to detect and foresight the emerging research topics.	1
Relatively speaking, Apollo and Burlington Magazine on the one side and Art History and Journal of Visual Culture on the other, respectively share a large pool of joint authors, whereas the connections between the two sides are restrained with Journal of Visual Culture at the extreme pole.	4
Using the normal way of counting citations, article A has more impact.	0
The results presented in Table 7 showed that the UK and the US are two the most productive and influential countries.	4
publishing papers or patents pertaining to different areas) on the one hand, and effective interdisciplinarity, i.e.	4
To clearly describe the development of scientific cooperation in the research of COVID-19, we counted all related publications (articles, reviews, letters and so on) collected on April 1, and collected new publications every half month thereafter.	2
Do core documents adequately represent the evolution of the topic?	1
Multi-transformers with among-attention mechanism (a case for I = 2 and S = 3).	0
Institutional status (i.e., private or public) has a significant effect on AACSB accreditation.	4
At least in the context of medical research in Africa, there is no clear trade-off between participating in global research networks and producing medical research that is aligned with local health needs.	5
Answering to this we present a novel conceptualization for topic based analysis of scientific publication venues.	1
Citations are often used as a metric of the impact of scientific publications.	1
In order to find out about the reliability of the hmen index as an indicator to assess scholarly impact, a correlation analysis between the indices has been conducted.	3
Through gender comparison under meticulous matching within each career stage, our analysis revealed that women in the RD stage, characterized by higher dropout rates, demonstrated a significantly higher or comparable impact than men in most fields.	3
These changes do not impact the academic content of the article.	0
The interested reader might wonder who that famous Italian mathematician actually was.	0
Across all five research initiatives, between 35% (‘result’ 3.1) and 57% (‘result’ 2.1) of respondents rated a product as a strong example of the societal impact of research.	4
Objective bibliometrics measure the quantity of literature and the number of citations, and they also involve citation analyses (47).	3
This study uses bibliometric statistics to shed further light on the global landscape of citation index publications with special focus on China and the USA.	1
We find that the estimated value of the exponent c is equal to 2.38 for the combined bibliometric data from the selected eight leading journals in the OB and HRM discipline.	4
This paper presents an approach of unsupervised learning of clusters from a citation database, and applies it to a large corpus of articles in philosophy to give an account of the structure of the discipline.	1
Thus the dataset for the analysis includes 31,695 scientists, employed in 86 universities, authoring about 200,000 WoS publications and 21,000 HCAs, sorted in the UDAs as shown in Table 1.	2
The rule-based models led to most insights, especially when coupled with text representation using semantic entity detection methods.	4
Finally, the United Kingdom is a divergent country.	4
As in the other fields of medicine, there is a considerable amount of potential or probable predatory journals related to radiology and their number is increasing day by day.	5
The presence or absence of a dagger (?) distinguishes members of the two groups of journals obtained by Ward’s minimum variance cluster analysis of the six variables displayed in the table.	0
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
We utilized data from the Altmetric.com as a metric for quantifying social visibility.	2
Although non-OA journals have significantly higher scholarly output (P=0.001), percent cited and source normalized impact per paper (SNIP) were higher for OA journals.	4
The second analysis was conducted five times, once for each discipline.	0
I will argue that only slight modifications are needed to harness the potential of preregistration and make exploratory research more trustworthy and useful.	1
Citation counts were harvested from Web of Science (WOS) and Scopus.	2
This study uses data obtained within the NetReAct project ("The role of Networking in Research Activities") commis-sioned by the Institute for Prospective Technological Studies of the European Commission's Joint Research Centre.	0
To revise such deficiencies, this paper proposes two new criteria, which are applicable (but not limited) to exponential citation curves.	1
Furthermore, our findings suggest a concerning trend in research institutions: academics that are more willing to stay in their institutions and are more aligned with its demands are less inclined to pursue trailblazing agendas.	5
Although all three universities have adopted an open access policy which requires their academic community to make their scholarly works available in the freely accessible IRs, the distribution model differs in terms of the degree of openness.	4
The authors would like to thank Erik Hermann and Claudia Weimann for their excellent and committed coding work.	0
Today, the two pillars of French science are at parity, at least in terms of STEM article publications.	4
A series of Independent sample t-tests were employed to compare the attributes of a good journal perceived by ECRs (n=248) and MCRs (n=240).	3
This work is not a bibliometric study of any field rather it presents replicable Python scripts to perform network analysis.	5
Moreover, this article elaborates on how the citation index data can be used in analyzing discipline features, exploring research hotspots and developing trends, identifying important academic works and constructing academic network.	1
The journal must decide its quality standard and the compensation for the reviewer.	1
In the model of planned behaviour, the most important role is played by the intention to behave, which, according to the author of the theory, has a direct effect on behaviour and is therefore one of the most important components of behavioural research (Zarzuela and Anton, 2015).	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ianb20	0
Our study employs two comprehensive and complementary data sets.	2
After collecting the top 100 cited articles, we collected all variables in our analysis, such as the number of citations, year of publication, name of first author, title of article, journal of publication, and specialty and country of the corresponding author at the time of publication etc.	3
The study covers in its scope literature published in the period of five years accessed from March 28 to May 25, 2011, only.	1
Indexing data from four prominent commercial databases in the discipline, Compendex, Web of Science, Inspec, and Scopus, were gathered in late 2017.	3
In the following section, we review the existing criteria for identifying princes of SBs.	0
Publications in Current Science were dominated by India and Indian institutions, which is consistent with the analysis performed by Iefremova et al.	5
Acknowledgements We thank Enago (www.enago.tw) for the English language review of this manuscript.	0
The register, indexes and home pages used to identify participants and collection of data were all in the public domain.	0
On the contrary, for general-tier institutions, cross-tier collaboration showed a positive effect on research productivity in both the natural sciences (β = 0.210, p < .001) and social sciences (β = 0.329, p < .001).	4
Table 1 reflects that Africa had 136 (3.4%) out of 4055 repositories in ROAR wherein South Africa ranks first with 47 (34.6%), followed by Kenya with 14 (10.3%), and Egypt and Nigeria with 11 (8.1%) repositories apiece.	4
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
The units of analysis of our study are the scientists who have been affiliated with one or more American research organizations for the entire period 2006–2009 and have published at least one article or proceeding paper together with scientists affiliated with ORNL/NSD or utilizing ORNL/NSD facilities.	2
Data on salary costs for research personnel are available from the DALIA database maintained by the MUR.	2
...and uses examples from two classic works to illustrate how these citation patterns can be identified and applied.	2
2020a) was carried out by means of the lavaan package (Rosseel 2012) for the statistical software R (R Core Team</ORGANIZATION> 2019).	3
Finally, Section 5 concludes the findings and highlights the directions for future research.	0
including retracted papers for other reasons than fraud and error), we randomly selected a nonretracted article with the same number of authors, published in the same issue of the same journal.	2
Acknowledgments The authors would like to thank our manuscript reviewers for their guidance and helpful feedback, especially Andrew Wall and Margaret Kearney.	0
With adjustment for the preprinting server and number of deposited versions, COVID-19-related preprints were more likely to be published within 120 days since the deposition of the first version (OR=1.96, 95% CI: 1.80–2.14) as well as over the entire observed period (OR=1.39, 95% CI: 1.31–1.48).	4
I screen academic literature for cases of misattribution of cited author's gender.	1
Therefore, based on these arguments, PPPR potentially is, although not quantitatively proved yet, the most unbiased form of review because it aims to correct what is wrong, it aims to complete a process that was assumed by biased individuals to be complete, and it provides a passionate search for factual errors while ignoring the two biggest aspects that can give rise to bias in the traditional peer review, namely merit and interest.	5
The respondents' research focused areas were accounting, economics, finance, human resource management, international business, management, marketing and tourism and hospitality.	2
In what follows we highlight some important findings of the results shown in Table 2 and regarding to the analysis of highly cited papers presented in Ho (2014).	0
Empirical evidence indicates that implementing big data policies is crucial in fostering sustainable urban development.	4
Scientific papers were retrieved from the Web of Science online database.	2
We conclude that a CoE program theory can be conceived in terms of resource stability yielding research flexibility, and that the common mechanisms connecting the two may be found in organizational arrangements facilitating slack (autonomy), availability of cooperative partners (critical mass) and concomitant cooperation between specialisms.	5
RQ1: In what ways, if any, does the age of an article affect associated bibliometric and altmetric measures?	1
Altmetric identified different articles as high impact compared with citation or download metrics.	5
We found that satisfaction with levels of representation for gender, race and ethnicity was falling and that the impact of the coronavirus pandemic had disproportionately affected those already most disadvantaged within the academic hierarchy.	4
This study uses the number of citations to measure the impact of an article (Aksnes et al., 2019).	3
The present study is an exploration of the spread and recombination of 'knowledge' in the 'CDM universe', comprising all papers in Scopus indexed journals citing CDM or/and CDM cited papers.	1
To measure the scholarly impact, a weighted combination of normalized citations and impact factor (IF) of the hosting journal is applied to each publication.	3
Once the labelled clusters are formed, new instances are classified into one of the existing class by using Na?ve Bayes Classification.	3
There are three features in this study, as indicated in the following: (1) classifying the type of articles (or core concept) using MeSH terms, (2) quantifying the coauthor contributions with AWS, and (3) demonstrating the affiliated countries and authors that have the highest research achievements in SR as shown on Google Maps.	5
Even with nonlimiting means, competition would still be there because it is part of our biology.	0
The authors iteratively improved the query design by comparing the query results with those from a gold standard group of randomly-selected faculty investigators.	3
The empirical findings are discussed in “Empirical analysis” and “Concluding comments” sections concludes the paper.	0
Numerous alternative specifications of the basic model described in equation (3) were estimated; results of several of these specifications are reported in Table II and discussed below.	0
This indicates a field of study that has yet to become truly international and in which collaboration between countries and institutions needs to be reinforced.	5
In this section, the non-structured data mining methodology was applied to the abstracts of Vallarta's papers in the book by Mondragón and Barnés (1978).	2
The third dimension for manual coding was intended to address RQ4 and related to whether comments addressed any of the four common elements of peer review.	3
To cite this article: Ashraf Uddin & Vivek Kumar Singh (2014) Mapping the Computer Science Research in SAARC Countries, IETE Technical Review, 31:4, 287-296, DOI: 10.1080/02564602.2014.947527	0
The results indicated a significant difference (t=2.171, p=0.032, η2=0.045), suggesting that men (M=23.16, SD=17.28) had a higher WFC than women (M=17.39, SD=9.71).	4
We conclude by recommending that funding agencies further categorise their targeted impact types of the funding programme, especially for large and complex programmes that fund various research fields and orientations.	5
A total of 3278 relevant pieces of literature were retrieved.	2
This paper presents a novel method to approximate the specialty to which a given publication record belongs.	1
We used SPSS 22.0 to determine the statistical significance of the results.	3
Here, A is the aging parameter, a is the attachment exponent, and ko is the initial attractiveness.	0
Additionally, the keywords and study designs, publication-related characteristics, journal impact factors (JIF), and Eigenfactor scores of International Journal of Nursing Studies (IJNS), International Nursing Review (INR), Nursing & Health Sciences (NHS), and JKAN were analyzed and compared.	3
In this section, we discuss five common methodological practices that enhance systematic capitalization on chance: (1) selection of variables to include in a model, (2) use of control variables, (3) handling of outliers, (4) reporting of p values, and (5) hypothesizing after results are known (HARKing).	3
Apparently, China dominates in its collaboration with all BRICS countries and its index of influence has grown steadily throughout the period of 2000–2015.	4
Scholars in different locations emphasize different sections of a research paper (Table 1).	4
Agricultural and Veterinary Sciences, Environmental Sciences, Physical Sciences, Biological Sciences, Earth Sciences, Mathematical Sciences and, surprisingly, History and Archeology achieved the best bibliometric performances in relation to the world.	4
The normailization of the betweenness centrality can be done by dividing the number that represents theoretically possible combination for the connection between any two nodes in the network—directed graphs is (n - 1) (n – 2) and for undirected graphs is (n - 1)(n – 2)/2, respectively.	0
The corresponding value for the desk-rejected papers was only a little over one-third (35%).	4
However, the number of publications in top journals has a stronger positive effect on excellence than publication volume.	4
We test the hypothesis that results of highly similar searches in these three databases do not necessarily give comparable results.	1
(2) taking the knowledge flow into account, what collaboration patterns are adopted as common principles in funded teams?	1
J?rvelin and Vakkari (1990) devised a classification scheme for characterizing articles by research topic, methods, viewpoints, and strategies.	3
The results also indicate an upward growth in publishing of Information Technology oriented top- ics like Digital Library, Electronic Resources, and Electronic Journals.	4
Participants' responses to the IQAT revealed no significant gender differences (see Table 6).	4
VOSviewer and Citespace [14] were used to draw the term maps and the epistemic network in collaboration with four datasets we collected and processed.	3
Research in environmental and resource economics is demanding in terms of both disciplinary and interdisciplinary skills, so the likelihood of collaboration and jointly written publications is present and significant.	5
Impact indicators were collected from multiple databases, as follows: (a) Citations: Two databases, Google Scholar and WoS, are used as data sources for citation counts.	2
Citation errors of less than 10 percent were found for all three journals, while in total, 30.3 percent of quotations were judged to be questionable in some way.	4
First, we examine the extent to which we can identify relationships between changes in research funding and changes in academic productivity and performance when a number of quantitative and qualitative factors are included in a long-term historical institutional analysis.	1
More specifically, we select from DisGeNET those gene-disease associations that had the largest number of articles annotated by Genetic Association Database (GAD) or Comparative Toxicogenomics Database (CTD) for human.	2
Audits conducted by KPMG found a high error rate in publication lists submitted by universities, especially at the outset of the application of this approach (34% in 1997).	0
Data will be analysed using thematic analysis (TA) as described by Braun and Clarke primarily because of the methods flexibility and epistemological assumptions that are compatible with a pragmatist approach.	3
We can, therefore, conclude that R4D institutions require clear and enforceable policies and procedures about publication outputs if their funding programs are to be assessed and benchmarked upon bibliometric measures.	5
11 A similar argument applies to other fields of applied and interdisciplinary research fields such as health economics.	0
In sum, our study synthesizes the diverse set of results found in the literature and advances a plausible explanation: the relative importance of human capital spillovers depends on the nature of the space where the supply shock occurs and on the quality of the individuals in question.	5
Searching Google, we attempted to determine the authors' genders, as well as their web presence in terms of having personal web sites or organizational web pages.	3
The SIR is defined as the number of retrieved scientific documents in the interception of two sets F(si, R) and F(sj, R) divided by the number of items of any of the intercepted sets F(si, R) or F(sj, R).	3
How can Al-powered systems be used to optimise air traffic management and enhance air travel efficiency?	1
We recommend that big, collaborative projects begin with formal team science courses for trainees, which benefits student advancement, enhances the productivity of the project, and accelerates the discovery of solutions to ecological issues.	5
Data concerning research output is collected from Thomas Reuter's Web of Science core collection.	2
Total number of publications and publications in journals of the SCI database per million of population for Balkan and East Mediterranean countries.	0
Median correction time was 3 months (IQR, 5 months), with no statistically significant difference in timing of correction across different error severities (Kruskal-Wallis test, P = 0.058).	4
Purpose: We designed this study to demonstrate recent trends in the proportion of adult hip research in orthopedics, to identify countries leading the adult hip research, and to evaluate the relationship between the economic power of the countries and their contributions.	1
Comparing Buddhist scholarship in three language communities, we observed that Chinese and Japanese Buddhist scholarship, despite their different sectarian emphases, are similar in the sense that both tend to approach Buddhism predominately from a purely religious perspective.	4
The information analyzed in this study is 821 JCEM publications (only articles and reviews) which are indexed in the Science Citation Index (SCI) database dating between 2008 and 2018 and is retrieved in January 25th, 2019.	2
2008 ASIS&T Published online 19 June 2008 in Wiley InterScience (www.interscience.wiley.com).	0
This paper therefore uses two relatively new metrics, the citations per author per year (CAY) metric and the individual annual h-index (hIa) to provide two alternative, citation-based, rankings of Dutch academics in Economics & Business.	1
We focused on the five-year timeframe between 2014 and 2018 for three reasons.	2
The results justify the contribution of category-based CC to BC.	5
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
We followed all significant results with post-hoc analyses (Fisher's least significant difference procedure; Meier, 2006).	3
We focus our assessments and comments on fourteen elements grouped into four categories: (1) topical shaping of science, (2) distribution of funds, (3) application and review procedures, and (4) incentives for mobility and diversity.	3
In conclusion, contact lens research is a relatively new field of research that has not received much attention in systematic reviews and meta-analyses, also matching the documented general lack of systematic reviews, and meta-analyses of published evidence in ophthalmology.	5
The importance of Current Science lies in the fact that a journal cutting across disciplinary boundaries is necessary so that the views and concerns of a group of scientists, primarily from India, become known to all.	5
Review papers are overcited and overrepresented in the most cited papers of a research area compared to original research articles.	5
News ranking of computer science departments published in 2014 and 2018 to evaluate publication-based rankings.	2
In this study, we set out specifically to investigate the outreach of research published in the Finnish journals hosted on the Journal.fi platform.	1
Research output is low in some countries, which can be improved by investing in more international and national collaborative research projects in the field of tobacco.	5
This also suggests that the increase in methodological rigour in psychological science, which has mainly been triggered by the 'replication crisis' and the reform movements that this crisis has released, is quite robust against systemic challenges such as the (internal and external) pressure to prioritize speed in the dissemination of scientific knowledge.	5
Conflict of Interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Primary among these is that corresponding author h-index has a stronger correlation than any of our survey responses to actual citation counts.	4
The analysis revealed that Australian universities overwhelmingly use variants of all three national PBRF indicators to formally evaluate and manage the research activities of their academic staff (see Table 3).	4
In accordance with previous data [2, 3], the country of the corresponding author was considered the origin country of the publication.	3
Effectively, the growth of the research performance in Qatar and United Arab Emirates after 2010 is mostly explained by the installation of many international branch campuses in these two countries such as New York University Abu Dhabi and Texas A&M University at Qatar (Pohl and Lane 2018).	4
The questions we would like to answer by this analysis is whether convex skeletons extracted from author collaboration networks can be used as their meaningful abstraction, whether author rankings by centrality measures calculated on convex skeletons differ substantially from those calculated on the original networks, and what kind of edges are removed when convex skeletons are extracted.	1
We aimed in this study to analyze the areas of vascular surgery research conducted in the GCC countries and their quality as well as to identify research areas that need to be augmented.	1
The computationally derived quality measures of the scientific and technical document t (significance, information capacity, and independence of content) are introduced in paper [16].	4
Prior investigations have offered contrasting results on a troubling question: whether the alphabetical ordering of bylines confers citation advantages on those authors whose surnames put them first in the list.	1
Single-author articles appear to be on the verge of extinction on the continent.	5
METHODS: Scientific articles published in 13 neurosurgical journals in 2015 were selected.	2
To determine outliers in order to find why articles in Mendeley are widely read but rarely cited in Scopus-indexed publications and vice versa, the logarithmic transformation ln(1 + x) was used on the data set (Thelwall and Wilson 2014) for both readers and citation counts to reduce the skewness of the data, before regressing the reader counts against the citation counts.	3
The United States has the most international buddies and is the largest collaboration partner of other countries because it has the most multinational paper counts.	4
In the following quotations, the participants' identification numbers are the original assignment in Wang & Soergel (1998).	0
Table 3 highlights that papers authored by Ukrainian authors constitute 76.7% in Ukrainian journals in engineering, followed by authors from China (14.2%), the Russian Federation (4.14%) and Poland (1.8%).	4
Finally, we performed correlation analysis, significance tests and regression analysis on the data to examine the impact of confidence scores on the outcomes of the papers.	3
Next, we applied Pearson's correlation test to investigate the association between normalized citation count and years since publication.	3
However, we should not completely stop publishing case reports since they can be useful to clinicians caring for patients with rare diseases or medical conditions.	5
Taking Information Science & Library Science (LIS) as a case study, this paper identifies interdisciplinary topics by calculating TI values together with Bet values, term frequency values, and others, and analyzes the evolution of interdisciplinary sciences based on social network analysis and time series analysis.	1
To do this, the bibliometric software VOSviewer is used as a case study.	3
The band seen in 1980 suggests the enduring importance of references published in this year.	4
of (fractional count) papers p; indexed by WoS.	3
To support the bibliometric analysis and the graphical representation of the data two bibliometric analysis tools are employed: Gephi (Maison des Sciences de l’Homme, Paris, France) and VosViewer (Centre for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden University, Leiden, The Netherlands).	3
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
For the analysis, we selected the journals that include at least 10 articles authored or coauthored by Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai scientists and journals that were used at least 10,000 times in 2015.	2
The main goal of this study is to test methods for measuring knowledge transfer of internationally mobile scientists.	1
The questionnaire contained: 1) demographics, 2) knowledge on plagiarism, 3) attitudes toward plagiarism, and 4) self-reported plagiarism practices.	2
The purpose is to identify what aspects of the researcher's affiliation influence their personal networks and the interdisciplinarity of research.	1
Specifically, network-based measurements are deliberately designed to evaluate the enterprises participation, contribution, and collaboration in drafting standards.	1
To examine the overall developmental trend of neuro-imaging journals, we collected several categorical bibliometric indicators from the JCR.	3
Furthermore, before the sample space is projected in a plane, the journals were grouped in cluster according to the multivariate similarity using hierarchical cluster analysis (HCA).	3
One is a reference retrieval module based on citation contexts.	1
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Comparing the impact ranking with a ranking of programs based on the chairman's h-index showed an R2 of 0.261 (Figure 3).	4
With this analysis, we can corroborate that the ACM SIGIR Conference establishes a strong frontier of relevance, which is why it constitutes one of the main reference pillars for news of the most recent L2R studies currently being developed.	5
PREP resonates with these interests and stakes, among others, witnessed by a steady increase in the number of submissions to our database.	5
SBM is a model in which nodes belong to blocks (the name for groups in the SBM paradigm) and edges are created between (and within) the blocks with some fixed probabilities for each pairs of blocks.	3
Second, an indicator of collaboration degree is used to measure scientific connective relations from different perspectives.	3
We find a positive effect on the impact of all junior collaborators, but there is no statistically significant difference between men and women.	4
Conclusions: Ophthalmologists, otolaryngologists, neurosurgeons, and neurologists in the UC healthcare system who are more academically productive receive greater remuneration.	5
Content analysis was conducted to examine the essential components of retraction notices.	3
This finding can demonstrate the superiority of ABC analysis in revealing an academic community and its scientific structure.	5
The prospect of a potential pause of the historical evolution of knowledge apparently finds us nothing but opposed.	0
This research was partially funded by the Spanish National Research Council under the project entitled “Generación de herramientas cienciométricas para el analisis de la colaboración científica" (Proyecto Intramural CSIC 2008101210).	0
This paragraph has benefitted from extensive discussion during the seminar at Ecole d'Hautes Etudes in Paris with Dominique Pestre in June 2007 and the workshop, The changing role of public sector research	0
Data sharing statement Unpublished data from this study are not currently available.	0
I pose as the central research question for a geography of scientific knowledge: What determines that a knowledge claim originating from one place becomes accepted as scientific in other places?	1
The data were retrieved from Scopus during the period of August 10–15, 2019.	2
Linear correlations were used to determine associations between JIF and H index or other indices.	3
This allows us to retrospectively evaluate selection procedures in the binary classification framework without access to the primary data.	0
We would also like to thank the reviewers for their comments, which have helped improve on the original.	0
The study suggests that most top publishers have adapted successfully to the new publishing environment, with many traditional publishers offering both OA and non-OA journals as a result of the OA movement.	5
The Finance journals are selected based on Currie/Pandher (2010) and comprise ten different journals.	2
2015a), we annotated three aspects of the citation contexts: whether they were positive or negative; whether they described methods or results of the Matsuyama paper as opposed to citing a general concept (as shown in Table 1); and, for post-retraction publications, whether they mentioned the retraction by using words such as “retraction” or “retracted” in the citation context or cited the retraction notice (CHEST 2008).	3
After first steps for transforming Methods have successfully been made, challenges will remain, among others, in identifying appropriate incentives for open access publishing in order to support its transformation.	5
Received: 18 November 2022 Revised: 2 October 2023 Accepted: 10 October 2023	0
The AAN repository, initiated by Radev et al.	2
Then, inputs were processed using a Monte Carlo simulation [25–27].	3
It is noted that COVID-19 has had both positive and negative impacts on scholarly communication and publishing.	5
Using bibliometric indicators, the distribution of the publications was determined within the journals that publish said articles, specialty of the journal (broad subject terms), article type, language of the publication, and country where the journal is published.	3
Predictive models seem to be of significant importance for the coal industry, as their informative and descriptive aspects relating to both the short and long-term future may bring considerable benefits.	5
Conversely, authors from Oceania tend to be less present in clusters related to genetics, however, they are significantly more present in the Environmental Management cluster compared to all other regions.	4
Meanwhile, a machine learning algorithm was applied to fit three link prediction indexes, fully assessing local structure, path, and random walk information, to improve the accuracy of the link prediction method.	5
The upload process is ongoing, and the remaining six faculty's publications will be added in the near future.	0
The citation advantage of tweeted papers was defined as the difference of relative citations between tweeted papers and non-tweeted papers divided by the relative citations of non-tweeted papers.	3
As a result, 2092 articles were selected from SMJ between those years.	2
Based upon journal rankings 2004-2014 in 50 sub-categories within 5 broad categories, this study shows that journal rankings based on JIF variants tend to be more stable over time if the geometric mean is used rather than the standard mean.	1
It can be concluded from the findings also that the public universities in Malaysia were aware of open science, but not all were involved in its practices most especially open evaluation, citizen science, crowdsourcing, and open innovation.	5
Fox, who assisted in the sample selection process and data presentation.	0
Few studies have explored the retraction rate from OAJs.	1
This study will explore the following research questions: What journals are broadly used by graduate students in sociology at Penn State?	1
As the leading IB-focused scholarly journal, we use the Journal of International Business Studies (JIBS) to identify journals to include in analyses.	2
The negative citation is more frequent among retracted manuscripts reporting an US diagnostic method (4.84%) as compared to manuscripts reporting other diagnostic methods (0.32%, P-value = 0.0004).	4
To test our hypotheses and research questions, we conducted a hierarchical ordinary least squares (OLS) regression analysis, with three different dependent variables: the first author's country of origin, the country of data collection, and the research approach.	3
Due to the different time spans (n) of these AKFPs, the sample set of the AKFP with larger n contains fewer samples.	0
This circular layout is consistent with the general consensus of other maps of the sciences (Klavans; Boyack, 2009; Leydesdorff; De-Moya-Anegón; Guerrero-Bote, 2010; 2014).	4
Summing up, this study contributes to the SciTS by introducing Dynamic Networking (DN) concept that refers to some aspects of academic relationships that were largely neglected in prior literature and it provides the empirical evidence that in the context of non-Anglophone business science in Poland DN leverages academic productivity, while it is leveraged itself by the scholars' English language skills.	5
Table 7 shows that the average self-citation rate of German political science publications is about 21 % (the average self-citation rate without a 4-year citation window is approximately 16 %).	4
For all analyzes, Excel dynamic tables were used to create the frequency tables and the time-series graphs, which include the corresponding linear regression lines to highlight the statistical significance of the observed trends.	0
The empirical analysis shows that scientists respond to the use of citations to guide decisions on academic careers by increasing self-citations, in particular scientists that are more likely to benefit, namely assistant and associate professors and professors with fewer citations when compared to their peers, especially social scientists.	5
This work focuses on the analysis of Argentinás scientific output in the humanities and social sciences in the period 2003–2012, as registered in the Scopus database.	1
The 100 most cited articles in the field were published over 52 years from 1968 to 2020, with a maximum number of articles (n = 40) published in the 1990s decade.	4
Our analysis covers the academic year 2008 for two reasons: first, it coincides with the starting point of the economic recession, which has been seriously affected the Spanish higher education, in general, and the Andalusian one in particular; and second, it also coincides with the structural changes made by the Government of Spain in order to redefine Spanish universities in the European Higher Education Area.	2
The bibliometric analysis of the keywords provides a structured assessment of this domain, as presented in Fig.	4
As of November 28, 2022, 707 individuals affiliated with Emory University had registered for ORCID iDs in 2022, and between 2016 and November 28, 2022, two thousand and six people Emory affiliates have registered for an iD, with the greatest number of people registering in 2022 and with registration still underway.	4
This study obtained information pertaining to all the patents approved by the USPTO between 2001 and 2010.	2
Journal offices were contacted by phone and e-mail to ascertain their practices on first and senior authorship ECA designations.	3
The data collection method for this study will be semi-structured individual interviews held between the researcher and the scholars.	3
The pattern could be characterized in a variety of ways, but essentially the articles published during Campbell’s term are big “I” and small “o,” whereas the emphasis shifts such that the articles published during Kozlowski’s term are small “i” and big “O.”	4
An authorship-weighted scheme (AWS) was applied to compute coauthor partial contributions from the article bylines.	3
Overall, 25% of surgeons obtained graduate-level research degrees.	4
Table 1 Number of universities in ARWU 2013 (ARWU) and in the extended ARWU 2013 (E- ARWU) by country	0
TABLE 2 Descriptive statistics of the survey data and student performance	0
In this paper, a subject-related research metric for different subject areas by WoS, Scopus and GS is investigated and the results are discussed.	1
(3) What are the effects of language and corresponding author's nationality on topics in the papers?	1
I then apply the Coarsened Exact Matching (CEM) procedure [[20]; see the Appendix Section for details] estimate the following event-study specification and its “static” counterpart	3
Only co-authored papers classified as research paper are taken account in the analysis.	2
The most well-known ranking systems are Quacquarelli Symonds (QS), Times Higher Education (THE), and Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU).	1
The model just described is commonly used for proportional outcomes; it embeds the familiar logistic regression within a binomial process and is known as a generalized linear model (GLM) of the binomial-logit family (Hardin & Hilbe, 2012: 153–4).	3
In this paper we focus on the decay of attention in science, on the basis of scientific articles, which like any other content, become obsolete after a while.	1
There were no new linking mechanisms identified from the matching phrases in records with no shared references that could not be found in the shared references.	4
We manually searched for each of the 1,047 researchers whether or not they had a profile on any site studied.	3
However, low values of Mean Square Error (MSE) and Mean Absolute Error (MAE) are observed for h-cpp from all other competitors' indices including original h-index.	4
The analysis tries to answer the following three consecutive research questions:	1
Our result shows that the best percentile of hot-spot papers is 3%.	4
From Table 3, log-distance mobility metrics are found to be negatively associated with publication productivity in general, which suggests that a higher mobility in terms of geographic distance is related to lower productivity, supporting our Hypothesis 1a.	4
Grants intended for young scientists are commonly more efficient than for more experienced researchers.	5
As another example, r may represent the number of citations to an author's work during time t and f_r,t is defined as the number of authors who were cited r times during this period.	0
RQ3: In what ways do different research topics shape the evolutionary patterns of research methods?	1
This paper shows how bibliometric models can be used to assist peers in selecting candidates for academic openings.	1
From a subset of papers V, which is obtained from WoS, a directed graph G = (V, E), with all the papers and references is generated, where each directed edge (i, j) of E is a citation from paper pi to pj.	3
notation and the top 10 journals that used the BCE/B.C.E notation, as listed in Tables 3 and 7.	3
Over 97% (414 out of 426) of these journals' JIF quartiles are Q3 or Q4.	4
This opens up the proposition that OA journals that are listed in the DOAJ are more likely to be indexed by leading databases, at least in the science and engineering disciplines.	5
In this paper, we propose a comprehensive bibliometric review of the development of global Antarctic studies and present a quantitative analysis of published Antarctic articles from 1993 to 2012.	1
Almost half of the records (45.9%) were never cited.	4
the percentile of the analyzed population of a specific SSD (named s) that has the specific bibliometric parameter ?	3
This allows the combined use of the citation counts of two databases, improving the coverage and accuracy of both bibliometric studies and bibliometric indicators.	5
The internal WoS coverage is therefore 32 %, and the average number of references of these 70 articles is 37.04, which is lower than the aggregated average of references (47.7) in the political science category in the 2013 social sciences edition of Journal Citation Reports (JCR).	4
Scholarly publishers need to find ways of addressing the increasing public access to research and expanding global research activity to ensure that science and society do not miss out on the benefits of these developments.	5
We suspect that intentional and unintentional citing behaviors are the main factor for the thematic difference and will be examined on the future.	5
The mean share of publications that were verified is 92.2 implying that more than 9 out 10 publication outputs in this case could be verified in the sense that the librarians could identify the publication outlet as one of the recommended outlets.	4
Looking back at Table 3, we can confirm that in 2015 references to journal articles outnumbered references to monographs by a ratio of more than 5 to 1.	4
Logistic regression analysis was applied to study the influence of various variables on self-reporting of honorary authorship.	3
The impactability score allows Blue Cross the ability to evaluate a patient's likelihood of benefitting from a particular intervention which in turn directs Blue Cross and providers to the right member, at the right time, through the best intervention approach maximizing care and reducing costs.	5
In this article, we focus on the case of Slovenia as a country with a small scientific community in the CEE region, and evaluate the current state of the research performance of its scientific system after changes were made in the Slovenian R&D policy.	1
We are now ready to state our main result.	3
Therefore, the geographical bias may be one of the factors sustaining the Matthew effect in science funding (Merton, 1973).	5
192 retractions, originally published between 1984 and 2021, were included.	4
The most common reason for the inclusion of an honorary author was that the senior member of the department was automatically listed as a coauthor (25.5%), followed by first contact practitioner referring study participants (14.9%).	4
Estructura de comunidades de dos niveles obtenida con los parámetros 6 y 27.	0
Which type of search volume data (worldwide vs domestic) provides better estimates of business data?	1
Figures 2 and 3 show SUM_b vs.-b for NST items (Fig.	0
A sequential research process comprising an original questionnaire and semi-structured interviews was developed to answer the following four research questions: What are the individual academic-related factors that impact accounting research at Anglophone SSA's universities?	1
All content following this page was uploaded by Angel Bravo on 21 September 2017.	0
Somewhat more formally, I have run regressions using a PROBIT model of the type DEVIATE = X?α + ε,	3
Lexical diversity, assessed by the Type-Token Ratio (TTR) of each article (Engber, 1995), describes the total number of unique words normalized by the length of the text.	3
“Conclusion” section presents and discusses the results from the empirical analyzes.	0
The number of times each publication was cited was obtained from a Scopus search during December 2017 and was used as one proxy of research controversy/popularity.	2
3 in two ways: the probability density function (PDF), on the left, and the cumulative density function (CDF), on the right.	3
interpreted as relatively low, and as a result, the first hypothesis expressed above is rejected.	0
71303178), and Kent State University 2014 Postdoctoral Program for the Smart Big Data project.	0
We successfully link 93% of these mentions to specific philosophers, with an estimated precision of 82% to 91%.	4
Using both applications separately, then combining the results in NodeXL, we gathered tweets that used at least one of the four hashtags during a one-month period (August 26–September 26, 2017), resulting in a corpus of message data (N = 9,149).	2
PLOS Medicine (22%) and PLOS Biology (13%) were found to have the highest rates of overall commenting, with PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases the lowest (4.5%).	4
Pearson's correlation coefficient was utilised to investigate the relationship between the retraction counts and the journal impact factor.	3
We completed our analysis with a study of the bibliometric network through the use of VOSviewer software.	3
In conclusion, nowadays everything can be measured in science, and in fact it is being measured.	5
Fundamentally, our “research” question is, “What are the most research productive business school OM departments?”	1
Scientific productivity (and its underlying indicators, which have a day-to-day effect on the activities of researchers and academics in the field of communication, such as publications, citations or the impact factor of the journals in which they publish) as an objective measure of good scientific practice does not occupy the most relevant place among the selection criteria in important scientific activities, such as those analysed here.	5
In fact, the weight of Cki(i) is equal to its tfxidf value.	3
Performance analysis is used to evaluate the publication performance of various levels, which uses techniques like citation analysis, counting publications by authors, institutions, universities or countries [26].	3
The mean 5-year h-index/surgeon for programs was 3.92 +/?	4
In the next section we provide descriptive statistics derived from the collected data.	0
An analysis of variance and correlation is conducted to determine the strength of the relationship of the three measures of use.	3
The average number of authors for the 100 most cited works was 2.47 authors per paper.	4
The same descending pattern is present for non-lead articles across the journals suggesting the journal ranking by citations is consistent regardless of the citation source.	4
The USA took a leading position out of 104 countries/territories, followed by China and the UK.	4
In this paper, our primary concern is to quantify scholars’ scientific impact by utilizing the heterogeneous academic network topology.	5
In addition to the commentators, Robert Fildes and Richard Franke provided useful suggestions.	0
This study was designed to assess and compare the quantity and quality of Iranian and Turkish researchers working in the field of Parasitology from bibliometric point of view.	1
A research evaluation system might motivate the internationalization of journals, but it should deemphasize the corrupted parameters.	5
Multivariable logistic regression and multilevel generalised linear model analyses were performed to study predictors of OA status and the association between OA and citation counts, respectively.	3
We chose an algorithm based on statistical mechanics, concretely the spin-glass model and simulated annealing, for its performance, and implemented in igraph package in R.	3
A search for "Wayback Machine" produced 4,898 documents listed in the period 2000 to 2013.	4
We present data on the retractions in the journal Science, between 1983 and 2017.	1
Our study confirmed the leading role of South Africa in driving HIV/AIDS research, but also highlighted the contribution of countries such as Uganda, Malawi, Botswana, Zimbabwe and Mozambique.	5
Building on the work of Kyvik and Aksnes (2015), we assigned values to each type of publication: reports = 1; articles = 2; book chapters = 2; (co)edited books = 3; (co)authored books = 4.	3
In particular, ruled out is the interpretation that reviewers prioritize impact but fail to predict it.	5
The dependent variable in our main regression models is the focal author's total number of unique international coauthors, summed across all his/her publications (INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS).	3
Judit Bar-Ilan, we join the h-index discussion in Scientometrics by further probing a similar “which h-index" question via comparing different versions of h-index within the Web of Science.	1
The objective of the present study is to identify the 50 most cited papers in elbow surgery and to analyze the principal characteristics.	1
To empirically study the allocation of agricultural research funds of ERR, we were provided with a rich dataset.	2
The search was limited to include only publications with at least one MeSH subheading in the title of the publication.	3
Section 4 characterizes the equilibrium, and Section 5 analyzes and discusses some comparative statics results.	0
Obstetric anaesthesia was the least frequent published (4%).	4
First, our findings suggest a striking stability in the amount of research comparing higher education in different countries over—at least—the past 20 years.	5
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 and 13 and described in the text.	0
The author declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Data collected were grouped into three categories determined a priori: publication characteristics, journal characteristics and retraction characteristics.	3
Received: 19 August 2021 / Accepted: 16 May 2022 / Published online: 18 June 2022	0
India's contribution on "Guillain- Barre syndrome": Mapping of 40 years research.	0
The authors wish to thank Laura Marin, Elisabeth de Turckheim, and Valerio Vercesi, as well as the participating Funding Agencies.	0
With respect to discipline, the mean JDCs in LIA and other social sciences (e.g., law) are markedly higher than those in science and engineering (e.g., biology and aerospace).	5
‘Prestigious journals’: it is distributed in the fourth quadrant and has high discourse influence and low discourse leading.	4
The top two papers in this list are studies by Daganzo (1994) and Daganzo (1995) with a total of 1342 and 982 citations at the time of writing of this paper, respectively.	4
Finally, a suggestion is given to improve the rationality of the journal impact indexes.	5
Empirical examples in genomics, nanotechnology and bio- technology show that interdisciplinarity relates to distinct dynamic developments that interact and shape each other in a process of co-evolution, giving rise to different patterns of interdisciplinarity in each field.	5
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Overall, only around 20% of the authors who participate in these collaborative research teams are from developing countries.	4
.] may make judgments that differ a great deal from the intentions of the original author [.	5
Three or more authors were associated with a 13% increase in citations (IRR = 1.13; 95% CI [1.01, 1.27]), and four or more authors were associated with a 16% increase in citations 5 years after publication (IRR = 1.16; 95% CI [1.03, 1.31]).	4
The relationships between average values of indicators is one dimension of the measurement problem.	0
This study presents a factor analysis of journal ranking metrics based on data for 55 LIS journals.	3
Received March 19, 1985; revised May 3, 1985; accepted July 22, 1985	0
The proposed framework offers the possibility to independently classify scientists based on AI techniques.	5
The current study documented the distributions of citations to kinesiology scholars of various academic ranks.	1
The evolution of the distribution of citations received by publications listed in the Web of Science between 2000 and 2007 shows a growing convergence between the geography of scientific production and that of scientific citations.	5
One primary use of network analysis in coauthorship research is the identification of prominent actors in the network.	3
To address this gap in the literature, the objective of this study was to comprehensively analyse the characteristics and trends of retracted autism-related articles.	1
The first/ last refers to articles where an equal number of self-citations were observed for the first and last authors.	0
Our results suggest that conferences should be designed to include dedicated discussants for each paper.	5
In any case, although not definitively, the year 2000 effect is strongly supported by our data.	5
Each article published in the JBJS-A and JBJS-B was assigned to a single country in accordance with corresponding author' s address, because the corresponding author is usually primarily and mainly responsible for the whole study project13.	3
Contributory pattern: The first author and the corresponding author of a paper are not affiliated with institutions in country A; thus, country A plays the role of a contributor and has the lowest contribution to the paper.	3
In this article, we address this issue by comparing a large-scale journal rating exercise with the scores assigned via (post-publication) peer review to individual articles published in the same journals.	1
Works with one author or more than fifteen were dropped from the analysis.	2
This study analyzed the moderating effect of references on the motivation of collective intelligence on open innovation from 2003 to 2006 and 2013 to 2016, considered to be the digital transformation era.	1
Using bibliometric techniques, this work investigates the evolution of titles in economics research.	1
Table 4: Nordic Wittgenstein Review double-blind peer review procedure in numbers	0
These queries identified 1529, 726, and 219 documents for Turkey, Iran, and Israel, respectively.	2
The major concern of the study is the uncertainty and sensitivity of ICT field ranking, regarding the weighting scheme of a particular ranking methodology.	1
However, recently we found that substantial numbers of illegal Digital Object Identifiers (DOIs) still exist in Scopus and that their occurrence can be identified automatically and at scale.	1
We trace individual-level learning and knowledge transfer in public research by matching about 5,000 doctoral dissertations and their advisors over the full history of German laser research.	1
Future studies should explore potential barriers to implementation of such a program.	5
The biggest difference between undergraduates and faculty was for Brain Research (2.1 years, Fig.	4
In this study, we employ the publication data from Elsevier's Scopus.	2
A multivariate analysis was performed using an ordinal regression to analyze factors that contribute to academic rank.	3
In terms of industrial sectors, we see that only firms within 'electricity, gas, steam and air conditioning supply' and 'information and communication' have a significantly higher probability of participating in H2020 projects than the reference group of manufacturing firms.	4
Whereas Question one and two constitute the focus of the bibliometric analysis presented in Section 4, the third question will be addressed in Section 5.	0
RQ3: What is the attitude of lecturers towards submitting their scholarly research results to the IRs?	1
Thus, the appropriate response to the misuse of metrics is not to revert to peer review, which would ignore the clear need for them, but to rely on professional evaluative scientometricians.	5
This paper proposes a new method for constructing and evaluating citation trees.	1
Based on the x-index and BC, Figure 3 identifies 2 authors from China with identical names, Jing Li and Tao Wang, with higher	4
The results also highlight differences between the research directions in the USA and China: in the USA “energy efficiency and environment” prove more developed, while in China “solar power” shows more central.	4
The present study fills an important gap in the literature of team science by providing novel insights into the individual-level career outcomes of PhD holders in STEM as a function of their engagement on teams.	5
Interestingly, 26 of the 50 high-frequency keywords shown in Table 6 (labeled "*") are also hot topics from 1900 to 2010 (Liu et al.	4
We analysed 3557 papers from 13 Brazilian electronic journals focused on science education and/or physics education, through impact and bibliometric metrics.	2
Therefore, when mapping the quantitative metrics and experts' judgements, academic fields should be treated distinctively.	5
Medical subject heading terms were used to retrieve 3,023 research articles published from 1979 through 2014 in the PubMed database.	2
The percentage of documents published in the Gold OA model increased gradually over the period studied and was higher than in the Green OA model.	4
The dataset thus prepared consists of 23,486 professors, who produced a total of 255,800 WoS-indexed publications.	2
In the present study, we set out to explore researchers' trust in grant peer review and to compare that with their trust in other types of evaluations of their research.	1
Also, it is worth noting that this study only searched documents in Google Scholar using their DOI, and made no further efforts to find documents that were not returned by this type of search.	0
Authors have used the method of complete counting in which each author was given a unit weight for their contributions.	3
By defining interdisciplinarity as the extent to which a body of research originates from the integration of knowledge in diverse sci- ence disciplines (e.g.	3
Findings from this paper confirm that plagiarism detection is a complex, multilayered task going beyond and above the discovery of copied text of an earlier original work into another, and show the relevance of context in discerning between real cases of plagiarism and those that are not.	5
The following items were obtained for each article: journal name, language, year of publication, number of authors, institutions, countries, and others variables.	3
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting galley proof before it is published in its final citable form.	0
This article seeks to add to the growing literature on populating institutional repositories via mediated deposits by exploring how to leverage batch processes to harvest, crosswalk, and ingest records—all under staffing and resource constraints.	1
The list of references is identical in both versions, except for the reference (Wilson 1968), which has been suggested by Howard White.	0
We first averaged scores across all randomly sampled sets of submitted votes for each paper and then applied a simple rank to these (ties averaged).	3
The sharp inequality of citation distribution is obvious.	5
The 94 % of the Cuban scientific production was in collaborative papers that accounted for the 96 % of overall citations.	4
2A shows a steady increase of the total number of granted patents over the examined period, reaching from 21, 151 in 1976 to 52, 994 in 2012.	4
The open-ended comments, along with the responses to the survey questions, show that the library's electronic journal collections support research and teaching activities.	5
Whether the methodology used to compute the IF and Ef for cardiovascular medicine journals should be modified requires further research.	5
The analysis of variance confirmed the validity of stepwise regression analysis in predicting the citation performance of researchers (F=816.958 and p>0.000) and through three steps, three components including degree centrality, beta centrality and flow betweenness centrality were concluded to have multiple correlation with citation performance of researchers.	4
Using over 18 million PubMed records from 1996– 2019, each with a PubMed identifier (PMID), we retrieved similar article (SA) scores using an Entrez e-utility and citation links from the OCC and COCIo databases.	2
In all, 2189 articles were searched from the WoS database in this research, and 1904 articles (86.98%) were filtered and shortlisted, of which 177 were published from 1965–1979, and 251 from 1980–1989.	2
Bibliometric data were gathered on access type (e.g., open access); language; the number of authors; affiliation and country of the leading author; document title; abstract; year of publication; source title (i.e., journal, book or proceedings); journal h-index and quartile; and publishers' country.	2
A full record of the 4298 publication was received.	2
The Scopus database has been used to extract the scientific production of Mexico because of its broad coverage.	2
Iran has been the fastest growing system, and Saudi Arabia-based scientists have published the highest number of internationally collaborated papers per year since 2012.	4
We see that there is no pattern of relationship between r and i.	4
This indicates that the flow caused by adding a small portion of lexical information amplifies the substructure hidden in the bibliographic-coupling network.	4
The sample mean scores for all dimensions were between 4 and 6 on a 10-point scale.	4
The patent data were extracted from the April 2012 release of the EPO PATSTAT database covering the period 1980–2008 consisting of 16 379 distinct so called DOCDB patent families.	2
Then, based on Tights' (2004, 2012b) framework of higher education research themes, we assess if a scholarship schism is identified in higher education research in Asia and how the main themes of interest of higher education evolved in terms of publication focus.	1
Meta-data on papers from the Web of Knowledge published in the period 2008–2012 which had funding acknowledgements from either the European Molecular Biology Organisation or the Human Frontier Science Programme, or from both of these organisations, were downloaded and analysed.	2
AWARD: refers to the total number of the staff of an institution wining a significant award in an academic subject since 1981.	3
The Unified Theory of Acceptance and Use of technology (UTAUT) informed the study, while a mixed methods approach was employed using document analysis, questionnaires and interviews to collect data from librarians in eight public universities.	3
Cumulative density function plots were used to determine whether article placement distribution was different from the expected distribution.	3
To identify leading communication journals, Yates and Chapman turned to the impact factor rankings in Thomson Reuters' Journal Citation Reports.	2
Globally, the average percentage of online attendance at classes was 64.9%, while the average percentage of online attendance at exams was 84.5%.	4
Given these findings, and recognizing that metrics can be efficient indicators of research impact and quality, we propose a renormalization of the existing metrics.	5
E. Garfield for his helpful comments and suggestions, and the anonymous reviewers for some enlightening points.	0
In total, two inverted L-shaped and three inverted U-shaped curves are revealed.	4
We can conclude that there are more collaborations in the medical librarianship journals than there are in STL and ISTL, which predominantly publish articles on physical sciences and engineering librarianship.	5
This study is meant to raise awareness in researchers in applied academic disciplines by pointing out a phenomenon that has a major impact of the evolution of these fields.	5
In this way, we could most accurately standardize the PrX data for the relationship between publication date and citation level and could calculate the Total Relative Citation (TRC) level per application, which was used as a metric for impact to compare projects funded in different fiscal years.	3
Release of the reference titles in each article is thus helpful for the dissemination of research findings in scientific literature, and DescriptiveBC can be incorporated into search engines of scholarly articles to help prospective researchers to navigate through the space of related articles online.	5
Integrating a collaborative research team allows researchers located in the developing world to publish in higher quality journals and get more impact, at least in terms of citations.	5
By investigating the content of the scientific output (through MeSH term analysis of publications) and its cognitive and behavioral correlates, our study contributes in a variety of ways to our understanding of knowledge-worker productivity.	5
The third indicator measured here is the geographical pattern of citations in social sciences articles from different regions.	3
One of the more frequently used entry points in previous studies of research quality and related themes are external expert reviews in processes of position appointments, promotion and other procedures linked to professional advancement (e.g.	4
The PACS are alphanumerical strings hierarchically organized that are ascribed to scientific papers by authors at the time of publication and represent the domain of Physics the specific paper belongs to, for example the PACS 02.10.Yn indicates Matrix theory.	2
Using QR and data on yearly citations received by a given sample of research documents, we propose fitting the following non-parametric regression model:	3
As reported in Model 1 of Table 3 (β=0.026, p<0.001) and Table 3 (β=0.054, p<0.001), the link between number of research areas and academic collaboration is statistically significant, suggesting that number of research areas is positively related to academic collaboration.	4
The impact factor and Immediacy Index are not significant predictors.	4
4 Structure of the scientific community of the strategic management discipline (Stage II)	0
2008 ASIS&T Published online 10 July 2008 in Wiley InterScience (www.interscience.wiley.com).	0
(1) Is there a correlation between altmetric measures and citation counts in social science disciplines?	1
This paper provides an overview of the main features of several bibliometric indicators which were proposed in the last few decades.	1
The end point of 2015 was chosen to allow at least a year for (almost) all articles to attract citations.	2
Distribution of the highest cited papers according to the published journal.	0
Convex skeletons are a good abstraction of the original co-authorship networks because quite often the same authors appear at the top of the rankings by various centrality measures based on the original network and the skeleton.	5
Excluded are the professional degrees—chiropody, podiatry, dentistry, medicine, optometry, osteopathy, veterinary medicine, and law.	0
To this end, we collected 19,869 papers dated from 1946 to 2015 that are related to autism treatment from PubMed.	2
I should add that these two studies virtually exhaust the systematic scholarly work on this topic during this period.	0
We used confirmatory factor analysis method with data conversion to check for construct validity together with common method bias and non-response bias tests.	3
Moreover, reviewers with high scores on bibliometric indicators seemed more frequently (than other reviewers) to adhere to metrics in their assessments.	4
Instead, they retrieve articles with just a few clicks on their home or office computers.	0
However, there is still an important lack of knowledge about the conceptual relationship between citations and references (Wouters, 1999) as well as about the referencing behavior of researchers at the individual level (Nicolaisen, 2007).	0
Abbreviations: JIF, journal impact factor; NA, not applicable; OA, open access.	0
Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group	0
The publishing years of these 8841 records range from 1868 to 2019.	2
The map includes 170 authors (who obtained at least 10 citations in the period 2007–2010) grouped into eight clusters.	4
Its published articles are from a variety of countries and the odds of accepted articles for publication is surprisingly even across regions.	4
At the institutional level, The University of Jordan (n = 25, 8.1%) ranked first, followed by King Saud University, and Kuwait University.	4
In aggregate, the findings of this research could be beneficial to decision-makers in policy formulation and provide useful references for academia to cope with COVID-19 and other public health events in the future.	5
We evaluated the publishing model of 426 conservation science journals against the Fair Open Access (FOA) principles.	1
Our specific aims were to: (1) identify a cohort of plastic surgeons within research oriented departments/divisions, (2) record quantitative measures of research productivity with and without self-citations included, (3) identify the effect self-citation has on bibliometric measures across all surgeons and between academic ranks, and (4) determine if increasing bibliometric values had an influence on the effect of self-citation.	1
We defined mental health policy documents as any document published by a governmental department, an arm's length body [15] related to the government such as Public Health England and NHS England, or Parliament, that (a) declared any form of governmental action, strategy or recommendations on any topic on or related to mental health and/or (b) provided guidance or regulations related to mental health, to be followed by the relevant professions and by providers and commissioners of services To ensure that the investigation captured a wide variety of sources, we sought policy documents that contained at least ten references to original scientific articles.	2
Our findings support the idea that the most effective way for junior researchers in less prestigious institutions to escape such a “prestige trap” would be to connect with a top scientist in their field.	5
The principle goals were to report on the proportion of OMFS journals that publish OA articles, to analyse bibliometric data arising from these journals and to determine whether the quality of evidence they produce is comparable to that of conventional subscription-based journals.	1
Due to the lack of the necessary data to carry out the explanatory analysis, the final sample consists of 71 universities.	2
We classify international collaboration papers into seven types according to the economic levels of collaborative countries in each paper.	3
For all considered conferences, most of the data of all accepted papers and their authors was extracted from the DBLP records [15].	2
Other significant changes were seen in country of origin, decade of publication, number of authors per article, subspecialty of article, and most frequently discussed topics.	4
The ISI WOS database contains 79 OR/MS journals as of 2013 (Reuters, 2014).	2
In conclusion, COVID-19 pandemic significantly impacted the trends in biomedical publications and their citations.	5
The number of papers and the proportions of all papers in the 2 classes are shown in Table 3.	0
The methodology used in this study is descriptive, following Knapp (2013) and Banateppanvar et al.	3
The data underlying the results presented in the study is not immediately public.	0
The applicants came from College of Agriculture and Natural Resources (n = 20), College of Art and Built Environment (n = 32), College of Engineering (n = 46), College of Health Sciences (n = 72), College of Humanities and Social Sciences (n = 67), College of Science (n = 35).	2
Thus, this finding supports the claim that stable funding appears to be important.	5
The findings are useful to libraries in shaping their strategies for meeting the rising challenges of scholarly publishing.	1
Future studies should delve deeper into the correlation between network density and citation prediction.	5
The original h-index and the studied h-type indices (h, g, A, R, m, q2, H' and hg) including h-cpp exhibits a very high significant 'R' (>0.9) (Table 5).	4
The archive of 61 hijacked journal URLs was checked, and 57,051 search queries were made (see Table 2).	2
The ecological and Earth-system synthesis centers represented by the authors are listed in table 1.	2
This work presents the development and testing of a protocol for identifying long-lasting (L-L) research papers for which citation data of at least 25 years are available.	1
The first limitation refers to the use of publication counts to measure growth processes.	5
This study addresses international English language publication activity in orthopaedics/trauma surgery.	1
To test our direct hypotheses, we used an OLS regression with standardized variables.	3
The internal units were located by means of manually browsing within each website, checking the existence of each unit identified, and that the unit had been correctly assigned to the appropriate type.	2
We take FD1 and FD2 as the two dimensions of the journals' impact evaluation, and project them into the two-dimensional rectangular coordinate system for the comprehensive evaluation.	3
The low availability rates of abstract/author keywords/ keywords plus information in WoSCC found in this study can explain the “watershed” phenomenon of AI scholarship in 1991 to a large extent.	4
Annual evolution of the main bibliometric indicators for repercussion of scientific activity of the European Union in the respiratory system field.	0
Our data comes from a sample of accounting authors from 1958 to 2008.	2
The aim of this paper is to systematically investigate whether very small journal impact factor differences that may be artificially enlarged through quartile aggregation occur in practice and to further determine if such occurrences can be a cause for concern in policy contexts.	1
As expected, -index strongly correlates with g-index, h-index and CT.	4
For this purpose all multiple affiliations outside the focus country are excluded and only affiliations within each of the three countries considered.	0
Small circles represent raw data, and large circles are the data obtained from the models.	0
software was used to draw a citations network pattern for the landmark paper over a given, during a certain period of time, (Van Eck and Waltman 2014).	3
Throughout the study period, the peak submission time was later in the day and was shifted +37 min later post-March 2020 (CI +22 to +52 min).	4
The traditional “person versus thing” theory, which holds that women are more interested in topics related to people and men explore more topics related to things (Thelwall et al., 2019), has been widely used in studies to explain gender differences in topics from a social psychological perspective.	5
Based on this authomatic inclusion criteria, a total of 661 articles related to WPS in SCOPUS were initially identified up to year 2013.	2
The numbers of articles indexed by the MeSH terms are used as a measure of their popularity.	2
The research fields within which the Spanish universities showed greater competitiveness are Life Sciences and Natural Science, whereas the fields of Engineering and Social Science had the lowest presence and level of international competitiveness.	4
It should be pointed out that personal judgment, experience and interests are definitely factors that influenced the counting of the papers related to the corrosion field, so the present study just faithfully acquired the raw data from SCIE database without adding any selection logic.	0
Rank similarity analysis between national rankings and global rankings filtered for each country suggest that with the exception of a few instances global rankings do not strongly predict the national rankings.	4
Data was acquired from the Web of Science in Dec 2010.	2
Evaluation of author and institutional information, categories and grant support provide a view of the global distribution of current research activities and future trends.	5
Second, knowledge reinforcing—whereby the knowledge developed in the previous phase was innovated upon using new knowledge—occurred between phases.	4
To determine the short-term impact of a higher AAS on citation count for articles published in major pharmacy journals.	1
The analysis of variance confirms the findings of our previous study (Copiello and Bonifaci 2018): significant differences characterize the samples as far as all the considered parameters and ratios are concerned (Table 1).	4
Evidences of cognitive dissonance were visible in the data, particularly in informal publishing and dissemination practices.	5
metaknowledge is a full-featured Python package for computational research in information science, network analysis, and science of science.	1
The authors analyzed cleft and craniofacial centers accredited by the American Cleft Palate-Craniofacial Association.	2
The results indicate a wide dispersion between categories being the American Journal of Epidemiology, Environmental Health Perspectives, American Journal of Public Health, and Social Science & Medicine, the journals that have received the highest number of citations over the last 25 years.	4
The sample of non-monographic articles consisted of papers published in issues from the same year in which a monographic issue was published, which avoided the bias of a journal being cited to a greater or lesser extent.	2
We employed a descriptive and exploratory approach, gathering common alternative metrics from 4236 hot papers using both Altmetric.com and PlumX.	3
In this study, we analyze international and domestic coauthorship relations of all citable items in the DVD version of the Social Sciences Citation Index 2011 (SSCI).	1
The qualitative analysis revealed that regardless of the channel, most use comes from three groups: academic, Internet service provider and Internet service provider high Internet use.	4
The Characteristic Scores and Scale technique is used to investigate the distribution patterns for the different fields and disciplines.	3
The main purpose of this research is to describe the landscape of previous science map in the recent two decades, consisting of the intellectual contribution, major components and potential trends, as a reference for present decision-making in the field of preeclampsia.	5
Each panel reports results on the number of residual publications in the indicated performance bin.	0
The aim of the present study is to explore the essential elements that Indian policymakers should probe while negotiating the proposed one nation, one subscription idea.	1
We aggregated results by country according to the UN regional groups—Africa, Asia- Pacific, Eastern Europe, Latin America and the Caribbean, and Western Europe and Others (which includes the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand).	3
6b, we may see that "big data", "deep learning”, “artificial intelligence”, “challenges”, “big data analytics”, “multimedia data", "technologies”, “fog computing", and "smart cities" are the emerging topic trends that occurred in 2018.	5
This suggests that while a small country can expand its research through collaborations, that moving too far from its own research base might not be beneficial in attracting more citations.	5
AJNR Am J Neuroradiol 28:1430-34 | Sep 2007 | www.ajnr.org 1431	0
Given the well-documented biases of the h-index that cause it to poorly reflect on the quality of the research, we excluded it from consideration in our committee and strongly recommend others do so as well.	4
In order to identify whether these factors were associated with article placement order within journal issues, each article within each issue was assigned a Standard Article Placement Index (SAPI), which was defined as the order of the article in the issue/total number of articles in the issue.	3
Several countries in the region remain with no intellectual production on innovation in BMA.	5
This comparison allows us to follow the evolution of the researchers along the career.	3
In this paper we propose to define it by a "squared-form" distribution: this is consistent with many popular bibliometric indices, which reach their maximum value when the distribution is basically a "square".	3
The official sources used for the selection were: the Directorio de Archivos Espa?oles e Iberoamericanos of the Censo-Guía de Archivos of the Ministry of Culture[1], the Portal de Archivos Espa?oles of the Ministry of Culture[2], the Acceso de Archivos of the Portal de Cultura of the Ministry of Defense[3], the Directorio de Archivos of the Ministry of the Interior[4], the Anuario Estadístico of the Conferencia de Archivos de las Universidades Espa?olas[5], the Mapa de los Archivos Universitarios Espa?oles of the University of Castilla-La Mancha[6], the Ranking Web de Universidades del Mundo of the Laboratorio de Cibermetría belonging to the Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas[7], the Asociación de Archiveros de Castilla la Mancha (ACAL)[8], and the Asociación de Archiveros of the Community of Madrid[9].	2
A Python (v3.10.6) Conda environment was used, along with the Python Requests library (v2.28.1), to query the ChemRxiv and Crossref APIs.	3
A growing number of research information systems use a semantic linkage technique to represent in explicit mode information about relationships between elements of its content.	1
Copyright of Communications of the ACM is the property of Association for Computing Machinery and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
The top five journals meeting these requirements were selected for review.	2
In addition, all related journals in the African-based bibliometric databases grouped under African Journals Online were searched.	2
First, papers or patents that cite literature of a certain age range (mean of about 5 years, with a high variance) are roughly twice as likely to be a hit (in the top 5% of citations) than a field's average paper (3).	4
Our results indicate that developing country researchers are underrepresented in all three areas, with little evidence of improvement beyond the growth of North-South collaborations.	5
The IJO website was accessed between July 20, 2014 and August 3, 2014 and we included all issues which were available online between the said dates.	2
A collection of 1018 LIS dissertations published between 1994 and 2018 was retrieved and categorized into three groups based on their majors: Library Science, Information Science and Archive Studies.	2
Special thanks to Federica Compagnino, MD and Silvia Pernigotti, MD, Postgraduate students, who collaborated for the analysis of the data.	0
Received 5 March 2021; Received in revised form 2 February 2022; Accepted 5 February 2022	0
In this article, we investigate if Z-authors actually engage in such strategic behavior.	1
Journals published observational studies in antimicrobial stewardship, genetic association, (infectious disease) molecular epidemiology, rheumatology, response-driven sampling, and routinely collected health data.	2
In theory, subject categories at the core are those with the oldest and strongest relationships.	0
The reported coefficients indicate the effect when the binary variable of interest equals 1.	0
A systematic analysis of the citation interactions reveals the life trajectory of a research field, which generally undergoes three phases—a growing phase, a matured phase and an interdisciplinary phase.	4
Queen Margaret College, Department of Communication and Information Studies, Clerwood Terrace, Edinburgh EH12 8TS, Scotland (UK)	0
Although participants appeared to be familiar with the relevant policy terms, almost none of them found the definition of valorisation self-evident.	4
The Altmetric Attention Score (AAS), Twitter, and Facebook mentions were obtained for each article.	3
The results show that the titles and abstracts of articles copublished are topically closer to each other than those copublished in regular issues, which suggests that their relative importance might influence the total topical distribution.	4
Graphpad Prism 9.4.1 was used to analyse all data.	3
Urban and regional planning anticipates and manages the spatial consequences of	0
This finding indicates that it is reasonable for us to use the Chinese discipline catalogue to conduct this analysis.	0
Our survey shows that chemical engineering research publications tend to comply with a set of requirements: multidisciplinarity, brevity, co-authorship, focus on the description of practical results (rather than methods), and awareness of non-specialised audiences.	4
For multidisciplinary journals the mean RNIF is higher for OA journals than subscription journals.	4
The working sample of CSE with Scopus profiles consisted of 41 researchers, ~47% of the preliminary CSE list displayed in Table 1.	2
As our examples highlight, PMDB’s structure offers great flexibility to query and join multiple data types.	5
In other words, the first component represents the adjusted measures, while the second component represents the unadjusted one, suggesting that the measures falling into these two groups represent different, though correlated, phenomena.	0
Publications count and analysis is one of the bibliometric/scientometric analytic technique.	3
The content coverage indicator showed 100% findability of selected texts in Google, 94% for GS, 90% for EDS, and 68% for LISA.	4
(4) What are the general trends in the research field of academic publishing?	1
Between 2009 and 2014, the articles were cumulatively cited 267 times in 122 different journals.	4
Compared to 2008, African respondents had higher mean values than the rest in measures such as papers written in the last year, papers published in foreign journals, combined measure of journal publications and in total productivity in 2014.	4
Geographic regions differed in the likelihood of having the first (or last) author as corresponding author.	4
Knowledge spillovers, in effect, are like halos over the heads of the highest-quality knowledge producers, reflecting only on those who work directly with the stars.	5
This difference in understandings of 'what is good enough' may have significant implications for potential uptake of knowledge from research in which users are not actively involved.	5
We take here the journal Chaos as a paradigmatic example to perform a scientometric analysis.	1
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
The number of references per paper, perhaps the best single index of a journal's scholarliness, has been studied in different disciplines and periods.	1
This paper aims to evaluate country, region, and publisher performance in environmental engineering in SCImago Journal and Country Rank database between 1999 and 2022.	1
Acknowledgments The author would like to thank Cornelis van Bochove for his comments and support and Cathelijn Waaijer, Robert Tijssen and Ludo Waltman for their suggestions.	0
The second question or challenge posed above corresponds to maximizing a structural flavor of IR recall:	0
Received August 31, 2011; revised October 18, 2011; accepted November 7, 2011	0
This study was aimed at providing evidence of the effects of collaboration among unequal partners on their research priorities.	1
In this paper, we propose two scientific indicators which are helpful for researchers to measure the referential value of papers.	5
Higher proportions of patents are cited in the introduction and methods sections and are only cited once.	4
Of these articles, 212 (25.9%) of them are open under four categories as shown in Table 9.	4
Who are the most prolific authors in MRI research affiliated with Arab countries?	1
The majority of the top cited articles were clinical studies, with the remaining basic research.	4
(9) shows that a researcher will have a high follow-score if (1) he or she publishes papers that have large bibliographic coupling weights with high-scoring authors, or (2) cites a significant number of references.	3
We used electronic databases to retrieve studies published by Filipino neurologists using the 2022 Philippine Neurological Association website as reference.	2
We explore the implications of these findings for the value of journal rankings and for the management of business schools.	5
Among Italian TSs, 35 % have all their publications cited, and 55 % have a maximum of 5 % of their publications uncited.	4
In period 2, there were two burns journals that have published 37.2% of the total articles.	4
After this process, the features we got are listed in Table 7.	0
For each institution in a specific subject area, we count the number of papers published, P, and the as- sociated best paper rate (BPR).	3
but rather to take a pragmatic approach with which present day scientists, academics and researchers can identify.	0
New alternative metrics – altmetrics - have sprung up, but they are not without their own issues, in particular lack of standardization.	5
At the time this study was conducted, she was professor of medicine and health professions education, Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, Maryland; ORCID: http://orcid.org/0000-0002-2997-6133.	0
The citation number of each paper was obtained from Google Scholar.	2
The more recent data collected for this study, when compared to the data collected by Yates and Chapman (2007), clearly demonstrates that references to monographs are indeed declining relative to other formats.	5
The quantity, quality and visibility of publications by information science academics in Kenya can be enhanced by training the lecturers on scholarly communication; accrediting journals and publishers; increasing research funding; strengthening research collaboration; increasing scholarly forums and platforms; and balancing lecturers' teaching and research workloads.	5
What are the data mining related subject terms in the LIS research domain?	1
Taken as a whole, our data show a tension between authors' attempts to have their work recognized in the sea of available scholarship and readers' general reluctance to embrace stylistic titles.	5
The Pearson's correlations are also shown in Table 2 and Figures 1–3 show the key relationships between X/F, X and NIRF score as scatter plots.	4
Using the web based tool Impact Story, we collected metrics for 20,000 random publications from the Web of Science.	2
geographic reach, as represented by the countries and languages of citing authors,	3
1 Growth tendency of SCI-EXPANDED publications on wastewater-energy nexus research over the last 40 years	0
The co-occurrence map for the same is presented in Figure 1.	3
The classifications ‘first author articles’, ‘corresponding author articles’ and ‘single author articles’ provide deep insight into the features of contribution.	3
They come from four disciplines: Biological sciences, Engineering, Information sciences, Physical sciences.	2
The paper analyses the 89 leading international journals in the ISI category of "Business-Finance" using quantifiable Research Assessment Measures (RAMs).	1
This paper aims to provide an in-depth analysis of one of the ERC's thematic panels within the social sciences, namely the SH2 "Political Science" panel.	1
The 20 countries were selected by the size of their scientific output and their size within the global network of international collaboration.	2
From qualitative analyses of 120 students' paraphrase samples, we identified seven plagiarism dimensions and employed a five-point Likert-scale to rank each dimension's severity.	2
To this aim, after the end of the project, we began mobilizing a large set of literature covering sociology of science and S&T indicators to help us in this hermeneutic process—rather than as theoretical devices to develop hypotheses to be tested as in more conventional scholarly work.	3
The impact of ophthalmology papers from USA is outstanding.	5
Referee calibration does not change significantly the quartile classification operated by a panel.	5
Finally, this study represents an example of the benefits that recently developed techniques in natural language processing - still not widely adopted in scientometric research – might bring to the mapping of the scientific literature, especially in the case of big and fast-growing fields like climate change research.	5
In this process we outline the ways that interdisciplinary, intersectional feminist research must be central to scholars' engagement with gendered power differences and inequities in academia, and barriers associated with achieving these goals.	1
PhD students, postdoctorate researchers, and assistant, associate, and full professors).	2
In what follows, we will argue that, regardless of what fixed values are attached to the different authorship positions, this will, in most cases, end up being misleading and unfair.	3
We thank three anonymous referees for many instructive comments and Daniel Chamovitz, Dan Graur, Eli Levy Karin, Lior Noy, Omer Eilam, and Naama Kopelman for suggestions.	0
The final search strategy for this paper is presented in Table 4; it just uses the core lexical query and expanded lexical query.	3
We compared the consolidated list of OA journals collected from these sources with journals listed in JCR 2012 by matching the ISSN, journal title and abbreviated title, and identified 1,080 OA journals in JCR 2012 (science edition).	2
This study has demonstrated the moderating role of different levels of research variety and their impacts on the curvilinear relationship between team size and research performance, advancing the literature toward collaboration strategies in team building.	5
Received 23 January 2023; Received in revised form 8 August 2023; Accepted 8 August 2023	0
Our analysis indicates that social factors, such as the association with the community and the community inclusiveness are the main driving forces of conference participation dynamics.	5
1 eMarketer is a research enterprise that specially provides data, reports and insights in a digital world.	0
At its broadest sense, millennials are people born between the early 1980s and late 1990s (FEPS – Foundation for European Progressive Studies and ThinkYoung, 2018).	0
This research has highlighted key understandings about the nature of interdisciplinary work in universities that often remains implicit and under-examined.	5
The number of multi-authored articles increased while, the articles from no university institutions decreased.	4
we discover that the numbers of scholars recruited by World Class Universities (WCUs) and non-WCUs surpringly converge with WCUs exhibiting a dramatic decrease in new recruits.	4
This paper analyzes the drawbacks of the MMM method and its widespread extension in the Spanish public education sector, starting with the university system.	5
The ten databases were: Scopus, MEDLINE, Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), BIOSIS Previews (BP), Western Pacific Region Index Medicus (WPRIM), EMBASE, Index Copernicus (IC), Chemical Abstracts (CA), Abstract Journals (AJ), Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST).	2
A number of 1,672 articles were analysed since 2005 until 2014.	2
A total of 1668 articles were published, with 971 included.	4
The authors analyse the dissemination of, and responses to, an open letter distributed and signed in reaction to the introduction of Plan S, before concluding with some thoughts on the potential for evolution of open access in scientific publishing.	2
The first draft of the manuscript was written by Samantha Suter, and all authors commented on previous versions of the manuscript.	0
This study develops a simple and easy-to-calculate indicator based on the inverses of Rank 1; for validation, the results are compared with percentile indicators.	3
Where available, the preprint Altmetric score, a measure of online attention raised by the article on the internet, is also included.	2
We thank John Anderson, Dave Mandy, Craig MacPhee, Peter Mueser, Peter Orazem, Mike Podgursky, Jim Schmidt, and Joe Sicilian for assisting us in the collection of certain data.	0
The average number of citations per document is 23.	4
The WoS (Web of Knowledge) database search showed 123 articles published in 83 different journals, with 252 different authors, from 189 institutions and 36 different countries.	4
A custom Python script was used for data analysis and visualization.	3
This study is more reliable than the previous studies, which collected the altmetric attention score and citation only once.	5
We sought to identify if graduate degrees or professorship status were associated with increased research productivity among Canadian academic surgeons.	1
There was a major increase in Malay participation in research, which has risen from 20 % of researchers in 1982–1984 to 65 % in 2012–2014, with corresponding declines in the percentages of Chinese and Indian authors, although their absolute numbers have increased because Malaysian scientific output has increased so rapidly in the last 10 years.	4
Specifically, our models integrate scientists' institutions, countries and collaborators as valuable prior information and jointly evaluate the research ability of scientists from different institutions.	3
The second part explores the main benefits of trial participation for researchers and includes four blocks of variables: 1.	3
In every case centralization is well above the reported in the literature (Acedo et al., 2006), corroborating that some accounting scholars enjoy a privileged position in the social network, leading to an oligarchic research community that is consistent with the invisible college hypothesis (H1) (de Solla Price, 1963).	4
This study contributes to the science of teamwork by providing quantitative evidences to support flat structure for effective team collaboration through analyzing the relationship between team power dynamics and team impact using 7.7 million teams from five disciplines.	5
The only exceptions are the articles published in Gold Access, which show a significant but negative relationship with the citation count.	4
Using data from the UK's most recent national research assessment exercise, our study shows that journal rank is positively associated with the expert scores in business and management and that (a) this relationship does not differ for institutions that declare adherence to DORA principles, and (b) it is stronger for prestige journals.	5
From the 'Unit of Occupational Rehabilitation and Ergonomics, “Salvatore Maugeri” Foundation, Clinica del Lavoro e della Riabilitazione, IRCCS, Rehabilitation Institute of Veruno (NO), Italy and 2Department Medicina Fisica y Rehabilitacion, Universidad Complutense, Madrid, Spain	0
Division for Science and Innovation Studies, Administrative Headquarters of the Max Planck Society, Hofgartenstr.	0
Before the introduction of WoS v.5 in 2009, the categories were referred to as ISI Subject Categories.	0
Early career funding is the first prestigious funding secured by young scientists that allows them to debut on a nationally recognised foundation, and this raises the question of the impact of an early debut on scientists.	1
The current study confronts the growing scepticism and examines the patterns of the China-Africa research collaboration.	1
This structural similarity between two empirical patterns in scientodiversity and two in biodiversity strongly suggests that the mechanisms underlying them should be similar.	5
To further enhance the robustness of our finding, we also employed Propensity Score Matching (PSM) to identify gender pairs within career stages.	3
The results show a gradual increase in the number of citations and published documents, and this trend is expected to remain eulogised in the coming years.	4
About 55% of all articles are available as a working paper as well.	4
Study 1 uses survey data gathered in April 2014 from senior scholars employed at universities in Poland and specializing in business-related fields, e.g.	2
Received 3 June 2024; Received in revised form 24 September 2024; Accepted 24 September 2024	0
In addition, it was observed that COVID-19 articles received a higher number of citations compared to non-COVID-19 articles (p <0.001).	4
This paper analysed 200 papers related to the enhancement of research productivity from various research databases such as Science Direct, IEEE and Scopus.	2
We consider that science is moving rapidly to find solutions to international health problems but access to this knowledge by society is not so quick due to several limitations (open access policies, corporate interests, etc.).	5
For further analysis, a joint database of 47 articles is developed (duplicates in both databases are removed).	2
The current study undertakes a quantitative examination of the motivational preference of a United Kingdom-based sample of research active scientists across five dimensions of work motivation.	1
Scientific articles are indicators of research interest and record the published efforts in every country1.	0
Artworks that received an average score above 5.0 were published in the exhibition of choice and displayed to all participants, and their creators were given a monetary reward.	3
An ethics waiver for the study has been obtained on 6 April 2018 from the Medical Ethics Review Committee of the Academic Medical Center, University of Amsterdam (reference number W18_112).	0
For the opinion-based study, increase the number of respondents providing judgments of journal quality.	1
4 Manchester Institute of Innovation Research, Alliance Manchester Business School, University of	0
A subsidiary aim is to determine whether Chinese scholars are any different from their foreign counterparts.	1
This study aims at providing an analysis of the literature regarding the relationships between metrology, agriculture, and food.	1
Proportion of documents associated with a DOI published by each journal	0
These 129 journals account for 30.12% of the total number of papers acknowledged reviewers, while these 129 journals only account for 0.0055% of the total number of journals in the Scopus database.	4
In exploiting the use of AI to drive inquiry-based teaching, the findings of this study provide some insight into possible enablers and inhibitors in the use of AI for inquiry in the classroom.	5
For physicists and economists, preprints are an essential feature of their respective OAR landscapes, whereas for clinical medics final published articles have a central role.	4
The table reports the estimates based on the model specification in Eq.	0
208 organisations (18%) were practice organisations, which published 241 (13%) research articles, including 28 publications where more than one practice organisation contributed to the research.	4
The primary data for this study are PubMed-indexed publications with the associated bibliographic data extracted from the full Clarivate Analytics Web of Science database.	2
This study is interesting and meaningful, but also has some limitations.	5
This area of knowledge has still an intense concentration of research activity in the Mexico City metropolitan area: 52.2% of the researchers, 59.4% of the Mexican production and 55.3% of the total number of citations.	5
3 Scatter plots with Pearson correlation (r) of the position of the most successful week in artist careers (W?) with W2, W3, W4, and W5, respectively.	0
To identify the CS subfields that are most relevant to AI research, we construct a citation network using all CS papers published within each decade from 1950 to 2018.	3
A first dimension (the horizontal axis) captures the process of creation, in which the focus spans from its internal and external antecedents, such as opportunity identification and venture capital.	4
A "trivial" error was considered one that did not materially change methods reporting, interpretation of data, or conclusions.	3
For this purpose, we analyzed 495 articles published by 50 university professors in the social sciences and humanities over the period 2017–2021.	1
The mean distance bridged indicator in Table 4 provides a simple summary of the extent to which boundaries were crossed in the different dimensions during the collaboration.	4
The method we used to assign the Research Guarantor to each paper can be summarized in the following three steps, which we shall discuss using an example published by Moya et al.	3
In educational technology, the overall international collaboration rate is 2.05%, which is significantly different from those based on the statistics of the coauthored papers in natural sciences or engineering indexed in Wok, such as 16% in desalination research (Tanaka & Ho, 2011), 19% in thermodynamics (Fu & Ho, 2012), and 16% in solid waste research (Fu, Ho, Sui, & Li, 2010).	4
In conclusion, and as a possible or temporary alternative to the complications and expense of developing fine-grained local PRFS models (Aagaard, 2015), a case can be made for discussing and re-evaluating the current weight ratios between book and non-book publication types in PRFS at the national or regional level.	5
The regression with the length of title as the dependent variable was done by ordinary least squares (OLS).	3
After exclusion of accidentally collected 112 non-scholarly articles, and 192 articles falling outside LIS, altogether 1,210 scholarly LIS articles published in 2015 formed the content-analytic sample articles.	2
Scientists are facing enormous pressures posed by growing scientific communities and stagnant/reduced funding.	4
We also used Gephi to visualize these networks.	3
The results show a dramatic difference across conditions (Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, D = 0.3521, P<0.001).	4
It is shown that the h-index satisfies all the equalities and inequalities we investigate but the g-index does not always, while it is always possible to find a counterexample involving the R-index.	4
In addition, we also consider viewership as an exposure metric where institutional collaborated articles garner almost double that of international.	3
This article looks at the government's policy of research prioritization, specifically with regard to the arts and humanities, which have traditionally been considered one of Irish higher education's core strengths.	1
The “bibliometrix” (Aria and Cuccurullo, 2017) and "rscopus" (Muschelli, 2019) packages in R were used for data collection.	2
Acknowledgments We are grateful for the support and assistance of Iris Chapuis, Isabelle Collin and Muriel Mioulet from the ESC National Cardiac Societies Relations Department at Heart House.	0
Thus, '1' stands for the (article, author) pair that has received the largest number of 1-gen citations, '2' stands for the second best (article, author) pair, etc.	0
The data were then analysed based on various groups, such as gender, country of residence, and contribution type, using appropriate multivariate statistical techniques to determine the perceptions and experiences of participants in the peer-review process.	3
We calculate the correlation between Scopus citations and the counts from four sources (Mendeley, Twitter, CiteULike, Facebook) using two methods including correlation coefficient and scatter diagram.	3
The more accumulated the level of analysis, the higher the correlations.	4
We conducted a retrospective database search of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tool (NIH REPORTER) to collect data regarding the distribution and characteristics of federally-funded grants awarded to emergency medicine (EM) principal investigators between 2010-2017.	2
TP/Pop: total publications; TC/Pop: total citations per million inhabitants; R: Rank.	0
The journal MIS Quarterly shows the highest scores of publication and citation in the h-core (X?	4
The perceived barriers most commonly identified by respondents included difficulty in finding time to conduct research (55%), difficulty in securing funds to cover publication charges (53%), and few opportunities to obtain local, state, or national research grants (47%).	4
A total of 124 neurosurgeons with multiple profiles were identified.	4
in fact the average h-indexes of these economists in Google and ISI are 6.85 and 0.90, respectively.	4
A co-word analysis was conducted, based on the assumption that the core contents of a scientific field can be represented by a set of signal words.	3
Keywords: acknowledgment, authorship, ghost author, guest author, mentor, responsible conduct of research (RCR)	0
The good news we found is that different citation frequency weighting schemes bring out different aspects of author citation impacts.	5
After three years of engaging with schools and colleges to adopt GTScholar as a faculty profile system, only one school (out of 30 at Georgia Tech) successfully used it for annual activity reporting.	4
Molecular biology and biochemistry both attempt to understand the physicochemical basis of life, but from different perspectives.	0
Finally, a total of 77,886 articles were retrieved.	2
Where the outcome is not binomial but has more than two possible values, we have applied a multinomial GLM model which we applied using the multinom function from the nnet package (version 7.3-12) in R.	3
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ulca20	0
Three-field plots were employed to elucidate the relationship between three distinct pieces of information.	3
The paper is organised as follows: Section 2 presents the theory and hypothesis, Section 3 describes the data, Section 4 discusses the model and the main results, Section 5 provides robustness checks, Sections 6 shows the average marginal effects of the negative binomial models, and Section 7 concludes.	0
The analyzed projects are directly related to the issue of sustainability in the natural protected areas of Tamaulipas, associated in this case to the interactions that are generated for the development of research projects in these specific contexts.	5
The thematic evolution also reveals the development and future development trend of ecopreneurship.	5
We gathered data on a number of content-related characteristics, including the number of equations, tables, figures, and appendices contained in each article.	2
Access provided at 24 Oct 2019 15:20 GMT from Durham University	0
The study mapped scientific production related to Vibrio outbreak from 1990 to 2019, identified trend, institutional/international concerted efforts toward outbreak research/response and gaps for future preparedness.	1
In summary, with Impact Factor remaining the most widely utilised metric of assessing journal quality and performance, citations continue to play a major role in grading and assessing scientific publications.	5
A system which opens up for customization of the author list on an article to reach more credit than a single author would produce for an institution, can not be neither good nor sensible.	5
An approach to this was exemplified by the Open University in the UK, where a new promotion route that recognized and rewarded academics for public engagement was developed through iterative university-wide consultations (Holliman et al., 2015).	4
Purposeful and opportunistic sampling was used to target a range of researchers at various stages of their academic career, with experiences of applying for/ obtaining funding and/or fulfilling reporting requirements for several UK funding organisations.	3
Moreover, we discuss the relationship between citations and tweets for Nature articles by publication year, discipline, and Twitter user type to explore whether both types of metrics measure similar concepts.	1
The studies mentioned in paragraphs above provide a useful insight into the measure- ment of multidisciplinarity or, in general terms IDR (Inter Disciplinary Research, Wagner et al.	0
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
Third, the results supported the claim that hybrid similarities outperform the application of their individual components.	4
The chief empirical finding is a null one: reviews do not predict citations in a number of plausible specifications.	5
Our final dataset has 61,039 documents (28,283 for Spain and 32,756 for France).	2
the Council Committee on Chemical Safety will conduct a symposium on "Uniform Identification Systems for Hazardous Materials."	0
Szust and applied on her behalf to the editorial boards of 360 journals.	2
Acknowledgments The author wishes to thank the anonymous reviewer for her/his invaluably helpful comments on an earlier version of this article.	0
Recent research on nearly 27 million scientific papers since 1950, and more than 5 million U.S.	2
Based on a thorough investigation of these special cases we found that so-called authoritative citers play an important role in uniting the two different document types into a special citation chimera.	5
The main finding from the article samples for the years 1965, 1985, and 2005 is the similarity of the distributions in the first two data sets, after which there appear remarkable changes in all aspects of research.	5
To explore this dynamics, we analyze seven years' worth of data used for university rankings by academic subjects from the Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU).	1
We created the faculty-hiring networks by connecting institutions where these 176 faculty are currently employed to institutions where same group of faculty obtained their PhD degrees (training institutions).	3
This was a total of 11 titles in May 2016.	2
To address these 3 concerns, Ioannidis et al.	3
In addition, 39 of the journals with articles cited in a systematic review or meta-analysis had select publications in PubMed Central (PMC) in compliance with public access policies requiring authors of National Institutes of Health-funded research to deposit completed manuscripts in PMC.	4
In conclusion, our study demonstrated lower and less precise ratings for external applicants to teacher positions with bias in ratings significant even when accounting for various measures of teacher qualifications and quality.	5
This new form of analyses of research productivity, and its relation to economic status, reveals novel insights to the dynamics of the economic and research structure of countries.	5
The following section show the main results from the proposed methodology.	0
The gender diversity outcomes suggest that mixed groups may be ideal, and further research in this area is indicated.	4
Citations for non-OR and non-OI articles were higher than those for OR and OI, yet the trend for altmetrics was the opposite (Table S3 and Fig.	4
1 Mean numbers of citations of highly cited original research articles and review articles	0
The first phase was to apply to the Spanish Ministry of Education for a list of academics associated with the computer science area who were active as of December 31, 2009.	2
The dataset used for the analyses, taken directly from Abramo et al. (2018), is a subset of this population, and is made up of professors who satisfy the following two conditions in the period 2001–2010: (1) they are permanently on staff over the whole period, at the same university and SDS; and (2) they have authored at least one publication indexed in WoS.	2
The results of the research are presented considering three bibliometric measures that together allowed a more consolidated analysis of the data: (i) a survey of the scientific and technological activities related to passion fruit peel flour, (ii) citation analysis of patent and publications and (iii) study of scientific and technological collaborations networks about the subject.	1
The findings showed that intentional errors were the most prevalent reasons for retraction.	4
In addition, an investigation of research themes demonstrated that most of the retracted technology articles were associated with simulations, genetic algorithms, mechanical properties, optimisation, adsorption, microstructures, components, neural networks, support vector machines, compressive strength, and data mining.	4
The bibliometric data were exported from the database WoS for further analysis.	3
Among other characteristics, the dataset includes paper citation counts at regular intervals for at least five years from the publication date, by which time many citation statistics stabilize (Larivière, Gingras & Archambault, 2009).	2
The scheme obtained from our systematic classification approach (Fig 3) applied on the selected sample of journals (n = 49 with AIF > 3.0 between 2013 and 2014, Fig 2C) identifies 14.3% (n = 7) invalid IF increases (Fig 4A).	4
The data collected for this study were obtained from responses to a questionnaire and interviews.	2
Since citation rates for journal papers differ substantially across publication years and Journal of Economic Literature classification codes, citation rates should be normalised for the comparison of papers across different time periods and economic subfields.	1
Sij is the share of the number of publications in field i relative to the number of all publications from the institution j, as given by the formula Sij = vij/Σi'∈I vij'.	3
Sweden and the UK had much higher percentages of both other European and Rest of the World researchers than Italy did.	4
Future research is needed to reveal the underlying causes of these performance differences, which may include funding and productivity gaps, the historical legacy of the communist ideology, and Web of Science coverage differences.	5
First, we conducted a quantitative analysis of changes made to the ranking during the consecutive steps of its creation.	3
Therefore, although JournalRank remains the main influence on the institutional assessment outcome, DORA affiliation has no material effect.	4
In the course of the analysis process, we decided to complement the two-stage analytical procedure with the third stage and the section is structured accordingly.	0
Judging from the figures of time transition about in-degree centralities, closeness centralities and betweenness centralities, in-degree centralities can identify the leading papers.	4
Unlike inequality among UoAs and panels, we find that the QR funding income inequality across HEIs was relatively higher in the impact pot than in the output pot, with FTE-weighted Gini coefficients of 0.182 and 0.157, respectively.	4
Based on above results, we think that the citations of international collaboration papers are significantly different according to different international collaboration types.	5
Web of Science continues to be selective, whereas Dimensions provides a much wider and exhaustive coverage.	5
A two-level Personal Acknowledgments Classification (PAC), was used to code types of acknowledgments.	3
Articles randomized to TrendMD showed a 50% increase in mean citations relative to control at 12 months.	4
Using data from UK business schools we find no evidence that the proportion of women in a submission for panel assessment affected the score received by the submitting institution.	2
As shown in Table 1, men submitted an average of 5.9 manuscripts for publication (3.7 as first or solo author), in contrast with women's report of 3.7 publications submitted (2.2 as first or solo author).	4
No country dropped in ranking during the studied years, although a few countries moved from the upper area of a category to the lower area.	4
Only articles from the ISI Web of Science are included in the citations data, which were downloaded from ISI on 10 August 2011 for all journals.	2
The objective of the study was to reveal to the scientific community the journey and evolution that this journal has had throughout its existence in Web of Science.	1
Based on these findings, we came to two main conclusions that lead to the acceptance of some editorial materials as a potentially valid and consistent basis for research assessment procedures, while we still have an important additional consideration on the inclusion of editorial materials in our research assessment procedures.	5
Keywords Orthopedics · Publication research · China · Impact factor · Journal citation reports	0
LR01, longitudinal R01 grant; NS, not significant; R01, NIH Research Project Grant Program; SR01, stacked R01 grant; TTURC, Transdisciplinary Tobacco Research Use Center	0
We collected a large and diverse dataset of 1050 records, comprising 525 non-awardees researchers data and 525 awardees researchers data.	2
The aim of this section is to show how seasonal influences and academic cycles and other factors may affect monthly full text downloads made by users from particular institutions or countries.	0
However, little is known about the research status of respirology in three major regions of China—Mainland (ML), Hong Kong (HK) and Taiwan (TW).	1
Two possible limitations in our methodology should be noted here, although, for the reasons given below, we believe that our data still provides a reasonably accurate picture of the situation that would pertain if citation data was to be used as a PI in a future RAE.	0
With the incomplete information excluded, the final sample includes 1,006 scientists from 45 labs.	2
The study utilized an ex-post facto research design.	3
In conclusion, we are presenting a bibliometric method to capture and classify female scientists that are currently active in research and in each a specific field of computer science.	5
The statistical population includes all the scientific publications of which at least one of the authors mentions SBUMS as the organizational affiliation and they are indexed in the citation indexes of Web of Science from 2009 to 2013.	2
The RO@M team observed the entire process carefully, especially noting any problematic interactions, while encouraging the faculty member to think aloud.	3
Q1 publications were cited, on average, 2.07 times more than Q2 publications (2.41 times for articles plus reviews), however, depending on the area, this ratio varied from 0.9 to 6.1 (from 1.7 to 5.4 times for articles plus reviews).	4
The research activity in pediatric glaucoma (PG) was qualitatively and quantitatively evaluated using a scientometric approach.	1
Information on the number of graduate students and postdoctoral researchers is provided by the Survey of Graduate Students and Postdoctorates in Science and Engineering, which was conducted by the NSF and the National Institute of Health (NIH).	2
Similar methods were used to calculate all the average correlation values (see Table 3).	0
The query was restricted to institutions located in the GS: 103 countries in total, including all countries in LAC, Africa, and Asia except for Hong Kong, Japan, South Korea, Macau, Singapore, and Taiwan (International Telecommunications Union - ITU, 2018; Wikipedia, 2015).	2
We therefore used the most appropriate model—a zero-inflated negative binomial regression model (Long & Freese, 2006).	3
Thus, the only inclusive result of these statistical analyses is that just one cultural dimension of survival versus self-expression values seems to be a predictor of national citation impact.	4
are consistently classified in this cluster across approaches): The first type uses complete data using a supra-institutional database and relying on labels or rankings to evaluate books in their formalized evaluation procedures (BE/FL, FI).	4
In the natural science, Biological Sciences has the highest sum of degrees, and Other Natural Sciences has the highest average of weighted degree (i.e., degree centrality).	4
Using unique survey data from over 2000 life scientists, we find that the predictors of authorship differ from those of inventorship.	4
and Y?); Scientometrics has the highest scores in publication and citation in the h-tail (X?	4
All analyses were performed by using a statistical software package (JMP 9.0; SAS Institute, Cary, NC; www.jmp.com).	3
The results show that the network of the French Medical Ethics research community is fragmented with over 87 disjointed components and is devoid of a healthy giant or largest component (see Table VI and Figure 5).	4
The resulting list is composed of 102 conferences.	2
AAS was not significantly associated with citation counts, even after removing the less likely to have been cited recent studies (time since publication ≤2 years).	5
In this study, we propose to use the method to identify important researchers, institutions, and countries in the context of breakthrough research.	1
Download rates of academic journals have joined citation counts as commonly used indicators of the value of journal subscriptions.	1
The authors extend their gratitude for the support received during the postdoctoral stay for strengthening vocations and training in Science, Technology, and Innovation for economic reactivation in the post-pandemic context.	0
Second, across scientific disciplines, how is the sector affiliation (i.e., public, private, government) of collaborators related to negative collaboration experiences?	1
If a reference did not have one of the elements, an NA was entered in that field.	0
This is a cross-sectional study based on existing reports on national budget laws (http://shenasname.ir/1391-09-30-20-01-30/budjet/1393/2248-jadavel93.html), scientometrics data, evaluation results of research activities in Iranian universities of medical sciences (UMSs) and research centers, international organizations and so on from 2001 to 2015.	2
It shows how institutional infrastructures can enable effective journal publishing.	1
We used a five-point Likert scale for the 23 attitude statements reflecting either approval or disapproval of plagiarism.	3
(2017) who provide an analysis of IB research in 149 journals from 2007 to 2015.	4
Findings from this work can be helpful for other scholars in establishing potential future research lines related to Industry 4.0 in Vietnam.	5
Authors' affiliations: 'Department of Medical Librarianship and In- formation Sciences, Faculty of Management and Medical Information Sciences, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Center for Gifted and Talented Students, Medical Education and Development Center (EDC), Iran University of Medical Sciences, Department of Biotechnology, Cellular & Molecular, and Burns Research Centers, Iran University of Medical Sciences, Tehran, 4Department of Medical Librarianship and Information Sciences, Faculty of Allied Medicine, Hamadan Univer- sity of Medical Sciences, Hamadan, Department of Health Sciences Management, Science and Research Branch, Islamic Azad University, Tehran, Iran.	0
This “explore with caution" strategy seems to be the best tradeoff between the risk of moving to new fields and taking advance of the work done in the past.	5
Therefore, we decided to elaborate the focus of their research by observing changes in their research performance during three periods, namely before obtaining the AAAS fellowship, after obtaining the AAAS fellowship and before receiving the NMS, and after receiving NMS.	3
As Table 1 shows, the time span of the data set ranges from 1945 to September 2015.	2
One important contribution of the Stapel case is to shed light on the fact that episodes of fraud are not only investigations about the merits of accusations, but also moments when the very content of scientific rules is disputed and their scope extended.	5
All the information was exported in CSV format to the Sequel Pro software for data analysis.	3
Laboratory for Studies of Research and Technology Transfer, School of Engineering, Department of Management, University of Rome “Tor Vergata", Via del Politecnico 1, 00133 Rome, Italy	0
The objective of most clustering applications is only to identify clusters in the data.	0
In particular, we find that highly productive scientists tend to have a higher fraction of single-topic collaborators, while highly cited—i.e., impactful-scientists have a higher fraction of multitopic collaborators.	4
The results of this research provide the scientific community with reliable, up-to-date information about the state of L2R research and trends, and will enable researchers to develop valuable studies to reinforce research, development and innovation.	5
Therefore, the results from this method were treated as the reference source.	0
We thus use both the Poisson and Negative Binomial models in our regressions to find the most consistent and significant results in measuring the impact of government grants and of network position on the quantity of scientific publications (represented by nbPaperit of academic researcher i in year t) and on the publication quality (represented by nbCitation5it).	3
This paper proposes a novel entitymetrics approach by exclusively focusing on citation sentences.	1
To study the operation of Diamond OA journals in-depth, a survey and interviews with editors of 20 Diamond OA journals were conducted.	2
Thus, the proposed approach provides diversity to the recommendation.	5
The literature search was performed in January 2016 using WoS with the following string: (['logistics education' OR 'supply chain'] AND education AND [skills OR capabilities OR competences])	2
Experimental results show better results than baseline for the number of indices, including the author h-index, the journal impact factor (JIF), and the Nature Index after three years from publication.	4
The strength centrality of Chinese scientists' flow network follows the Pareto principle.	4
This article has been accepted for publication in a future issue of this journal, but has not been fully edited.	0
Integrating the first author's six "identities”, the combined Scopus h-index for the first author is 29 (24 excluding self-citations) while that for the second author is 11 (10 excluding self-citations) for the 2002–2017 period and including papers published in 1998–2017 and 1993–2017, by the first and second author, respectively.	4
The mean number of authorships per paper in this group was 2.32, which means the majority of the papers are coauthored with two or three authors.	4
FIGURE 1: Sketch of the average review time of a type of journal (T).	0
The rationale for monitoring mainly has to do with being able to follow up on the development of open science and research on national and organisational level.	5
The Board of Management and Trustees of the British Journal of Anaesthesia 2000	0
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the contribution of authors from the three countries in East Asia, i.e., China, Japan and Korea in the field of public, environmental and occupational health.	1
The Price index (Price) was found to be the strongest influencing factor on citations.	4
We also determined whether the journal allowed authors to archive post-prints (peer-reviewed versions of articles, but not necessarily with the publisher’s formatting)—known as green OA, and the length of the embargo period for archiving post-prints.	3
In the present study, two different sentiment analysis models are used: TextBlob, and VADER (for Valence Aware Dictionary and sEntiment Reasoner) (Hutto and Gilbert 2014).	3
Citation: Mietchen D (2014) The Transformative Nature of Transparency in Research Funding.	0
Logistic rather than linear regression is used because the dependent variable is a binary variable: the units i are references cited in articles that are themselves highly-cited (y?	3
The visual representation of the used keywords in WoS used since 1992 is shown in Fig.	0
We argue that including higher-order momenta (such as the skewness) in the rescaling procedure can be an efficient way to further reduce the rankings’ level of bias.	5
The impact factor of 48.1% of these SCI-E journals was higher than the Turk J Phys Med Rehab and 51.9% were lower or the same.	4
The dataset concerns approximately 29,000 Italian professors representing 200 scientific fields.	2
During residency and in the 4 years following defense, residents published a median of 5 (2–10) total publications, 2 (1–6) OA, and 1 (0-3) first-author manuscripts.	4
The searching keyword phrase “Ambio” was searched as a publication name based on SCI-EXPANDED.	2
Table 5 shows that SciDetect can only detect a partially generated document if the automatically generated part reaches a certain length.	4
This study presents part of the results published in an earlier study by Zhang and Gl?nzel (2012)4 as well as new applications of these methods.	1
This tool, located on the ESC website, should foster collaboration among the different NSCJs and also broaden exposure from diverse scientific sites and ESC official journals.	5
Once the three types of indicators are collected, the Borda count method [48,49] is used to combine them to generate the final ranking score for each university.	3
Based on bibliometric and altmetric data collected for over 40,000 articles in the field of biology, we found that the timing of tweets and the type of Twitter accounts affect the amount of attention that a scientific publication receives on social media.	4
According to our findings from the two tests, there is no evidence to support either the “editor-pressure” hypothesis or “editor-selection” hypothesis in all journals of our dataset; this finding leads us to conclude that “self-selection” may be a more significant cause of the effect of editorship on citations as long as these three hypotheses exhaust possible explanations for the editor effect on citations.	5
The main objective of this study is to determine the quantity, impact, publication channels and collaborative evidence in biomedical literature in top-producing countries in West Africa during 2005 to 2014.	1
Therefore, the purpose of the current study is to examine the behavior of the connected research publications in LIS and information systems (IS) from 2010 to 2019.	1
Our data do not allow us to test hypotheses about mechanisms underlying the gender discrepancies we observed, but strongly support the conclusion that papers authored by women have lower acceptance rates and are less well cited than are papers authored by men in ecology.	5
In this subset, the cited papers that had at least one co-author in common with the citing paper were removed from the list of cited references.	3
The text in parentheses at the end of each factor indicates the abbreviated code of the corresponding factor being used throughout this study.	0
The questions investigated are as follows: Which countries are the most important partners of Vietnam's SSH?	1
If we control for this bias, we find that the correlation between assessor scores and between assessor score and the number of citations is weak, suggesting that scientists have little ability to judge either the intrinsic merit of a paper or its likely impact.	4
'Cracks' in the scholarly communications system: Insights from a longitudinal international study of early career researchers	1
The nation with the highest level of NSI research activity was the USA with n = 1,237 articles.	4
The external standard classification scheme we used to represent scientific disciplines is the Classification of Instructional Programs (CIP) from the United States National Center for Education Statistics, which provides a taxonomic scheme for reporting, tracking, and assessing fields of study and program completions in secondary and tertiary education in the USA.	2
Manuscript received on January 22, 2013; accepted for publication on June 12, 2013	0
In this appendix, the median of the patent lifetime distribution is derived based on the Pareto/NBD model.	0
Submitted outputs were initially drawn from (or “skewed” toward) the most recent years in each census period.	5
Taking non-EE countries also into account, researchers from most of the EE countries mostly collaborated with authors in the USA (Fig.	4
The results indicated that after the workshop, children showed a notable increase in interest in sciences, likely attributed to practical activities and demonstrations that facilitated direct interaction with scientific concepts, departing from traditional memorization approaches.	4
Imam Yuadi, Department of Information and Library Science, Airlangga University, Jalan Airlangga 4-6, Surabaya, Jawa Timur 60286, Indonesia.	0
Between 2006 and 2008, the papers were less concentrated in the main scientific centers than during the emergence period.	4
The findings reveal that interdisciplinarity does not significantly impact faculty members' research performance, but it does contribute to the quality of research outcomes.	4
Notwithstanding, the first hypothesis of this work is that, in general, articles funded by both the public and private sectors will provide better results, in terms of impact, than other types of items.	1
Dividing the 2,072 authors by the 1,182 articles yielded a mean value of 1.753 authors per research article over the study period, ranging between 1.657 in 2007 and 1.923 in 2011 (figure 3).	4
Path analysis is used to examine the strength of direct and indirect relationships among variables (Streiner 2005, Lleras 2005), disentangling processes underlying a particular outcome.	3
This leaves the one valid root ^g2 in the interval ^g?	0
Funding: This research was supported by the National Social Science Foundation of China under Grant 17BGL031.	0
To this end we examine the example of academic journals publishing and stock market.	1
The developmental method has a high potential to optimize scientific production and facilitate researchers' studies on bibliometric analysis considering the volume of data currently available.	5
Records representing 90 recent Nobel laureates were found in Table S4 in Ioannidis et al. (2019) and they were used without corrections.	2
The analysis is based on empirical, statistical methods, and network analysis tools to gain insights about the grant winners' publication patterns and their coauthor networks.	3
Our basic motivating questions in this research are: What factors are important in getting more funding?	1
This paper posits a model that conceptualizes quick citations as a function of center-related authorship, along with the number of authors, year of publication, and field dummy variables.	3
The broader aim is to improve understanding of the causal nexus between research collaboration and performance.	1
In this bibliometric analysis we sought to evaluate research that originated from Arab countries in the field of solid waste, as well as its relative growth rate, collaborative measures, productivity at the institutional level, and the most prolific journals.	1
To classify the sample of Russian PI in such a way that similar PI fall into the same group, an unweighted pair-group centroid hierarchical clustering algorithm (UPGMC; Everitt et al. 2011; available in StatSoft Statistica 10) was applied to the distances matrix M (Eq.	3
We also calculated the network density of each UIG relationship.	3
After searching, the results were analyzed with the “Analyze Results” tool from the Web of Science1?, the interface of which is highlighted in Figure 1.	3
By selecting the standard logistic function, the logit model becomes the first choice.	3
After filtering the year of publication between 2016 and September 2021, the initial search was reduced to 1,115 documents.	2
What structural changes have taken place in cyber security research since AI applications came into use?	1
The questionnaire survey is employed in this study and the samples selection covers a wide range of multidisciplinary or interdisciplinary collaboration.	2
To analyse the impact of the ‘Novoselov paper' over time the share of scholarly publications and patent publications citing this publication are calculated for each year.	3
Future steps will involve meeting with faculty in the humanities and fine arts to determine if there are altmetrics indicators that could better assess their scholarly works.	5
Bibliometric methods have been used in many disciplines of science and engineering to measure scientific progress, and are a common research instrument for systematic analysis (Van Raan 2005).	3
Based on an extensive questionnaire survey in three countries, the opinions of researchers are analysed.	1
As regards citation impact, more than half of the journals increased their 3-year impact factors, raising the median value from around 0.2 to 0.9, and almost 40 percent increased their field-normalized impact, the median value of which grew from 0.2 to 0.5.	4
All authors except JO, who was an ORISE fellow placed in the Office of Library Science at CDC, are US government employees (CDC).	0
Applying a genetic algorithm to matrix MET allowed to split the network into two sub-groups, the first being the core, comprising 19 actors that interacted disproportionately, compared to a periphery of more isolated academics: the density of the valued network for the 19 individuals was 4.123, while for the remaining actors was 0.065.	3
In order to establish whether sufficient data exist within WoS and whether they are readily available, a search was performed for papers of document type ‘Book Review' indexed in the database for the latest 12 year period.	2
This percentage is consistent with the systematic literature review and meta-analysis of the quotation accuracy in medical journal articles (Jergas & Baethge, 2015).	5
The authors apply the proposed method to a subset of marketing-related journals from a list of collected journal rankings.	1
In gathering in vivo animal and human evidence of neurotoxicity, the US EPA's 'Developmental Neurotox Reference List' and 'Neurotoxicants from PubMed' Chemical Lists were organized from the CompTox Dashboard's Chemical List Database (EPA, U.	2
To hedge against the randomness of these undetected effects, as well as to evaluate different dimensions of research performance, bibliometricians often resort to a combination of indicators in the evaluation of research, rather than just one.	5
Table 2 provides the label and size of each of the factors in the three sets of results.	0
The procedure starts with a search for all papers published by the authors from the SEE countries within one field (4 fields based on Frascati FOS).	3
Limitation of this study lies in the fact that it encompasses only one single journal (i.e., KMRP).	5
FV paths obtained during local forward, local backward, local key-route and global key-route etc., do not share any common paper with their SPC counterparts, thus U indices value of these 4 pairs are found to be 1.	4
The 10 point criteria are: (a) longevity and availability; (b) promptness and regularity; (c) review policy; (d) editorial quality; (e) internationalization of editorial members and contributors; (f) number of articles per issue; (g) ratio of cited/uncited articles; (h) inclusion of journals in conventional databases; (i) time-delay in publishing, and (j) ethical procedures followed.	3
Our sample comprises 2888 research articles published in one of 60 economics journals in 1994.	2
In more complex multivariate analyses, researchers should consider what variables should be included in the model.	3
Regarding the rankings, there is a relevant positioning (72%) of the universities of cluster 1 in SIR Scimago, in addition, 60% are in the Top 50 of 3 or 4 rankings.	4
The new method introduces a novel design of dual-map thematic overlays on global maps of science.	3
Our findings suggest that a federally supported national effort to train interdisciplinary investigators in a specific domain can be accomplished, with high rates of grant submissions, grant funding, and scientific productivity.	5
Note that the data from 1993 to 1994 are not available in WoS.	2
ExPorter is publicly available data provided by the NIH.	2
Including the advantages of article views, geographical spreading and diffusing.	1
His research interests mainly concern the area of innovation management, including themes such as knowledge creation and transfer, inter-organisational relationships and system dynamics modelling.	0
The present study supports the notion of greater cumulative advantage of citation impact of multi-authored articles over single-authored ones.	5
The impact ranking was first compared to the number of articles published.	3
We show that female and male researchers have roughly the same amount of publication per year but women produce more human resources.	4
The list is dominated by sociologists and political scientists.	4
In the JCR 2020 version, 205 Medicine, General and Internal journals are obtained.	2
The interaction term—number of research areas by dependence on external knowledge—is negatively signed in Models 3 and 4 in Tables 3 and 4; both are statistically and negatively significant (β=?	4
In summary, our objective was to cross-validate relationships obtained in prior research (DuBois et al., 2015b) and to determine whether impulsivity, work stressors, and RCR knowledge explain variance in performance on the PDR in a sample of funded researchers.	1
The majority of the academic librarians agreed that author fees (Article Processing Charges) and low impact factor of journal are barriers to publishing in Open Access journals.	4
To rule out alternative explanations, we leverage two additional inference techniques, Coarsened Exact Matching (CEM)61,62 and fuzzy Regression Discontinuity (RD)63,64.	3
The high Pearson correlation of coefficient of nuclear power stations and number of publications indicated that national scientific activities in NST field is closely related to national demand, interests, and policy.	5
Microsoft Academic also found more citations than Google Books in six fields for all years.	4
not discontinued) in the Source title list in September 2018 version (215 items).	3
Paper level method, separating the credit diffusion process among papers from the credit allocation process among coauthors, is reliable and robust.	5
A significant component of the assessment (for articles or books published more than three years prior to the assessment) is the determination of reference values of a document's bibliometric and scientometric indicators against the components of its objective context.	5
To conclude, sleep researchers looking for the most prestigious journals can trust the impact factors to correspond with the top three journals.	5
Rather than identifying predictable patterns of use, the data highlight the diversity of sources used even in a very narrow field of literary scholarship, a pattern that matches the overall patterns observed in literary studies and the humanities as a whole.	5
We detected three modules: (1) antidepressants and disorders, (2) patients and providers, and (3) academic disciplines and psychotherapies (Fig.	4
The number of awards increased significantly over time for other departments and departments of psychiatry (estimated slopes of 3.05 and 2.38, respectively) and did not differ from one another.	4
The results show that for some, but not all, journal articles blogged in RB tend subsequently to receive more citations than other articles from the same journal.	5
Other conferences outnumbered Astro/ Particle conferences in this sample by a factor of 2.8, but the latter generated 1.7 times as many original tweets as the former.	4
The findings of this research may suggest that social media can be used effectively to spread academic ideas in the real and online worlds while considering the features of social media and related policies in different countries.	5
We find that as to evaluating the quality of their research, scholars have the most trust in colleagues in their field (H1).	4
We examined their publication and citation productivity before their projects started and 3 to 9 years later.	3
To illustrate this, we selected three journals with widely different IFs: Physical Review B (PRB) (IF = 3.26 in 1992), Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA (PNAS) (10.48), and Cell (33.62).	2
Creative Commons licences adopted by journals were retrieved from four different sources: journals websites, national SciELO portals, the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ; https://doaj.org/) and Crossref (https://www.crossref.org/).	2
The authors' interests led to the following research questions:	1
A recent knowledge productivity assessment exercise performed was the Italian Evaluation of Research Quality (ERQ), concerning the 2004-2010 period of research activity (ANVUR ANVUR Final Report, 2013).	2
The characteristics of co-authorship networks in lodging studies are not much different from those observed in other disciplines, including computer science (Acedo et al., 2006), sociology (Moody, 2004), strategic management (Koseoglu, 2016), and tourism and hospitality (Ye et al., 2013).	5
57% of the survey population seems to believe that participation in clinical trials did not open entrepreneurial opportunities in terms of spin-offs or start-ups.	4
The United States played a leading role in this topic.	4
The study reveals that instead of getting shorter, articles in these journals are getting longer over time.	4
However, renewable energy production experiences substantial disruptions resulting from geopolitical risk.	4
What are the constituent dimensions, component elements and connotation of discourse power of academic journals?	1
This article presents results from analysis of data collected at a university in four types of undergraduate sociology classrooms using mixed-methods, including social network analysis, student reflections, and an alumni survey.	2
Out of the twenty networks, approved at the time of the study, 18 HRNs completed the processes of evaluation.	2
The National University of Singapore (NUS) is the most contributing author-affiliated institution with 21 articles in JGIM between 2002 and 2020.	4
Most were coded as positive (68% for SC and 47% for WS), and there was also a small positive correlation between SC and WS (r=0.2).	4
We address the skew of citations in the following analyses by log-transforming counts or using nonparametric measures (i.e., ranks) and statistical tests (i.e., Kolmogorov-Smirnov [KS]).	3
The results also suggest that the scoring rubric is not applied the same way by all studies, and one of the likely reasons is because it was found to be too abstract and in need to be further refined.	5
For Twitter users in Other disciplines, where public outreach activity appears to be less ingrained, conference tweeting is used in a much more functional way: the focus is on social and practical topics regarding the conference.	5
This work has been founded by Spain's Ministery of Science through grants BFM2003-03372 and FIS2006-12117.	0
A new simple bibliometric indicator is based on the number of highly cited papers (as defined by WoS?).	1
The highest-impact science is primarily grounded in exceptionally conventional combinations of prior work yet simultaneously features an intrusion of unusual combinations.	4
However, from the current layout of most libraries' homepages, the practice of bibliometrics and research data management services is rarely indicated.	5
The list of currently indexed journals in PubMed was extracted from the NLM catalog (“Home-NLM Catalog—NCBI” 2020).	2
Multiple years of journal usage, ranking, and citation data for twelve disciplines were combined in Excel, and the strength of relationships were determined using rank correlation coefficients.	3
The results reveal a positive and significant effect on the number of publications (β = 0.232, p <0.1) but not on the number of grant submissions.	4
In view of this, this paper identifies the core patents of nano-luminescent materials based on the cited frequency of patents, that is, the out-degree of nodes.	3
The construction of the data sample followed the MADAP (Multifaceted Analysis of Disciplines through Academic Profiles) method (Martín-Martín, Orduna-Malea, & Delgado López-Cózar, 2018), which consisted basically of four steps: identification of authors, location of academic profiles for those authors, extraction of author-level metrics from each platform, and, lastly, statistical data analysis.	3
A multistage disproportionate stratified random sampling technique was applied to select a sample of two hundred agricultural scientists (n=200), hundred each from different cadres of the HPI and LPI.	2
We only included original research articles and we excluded other articles like book reviews or editorials.	2
Spanish public universities are financed partly by the number of graduates in their first year.	4
Codes for sources: R – RePEc, C – Scopus CiteScore, S – SCImagoJR, L – LogEc, R&L match of RePEc and LogEc, I – InCites, A – Altmetrics, CL – Combes and Linnemer, GS - Google Scholar.	0
To gain insights into how science becomes technology, we focused on graphene (which shows promise in batteries, sensors, flexible displays and other technologies) as a case study.	1
The problems indicated in the citation count should be taken into account and solved.	5
The network analysis showed weak collaboration between health economic researchers in Sub-Saharan Africa, with researchers being more likely to collaborate with Europe and North America than with other African countries.	4
As shown in Table 1, the regression coefficients of ISM and ISC networks are both positive and significant (p < 0.01), indicating that the phenomenon of the two networks having a high degree of spatial matching (see Figures 1 and 2) is no coincidence, and there is a high correlation between ISC and ISM.	4
1 having more than four co-authorships, expressed as a number on a [0,1] scale	0
Second, two of this study's researchers scrutinized titles, keywords, and abstracts of all articles published in the abovementioned journals from January 1990 until December 2016.	2
Data records are collected during twenty-year (1990-2010) and one-year periods – as case study - ended 31 December 2008.	2
SADC does not emerge as a research network since it is split between that group linked to Kenya and Nigeria (Bishoff 2010) and a second group most closely linked to South Africa, but which also includes Sudan and Gabon.	4
The R script is freely available upon request to the author and at https://github.com/fw-pfrieger/TeamTree.	0
The study is based on 5201 papers published between 1974 and 2019 covering 290 006 non-distinct cited references (CRs), indexed in science citation index-expanded (SCI-Expanded) of web of science (WoS).	2
In addition, the combined normalised frequencies of adjectives and adverbs per million words in discipline groups of social science and arts and humanities are also higher than those in natural science and applied science.	4
The normalized citation rate peaked in early 1980s, when several groundbreaking studies on nonsmokers were published.	4
Geographic authorship patterns show contributions from a large number of countries, including many low- and middle-income countries.	4
Conflict of interest: The authors declare no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
Acknowledgements We would like to thank Nikolai Schaffner for assisting the research presented in this paper.	0
We test the performance of this measure on the same corpus discussed above, finding that the research output quotient performs very well both over time and across sub-disciplines of astronomy, as shown in Figures 3 and 4.	0
154 JOURNAL OF LIBRARIANSHIP AND INFORMATION SCIENCE, 36 (4) DECEMBER 2004	0
Department of Educational Sciences, Humboldt-Universit?t zu Berlin, Unter den Linden 6, 10099 Berlin, Germany	0
A survey including questions about how the respondent would rank these journals (e.g., three most prestigious journals) was developed.	3
This model will surely gives an insight that the high citation count does not directly relate to the impact of the research paper.	1
Our updating of a subset of the MELIBEA values and weights shows that in combination, three (at least) of the MELIBEA parameters can already predict deposit rate—and hence reflect mandate effectiveness—more closely than the original MELIBEA overall score, which was designed to reflect mandate strength.	5
I carried out a poll of readers of the Dynamic Ecology blog.	2
In many scientific fields, the order of coauthors on a paper conveys information about each individual’s contribution to a piece of joint work.	1
The finalized search string with COVID-19 primary emphasis and keywords used in the TITLE-ABSTRACT-KEYWORDS fields [11, 25, 32, 39, 40] is as follows: “coronavirus 2019” or “COVID 19” or “coronavirus disease 2019” or “2019 novel coronavirus” or “2019-novel CoV” or “COVID 2019” or “2019 ncov” or “COVID19” or “nCoV-2019” or “nCoV2019” or “nCoV 2019” or “COVID-19” or “Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2” or “2019-ncov” or “SARS-CoV-2”.	2
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
We hope our results aid in the instruction of writing in the discipline, and that undergraduate psychology students and authors alike can develop more effective and attractive titles to attract attention from scholars and invite broader audiences to read their work.	5
Here, based on a re-analysis of these data for the 102,740 funded grants with percentile scores of 20 or better, we report that these percentile scores are a poor discriminator of productivity.	1
However, 24 items were removed from further examination due to discrepancies as to whether they were mega-author items or not (i.e., Scopus had a much lower author count), leaving 5,533 items to view.	2
In this paper, we focus on the second concern and analyze whether the DEAL contracts affect incentives for authors in their choice of submission.	1
The paper calculates the harmonic mean (HM) of the ranks of up to 16 RAMs.	3
Additionally, a comprehensive bibliometric evaluation was carried out, encompassing co-authorship and keyword co-occurrence using the VOSviewer software (Van Eck & Waltman, 2010).	3
The data collection is performed on the Web of Science (WoS) and Scopus repository, which are the largest databases for the bibliometric analysis.	2
candidates acquainted with academic elites, thus accelerating the academic socialization process of the Ph.D.	4
The main policy implication is that the effects of administrative barriers to mobility on the diffusion of knowledge must be taken into account when determining immigration, research and development policies.	5
This dataset collects research publications from 35 authoritative Al journals and conferences, after consulting various publication ranking systems such as CCF2, CORE3, and Google Scholar4 (detailed venue list is given in Appendix A).	2
Furthermore, there were 12,920 projects with at least one paper published across 3 NSFC disciplines, and 154,874 papers were published in total.	2
We conclude that academic genealogy offers a great opportunity to assess researchers and their areas of research from the perspective of human resource training.	5
The following table (Table 2) illustrates the distribution of publisher types.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 60(2):410–417, 2009	0
Therefore, this study focused on 316 scholars who were awarded the ACM Fellow title between 2016s and 2020s.	2
The same trend was observed for the indirect effects after carrying out the mediation analysis by categories.	4
The low score on the Usability scale (4.76 on a 10-point scale, SD 1.57) indicates that substance abuse centers have significant room for improvement of their websites.	5
The second provides a ranking based on a whole-of-career individual annual h-index (hIa).	3
The scite index (SI) provides a standardized measure by which one can evaluate the quality of scholarly publishing (e.g., at the journal-level).	3
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that they have no competing interests.	0
The results illustrated marked disciplinary variation as to the degree that faculty decisions to download a journal article can be used as a proxy to predict which journals they will publish in or which journals will cite faculty's work.	4
Taken together, evidence of wider discourses on the key claims and of (partly independent) empirical support for these claims mainly occurs in four of the six cases of the first group.	4
A scatter diagram was plotted for each of the first nine categories using the STATA statiscal software is the copyright product of StataCorp, USA.	3
As the overall research culture of social work broadens, future research calls for an expanded knowledge based on measuring both impact and uniqueness of scholarship to assist faculty, especially minority scholars, in successfully negotiating and overcoming barriers and challenges.	5
But a different set of factors matters for new field entry in general versus how far the newly entered field is from the researcher's main field.	5
Third, social tagging is an interdisciplinary research area that until now has been limited to a few subject domains such as information science and computer science.	5
The databases used in this article are as follows: China Patent Database, Derwent World Patent Database (DWPI), World Patent Abstracts Database, etc.	2
Quality was measured according to impact factor, citation of articles, number of articles published in top 10 journals, and the 10 most popular journals by country (area).	3
These are impact governance, operationalization of impact, politicization of research utilization, guiding arrangements, and social impact of the social sciences.	4
Scientific trends in which the share of Russian WoS CC publications for 2010–2017 grew compared to 1993–2000	0
(RQ1) Do researchers trust grant reviews more or less than other kinds of evaluations of their research?	1
We contribute to the debate on societal impact of SSH by developing a methodology that allows a fine-grained observation of social groups that make use, directly or indirectly, of the results of research.	1
Our results indicate that Pediatrics and Journal of Pediatrics publish the majority of neurology publications in pediatric journals.	5
Co-occurrence analysis of key words generated 80 clusters of scholarship with 24, 21, 14, 12, and 9 clusters identified in the data from the corpus, medicine, nursing, health professions, and physiotherapy data sets, respectively (Table 2).	4
We thank Neil Metcalfe and an anonymous referee for very helpful comments, and the TMR programme of the European Commission for funding.	0
The present study is an attempt to determine the prevailing trend of self-citations across 27 major subject disciplines at global level.	1
This study involved bibliometric analyses of journal articles in Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) that are related to open access journals.	1
We tested our proposed steps setting as a reference the big-data lexical query proposed by Huang et al. (Scientometrics 105:2005–2022, 2015).	2
These publications are then clustered following a descending hierarchical classification method (Reinert, 1983) applied to the vocabulary used in the titles of these publications.	3
We conducted a 4-week randomized controlled trial that included 400 Open Access articles published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research (JMIR) between October 1 2014 and April 30 2016.	2
Hence, we use discipline classification to combine the WOS subject areas into 14 research fields [32], including physical sciences, chemistry, biology, medicine, agriculture, environmental and earth sciences, mathematics, computer and information technology, engineering, social sciences, business and management, law, humanities, and multidisciplinary sciences.	3
This article seeks to pre-empt some of the potential acrimony by studying how much the rankings produced by PoP's 10 metrics compare to one another.	1
do papers published in a high-impact journal (defined as one with higher CiteScores) tend to be cited more positively (i.e., do citances to this journal's publications have higher citation sentiment)?	1
Although our primary focus in this paper is to investigate the existence of the Ellison effect, these data allow us to investigate the relative performance of graduate programs in terms of the research output of their Ph.D.s.	1
Dermatology research in SA has increased over the past decade.	5
Wu is associate senior editor, master of biology, Chinese Journal of Rice Science, China National Rice Research Institute, Hangzhou 310006, China; e-mail: cjrs278@gmail.com.	0
Quadrant I include the two clusters dealing with psychosocial problems and business economics and modelling.	4
The study was conducted between December 1, 2015 and February 1, 2016.	3
Strategic diagrams are a two-dimensional space constructed by graphing topics according to their ranking of values in density and centrality used to classify the themes into four quadrants [17,22,23].	3
No potential conflict of interest relevant to this article was reported.	0
Departments were ranked for each time period according to the number of papers produced, number of citations (Nc) and h-index (a measure of the impact of scientific output).	3
If the regression model is true, about 5% of observations will have studentized residuals outside of the ranges [?2, 2].	0
Degree centrality, betweenness, closeness, and eigenvector centrality are the measures of centrality that are widely used in network analysis.	3
I transcribed the interviews and coded them using grounded theory (Glaser and Strauss 1967).	3
Redundancy is another issue because the score is essentially driven by the number of citations and seems to bring negligible additional knowledge in the altmetrics landscape.	5
We define top research universities as those included in the “very high research activity” category of colleges and universities listed in the 2010 or 2005 Basic Carnegie Classifications and those classified as research extensive institutions in the 2000 Basic Carnegie Classifications (N = 156).	2
In this study, we showed that the proportion of academic CT surgeons who published molecular/cellular or animal-based BSR during training has significantly declined, while the proportion that focused on clinical or other types of research during training has increased.	5
Unfortunately, interfield equality among journals does not necessarily lead to interfield equality among researchers because there are interfield productivity differences.	1
The size of the circle indicates the number of times an article had an author from that country.	3
The total number of papers collected was 2547.	2
Finally, we discuss how CPR remedies failures of the Relative Citation Ratio (RCR), and remaining issues in situations where CPR too could potentially lead to biased judgement of value.	5
The mean ± standard deviation m-index increased post-promotion (1.67 ± 1.19 vs 1.23 ± 0.83, P < .01).	4
All data used in this study are selected from a publicly available data source, the PubMed Knowledge Graph (PKG).	2
The authors are in the CSIR-National Institute for Interdisciplinary Science and Technology, Thiruvananthapuram 695 019, India.	0
The associate editor coordinating the review of this article and approving it for publication was Donghyun Kim.	0
Описанное равновесие неустойчиво: при малых изменениях стратегий условие (18) нарушится, и первый участник все статьи представит в один из журналов.	4
The possibility of performing a more detailed CAPlus-based thematic analysis of publications is ensured by the Categorize function, which enables one to select, from a data array, all CAS-indexed terms (checked against a dictionary) belonging to a given subject category.	3
The figure reveals that the USA always has a higher diversification than China; however, the topic diversification gap is relatively smaller after 2007.	4
On the flip side, departments that do not share specializations are less likely to exchange doctoral candidates.	4
A total of 1,870 awards and 16,491 papers of the National Social Science Foundation of China (NSSFC) in library and information science (LIS) were collected from a Chinese research project database.	2
Return migration is responsive to changes in income per capita in the source country.	4
Empirical results show no evidence of disciplinary differences for the relationships among the metrics.	4
The important role that open science plays is increasingly evident to have immediate access to scientific publications.	5
Which were the most influential publications in each key research area of Industry 4.0 from Vietnam, based on the number of citations?	1
This iterative name resolution approach that combines machine learning and manual curation is at the heart of GRIDs institutional mapping.	3
Contrary to the previous measure, the evolution of the renormalized half-life (t?_i^(1/2)) shows a relatively stable behavior.	4
The Chi-square test was used to compare participation rates across the four subpopulations for each of the four modes of RI education.	3
To address this gap within the literature, we collect a wealth of numeric and textual data on 156 research universities nationwide to assess whether structural commitments to IDR influence general research activity (e.g., publications, external grants) as well as interdisciplinary research activity.	1
Our study showed that interest in nutrition and dietetics research is relatively recent in Arab countries.	5
Let FR, HC, H, and AMS be real-valued random variables with domain the set of twelve fields {Algebra, Analysis, Geometry, Discrete, Probability, Statistics, Applied, Computation, Control, Differential Equations, Math Education, Other}.	3
The three strategies for internationalization are: launching a new journal, converting a Chinese-language journal, or taking an existing successful journal and partnering with a western publisher.	5
* Only the general designation is given for international and highly decentralized companies.	0
Together with 25 questions related to research activities, we collected biographical data: seniority, country of birth, work place, and research discipline.	2
On the basis of this empirical evidence, the main contribution of the paper is to highlight the role of Health Policy and Science Technology and Innovation (STI) Policy, to inform knowledge production that meets public health needs.	5
Logically, some authors and addresses are repeated in these figures (an author, or institution, who signs k different articles increases the total number in k, not in 1).	0
This work has been funded in whole or in part with funds from the United States Government Department of Health and Human Services, National Institutes of Health (NIH), National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), under: (1) Grant U01AI068614, 'Leadership Group for a Global HIV Vaccine Clinical Trials Network' (Office of HIV/AIDS Network Coordination) to the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, and; (2) a subcontract to Concept Systems, Inc.	0
As such, the high or low number of citations of a research work and/or author should be analyzed within the broader context of many interrelated factors.	5
It will then show that CPBF mediates commodity-based productive relations between funding agencies and academic institutions, and that the latter are, in turn, premised on the separation of academic labour from the objective conditions of knowledge production.	1
All clinical orders and results were recorded in the EMR and interrogated for this study.	0
The most used keywords and scientific collaboration among countries and institutions were identified using the bibliometric program VOSviewer (Van Eck and Waltman 2010), available at http://www.vosviewer.com, which allowed the evaluated variables to be viewed in scientific maps.	3
2020 Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Most of the T100 were published in 1990-2009 (n=85).	4
The study is based on a disambiguated Swedish author dataset, consisting of 47,000 researchers and their WoS-publications during the period of 2008-2011 with citations until 2015.	2
Databases themselves are not always clean and we have encountered records with obvious erroneous locations as previously noted.	0
Aligned with previous research (Bohannon, 2016; Behboudi et al., 2021), our results point to the extended and generalized use of pirate libraries.	5
We obtained survey data on 497 foreign researchers in Italy in 2007 and in Portugal in 2006.	2
The important analyses which were done in this paper along with the interpretation of their results are given in Section 4.	0
The QQCI rank lists for Central Universities in the two time periods, a long period (1990–2014) and a short and recent one (2010–2014), are found to be fairly stable.	5
Alongside the interview data, we also draw on online materials of REF-based marketing from 4 different UK Universities, to further enrich the interview data with examples of the kind of marketing that Universities carry out.	2
Our study aims to fill this gap by presenting a comprehensive analysis of eight years of the editorial process in four computer science journals.	1
Faculty hiring is a complicated and sophisticated process by considering a broad range of factors.	5
The checklist was categorized into six important elements as delineated earlier.	3
The aim of this research was to assess the Iranian Parasitology researchers' performance from 1972 through 2013 based on the web of Science databases, and analyze and visualize the scientific performance of their co-authorship network according to their scientific publications.	1
As a case study we chose the following four journals in the field of LIS: Information Processing and Management (IPM for short), Journal of the American Society for Information Science (and Technology) (JASIST for short), Journal of Documentation (JDOC for short) and Scientometrics (SCIENTO for short).	2
The cited references analysis counts how frequently cited references from the reference lists of citing publications occur in the reference lists of the citing publications.	3
The feasibility study to apply a new filter based on the relative impact factor on any Medline/PubMed query was positive.	5
The search query resulted in the extraction of 194 records from 1980 to 2017 (until May).	2
Not at all Very little A little Somewhat ■To a great extent	0
Table 5 shows 12 substances with h-indices at least equal to 7, but with a core interval that ended in 2007 or earlier.	4
The search strategy for identification of level I evidence used the 'advanced search' option in PubMed to search by individual journal for articles categorized as "randomized controlled trial” and “meta-analysis".	3
Factor analysis—unweighted least squares extraction with direct oblimin rotation—was used to reveal the relationships among the 11 journal ranking metrics shown in Tables 1–3.	3
The first indicator gives a relative assessment of the quality of research for university i with respect to that of the research area j; it is calculated as the ratio between the average score attributed to the expected research outputs of the university i in the area j and the average score awarded by all the research outputs of the area j.	3
Accordingly, in this paper, we examine the broad concepts of significance and impact in order to better understand chemistry researchers' perceptions of individual research articles.	1
While most studies on research collaborations have used co-authorship on articles or publications as a method for identifying existing research collaborations, this study used a survey questionnaire to examine librarian methods and motivations for finding research collaborators with their corresponding outcomes.	5
The table indicates that the highest number (35) of OA journals is published in the USA.	4
The general finding is that there is a strong positive association between JournalRank and expert scores.	4
For this purpose, the average distance metric was selected, as it has the strongest relationship with the impact factors and is related to how effective a journal's knowledge creation and knowledge dissemination is.	3
Finally, it is important to emphasize that scientific journals function not merely as research communication channels, but also as scientific communities where researchers meet and exchange ideas with peers; the responsibility for carrying the burden of reviewing and editing is shared across a large number of individuals contributing to what is seen as a vital scientific infrastructure.	5
All document information from SCI-EXPANDED and each year's citation times for every publication sorting from the Web of Science Core Collection was checked and downloaded into Microsoft Excel 2016.	2
Meanwhile, 199 (~42.70%) of the 466 universities did not disclose their research integrity personnel lists, and 319 (~68.45%) did not provide contact information.	4
A total of 489 documents were analyzed, showing an annual growth rate of 8.7%, with a collaboration index of 5.41, highlighting comprehensive multidisciplinary involvement within this landscape.	4
Q1: [Quantification] How to design suitable metrics to quantify the extent of interdisciplinary research in computer science?	1
Previous presentations: Findings from this study have been presented at the 7th Annual Meeting of the International Society of Medical Publication Professionals, Arlington, USA, 4–6 April 2011; and the 20th ARCS Australia Annual Scientific Congress, Sydney, Australia, 26-27 May 2011.	0
The PLoS data set is formed by collecting the all abstracts of the six domain specific Public Library of Science periodicals (Jahn et al.	2
Essentially, the nature of these stories was not perceived as paramount to the members of the social world.	5
This paper critically evaluates four Indian national ranking agency methodologies and proposes an alternative framework for the ranking of HEIs in India to provide a less-biased playing field, simplify the process and bring rankings in line with many international agencies.	1
a degree of alphabetic ordering, measured using the Inversion criterion.	3
A multivariable logistic regression was used to identify independent factors associated with successful publication.	3
Meaning analysis of the responses to open questions was approached by both 'meaning condensation' and 'meaning categorization'.	3
On the other hand, the engagement rate of Biological Invasions' Facebook account during October 2021 was surprisingly high (i.e., 21.4%), suggesting that social media users following the journal's Facebook account interact more with Biological Invasions than do those following its Twitter account.	5
Overall, 17.4% of our sample (97 out of a total 556 articles) appropriately applied all or most of the recommendations of the BP article that they cited.	4
Bibliometric indices are higher at colleges of pharmacy with greater NIH funding or an R1 Carnegie classification.	5
OpenAlex is a comprehensive and extensive database that offers broad coverage of academic publications across various disciplines (Priem et al., 2022; Singh Chawla, 2022).	2
Our analysis of “manually added research labels" showed that the most common research label was “Educational Data Mining", followed by “Machine Learning" and then “Educational Technology" as depicted in Figure 2.	4
The most important limitation here is that text mining analyses require too much processing power and time.	5
Finally, the introduction of the so-called altmetrics could be a way to solve (at least partly) the old problem of estimating the impact of relatively recent articles, without (mis)using journal metrics.	5
The most cited institutions and their citation frequen- cies in oncology (top 20, 2001-2010).	0
These findings serve as input for the design of the interactive TICSR-WA proposal.	5
Whichever side is right, we think research will be more persuasive if it makes arguments along the lines of what we have advocated.	5
In the 2010–2013 dataset, 17.2% of professors coauthored at least one publication with industry (Table 2, subset A); in the second dataset, this share rose to 25.5% (subset B).	4
Our final data set comprises information about Portuguese academics with a doctorate in economics that worked in a core set of Portuguese universities between 2001 and 2018.	2
On the other hand, some research areas such as ERP, information security, and open source are shown as receiving less interest in conferences.	4
As such, research into how it might be improved is a logical undertaking.	0
By uncovering the underlying structure of scientific development and connecting it with economic development, our results may offer a new perspective on the evolution of global science.	5
As can be seen on Figure 6, for the various case studies and for most levels of observation λ, the sea level algorithm outperforms or is at least as good as the original method.	4
It is proven that there is a statistically significant relationship (p < .01) in each of the 10 universities between collaboration (number of countries) and normalized impact (FWCI).	4
The survey further revealed that almost three-quarters of Czech scholarly journals apply the model of double-blind peer review (223 responses, 74.1%).	4
Policies that encourage a country to increase its degree centrality in a collaboration network can disproportionately increase the impact of its research.	5
In this study, we made use of a hybrid citation-lexical delineation as recommended in Zitt and Bassecoulard, (2006) and Laurens et al.	3
We then classified the assignees into four categories – academia & research (includes both universities and private research institutes), government, corporate, and individual, with a manually customized dictionary.	2
If the fractional counting method is used, each author will have a weight of 1/N.	0
Taking the journal JRMGE as an example, it is an OA journal hosted in Elsevier since 2013 with a 4-year contract.	3
Three hundred fifty-nine residents and 240 staff from six different US orthopedic residency programs were analyzed.	2
First, our analysis reveals that during the research period of 2001–2015, ISM and ISC networks have a high degree of spatial matching, which is reflected in the similarity of the positions of countries in these two networks.	5
In any reproduction of this article there should not be any suggestion that PAHO or this article endorse any specific organization or products.	0
Data Availability Statement: The data presented in this study are available on request from the corresponding author.	0
we remove data with any missing variables, resulting in a final dataset of 159,957 observations to be used for regression analysis (as shown in Fig.	2
The debate about the need to revise metrics that evaluate research excellence has been ongoing for years, and a number of studies have identified important issues that have yet to be addressed.	1
Thereafter, we used a specialised software called CitedReferenceExplorer (CRE; www.crexplorer.net) to identify historical roots.	3
To focus on authorship order, as a reflection of relative contribution, is to take an individualistic and competitive outlook on science.	5
In this paper, we bring an optimized AuthorRank, which is a topic-sensitive algorithm calculated by citation context, into citation analysis for testing whether and how topical AuthorRank can replace or enhance classical PageRank for publication ranking.	1
This research was supported by a Veterans Administration Merit Review Grant, MRIS 1416 (Dr.	0
The last one contains the information regarding the JCR journals and Computing Research and Education (CORE) [23] conferences such as the journal name, impact factor, quartile, CORE index, journal topic, or conference acronym.	2
The second step is to identify the NPRs and download all information related to those NPRs.	3
Another limitation pertains to the nature of the sample used in this study.	0
The research profile was based upon public information of the researchers' activities over the last two years, stemming from the media house InfoMedia and the person's profile on the university information research management database at DTU, Twitter, LinkedIn and Google searches.	2
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
To ensure the accuracy of the LDA topic model, we used the STOP_WORDS function from Python's Spacy library() to remove stop words and utilized the TextBlob package for lemmatization, converting plural forms to singular and changing all letters to lowercase (Python version 3.10.10; SpaCy version: 3.7.2; TextBlob version: 0.18.0).	3
A key parameter in interpreting the results of the majority of central universities seems to be inbreeding.	5
Yes, approximately 7% of survey respondents say they have experienced such behavior either at UAI or another venue (n = 167).	4
However, only 73 articles witnessed the use of ML in the diagnosis and management of neuropsychiatric disorders.	4
Only one RCT (0.07%) showed a low risk of bias.	4
We distinguish between the standard and the translational approaches with a dummy that takes the value of 1 for publications produced by translational Labs and 0 for “standard science” Labs.	3
To calculate the similarity of the titles and abstracts I calculated the normalised Levenshtein edit distance between the standardised title and abstract strings using the DescTools package (Signorell, 2021) in R (R Core Team</ORGANIZATION>, 2020).	3
Hierarchical status in an organization increases the likelihood of inventorship but not of authorship.	4
This article draws both on survey and publication data to examine developments in researcher behavior and publication activity for individual researchers since the implementation of the Norwegian Publication Indicator in 2004.	1
The weak power of text-based metrics to estimate the similarity of articles can be due to some features of natural language, like linguistic diversity and linguistic ambiguity, which have also been mentioned in previous research (Kim et al., 2017; Vallez and Pedraza-Jimenez, 2007; Zarrinkalam and Kahani, 2012).	5
In the present study, we select Scopus, Mendeley, and Twitter as the sources for our comprehensive evaluation on the NI.	5
News rankings data were examined for universities that were ranked in the top 200 for the national university category in 2012, and that had been in the top 200 for five or more of the last 10 years (N = 130).	2
Our first research question revolves around geographic mobility and its relationship with publication productivity.	1
In this paper we select the Coarsened Exact Matching (CEM) procedure (Iacus et al., 2012) for several reasons.	3
More specifically, on the one hand, the correlation between citations to papers 7 years post publication and 1 or 2 years post publication (which determine the IF) has increased, which supports this metric.	4
The Research Registry has established itself as a new registry with a clear focus on areas not well represented in existing registries.	5
Author origin and gender were the only variables associated with citations counts.	5
Rather than use individuals' research productivity as a surrogate for departmental research, we sought to establish an objective methodology to better assess a residency program's ability to conduct meaningful research.	1
Keywords: university rankings; academic libraries; United States; webometric techniques; spending indicators	0
It is worth noting that the intent of this study is neither to reiterate the use of the JIF nor outline the potential shortcomings of its computation processes.	0
The analysis uses a decomposition method to identify the contributions of these three components, for universities and discipline groups.	3
However, even if the number of citations to these journals is generally low action should be taken targeting the different groups of authors that publish in or cite potential predatory journals and potential poor scientific standards journals.	5
The method of fractionalization would thus 'penalize' researchers for increased collaboration, leading to a decline in number of points despite increased publication activity.	5
The collaborative element of the EU's R&D support, for example, is particularly ample, a fact which immediately points to some important questions.	0
We evaluate the citations achieved in January 2011 of Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) journal articles published in 2000–2009 by staff members of the German economic research institutes.	2
The data of the study were collected by a questionnaire developed by the researchers and inductive content analysis was applied to the data.	2
The study uses all the data present in the UZ corporate database (Sideral) from the origin up to 2017 both for publications and projects.	2
The ranking of scientists based on the new indicator is not correlated with the rankings based upon the number of citations or on the Hirsch-index.	4
In the synchronous approach we analyzed 2011 publications looking back at authors' output between 2001 and 2011.	3
The share of women in management positions in science rose from a total of 2.0 % in 1992 to 17.8 % in 2016.	4
Overall, the number of publications increased in all the selected countries, but the growth pattern shows considerable differences.	4
Some of these classifications are constructed on the basis of the specific analysis, e.g.	0
This study investigates the prevalence and characteristics of papers published in popular predatory journals by South African academics in economic and management sciences.	1
Results have shown that the United Kingdom (11.32%), the United States (10.85%) and China (10.85%) are leading countries with the highest number of female authors.	4
95% of this funding was from Indian sources, including 79% by the Indian pharmaceutical industry.	4
To summarize those past experience to look forward to the future is absolutely necessary.	0
The dataset for each of the three universities examined consists of two distinct lists of products: Products proposed by the researchers (set A); Publications indexed in the WoS but not proposed by the researchers, attributed to them by analysis of ORP data (set B).	2
Meanwhile, a more intuitive detection of journal discrepancies is the adoption of principal component analysis (PCA).	3
It was commonly believed that open science had played a positive role in the response to the pandemic, creating a clear 'line of sight' between open science and societal benefits.	4
No mentions appeared in syllabi in any of the five countries.	4
The second step was to analyse the patterns from each of the ten ASEAN countries and group them into 4 broad clusters based on distinctive publishing behaviour.	3
The RTA index (Cantwell, 1993; Patel and Pavitt, 1997; OECD, 2011) provides an indication of the relative specialisation of a given country in selected technological domains.	3
It is interesting to see from this graph that no user group is very interested in papers which validate previously published data or hypotheses.	4
I am grateful to Philip Stanley and Claire Hooper for their helpful comments on the manuscript, and to Claire Hooper for providing the photographs in Fig.	0
However, sometimes one can get the impression that people cite their own papers only, because nobody else does.	0
Supervisory pattern: Only the corresponding author of a paper is affiliated with institutions in country A, and this type of authorship has the second highest contribution.	3
The size of the editorial community increased over time—the number of editors serving in 2014 was 4-fold greater than in 1985—as did the number of countries in which editors were based.	4
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data are within the paper and its Supporting Information files.	0
Besides the aim of investigating the prevalence of citation skewness in the two complete general medical journal categories, the third category was included to study whether the phenomenon of skewed citation distributions for individual journals or (small) cohorts of journals within a JCR category could be extended to all journals and subject categories currently indexed in the JCR and thus having been assigned a JIF.	1
Lighter outside curves bound the 95% confidence interval based on robust standard errors on the IRRs clustered by journal.	0
The citation history of the Buonocore landmark paper was retrieved from Web of Science - All Databases Collection on 18th of June, 2019.	2
For this reason, the name of the original file (i.e., nl.txt) name should not contain more than 10 characters.	0
The second part of this study examined patterns of sharing between mathematics, computing, economics, political science, philosophy, linguistics and the six members of the empirical HoS.	3
The overall research design was to gather a large sample of articles from different disciplines and time periods in order to compare the average impact within each set based upon the number of authors and their nationalities.	2
This study identified LighGBM as the preferred model for identifying PEPs with the threshold of the top 5%.	5
Data collection was limited to English-language publications of the four document types generally acknowledged as representative of research activities, namely, articles, letters, notes and reviews.	2
In 2013, China accounted for 26.6% of nanotechnology patents worldwide; the U.S., 16.4%; South Korea, 13.2%; and Japan, 9.3%.	4
In terms of relation with citations, a moderate spearman correlation (r = 0.49) has been found between Mendeley readership counts and citation indicators.	4
We deduce that, apart from a single university, Italian universities do not specialize in fields where they hold a competitive advantage.	4
First generation citations show that, within the sample of 21 leading journals in accounting and finance, there are 555 publications with direct references to BB68 (Level 1).	4
12.6% (n = 53) of papers were cited over 10 times and the h-index is 22, indicating that 22 papers had been cited at least 22 times.	4
Access provided at 10 Jan 2020 20:43 GMT from Tulane University	0
But change is difficult and academic institutions can be slow to adapt to changing circumstances.	0
The following conclusions were drawn from this study: (1) VR for rehabilitation related researches have significantly increased in the last 20 years.	5
In the content analysis, we classify articles along eight dimensions covering topical content and methodology.	3
In this section, the three cycles of the AR project are reported.	0
Considering that the values of DIC range from 0 to 1, and more than half of them are 0, we choose the model of zero inflated beta regression (ZIBeta) (Ospina & Ferrari, 2012; Parreira et al., 2017).	3
Through this research, we would like to be part of those researches trying to satisfy this demandby adopting biblio metric analysis.	1
In this study the word “patent” will be used generically to mean any published patent document, e.g., unexamined patents.	0
As a result, Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research (CORR), The Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery (British volume) (JBJS-Br), The Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery (American volume) (JBJS-Am), International Orthopaedics (Int Orthop), Acta Orthopaedica (Acta Orthop), Journal of Orthopaedic Research (J Orthop Res), and JOA were chosen.	2
A total of 143 English and 721 Chinese original research articles and reviews on COVID-19 were included in our study.	2
We used Neo4j database and Weis and Jacobson methodology to create nodes and edges for each publication, author, and institution.	3
As of the end of 2010, CAST was sponsoring 1003 journals, including 699 academic journals, 186 technical journals, 65 popular-science journals, 49 comprehensive journals, and 4 retrieval journals.	2
After data cleaning, 800 responses remained for analysis.	2
To avoid the possibility of reverse causality and minimise endogeneity, we introduce a five-year time lag into the regression model.	3
In terms of subject areas, citation is dependent on the nature of the collaboration involved in the production of publications.	5
This study aims to assess the growth in overall publication output in ethnobotany as well as provide a systematic examination of the history of ethnobotanical publications using reference publication year spectroscopy (RPYS).	1
Based on the case of Kazakhstan and Russia, we suggest that the growth of PPJ is significantly impacted to government science policy.	5
Although for the citation data the geometric JIF tends to be better than the arithmetic JIF in most or all sub-categories of each broad category, the differences are not large and the rankings are quite stable over time in both cases.	4
We found that coauthorship was a common phenomenon in the Chinese nursing field.	4
In conclusion, Brazil is a frequent co-author and the second most publishing country of articles in top-tier international dental journals.	5
We calculate SAPVs for each entity, starting from the original publication vector and similarity matrices.	3
We used negative binomial regression as our response is an overdispersed count variable (Ajiferuke & Famoye, 2015).	3
For this task, we use linear regression, primarily due to its effectiveness, simplicity, and interpretability.	3
Surprisingly, we find that topic popularity and co-author influence have no statistical correlation with whether a paper will contribute to its primary author’s future h-index.	5
Unsurprisingly, references in the fields of Biology, Medicine, and Chemistry rank in the top three, followed by computer science.	4
While the retraction notices were mostly negative, followed by neutral polarity, the note and paper tweets were dominated by neutrality followed by negativity.	4
The findings presented here are based on three broad sets of data, which are woven together to create the narrative:	0
The research focuses on investigating various aspects, including leading Vietnamese authors, solo authors, and gender difference, as well as international and domestic collaboration networks.	1
The fact that the slope of efficiency vs publications is very similar to that of the mainline thin film technologies invites speculation that there may be a universal learning curve for PV efficiency as function of R&D efforts for technologies capable of reaching commercially-relevant performance and that offsets on our chart can be mostly understood as arising from the use of publications as the proxy variable.	5
This study examines the phenomenon of free-riding in academic co-authorship, focusing particularly on scenarios involving accounting faculty and research students.	1
Limited research has examined differences between uncited papers and their most-cited counterparts.	1
On the other hand, tag connectedness has a significantly positive effect on the relationship between authors' power of communication/connection and knowledge popularity.	4
The retrieved articles included 132 (42.7%) articles on stress/ distress, 95 (30.7%) on anxiety, 61 (19.7%) on depression.	4
A generalized linear mixed-effects model using the predictors of search engine, LOE, number of centers, number of authors, and IF was constructed to predict total citation count at 5 years.	3
To what extent can a productivity bias (i.e.	1
To identify German research in questionable journals, I first identified all journals in which authors at German institutions published between 2010 and 2020 in the Dimensions bibliometric database (20,156 journals).	2
In total, 21,881 journal articles (34.4 %) and 41,809 conference articles (65.6 %) were processed, whose annual distribution is depicted in Fig.	2
The model of running an analysis of scientific and technical documents proposed in this paper is based on distinguishing between three major types of content-related contexts of an analyzed document.	3
These findings will help the readers to get a quick and intuitive overview and may be useful for helping the possible authors in deciding if their papers should be submitted to EJMSTE.	5
In this study we primarily used the MAG [72], which was released as part of the 2016 KDD Cup [73].	2
After scaling (Fig 3A), the relationship between ε' and the m-quotient is non-linear and highly variable (Fig 3B), meaning that m-quotients often poorly reflect actual relative performance (and despite the m-quotient already being ‘corrected’ for t, it still increases with t; S4 Fig).	4
These articles comprised all available hard science articles and a randomly selected 6 percent of accessible social science articles.	2
We use the Web of Science (WoS) as the database for collecting information.	2
Both journal metrics and country/disciplinary data have been evaluated for different groups of PPJ: those listed by Jeffrey Beall and those discontinued by Scopus because of “publication concerns".	1
In the case of limited document sets, such as the semantic mapping of scholarly discourses in terms of words and co-words, our results give reason for concern.	5
Subsequently, the Funding Agency field of these articles is treated, selecting funders' variants that will serve as keywords in the Full-Text Search for the location of the research supported by major sponsors.	3
We still think that confirmatory studies need to be carried on and also that we need to collect more data and have webmasters validating them.	0
We examined childhood obesity policy documents produced between 2000 and 2015, extracting childhood obesity-related references and coding these according to reference type, geographical origin and type of research.	3
This paper is the result of a project funded by DG Research of the European Commission, whose support is greatly acknowledged.	0
Our investigation on the documents, which cite the papers published in the nine physics non-English journals and ten chemistry non-English journals, reveals that language self-citation is the primary factor leading to biased citations in these journals.	5
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The results indicated that research collaboration and number of publications were positively related F(1, 101)=366.94, p<0.001, η2=0.784.	4
In both cases, we report (a) how the research publications are distributed by topic and (b) what approaches, research strategies, and methods have been applied during the span of time under review.	1
and A.A.A.S.; visualization, A.A.A.S.; supervision, T.B.; project administration and funding acquisition, T.B.	0
By analyzing evaluation indexes and text attributes, as well as by comparing the characteristics of high-citation papers (HCPs) and HIPs, we elucidated the mechanism of HIPs formation.	1
The data for this study were retrieved from Thomson Reuter's Web of Science (WoS) in February, 2014.	2
Multiple regression analysis (MRA) is the appropriate method of analysis when the research question involves a single dependent variable (in our case, knowledge popularity) presumed to be related to two or more independent variables (Hair, Tatham, Anderson, & Black, 1998).	3
Hypothesis 1: In the co-authorship social network structure, in the field of nuclear science and technology, there is a positive and significant relationship between centrality of a country and citation performance of researchers of that country.	1
To note the exclusions is not to criticise Butler and McAllister – after all they are building on excellent work that has sought to extend the conventional measures.	0
Thus, as is shown in Fig 1, our study explores how student researchers perceive the seven prerequisites of research collaboration (Research question one, hereinafter noted as RQ1).	1
Our analysis also revealed that, apart from the Preferential Attachment rule, the use of edges weight does not significantly improves the performance of the task because the weighted and unweighted version of the metrics are strongly correlated.	5
If our conclusions, as summarized above, are correct, one could expect that also full-text reads, and their ratio to overall reads, show a positive and significant correlation with the RG Score.	1
Leadership in the discipline of Pharmacology and Pharmacy is neither determined by their highly productive institutions nor the impact generated by them.	5
The first question is at the basis of research evaluations and it will be addressed from a general point of view.	0
The data of this study came from an interdisciplinary consortium with five partner institutions, including one Historically Black College and University (HBCU).	2
The sample was drawn from a randomization of each grant applicant's total citation list using an Excel spreadsheet.	3
We downloaded 42,746 tweets for Mehra et al., (2020a) and 67,038 tweets for its retraction notice; 10,875 tweets for Bae et al., (2020a) and 3095 tweets for its retraction notice; 5428 tweets for Wang et al., (2020a) and 53 tweets for its retraction notice.	2
SPACE is a rubric that is composed of two axes (Figure 1).	3
Note that I do not claim that this is wrong, but simply that I do not see this and hence would have appreciated an explication and/or a reference.	5
Since this number is the Euclidean length of (x1,...,xn), we may call this index the Euclidean index, and we denote it by LE.	5
From this set of posts, 11,469 (13.3%) were automatically generated by a robot (statcheck), and 6,328 (7.3%) were retrieved without user comments.	2
Table 1 Publication coverage for academic record across six data sources	0
To obtain data about the worldwide population and investment indicators, we used the portal of the World Bank (2010) and that of UNESCO's Institute of Statistics (UIS).	2
The OB-PB with the most citations (125) was PB no.	4
2 National Science Library, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, China	0
The analysis is thus longitudinal, over two successive five-year periods.	3
Callon, Courtial, Turner, and Bauin (1983) (publication no.	4
Multivariate regression analysis was also performed to determine significance controlling for independent variables.	3
The study highlighted the need to extend research inputs to developing countries of Africa and Asia to improve their research and development capacity, productivity and share knowledge on QMRA in water quality assessment.	5
A retrospective, bibliometric analysis of 49 clinical radiology journals published from 1946- 2013 was conducted.	2
In January 2012, a search of the NIH database using REPORTER was performed.	2
In addition to constructing a classifier to predict breakthrough publications, random forest analysis allows the examination of the relative importance of variable in breakthrough prediction.	1
Diaspora scientists in particular, played a positive role as mediators and cultural interpreters.	4
In order to supplement the synchronous analysis with a diachronous approach, the number of Mendeley bookmarks for a set of 54,655 papers published in LIS between 1995 and 2014 were retrieved in May 2015 from the Web of Science.	2
The editorial decisions were simplified into the three categories of reject, revise (including major and minor revisions) and accept.	2
We purposively sampled participants who had published multi-authored medical education research studies during 2016 and 2017.	2
A back-propagation neural network is used to forecast a future network by predicting linkages among unconnected nodes based on existing links.	3
Briefly, we used an algorithm that derived features of words based on their co-occurrences (Mikolov et al., 2013), and derived their similarities based on how closely these features aligned.	3
First, the study findings demonstrate progressive growth in collaboration in the publication of papers.	5
Special attention is paid to analysis of the indicators of Russian journals in foreign informational resources, as well as to problems of the thematic attribution and clustering of journals proceeding from the subject categories of Scopus and Web of Science, the OECD rubricators, and the State Rubricator of Scientific and Technical Information (SRSTI).	1
For the multiple regression analysis using the total number of published articles as dependent variable, we used a model of Poisson regression for count data and a linear regression model for the analyses that evaluated the journal impact factors as dependent variable.	3
In other words, “big deals” were not necessarily a “big value” for libraries and academic stakeholders.	5
We found that most researchers worked far beyond their expected working schedule.	4
In this paper, we set out to explore some of the reasons why research fails to address some global health needs.	1
A collections analysis was completed using data from two sources: a custom report by 1Science and results of a faculty survey on top journals for teaching.	2
The Academic Motivation Scale (AMS) is a 7-point Likert scale that ranges from 1 (indicating severe disagreement) to 7 (indicating strong agreement).	2
We found that the relational space captures the difference on collaboration status, citation levels, and aggregated levels of analysis like differences between countries.	4
Table 1 also shows that in total, there are 35 PMs involved in the evaluation of the six departments.	2
However, China is overtaking Japan and Korea in many aspects of scientific knowledge production.	4
Unless indicated otherwise, the analysis is based on publications in the period 2009–2010.	2
Table 1 New European Union Member States according to the year of adhesion in alphabetical order	0
We have shown here that analysis of the bibliography can surface clues that an article may need further investigation of potential research integrity issues.	5
Universities of medical sciences were associated with improved ratings in seven periods from Jan 2012 until Jan 2015.	3
In this study, Pajek was applied to show the cooperation networks among countries and institutes.	3
To identify institutions whose articles received a greater number of citations and their research topics (Table 2), we used both "author key words" as "key word plus," which are automatically assigned by WOS from the titles of the references of the articles.	3
Scientific research in very old populations covers a wide variety of interrelated topics.	5
ns, not significant; *P < 0.05; **P < 0.001; ***P < 0.0001.	0
Ward's hierarchical clustering procedure (Ward, 1963), which we used in this article, also has been adapted.	3
Joint programs then become learning spaces for integration rather than the outcome of a previous integration in science and/or technology.	5
The study confirms that the research on transition markets is a vibrant research area that emerged in the last 20 years triggered by the collapse of the Soviet Union and since the 2000s fueled by the growth of the BRIC countries with an increased interest in other emerging countries such as CIVETS.	5
This study presents a novel method to estimate the subject coverage of scholarly databases.	5
We used only 289 sources with tag “Publication Concerns”.	2
In Table 1 we estimate a conditional logit model where the choice set for each participant in the contest is the actual choice set she faced, given her ranking and the choice of those ranked above her.	3
Our study also shows the consistency of peer review assessments with bibliometric indicators and especially with indicators of durability, in the sense that qualitative indicators also tend to reward “normal” science.	5
Our study depicts the bibliographic couplings of authors and their affiliated institutions and countries, co-citations of journals, and co-occurrences of the authors' specified keywords.	3
However, it is noticeable that in the last few years there has been a search for studies involving genetics, such as genetic sequencing and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP), as well as heat stress and heat tolerance (Fig.	4
The normalizations through the percentile ranks Fc, FJ and Fy can be interpreted as non-necessarily-linear monotonically increasing transformations, which turn the realizations of the variables of interest (Ci, Ji and Yi) into the cumulative probabilities (or percentile ranks) of the corresponding distributions (see the example in Fig.	4
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
Therefore, the final number of usable questionnaires was 110.	2
A global trend described here indicates Europe and North America are ahead in archiving GL, while the rest of the world is lagging behind.	5
DECISION RULE: Reject H0 if the value of Z is greater than or equal to 1.96.	0
The convergence among the deciles of the three metrics suggests considering these three journals as having the higher level of specialization among the journals considered in this study.	5
Our analysis also suggests that mandatory data disclosure policies may have a positive effect on the incidence of replication.	4
Funding for the work was received from the UK Economic and Social Research Council.	0
Using the UCSD Map of Science, I developed a landscape where scientific subdisciplines (such as Human Evolution or Aerospace) are oriented in 2D space based on the conceptual similarity between subdisciplines (Figure 3).	3
The professional interactions in UWS are more international and intersectoral than in other areas of water science.	5
This article is the first effort to quantify the scholarly influence of published books, counting citations after five years of all political science books published in 2004 and 2005.	1
An Independent Samples T-Test indicates that there is no significant difference in the number of citations between OA (M=13.83, SD = 21.924) and Non-OA publications (M=16.11, SD = 30.575), t (763)=?0.928, p=.354.	3
A methodology (including caveats and limitations) resembling that employed previously for library and information science journals, was applied to SJR's 2022 list of “Sports Science” journals.	3
The results of this study confirm and challenge a number of assumptions about resources used by Spanish and Latin American literature scholars in their research, while also shedding additional light on the language-of-resource discussions that are of importance to librarians and scholars working in the humanities fields.	5
This negative correlation between age and the likelihood of trying out newer ideas is mitigated when an older scientist works together with a young scientist—a combination that is more likely to try out newer ideas than a team consisting of only young scientists.	5
Note that the probability for a paper to acquire one citation or more is only ≈ 0.9, meaning that 10% of the papers published in 1990 have not been cited even once - a considerable fraction.	4
To better understand these trends within a single framework, we develop a network-based citation model which incorporates four key ingredients that capture both real features of the academic citation system and the process that authors follow while searching within and traversing across the knowledge network:	3
The population studied consists of over 31,000 scientists in 180 fields (10 aggregate disciplines) of a national research system.	2
This review showed that the bulk of studies were observational.	5
National Institute of Health (NIH) National Library of Medicine (NLM) National Center of Biotechnology Information (NCBI) PubMed database comprising > 33 million citations including all MEDLINE content as PubMed’s primary component.	2
Of these, 340 (3.4 %) were contributed by female scientists exclusively and 4,671 (47 %) were written jointly by male and female scientists.	4
We focus on the novel features of RISC which are crucial to bibliometrics and are unavailable in the international citation indexes.	1
We restricted our sample to research articles, using the "Study Type" field in PubMed to exclude editorials, letters, narratives, historical articles, addresses, comments, biographies, guidelines, directories, handouts, news items, and scientific integrity reviews.	2
For the analysis of the structure of experts' knowledge, 308 papers published in journals registered in the Research Information Sharing Service (RISS) of Korea were collected.	2
Building on the dataset used in the previous commentary (Copiello 2020), improved with additional information, a binary logistic regression model is used here to conduct an analysis of the possible motivations behind the choice of making a video abstract.	2
We used cumulative page views on day 30 of publication of papers as benchmark values (D30), and articles published between February 22, 2017 and February 21, 2019 were selected to make analysis.	3
The Hirsch index (2005), its variants and companion metrics have been widely adopted as a standardised impact measure throughout several disciplines including social work.	0
The yearly distribution of the number of references per paper is presented in Fig.	3
As the second productive country in the field of bioinformatics, China did not do equally well in terms of citation counts and h-index.	4
The primary MP captures the most prominent trajectory within this densely connected portion and should not be casually dismissed despite its limited coverage.	5
It is important to keep this in mind to provide a context for some of the results in the next section.	0
We suggest that the association between topic growth and citation counts should be taken into account when citation normalization procedures are developed and evaluated and that future work on this topic investigates the relation between different normalization procedures and topic growth.	5
Using this term, we performed a topic search in the period 1900–2014.	2
To perform a bibliometric analysis on the top-cited articles over the last three decades from 1989 to 2018, using a longitudinal set-up, in order to analyse how articles' features have evolved over time.	1
We would like to mention, in particular, the discussions around the moral imperative to ensure impact [6]; the potential for enhanced partnerships, co-production or boundary work between practice and academia [7,8,9]; ensuring equitable, socially accountable impacts of knowledge [6,7,8,9]; balancing the cost and gains from impact assessment [10,8,11]; whether it is creating pressures to change the character of knowledge [6,7,12,2]; and, possible threats/gains to academic freedom and intellectual autonomy [7,13,11,9,14].	0
Consider the standard target (or cited-side) normalization procedure in which cluster mean citations are used as normalization factors.	3
The level of justifiability assigned to different misdemeanors does not increase with the perception of pressure.	4
They can demonstrate that priority setting can be understood more widely, and that Ireland's challenges for the future are not just economic, but social and cultural.	5
Another problem with the coverage of the BKCI is that it includes serials that are actually part of the journal citation indexes (Science Citation Index, Social Science Citation Index and Arts and Humanities Citation Index).	5
They are at a status passage from the apprentice to the colleague state of their career in their scientific communities, which hinges on the crucially important transition from dependent to independent research (Laudel & Gl?ser, 2008).	0
All authors designed the research and participated in the writing of the manuscript.	0
In conclusion, academic medicine as we know it cannot persist.	5
Unsurprisingly (in light of existing evidence on gender in international research collaboration) (Ackers 2008; Fox et al.	4
The fact that there continues to be a debate in CS on publication in conference versus journals perhaps indicates that the rest of academia (as represented on tenure, promotion, or grant award committees) is not yet convinced of the value of conference publication in CS.	5
We performed de-duplication processing based on PMID number; 9323 papers remained.	2
In the proposed method, first, the keyword co-occurrence networks are transformed into their associated newly defined fuzzy sets, named as scientosemantic domains.	3
For the clustering and subsequent coloring of the resulting map we use a methodology recently developed by Leydesdorff et al.	3
The institutional library provided database access, extensive full text access, and rapid hard copy information retrieval service for available dissertations.	0
DS and PD were not on the Editorial Board of IP in 2002 and were not involved with the decision making of manuscripts submitted to IP in 2002.	0
However, participants acting as coauthors requested more clarification for these scenarios (M = 5.94, SD = 0.79) than did those acting as reviewers (M = 5.76, SD = 0.75), t(207) = -2.48, p = .014, d = 0.34, 95% CI [0.05, 0.47].	4
We cannot turn a blind eye to these newly emerging technologies and rely only on traditional citation-based metrics.	5
The arguments above yield six predictions, two each predicting durable dominance of the most-cited papers, entrepreneurial futility for newly published papers, and decrease in the disruptiveness (3, 4) of newly published papers.	3
Interestingly, this consensus preference structure suggests that the Journal of Service Research (JSR) separates the abovementioned top-level marketing journals from lower-level publication outlets.	4
The H-indexes of the first and corresponding authors were greater in the high-citation group (P < .0001).	4
For output, these numbers are based on fractional counting of papers: that is, each author is given 1/x count of the authorship where x represents the number of authors for which a gender could be assigned on the given paper.	3
(1) Are the SSH-oriented ReAct taxonomy and its categories able to describe research activities in the STEM disciplines?	1
In processing the questionnaire, the journal titles are replaced with the rank of SJR (Scimago Journal & Country Rank).	0
The top authors that made the highest contribution to the literature were Byard RW (306), Madea B (296), Budowle B (283), Mangin P (201), and Brinkmann B (196) respectively.	4
In a game of influence (v, N) as given in Definition 1, the social impact of a manuscript i equals its individual citation impact (times cited w?):	4
It is known that possible errors do not influence the results significantly (Erman and Todorovski 2015).	0
First, do co-authorships enhance productivity as measured by the visibility and impact of publications?	1
However, China has now become the first partner of the USA in terms of international co-authorship (that is, 12,450 integer-counted papers against 11,337 coauthored with an address in the UK).	4
2 The outneighbours of document A are defined as the documents cited by A.	0
Based on such review, we selected the following eight OB and HRM journals for this study: Academy of Management Journal (AMJ); Administrative Science Quarterly (ASQ); Human Resource Management (HRM); International Journal of Human Resource Management (IJHRM); Journal of Applied Psychology (JAP); Organizational Behavior and Human Decision Processes (OBHDP); Organization Science (OS); and Personnel Psychology (PP).	2
Downloaded from sth.sagepub.com at MOUNT ALLISON UNIV on June 9, 2015	0
In this paper, we use the real-world academic dataset1 from ArnetMiner [6], which is the world-leading free online service for academic social network analysis and mining.	2
For a statistical analysis of the degree of influence of the factors defined by us above on the indicators of scientific citation, we consider the rating of higher educational institutions of Ukraine for the indicators of the scientiometric base SciVerse Scopus as of 01/15/2019 (Rating, 2019).	2
The final questionnaire was sent to 3374 researchers belonging to 53 universities.	2
The highest average citation was France and Mainland China ranked fourth.	4
This is another indication that the 'Golden Era' of graphene technology is over, and interest in it is declining.	5
(2007) scored the highest total citations in 2019.	4
This analysis focused on all scientific papers (original articles) published in the Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery American (JBJS-A) and British Volume (JBJS-B) in the year 2009.	2
In conclusion, we find that the journal's quality standard and the reviewer's incentives interact to produce the following insight: Moral hazard considerations motivate choosing higher quality standards, and journal's standard considerations lead to higher-powered reviewer's compensations.	5
Eligible FRO grant recipients between 1999 and 2014 were surveyed regarding bibliometric data, subjective outcomes and factors considered important in completing their research projects.	2
The dataset consists of all publications published year 2009, of the document type Article, included in the three journal indexes of WoS (SCI-EXPANDED, SSCI and A&HC) and published in journals classified as core journals by the CWTS Leiden Ranking 2015.	2
We did not find a positive association between author set cardinality and the citation impact.	5
By contrast, in the provincial university, a logic of "dependence" prevails.	4
The present study investigates such existing predatory publishing practices in Pakistani public sector universities drawing on the notion of symbolic violence.	1
Finally, there is a trend towards an increasing number of authors per article, which demonstrates the growing level of collaboration between researchers.	5
Please address correspondence to Michael Levine-Clark, Collections Librarian/Associate Professor, University of Denver, Denver, CO, 80208.	0
Among them, the National Natural Science Foundation of China accounted for the largest proportion, reaching 52.4%, followed by the Projects of the National Social Science Foundation of China.	4
During that year, researchers published an average of 2.81 ± 1.82 articles in conferences and 2.80 ± 1.50 in journals.	4
Evaluating the formation of the CSRG, the authors found that researchers placed a high value on opportunities to creatively collaborate in a cross-school and interdisciplinary environment, whereas obtaining grants and publishing research were seen by staff as indirect and less immediate benefits of collaboration.	4
RQ5: Are there opportunities for promoting JASIS to the knowledge management community?	1
We then proceed to present and discuss the five main roles of associations identified through the research: communication among peers, promotion of research, science dissemination, representation of professional interests and policy advice.	4
According to different international collaboration types, results show that the subset of international collaboration with the same economic level accounts for the highest percentage, especially the type of H&H, and there are significant differences in average citations among different collaboration types, the type of H&M&L has the highest value (11.21 ± 15.72).	4
The gap is reduced once we control for researchers’ characteristics, such as age and academic rank, but is almost unaffected by the characteristics of the research output (monographs, journal articles, book chapters, etc.), co-authorships, international collaborations.	4
Because no author contributed more than a few articles, this study of open access journals does not sufficiently support Lotka's law.	5
Table 1: Data sources for successive citation of physics papers from SCI-based records	0
Finally, the similarities between awards were visualized by means of the VOS mapping technique, which aims to minimize a weighted sum of the squared Euclidean distances between all pairs of objects (the awards in this study) when having a constraint that the average distance between two objects must be equal to 1 (Van Eck and Waltman 2010).	3
The differing scopes of PMC and MEDLINE will likely continue to affect their overlap; however, quality control exists in the maintenance and facilitation of both resources, and funding from major grantors is a major component of quality assurance in PMC.	5
As the share of reviews in total publications have continuously increased in the last 25 years and this trend has not slowed down, it is suggested to exclude review papers from total citations of individuals.	5
We also thank anonymous referees for their valuable comments and suggestions.	0
The dataset contains 8,736 citation text annotated by human experts.	2
An and r stands for the author number and the author rank	0
In this study, the final dataset consists of 79,602 papers that received direct citations from patents.	2
On the citing side, to what extent company patents cite public science?	1
Table 1 details the many naming issues that can occur throughout an academic career.	0
ROLP-curves representing (a?,C?), (ам,см), and (N.CN), where (AL,CL) ≤ (MCM), (AL,CL) ≤ (aN,CN), while (MCM) and (AN,CN) are not comparable.	0
For five diseases out of ten, limiting the citations with the RIF was more effective than with the CCJ.	4
The questionnaire was administered on-line through the web-based platform Monkey Survey, during March April 2020.	3
Each article in the CSSCI database will be classified according to three classification systems, including Chinese library classification (Editorial board of Chinese library classification 2010), the People's Republic of China National Standard (GB/T 13745-2009) classification and code of disciplines (Standardization Administration of China 2009), and classification standard (Degree Office of the State Council 2011).	3
Four out of six keywords from econometrics perform consistently well.	4
By focusing our analysis on cohorts of authors starting their careers in the same year, we find that ranking mobility is remarkably low for the top- and bottom-ranked authors and that this excess of stability persists throughout the entire period of our analysis.	4
We use the prophecy formula [29–30] and generalizability theory [31] to provide estimates of IRR using various potential scoring designs, i.e., assuming differing number of raters.	3
We found that, implicitly, participants perceived a discipline to resemble a territory—often an arable or barren one (such as a farm), with a host of defining characteristics, and behaviors that are provoked as a result of this identification.	4
This led to a working dataset of n=6258 books (41%), which had received at least one tweet.	2
The WoS data used for this Letter to the Editor are from an in-house database developed and maintained by the Max Planck Digital Library (MPDL, Munich) and derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) provided by Clarivate Analytics (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA).	2
Performance analysis is used to assess the citation impact of scientific results produced by different actors interacting in a research field; these actors include researchers as well as journals, countries, institutions, and departments.	3
The original articles were actually very highly cited and perhaps the visibility of the general medical journal could possibly be the main factor contributing to its high Impact Factor.	4
As regards languages, we distinguish two broad categories: (1) national languages (Finnish and Swedish), and (2) foreign languages (mainly English).	3
Our purpose is to use Social Network Analysis (SNA) as a tool for educational management to provide a holistic understanding of collaboration networks in educational research among HEIs.	1
Highlight with bold a few values to make evident big and small differences	0
The categorization is adopted by the Scopus and ScienceDirect database owned by the publisher Elsevier.	0
1 | Research methodology workflow (Sources: Zupic & ?ater, 2015; Donthu et al., 2021).	0
We have selected nanotechnology as the target subject for the quantitative analysis.	0
3 Scholarly publications citing the ‘Novoselov paper’ disaggregated into science levels	0
To find the basic journal indicator groups, this paper makes factor analysis and correlation analysis using 10 most popular journal indicators, including total cites, Impact factor (IF), 5-Year IF, Immediacy index, Cited half-life, Eigenfactor score, Article Influence score, Scientific Journal Rankings (SJR), H index and Cites/Doc.	3
The United Kingdom, Germany, and Japan were always within the world's top 4 in terms of numbers of articles and citations.	4
The h-index of the citing articles was 31.	4
The analysis is structured into two parts, the first of which details how the mainstream funding system affords the interviewees a process experienced as frustrating.	4
For simplicity, assume that a scientist produces two kinds of papers: high-quality and low-quality (see Discussion).	3
This was operationalized through calculating the similarity index for both MEDLINE and SCI records, respectively.	0
Bibliometric analysis, a research methodology that allows for an objective evaluation of research focus and trends, has acquired increasing relevance for different reasons.	3
The study in ten journals of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pakistan analyzed 1,235 manuscripts published in 68 issues for the two years' time period (2018 to 2019) with an average of 61.75 articles per year per journal and 18.16 articles per issue.	2
Table 3 reports the marginal effects of variables used in a probit analysis for the likelihood of authors making moderate or major revisions in response to a rejection, prior to submission elsewhere.	3
To construct and analyze the international scientific collaboration network in a realistic way, only the 40 largest countries (measured by the overall publication output between 2001 and 2015) are considered.	2
Notably, the interested participants were predominantly experienced professionals with over a decade of expertise and advanced degrees, rather than early-career researchers or students.	4
The findings highlight that while the maturity of a higher education system influences community cohesion, other factors influence thematic leaning and integration.	5
Concerning the country-specific investigation, majority of AJTI articles (70.3%) appeared to focus on single Asian country.	4
Percentage of original articles published in the IJGP, 1986-94, from each country/region.	0
In this study, we have investigated the exploration profiles of authors by developing a theoretical framework utilizing configuration values of ego networks measured via WSCC and WCC.	5
According to the calculation results of the above method, we can use allotaxonograph (Dodds et al., 2020) to visualize the similarity of different schemas systematically.	3
The Scopus database was queried to obtain current publication and citation data for all included documents and categorized based upon recognized neurosurgical specialties.	2
The differences between the two sets of papers are explored and discussed with the intent of assisting students and scholars in preparing more impactful papers in the future.	1
The institutional review board (IRB) at An-Najah National University does not require submission of an IRB application for a bibliometric study.	0
While insightful, examining the direct impact of a research article under-estimates the total impact of a seminal article.	5
This affected 40% of articles and was most prevalent in health sciences and for private, new, universities.	4
Citation studies as a percentage of all LIS articles in selected journals	0
Based on the slopes of the trend lines, the contributions of affiliated authors, as measured by the percentage of total articles, are increasing by 0.84, 0.12 and 0.28% annually, for Asia, Europe and the European Union, respectively, whereas the contribution of North America is decreasing by 1.33% annually.	4
Among the main methods used in a Bibliometrics is performance analysis and science mapping [2].	3
Our study confirms that digitization, as measured by digital word frequency, does not affect actual production and has no effect on carbon reduction.	5
In two cases, relative citation impact has remained constant (Tunisia, Algeria); and in one case, it increased (Kenya).	0
This article aims to illustrate certain developments in the field of medical rehabilitation and rehabilitation science by means of a bibliometric analysis of papers published in a journal that has been in existence as long as there have been journals in the United States' recognized fields of rehabilitation and/or physical medicine, the Archives of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation (APM&R).	1
In this study, we compared Japanese research articles published from 1991 to 2000 and 2001 to 2010 in the top 7 general medicine and the top 6 basic science journals and analyzed trends over time.	1
The aggregation of data therefore means that values corresponding to the age of 50 would include funding or publications occurring in 2000 for researchers born in 1950, as well as those occurring in 2001 for researchers born in 1951, and so on.	0
We used a partial Redundancy Analysis (pRDA; see Legendre and Legendre 2012) to evaluate the relative influence of collaboration, time since publication and impact factor on OnSMP metrics.	3
The most frequently cited article received 1079 citations, while the least frequently cited article received 68 (mean140.5 citations per article).	4
We hypothesize that there is a trend toward increased resident research productivity.	1
?Cuántas subáreas compondrán la estructura principal de EPI?	1
2 Department of Managerial Economics, Strategy and Innovation, Faculty of Business and Economics, KU Leuven, Leuven, Belgium	0
Y-index (j, h) as a newly developed indicator which was recently proposed by Ho (2012, 2013b), is useful for the evaluation both the publication quantity and character of contributing authors, institutions, and countries of IS&LS.	5
‘Education, Scientific Disciplines' was the subcategory with the highest percentage of documents published in the Gold OA.	4
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
These assumptions are: (1) fully OA journals are inherently of poorer quality than journals supported by other business models and (2) the OA business model, that is, paying for publication, is more 'competitive' than the subscription journal access business model.	1
In fact, a large number of articles have been published in other languages like Chinese, Japanese, Thai and Malay, or in local journals.	0
The NSLC's list combined bibliometric indicators and the expert assessment (by consulting experts and a survey among scientists) to select risky journals with potential quality problems for “early warning” purposes.	4
In the present study, we investigated the growth and distribution of papers in ophthalmology.	1
Five broad reasons scholars reference NYT articles were identified.	4
This research impact ranking has significant strengths including a clear and reproducible methodology.	5
We included applications submitted for the August 2019 Postdoc.Mobility fellowship call.	2
This study analyzes 4593 research articles at the meta-level, explicitly referring to the SDGs.	1
Original scientific articles or reviews published from the 21 Arab countries in “Urology and Nephrology” subject were screened using the ISI Web of Science database.	2
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
The literature was reviewed and set against the objectives of metrics of literature and of researchers.	2
For every internationally co-authored peer-reviewed article (IC-PRA) published by locals, internationalists publish 23.2 such articles, and for every internationally co-authored peer-reviewed article equivalent (IC-PRAE), internationalists publish 16 such article equivalents.	4
To assess the prevalence of post-misconduct research activities for these scientists, I searched publicly available databases and online resources for evidence of post-misconduct research activities (such as publications and federal research support).	1
The applied methodology is a thorough data approach based on the international scientometric platform 'New Quality and Quantity Indices in Science' (NewQIS).	3
Collaboration strength has been determined by the Degree of Collaboration (Subramanyam, 1983), Collaborative Index (Lawani, 1980), and Collaborative Coefficient (Ajiferuke et al., 1988).	3
Discussions with Professor Gerald Jahoda, his major advisor, and with Dr.	0
Overall, reviewers declined 26.42% of review requests, with ethnic minority reviewers declining 6.24% fewer requests than nonethnic minority reviewers (i.e., declining 20.18% of requests).	4
We investigate the proportion of variation in the citation distribution that can be explained by taking the subject matter of the articles into consideration.	3
To determine the geographic distribution of OA LIS journals.	1
Authors have no competing interests to declare that are relevant to this article.	0
At the global level, the negative impact of socioeconomic, political, and intellectual distances on IRC has increased over time, whereas the negative impact of geographical and cultural distances has decreased.	4
In conclusion, we want to emphasize that geographical biases should not be underestimated.	5
1 Humanities and Social Science, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Delhi, New Delhi 110016, India	0
The network feature analysis reveals that the collaboration networks of the six disciplines are all sparse, and collaboration is established more in the subgroup.	4
To provide a complete and deeper understanding of the internationalization of China's English-language academic journals (CELAJs), this paper reviews the current status and identifies the challenges and difficulties that these journals are facing.	1
The publication and citation data for China are compared with corresponding data for the other three BRIC nations (Brazil, Russian and India).	1
PTs of the initial analysis (stars): CCT: controlled clinical trial; CT: clinical trial;	0
Assuming that the averaging operational expenditure of an English language journal in China is RMB 1.3 m, that is on the basis of the average operation fee among 12 CELJs in Hubei Province, which reads 1 m (publication activity) + 0.3 m (staff salary), the total operation fee will be RMB 1.3 x 391 = 508.3 m ($80.0 m) each year for the 391 CELJs.	4
In total, we obtain 249,000 institution-discipline-quarter triplets, which constitute our unit of observation.	2
This study confirmed that each type of coauthored article had greater average academic impact than did single-authored articles.	5
Among the different trends and emerging topics identified, there is an important presence of topics related to technology applied to the field of education, where digital contexts acquire a preponderant role in current education.	4
RQ1: Worldwide, which countries are the main producers, how has their output evolved and what comparative degree of specialisation have they achieved?	1
However, we also find that the dominance of the top four Australian universities diminished somewhat over the study period, with the universities ranked 5–8 publishing an increasing proportion of top-tier Australian output.	5
Over the past thirty years, knowledge has been decreasingly brought from physics to the focal fields by boundary crossing researchers (Fig.	4
There were only 374 conference-related references (proceedings, papers, keynote addresses, presentations, and reports) representing 7% of the total citations.	4
Our proposed ranking methods were compared to leading and widely accepted benchmarks, and were found to be extremely correlative but with the advantage of the data being publically available.	4
Per 1 Mio inhabitants, Switzerland (13.6 and 28.4), Sweden (10.9 and 18.1), the Netherlands (9.6 and 15.4), and Denmark (9.0 and 21.8) were the most productive countries in 2008/09 and 2018/19, resp.	4
In this study, our research questions are: what are the usage patterns of scientific literature on Web of Science?	1
Another policy suggestion is to extend the evaluation period for returnee scholars in the initial years of their return.	5
The types of documents considered are: articles, reviews, notes and letters.	3
In all 3,089 papers were published on global camel research 2003–2012.	5
In order to know the relative effort that a country of analysis devotes to a specific field measured in publications we applied RAI (Relative Activity Index).	3
American Journal of Transplantation has the highest outdegree centrality and is therefore the most cited journal by articles in PIT.	4
This raises the question of whether the common practice of mathematical journals of using just one referee is justified.	5
The field of observation consists of the Italian academic system and the co-authorships of scientific publications by 11,145 professors.	2
In summary, ASR reviewers did not make invalid predictions of impact.	4
However, citing more references does not guarantee that a paper will be a highly cited paper.	5
These patents are retrieved if they contain at least one specific keyword in at least one relevant field (i.e., Title, Abstract, Specification, or Claims) and at least one specific Cooperative Patent Classification (CPC) symbol prefix.	2
This paper describes an attempt to improve existing estimates of university quality by building a Bayesian hierarchical latent trait model and inputting data from eight rankings.	5
The 3,927 publishing consortia produced research with an average citation impact of MNLCS 1.954.	4
We also estimated the maximum annual costs to GBMF for covering fees associated with “gold open access” to be between $400,000 and $2,600,000 annually.	4
Specifically, the study was designed to find out whether the types of non-author entity responsible for retractions and the related reasons for retraction changed over time.	1
On a rough estimate, about 90% of STM journals and 70% of social science and humanities journals charge author fees (despite a cultural view against such practices see below).	4
DeReKo, the reference corpus of the Institut für Deutsche Sprache, IDS, located in Mannheim (see, e.g., Kupietz 2009; Kupietz et al.	2
All dubious variants of one and the same author and publication year were checked using the WoS database.	0
Hence, in this study, we used a "citations per year" measure to normalise citations data by the number of years that passed since the publication.	3
Objective benchmarks, such as the median h-index and NIH funding, provide additional insights for both junior faculty and leadership into the productivity needed to attain promotion to the next academic rank for surgical oncologists.	5
The paper highlights robust rankings based on the harmonic mean of the ranks of 20 RAMs, which in some cases are closely related.	3
The results show that with minor modifications PageRank can be used to construct valid time consistent rankings on the importance of inventions in a specific technological field and characterise the contribution of a country (or any other unit of observation) to its development over time.	5
For Clustering 2 we identified the scientists' names associated with the esteem indicators of four research specializations (STEM: “Materials and the quantum level”, IRS2; “Molecules, cells and their interaction”, IRS3; SSH: “Construction of identity and concepts of society”, IRS6; and “Cognition, communication and systemic reflection”, IRS7) and retrieved their publications in WoS Core Collection for the time period 2010–2017.	3
However, it can be predicted more accurately by using cumulative downloads count of later months.	4
Herewith, we predict the number of citations for each article under the assumption that it was published in 2000 by eliminating all year dummies from the model.	3
A topic relation identification approach is then presented to quantitatively model the relations among the topics.	3
Although the duration per discussed application is comparable to FF, the cost per reviewer is much lower for VR sessions than FF sessions.	4
In national collaboration, the institutions benefit as non-corresponding author, although the difference is too small to influence the practice of the institutions' scientific policies.	4
The process to evaluate relevance follows the spot-check recommendations proposed by Arora et al. (2013), Huang et al. (2015) and Porter et al. (2008).	3
The RPYS spectrogram was plotted using R (R Core Team, 2021) with the R package ‘BibPlots' (Haunschild</PERSON>, 2021).	3
Our analysis suggests that specific policies or interventions that help connect researchers located in the developing and developed world may provide benefits to both scholars, and to the discipline itself.	5
The differences between these two perspectives imply that the JEI rankings provide a supplement to the existing rankings of academic institutions (Frey & Rost, 2010).	5
The presence of keywords that represent ‘innovation policy' is 153, the most frequent among the 20 categories accounting for 16.0% out of total number of keywords.	4
13th International Conference on Current Research Information Systems, CRIS2016, 9-11 June 2016, Scotland, UK	0
The results show that the deep learning models trained with the augmented data outperform the traditional machine learning models in the classification task.	4
For the SSH as a whole, we observed an outspoken process of internationalization, with a clear drop in the publication share of Flanders (-13.32 %).	4
The study considers all the documents published in the journal up to 31 December 2015.	2
Based on the findings of the current study, researchers who conduct bibliometric analyses that depend on or involve document type labels should develop a two-tier selection strategy.	5
Two national ranking systems are also included: one for the USA and the other for the UK.	2
Review of Environmental Economics and Policy, volume 3, issue 2, summer 2009, pp.	0
However, the hegemony of a few countries/ regions in the production of research suggests that the available knowledge in this field may be partially limited and does not fully represent the different cultural and historical approaches across the world to the socially constructed notion of giftedness.	5
Our development and testing of the Strategy Hub has revealed that it is not trivial to design an interface that guides users to follow the general-specific-sparse strategy.	0
Also examined was the co-citation network to reveal the relevant research fields that produced publications commonly co-cited by neuroimaging publications.	3
To bridge the indicators used by Kemenristekdikti which assess all aspects of institutional ranking of a web-based trend, then Kemenristekdikti need to encourage colleges and universities in Indonesia to open access to scientific or non-scientific information that is publicly used in a web environment.	5
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0001-253X.htm	0
A strong correlation coefficient for the Google trend of USA, UK and the overall world has been witnessed.	5
Second, we found that mixed panels involving non-academic reviewers tended to emphasise the causality and attribution of impact towards applicants' characteristics and the proposed research process more than scientific excellence.	5
885 policy documents were sampled for analysis from the Altmetric.com database.	2
The Linguistic Diversity Index is based on two stipulations: (a) the more linguistically diverse the sources, the higher the score, and (b) the rarer the languages cited, the higher the score.	3
Our concern is less with the concept of the special issue itself, but rather its use as a growth and revenue strategy, which is “an increasingly widespread phenomenon with slight variations” (Repiso et al.	1
Finland is the only 1 of the 15 most productive countries showing a ratio in favor of female scientists.	4
Finally, we categorized the resulting set of 10 factors into four major groups of resources.	3
perceived ease of use) all significantly affect their attitudes toward article sharing and article sharing intentions through ResearchGate.	4
Journal of Virology was found to be most preferred journal by the researcher producing around 839(5.48%) articles.	4
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Using the JCR MasterList 2018 ordered by categories, we calculated the fictitious positions (percentiles and quartiles) of each category.	3
While our approach is applicable to all management and business journals, we specifically exemplify the relative position of ‘operations research, management science, production and operations management' journals within the broader management field, as well as within their own subject domain.	1
The OA status of a journal was determined using the Directory of Open Access Journals, Ulrich's Periodicals Directory and journal lists from Elsevier, Sage, Springer Nature, Taylor & Francis, and Wiley-Blackwell.	3
This study employs LDA topic modeling to analyze highly cited interdisciplinary research articles from the Web of Science Core Collection, identifying four core knowledge topics: interdisciplinary research methods and frameworks, multidisciplinary approaches in cancer treatment, covid-19 multidisciplinary care, and AI optimization in industrial applications.	5
This paper investigates the within country geographic mobility of researcher from their graduating universities and its relationship with publication productivity, paying special attention to the roles of Academicians, a member of the Chinese Academy of Science or Engineering.	1
Traditional text analysis is a labor-intensive activity that limits sample sizes to the speeds that human researchers are capable of reading, even ambitious studies are limited to a few hundred.	0
A report of a single case of an unusual syndrome was published by 20 authors.	2
The longitudinal research output development in the humanities was studied by means of three selected faculties.	2
The present review successfully synthesizes the available literature, identifies gaps in knowledge that warrant further investigation, proposes methodological suggestions, and offers significant insights that can shape the direction of future research endeavours.	5
The top three disciplines were Chemistry Physical (12,567, accounting for 45.9%), Materials Science Multidisciplinary (7,255, accounting for 26.5%) and Chemistry Multidisciplinary (6,187, accounting for 22.6%).	4
Using the consensus best practices articulated at the National Academy of Engineering's 2008 workshop as our analytic framework, we assessed each plan for its public accessibility, clarity, and structure; the format of the training the plan offered; the format of the training the plan required; whether the plan offered trainees choices about ways to fulfill the training requirement; whether the plan required the same training for all categories of trainees; and the frequency and duration of activities that satisfied its minimum training requirements.	3
The IM and KM corpus were imported to VOSviewer (v.1.6.9); a well-known bibliometric software that identifies the most relevant noun phrases [45] by applying a linguistic filter that selects all word sequences [53].	3
On average, the number of references cited per article was 29 in 2003, which increased to 45 in 2019.	4
The majority of articles (60/100) showed primary focus on degenerative hip research and arthroplasty accounting for 76% of citations; hip preserving research accounted for (14/100 articles) 12% of citations; bone disease and necrosis (6/100 articles) accounted for 5% of citations; trauma (6/100 articles) accounted for 4% citations; anatomy (4/100 articles) accounted for 3% of citations.	4
As per Table 2, the year-wise Scopus indexed publications' trend is shown above which clearly shows that NCL, Pune was a leading organisation where CRRI, New Delhi was lagging with great difference.	4
Scientific E&C is a learning process and needs time to develop.	5
Issues related to the Chinese healthcare reform, priority diseases (e.g., breast cancer, HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis, etc.), health systems performance, quality of life and measurement tools, aging problems and research methods have been the most popular HSS topics in China in recent years.	4
In this study, we employed bibliometric technique to explore the landscape of academic articles in the field of environmental footprint family.	5
Authors may use these results to weigh the relative importance of readership, citations, and online engagement to the cost of OA publication.	5
However, the potential for OA to help China to build and project its soft power is being limited by the legacies of the print era, as well as the challenges of efficiently governing the national research and innovation systems.	4
Bibliometrics is A type of analysis (quantitative and/or qualitative), implemented for studying academic literature which have some common attributes (e.g., study topics), and it describes temporal progress in different aspects of literature including the subject field, trends in publication, productivity of authors, utility of research and sometimes helps in forecasting future patterns of the literature [1,2].	1
This model consists of the Quintuple Helix (government, university, industry, knowledge society, and sustainability) with the added dimension of entrepreneurship.	5
Keywords Science writers · Impact Science communication · Bias · Citations · Editorship	0
Through this bibliometric study, we found some interesting phenomena.	5
In total, we collected bibliometric data on 13,578 peer-reviewed journal articles.	2
The ISI Web of Science (Thomson Reuters, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was used to conduct a search for the term rotator cuff repair.	2
Overall, the good agreements we find between input in resources for R&D and relevance of knowledge output suggests that our indicators can be reliably used to make quantitative assessments on National Innovation Systems features.	5
Using a dataset of 370 bioscience professors in Japan we find that international research visits have a positive effect on promotion and reduce the waiting time for promotion by one year.	1
In the past 20 years, the IF trend increased faster for EM journals with a higher initial IF.	5
Is there any gender disparity among neurosurgery scientists in terms of the quantity of their scientific papers?	1
In this part, the responses to semistructured interviews were analyzed through a thematic analysis technique by following the lens of Bronfenbrenner's ecological theory.	3
A map detailing the various levels of conflict in the West Asian and North African regions.	0
In the humanities (Fig 4), coverage is generally lower, and changes are occurring more swiftly than in the social sciences.	4
Alexy Babu for her assistance in gathering the data for statistical analysis.	0
Continuous variables were reported as medians with their inter-quartile ranges and compared with a Student t test.	3
We would like to thank the United States Patent and Trademark Office for their support during the research.	0
The work was supported by the project of "National Natural Science Foundation of China" (61301227), “Social Science Foundation of China” (10CZX011) and the project of “Fundamental Research Funds for the Central Universities” (DUT12RW309).	0
Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), and the NIH's Consolidated Grant Applicant File, respectively, and carefully name-disambiguated.	2
The approach consisted of two components: completion of an email survey followed by an in-depth semi-structured interview.	3
It is proved that our proposed model can obtain reasonably clustering results by comparing it with traditional scientific documents clustering models, such as traditional bibliographic coupling model and textual similarity model, according to the indices of precision, recall, and F1-score.	4
Descriptive informetrics was used to extract data from the two internationally recognized repository directories (Registry of Open Access Repositories—ROAR, http://roar.eprints.org/ and Directory of Open Access Repository—DOAR, http://www.opendoar.org/) about the number of registered repositories in Nigeria in other to ascertain the performance of Nigeria universities in developing institutional repositories.	2
By doing so, h?-index provides a more precise way to evaluate the academic impact of researchers.	5
What then are the useful quantitative indicators of scientific research performance, and social science research in particular.	0
This article aims to comprehensively analyze the total COVID-19 articles published in the IJO during the COVID-19 pandemic and to study their impact on ophthalmic literature.	1
The first 100 full-text English articles from each journal were collected to produce a final dataset of 200 open access articles, 200 closed access articles, and 100 preprints.	2
We found that the decrease in citations from/to top-tier journals was not limited to PLoS ONE but also affected other megajournals and other open access journals, despite the extent of these effects was highly variable (Fig.	4
Unlike journals that possess accreditation indices, there is no appropriate accreditation for international conferences.	1
This has been called 'informed subjectivity' (Chemical and Engineering News, Nov.	0
Finally, authors in our corpus belong to 123 countries, with the People's Republic of China at the top with 5,360 articles, followed by the United States of America with 1,974 articles, and South Korea in third place with 717 articles.	4
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, Month 2016	0
Second, we study the field's conceptual landscape through a bibliographic coupling network.	3
The method was used to systematically analyze the co-citation network and coupling network of core authors in Chinese IS.	3
This trend is hardly unique only to these journals and holds true to many journals outside of life science as well (Fortunato et al., 2018).	5
Research Question 4: How do the experiences of editors, coauthors, and an admitted fraudster illuminate the pressures created by poor research practices?	1
Using the Lerner index to measure market power through price elasticity of demand, this study employs difference tests and multiple regressions.	3
The relationship between the two logics—NPM and Enlightenment—is asymmetrical.	4
In addition, the authors acknowledge the contributions of Dr Richard Carlin, Office of Naval Research, for sponsoring this effort.	0
Within each broad set of fields, we include research articles published in English-language journals between 1996 and 2014 and exclude editorial comments, books, and other nonresearch articles.	2
The findings call into question techniques such as citation context analysis that are based on the assumption that readers understand the reasons why authors cite material.	5
The first retrieval recalled a total of 2,989 documents, of which 2,982 include author information, 2,815 include references, and 2,812 include both the author information and references.	2
Therefore, logistic regression analyses were executed to show to what extent NR-PCP and NR-FP could explain future citation from patents.	4
This way fields that are often co-cited with each other appear close together and have thicker lines joining them.	0
The paper then compares the WoS with the Finnish Publication Forum (JUFO), which is peer review-based, and provides some statistical analyses on correlations between the two, complemented by a study of the attitudes towards the WoS of over 40 editors of leading law journals.	2
The in-depth analysis of experiments and evaluation revealed that network indices hold the potential to rank the authors with respect to their position in the co-author network.	5
Internet users only, it was not able to report traffic data for some Chinese Websites.	0
We examined 27,612 scientific articles, modelling the normalized citation counts received against the number of authors and affiliations held.	2
However, by four years the rates were similar (26.57 for surgery, 30.35 for basic science/medical), which suggests that there is a considerable time lag before clinical surgical research has an impact.	4
This paper offers a possible theory to explain this paradox.	1
The 52 journals in library and information science contain a largest cluster of 28 journals which can be denoted as “library science” sensu stricto.	4
Participants were tenured and tenure-track faculty employed at research-intensive universities in the United States.	2
The topic-modeling tool available at https://code.google.com/p/topic-modeling-tool/ uses Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA).	3
Document type = (articles and reviews), year of publication = (all years), and language = English.	2
Study location, research topic and anatomic areas were recorded.	3
This study aims to assess the knowledge of biomedical researchers about predatory journals both before and after showing them an infographic explaining these journals and their publishing model and, finally, to assess their perspective regarding open access and predatory journals.	1
The analysis of the survey data demonstrates that the top motivation for publishing academic paper in journals was career aspirations and promotion (43.4%).	4
It will largely depend on the publishers, editors, reviewers, resource vendors and librarians to recommend or require, guide, encourage and promote citations to online resources.	5
This study applies the social network analysis (SNA) methodology and combines it with a survey and statistical analysis to assess the network of scholars attached to the CLS, to explore the evolution of collaborative behaviour over time and to explore the relationships between the network and specific output and outcome variables.	1
The final section concludes our paper and presents avenues for future work.	0
The only journal which provided true OA was Medical Principles and Practice, with no fees charged whatsoever.	4
5–8], our case represents a more co-evolutionary process where universities have exercised influence on national guidelines.	5
The mean number of authors per article in 1946 (1.42) was found to have increased consistently by 0.07 authors/ article per year (R2 = 0.9728, P<0.001) to 5.79 authors/article in 2013.	4
APM&R is the longest-existing rehabilitation journal in the United States and possibly worldwide.	5
This paper studies the extent of collaborative research and its impact on a university in a developing country.	1
This research focus is motivated by McCabe and Snyder (2015) who suggest that the spread of OA pre-prints constitutes an important change in academic publishing and that online access to the pre-print may provide a good substitute for online access to the published journal version.	5
Similarly, we choose Biochemistry, Business and Economics, Engineering, and Medicine as a sample of subjects from four broad disciplinary clusters—life sciences, social sciences, physical sciences and health sciences, respectively.	2
We found that changing the source of an abstract from a low- to a high-income country led to a significant increase in the perceived relevance of the abstract and the subsequent likelihood of referral of the abstracts to others.	5
National Institutes of Health funding to surgeons, on the other hand, has significantly declined, from a peak of $314 million (2007) to $292 million (2016), at a rate of a $3 million decrease per year (Fig.	4
*We used formula (7) instead of (2) in order to show better the behavior of the function a.	0
Let us shed a light on some of the prominent automatic citation classification schemes.	0
This section presents three new algorithms, search-path arithmetic decay (SPAD), search-path geometric decay (SPGD), and search-path harmonic decay (SPHD), and discusses how these three traversal counts are different from the previous algorithms.	3
Measuring publications per research institute, Denmark again ranked first, with 19.2 publications per institute, followed by Italy (14.9) and Sweden (13.8).	4
China has a high proportion of dominant, supervisory and primary pattern papers, which suggests that China gradually plays a critical role in international scientific collaboration.	4
Thirdly, based on the country affiliations of the collaborating authors, the co-authored articles were classified into four categories: (1) collaboration within Ghana, (2) collaboration within Africa, (3) collaboration outside Africa, and (4) collaboration within and outside Africa.	3
This research led to an investigation by Crossref (confirming our findings) and to subsequent corrective actions.	1
A social work benchmark for the number of publications is around 1.4 publications per year, depending upon a person's stage of career and workload profile.	4
We find diverse impacts according to career status, with younger faculty and doctoral students faring least well with an absence of face-to-face communication.	4
We classify our authors into four categories following the definitions suggested by Costas and Bordons (2008).	3
In this study, we propose a two-step solution to the problem of emerging topic prediction.	1
In contrast, the proportion of surgeons who published a first-author COR paper during training increased from 61.4% to 69.2% (P= 0.0823), and more specifically, the proportion who published only COR papers during training increased from 18.9% to 37.7% (P<0.0001).	4
The University of Jordan was the most productive institution while the American University of Beirut ranked first in the percentage (36.9%) of documents published in Q1 journals.	4
Specifically, we consider the Jensen Shannon divergence (DJS)[40] to measure the statistical “distance” between the observed temporal distribution, Pdata(N*/N), and the model-generated distribution, Pmodel(N*/N), which is the symmetric version of the Kullback-Leibler divergence.[1,41]	3
There were 1006 publications in the 5 spine journals between 2004 and 2013 from China, including 706 from Mainland China, 210 from Taiwan, and 90 from Hong Kong.	4
Hierarchical partitioning [11] was performed to estimate the independent explanatory capacity of each factor on the number of all Nobel laureates and natural science laureates per capita.	3
By aggregating citations to the country-level it is possible to track aggregate international knowledge flows without identifying individual author affiliations.	3
This paper uses empirical research data and theoretical insights from the literature on governance to problematise some of the arguments presented in the research assessment literature, in particular, the description of the UK RAE/REF as a mechanism for top-down control with strongly negative, blanket-impacts on disciplines, institutions and individual researchers.	1
Most articles (67%) were retracted from scientific journals and the remainder from preprint servers.	4
Linguistic diversity is essential for comprehensive evidence-based decision making.	5
To investigate the publications rates and characteristics of the authors for manuscripts originating from Australia in the 15 highest ranked orthopaedic journals over a 5-year period.	1
I understand (Ian McAllister, personal communication) that the cutting rule used was that of conventional rounding.	0
The reported location of most publishers was in the United States.	4
This article maps the academic production in these two areas, to define the main periodicals, authors and geographic regions covered, based on a bibliometric study with qualitative indicators.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
Centre for R&D Monitoring, KU Leuven, Dekenstraat 2, 3000 Leuven, Belgium	0
Thus, the question arises whether the publication patterns of men and women mathematicians differ in a significant way.	1
This software was also used to run the MannWhitney U test to find the association between the type of funding a study received and the number of citations it garnered.	3
He is co-author of 3 books and more than 30 publications on international journals and proceedings.	0
Moreover, although research funded by some agencies is mostly recognized as incremental-type research, those in other categories may perform better in terms of the number of citations.	4
This paper examines the citation impact of papers published in scientific-scholarly journals upon patentable technology, as reflected in examiner- or inventor-given references in granted patents.	1
Among the trios, Nano-Info-Bio had the strongest relations and Cogno-Nano-Info had the weakest.	4
Altmetric.com and ImpactStory.org collect and sell altmetrics data for scholarly products and offer free statistics for single documents through their websites.	0
Out of these, 186,347 entries correspond to journals, which constituted the focus of our analysis in this paper.	2
The main findings related to the analysis of the theoretically-constructed dataset that constitutes the core of the present study highlight the fact that all of the h-index variants (including more traditional bibliometric indicators) are decidedly responsive to manipulative practices.	5
The final validated version is provided as an appendix to this study (Appendix B).	0
A complete data set from the previous two cycles of evaluation was used in our analysis.	2
The final step in the collaboration analysis was to use Gephi to visualize the collaboration patterns between countries using data from the Web of Science and Academia.edu databases.	3
We also thank Erjia Yan, Yuyin Sun, and two anonymous reviewers for their insightful comments.	0
The American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons (ASES) website was accessed to obtain a directory of fellowship faculty and fellowship programs (current as of July 14, 2015).	2
The database contains a total of 69 million items (bibliographic entries), of which 55 million have at least one reference recorded in the database.	2
Bensman (2000) presented the thesis that the skewed distributions dominating library and information science are also inherent in many other biological and social phenom-	0
Before we describe the objectives of the study, a few words on the area of laser research would be appropriate.	0
Research in LIS has experienced structural changes during 1965–2015.	5
The number of total publications per top ten institutes of each country has high correlation with various demographic parameters like total population (Spearman rho, p = 0.85), gross domestic product (p = 0.82), total number of physicians (p =0.72), and number enrolled for higher education (p = 0.93).	4
The document types analyzed in this study were research papers and review articles; letters and editorial materials were excluded.	2
Since the paper aimed at characterizing open access levels in different disciplines, each publication record was tagged into one of the 14 broad research disciplines.	3
This begs the question: why are newer papers cited more often?	5
With the advancement in data science tools and increasing computational capacities, we can use bibliometric data for calculating a researcher's mobility on location and a disciplinary focus over time.	3
However, since MCDM methods are suitable for comparing conflicting criteria and multiple alternatives, they provide an advantage in measuring the research performance of universities.	5
We propose ASP to evaluate the scientific prestige of an article, based on eigenvector centrality or Pagerank.	3
In the extraction process, some funding information was lost in 12% of the articles and the distribution of agencies and grant numbers by subfield was not always consistent.	4
Almost all EM journals were published in Chinese; the publishers of these journals were associations or universities, like Chinese Medical Association, Chinese Medical Doctor Association, Tongji Medical University; the editorial board members, editors, and peer-review team of EM journals were located in, and mainly come from, mainland China; the impact factor (IF) was comparatively low, with a mean IF of 0.712; in the terms of journal website, only seven journals had a website, and some websites were not completely established.	4
This article examines three decades of publication statistics to provide an understanding of its development and a brief look at its possible future.	1
Q1: Do the research productivity and quality of research differ between the hard and soft disciplines in the School of Arts and Sciences at the Lebanese American University	1
We used a mixed-method approach involving both one-way analysis of variance, two-way mixed design analysis of variance, and semi-structured interviews.	3
As shown in Figure 1, the number of authors per article (averaging 2.35) has varied from a low of 1.25 in Volume 15 to a high of 3.03 in Volume 27, a modest upward trend.	4
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
The purpose of the present study was to identify the 100 top cited systematic reviews and meta-analyses on dental journals so as to gain insight into the influential publications in dentistry.	1
At all three analysis levels (i.e., authors, organizations, and countries), there turns out to be a full counting bonus that is positive and of significant size.	4
See Section 2 for more information on which journal issues were analyzed.	0
This article chooses the databases SSCI and SCIE from WoS Core Collection.	2
4 A list of all cut-off values can be found in the Appendix.	0
Error-bars are not shown as the standard deviation of the mean cites per article are too small to be seen in the plots.	0
VOSviewer is a mapping and clustering analysis software developed by Van Eck and Waltman based at University of Leiden, Netherlands.	3
The survey was distributed through the online platform provided by Questionnaire Star to facilitate data collection and analysis.	3
In details, for each SSD, for each academic position (AP or FP), and for each indicator (x1 to x4, see Table 1), we have fitted, using a Levemberg–Marquad least squares fitting routine (Press et al. 2007), the cumulative data to Eq.	3
We finally selected the 100 articles with the highest AASs (range = 868–3873), as listed in Table 1.	4
These standardized values were then used as an input into the principal component analysis and plotted as a biplot after multidimensional scaling, generating a map of funding organizations and their trends.	3
As seen from Figure 4, GEQR’s co-word network has an average path length of L = 3.7 and clustering coefficient c = 0.424.	4
One obvious limitation of this study is its restriction to the biomedical literature.	0
In total, 862 scholarly articles containing a citation to one or more of the four databases were identified as only steadily increasing since 2000.	4
According to Table 3, the total state funds for the journals are about RMB 100 m each year, which is 19.67% of the total operational expenditure (i.e.	4
There was a statistically significant difference in the SJR indicator between publisher type (p = 0.028) and between continent of publication (p < 0.001).	4
However, such uncertainties are very rare and can be considered acceptable because the aim of this study is to figure out how enthusiastic the physicists have been about contributing articles to their IR depending on their familiarity level to self-archiving through a long-run SR repository, but not the reverse.	0
The general search resulted in 29,989 items, wherein 27,741 articles were published in journals.	2
However, this has been accompanied by a sharp decrease in the proportion of accepted articles.	4
The identified manuscripts were analyzed with VOSviewer for further bibliometric parameters, such as citation analysis of institutions, countries/regions, and journals, and to visualize the citation patterns of the terms appearing in the titles and abstracts.	3
The aims for this study were 1) to systematically examine the FAP system in Taiwan, and 2) to provide potential strategies for the improvement of the country-specific system in the global context.	1
According to our research, 89 institutions have integrated ORCID into their information systems by January 2023.	4
We identify three affective techniques used to govern ecosystem service research and discuss the limits of governing research through affects.	4
Our findings for cultural proximity do not allow of unambiguous conclusions concerning their influence on the collaboration intensity between countries.	4
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
This self-organized weighting resembles the mathematical technique of power iteration used to converge on stationary probability distributions of web page relevancy (Bollen et al.	3
Since there is no difference between scores given by male and female evaluators to candidates who become tenure-track professors, male evaluators seem more focused on shorter time to degree than are female evaluators.	5
Three are Central and Eastern European countries that share a similar cultural and political heritage (the Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Poland).	1
We used network measures and other variables presented above to analyse the potential sources of bias in the review process.	3
The interpretation of this index is the same as that of the (unweighted) Gini index, namely twice the area between the (weighted) Lorenz curve and the diagonal.	3
First, we examine the effect of a set of institutional factors on the difference between a program containing students that win honorable mentions exclusively and those that contain students who win at least one formal award (Equation (1)).	3
Med.) or a single dramatic increase during 2012 (Fig.	4
Mean number of citations for Networking and Electronics conferences (Google Scholar).	0
This map largely confirms the literature, already discussed in this paper, that has examined the variety of impact pathways, as well as the existing analyses of REF.	5
Our study addresses the following questions: (1) What are the learning and instruction research trends in the AP region from 2002 to 2011?	1
The source field in the cited references was sorted to differentiate between journal titles, conference proceedings, technical memos, and books.	3
I express my gratitude to Monika Walczak, Piotr Kulicki, Robert Kublikowski, Piotr Bi?gorajski, Barry Smith, Brian Panasiak, and the reviewers for their helpful comments.	0
A search on the ORCID website2 on 7 December 2023 showed that there were 281,819 instances of Wang, including 2, 863 instances of Wang Wei, and 18,427 occurrences of Smith, including 192 occurrences of John Smith.	2
The second section identifies trends, including the adoption of funding competitions, rise in international collaboration, and continuity in career incentives.	3
Another option of visualization is the network of the collaboriation between authors and contributors, which is specifically provided by the package networkD3 (see Figure 6).	3
The data obtained will be useful to determine the evolution of EULAC collaborations and main characteristics in one of the most visible databases used by the scientific and academic community.	0
New mechanisms are needed to identify and avoid this relatively new type of misconduct.	5
We computed correlations for the PDR and cynicism, moral disengagement, compliance disengagement, impulsivity, work stressors, RCR knowledge, demographic variables, and social desirability.	3
Following Nasir et al. [34], we use the Loess smoothing technique, which is the locally weighted smoothing use regression analysis to demonstrate the smooth line with the help of a time plot or scatter plot [40].	3
Then the value for complete-h will be calculated as shown in Table 8.	0
The salaries of Dr von Elm and Mrs Poglia were provided and the study was funded by grant N-3200-064800.01/1 from the Swiss National Science Foundation.	0
L'article conclut que l'inflation du nombre d'auteurs en physique des particules est un phénomène émergent (non additif), visible notamment à l'activité normative engagée au sein de ce champ.	5
In the second case, the publications undersigned by more than one author as opposed to single authorship have five times as many citations per document when it comes to topics of a national scope, and seven times as many for “Other Topics”.	4
This study shows that using process indicators does help anticipating societal impacts that may not yet have occurred at the moment of evaluating.	5
The participant pool of the study included 76 peer-reviewed journals that used the APA's web-based Journals Back Office (JBO) for reviewing purposes during a 10-year period from 2003 to 2012.	2
While factors including institutional prestige and gender are shown to affect faculty hiring outcome, there is a lack of study on whether and how research collaboration helps.	1
Keywords Bibliometric analysis · Support vector machines · Co-citation · Co-occurrence · China	0
Data collection tools in this study are: A: SEO researcher-made checklist consisting of 30 components found using the agreements between the two automated analysis tools "SEO P timer" and "SEO site check-up".	3
Finally, 150 related keywords with a total frequency of 5,963 (about 55% of the frequency of the entire keywords) were determined to represent the main contents of RecSys research in China.	2
Finally, the main challenges relating to recognising originality in the peer review process are identified leading to recommendations for improvements to how originality is assessed.	1
The present study aims to evaluate the success of graduate students in psychiatry in Brazil, in terms of the quantity and quality of their publication productivity, investigating the influence that student proficiency in English and the scientific capabilities of academic advisors (in terms of the quantity and impact of their papers published in indexed peer-reviewed periodicals) have on student ability to publish.	1
Therefore, instead of treating altmetrics data as a black box, the underlying social media networks, which may either inflate or deflate social media usage counts, need further scrutiny.	5
We have also calculated a weight metric for each indicator, by summing up the percentage weights of each indicator in different ranking systems (Table 6).	3
Spanish-language citations are significant, however, at 14 percent.	4
The h-index correlated with academic position [Prof (17.5), Senior Lecturer (10.5) and non-academic (5); P < 0.0001], higher degree [PhD (10), MD (6) and none (4.5); P < 0.0001] and consultant experience [> 10 year (7), < 10 years (4); P < 0.0001].	4
Note that many journals were included in two or more JCR groups.	2
The Gibbs sampling is run for 2,000 iterations, including 500 for the burn-in period.	0
To explore these perceptual barriers, survey measures related to perceived competence were developed and validated with a population of earth scientists (n = 449) ranging from undergraduates through professionals.	1
This exposes a significant methodological question about the best way to measure productivity of departments, graduate programs, and individual scholars.	5
In other words, an increase in the relative weight placed on quantity does not increase equilibrium quality.	4
The authors are extremely grateful for the RD office team coaches whose meticulous record-keeping made this study possible.	0
Articles were extracted from Elsevier's Scopus in May 2022.	2
From the analysis of the indicators presented here it can be concluded that the scientific output of the countries in Group III, represented by articles produced by themselves or in symmetric or balanced international collaboration, is highly insignificant.	5
Next, I embed each matrix Mt into d-dimensional vector space using LINE, 20 a popular network embedding technique that seeks to minimize the Kullback-Leibler divergence of the connection probability in the vector space given the empirical one.	3
This demonstrates that analyses on the high aggregation level of the university do not reflect the behavior of its faculties.	4
The focus of our analysis is the Journal of Informetrics, a representative journal of the areas of scientometrics, bibliometrics, webometrics, and altmetrics, which introduced the requests and dissemination of the list of the contributions made by the authors.	2
Restriction in time was applied to limit the search to the corresponding three decades from 1989 to 1998, from 1999 to 2008, from 2009 to 2018.	3
Keywords Bioethics · Macro-ethics · Research ethics · Genomics Bioinformation Globalisation · Biobanking	0
Scopus includes 5603 references to articles and conference papers that contain the query terms in their title, abstract, and keywords.	4
Sixty-one percent of scholars who applied for career development awards were funded compared with 37% of K08 or K23 applications across all NIH institutes in 2016.	4
This alarming trend can be attributed to employment market dynamics, promotions and tenure issues, and institutional requirements for article publishing before the dissertation defense.	5
This article attempts to understand what is currently working well or not-so-well about peer review in software engineering (SE) and how this might change in the next 20 years.	1
The contribution of this paper is to apply the Borda count approach to combine different MIS journal rankings produced by subjective and objective methods.	1
A limitation of the present study is that we have not direct evidence to test the age hypothesis since the WoS database (and any other bibliographic database, such as Scopus, Psycarticles, PsycNet, PubMed, etc.) does not provide data about the authors' age.	5
All English-language scientific journals were included regardless of country of origin, or electronic availability of article or abstract.	2
The most productive countries were United States, United Kingdom, Australia, and Canada.	4
After adjustment, most interfield differences in citation inequality are also revealed to be an artifact resulting from differences in the size of fields.	4
We employed the co-citation frequency, rather than the number of co-citations, in judging princes because the number of SBs’ citing papers varied greatly from about 100 to several thousand.	3
The results of this study suggest that different metrics are somewhat related to each other but they also keep their own characteristics.	5
RQ?: How was the intellectual structure of Spanish Communication research organized between 1980 and 2020?	1
In this way, it is perhaps more appropriate to think of the “balanced” journal as one with “proportionate inbound and outbound citation flows”, i.e., journals with power and weakness with near equal measure.	5
Year of publication was independently associated with number of citations (β ?0.95, p-value <0.01).	4
The relationships between a country's productivity to GDP and population, and the relationship between citations to journal type, adjusting for article types, number of authors, and time since publication were examined using a multivariate adaptive regression spline (MARS) algorithm.	3
A scientometric approach in combination with visualizing density equalizing mapping was used to analyse published data related to the field of traffic medicine between 1900 and 2008 within the "Web of Science" (WoS) database.	3
All but one of these respondents made a written comment on the survey.	0
We requested that the voter first provide for each of the 20 papers an 'importance' score, assigning each to one of four categories: Top 10, Between 11–25, Between 26–100 or Not in the top “100”.	3
Except for General and Biochemistry, all other disciplines received more scientific impact during the past five citation windows.	4
The Academic Resilience Scale, developed by Kim and Kim (2016), consists of 26 questions that are rated on a five-point Likert scale, ranging from 1 (absolutely disagree) to 5 (absolutely agree).	2
The highest annual growth rate was in the fields Humanities (34.39 %) and Social Sciences (23.95 %).	4
When obtaining prestigious career grants becomes leading in recruitment, the tension with the more general notion of talent becomes important.	5
The median impact factor (IF) was 3.6 (2.8–5.9).	4
It is also interesting to note that, several clustering systems that work on titles and abstracts (i.e., those that have ‘TA’ in their names, including OK-TA, TM-TA, TM-TA-FC) perform worse than their counterparts that work on reference titles (i.e., those that have ‘RT’ in their names, including OK-RT, TM-RT, TM-RT-FC) on all the datasets.	4
After excluding the corporations whose RG homepage had not been created or could not be confirmed, and whose members were smaller than 10, 92 research corporations were finally selected as the study sample.	2
The graphical representation of the networks of collaboration between countries was performed with the Pajek software (Batagelj and Mrvar 2002).	3
Although the RCR certainly offers some advantages compared with the h-index and its derivatives, its implementation in evaluating academic faculty should be preceded with careful consideration of its limitations as well as the broader limitations of quantitative bibliometrics.	5
Although NHMRC funding increased >10-fold since 1990, national project grant success rates declined (35% in 1990, 17% in 2013 and 15% in 2014, P < 0.0001), with physician-led funded grants declining from 29% in 1989 to 21% in 2013, P = 0.002.	4
The relationship between index time and online time of EA articles;	1
Kamal Kumar Mahawar, Ajay Malviya1 and Ganesh Kumar, Department of Surgery, Darlington Memorial Hospital, Darlington and 1Department of Orthopaedics, Freeman Hospital, Newcastle upon Tyne, UK.	0
Therefore, the topic feature, the early citation features and the author’s reputation are the key factors that affect the future citations of the article.	5
Notable in Figure 2 is the accelerated growth in NYT referencing starting in 2006.	4
Additional searches were performed using Google Scholar, Thompson Reuters Web of Science, Science Direct, Wiley InterScience and SpringerLink.	2
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
H1 Including at least one colon in communication research articles' titles increases the articles' (a) usage count and (b) citation.	1
This contention is based on the results of a recent review paper [8] reporting a database that ranks the top 100,000 scientists (1.45% across all disciplinary fields) or the top 2% of each subfield discipline-- from a worldwide universe of 6,880,389 who published at least five articles indexed in the Scopus database (stored at the Mendeley web site).	2
The intervention consisted of promotion of 1,600 articles in the TrendMD Network for 6 months, between May 1, 2018 and November 2, 2018.	3
Since the primary source of publication metadata is Dimensions, the analysis is limited to institutions with publications listed on the database.	5
Finally, we collect 562 and 35,837 papers, respectively.	2
Scientific mapping and visualization were used to analyze the published research from multiple sources and to represent data in the form of a knowledge map.	3
Then, we applied a group of metrics, e.g., the numbers of vertices, edges, connected components and single-vertex connected components, to reveal the scale of networks and their degree of isolation.	0
The change from IPC to CPC thus makes a difference in this evaluation; the rank-ordering differs significantly between 2014 and 2016 (p = .42; n.s.).	4
Women comprised 16.7% of the first and 12.4% of the last authors.	4
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
For the analysis, we used 5 year periods, starting with 1990–1994 and ending with 1995–1999.	2
Therefore, the main aim of this analysis is to describe the scientific evolution of Physical Therapy research through articles published in Physiotherapy, Physical Therapy Journal, and Journal of Physiotherapy/Australian Journal of Physiotherapy from 1951 to 2013.	1
We tested the tool among Sweden's higher education sector, observing researcher mobility patterns between 1992–2021.	1
Implementing overseas mobility policies would only guarantee the intended benefits if addressing endogenous system challenges.	5
Because the frequency of NSC follows Zipf's law, the statistical significance of deviations from this distribution can be estimated.	5
To conduct citation sentence-based entitymetrics analysis and construct the DCS and ICS network, we collected the total full-text research papers that were published until March 2022 by using “opioid” as the search query in PubMed Central (PMC).	2
In the group of original articles (N = 2623), articles with declarative titles (N = 336, 13%) showed statistically higher number of citations in multiple comparison analysis when compared to descriptive titles (P < 0.001).	4
The first stage was a standard quantitative analysis of the data, conducted in Excel and SPSS, designed to address RQ1 ('What are the rates of commenting on PLOS articles, and are there variations across users, between journals and over time?').	3
Indicators are the number of publications, number of citations, the excellence rate and co-publications.	3
Conceptualization: ML and YB; methodology: ML, NZ, and SY; formal analysis: ML; writing (original draft preparation): ML; writing (review and editing): ML, YB, and NZ; visualization: ML; supervision: ML, YB, and NZ.	0
To demonstrate the indexing pattern of diabetes' articles terms in Scopus databases, we used VOSviewer mapping software of Centre for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden University, The Netherlands.	3
The study thus showed that the SSH-oriented taxonomy and its indicators were useable and uniform in both STEM and SSH.	5
CiteSpace and VOSviewer software are used to visualize data.	3
Citation density was calculated by total number of citations over the number of years since publication [18,24,30].	3
Received: 26 April 2019 Revised: 11 July 2019 Accepted: 22 August 2019	0
The highest accuracy was for models distinguishing philosophy from other disciplines: between philosophy and physics, 90.13; between philosophy and psychology, 88.43%.	4
Brazil was the country with the largest number of studies (24.88%).	4
1 More recently, vector autoregression models are developed that capture linear interdependencies among a limited number of time series (Abdulnasser 2004).	0
There were no significant differences between the groups in terms of studying abroad and training on academic integrity and scientific writing.	4
The time period of analysis was limited to records until the year 2016, because all INSPIRE publications records are updated in real time, so recent publications are subject to frequent changes, and because the age of a publication strongly affects the number of citations that it can amass.	2
Citation network is a directed acyclic graph if only citations from new papers to old papers could be recognized.	3
Therefore, not only for convenience, but also based on ethical principles of scientific research, we adhere to the San Francisco Declaration on Research Assessment when it emphasizes “the need to eliminate the use of journal-based metrics in funding, appointment and promotion considerations; and the need to assess research on its own merits rather on the journal in which the research is published".	3
A notable correlation exists between prolific authors, institutions, and countries, alongside those who contribute to high journal impact factors.	4
Our unique biographical, administrative, publication, and citation database ("The Polish Science Observatory") included all professors with at least a doctoral de-gree employed in 85 research-involved universities.	2
K. C. Garg is in the CSIR-National Institute of Science, Technology and Development Studies, Dr K.	0
Findings indicate the collaborative network created by the fellowships program is growing and strengthening over time.	5
The results were restricted to the period of 2020–2021.	2
To test our hypotheses, we used complete network data and individual background information of all faculty members at a major private U.S.	2
In this study, Poisson regression analysis was used to test three independent variables: the relationship between disciplinary heterogeneity and innovation performance, cognitive heterogeneity and innovation performance, as well as organisational heterogeneity and innovation performance.	3
Despite a large difference in the number of CEE (173) and non-CEE journals (2551) in which CEE authors have published their output over the analyzed period, articles in our sample are almost equally distributed between the two groups (54% of articles in CEE journals and 46% in non-CEE journals).	4
Compared to the latter, the former models give as good as or slightly better fit to data on impact factors in eight important scientific fields.	4
In the open review condition, participants were tasked with viewing the scenarios under the impression that their identities would be revealed if the work were published.	3
The results suggest an upward trend not only in the number of papers but also in the number of authors per paper.	4
By considering the relative importance and appropriate strategies for inclusion of both types of grey literature, reviewers can optimise resource efficiency and comprehensiveness, and minimise publication bias.	5
Author contributions were divided into four patterns, which were transformed from the combination of the author roles.	3
Common citation analysis and word analysis can be used to identify the most important publications, authors, concepts and themes in any subject/area/discipline with this software (Chen, Ibekwe-SanJuan, & Hou, 2010).	3
Our study examines the extent to which these publishers and their journals, as identified by Beall, are present in select academic databases and in a directory commonly utilized in libraries.	1
The articles appeared in 24 journals, with more than half published in the Archives of General Psychiatry (56), followed by the American Journal of Psychiatry (6), and Psychological Medicine (6).	4
Note: (▲) Person 1, (■) Person 2, (□) Person 3, (○) Person 4, (●) Person 5.	0
In conclusion, obsolescence is important to consider when setting the length of the citation windows.	5
Papers with “high median conventionality” and “high tail novelty” display a hit rate of 9.11 out of 100 papers, or nearly twice the background rate of 5 out of 100 papers.	4
Figure 10A shows that the 65% of the scientists can be divided into 24 macroscopic families with size S > 500.	4
Publications from the Asian nation increased from 5.3% in 2006 to 14.6% in 2012.	4
In this sense, SNSs may help overcome geographic boundaries and information asymmetries (Autor, 2001; Varian, 2010).	5
Women scientists publish in low impact factor and domestic journals and also are cited less as compared to their male counter parts.	4
This article presents a scientometric assessment of research potential and competitiveness of IISERs.	5
This indicates that on average, paradigm shift pivots can be detected by FV gradient within 1.44 years after its first citation.	4
In the remainder of this article, Section “Related work” provides background on related studies of scientific productivity.	0
The first part of the model uses quantile regression to estimate the effect of growth ratio on citation counts for publications with more than three citations.	3
Variables with a p < 0.2 were entered into the multivariate model, and a multivariate linear regression analysis was performed.	3
In most domains, except for arts & humanities, boundary crossing outputs are predominantly classified as the role of maintainer.	4
Against a widely held belief, we find that participation in research centers entails no disadvantages for researchers as far as their research performance is concerned.	4
We have selected 130 top-ranked journals from SCImago's comprehensive list of 1066 items, placing emphasis on journals related to central sectors of educational research.	2
What are the features of social tagging in the scholarly world as reflected in academic publications?	1
The aim of this case study is to contribute to the complex problem of analysing scientific trends.	1
A total of 26441 journals were included in the sample.	2
What weight does the research that RIS researchers participated in carry in relation to all Spanish research generated in this area of knowledge, and how has it evolved?	1
The current study reports on an initiative to use the SOuRCe in VA facilities to characterize the organizational research climates and pilot test the effectiveness of using SOuRCe data as a reporting and feedback intervention tool.	1
The team we observed is one of six in a university's department of optical physics; all six teams are doing research on the interaction of light with different matter.	2
A key policy question is whether these national giants should also be funded to reach out to work with institutions in emerging economies that certainly need knowledge, insight and financial resources to contribute to solutions to common global challenges.	5
For this reason, we use a second, size-dependent, measure accumulating the acknowledgment rather than averaging it (Sum of Acknowledgment as Guarantor):	3
First, we collected journals cited by all teachers (40 persons) of the discipline in their literatures published in a period of 2010–2015 using Web of Science database, and then counted the number of the journals, citations of each of the journals and the number of teachers using each of the journals, finally, ranked the cited journals in a decreasing order of the citation and the number of the teachers.	2
With the former database we investigate the comparative advantages of each academic discipline in terms of absolute output volume, and with the latter database we evaluate the scientific output published in prestigious resources.	2
There has been a notable and constant increase in the scholarly output of the Peruvian medical schools from 2015 to 2020.	5
The results of these studies suggest that the readability of textbook chapters written by Hartley has remained fairly stable for over 50 years, with the later chapters becoming easier to read.	4
Utilizing path analysis, this research aims to illuminate the impact of three critical variables, autonomy, resilience, and engagement, on the motivation and psychological well-being of 187 EFL students who participate in online instruction at language institutions in China.	1
Articles were identified as theoretical if the title or abstract contained the search term "model*", excluding some common empirical uses (as described in ref.	0
four major topological communities can be identified using standard community detection algorithms working on the topological structure of the weighted network [29]: computer science, geometry, analysis and physics.	3
Three dependent variables (APT, TS and Cited by Clin.) were chosen to measure the clinical translation intensity of papers.	3
School of Public Policy, Georgia Institute of Technology, 685 Cherry St.	0
The annual number of HBO2 publications was stationary.	5
These reveal that a change from publication-based to comparable citation-based rankings has the greatest impact.	4
With a well-defined query (shown below “query for retrieving research publications from web of science”), 673 publications in “Article” and “Proceedings paper" types during the period 2009–2017 were retrieved on February 1, 2018.	2
Finally, there is evidence that the number of university trustees connected to science-based corporations positively influences the amount of R&D funding a university receives.	4
Additionally, t tests were used to examine differences in men and women's responses to the 12 survey questions regarding program satisfaction, supports, and obstacles (with adjustments made for multiple comparisons).	3
Moreover, as the number of authors increases the average rate of IAU increases logarithmically.	4
These were determined using Web of Science (WoS) and Google Scholar (GS), and internet searching was used to determine their academic rank.	3
Data were drawn from seven data sources: (1) Scopus, (2) OCLC (classify.oclc.org); (3) WorldCat (worldcat.org); (4) Altmetric.com; (5) Open Syllabus Project (opensyllabus.org); (6) Google Books (books.google.com); and (7) Goodreads (goodreads.com):	2
The symbolic hierarchy of journals can be measured using a proxy like the well-known Journal Impact Factor (JIF), which happens to correlate well with the perceived prestige of journals.	3
However, there are also specific challenges tied to Swedish–Chinese collaborations, including a consistent lack of reciprocity in some areas, and the overall problem with gray areas.	5
An earlier version of this study was presented at the International Communication Association Conference, New York, 26–30 May 2005.	0
High correlation was observed between number of words and number of acknowledged funding organizations (0.5), individuals (0.6), universities (0.5) and miscellaneous entities (0.6).	4
Se extraen los términos suministrados por el campo Author Keywords (palabras clave suministradas por el autor); en total, 6.864 palabras clave, que dan lugar a un total de 15.806 ocurrencias.	2
Saaty (1980) developed AHP as a powerful tool for multi-criteria evaluation of finite discrete alternatives against multiple finite criteria.	3
The R4 parameter is defined as the ratio of the citations received by a paper in the most recent quarter to its total citations.	3
We focus our analysis on research projects funded through the biggest program administered by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC), the “Open Application Program” (mianshang xiangmu).	1
Taken together, these phenomena challenge the assumptions and suggest a possible transformation from the traditional flying geese paradigm, in which Japan is the “leading goose” in the regional hierarchical industrializing model in Asia.	5
This study examines a particular population of research scientists in Ghana (a developing country) to understand why they might fall prey to the ploys of predatory journals.	1
We find that authors affiliated with Harvard and MIT receive fewer citation counts when their articles are published at the QJE compared to other top five journals.	4
A program was written and added to the free Webometric Analyst software (accessible at https://github.com/MikeThelwall/Webometric_Analyst2) to automatically identify and extract names and URLs from all ICSs in either the "Details of the impact" or "Sources to corroborate the impact" sections.	3
The division does not follow academic seniority: While some CNIs are nontenured academics invited by former supervisors to the network, many are tenured and some have high positions in university hierarchies.	0
Principal Components by Country Group a) Africa; b) Asean; c) Asia; d) BRICS; e) Latin America (Abbrevistions in Materials and Methods).	0
Such algorithm, mainly based on manual classification of all Italian addresses of U&PROs and private organizations, allows us to assign a specific collaboration type to each publication, 721,812 in all for the 2010-2017 period, as shown in Table 2.	2
Following these exclusions, our sample consisted of 935 unique OMICS conferences.	2
The period of the study corresponds from January 2000 to December 2006, coinciding with the period of the global patent map.	2
In the end, two datasets with both 668 top-cited articles and all the 6680 articles in the field of EFF were selected.	2
estimated teacher value added to subsequent achievement of their students)?	1
A search was conducted on the website of the department (Health Care Policy 2020), and a list of core faculty of assistant professors, associate professors, and full professors was selected for the study.	2
This research examined one university faculty in depth in relation to research impact.	2
Remote Sensing and Sustainability were found to be the most relevant journals.	4
We compiled the contact information for all proceedings papers from PME-NA 2012 through 2014.	2
(d) most Chinese ECRs had good experience of peer review and they are in favor of double blind peer review;	4
The degree of collaboration in linguistics research was very low, with joint research projects making up only 0.37 percent of the articles.	4
The spatial distribution of Chinese scientists at different development stages tends to converge.	4
The ultimate goal of the article is to propose a more transformed and democratic approach to research and publishing, for the sake of ethics, justice and fairness.	1
Articles published between January 1980 and June 2020 were searched.	2
At UDA level, we have used a non-parametric test (Wilcoxon rank-sum test) because of the varying sizes of UDAs, and in few cases small sizes.	3
To demonstrate the usage of this new measure, we chose four research fields: environmental science, information science and library science, medical informatics, and religion.	2
This sublinear behavior suggests that the nations with the larger scientific production make more fundamental research and are thus at the boundary of knowledge—with only future applications and less possibility to induce immediate innovations through patenting activity.	4
Our findings identify “experiment” as a top keyword, which is in line with the previous literature [10] that recognizes the contribution of the Nobel laureate Vernon Smith [11].	4
In total, 16% of the Academia.edu articles were from journals published in Africa.	4
Bhaskar Mukherjee, Department of Library and Information Science, Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, 221005, India	0
A difference-in-differences-style identification strategy can therefore provide suggestive evidence of OA's effect on readership by comparing the various journals' monthly downloads before, during, and after the paywall failure.	3
This citation analysis also uncovers the influence of scholarly networks.	5
As noted by the orders of magnitude difference in the listed values, it is clear that choosing the critical variables for some social websites for evaluating their scientific nature is quite important due to their preference for social impact other than scientific purposes.	0
Quantitative measures have been obtained to evident that the RCNs at UAMS are moving towards favoring multidisciplinary research.	4
Faculty had the option of selecting multiple responses, and responses indicated that library article databases were the most popular source at 44%, followed by recommendations from their colleagues at 42% (Table 2).	4
Application of Level 1: research evaluation was done for the CMKSU from 2003 to 2013.	2
I calculated descriptive statistics for the distribution of journals according to these variables.	3
The present study applies a scientometric method with a comparative approach to study women's scientific productivity in the field of Nano S&T during 2005–2007.	3
The article that received the highest number of citations was “Mapping H5N1 highly pathogenic avian influenza risk in Southeast Asia”, with a total of 196 citations published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America in 2010.	4
Any geometric figure is called convex if it includes all line segments that join the points [54].	0
This paper reviews MakCHS faculty research publications over 15.5 years and outlines possible strategies to enhance faculty research outputs.	1
International medical school graduates (IMGs) represent 24.3% (535 of 2,199) of practicing PHO physicians and 23.7% (113 of 476) of PHO fellows in training.	4
To reveal the extent of agreement and disagreement between all metrics (citation counts, NCS, and P top 10%), we group the papers according to the Characteristics Scores and Scales (CSS) method, which is proposed by Gl?nzel and Schubert (1988).	3
Citation density which defined as citations per year after publication was calculated.	3
With the similarity between two references, DescriptiveBC estimates the similarity between two articles a1 and a2 by Eq.	3
However the aim of the current work is not to investigate further into the issues of if	0
It included 30 journals in Medical Laboratory Technology category, according to Journal Citation Reports (JCR), which is integrated with the WoS.	2
First, there is an impressive diversity of disciplines represented by these leading scholars.	5
How can we evaluate the results and social impacts?	1
The results of the study show an increase of the number of publications published by all types of French hospitals over recent years, and that all types of hospital publish scientific articles.	5
Results are mixed when examining knowledge diffusion within the same field.	4
The following Research Productivity Index (RPI) developed, helped in obtaining the composite productivity values of the respondents under study.	3
Recently, the Joint Research Centre (JRC) of the European Commission (EC) conducted a retrospective analysis to examine the major scientific advancements resulting from EU-funded research in these disease areas and their impact on society.	1
A state-space (SS) model was used to estimate trends in the number of women granted and panel members over time.	3
These clusters are called k-cores and k indicates the minimum degree of each vertex within the core” (p.	3
To explore the availability of the cited monographs in electronic format, we selected a random sample of the cited monographs for each year of sufficient size to yield a 95% confidence level and 5% confidence interval.	3
Our paper uses network analysis, citation context analysis, and retraction status visibility analysis to illustrate the potential for extended propagation of misinformation over a citation network, updating and extending a case study of the first 6 years of post-retraction citation (Fulton et al.	1
We found that while richer regions are the most intensive users of shadow libraries, poorer regions face structural limitations that prevent them from fully capitalizing on freely accessible knowledge.	4
As more publications on melanoma disease take place in non-dermatology/melanoma journals, the awareness of melanoma will probably extend to all researchers in addition to the specialists to melanoma.	5
The results indicate that, although the correlations between general and internal values are high, internal performance is low in comparison to general performance, and that they give rise to different performance rankings.	4
Additionally, we sought to determine the degree of development and the extent of implementation of the system for defining and regulating research misconduct in a typical scientific community in Croatia.	1
(c) Library holdings: The library holdings of each monograph were first collected using WorldCat.	2
We propose to measure the specialization of journals through three indicators with the same root: they all descend from the analysis of publication keywords.	3
Second, we propose the Q seashore walk model to further verify and explain our results.	3
This research has been made possible through funding from the Research Council of Norway (grant number 295817).	0
Research on the formation structure and characteristics of top-impact papers can serve as the basis for the construction of social media-based information communication pattern, and guide papers to gain high attention in both the Internet and academia.	1
All the pieces published in both mediums (JED and EPI) have been analysed irrespective of the type of work they represent - invited lectures, papers or posters in the case of the JED conferences and any kind of article in EPI.	2
Those for papers published between 2008 and 2013 (the REF 2014 assessment period) are denoted h2014 here.	2
Our dataset is made of 35,926 professors in the SDSs falling in the 9 Science UDAs, on staff in 64 universities.	2
Four statistical properties of author-selected keywords were considered: (i) Keyword growth (i.e., the relative increase or decrease in the presence statistics of an underlying keyword over a given period of time); (ii) Keyword diversity (i.e., the level of variety in a set of author-selected keywords); (iii) Number of keywords; and (iv) Percentage of new keywords.	1
However, thousands of the researchers also value supervision and contributing comments to the manuscript, whereas the NIH recommends discounting these activities when attributing authorship.	4
This is less than half of the 3.4 % monthly increase per month for the April 2011 to January 2012 period (see Harzing 2013 for details).	4
At the kth rank, the author has an effective share nFk = 1/ak of the paper and CFk = ck/ak share of the citations for that paper.	3
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/357224723	0
Acknowledgments This research has been supported by the Slovenian Research Agency (10-ECRP-044).	0
Research quality, as indicated by the 2013 impact factor, is on the rise and is comparable to many core journals in financial economics.	4
We find that CDM is cited over the years between its publication and 2013 in 260 articles, which are distributed over 18 subject areas, as shown in Table 1 (first and last columns).	4
Through the correlation analysis results, it is found that online time, publisher, journal, WoS category and index type are all correlated with the index time of EA articles, but the correlation coefficients are small, and only the correlation coefficients of journals and publishers are greater than 0.100.	5
The purpose of this study was to compare and correlate the 2015 bibliometric data for English-language occupational therapy journals from the Journal Citations Report (JCR), Web of Science, Scopus, and SCImago Journal Rank databases.	1
As listed in Table 2, we downloaded 12,356 open-access and full-text documents in xml format.	2
In co-authorship networks, there are 12825 nodes (authors) that are linked with 97618 edges.	4
This study aims to contribute to the international debate regarding gendered differences in funding allocations, by studying the potential impact of applicants' writing style.	1
RQ1: What are the main trends in research on sustainable tourism and tourism competitiveness?	1
After we have chosen a pair, we estimate the prior probabilities Pq(A), Pq(B) and Pq(C) for each question, across all the remaining students.	0
A search for retraction notices was performed in these two databases using the keywords “retracted”, “retraction” “withdrawal”, “withdrawn”, “removed" and "redress".	3
The bibliometric techniques used in this study encompass two primary components: the performance analysis of articles and the visualization of schemes and maps that highlight the interconnections among various factors and scientific contributors (Noyons et al., 1999).	3
The definition of research quality as a collective frame of a scientific community is thus both anchored in social theory and supported by the few theoretical considerations proposed in the context of recent empirical research on research quality.	4
Turner and an anonymous referee for very helpful comments at various stages of this research, Ms.	0
To that end, 4166 articles from 76 Twitter users and 124 from non-Twitter users were analysed.	2
The data were analyzed using standard statistical techniques using Stata SE 13.1 for Windows (Stata Corp, College Station, Texas).	3
The same process was repeated to obtain analogous quantities as of 2006, and the actual h index of each individual in each of the years between 2002 and 2011 was also computed to serve as a criterion for assessing the accuracy of predictions based on Acuna et al.’s (2012) equations.	3
Without using preconceived categories, two researchers (AG, DBR) independently identified key themes in the data and then discussed the themes generated until consensus was achieved for themes and subthemes.	3
The document information included the extraction of titles, keywords, and abstracts, forming the corpus for the LDA model.	2
In both independent experiments, we find evidence of negativity bias, where evaluators lower their original scores of research proposals by more points when the other experts gave “lower scores,” compared with proposals where the other experts gave “higher scores" of comparative magnitude.	4
The question we are particularly interested in is as follows: 'is paid open access affordable for India?' And, even if it is affordable, should we go for it?	1
Diachronous distribution for articles published in same journals in 1990 and 2000 may allow trends to be found, so we obtained these.	2
Using a test case, 28 researchers from two faculties were identified as having common research interests with the potential to collaborate on a specific sustainability-related topic.	4
After an extensive search, all the retrieved articles were sorted according to the number of citations.	2
Journal impact factor (IF) is a measure that reflects the average citation numbers of a recent publication in a Journal.	0
Of the total set of articles published in journals, considering the entire history of publications recorded in all resumes registered in the Lattes Platform (6,985,179 publications), a percentage of 26.76% (1,869,585) was published in open access journals, taking into account the list of journals recovered from DOAJ.	4
We have, therefore, estimated robust clustered standard errors (Huber 1967; White 1980, 1982) which allow for intragroup correlation, relaxing the requirement that the doctoral students must be independent, i.e.	3
3) and differed between journals (χ3 = 258.9, p < .0001); moreover, the change in first author as corresponding author over time differed between journals (interaction: χ3 = ?19.3, p = .0002).	4
Collaboration is not only commonplace, but also likely essential for success, requiring academia-industry interaction and cooperation.	5
In this paper, we proposed an MTL method based on a deep learning framework to improve the performance of automated transdisciplinary citation (CA and CS) analysis tasks.	5
To complete this analysis, we defined junior and senior cohorts based on the year that respondents received their Ph.D.	3
The exception is Econometrica, where do not find a significant effect.	5
To interpret the resulting models, we use several explanation algorithms: random forest feature importance, LIME, and Shapley values.	3
We geolocalized 96.97% of papers at urban area level with an accuracy of 98.5%.	2
The dual-map design enables an explicit, intuitive, and easy-to-interpret representation of citations made by a wide variety of publications portfolios.	5
The mean number of authorships per paper in this group was 2.72; which means the majority of the papers are coauthored with two or three authors.	4
Based on the H-index most influential authors are Schemitsch EH and Bhandari M.	4
The results show that the correlation between the CA and ABC matrixes is the strongest, followed by the AC and ADC matrixes, and the AC and ABC matrixes.	4
We explored how the knowledge translation and innovation processes are structured when theyresult in innovations, as in the case of liposomal doxorubicin research.	1
Our findings indicate that the standard of evidence published in journals offering OA is no different to that of subscription-only publications.	5
And the analysis of co-occurrence keywords was handled by VOSviewer software.	3
To estimate this similarity, I employ the most widely used similarity estimation algorithm for the biomedical sciences: the PubMed related articles (pmra) algorithm, developed by Lin and Wilbur (2007).	3
We also conducted a multidisciplinary analysis, for which we used authors publishing in November or December 2011 in Science or Nature, in sequential order using the same constraints as we described above until we had a total of 140 males and 140 females.	2
Data were collected on career and 10-year h-index and also adjusted for self-citation.	3
We explored the topical trends of the International Textile and Apparel Association professionals' Design Abstract Proceedings (DAP) and how apparel design scholarship has been cited in the discipline for the past two decades.	1
OR and OI are two types of OPR employed and encoded in this study.	2
The responses were compared to their actual behavior by tracking their publication metrics from the previous 6 years (2013–2018) in SciVal.	2
We searched names of all supervisor(s) in the in-house database in of one of the most comprehensive and widely used publisher-independent global citation database, Web of Science (WoS), at the Centre for Science and Technology Studies using a validated algorithm.	3
“Results” section analyzes the results of the work and section "Conclusions” summarizes the main findings and conclusions of the article.	0
Data for econometrics (statistics) journals downloaded from ISI on April 28, 2010 (May 19, 2010) for all citations for 1988–2010.	0
On the other hand, it is also observed that domestic citations from authors' countries increase faster than foreign citations and the effect is more pronounced over a longer period of time, which suggests that home country effect plays an important role in accumulating citations through the increased visibility in the domestic research community.	4
The data we use in the second step of our study, where we analyze the drivers of international connections (co-authorship relations) and structural embeddedness in the scientific network, such as the information about investment in R&D or in education, stem from the “Science, Technology and Innovation" database by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) Institute for Statistics.	2
A consistently high infant mortality rate (IMR) is observed in the earlier years, where about 50% authors exit after their first year of publication.	4
Natalie Lock for their assistance during final editing of the manuscript.	0
To explore the possible research fronts and emerging trends of technology foresight, through integrating co-occurrence of keywords and burst terms detection into an improved technique of co-word analysis based on the relevant literature in Web of Science is proposed.	1
RQ1: When papers of a research field or journal are ranked accordingly to the common citation-based metrics, what are the main differences, in terms of period representativeness, in the obtained samples?	1
Overall, we find that the increased importance of the impact agenda leads to an increase in QR income inequality among HEIs, where the QR funding is likely to end up in the hands of HEIs that are relatively larger and generate more external research income.	5
Therefore, the small-world complex network topology was not observed consistently in any of the major knowledge areas during the last two decades.	5
The third step involves the egocentric analysis of individual disciplines' citation flow diversity measured by Shannon entropy.	3
Part-of-speech (PoS) tagging is performed to tag each word in a text into its corresponding PoS.	3
Our results ultimately show that direct monetary incentives for articles may support productivity but they cannot guarantee impact.	5
Overall 2-year IF is higher than 5-year IF in about 31.5% journals in both OA and subscription journals.	4
Our research questions include: What types of authors and publications are libraries supporting with OA funds?	1
We find that the size of the submission, which is a proxy of the level of collaboration, infrastructure, and facilities, and the total research income generated per FTE staff submitted played the most significant role in explaining the assessed quality within each UoA.	4
The social network programme UCINET (Borgatti, Everett & Freeman, 2002) was used to construct the indicator, which divides the network into two groups by means of a process of iteration.	3
The data used in this analysis were collected from the Web of Science (WoS) database and specifically from the arts and humanities citation, conference proceedings citation, emerging sources citation, social sciences citation and science citation index-expanded indices.	2
Department of Computer Science, The University of Auckland, 38 Princes St, Auckland, New Zealand	0
In view of the regular changes in the citation numbers with time, the search findings on a single day (September 15, 2021) were used for the analysis in this study.	0
In summary, there is a high propensity among professors as well as PhD holders to present themselves on professional networking sites.	4
Notably, the paper-to-patent citations appeared in method sections indicated that patents could also serve as supporting materials for developing research methods.	5
Two authors read the full texts of these 127 records and tabulated how h-index was calculated if documented.	3
The 250 largest consortia were for nuclear physics and astronomy, involving expensive equipment, and for predominantly health-related issues in genomics, medicine, public health, microbiology and neuropsychology.	4
We established the Scientific Publications Team (SPT), an in-house editing team in Asan Medical Center in Seoul, Korea.	3
For that purpose, the statistical programme HistCite (version 2010.12.6; HistCite Software LLC, New York), Pajeck (version 3.14, 2013.11.12; Batagelj and Mvar, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia), BibExcel (version 2011.02.03; Olle Persson, Ume?	3
This article introduces a new approach based on the reciprocal direct influence of all pairs of a list of journals.	1
We selected the following five journals as our initial journal collection: “Information Processing & Management" (5-year impact factor: 3.295); “JASIS/JASIST” (3.101); "Journal of Documentation" (1.601); “Journal of Information Science" (2.155); and "Scientometrics" (2.71).	2
We also track the center of mass of AI research by weighing each city's geographic location by its impact, productivity, and AI workforce.	3
metaknowledge includes methods for producing datasets for Standard and Multi Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy (RPYS).	3
Academic productivity also was assessed through the h-index score, which incorporates aspects of both quantity and quality of scientific work across an extended time frame and is defined as “a scientist has index h if h of his/her Np papers have at least h citations each, and the other (Np – h) papers have no more than h citations each," where Np is the number of publications in N years.	3
The main research questions of this study were: 1.	1
We included all dermatology-related publications conducted in, and published from KSA, including international collaborative studies, with a primary author affiliated with a Saudi institution, and the study sample consisting of Saudi nationals or residents.	2
The visibility, increased the citation and chronologically H-index of both researchers.	4
Women invited to review were less likely to respond to review invitations, but more likely to accept if they responded.	4
Therefore, the third dataset of retrieving experiment is selected as the dataset of bibliometric analysis, in which 270 articles are written in English, 3 articles are written in Polish and 1 article is written in Portuguese.	2
From the total number of citations, annual citation averages (ACA) were calculated, i.e.	3
In Figure 6, we use a word cloud to illustrate commonly discussed topics.	3
To determine the application and suitability of evaluation procedures and criteria/indicators, a survey with the aforementioned stakeholders was conducted.	2
The incorporation of temporal analysis can be employed to assess the change over time in TRS as new projects are funded and the extent to which new research reflects the funding priorities of the FDA.	5
In this paper, the scientific publication performance of researchers that defended their doctoral theses in the years from 2007 to 2016 are analyzed, using their publication records from 2 years prior to 2 years after the Ph.D.	2
Additionally, our findings suggest that policy should take more interest in how research, impact and education work together.	5
The editors are only human and their decisions can be influenced by various factors.	0
Using a dataset of 2.2 million Al papers, we study inter-city citations, collaborations, and talent migrations to uncover dependencies between Eastern and Western cities worldwide.	1
Some journals are assigned to more than one subfield, causing multiple counts.	0
Microsoft-Office Excel software (evaluative analysis measures) and the bibliometric analysis software VOSviewer for the application of relational measures or scientific mapping were used for the analysis [39–44].	3
The name of the faculty of 1000 (F1000) service postmerging is F1000Prime.	0
Subsequently, we conducted an experiment by using the fields of Library and Information Science (LIS) and Computer Science (CS) as examples to statistically analyse domain differences in the arrangement of Highlights sections.	1
The SEM approach to test the fit of the EOB to a given dataset (Forthmann et al.	3
This paper presents a bibliometric study of scientific output on learning to rank (L2R) between 2000 and 2013.	1
Given the scarcity of studies in this field, the objective of this study is to fill the research gap by examining the patterns in retracted publications in technology-related fields, assess their bibliographic characteristics, and investigate the reasons behind article retractions specifically in developing nations.	1
This study also demonstrates the potential risks that exploration strategies entail as scientists build ties and communities to produce high quality products.	5
For the same reason, the mutual collaboration strength is defined as MAB = MBA = SAB + SBA	3
Overall, we find that women's measured productivity increased relative to men's when leaves of absence are controlled for, and when the indicators include a wider range of publications (more than just journal articles), fractionalize for co-authorship, and do not add a bonus for publication in high-ranking journals.	4
This finding supports and augments Saracevic's (1999) notion of LIS as a technologically driven discipline.	5
We apply the new Cv indicator to analyze the dataset consisting of the WoS Italian Citation Report, extracted from the 2004-2012 WoS Core Collection by imposing the word "Italy” in searching the authors' affiliations.	2
Better-scoring applications on average produced a higher TRC level (Figure 3), yielding a linear fit with a slope of -2.04±0.54 (p=0.001) and with a moderate coefficient of determination of R2 = 0.44 (p=0.001).	4
As the basis of the statistical model we chose the logistic regression function (rendered linear through the logit function), which is particularly suited for modeling dichotomous dependent variables.	3
The goal is to find a set of scholars E' E in this network who cover the required skills T = {si,, sj} and form a successful collaboration.	1
A multilevel analysis using a hierarchical linear model with regression analysis was applied to the data with several nested levels.	3
This indicator corresponds to the relative number of citations to publications from a specific unit (i.e.	3
The study extends the conversation on the effect that co-authorship has on the citation impact of papers by analyzing the short-term advantage of co-authored papers.	1
Rodriguez, MS,d Herbert Van de Sompel, PhD,d and Johan Bollen, PhDd	0
This result suggests using citing papers only in the first or a few years for assessing originality, especially considering the computational cost for large citing sets.	4
The results of the evaluation indicate that PLOS ONE should be assessed from numerous perspectives because there are a variety of indicators beyond the impact factor that can be made use of in order to evaluate exhaustively the standing of the journal as well as its prestige and impact.	5
Received 16 April 2020; Received in revised form 20 July 2021; Accepted 1 September 2021	0
Future research will go into the multiple DOI assignment issue in more detail, investigating the practical reasons behind this error and providing a more accurate estimation of the error rate, for both Scopus and WoS.	5
First, we develop a model to predict authors' future h-indices based on their current scientific impact.	3
The journal-to-journal citation data were aggregated to the discipline level using Elsevier's journal classification schema named All Science Classification Codes (ASJC).	2
The first author of this paper conducted thirteen of such interviews with forest policy researchers involved in the IFPM3 (many of whom participated in the IFPM4 as well).	2
Furthermore, six of these core thematic areas were identified as classical thematic areas, because they were present in all the time periods analyzed: children, social services, health care, women, social workers, and education.	5
Significantly different from 0 in a two-tailed test at *10%, **5%, ***1%.	0
The 45 universities analyzed are those listed in Tables 1 and 2 (12 from US-Canada, 5 from Europe, 3 from Latin America and 25 from Brazil).	0
Institutional publication lists can be surprisingly deficient, and should probably be avoided.	0
A ranking of all institutions is available from the authors upon request.	0
Instead, it is shaped by three institutional drivers: pharmaceutical industry priorities, publishing and public research funding pressures, and the mandates of science-based policy or public health organizations.	4
Furthermore, funded papers show lower novelty than the unfunded, but funding does have a significant moderating effect on the relationship between collaboration and novelty.	4
Considering the various constrains (both in terms of PACS and authors disambiguation availability that from Ref.	2
Received 25 February 2019; Received in revised form 30 March 2019; Accepted 1 April 2019	0
The disciplines analytical, inorganic & nuclear chemistry (analytical chemistry in short) and organic & medicinal chemistry (organic chemistry in short) were selected to represent the major field and compare the differences between each other.	2
From the view of themes, research on OA in China can be divided into two parts: basic research (theme 1, 2, 3, 5, 6) and application research (theme 4, 7).	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, ????):-, 2013	0
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s12247-015-9214-9) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
The proposed peer review approach utilizes not only the information provided by the average peer review score, but also the variation in judges’ opinion.	1
This study demonstrates that librarians managing communication studies collections must also focus their attention on resources outside, but related to, their specific disciplines.	5
Because online data about the WoS and SSCI Master Journal List is available since 1997, we are able to cover a period of over two decades.	2
Many ‘unknown unknowns’ remain concerning the potential impacts of retracted publications on evidence synthesis and the best approaches to mitigate such impact.	5
MAATrica metric is based on the information extracted from the research article relating to the established knowledge domains: SI, VT and VV methodologies.	3
Then, based on the number of “awardees in common” or named “co-awardees” between every pair of these 90 awards, a network of co-awardees was built.	3
A search was conducted with the phrase ‘India’ in the address field and restricted to articles only.	2
Second, a Spearman's correlation is calculated to assess the relationship between research performance, the public outreach activities, and the other relevant variables.	3
This search produced a listing of all article PubMed identification numbers meeting the inclusion and exclusion criteria, which were then used to analyze the citation number using the iCite tool from the National Institutes of Health (Bethesda, MD).	3
Promote actions to associate quality assessment with more representative scientometric metrics in academic decisions.	3
Using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient, we determined the strength and direction of the linear relationship between the impact factor of the journal and the number of top 100 cited articles included in the list.	3
Publication data were collected from DiVA, a Swedish repository for research publications, and InCites, a citation-based research evaluation tool that utilizes bibliographic data from the citation indices accessible through Web of Science.	2
From 2006 to 2011, the 46 institutions supported 1,166 KL2 positions.	4
The fitted power law of the cumulative distributions of hindex and gindex.	0
In March 2016 we uploaded 71,443 eBooks ISBNs numbers from the Levy Library Ebrary collection to PLUMx Metrics Dashboard to which the Levy Library is subscribed.	2
We use a logistic regression function to link the hazard rate with time and the explanatory covariates:	3
Procurement of OREF resident grants is associated with pursuit of an academic career.	5
Collaborations of authors aggregated at the level of the countries were also analysed with respect to the SARS, MERS and Covid-19 literatures.	3
In terms of citation behavior, results show that the COVID-19 cases are highly correlated with the SARS pandemic.	5
Keywords of articles and affiliations of the authors were two determinants that defined the identity of each research community.	4
For doing so, four general lists are presented: the 50 most cited papers in business & economics of all time, the 40 most influential journals, the 40 most relevant institutions and the most influential countries.	3
We are grateful to editors and anonymous reviewers for their helpful and valuable comments on our work.	0
The h-index of LAS is twenty-five for the covered period.	4
Indian Institute of Technology Delhi has the most consistent position in QS ICT field.	4
Our findings indicate that there is a positive correlation between the inter- disciplinarity of scientific publications and the attention they receive from policy documents in almost all fields.	4
This does not mean that the current NIH review system would necessarily outperform other allocation mechanisms that do not rely on expert peer evaluations.	5
prestige, as measured by the reputation or prominence of citing journals and books,	3
We start by drawing a list of 251 medical indications from BioPharmInsight.	2
Our study examines the effect of the citation time window on the relationship between interdisciplinarity and scientific impact.	1
Furthermore, co-words and cluster analysis were used in combination to identify the popular topics.	3
2) What is the strength of the correlation between the h-index derived from WoS and GS for a given individual (Secondary Objective)	1
Our analysis reveals that policy instruments used in the country's national research evaluation system, academic promotion procedures and competitive grants have increased the number of articles with an impact factor without compromising publication quality, as measured by a bibliometric indicator.	4
In this case, the analysis includes a list of all 15,257 keywords.	0
We employed a stratified random sample of articles published in 22 communication journals between 1970 and 2010 (N = 2,400).	2
We performed a cross-sectional analysis of all HN fellowship graduates from 2005 to 2017 identified from the American Head and Neck Society (AHNS) website.	3
experimental/observational, cross-sectional/longitudinal, measured/manipulated IV, etc.) with implications for the study's internal validity, (ii) their sampling and recruitment strategy (including sample sizes as well as demographic heterogeneity of the samples) with implications for the study's external validity, and (iii) their adoption of contemporary standards of openness and transparency (including pre-registered hypotheses and analysis plans, open data, open material, open code, etc.), which is relevant in order to assess a study's reproducibility.	1
A detailed interview schedule was compiled and sent to interviewees ahead of the interview.	3
Quite the contrary, it has been found a growth acceleration after the year 2000, with a median that reaches 25 references per paper at present.	4
Four regions (Campania, Emilia Romagna, Lazio, and Lombardy) show values of SSI that are below 80: these are large, heavily populated regions with high concentrations of universities and public research institutions, thus responsible for a wide range of research activities.	4
In the case of the shifted Lotka function (25) we also have that s(x) = h if and only of x = h.	4
Q3 Are these features similar in different groups (e.g., graphs, areas of knowledge) and levels of training?	1
We analyzed the bibliographic coupling network using the community detection algorithm of Blondel et al. (12) at the standard resolution of 1.0.	3
The proposed four hypotheses are mostly supported with high statistical significance.	5
Therefore, this paper explored the hot topics and new trends of through the statistics of the journal between 2009 and 2019 from the perspective of scientometric based on the keyword, "water".	1
RQ7 How do the main characteristics, economic models, and peer-review procedures differ for individual fields and types of publishers?	1
Q2: Are articles coauthored by only LIS academic researchers cited more frequently than those authored by LIS academics and LIS practitioners or by only LIS practitioners?	1
Male gender was associated with an increase in weighted RCR scores.	4
Fifthly, in terms of the roles of collaborators, those from outside Africa were found to have played instrumental roles in providing resources (49%) and securing research funds (55%) for the research activities that underlie the internationally co-authored articles.	5
The distribution of citing journals according to the number of references that contributed to the 2-year JIF divided by the number of references that contributed to the 5-year JIF (Fig.	5
Ocholla (2008) has observed that collaboration of LIS schools is weak and largely informal.	5
We group city-to-city links along two dimensions (see the summary statistics in Table 1): the 80th percentile is used to partition by number of collaborations and fraction of highly cited papers.	3
Screening of 17 international journals in PubMed was performed for the time periods 2006–2007 and 2016–2017, for papers published by a first author belonging to a general surgical department.	2
The question why a specialism is urban or rural in the first place is a crucial one that we cannot answer in the present analysis.	0
This article thus offers a first step toward reformulating the existing quantifiers available in scientometrics to leverage different citation patterns and formulate robust measures.	5
As in most other aspects of history, more important than dates and figures are the personalities who form the development of an institution.	0
We also estimate quasi-maximum likelihood Poisson (QML Poisson) count models, since publications and citations are non-negative counts and over-dispersed which prevents the use of standard Poisson models where it is assumed that the mean and variance of the variable distribution are equal.	3
In particular, we define the exploration share (ES) of author i at stage l or her career as: ESli = ?α xliα(1 ?	3
As can be seen from Table 3, national policies are the primary external driving force for the evolution of research topics.	5
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
Investigating the mentions on the social platforms using the Quadruple Helix categories unveiled that the innovation and knowledge spaces had the most mentions of the research articles of the Asian countries.	5
Among the countries, Canada had the greatest contribution to the field with 3018 publications and a high betweenness centrality (0.11), followed by the United States (2567).	4
Within its first three years of release, the online dictionary received nearly 12,000 hits and was downloaded almost 4000 times, which is over 300 visits and 100 downloads per month on average.	4
This demonstrates that differences in growth rates can be explained and comprehended.	0
1 Department of Library and Information Science, University of Delhi, Delhi 110007, India	0
3 We were concerned that the new journal classification system would generate some categories that would be so small as to be insignificant.	0
Roche, Sanofi and Novartis contributed 56% of the retrieved preprints.	4
1 University of Public Service, 2 Ludovika Square, 1083 Budapest, Hungary	0
We cross-linked these data with the data from another project (Ioannidis et al., 2019) where we have generated for all authors with at least 5 full articles information on 6 citation indicators (total citations, h-index, co-authorship-adjusted hm index, citations to single authored items, citations to single or first authored items, citations to single/fist/last authored items) and a composite citation indicator combining these 6 indicators (Ioannidis et al., 2016).	3
Our data is from Microsoft Academic, PubMed, and CrossRef, which are databases comprised of papers involving various disciplines and fields such as Biology, Computer Science, Engineering, Medicine, Economics, Physics, and Psychology.	2
This resulted in the inclusion of 128 total faculty-level OREF grant awards to 123 different individuals.	2
To statistically compare the attention between retracted and control papers while controlling for fundamental factors that could affect the amount of attention a paper receives, we performed negative binomial regression to examine the association between retraction and attention.	3
2 Association between editors' H-index (x-axis) and the journals' H-index (y-axis) in African studies	0
It contains 18,041 papers published in 273 different venues (including both conferences and journals) and authored by 14,386 researchers.	2
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
This study was exploratory in nature and, as such, does not quantify rates of peer-review fraud—only rates of duplication which, while unusual, is not necessarily a sign of misconduct.	0
Pennsylvania) has the highest total distributed articles by a wide margin over the next highest department at U.	4
Percentage error is calculated between the CAGR by authors and actual CAGR.	3
The search was carried out between November 2016 and January 2017 and finds all the documents in the journal since 2003.	2
On the whole, blogspace is thereby appraised as a socio-technical system where content distribution is affected by content and structure, while structure is affected by content and structure as well.	5
To help the flyers stand out, we used templates provided by ORCID, including their bright green logo and design elements (ORCID Outreach Resources, n.d.-b).	2
The authors aimed to explore decision-making around journal choice.	1
The two players in the game are the authors and the editor.	3
However, the good news on the webpage is followed by a more ominous, “...	2
Full details of the methodology may be found in Duque et al.	0
The analyses were done only on the data points that were assigned a gender, using chi-squared tests and binomial GLMs with P-values based on Type II sums of squares.	3
First, the most important academic web resources in the area of information retrieval have been harvested with a relatively small data set.	5
The diff-in-diffs specification is as follows: Citesi,t = bo+b?Treat?	3
The initial search yielded 38 648 results from 29 databases (Figure 1).	2
In the second step, to obtain an overall normalized indicator of OA for PubPeer, we computed a weighted average by considering the number of publications per discipline.	3
To calculate convergence of science and technology, we adopts a measurement, namely Convergence Ratio, which was suggested by (Trajtenberg, Henderson, & Jaffe, 1997) and applied recently by (Lee, Park, & Kang, 2018).	3
The Nobel Committees did not name any relevant publications as official justification.	0
Our analysis covered the 2012 edition of each national and global ranking in our sample.	2
The H-Classics method [34] is based on the well-known h-index [35].	3
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
In the above-mentioned equation, Y1 and Y2 are the 2 years before Y.	0
Only 13.5% of the articles (n = 18) were published in journals with high visibility (Q1).	4
The results show that the bibliographic coupling portrays different patterns of participation by the authors, especially in relation to the first author, which are not evaluated by other mechanisms and metrics, such as productivity and citations.	5
Hereinafter, the term "research paper" will be used to refer to both types of documents.	0
Information was collected in a standardized, piloted data form used by a single trained data extractor.	3
We then randomly selected 100 articles from each of these years for inclusion in the dataset.	2
But is it also applicable and useful in discovery research, which develops theories and hypotheses, measurement techniques, and generates evidence that justifies further research?	1
The main countries publishing bibliometric manuscripts are China, USA and Spain.	4
A dataset of anatomy papers was created from previous research assessing the publication rates of anatomy abstracts presented at the BACA biannual national conference meetings (2000-2014) and annual meetings of the AACA (2003-2010) (Furness et al., 2017a; Furness et al., 2017b).	2
Singapore Medical Journal published most of these papers, and the three most productive institutions were Universiti Brunei Darussalam, RIPAS Hospital, and Universiti Teknologi Brunei.	4
A collaboration network was analyzed as a group of 2 or more authors publishing at least 2 papers together or in scientific collaboration with other authors or groups.	3
The contradiction of the two properties can be proved by Example 2.	4
This study leverages a weighted algorithm using objective measurements that has been linked to academic achievement to attempt to provide a comprehensive assessment of scholarly accomplishment for orthopaedic surgery academic centers.	1
In general, the lower average number of pages and lower average number of references suggest that less information content is offered to the reader.	5
Medical service price level in the highest-price region was found to be 74% higher than the lowest.	4
Partial correlations were computed using Spearman rank correlations.	3
Other countries that stand out in the journal, are India and Morocco, and to a lesser extent, emerging countries such as Colombia, Bolivia, Iran among several others.	4
Consequentially, as a case study, I carried out an analysis of quotations to a sample of psychiatric original articles published in 5 general psychiatry German-language journals, aiming primarily at the importance and accuracy of quotations.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 64(2):405-415, 2013	0
We divided the altmetrics data sources in terms of the four Quadruple Helix spaces—innovation, knowledge, consensus, and government (Park 2014a, b; Ranga and Etzkowitz 2013).	3
The anomalous behavior of the i = 2 case in MRA can likely be traced back to the (time) distribution of the publications.	4
We wish to thank the anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments.	0
L. Egghe of the LUC of Belgium who has been kind enough to read the manuscript and has helped us to correct some errors in English and mathematical notations.	0
For economics, education, and information SLS, the Singh-Maddala model is preferred to both the two-exponent model and the Dagum model.	4
We can see that the proposed method, WCCMR, constantly outperforms all the other methods when either P@K or NDCG@K is used.	4
Thus, scientific impact takes into consideration the quality of the citing papers.	5
Compared with major research business schools, US elites publish more in analytical journals, and correspondingly less in managerial journals.	4
Particularly, we identify publication venues with high H-indices and low P-scores, as well as venues with low H-indices and high P-scores.	4
Searches were carried out in Web of Science and Scopus databases, without temporal delimitation, for articles published in Portuguese, Spanish and English, with free access.	2
This paper divides paper quality into two parts: the total number of papers and citations per paper of an institution.	1
I hope this article has highlighted how a particular research record is instead constantly in-the-making through the repair work of the Committee.	5
Highest numbers of publications were from Physical Sciences (28.52%), followed by Chemical Sciences (27.7%), Biological Sciences (19.04%), Materials Science (13.06%), Environmental Sciences (7.08%) and Engineering & Technology (4.6%).	4
We are optimistic about the utility of exploring nontraditional metrics.	5
In the present work, nuclear physics fractional and total authorships have been investigated using nuclear data mining techniques.	1
This paper analyses the interrelationship between perceived journal reputation and its relevance for academics' work.	1
The valid regulations of the medical faculties in Germany as of 16 July 2021 were included.	2
Notably, our investigation indicates that journal editors cannot fully account for the prolonged peer review delays for interdisciplinary research.	4
The following quality indicators were utilized: (i) whether the journal was listed on a blacklist or whitelist, (ii) whether the journal or its publisher was a member of a publishing organization, (iii) evaluation of details on the journal's website, (iv) indexation of the journal, and (v) use of journal metrics.	3
Data for bibliometric analysis concerning the NLP-enhanced clinical trial research were drawn from the WoS, PubMed, and Scopus databases.	2
Consequently, the aim of this study was to analyse articles and reviews related to impact factors from 1997 to 2022 in the Injury-International Journal of the Care of the Injured and to identify highly cited papers and authors, as well as the journal impact factor contributing papers and contributors.	1
These studies concentrated on the structure and evolution of science without considering other factors	0
The following search strategy was applied in the WOSCC database: Topic = *eclamp*; Document type = Articles OR Reviews, varied according to the research requirement; Language = English; Timespan = from 2000 to 2020, varied according to the requirement.	2
The technology linkage of new drugs was relatively stable while the science linkage of technology inventions increased rapidly.	4
After removing four blank responses, there were 1122 responses to the poll.	2
Overall, the baseline sample is comprised of approximately 4.3 million papers.	2
Therefore, our main goal in this paper is to monitor the trends in the Brazilian journals from 2013 to 2019 using scientometric tools.	1
Distribution and characteristics of Malaysian domestic papers by decadal study periods.	0
This indicates the importance for institutions to create local metrics to rely on for predicting journal value.	5
See Table 3 for a comparison to citations at 12 months.	0
They pinpointed coupling between the spins of the current carriers and the hydrogen nuclei in the hydrocarbon-based material making up the device.	4
The 46% contribution ratio is much higher than Jacob Nielsen's 90-9-1 rule (Nielsen, 2006), which states that, in most online systems, only 10% people ever make contributions, and 90% are “lurkers” who never contribute.	4
The most commonly used by the 348 responders were ResearchGate (n=105, 64%), LinkedIn (n=91, 55%), Google Scholar (n=88, 54%), and Academia.edu (n=40, 24%).	4
The USA was the country that most contributed to the literature with 461 (18.1%) articles.	4
Therefore, data such as corporate annual reports and financial reports of listed companies in this paper are organized in the WIND database, control variables are mainly collected from CSMAR, and digital patent data comes from the China Research Data Service Platform (CNRDS).	2
They were recruited using a purposive sampling strategy that explored 3 European projects creating data-sharing platforms (euCanSHare [a European Union-Canada joint infrastructure for next-generation multistudy heart research], Common Infrastructure for National Cohorts in Europe, Canada, and Africa, and EUCAN-Connect).	2
Table 5 shows that the first choice of the consensus ranking is major revision with a MLR score of 2.	4
Citations from items designated in SSCI as reviews but in the journal as articles were added for analysis.	0
Sami Ben Jabeur: Writing - review & editing, Writing - original draft, Software, Resources, Methodology, Investigation, Formal analysis, Data curation, Conceptualization.	0
Through cluster analysis on these variables, we identify clusters of the 44 LIS schools.	3
Therefore, in the context of journal peer review, manuscript submitters’ rights can be defined as a set of shared principles that define proper conduct toward individuals whose work has been submitted to a peer-reviewed journal, as well as a set of structures and norms which define the limits of what must be done or may not be done, during the peer-review process.	3
From the results of our analysis, suggestions are provided to reduce resistance to real discoveries, which will benefit the development of science.	5
The analysis results indicate that six science systems, in alphabetic order, Egypt, Iran, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan and Turkey, consistently differentiated themselves from others in area-based publication analyses and overall trends, Turkey and Iran being the outliers in the group.	4
We used the VOSviewer software (freely available at http://www.vosviewer.com) to visualise our term maps.	3
The main contribution of this paper is to provide reliable information about L2R behaviour and trends, and more specifically, the most explored descriptors, the countries with the greatest scientific output, the areas of knowledge where L2R is applied, validated scientific sources that store the most relevant information, relationships between authors, etc.	1
Generally speaking, the categorization of arguments for counting methods can provide new perspectives on what publication and citation indicators measure and how they are understood by considering the (lack of) consensus between the arguments assigned to a category and counting methods supported in the arguments in the category.	5
In this study, we develop an approach to discover a community structure called ‘‘Topical Scientific Community (TSC)’’ which considers both social connection (i.e., scientific collaboration in this study) and topical similarity.	1
The bibliometric data for the analysis are extracted from the Italian Observatory of Public Research (ORP), a database developed and maintained by the authors and derived under license from Thomson Reuters WoS.	2
The citation impact of interview and focus group research mostly decreased over time, whereas of case study citation impact increased, and ethnography was above average in its two core subject areas.	4
to assess the visibility of Indian research institutions on the web;	1
This paper studies the time delay between scientific research and technology patents, and focuses on the key components of time in the promotion of knowledge transformation.	1
Although transformations of the data were used for statistical analysis, results are presented in the original units of measurements.	0
Another important part of the author analysis is the cited authors’ co-citation analysis, which is introduced by Small (1973).	3
Collaboration is typically measured as co-authorship of an indexed publication and analyzed with social network analysis methods.	3
Spearman's rank correlation coefficient (Spearman's rho) was calculated using Microsoft Excel 2010 (Microsoft, Redmont, USA).	3
Tabela 1 Distribui??o dos artigos publicados nas revistas de maior fator de impacto e melhor classifica??o Qualis.	0
We also thank Ragnhild Holte-Boe for help in the collecting and sorting of data from the tenured scientific personnel.	0
We also collected data on the number of grants received each year and the size of these grants.	2
it abstractly quantifies the academic influences of papers by geometric zones, expresses aging of papers by decreasing the sizes of influences with the growth of time, and then interprets the power-law tails of in-degree distributions of citation networks by the inhomogeneous influences of papers.	5
Funding: This research was funded by the European Union within the framework of the EU’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation program, Grant number 769220, project PARE.	0
This project grew out of a suggestion made by Dean Peterson, formerly of the Royal Society of New Zealand.	0
Institution-specific knowledge coupled to expert PubMed search skills are essential to optimizing the accuracy of VIVO.	5
The enablers had similarities to what we found from the PMI research.	4
We used reviews of substantial bodies of research to choose realistic values for N, the size of the pool of results from which to choose, the variability of effect sizes that might reasonably be encountered in research across a wide range of domains, and the prevalence of HARKing.	2
Although by now there are quite many different methods on the market, in this paper the focus will be on author co-citation analysis (ACA), as it represents a long established standard method for mapping scientific in-groups.	3
Finally, we have included Complementary Material (available at http://hdl.handle.net/10481/22587) in order to enrich the analysis and provide the reader with further information.	0
This research identified four European typologies concerning sustainable practices, including the use of renewable energy (systems) and energy conservation practices, which differ in terms of their financial position, beliefs and behaviours in relation to the environment.	5
The data were entered, cleaned, and analyzed using the SPSS version 24 software package.	3
Table 2 also indicates that social sciences journals in SSCI differ from science journals in that they more likely operate at a quarterly publication frequency instead of a monthly frequency, with 1539 quarterly journals accounting for 45.38% of all SSCI journals.	4
The strongest bursting keyword is 'problem solving' with 19.86 strength, followed by 'mathematical models', and 'fuzzy sets', all the top three keywords with high strength were burst began in 2003, and ended in 2006 or 2007.	4
Funding and international research collaboration for the mental health and well-being of students need to be strengthened.	5
The secondary outcomes were the ratio of an adjusted IF (excluding the data for the copublished Cochrane review) and the actual IF of the copublishing journal.	3
Nearly 4 % of active nanotechnology publications refer to EHS terms, and this percentage grew from 2 % in the 1990s to nearly 7 % by 2010.	4
To address these questions, we extracted 3,500 papers published in Nature Communications in 2016 and 4,326 papers in 2017 and retrieved their three-year citations since publication in the Web of Science database.	2
We downloaded the citation histories and citing papers of the remained 126 SBs from All Databases of the WoS on 22 March 2018.	2
While Chinese leadership may be difficult for Westerners to accept, it can be viewed as China merely regaining its historical position of leadership in science and technology.	5
Journals publishing reviews, basic science, or large volume on broad range of topics rank at the top for JIF.	5
We then calculated the publication quality as the average Qs value among the published manuscripts.	3
Almost every interviewee emphasized the highly competitive nature of biomedical research (Harley, 2010), and the central importance of maintaining strong academic metrics.	4
Using a bibliometric analysis of 231 Harvard Business Review articles, we analyze the degree, direction, and type of intellectual influence of the publication.	1
We also contacted all the members of the Faculty of 1000 Ecology section (f1000.com/prime/thefaculty/ecol).	2
In this study, we empirically investigate the relationship between byline order and individual contributions of authors by comparing three general medical journals.	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
All searches were also limited to Articles, Letters, Notes and Reviews, based on international procedures for developing indicators13,15.	2
The findings of this study have practical implications for key stakeholders including the government, universities, publishers and editors.	5
We randomly selected 1,054 projects out of all 2,108 projects funded in 2007 by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC, http://www.nsfc.gov.cn).	2
In our article, we develop and sustain the proposition that an analysis of funders' views is imperative to understand the ways international research collaborations of unequally equipped participants are perceived, maintained, and sometimes reframed over time.	1
In many areas, it has no presence or very meagre participation.	4
Specifically, by building on the JD-R model and considering different levels of teaching demands, we show that correlates of research productivity vary by the type of school, categorized by teaching load, a key job demand.	5
The total variations of these graph signals, which measure the evolutionary amplitude, are the main predictors.	3
In the present study, we have extrapolated the methodology for representing science on the basis of co-citation maps to a different context.	5
Further, TCPY a ratio between total number of citations and number of years since date of publication to 2014 was also used.	3
We identified peer-reviewed articles in Ovid MEDLINE between July of each resident's match year and the end of their graduation.	2
Ultimately, we compiled information on the entire set of publications written by our 93 economists (7,784 papers in total) and 136,476 papers authored by 101,295 people that cited the former set of papers.	2
Practical implications – This paper can help management faculty and business school leaders understand what resources are most appropriate given the teaching demands associated with the specific institution, and by further helping these institutions attract and retain the best possible faculty.	5
Of which, 490 (83.4%) were included in the current analysis (Fig.	2
The most productive authors are Fereidoun Azizi and Mohamad Reza Zali.	4
*Within the rankings, programs located outside the United States were excluded.	0
RQ 2 Does the choice of indicator change the apparent strength of Spanish research relative to the U.K.?	1
Three different press releases were created by experts from three different research fields (biology, philosophy, and psychology).	2
Until the early 1930s, Tate tended to read all the manuscripts to evaluate whether to publish the paper or submit it for further refereeing.	4
Arnaoutov and Dasso identify IRBIT (IP3-receptor-binding protein released with inositol 1,4,5-trisphosphate) as an RNR-binding protein.	4
By contrast, Canada leads the ranking if we take into account the citation-to-publication ratio.	5
Through bibliometrics and Sankey diagrams, this study provided a detailed overview of the characteristics of both Spine and Spine j journals.	5
The analysis part involves the identification of the most important factors that likely cause the change in the observed parameters (i.e.	0
Section 3 argues that the functions of authorship are in tension, meaning that no single status can address all of these functions.	3
Both the proportion of articles coauthored by practitioners and researchers and the proportion coauthored by practitioners were much higher than those in computer science and management.	4
Among the title element variables, colon, controlling for the effects of other predictors in the regression models, had statistically significant and positive relationships with both usage count (b=0.17, z=3.36; Exp(b)=1.18, 95% CI [1.08, 1.31]) and citation (b=0.10, z=2.36; Exp(b)=1.11, 95% CI [1.02, 1.20]).	4
By applying these attributes to a data set of library and information science publications, this study aims to explore the dynamic research landscape of this field for the past 11 years (2001-2011).	1
The improvements in MAP is 15.2% (0.4757 vs.	4
The primary objective of the present paper is to demonstrate the landscape of academic articles in the field of EFF from 1996 to 2018 using bibliometric technique.	1
To solve these problems, we created a disambiguation dataset containing frequent funding organizations and universities and their abbreviations.	3
The data collection resulted in 1295 citations to 124 journals.	2
It can be observed that Saudi Arabia is highly dependent on collaborations for both productivity and citation.	4
As to explicitly specifying length constraints, we found the following incremental pattern of increase: 1989, 11 (11%) specified length; 1999, 12 (12%); 2009, 47 (47%).	4
Acknowledgements I would like to thank anonymous reviewers for their comments and suggestions.	0
In this study, we clearly distinguish researchers at different career stages utilizing publication tenure, that is, the number of years between their first and last publications, with specific selections of early-stage (i.e., ca = 3), mid-career (i.e., ca = 5), and senior researchers (i.e., ca = 10).	3
Bibliometric involves the quantitative analysis of the literature of a subject domain, as represented by Bibliographic entities, such as keywords, authors and citations (Willett, 2008).	3
The abstracts came from 2711 scientific journals and conference proceedings.	2
Research that provides information and insight into professional practice - especially activities related to the transformation of that practice should be heavily in demand, because it enhances quality in a field of knowledge as inherently practice-based as is LIS.	5
Discussion group, left to right: Andrey Kozlenok, Alexander Nedoshivin, Olga Moiseeva, Elena Grineva, Mikhail Galugudza, Vladimir Fokin, Jeroen Bax, Evgeny Shlyakhto, Mikhail Chernyavskiy, Daria Ryzhkova, Olga Sirotkina, Anna Kostareva	0
The current system of publication and evaluation of journals often rewards the most polarized multidisciplinary journals, while journals seeking higher balance among disciplines are generally penalized in terms of impact factor (Fig 4) [16].	5
Here, we investigate formal, i.e., published, replication studies in economics by examining which and how many published papers are selected for replication and what factors drive replication in these instances.	1
Downloaded from http://circres.ahajournals784/ at University of Calgary on April 13, 2015	0
A total of 5304 articles (including books, journals and conference papers) were used for bibliometric analysis.	4
Data regarding all OREF grant awards from 1994 to 2014, including principal investigator, institution, project title, grant type, year awarded, and amount awarded, were generously provided by the OREF upon request from the authors.	2
The aim of this paper is to explore the power-law relationship between citation-based performance and scientific coauthorship for the natural sciences field.	1
Here, retractions from two major Latin American/Caribbean databases, SciELO (The Scientific Electronic Library Online) and LILACS (the Latin American and Caribbean System on Health Sciences Information) have been analysed, and the alleged reasons in the retraction notices have been identified.	1
This enables us to attribute any remaining differences to gender alone.	0
The analysis is based on data from the extra-EU MORE survey.	2
11(a) and (b), the x-axis indicates r1, and the y-axis represents the average accumulative number of papers and the average accumulative number of citations in all simulated scientists.	4
This study thus established a significant relationship between collaboration and publication productivity for the studied group.	5
It was found that 59% of these documents were published in journals that charge APC.	4
J. Feeley provided thoughtful comments that improved various versions of this article.	0
A total of 1452 papers are retrieved by limiting the types of documents as articles and reviews.	2
The selected articles were thoroughly analyzed to extract important information.	3
The rest of this paper is organized as follows: in Section 2, the description of two layers (referred as α- and β-layer) and the construction process of the two-layer network model are presented.	0
This study brings attention to the less known effects of research prioritisation strategies as applied to research management in schools, faculties and colleges of veterinary medicine viewed through the lens of bibliometric research performance.	1
A citation is considered important if the work is an extension or is inspired by previous work.	1
The Publisher does not warrant or guarantee the article's accuracy, completeness, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement.	0
The fact that mentors were statistically more likely to be working with all their PhDs on 14 of the 17 measures provides specific discriminators on how mentors differ from advisors.	5
For a minimum of two occurrences of the keywords, out of 1035 distinct keywords, only 274 meets the threshold.	4
One important caveat is that the individuals included are only those observed at the same institution in both AY2013 and AY2017.	0
Specifically, cumulative non-decreasing measures like the h-index contain intrinsic autocorrelation, resulting in significant overestimation of their “predictive power”.	4
The current paper aimed to analyze the trends and prominence of four major schools of thought in scientific Psychology (neuroscience, cognitivism, behaviorism, psychoanalysis) and their intersections, covering the period from 1979 to 2020.	1
In this paper, a new normalised fuzzy index, (NFindex), is proposed as a fuzzy-based research impact metric.	1
The number of students who did not commit plagiarism increased by 42.37% after feedback was provided.	4
By tracing productive interactions, we found a number of impact types of ICT research (Table 1).	4
The scale and levels within the education policy network have expanded continuously throughout the past three decades, while the center of the network has become increasingly more apparent.	5
This textual analysis (experiments 1 and 2) of 4732 publications by 1236 authors with “Learning Analytics” in their public GS profile labels and top most cited publications, identified four unique clusters of researchers: Specialist researchers; Occasional researchers; Early career researchers; Interested researchers.	4
Research interdisciplinarity is a multifaceted issue, and the level of emphasis on interdisciplinarity between STEM and non-STEM disciplines varies considerably.	5
To address the multiple authorship problem, this paper develops an improved number-of-papers-published indicator.	3
Data visualization and bibliometric mapping are invaluable tools in detecting and analyzing current and potential collaborative research.	5
This study aimed to assess the performance of a text classification machine-learning model in predicting highly cited articles within the recent radiological literature and to identify the model's most influential article features.	1
We restrict our analysis to all junior researchers with a profile in RePEc whose careers started between 1990 and 2009 and lasted at least 10 years, and who have published at least one co-authored paper every five years.	2
Nevertheless, they are benefiting disproportionately from these collaborations which may have implications for persisting stratification in academia.	5
At present, there are three main sources of bibliometric data: Web of Science?, Scopus?, and Google Scholar.	2
Analyzing bibliometric data from six disciplines, this paper reveals four categories of significant drivers for the collaboration closeness between countries, namely science, economy, geopolitics, and culture respectively.	1
V. Identify the most frequently used languages in open access publishing in Africa.	1
Publication in many of these journals will increase the risk of seeing academic careers perish rather than flourish.	5
On these bases, Section ‘CPBF as a process of formal subsumption of labour under capital 're-examines CPBF in order to determine whether a process of formal subsumption of labour under capital is at work as research funds are increasingly funnelled to academic science through CPBF.	3
Moreover, with the purpose of testing the predictive effect of the proposed indicators, the papers published during the period January 1, 2012 to April 28, 2014 in the Physical Review Journals were collected as well.	2
This research work was funded by Institutional Fund Projects under grant no.	0
With indegree prestige ranking, 27 authors from that pool were represented.	4
Step 4: The final report was generated as a portable document format file.	0
Figure 3 shows the average value over 1,000 applications of the k-means algorithm, and Figure 4 illustrates the average value over 100 applications.	0
Received: 6 January 2023 / Accepted: 2 October 2023 / Published online: 30 October 2023	0
Spearman's correlation results between the three library holding-based metrics (LPH, LEH, and TLH) and other indicators were analysed.	3
Only a few cities, such as Beijing, Shanghai, and Nanjing, have higher degrees of node centrality, strength centrality, and betweenness centrality, so their networks' hierarchical structures are pyramid-shaped and their core-periphery structures are prominent.	4
To validate the data we collected from different interviews, we used a semi-structured interview approach in which the same larger-picture questions were asked of all participants.	3
The current study, therefore, aims to identify and analyze the 100 most-cited ethnopharmacology articles.	1
Data are derived from a combination of tools, including the Analyze feature in Web of Science, the Altmetric database, and additional publisher-provided usage data.	2
Of particular interest is the difference between green OA (1.5) and toll access (0.7), which shows that self-archived papers receive more than twice as many citations as those hidden behind a paywall, which corroborates previous findings obtained in other fields [48, 49].	4
Overall correlation between citations and AAS was weak, and therefor AAS may not be an accurate early predictor of future citations.	5
We see that it is more meaningful, in the context of fractionalization, to read the h-index off the impact sequence, rather than the citation sequence as the former is based on an intensive property that does not change with fractionalization.	5
Intercoder reliability was calculated based on the coding results of the three coders.	3
More than half century ago, direct citation linkages were used to show the evolutionary pathways within a research [11].	0
**Correlation is significant at the 0.01 level (2-tailed); *Correlation is significant at the 0.05 level (2-tailed)	0
Moderation analysis as a baseline methodology is incorporated within the research models.	3
The identification and feature analysis of the SBPF help in identifying advanced and transformative technologies, accelerating the diffusion of patented technology knowledge and enabling enterprises to enhance their core competitiveness and gaining economic benefits through patent layout.	5
Qualitative indicators included citation analysis, most cited documents, journal rank, and Hirsh index (h- index) which is an indirect measure of readership and the extent of interest of other researchers in the docu- ment(s) being cited [40–44].	3
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
We received 327 responses with 90.8% response rate, of which 314 were complete and thus were retained after some responses with missing data were excluded.	2
S8–S10 in the supplementary material) realized with Gephi software.	3
Does long term mobility effectively influence the composition of scientists' knowledge networks, namely through the presence of foreign organizations in their networks?	1
We compared these lowest cited reports with the 66 highest cited reports.	1
In scientometrics, the analysis with multiple techniques provides comprehensive scientific and technological information driving new directions in the evolution of research fields to guide R&D investments towards growing topics and technologies having the potential of supporting fruitful scientific and technological change.	5
4 Classification of papers according to the categories: only men, only women and men and women	0
Our first research question is: What are the differences and correlations of these seven metrics in ranking themes revealed by keywords in a research field?	1
Firstly, we carry out a one-way analysis of variance to compare the samples and test whether they are different or not for the parameters and ratios mentioned above.	3
The two most widely cited studies use data from the late 1960s and early 1970s and measure productivity by using variables related to publishing activity.	0
original research published by Indian physiotherapists for work done in India (Figure 1).	4
If adopted by scientific journals, it could provide job seekers, recruiters and evaluating bodies with a tool to gather information that is essential to them and cannot be easily and accurately obtained otherwise.	5
The association between each independent variable and the dependent variable (citation count) was initially assessed in univariate regression models (Mann-Whitney test for categorical and Spearman correlation for continuous variables).	3
Meanwhile, the number of DCCPs of papers published in different years does not vary dramatically.	4
We would also like to thank PaperTrue for editing and proofreading this manuscript.	0
The results of the study show that the LIS sub-fields are completely different from each other in terms of their publication and citation patterns, and all the sub-fields have different dynamics.	4
To accurately identify pathology residents, we analyzed the results of the NRE published in the Official Journal of the French Republic between 2006 and 2011 [17–22] (supplementary methods).	2
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
We find that relatively larger submissions in all panels tend to achieve higher GPA scores in impact elements where the effect of submission size is higher in panels B and C (i.e.	4
The data is computationally analyzed to identify productivity, productivity per capita, productivity per crore Rupees grant, rate of growth of research output, authorship and collaboration pattern, citation impact and discipline-wise research strengths of these institutions.	3
This study provides a comprehensive understanding of internationalizing AI research in geographic, economic, cultural, academic, and industrial aspects.	5
We find that citation-based indicators are very highly correlated with peer-evaluated measures of group strength, but are poorly correlated with group quality.	4
This study investigates the comparative research impact and dissemination of green open access (GOA) and traditional toll-access (TA) publications within the chemical sciences.	1
We made a random sample of 3,000 systematic reviews from the year 2022, operationalized as publications including the term “systematic review” in their title.	2
For this purpose, and for working with representative and high-quality data, we used the DBLP Computer Science Bibliography, which lists the major computer science journals and conference proceedings, as our database.	2
To this end, the online tool can be used to compare the Bayesian author's likelihood ratio of Bias versus Ability, Rnp,ng, and the unbiased likelihood ratio Rq,np,ng which reflects the true probability of Bias versus Ability.	3
All 167 recipients, principal investigators (PI) and co-PI's of SAGES 194 grants awarded from 1992 to 2015 with available email addresses, were surveyed.	2
These analyses deal with co-authorship networks of universities and bibliographic coupling networks of journals.	4
In sum, our results indicate that research environment assessed at the institutional level would likely be a different construct from research environment assessed at the unit level.	5
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Interview data were transcribed and coded using NVivo at two points in time.	3
The only drawback related to the pure citation-link based method is the fact that cluster labelling cannot directly be obtained from the method itself while in the hybrid solution, cluster labels could be derived from lexical component of the method.	5
The statistical method was to use the software SPSS to perform stepwise regression between samples.	3
Within each subject, the average citation impact ?f of each term frequency f was calculated by taking the arithmetic mean of the average citation impact ??	3
Topic: title, abstract, author keywords, and KeyWords Plus.	2
To get a sense of these complexities, one need only examine queries on the topic posed to Academic Stack Exchange, Research Gate, or other online forums—such as those above.	2
Assessment of 18 indicators by means of a reference set 1 of authors (born 1940–1945).	0
Keywords: Multiplex networks; hypergeometric ensemble; networks of innovators; hypergraphs; research teams.	0
in terms of rater visibility on Goodreads), we calculated the Spearman's p correlation between the citation counts and the reader ratings for the full dataset of n=8,538.	3
It establishes a setting for the problem of predatory publishing in global health, and contrasts two interpretive frames—neoliberalism and social banditry—as means of interpretation and understanding.	1
From 1992, the earliest year that the records are kept, to 2022 there are 4413 scholars who have conducted at least one NSTC project in the field of management.	2
On the other hand, publications in the rest of the fields have declined of which the greatest fall is noted in the field of musculoskeletal oncology.	4
From Model 6, we can see that all superstar factors are statistically significant (ranging from 5% to 0.1% levels) with beta coefficients indicating the strongest effect for John Bates Clark medalists (β = .053, p < .001) and the top 10 IDEAS authors (β=.052, p<.001).	4
Concerning co-authorship, although the results indicate a willingness on the part of authors to chart a path of wider geographical and institutional collaboration, unique authorship continues to be the preferred form of publication.	5
Since the mid-2000s, there has been a boom in scientific output focusing specifically on very old populations, especially in Europe (43.7% of the documents) but also in North America (30.5%) and Asia (26%); other regions made only nominal contributions (0.5 to 4.4%).	4
The rest of the paper is organized as follows-section “Related Work" presents the major related works; m section "Model Formulation" describes how we simulate different peer review processes; sections Experiment and Further Discus- sion discuss the simulation results; section Summary and Conclusion concludes this paper.	0
The North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) code was used to categorize each corporation, and a crosswalk was developed between those codes and National Science Foundation (NSF) categorization of the broad fields of science at research universities, allowing us to identify the corporations’ academic science fields.	3
In this study, universities are clustered based on the quantity and title of the academics employed by Turkish Universities.	1
Constructs were analyzed by the method of confirmatory factor analysis (CFA), and the results indicate acceptable fit (CMIN/DF = 1.92, df = 208, CFI=0.96, TLI=0.95, RMSEA = 0.055).	3
To cope with this issue, we propose a similarity measure based on the ego network of each entity, which effectively considers the change of an entity's centrality from one ego network to another.	1
The Journal of Technological Forecasting and Social Change has by far the most citations of PICMET papers.	4
The comparison between the bibliometric research on SA and GIS showed compatible results in relation to the annual growth rate and subject categories.	5
The open access fee was readily available in 27 out of 41 solicitations (66%), being directly available in the solicitation email or in a link from the said email.	4
As shown above, in every case the best architecture is the GCN (Kipf and Welling 2017), closely followed by the GIN (Xu et al.	4
5 the pattern of collaborative publications with other scientists differs between the two groups, the more frequent membership of scientific societies among the British perhaps being reflected in their more frequent collaboration with workers from outside their institute.	0
The data for this study are based on analyses of CVs of faculty obtained from departmental webpages in thirty sociology departments.	2
In 1980, an average article contained 19.8 references, compared with 43.2 in 2020.	4
Citations to pre-prints allow us to identify the intrinsic quality of articles prior to journal publication.	3
The Figure reveals that Buoncore`s SP influenced the research and practice of four dentistry areas, namely orthodontic brackets (blue colour), dentin (red colour), restoration (green colour) and surface treatment with a YAG laser (yellow colour).	4
We observe that all the observations used both for training (blue bars) and for testing the model (red bars) are ‘‘accepted’’ (100 % sensitivity), while of the 506 true professors of the BIO/14, 62 (12.3 %) show values above the threshold.	4
From a practical perspective, findings highlight a possible danger in promoting financial/instrumental incentives in research performance, but also suggest the importance of providing a suitable level of financial compensation so as not to cause distraction from instrumental sources of motivation.	5
The Altmetric Attention Score (AAS) was used as one of the measures representing NSI.	3
With the network constructed and the topological structures measured, candidate future innovations are identified with a refined link prediction algorithm, using a weighted index of resource allocation.	3
The top 50 articles originated mainly from Beijing (16) and Shanghai (12), with basic research being the focus of the majority (27 of 50; 54%); the remaining were clinical studies.	4
The ISI Web of Science was searched for data covering 1900 to 2013 using a term which included as many original articles on curare as possible.	2
In addition, the Pearson Correlation Coefficient between the citation counts and each ranking list is also calculated to show the correlations.	3
Building on these insights, this study conducts a large-scale, cross-disciplinary, and 8-year longitudinal analysis to explore the temporal accumulation patterns of Mendeley readership.	1
A source of rich empirical material for the study of research quality in the humanities is the fairly large body of collective evaluations from the last several decades.	4
The evaluation proposed is to measure the social impact coverage ratio (SICOR), focusing on the presence of evidence of social impact shared in social media.	3
The distributional adjustment approach proposed herein uses the parametric assumption that all maximum-normalized journal ranking metrics can be approximated with a general function known up to a finite-dimensional vector of parameters.	3
The United States was the leading country with 724 STEM research articles followed by the United Kingdom (90) and Canada (44).	4
Out of the five studied countries, Flanders and Norway generally have the highest article share in overall peer-reviewed publications in both the social sciences and the humanities.	4
This study offers a fine-grained portrayal and measurement of policy citation features, providing insights into policy adoption decisions from a novel perspective of citation choice.	1
This paper uses both the Bibliometry and Scientometry approach and the Innovation System (IS) literature under the perspective of Social Networks Analysis (SNA) to build Collaborative Networks (CNs) to the second-generation ethanol (lignocellulosic) using ISI Web of Science database.	1
As can be seen from the figure, the AUC values of the four indicators were all greater than 0.65, especially the AUC values of CN index, JACCARD index, and RA index were greater than 0.95.	4
The results indicate that interdisciplinary research is a clear trend in current archival digitization research.	5
One of the main deliverable of present investigation is developed protocol and indicators of evaluation of research performance in Iranian HRNs.	4
The following terms, chosen by expert criterium (the second author has 35 years of experience in onychophoran research), were searched in the article title, abstract or keywords: [peripatus OR onychophora OR peripatidae OR peripatopsidae OR neopatidae OR malacopoda OR prototracheata OR malacopode OR onicofori OR onychophoran* OR onychophore* OR peripatien* OR epiperipatus OR peripatopsis OR peripatoides OR opisthopatus OR "velvet worm"].	2
The study entails distinct subject clusters (research streams); and author-assigned keyword frequencies revealed that cryptanalysis, discrete logarithm, elliptic curve, block cipher, provable security, cryptography, secure computation, oblivious transfer, public-key encryption, zero-knowledge are more prevalent and active topics of research in cryptology.	4
If a journal did not contain ten articles in the year considered, the sample was completed by taking the necessary number of additional articles from the year immediately following.	0
Respondents who answered "yes" to Question 4 ("Did any of your coauthors not make sufficient contributions to merit being included as a coauthor?”) were considered to have included at least one honorary author in their publication (perceived honorary authorship).	3
The results show that the R&D project funding by federal agencies has, among other factors, contributed to the growth in the number of patent records.	4
During the period 2007-2017 researchers in the selected disciplines at UoTs were responsible for the writing of 4414 published articles listed by SCOPUS.	4
This study performs three types of analyses: general descriptive statistics, correlation and factor analysis performed on the IBM SPSS 25, and comparative analysis of scholarly impact between journals with and without WeChat public accounts created.	3
A distinctive feature is that the majority of research topics are interconnected rather than one country having an advantage in a specific field.	5
The dataset employed for this study is taken from Microsoft academic1?	2
Therefore, this study sought to compare the demographics, departmental structure, organization, and academic output of faculty members in surgical oncology, general surgery, and other surgical subspecialties at NCI-designated comprehensive cancer centers, with faculty members at NCI cancer centers and non-NCI centers.	1
The h-index of PPC is 58, indicating that 58 articles published in PPC during 1990–2016 received (each) 58 or more citations.	4
We found that 12.55% of the articles in the mediator set were cited by patents and that the NPR transition rate is 0.392.	4
English (5,975, 97.679 %) remains the most common language for publication in this field.	4
For the social sciences and humanities, in particular, a Latin American ‘continentalization’ of publication networks can also be observed.	5
This study has revealed numerous interesting aspects about CCE publications and some of the main findings are as follows.	5
More specifically, it aims at answering two questions: (1) how do research productivity and scientific impact of individual researchers vary with the amount of funding they receive?	1
Our findings show that editors' beliefs and practices are quite individualized rather than being tied to disciplinary or other structural parameters.	4
They are all available from published sources on the Web and included in the 34th edition of the Harzing Journal Quality List (http://www.	2
The results of our analysis have important broader implications.	5
It is hoped that Japanese-language journals whose conflict of interest disclosure policies differ from ICMJE standards will adopt international standards to deter misconduct and ensure publication quality.	5
As can be seen there are very large differences in the scientific productivity of nations.	4
Publication in peer-reviewed journals is integral to career success and promotion in academia.	0
The target population for this analysis was the 41 researchers with permanent positions on November 1, 2018, who had been in the group for more than a year.	2
In sum, the present quantitative attempt to support the qualitative analysis confirms the results of the coding procedure applied on the sample.	0
This paper aims to understand the interaction between science and technology by investigating the relationship between interdisciplinarity and the technological impact of scientific research.	5
Therefore, we used the first and last authorship as a proxy for leadership or seniority in research.	3
As well as being harmful to general academic well-being, the publish-or-perish (PP) approach appears harmful to the productivity of both high and low performing academics.	5
this contribution serves as a tool to analyse the evolution of the research output in the field over the last 25 years (1998-2022 inclusive) to understand new trends and growth.	1
This analysis of general SlideShare documents and SlideShare documents cited by, or citing, Scopus articles has shown that the site contains mainly professional users and documents, albeit with a substantial minority of academic and educational content.	5
It is necessary and feasible to evaluate the impact of software tools based on Altmetrics.	5
The final section consists of a brief summary and statement of conclusions.	0
Therefore, a simple and practical back-of-the-envelope test for identifying researchers with strategic self-citations is proposed without access to self-citation information.	1
Societal and biological constraints may reduce women's ability to obtain research intensive positions and contribute to these gender disparities.	5
The chain transmission and event relationship of public opinion events in the event logic graph could precisely locate the critical nodes of the network public opinion, which was helpful for promptly discovering and controlling the direction of the state of affairs development; this accurately guided the direction of public opinion event development, and the monitoring, prediction, and management of network public opinion on natural disaster events was successfully achieved.	5
Who are the home institutions of the prominent researchers who have been decisive in creating this academic discipline?	1
Similar to Hirsch's diagram, a histogram, by which h-index and some of its variants can be presented with geometrical illustrations, is introduced.	3
The collaborative scientific production between Mexico and its strategic countries is 61,594 documents in the years 2007–2016.	4
Additionally, there are also fewer citations per article for Southern-authored articles than for Northern-authored articles.	4
A central theme of the results is that the number of references cited in research papers has been increasing, both per article and per page, over time frames of 17, 23, and 40 years, among the 30 selected disciplinary categories or the 80 journals of the selected categories in the natural and social sciences.	5
Six weeks after writing him, I heard from Merton on 19 April 1962.	0
In order to fully understand the current status of DE&I in academia, and within societies in particular, this paper also draws on other research undertaken or supported by Wiley, including a survey of journal editors and the Brave New World study, as well as further research in which Wiley was not involved.	3
1, albeit weak, are with non-normalized metrics that typically increase monotonically with the age of the researcher: the year of the first published paper, the H-index, the total number of citations and the total number of published papers (R2 in the range 0.12–0.14).	4
Leadership is important at the college and university levels if interdisciplinarity is to thrive.	4
This debate illustrates the importance of replication in research, especially for studies with a significant policy impact.	5
Algorithm metadata in sentence form and pseudo-code form (Guha & Koudas, 2002).	0
The page ranks of all the institutions are in the range of 5 and 7.	4
Funding The article was prepared within the framework of the HSE University Basic Research Program.	0
faculty for Web of Science average citations per document.	4
OREF resident grant recipients were predominantly male (79.0%) and Caucasian (70.2%).	4
Jointly with the OA citation advantage, the OA prevalence as well as the differences between access types (OA vs.	1
Furthermore, we discovered that the networks of authors, affiliations and countries exhibit small-world properties.	5
The search was conducted in December 2020 with three journal titles: “Journal of Behavioral Economics,” “Journal of Socio-Economics,” and “Journal of Behavioral and Experimental Economics.”	2
P. M. Madsen is with the Marriott School of Management, Brigham Young University, Provo, UT 84602 USA (e-mail: petermadsen@byu.edu).	0
Moreover, the lodging studies' co-authorship networks match the properties of small-world network theory, which influences the diffusion speed of properties.	4
The regression coefficient of the spatial variable parameter β1 demonstrated that geographical distance between cities had a significant negative influence on the possibility of cooperation.	4
3 show the overall average impact (paper and journal impact).	4
This paper explains how and why diffusion processes can influence patterns of access to new procedures and lead to inequities; and provides an account of why technical support protocols must be carefully developed for broad-scale deployment.	1
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita (2005) and the Deepwater Horizon oil spill (2010) offer the opportunity to compare the Gulf wetlands collaboration network before and after the disasters.	1
This choice is based on the fact that in informetric work citations are considered to represent knowledge flows from cited to citing articles (Li et al., 2020).	0
According to Scimago Journal & Country Rank 2018, the h-index of JBR is 158, which means that 158 JBR articles received at least 158 citations from authors other than the contributors.	4
Outside taxonomy, on the other hand, referring to the original sources of names becomes superfluous with time (Krell 2002).	0
To measure the lifecycle productivity of elite mathematicians, we use the comprehensive data contained in the AMS MathSciNet archives.	2
2015 data were gathered from six global citation metrics: Journal Impact Factor (JIF), Eigenfactor, SCImago Journal Rank (SJR), H-Index, CiteScore, and Source Normalized Impact per Paper (SNIP).	3
The findings of the study revealed that majority of the academic librarians are aware of the gold and green publishing routes while the majority of academic librarians are not aware of the diamond publishing route.	4
deviates far away from the number of entities N.	4
Fourthly, in the current study, 20% of Ghana's internationally co-authored articles involved the rest of Africa.	5
The data of the present study mainly comes from journal articles included in the Chinese Social Sciences Citation Index (CSSCI), retrieved with "entrepreneurship education" as the title, years of the literature retrieval: 1999-2017, retrieval condition "accurate", in the end, 1134 related articles were retrieved in April 2017.	2
Further, contrary to what he suggests, there is no evidence that Open Access publishing is making it easier for scholars in developing countries to contribute to scholarship.	5
We study the number of laser-related dissertations per advisor, publication and patent outputs of advisors and doctoral students, as well as the likelihood that former students started laser firms or attained professorships.	1
In contrast, the top five (weight) were: University of Michigan, Indiana University, University of Georgia, Teachers College Columbia University, and Michigan State University.	4
Tubitak’s research subsidy formulation is transparent and available from their website.	0
At the same time, the ranking ability of ZAS indicators in the evaluation of talents is the strongest, and it is expected to be used in practical evaluations.	5
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, 2018	0
The objectives of this manuscript are: (1) Explore the similarities and clusters in research profiles between different countries; (2) Assess whether those similarities are associated with country income status; (3) Explore the relationships among disciplines based on similarities between them in country-based research profiles; and (4) Describe the evolution over time of country-based research profiles and clusters where those countries belong, given their different political and economic paths.	1
Altmetric indicators offered an interesting approach that would be seriously analyzed for future research assessment policies.	5
A total of 5793 education policies were extracted from our 1978–2013 Central Government Education Policy Documents Database.	4
We extracted keywords from each grant and paper abstract using a Python implementation of Rapid Automatic Keyword Extraction (RAKE), an unsupervised, domain-independent keyword extraction algorithm (Rose et al., 2010).	3
From 2011 to 2015, the period of our data collection, countries with developing economies had a disproportionately greater share of articles published in the lower-tier mega-journals and thus paid article APCs that cross-subsidize publications in the top-tier journals of the same publisher.	4
The distributions of Nobel numbers for individual scientists shown in Figures 2, 5, and 6 share an interesting feature: not only are their decade-to-decade mean values approximately constant, but their decade-to-decade dispersions from the mean are approximately constant as well.	5
The pseudo code of the software that performs this operation is shown below.	0
After presenting the (inter)national regulations on ethics and integrity, we will investigate a philosophical analysis in which we consider possible influences from publication pressure that became widespread over all disciplines.	3
University leaders, on the other hand, were uniformly opposed to material incentives and rewards for interdisciplinary collaboration, and tended to promote 'cultural change' as a preferred strategy instead.	5
The study received responses from all the faculties at the University of Dhaka.	2
The first part of my empirical analysis estimates the effect of intellectual proximity to more influential committee members: (1) Assessmenticmt = a0 + a?Proximity_to_Permanenticmt + a2Total_Proximityicmt + μXicmt + δcmt + eicmt.	3
Statistical analysis was performed for the two major disciplines separately.	3
Table 5 lists the varying levels of importance journal editors place on manuscript components when making publication decisions;	0
Spearman rho confirmed a strong association between the number of papers and the h-indices (P < 0.00001) for correlation between Scopus h-index and total publications.	4
First, results based on bibliometric data indicate that scholars who perform less well with respect to publications and citations in selective Russian journals are more likely to become an expert engaged in academic citizenship in the form of regulatory activity.	4
Are major subject encyclopedias in the chemical sciences used by scientists?	1
In particular, the proposed approach delivered the best performance compared with the existing models, Doc2Vec and TF-IDF, which have been widely used for scientific clustering papers.	4
University, Sweden) was used to process the bibliographic information, whereas the statistical calculations and visual representation of the networks were performed with the social network analysis program Pajek10.	3
Based on documentary analysis and semi-structured interviews, the difficulties faced by evaluators in assessing technology products are explored.	3
Ethics should be a new dimension added into the university ranking systems, as it is an undisputable right of the public and all the parties involved in higher education to have an ethical evaluation of the university's achievements.	1
The final instrument was distributed amongst early career researchers in order to allow respondents to describe, in their own words, the issues that arose from their experiences with pursuing research impact.	2
Most high research performance researchers conducted scientometric research, whereas most highly cited researchers worked in the domain of management and computer science expertise and published their research results in journals relevant to their field.	4
Motivated by the stature of the journal, this study aims to analyse the journal's impact, prominent themes, and frequently contributing authors and their affiliated institutions and countries using bibliometric analysis.	1
(3) What factors drive the flow of Chinese scientists?	1
Eigenvector centrality identifies the papers frequently cited by other important papers within other disciplines of the same journal for papers within a specific discipline.	5
The results of simulations on an artificially generated citation network showed that it was easy to discover citation cartels in this network using the mentioned semantic web tools.	4
Since sub-disciplines within a discipline could have different characteristics in their popularity or sizes of communities, the citation patterns may vary.	5
This article examines the factors affecting researchers' collaborative behaviour, based on the results of a survey of 285 researchers from three universities in Maghreb (Morocco, Algeria, and Tunisia).	1
Peer-review is prone to supporting more conventional mainstream research, with a negative effect on visionary and high-risk approaches.	5
The list was used to define search terms, based on which we collected a total of 24,450 publications from the WoS spanning the period from 1990 to 2012.	2
Quantitatively compare characteristics of non-indexed OA aquaculture journals and the articles therein to those of well-established, indexed aquaculture journals (to determine the likelihood of non-indexed OA journals being predatory), 2.	1
This article uses the geometric MNCS to assess the impact of collaboration on the average citation impact of research.	1
We conclude that these models have a surprisingly good predictive power and may help peers in their selection process.	5
We propose, instead, an alternative score division rule that is based on the notion of Shapley value, a well known solution concept in coalitional game theory, which enjoys the desirable properties mentioned above.	1
The Altmetric Attention Score (AAS) of each journal and article was searched separately using ‘‘Advanced Search’’ in Altmetric Explorer (https://www.altmetric.com/explorer, Altmetric LLP, London, UK).	2
“Results and discussion”, “Implications, recommendations and conclusion" sections present the results and discussion, and implications of findings, respectively.	0
Multi-RPYS enables us to address the distinction between citations at the research front and citations codified into concept symbols (Small 1978), at the risk of being “obliterated by incorporation” (Garfield 1975).	5
Additionally clustering analysis using the features used in the computation of the influence score indicates a grouping into “National” and “International” categories.	5
Our results are initial steps in developing tools to support the early identification of breakthrough research publications.	5
Our main contribution is showing that inbreeding combined with mobility may lead to positive effects on productivity, especially in a developing country setting, in which international research networks are still not that strongly developed.	5
These models are a first step towards a quantitative understanding of the timing and effectiveness of the humoral immune response in reducing host viremia and consequently the epidemic spread of WNV.	5
We selected the top five engineering schools in research universities in each country: the University of Chile (UCH), the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile (PUC), Federico Santa María University (UTFSM), the University of Concepción (UdeC), and the University of Santiago (USACH) from Chile; and Seoul National University (SNU), Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST), the Pohang University of Science and Technology (POSTECH), Yonsei University (Yonsei), and Korea University (KU) from Korea.	2
Andrew Moore and an anonymous referee for helpful suggestions on the paper.	0
As expected, international collaboration (FWCI of 1.93 in 2006 and FWCI of 3.18 in 2015) had a higher academic impact than domestic collaboration (FWCI of 1.33 in 2006 and FWCI of 1.84 in 2015).	4
In this comprehensive bibliometric analysis of Sci-Hub downloads by Egyptian researchers in 2017, distinctive trends emerged, revealing unique usage patterns.	5
Conclusion: This new method provides important insights for the global coordination between research teams especially in crisis situations such as the COVID-19 pandemic.	5
Then, we show the results obtained in the form of scientograms, which is how we chose to denominate the graphic representations obtained from scientometric information, to finally draw a few brief conclusions.	0
Crossref has noticed a 30% growth in preprints for the past 2 years powered by bioRxiv (Lin, 2018).	4
To conclude, firstly, a reproducible methodology has been proposed to map scientific knowledge in Wikipedia through bibliometric techniques while, secondly, we have been able to analyze how the "global brain" perceives scientific knowledge and the interrelationship between specialties, offering a new vision of science as a counterpoint to the traditional maps.	5
This detailed scientometric study from 1,09,766 research works from SCI-E during 1986–2015 plots the trends and identifies research hotspots for the benefit to scientists in the subject area.	1
The portal is designed to fulfil the need for a single integrated resource for analytical data about research competencies of India at an overall level as well as Indian institutions at an individual level.	1
Based on critical analysis it was found that there were 634 women scientists, which is 16% of the total number of scientists and they contribute about 36% of technical journal publications.	4
Authors are grateful to Hortensia Esteve for her valuable collaboration, Pilar Jiménez for help in data collection, Laura Barrios for help in statistical analysis, and specially to all those that have collaborated in the survey.	0
However, this is explained by the fact that documents are categorized in two document types in Web of Science Core Collection, for example, 46 'proceedings papers' and one 'book chapter' were classified as the document type 'articles'.	0
In this paper, we analyze the information describing the authors contributions present in research papers.	1
The Estimation Result of the Influence of the Leading Role, Gender, Age Group, and Region on Adjusted Productivity with Full Data (a), and Data Have Eliminated the Outliers (b).	0
This step is finalized by performing a second modularity optimization partitioning of the 'nanomedicine-only' projected network.	3
Changes in number of hits reported excluding citations by Google Scholar	0
I would like to thank my CWTS colleague Thed van Leeuwen for the data collection, data analysis, and calculation of the bibliometric indicators for the set of research groups.	0
For all analyses, we used Stata 17 to test a univariate analysis of variance (ANOVA) and multilevel modeling.	3
Through a survey of 1099 faculty members from 21 high-level research universities in China, this study used a quasi-experimental method to examine the effect of the tenure track on faculty members' academic performance.	1
Correlations between the AAS, the number of social media mentions, and citations were analysed using Spearman's rank order correlation coefficient.	3
Received January 5, 2011; Accepted March 14, 2011; Published May 4, 2011	0
This article proposes to study world social sciences over a 30-year period (1980– 2009) with quantitative tools based on a large bibliographic database, the Web of Science (WoS).	1
The objective of this paper is to assess innovation impacts arising from a Research Infrastructure and specifically tracing and describing the pathways according to which these impacts may materialize.	1
The fact that these keywords are frequently included in the second period is an expression of the new role of neuroscience in contemporary psychology in which the brain is receiving a massive amount of attention (Sciolino, 2011).	4
The rates at which scientists report committing or observing all forms of research misbehavior, especially violation of authorship rules, is higher among Croatian scientists than among scientists in highly developed countries.	5
in the first one, a SQL script was written to crawl the entire service asking for the 25 letters of the Latin alphabet in groups of three for the first sample (December 2011) and in groups of two for the remaining ones.	3
After surveying the faculty to determine what topics they were most interested in exploring, the committee developed a schedule of workshops and began reaching out to potential guest speakers inside and outside the library.	3
Sweden, the Netherlands and Canada had the greatest increase in publication quality.	4
In general, evaluating the impact of scientific research involves describing the influence of research outputs in terms of the value and benefit to those for whom the research is targeted.	0
Table 2 shows the shares of top thirty collaboration partners in mainland China's total co-publications in the 2008–2015 period.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 60(10):2107-2118, 2009	0
Against this background, we investigate how the global science network evolves and to what extent countries and their science systems integrate into the global science network.	1
In conclusion, this paper adds evidence on the gendered nature of bibliographic indicators of merit among elite scientists.	5
We will therefore continue to maintain a high degree of alertness and will periodically track the history of manuscripts rejected by NDT, particularly papers that are rejected at triage by our journal.	5
Our study has shown that, overall, collaboration is positively associated with research performance and, more importantly, that researchers should embrace different collaborative strategies as their academic career progresses.	5
‘#M’denotes the cardinality of the set M, i.e., the number of its	0
Moreover, the important rise of Saudi research productivity and impact is mainly due to the governmental efforts since the late 2000s to convert the major universities of the kingdom (mainly King Saud University and King Abdelaziz University) into world-class universities (Schmoch et al.	4
Table 4 Average relative presence of the USA, England, Germany, Canada and France in the references of US publications (2010–2015)	0
The documents in Human & Experimental Toxicology focus principally on original data, with very few review articles.	5
Summarizing, gender influences the academic rank, and the role of researchers in research teams and networks: female researchers tend to have lower academic positions, and tend to are less often in a leading role.	5
We would argue on the basis of these accounts that looseness in the interpretation and application of impact criteria is prerequisite to a nascent and evolving evaluation focus.	5
Scientific research output, Q, is measured in terms of new invention disclosures.	2
For the purpose of this study we use Cochrane reviews and consequently, we focus on health sciences research.	2
The citation frequencies received by the sample articles were measured in October, 2006, and December, 2011, using the WoS, so the length of the citing window is 6–7 years and 11–12 years, respectively.	2
In national collaboration, it was observed that the normalized citation impact tends to be associated with the scientific production quantity published by the institution, with larger institutions tending to reach higher citation impact than those with smaller scientific production.	5
The dataset includes bibliometric indicators of a total of N=254 German social scientists.	2
We first compared citations received during the preretraction period against those received during an equivalent postretraction period; and we then compared these preretraction citations against total postretraction citations received until December 2019.	3
Thus, the objectives of this study are as follows: (1) to study the Chinese HSS publication trends from absolute and relative perspectives, (2) to explore the collaboration patterns and identify the core partners and institutions, and (3) to present the research foci of HSS in China.	1
We found that OA journal articles experience a citation advantage in very few subject areas and, in most of these subject areas, the citation advantage was found on only a single measure of citation advantage, namely whether the article was cited at all.	4
Among the journals cited six or more times, most were outside the discipline of communication studies (see Figures 3, 5, and 7).	4
The inclusion criteria were medical students who were actively involved in a MSSS, had at least one ongoing research project, and had passed their first semester of studies.	2
This article takes a case study approach, examining one university faculty in depth in relation to research impact.	1
In this study, we found that 758 articles were published by Moroccan institutions in the considered research databases between 2000 and 2020.	4
Publication data from Norway are used as examples.	2
The strongest are between AAG and NI-ORG and between NI and %EO.	4
Collaborative relationships were identified from co-authored publications indexed in the Web of Science.	2
According to the information, 43 chemists in Chile (75%) (82.6%) of the total study sample have a self-citation T value lower or equal to 0.35 which means a little impact of self-citations.	4
As said, responses were received from 485 individuals (88% English, 9% French, and 3% Portuguese).	2
Descriptive analyses were conducted to measure IJMHS' performance:	3
The main conclusion is that the participation on Twitter affects the dissemination of research papers, and in consequence, it indirectly favours the likelihood that academic outputs being cited.	5
It seems that highlighting key features of medical articles alongside ratings by Faculty members of F1000 could help to reveal the hidden value of some medical papers.	5
Except for content similarity of all authors' publications and average closeness centrality, ten variables were able to significantly predict future citation counts of target conference papers (F (12, 12225) = 132.62, p < 0.001) and altogether accounted for 11.5% of the variance in the citation counts of the papers (R2 = 0.12, adjusted R2 = 0.12).	4
This supplementary material associated with this article can be found in the online version at doi:10.1016/ j.jsurg.2022.12.005.	0
Finally, we obtained 2,793 papers in TXT format as the raw corpus.	2
Once we had the pool of papers, we reviewed the records to ensure their integrity, e.g., not having duplicate records for a given paper.	2
The compliance with AMSTAR and adherence to PRISMA checklist were comparable between systematic reviews and meta-analyses published in OA and non-OA journals (Group C, 46.0% versus Group D, 55.0%; p = 0.06), (Group C, 72.0% versus Group D, 76.0%; p = 0.1), respectively).	4
Five professors from Drexel university serve as evaluators in this case.	2
This exponential decay indicates that most scientists are characterized by little change in their research interests and the probability of making a leap decreases exponentially with its range.	4
We found a high prevalence of reported institutional affiliations in multiple-affiliated authors that we could not verify through publicly available means, pointing to a possible problem of misrepresentation.	5
There is a gap between Arab countries and Israel in the quality of breast cancer research.	5
Based on guidelines from Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery-American Volume [31], level of evidence for clinical articles was independently determined by two reviewers.	3
Stephane J Baele, Department of Politics, University of Exeter, Amory building, Rennes Drive, Exeter EX4 4RJ, UK.	0
2021 and 2020 were the most prolific years.	4
One of the primary purposes of the paper is to provide robust rankings and to determine if reliance on the classic 2YIF, to the exclusion of the other RAMs, might lead to a distorted evaluation of journal	1
The field of observation consists of the entire faculty of the Italian academic system, and so the coauthorship of scientific publications by over 12,000 professors.	2
The results indicate that patents are likely to be cited for providing background knowledge.	4
With the help of data analysis software Excel and visualization software VOSviewer, this study mainly uses two methods of bibliometric and social network analysis to analyze 66,296 papers on the subject of “earthquake” collecting in Web of Science in 2009–2018 from multiple perspectives.	1
Text analyses revealed that almost all (30/31) gene knockdown papers referred to Shanghai HollyBio or Hollybio based in Shanghai as the supplier of either expression plasmids and/or gene knockdown nucleotide sequence reagents.	4
To answer the research questions we analyzed 1,079 articles of LA–C authors published from January 1, 1990 to December 31, 2010 in 119 journals of Social Science Citation Index database in the category “management”.	2
The data in Table 2 indicates that HotBot and Google discover new URLs quicker than the other search engines.	0
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Note that the vertical axis is scaled by a factor of one thousand, so that the range of totals is from 727,000 to 9,472,000 for this period.	0
Here, we propose a network-based methodology to quantify the impact of an article by comparing it with locally comparable research, thereby eliminating the discipline label requirement.	1
This study will instead use the Normalized Journal Score NJS,1 because it examines two social science fields that each include a number of sub-disciplines.	3
Our study indicates that food webs from ecosystems other than aquatic ones, such as terrestrial ecosystems, also require more attention in the future; in particular those that exist within countries from Africa and South America.	5
The purpose of this study is to compare how the same source is cited by NS and SSH researchers in their publications.	1
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The results indicate that the growth trajectories of excellent scholars in the field of computer science exhibit similarities and can be classified into three categories based on productivity, four categories based on impact, and six categories based on comprehensive abilities.	5
Received on August 14, 2009; revised on September 29, 2009; accepted on October 3, 2009	0
The international scientific collaboration for the present study is the papers published by the Cuban science system with the participation of at least one author with an affiliation outside Cuba.	2
For this, we developed a search strategy in the database ISI web of knowledge, ISI digital version (WOS) as follows: advanced search CU = (Country) and WC = (Management), time span: from January 1st, 1990 to December 31 2010, language: all, citation database: SSCI, document type: article.	2
The lowest percentage (5.84%) of articles without any citations were published by the professors, whereas the lowest percentage (4.84%) of articles without any social media mention were published by the assistant professors.	4
Applying this final weighting metric, we created the final list of top twenty authors (see Table 8).	3
The definitions of green and gold open access used in this case report follow, e.g., [2,3].	0
The level of consistency of the discipline rankings generated by two bibliometric methods	0
We found causal evidence of a negativity bias, where evaluators lower their scores by more points after seeing scores more critical than their own rather than raise them after seeing more favorable scores.	4
For the citation network analysis, we used Search path count (SPC) algorithm (Batagelj et al.	3
Further associated research trends can be seen in the heat map (see Figure 6).	0
Received September 15, 2003; revised January 6, 2004; accepted January 6, 2004	0
However, the findings prove that publish or perish culture will shape the field.	5
A publication or a citation is considered international if any of its authors is from outside the home country of the university in question.	3
The limitation of study area is very common in keywords, which is the characteristic for regional issues research.	0
While there are a variety of manuscript types, only peer-reviewed articles, and reviews are included.	2
the mean number of citations per publication) is greater for Indian research (although this is not always the case as demonstrated by Table 4).	4
Nevertheless, we found some differences between publication-based and citation-based rankings.	4
Other free sets of data are available in the NSF Science and Engineering Indicators series, which has (2) Scopus fractional counts 2003–2016 in NSB (2018, Appendix Table 5–27) and (3) Web of Science fractional counts 1997–2011 in NSB (2014, Appendix Table 5–26).	2
Although the share of co-authored humanities papers is slowly increasing, 85% of this publication output in the period 2006–2015 is still single-authored.	4
Therefore, Mendeley and Twitter are more useful both on coverage and relationship with traditional citation-based index.	4
The profiles were produced through informed peer review of submissions, using the criteria of originality, significance and rigour, by 67 subject sub-panels, grouped in 15 main panels of cognate disciplines.	3
Table 1 Journal screening results according to 13 categories relating to management of SCI and SSCI and disciplinary setting of management in mainland China	0
Whereas the influence of the applicant's last name on rejection or adjourning an application is statistically significant, the effect size is small; thus, a small amount of explained variation is real, not due to sampling error	0
Journal usage is an important signpost not only for understanding the scholarly scope of a discipline, but it is also essential for gaining insight into the shifting trends.	5
Downloaded by University of Colorado Boulder At 03:42 29 April 2017 (PT)	0
This article has been accepted for publication and undergone full peer review but has not been through the copyediting, typesetting, pagination and proofreading process, which may lead to differences between this version and the Version of Record.	0
So, using data based on all 2021 paid-up members of the Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology who listed academia as their primary work sector, restricted to only those in research-focused academic positions (N=1075), the study's objectives were to (1) present normative scholarly impact data for industrial-organizational psychologists in academia, (2) examine the relationships between various scholarly impact metrics in a test of their construct validity, (3) investigate how normative impact varies as a function of various factors, and (4) as a further test of their construct validity, explore the convergence between individual-level rankings based on textbook citations and impact metrics.	1
In conclusion, our study provides extensive insight into retracted literature in the field of ophthalmology.	5
- contribution to the SUS's total number of documents about open science, as a percentage,	3
The thematic evolution allows us to see the Mexican bioinformatics focused mainly on applications of characterization and annotation of genes and genomes in the first period to more sophisticated analyses favored by the accumulation of data in the biological sciences which allow making models to greater detail favoring the development of systems biology and network analysis.	5
Articles published in AJPE from 2015 through 2019 were reviewed.	2
A rank factor (RF) of 1 to 10 is then appropriated to each journal based on where it falls within the rank order.	3
By evaluating a large number of selected articles (6820) using a specialized keyword selection strategy and various filters, a significant increase in publication frequency was observed.	2
Often we need to compare two sets of data, say X and Y, and often via comparing their means μx and μy.	1
From this result, when the strength of informative signals about the manuscript quality is sufficiently weak (0 < φ) and reviewer's confirmatory bias is sufficiently severe (q > q*), there exists a strong possibility that the reviewer would erroneously identify the manuscript quality, in which case the editor prefers not to offer the potential reviewer any incentive to accept the invitation to review the manuscript.	5
Different diachronous citing units were used to determine if there are differences between rankings of journals measured by synchronous impact factors of first- and late-comer journals.	1
The interviews reveal the critical role students ascribe to the PI in shaping the lab culture.	4
Each level comprises a series of research activities that visually and quantitatively capture, from different degrees of granularity and perspectives, the cognitive structures underpinning research centers.	3
Coefficients can be interpreted relative to the omitted category of nonstars.	0
Citation change was calculated as: (Cit./mo(post) - Cit./mo(pre))/(Cit./mo(pre)).	3
In a range of scientific coauthorship networks, transitions emerge in degree distribution, in the correlation between degree and local clustering coefficient, etc.	1
Finally, I thank Mary Kelley-Bibra for her great help in improving the English of the text.	0
Accordingly, the primary objective of the present study is to evaluate the perception of learners having exposure to e-exam towards online examination methods of higher education institutions.	1
The methodological approach for this patent analysis is totally descriptive.	3
In this paper, we examine how mobility of European researchers within Europe and to the United States affects their scientific performance as well as several other aspects of their research career.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Faculty advancement was associated with the number of publications per year, number of last- and middle-authorship publications, h-index and r-index, with associate professors having significantly more publications and higher indices than assistant professors, and professors having significantly more publications and higher indices than both groups (Figure 3).	4
VQR (Research Quality Evaluation) 2011–2014, the most recent Italian research assessment effort was based on a hybrid evaluation approach.	2
We converted test statistics that described the link between citations and non-scientific features of papers to Pearson's r using standard conversion formulas (Lajeunesse, 2013).	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—January 1, 2001 75	0
To clearly examine the role of review papers, we focused on a research field with a suitable sample size of studies (>1000) and developmental time span (~20 years), namely e-tourism.	2
The correlation for the results placed amongst the top 900 positions is r = 0.97 (α < 0.01).	4
Regression analysis on the simulation networks reveals that network topology properties, such as connectivity, sparsity, and aggregation, influence the relationships among selected metrics.	3
We end with a "Conclusions" section, where we summarize the results and contribution of our study.	0
1 Department of Immunology, Institute for Cancer Research, The Radium Hospital, FOBY, Oslo University Hospital, Montebello, 0379 Oslo, Norway	0
The data driven approach we take is still the best, in our own opinion, as there are several narrative approaches to structuring the metrics, but little is known about what the metrics actually reflect, and how that matches up to what we want them to reflect (e.g., Quality, Impact).	0
In particular, the so-called field-normalized citation score (FNCS or NCS) was applied as the outcome variable, which is defined for a publication as the ratio between the number of citations to the average citation number within the same research field and in the same publication cohort (i.e.	3
neurosciences, clinical neurology, and psychiatry), and (3) general medicine (e.g.	4
The aim of this study was to identify the 100 top-cited articles published in Medical Informatics and to examine their main characteristics to gain insight into the types of publications influential attributes in this field.	1
Further, SciMAT (version 1.1.04) was used for science mapping studies (Cobo et al., 2012a).	3
The data of citations and altmetrics were analyzed using Student's t-test (GraphPad 7.1) between OR and non-OR, as well as between OI and non-OI, and an ANOVA test (GraphPad 7.1) was used across different degrees of openness of identity.	3
Our study aims to explore the citation performance of the set of ORMS journals within the period from 2017 until 2021 by DEA models and derive an index that allows the ranking of the journals.	1
We examine 131 scholarly articles that have been retracted from journals in the field of business and management studies.	2
Therefore, we state that the internal boundaries of science are drawn probabilistically each time in each individual linguistic study, and polyparadigmality trends can be determined on the basis of the most frequency-dependent relations between term fields, which represent individual scientific paradigms, in the research corpus.	5
Employing an institutionalist perspective, this article aims to explore the implementation of the global model of the international journal in Ukraine.	1
We aggregated the 37 key-research areas manually into nine IRS.	3
The results of this study are pragmatic in that the journal evaluation data employed metrics actually used by business schools to determine the quality of business ethics journals.	5
Information resources are the backbone for the effective functioning of libraries and information centers associated with any/every type of institution.	0
The authors find no evidence of a relationship between review outcomes and citation impact at any time after publication, even when citations are normalized by subfield.	4
Geographical mapping analysis has been applied to reveal the research collaborations among cities or nations (Kristensen, 2015).	3
The final sample consisted of forty-four universities from eighteen countries (Table 3).	2
A full counting method was used in this study, i.e., co-authored publications at the country level are fully counted as a publication of each country.	3
More broadly, we set out to address the following questions: How do cities compare in terms of their research output and AI workforce?	1
These data are aligned with an h-index of 58.	4
Note that in the Figs 4 and 5 the bars are calculated on the basis of the absolute numbers of gained/lost citations, and the sum over the fields corresponds to the relative national loss/win in Fig.	0
In addition to GSC, the academic profile services we considered in this analysis were ResearcherID, ResearchGate, and Mendeley.	2
RQ1: What is the distribution of paper citations in systems conferences after five years?	1
Eight out of 15 most productive countries have achieved high relative citation index (1 and above): Belgium (3.61), Australia (2.69), UK (2.38), Canada (2.33), France (2.07), USA (1.87), Germany (1.65), UAE (1.11) and Kenya (1.09) during 2003–2012.	4
This latter problem is taken into account in few studies, with an adjustment of the estimates through an iterative process (see, e.g., Laband and Piette 1994, Kalaitzidakis et al.	0
Based on the search query initiated in the WoS core collection, we captured over 130,000 bibliometric full records that cover the Journal category of publications between 2008 and 2018 (November 27) in which at least one of the authors has been based in Finland (CU=Finland).	2
A total of 267 tweets containing a URL mention to the VOSviewer's official website have been identified in the period (tweet diffusion breadth).	4
Scopus characterizes as “Articles” a large share of the publications by prolific authors who work in a non-researcher capacity.	5
Para tener un número manejable nos quedamos con aquellos que aparecen en más de 8 documentos, que totalizan 279 palabras clave, que están presentes en un total de 1.616 documentos.	2
The resulting model explained 61.5% of the variation in biological age and the standard error was 6.59 years (i.e., when determining an age from the estimated model, we are off the mark by an average of 6.59 years; the relative error was 14%).	4
The Matilda Effect in Communication Research: The Effects of Gender and Geography on Usage and Citations Across 11 Countries	1
The analysis was performed on disciplinary co-authorship networks of Slovenian researchers in two time periods (1991–2000 and 2001–2010).	2
It shows that a majority (96.7%) of genuinely written sentences which pass through the filter have less than 0.5 GSS.	4
In the case of Bae et al., (2020a), we can conclude that the reason for retraction has not been mentioned by Twitter users before a retraction decision has been made and only very rarely (0.5%) after publication of the retraction.	4
(2019), we rely on a weighted combination—different for each subject category and year of publication—of the field-normalized citations and the field-normalized impact factor of the hosting journal (measured at year of publication).	3
We observed journals' diversification and growth across all the proposed indicators, with different degrees of visibility and quality depending on the criteria used.	4
The paper uses a variant of the Revealed Comparative Advantage index to examine comparative advantages of the European Union (EU) countries in 254 research areas and their development from 1998 to 2018, focusing mostly on the split into the old and new EU members and their convergence.	1
In this paper, we use XGBoost feature selection, which can give the score of each feature in the training model, indicating the importance of each feature.	3
It is found that the use of such indices, non linear transformations of the data distributions, allow us to distinguish features and evolutions of the peer review process as a function of time as well as comparing the non-uniformity of distributions.	4
The WoS database is an authoritative database in the world; the AL database is the largest electronic database in Taiwan and it is a representative and authoritative Chinese database in Chinese areas and regions; these databeses can ensure the reliability and validity of the original materials, and make cross-comparisons on TE research topics locally and abroad.	2
Specifically, to observe the temporal evolution of the data, the rate of variation from one year to another was calculated using the formula shown in Figure 1.	3
Results showed that China's education policy transmission system has experienced a rapid expansion in the last few decades, and that characteristics are distinct from onetime period to another.	4
Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) and Python were used to analyze the data and implement text mining and topic modeling algorithms.	3
in this paper we want to focus our attention on a relatively recent commercial strategy by which publishers leverage the branding of their most prestigious scientific journals.	1
When comparing the Keywords Plus analysis results and the frequently used words, it was observed that insufficient attention was given to regional development, disaster, resilience, natural and cultural heritage, housing, and inclusiveness.	5
The JIF of non-English journals is an indicator of international visibility or impact.	5
All amounts were converted to 2015 constant US$.	3
The top 20 more productive institutions were called Central group; those institutions with less than 5 institutional publications were called Distal group including 156 out of 201 Cuban institutions; and those in between these two groups including 25 institutions were called Middle group.	3
First, the development and co-citation of TE research has been rapidly evolving in countries other than Taiwan, where research has progressed comparitively slowly.	5
The paper provides an alternative vision of the role of metrics in research assessment, and will be of interest to policy makers, bibliometricians, and anyone interested in HEI research assessment.	5
The deviance is not severe, since the vast majority of articles from Yugoslavia in the WoS are indexed in the SCIE.	0
The number of citations received by the world's 30 top publishing countries and cities tended to edge closer to the global average.	4
A descriptive analysis was conducted, including the frequency distribution of different funding mechanisms/awards.	3
The LIS and IS-related research published from 2010 to 2019 in the considered 21 journals seem to focus on six major research areas.	5
The tool provides flexible options for analyzing and searching cited reference results, visualizing standard RPYS and Multi-RPYS outputs, and exporting graphics for later usage.	5
Face-to-face interviews were conducted in each case with the PI and a post-doctoral researcher who was core to the project.	2
Osorio, Northern Illinois University, Founders Memorial Library 04A, DeKalb, IL 60115, USA.	0
Searching the top 30-biomedical journals with the highest impact factors, we identified 4396 corresponding authors of articles that reported original research and which were published in Medline between 1 February and 31 October 2018 (see online supplementary file 3).	2
Later as junior doctors, this group significantly more often disseminate their research results at scientific conferences (adjusted OR 1.89; 95% CI 1.11 to 3.23) or in journals (adjusted OR 1.98; 95% CI 1.14 to 3.43).	4
However, this pattern became more polarised in Phase B, with the USA attracting 45.9% of all scholarly immigrants.	4
Total publications for each area of study for 348 top universities: minimum, various percentile levels, and maximum value.	0
In particular, we argue that synthesis centers represent community infrastructure more akin to research vessels than to term-funded centers of science and technology (e.g., NSF Science and Technology Centers).	5
For countries with underdeveloped higher education systems, establishing national initiatives can accelerate improvement.	5
For the experiments reported in this study, we used data from the SICRIS (www.sicris.si) database.	2
Time-oriented values showed the faster reception of scientific work via Mendeley in comparison to citation counts and revealed exceptional authors who were found to have rather young scientific ages.	4
The result is a text file of 3,5mb with 580k word tokens or 3,5 million characters.	2
Librarians require a set of regulated and legal OA policies.	5
Essentially, productivity in publication counts has increased but productivity in fractional counts has fallen, as has average publication points.	4
In other words, we have mainly the internationalized layer of the social sciences in view.	5
For the geographical distribution the items ''number of publication'' as well as the ''modified Hirsch-Index'' (h-index) were calculated and the results illustrated by Density Equalizing Map Projections (DEMPs), which were developed by Gastner and Newman [13].	3
The opening was also directed toward the social sciences and humanities, although the applications in these domains were not considered in the analysis due to the severe coverage issues of the database used to determine the bibliometric indicators and the fact that the bibliometrics are not able to represent the research practices of these scientific domains well.	2
Corresponding author: Chris Brooks, ICMA Centre, Henley Business School, University of Reading, Whiteknights, Reading RG6 6BA, UK; tel: (+44) 118 378 7809; e-mail: C.Brooks@reading.ac.uk	0
The final area we explored in the publications data was the extent to which accounting for leaves of absence could make a difference.	4
In the case studied here, BASE and GS proved to be the most effective tools, albeit complementary ones.	5
The Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), Social Science Citation Index (SSCI), and Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A & HCI) databases of the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) were considered.	2
This study sought to determine the quantity and quality of publications in AF research using large-scale scientometric data analyses.	1
The analyses cover peer reviewed research and review articles as well as two kinds of proceeding papers from conferences published 2005–2009 in (a) book series or volumes and (b) special journal issues excluding meeting abstracts cited 2005-2011 through Web of Science.	2
Classification reliability was measured by Fleiss' kappa (Table 3).	3
Our results indicate two styles of publication strategy used by these senior researchers.	4
We introduced a new topology-driven method that incorporates various network analyses including co-word network, clique percolation, weak component, pathfinding-based analysis of therapeutic groups, and detection of important drug interaction within a clique.	3
We also adopt an OLS regression to identify the equation between the ratio and the affinity of discipline pair and find a clear positive relation.	3
We find that on the basis of precision, σego has an obvious advantage compared with other network-based indicators using aggregated networks (Fig.	4
The dataset was imported into QSR International's (2014) NVivo 10 qualitative data analysis software for content analysis on the article abstracts, using a grounded theory approach.	3
All statistical tests used an alpha of 0.05 and were two-tailed.	0
We use policy document bibliometrics and social network analysis to construct a policy association network from a large sample of documents.	3
The lists of terms exemplifying each category, and threshold values, were tuned during development in 2013, and have not been adjusted since then.	0
In comparison with CPA approach, the average correlation of the proposed approach is increased by 39% with respect to gold-standard rankings.	4
The most relevant journals (y-axis) are stratified based on the number of documents (x-axis).	0
In summary, although our study does not conclusively prove cause and effect, several important correlative trends have been identified which may provide BMES, ABME?, and the BME field with insights for further closing gender-based gaps (which may also be relevant for generalized diversity).	5
We study the role of informal collaboration in academic knowledge production using published research papers previously presented and discussed at the NBER Summer Institute.	1
This research explored individual academics' attitudes, concerns and participation in the development of OA and open scholarship through in-depth interviews and revisited some open principles and designs.	5
RQ2 Did the use of adjectives and adverbs correlate with readability in scientific writing?	1
Recognition of the trends in the types of references used by prestige scientists in LIS and Legal Medicine that have been revealed in this investigation will help specialized librarians to understand how the two categories are currently evolving in order to properly manage the collection of their libraries.	5
(1) We compare the clustering solution to the reference lists of a set of publications using the Adjusted Rand Index.	3
The purpose of this study is to explore the relationship between faculty research productivity and faculty perceptions, and use, of the academic library in supporting their academic research.	1
What type of evidence is used to support impact claims?	1
The trends in this study towards greater collaboration, quantitation and the use of higher research designs are likely to reflect wider technological and social phenomena.	5
All statistical analysis was performed using R (version 4.1.2).	3
To examine the factors that influence country self-citation rate (SCR) in clinical neurology and to assess the impact of self-citation on the ranking of the top 50 countries.	1
"The Leiden Manifesto for research metrics” (Hicks et al., 2015) was published in 2015 as a comment in Nature.	2
The average growth rate is 16%, and it has stabilized in the 6–7% range in the last 25 years.	4
To be fair, I need to state that the Editor of Radiology has the highest h-index of the 3 of us.	0
This translates into an increase in Africa's share of world publications from 1.5% in 2000 to 3.5% in 2018.	4
The list of the 100 top-cited articles identifies topics that reflect changing trends in psychiatric research over the last 60 years.	5
Interestingly, although the ordering rule of credits is quite similar in Finance and thus the danger of alphabetical discrimination might be present in this field, as well, we find no evidence of strategic co-authoring for the cohort of academics in Finance.	5
The size of the nodes is proportionate to the logarithm of the fractionally counted numbers of documents.	0
Compared to other multidisciplinary journals, Nature, Science, and PNAS emphasized this area even more strongly, though the difference between the first-ranked area and the other top areas consistently decreased since 1980.	4
We hypothesized that, over recent decades, cardiothoracic (CT) surgery trainees have published fewer BSR articles.	1
Notably, in most disciplines, we observe comparably large probabilities at each end of the diagonal in transition matrices, signaling a particularly high stability of the Top and Bottom of the impact ranking over time.	4
We compare the habitus formations of two generations of German scholars before and after institutional changes gained pace in Germany.	1
Although international collaboration and OA publications have dramatically increased in recent years, Jordanian researchers should focus more on international collaboration with developed countries and on self-archiving their publications.	5
Egypt, with a total publication of 464 (19.27%) documents ranked first among Arab countries, while Kuwait University was the most productive institution with a total of 158 (6.56%) documents.	4
The median size of studied population was 540 patients with a range from 108-3138.	4
The research question that we consider is whether more is always better when counting highly cited publications.	1
Data were collected from the journal and publisher websites and e-mails to the journals asking for any additional missing data.	2
2015), to address the multiple disciplinary interactions of complex conservation problems necessary to help solve complex conservation problems.	5
This subset includes all the publications affiliated to either Russia or other post-Soviet states (except Georgia and Baltic states), starting from 1996, and also all documents that cite these publications.	2
Whatever the authorship criteria CAs adopt, to avoid conflict and potential disputes related to plagiarism, they must develop and share authorship criteria before engaging collaborators.	5
Table 4 shows the six largest nanomedicine domains identified from the sample of nanomedicine patents.	4
Only Canadian developmental psychology streams with graduate programs were included in analyses (note that some universities had two programs, such as University of British Columbia that has a developmental psychology program in the Psychology Department and a separate developmental psychology program in the Faculty of Education; both were included).	2
It is obvious that the Vilnius Gediminas Technical University is the most influential institution in this journal.	4
We strongly assert that, in contrast to the growing trend for data-driven classification techniques, the ontology structure itself should be designed primarily in a top-down expert-based manner in order to meet the principal requirements of flexibility, commensurability and temporal stability.	5
Approximately 16% of all authors may have engaged in RLM to some degree.	4
Thus, research managers should not assume that senior researchers will usually write the highest impact papers.	5
Therefore, it can be concluded that the proposed approach could be a better alternative in cases where content is unavailable.	5
This study presents a bibliometric overview of the publications in IMM between 1971 and 2017.	5
the most superior correlation is demonstrated by the factors and the indicator “The total amount of funds received (during the reporting year) from the performance of works, services related to scientific, scientific and technical, creative services and developments carried out using organisation’s own resources”	4
If award winners, compared with honorable mentions experience more substantial professional gains as a result of this early stage funding, disparities between graduate programs at the award decision stage may persist, or even amplify.	5
in this article, similar developments have taken place in Canadian universities (Polster and Newson 2015) and European universities (Maassen and Stensaker 2011).	0
Through the assigned library liaison areas of internal committee members, we gathered the CVs of faculty members and uploaded their work into our digital commons.	2
Hypothesis 2 proposed that authors' power of connection was positively associated with knowledge popularity and this hypothesis was supported at a significant level (t = 4.306, p < .01) too.	4
Increased referencing of the NYT signals increased recognition by scholars that sound knowledge is produced in diverse institutions beyond universities, which aligns with the organizational diversity said to characterize mode 2 research.	5
Commercial publishers clearly exercise control over the scope of journals and the creation of new titles, according to the interests of their companies, which are not necessarily the same as those of the scientific community or of society in general.	5
The strength of the scientific collaboration between two cities in terms of the number of co-authored papers is significantly influenced by the total publication output of organisations located in those cities; the geographical proximity; the historical, cultural and linguistic ties; and their scientific field profile [9,13].	5
Models 4.1 and 4.2 demonstrate that interdisciplinarity in the knowledge integration and multidisciplinarity in the dissemination stages significantly increases the number of articles published in high-impact journals (Coef.4.1=0.167, p<0.001; Coef.4.2=0.069, p<0.05), which is consistent with our research hypothesis H2A and H2B.	4
Not surprisingly, “Libraries and Librarianship" was the most popular at 301 papers (27 percent), followed by "Information Literacy" at 180 papers (16 percent), and "Research and Science" at 127 papers (11 percent).	4
The model applies a geometric way to understand specific aspects of collaboration behaviors and provides remarkable predictions of a range of topological and statistical features of the empirical data.	5
Hong Kong had the highest-quality research outputs in terms of mean journal impact factor and mean citation count per article.	5
Consequently, the primary objective of this study is to determine whether the choice between Altmetric.com and PlumX significantly impacts the results of alternative metrics data analyses.	1
Two samples were extracted from PubPeer: an initial sample of 32,097 threads and 65,179 posts was obtained in March 2019 and was then updated with 7,659 threads and 21,200 posts in January 2020.	2
is a parameter that will be specified shortly), then the w-index introduced by Wohlin is given by	3
Based on our search in “the Science Citation Index” in 1998–2022, the overall number of papers published in the technology field in developing countries on the mentioned dates was 6,856,384, of which 3703 articles (0.05%) were retracted.	5
The last section is a concluding section with suggestions for further research.	0
The three items rated as the most important were: (1) Knowledgeability; (2) Methodological quality and (3) Fairness.	4
In this paper we explore the transfer of non-codified knowledge through role model learning (Bandura 1986; Witt 1987, 1998, 2000) in public research, emphasizing knowledge flows from more senior to more junior researchers.	1
However, the patterns of accumulation vary across disciplines, with papers in Biomedical and Health Sciences showing the fastest accrual of extensive Mendeley readership data.	4
Citation counts and 500 one-step ego networks were extracted from this engine.	2
3A, there has been a significant increase in mobility over the two decades in our analysis.	4
To analyse both the interview transcripts and focus group transcripts, qualitative content analysis (Lieblich et al.	3
Employing a matched-peers research design, we then identified a control group of 3 non-chairholders drawn from the same department as each chair, at the same academic rank, same gender (where possible) and with similar seniority (as determined by time since obtaining PhD).	2
This result suggests that OA pre-prints and/or post-prints that are typically free of charge for authors and readers are good substitutes for paid journal OA.	5
To adjust for these factors, we match the recipients of thematic and responsive-mode grants on seven background variables, using Coarsened Exact Matching.	3
However, both metrics have several confounding factors when used individually, and should therefore be employed in a complementary fashion to obtain a better assessment of impact.	5
Nevertheless, collaborations with other regions exhibit limited engagement, indicative of untapped opportunities for expansion.	4
INO indicator is defined as a journal's share of papers from the most represented country in relation to the total number of published papers in the same journal.	3
In 2021, 1 author in 154 mentioned (de)centralization in the title or abstract of an article.	4
Here, we consider a dissimilarity measure Dcite(i, j) which decreases for every citation between papers in i and j and increases with every citation from i that is not to j (and vice versa), but that remains unchanged by the number of citations that do not involve either i or j.	3
Figure 2 shows that the Faculty of Applied Sciences and Technology (FAST) produced the highest percentage, 304 (47%), of the total number of papers produced by the university, in Google Scholar, for the period 2013–2016.	4
A comprehensive description of grants is unusual in both programmes.	4
We also thank the faculty at the Yale School of Forestry and Environmental Studies for the valuable comments on the appropriate selection of journals to measure the knowledge divide in the environmental sciences.	0
Examining over 17 million PubMed articles in a recent period of 20 years, the study affirmed authorship proliferation in the biomedical literature.	5
Our results explain and reinforce a previous finding according to which in the yearly evolution of journal rankings “the most common changes are swaps between neighbouring quartiles" (Paji? 2015, p.	5
This paper examines the pattern of referencing across genres as well as evidence of the complexity of genre intertextuality.	1
Participation in the workshop was found to lead to improved comprehension of all the key science ethics terms selected for study in this project by all participants as reflected in the participants' ability to define the key concepts at the end of the workshop.	4
In addition, RPC can appropriately discern outstanding researchers from other similar authors.	5
N21 comes from twenty-one discoveries that changes science and the world.	2
In summary, many articles cite retracted publications, with the majority of these references occurring before the retraction.	5
Citation: Han, G.; Luo, R.; Sa, K.; Zhuang, M.; Li, H.	0
Through Gephi software, the findings depict the co-authorship and bibliographic couplings of authors and their affiliated institutions and countries, co-citations of journals, and co-occurrence of author-specified keywords.	3
Data were recorded using Microsoft Excel 2010 (Microsoft Corp, Redmond, WA, USA) and analyzed using SPSS software, v 17.0 for Windows (SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL, USA).	3
The findings of this study indicate that for both countries h-index value of LIS faculties is related to number of publications and citations per publication, while mitigating the impact of a highly-cited publication.	4
The programming developed by the committee was supported by a suite of tools created to support scholarly research and publishing activity, including a statement of expectations for research credit, a journal rankings list, a research agenda template and an outline of librarian research competencies.	3
Therefore, the main objectives of the present study of the lodging literature as an industry-based subfield of hospitality are the following: identify how authorship trends have changed in the discipline over time; explore how collaboration patterns have evolved over time; identify and visualize the topologies of co-authorship networks by time period; compare co-authorship network attributes with other disciplines; visualize critical authors in the networks via clusters or research groups; and discuss how the evolution of collaboration patterns affects the building of lodging theory.	1
There was a statistically significant main effect for disciplines (F (4, 355) = 5.909, p <.001).	4
Also, perceived usefulness (PU) (β=0.27, t=2.647, p<0.05), perceived skill readiness (β=0.27, t=2.537, p<0.05), and behavioral control (β=0.381, t=2.198, p<0.0) have significant effects on pre-service teachers’ intention to use AI for IBL.	4
In 2004, Serials Solutions OpenURL links had been made available in the majority of the institution's online database collections, providing direct links to the online articles when available.	0
However, I3X and I3Y remain more or less stable in their rankings, although their values changed.	4
The expert interviews, conducted in February/March 2012, focus on open access and address scientists both in their role as authors and readers in the communication system of their discipline.	3
It should be kept in mind that data may change over time.	0
The research question we address in this paper is: What are the bibliometric and organizational factors that influence the centrality degree of university collaborative networks more?	1
More than half of the acknowledgements occur before co-authorship (68.13%) and citation (59.37%).	4
Reviewer and author groups opined that manuscript authors fail to cite seminal and topically-similar papers, while the reviewer group indicated that authors include too few papers and cite irrelevant papers.	4
We found that journals publishing basic research have a high rate of citation at two years compared with journals that concentrate on clinical research.	4
In addition, the search results were imported into Excel to merge, screen, and remove repeated records.	3
The Ulrich's Periodical Directory, Library of Congress Subject Headings retrieved from WorldCat and the LISA database were used to identify the main classes, subclasses, and subjects of citing journals.	3
Table 1 gives the variation in the number of countries involved in international collaboration by region.	0
For our main analysis we then look at the median number of pages of 557 peer reviewed monographs and 41.166 peer reviewed journal articles published by SSH scholars affiliated with one of the four universities.	2
The number or authors is an index of collaboration, which was positively and significantly correlated with the number of citations.	4
All academics' data were collected from 5th January 2013 to 25th February 2013 following the above described procedure.	2
Closeness centrality (CC) (Dangalchev, 2006) was used to reflect the centrality or central position of algorithm nodes within a group.	3
In a principal-agent relationship, the principal asks the agent to perform a task that the principal cannot or does not want to carry out themselves.	3
Most of the Iranian publications in LitCovid are related to the topic "pandemic status," with 22.47% in the prevention category, and the lowest number of publications is related to the topic “environment,” with 11.11% in the transmission category.	4
A comparison with 2015 data, where the number of paper requests by Egyptian researchers was 515,190 (Bohannon, 2016b), showed a significant increase of 2.6 times in just two years, indicating a remarkable growth rate of 163.5%.	5
The authors would like to thank Professors John Abowd and Jennifer Wissink for providing us with the student papers and to Deborah Joseph who made this logistically possible.	0
., n} and a set of publications P= {1, .	2
Because both are important measures of accuracy, their harmonic mean, the F1 score, is our preferred accuracy metric.	3
Our study suggests that the JIF is not an appropriate tool to assess the clinical relevance of medical research.	5
Female academics have a lower publication productivity than males (in accordance with Maske et al.	4
Contrary to what one might expect given the restricted conditions for conducting research and the accelerated peer-review system during the pandemic, COVID-related studies (in comparison with non-COVID or pre-COVID studies) were actually more likely to (i) use 'stronger' (i.e.	5
Received 15 February 2022; Accepted 15 April 2022; Published 25 April 2022	0
Therefore, two different approaches are applied in the present paper, the Highly Cited Papers (HCP) identification (Garfield 1977; Perez-Cabezas et al.	3
Differences of publication, experience in academic researcher, age and funding amount between different satisfaction levels were determined by nonparametric Kruskal-Wallis Test (KWT), correcting for multiple comparisons with Dunn's procedure.	3
It does so by investigating the degree of alignment between the burden of diseases in India and research efforts being undertaken in health and biomedical sciences by Indian institutions.	1
Sh has a simple interpretation: A high positive value of dh implies that the researcher has achieved a certain h with a smaller number of published papers than on average, suggesting a high impact of his or her work.	5
We found that honorary authorship occurs in the physical medicine and rehabilitation literature at rates similar to those of other specialties.	5
The REF required each staff member considered for submission to submit four outputs each [15].	0
To address this issue, signatories' author positions were taken into account.	3
Department of Information and Knowledge Management, University of Haifa, 610 Jacobs Building	0
Metadata from 156,942 psychology papers available in Scopus were analyzed using citation analysis and bibliographic mapping techniques.	2
Research publication data from 50 most productive Indian institutions, along with data for 5 major institution systems, for a period of 10 years (2008–2017), as indexed in Web of Science, is obtained as sample data and analysed.	2
Annual growth dynamics of research communities was characterized using the following power function: Y?(t)=X(t)??	3
A quarter of ECRs shifted their research focus to pandemic-related topics and half of those who did, benefited largely due to increased productivity and impact.	4
The Web of Science (WoS) is one of the major bibliometric databases (together with Google Scholar and Scopus) and includes all scientific subjects.	2
2008), is adopted to test research hypotheses proposed in the study.	3
Brokerage opportunities and collaborators' geographical diversity are associated with a country's research impact (c=211.320 and 244.527, respectively; p<0.01) and innovation (c=18.819 and 30.850, respectively; p<0.01).	4
“Contributorship" refers to a movement to formally document the nature of each researcher's contribution to a project.	1
10, the application of nano-luminescent materials in light-emitting display is the most.	4
The work tasks described in author contribution statements and acknowledgments sections of research articles published in Nature Chemical Biology were classified according to a three-layered taxonomy: core layer; middle layer; outer layer.	3
Therefore, this section only mentions the major points about performance calculations, and further details can be found in the earlier studies.	0
There was no Spearman correlation between the number of articles published- in a journal and its JIF.	4
The publication years spanned from 1968 to 2008, with the 2000s accounting for half (25) of the articles and the highest mean citation density (14.6).	4
In this respect, this study contributes to the field of TM by clarifying its identity by empirically and quantitatively capturing the relationships between TM and other relevant disciplines.	5
The strongest single metric to model local downloads of a journal is local citation, how often a journal is cited by authors within that institution.	5
Next, we downloaded article citation data from Elsevier’s Scopus (https://www.scopus.com) for all BMS articles published between 2010 and 2016 (n = 368), which included years of publication, article DOIs, and total numbers of citations to date (January 11, 2017).	2
Lastly, in this study, it was observed that a high number of distinct co-authors stands out as the leading factor affecting the possibility of possessing brokerage roles.	5
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
However, in middle-income countries, citation rates are substantially lower for diseases most prevalent in low- and middle-income countries.	4
This article introduces year-based h-indices as a tool to produce easy-to-use research overviews.	1
Journals which did not have an impact factor were excluded as a method of quality control [10,11].	2
The other—and possibly more important—troublesome aspect concerns its lack of transparency, being built using an unknown algorithm, which seems to go beyond the disclosed weighting scheme.	5
All of the APCs were normalized and converted to a US dollars exchange rate.	3
In this study, we collect scientific documents in the field of oncology between the period 2007-2016 from PMC database.	2
Following previous studies on other disciplines (Yan and Ding, 2009; Li et al., 2013; Uddin et al., 2013; Abbasi et al., 2014), I compute a number of network centrality measures and estimate their impact on the total citations (net of self-citations) received in each year by Italy-based tenured academic economists.	3
The most frequent keyword related to COVID-19 is mental health.	5
For the classification of reasons for retraction, the categories along with potential phrases suggested in the previous study by this author (Elango, 2021) have been adopted: (1) Plagiarism—including self-plagiarism (2) Duplicate Publication-redundant publication (3) Fake data—including data fabrication and falsification (4) Fake review process—manipulation in peer-review (5) Others—reasons other than the above four categories (6) Unknown—retraction notices without clear reason.	3
Mendeley reader counts were extracted from the Mendeley API from 20 November 2014 to 18 December 2014.	2
In addition, this study uses a web-based version of Textom (textom.co.kr) for data cleaning and analyses.	3
The second measure of citation advantage refers to whether articles were cited at all, by individuals other than the authors, during the first 2 years after publication (i.e.	3
The use of one or the other method depends on the researchers election but the results may be the same.	0
The tensions resulting from different motivations can affect methodological and cultural aspects of scientific knowledge production, and thus the validity of results.	5
reputation, quality indicators, and role of OAMJ in the scholarly communication landscape), operational [e.g.	1
As a verification of the proposed method, a Monte Carlo simulation was performed.	3
In the main text, we report results based on m = 8, corresponding to 14,726 scientists who authored at least 16 papers.	2
In our simulations, we used sample sizes ranging from 100 to 280, in steps of 20 (i.e., 100, 120, 140..., 280).	2
The authors wish to thank every anonymous referee for important insightful comments and suggestions.	0
First, the share of newcomer organizations across all career events combined is significantly higher in North America compared to Europe not only during the catch-up period (1920s to 1940s) but also during the hegemonic period (1970s to 1990s).	4
The study's main aim was to gain in-depth understanding of how nurse scholars engage with electronic theses and dissertations.	1
Individually, each case report in 2015-2016 was cited an average of 0.86 times ± 1.4 [0-13] in 2017.	4
Next, the work focuses on the strategy that the Spanish National Research Council’s repository DIGITAL.CSIC is implementing to collect a rich set of statistics and other metrics that are useful for repository administrators, researchers and the institution alike.	1
The four specifications in Table 2 demonstrate that the citations-curve relationship is robust and economically significant.	4
Results show that researchers from North America and Sub-Saharan Africa, particularly female ones, have the lowest, respectively, highest tendency towards international mobility.	4
Utilizing a unique dataset and the difference-in-difference econometric technique, we were able to identify the potential causal effect of open access on journal CiteScores.	5
Our proposed Wikiometrics ratings were able to obtain highly correlative results with established and widely-accepted rankings.	5
Table 3 lists the top 20 most productive research institutions in the field of SVM in China, Chinese Academy of Sciences with 1509 publications is in the first place, followed by Zhejiang University, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, Tsinghua University and Harbin Institute of Technology.	4
This viewpoint considers open bibliometrics from the perspective of relational bibliometric analysis.	1
For the present study, we examined 33 natural science subfields (see Table 2) in the fields of (i) biology, (ii) chemistry, (iii) earth & environmental sciences, (iv) mathematics & statistics, and (v) physics & astronomy.	2
On the other hand, sh might be a useful supplement to h in view of its conceptual simplicity and the fact that it should, by construction, be weakly correlated with h.	5
The Kolmogorov-Smirnov (KS) experiments show that the data of the two variables in three conferences are skewed distribution (p < .001).	3
Hodge et al. 2012; Ho 2014; Martinez et al. 2015b for Social Work), in fields where books are seen as important, Google Scholar (GS) may be preferable to databases that focus solely on journals such as Thomson ISI/WoS (Baneyx 2008; Levine-Clark and Gil 2009).	2
Accordingly, we obtained citation counts from Google Scholar for another 35.5 percent.	2
Results reveal outstanding topic-related scholar performance assessment properties compared to raw citation count indicators, such as H-index, author citations, and cited-by counts (i.e., total number of citing authors).	4
In our opinion, low funding rates underlie a transition from “eustress”, the positive stress state associated with healthy fair competition for limited resources, to “distress”, the negative destructive stress state, in many countries.	5
We selected the 668 journals that were considered to potentially publish neuroimaging articles.	2
Our conceptual exercise can be useful for policy makers in three different ways.	5
As such, I used the non-parametric Mann-Whitney-Wilcoxon test to compare the groups' normalised 3-year citations for significant differences.	3
when the “main scientist” has worked on different, sometimes overlapping, subfields.	1
Figura 1 Producción científica y media de citas / artículo por área temática.	0
Most of the results reported here were derived from a subset of 2,375 articles retracted due to misconduct within a database of 4,449 retracted scholarly articles.	2
2) display surprising trends, especially when looking at the last decade, where NRPRs are often lower or equivalent in SS and AH to NSE and BIOMED.	4
Second, all the metrics are positively correlated, although the correlation varies among metrics.	4
The analysis of RI and RE frameworks across 16 European countries showed the existence of a variety of approaches to RI and RE promotion and implementation.	4
Preprint servers have played an important role in disseminating research during this crisis (Fig.	5
1, 2) was that the structure of the phrases/ terms is very similar between the cited and the citing documents.	0
Diminished productivity is less evident when the number of AER-equivalent pages is used instead.	4
We download the query results as plain texts and we use Open-Refine, a data cleaning software [29], to clean different labels including keywords, authors, and affiliations.	3
In the “Con- clusions" section, our major findings and results are emphasised and concluded upon.	0
In this paper, we focus on international mobility, due to its growing pervasiveness and political importance (Glanzel et al.	1
To make it more intuitive, we adopted the opposite of assortativity, disassortativity, which quantifies the extent to which dissimilar faculty members collaborate with each other.	3
Adopting a case study methodology, the main aim of this paper is to investigate the extent of citations received by a hijacked marketing journal from marketing journals indexed in Clarivate Analytics' Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI).	1
Last, lexical density is calculated by the ratio of lexical items (i.e., nouns, verbs, adjectives, and adverbs) to the total number of words (Lu, 2011).	3
The training of junior scholars on proper codes of research (and publishing) conduct should be embraced by all disciplines, not just by biomedical fields where the perception of misconduct is high.	5
Following these observations, we reduce the dimensionality of this initial space by embedding it into a low-dimensional space via the tSNE algorithm [49, 50] (see Methods).	3
We apply a measure – known as the association strength – that determines the relatedness between a pair of focal publications by normalizing the co-occurrence frequency of the references they make (in the case of bibliographic coupling) or the references they receive (in the case of co-citation analysis).	3
Frequency distribution of DC, BC, and CC pairs according to ages (x) and spans (y).	0
Moreover, this study examined the heterogeneity in the peer effects of returnee scientists concerning the absorptive capacity of local scientists and the adaptation of the returnees.	1
From the original WoS database a selection of articles was carried on adopting as criteria: articles in English, published in WoS SSCI indexed journals over the period 2010–2015, having Economics as scientific subject according WoS Subject classification, and at least one author affiliated to a Portuguese institution.	2
The data was further found to partially support the classical bibliometrics laws of Zipf, and Bradford's.	4
The NIH Open Citation Collection (iCite et al., 2019) was used to retrieve citation relations between the publications in each set.	2
TAGLIACOZZO, R., Citations and Citation Indexes: A Re- view, Methods of Information in Medicine, 6:136 (1967).	0
Six publication indicators were utilized based on the work by Hsu and Ho [50], alongside six corresponding IF contributing indicators (CN), in order to conduct a comparative analysis among the top 11 most prolific countries in Injury (Table 2).	3
Building on prior research on the importance of univalent attitudes in predicting behaviour, we find those who have either strong positive or negative views of the list are more extensive users than those who are ambivalent.	4
The remaining responses from 113 respondents were analysed.	2
Three questions guide our inquiry: (1) Where do Canadian geographers publish journal articles, with what frequency, and how has this changed over time?	1
The aim of this study is to identify the worldwide trends in rural depopulation scientific production over time in the main levels of analysis: sources, authors and documents.	1
A two-sample Wilcoxon rank-sum (Man-Whitney) test was performed to assess whether statistical differences exist in the ranks of two independent samples.	3
In total, our sample includes 2439 accepted peer-reviewed papers.	2
CMRO peer reviewers on this manuscript have no relevant financial or other relationships to disclose.	0
Figure 1 shows the average and maximum citation counts for papers arranged by year since their publication.	4
Our results indicate that active nanotechnologies are steadily emerging both in scientific and commercial domains.	5
This manipulation exploits trusted relationships between various actors: publishers, the Crossref metadata registration agency, digital libraries, and bibliometric platforms.	1
This study aims to address the relationship between funding and Usage Count, which is a new metrics item established on the platform of Web of Science.	1
Finally, we employed data visualization techniques to represent and communicate complex relationships and patterns within the papers.	3
(1) is a particular case of the well-known Shannon diversity (or true diversity) index D(q) (Jost, 2006), which measures the effective number of types in a distribution.	3
It found that national higher education initiatives have a significant positive impact on universities' rankings by improving 12.1 to 17.7 places in QS and ARWU rankings respectively.	4
The purpose of this paper is to investigate and quantify the robustness of the h-index to dirty input data (Hernández and Stolfo 1998; Kim et al.	1
In this study, we used position generator to measure scientists' ego-centered social networks.	3
On the contrary, the IF of pediatric journals was inversely correlated with their SCR.	5
Do items that receive higher numbers of clicks in search engine result pages have higher rates of citations than other items?	1
To answer RQ2, the percentile-based approach was introduced.	3
Research questions addressed in this study are as follows: 1.	1
The APS data-set (website: journals.aps.org/datasets) is a citation network data-set that is composed by papers in the field of physics organized by the American Physical Society.	2
At this point, the metrics-defined can be used to answer the main question of this paper, namely what is the performance decay (if any) when providing inputs in PDF format compared to other, more structured, formats?	0
We find that countries adopt very different approaches to reach similar goals and thus bring into question appealing but simplistic ideas of 'excellence' as an agreed concept.	4
We included full journal articles (see Table C in S1 File) only and did not account for letters, reviews, conference papers, books or other publications.	2
The goal of the present study was to better understand the current state of scholarly work in otolaryngology training.	1
The Retraction Watch Database was searched for all retracted publications in the subject category "Radiology/ Imaging" (no beginning date limit, search update until April 27, 2022).	2
Specifically, we selected one baseline algorithm, naive Bayes, and two high-performing algorithms, linear support vector machines (SVMs) and Bayesian logistic regression, as have been previously employed (18).	3
The corpus of the articles was analyzed using SPSS to calculate the simple frequency of articles published in predatory and HEC recognized journals and also create a graph to show the highest tendency of predatory publication in several disciplines.	3
We find that even with the institution-specific discounts resulting from bundled purchases, the prices per citation charged to large PhD-granting universities by major commercial publishers are much higher than those charged by major nonprofit publishers.	5
A total of 28,670 documents were analyzed: 76.34% (n = 21,887) were articles; 13.88% (n = 3981), reviews; and 9.77% (n = 2802), letters.	4
The researchers who published in open access journals cite, on average, a greater amount of gray literature than the researchers who publish in closed access journals (Z(U) = 8.152; p < 0.0001).	4
To count citations that books receive in articles and in other books, and then compare publisher rankings based on citations against scholars' subjective assessments, I first compiled a list of all publishers with a booth at the 2010 APSA Annual Meeting plus any other publisher listed in Garand and Giles (2011).	2
Figure 1 shows that the automatic innovative-idea extraction method consists of the following four steps: 1) Extracting N-grams from each abstract using POS Tagger, provided by the Stanford Natural Language Processing Group; 2) Excluding noise based on a stop-word corpus, extended from the work of Liu and others (2015), and excluding N-grams not included in move P or move M; 3) Combining two N-grams if necessary; 4) Checking the extracted N-gram candidates using the Scopus?	3
The articles by influential authors are cited more due to their centrality ranking.	1
Our figures confirm observations that scientists present themselves online, but less-established ones seem to find less-supportive environments in academic institutions.	5
We conduct a general analysis of the use of qualitative comparative analysis (QCA), and a bibliometric study of the use of QCA to analyze the specificities of the research publications that apply this methodology.	1
This study investigates the perceived importance of the success factors and the actual performance of institutional repositories worldwide.	1
This paper analyses factors that affect the funding of agricultural research projects by regional governments and other regional public authorities.	1
After that, we will present the results of our study on the evolution of publications by date, publication journals, collaboration networks between authors and institutions, and research topics (Section 4).	0
Rankings made up of Shanghai ranking data become several times more robust through weighting than rankings consisting of random numbers.	4
It is possible to conclude that the most important factor (%39) is the acceptance rates of journals (×7) in the journal selection problem.	4
This research takes advantage of the semistructured funding acknowledgments information provided in the SCI of the ISI WoS.	2
The extraction includes records up to the end of 2019, which allows fairly reliable study of all years up to and including 2018.	2
In this paper, CNA was applied to the evolving field of logistics and supply chain management education.	1
The performance of each scholar was represented by 11 metrics consisting of several outputs of fundamental and applied research and citation metrics.	1
This is also confirmed by the distribution of the number of visited universities; on the other side, if we focus on the number of visited countries, we can observe that an important portion of paths just remain in a single state (see the Figure 2 in the SI).	0
The network-based approach to measure similarity in co-occurrence data is to first transfer the co-occurred entities into a clique.	3
The command needs the following bibliometric data on the paper level as input variables for generating the report: 1) publication year; 2) document type; 3) name of first author; 4) number of co-authors; 5) journal title; 6) title of paper; 7) volume; 8) issue; 9) first page; 10) country codes of authors' affiliations; 11) number of countries with which the authors are affiliated; 12) citation counts; 13) paper percentile2?; and 14) journal percentile.2?	2
Specifically, after the data disambiguation and mapping of the entire dataset of US's government-funded utility patents during 1980-2020, some informetric technologies, including the collaboration network analysis, diversity measurement indicators, and science overlap mapping, are implemented to depict the picture of government-funded innovation schemes, from the perspectives of the leading government agencies, the promotor-recipient relationship, and the common concerns of different participants.	3
In order to make a fair comparison among multiple ranking lists with different degrees of coverage, we appropriated Aguillo et al.'s (2010) methodology for calculating the similarity among two rankings.	3
The method is not designed to be used at the individual level where bibliographic information cannot be used alone to understand individual contributions to scientific work.	5
It contains 4,107,340 papers in computer science and 36,624,464 citations from 1961 to 2019.	2
For the second research question, we will compare the correlations between (a) each stated preference metric and an appropriate unweighted citation metric, and (b) each stated preference metric and an appropriate weighted citation metric.	3
Logan Williams was an Honours Student in the Psychology Department of the University of Canterbury.	0
This paper investigates whether complementarity or substitutability emerges when different types of funding are used.	1
The mean of the Spearman's rank correlation coefficient was calculated to be 0.81 (95% CI 0.72–0.92).	4
More than twice the percentage of biostatistics programs required an ethics course compared with statistics programs.	5
The study finds that: (1) The NQPKE shows a wave-like development trend, and the polarization or multi-polarization state of the whole and the four major regions has been slowly weakened, with a certain degree of “club convergence” and “spatial spillover”; (2) The overall situation of barriers to NQPKE is relatively stable, the insufficient investment in scientific and technological development and weak technological innovation capacity are the most critical factors constraining the NQPKE in various countries.	4
We used a probit model to model the probability for future excellence in research (Greene 2012).	3
VOSviewer 1.6.16 software was applied to generate a network map to assess hot topics in this area and determine the collaboration patterns between different countries.	3
What are the evolving trends of scientific collaboration in terms of social stratification and geographic separation?	1
I present the controversy over the trackback feature as a case study of how blog discourse can confound the distinction between permanent and ephemeral communication.	1
Figure 3: Yearly Citation Distribution of HIB3-[Romans], their AW and ACs	0
The database chosen for this research has been the Web of Science (WoS; https://clarivate.com/webofsciencegroup/ solutions/web-of-science/) Core Collection due to its importance in bibliometric analysis (Archambault et al., 2009; Gorraiz & Schloegl, 2008).	2
We find no significant evidence of anchoring in either the Overall (A = 0.50, p = 0.61) or Evaluation category (A = 0.49, p = 0.61).	4
In contrast to traditionally produced rankings, this methodology therefore preserves diversity amongst institutions in a HE sector.	5
This study aimed to identify and analyze the characteristics of COVID-19 publications in the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED) published by Latin Americans in 2020.	1
European scholars appear to give preference to linguistically proximate partners over geographical neighbours.	4
Based on previous literature on retracted publications (13–16), the presence of any of the following reasons was considered as scientific misconduct: duplication, plagiarism, falsification or fabrication of data, images or results, ethical violations by author, lack of Institutional Review Board/ Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee approval, forged authorship, fake peer review (recommending a fake reviewer during the peerreview process), and rogue editor (fraudulent editor, i.e.	3
VOSviewer software, developed by van Eck, NJ. and Waltman, L. for viewing bibliometric maps [21], was used to analyze the status of scientific collaborations between authors and journals, and keywords’ co-occurrence in the vaccine research of COVID-19.	3
The first set only contains the papers for which all authors are manually disambiguated [24].	2
In this modified model, norms were found to have a stronger effect than attitudes in explaining the habit to submit OA.	4
The findings of the present article have raised structural viewpoints of COVID-19 documents in Iran to guide and provide practical solutions to researchers, planners, and policymakers, and demonstrated different aspects of Iranian publications on COVID-19.	5
To conduct the evaluation of departments the individual scientific output of 1385 staff members working in the fields of political science, sociology and marketing is first determined with the aid of the 'Publish or Perish' software based on the Google Scholar database.	3
Received: 10 August 2017; Accepted: 27 September 2017; Published: 29 September 2017	0
Our LIS classification is based on Tuomaala et al. (2014) and provides a tool for organizing and interpreting findings without an atheoretical selection and naming of topical clusters to represent LIS quite typical in scientometric analyses.	3
Seriya Khimicheskaya (Russian Chemical Bulletin) was carried out using international databases of scientific citation Web of Science and Scopus.	1
In order to deal with this unequal distribution and to compare different segments of professional practice, I decided to analyse the bibliometric methods by the five largest “dedicated” organizations (CWTS, NIFU, TR/ Clarivate, VQR, CSIC) separately from the rest of the “other” bibliometric experts.	3
The general research question investigated in the present paper is the following: what types of results will be produced by an evaluation based on the g-index, what differences and/or similarities will it detect within the population of departments and, finally, how does such a simplified appraisal compare to the results obtained in the national evaluation?	1
Collaborative efforts by experts in IT, database searching, and informatics optimizes the query design of VIVO Harvester for retrieving accurate citations in PubMed compared to an IT-only design (Eldredge et al., 2015).	5
In terms of concepts used in titles (without the terms used in the selection of documents) the three fields show much higher degree of similarity than it was the case with references and the authors (Table 2).	4
Article citation counts at 12 months were abstracted through the Scopus API on May 1, 2019.	3
DBpedia is a collaborative effort to extract structured content from Wikipedia.	2
We arrived at a set of 30t journals for collecting an article set of 1,514 articles.	2
Only Italian sociologists cited at least 10 times (citation frequency ≥10) were included.	2
1 The growth in the hg- index as a function of h and g	0
The different types of influence in a network are usually described with various cen- trality analyses, through: degree centrality, eigenvector centrality, closeness centrality and betweenness centrality (see Table III).	3
Our results revealed several methodological shortcomings in radiology animal research.	5
Table 1 suggests at least three different categories of countries, in regard to the propensity of their patents to cite ISI-indexed SNPRs.	4
In the present context only the results of INFROSS and DISISS that may have a bearing upon the question of the internationality of social science knowledge are considered.	0
The paper focuses on the production of scientific papers for a wide range of countries during the period 2003–2016.	1
This paper empirically investigates the open access effect on the CiteScore of journals.	5
Cite this article as: Mansour AM, Mollayess GE, Habib R, Arabi A, Medawar WA.	0
This study traces the University of North Carolina at Charlotte's recent work developing and advocating for an open access policy, offering a framework other research institutions can follow as later adopters.	1
A considerable portion of Indian research is communicated through foreign journals, and the most active one is Environmental Monitoring and Assessment journal.	4
The total sample consisted of 37,462 research publications.	2
The power-law correlation between domestic collaborative articles and the CBP is highly significant t(1, 31) = 7.97, p < 0.001.	4
Putin proclaimed that the fraction of Russian research publications indexed by Web of Science in 2015 has to be greater than 2.44 %.	4
Information on all publications used in the present examples, including titles, can be found in the list of references at the end this work.	0
At best, these remarks suggest a way of posing the question.	0
This research could help academic researchers, industrial companies, and policymakers in developing innovation strategies.	5
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data used in the paper and its Supporting Information files are archived in the Dryad Digital Repository (https://doi.org/10.5061/dryad.6jn86.2 and https:// doi.org/10.5061/dryad.mh189).	0
The comparison reveals different structure between papers that have high-impact and those that were desk-rejected.	5
This research makes it possible to rank journals according to their estimated impact.	0
We estimate four different models: A basic OLS regression model, an OLS regression using the natural log of citations as the dependent variable, which accounts for skewness in the citation distribution, a negative binomial regression (NBR) model, where citations are interpreted as counts and an OLS regression using the inverse hyperbolic sine (IHS or asinh) transformation of citations, similar to log transformation, as proposed by Burbidge, Magee, and Robb (1988) and put forward recently by Card and DellaVigna (2020) in a citation analysis.	3
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Searches using the above keywords resulted in 3,450 references in GS, 917 in Scopus and 123 in WoS.	4
The paper was the most frequently used document type comprising 96% of the total production, followed distantly by reviews (10, 2.0%).	0
The upper right portion of the map is primarily comprised of automotive and metal-mechanical-related technology groups.	4
Business School, University of Shanghai for Science and Technology, Shanghai 200093, People's Republic of China	0
According to the number of pages, at a general level, we can easily get that 52.86% papers are equal to or less than 10 pages.	4
We conduct an independent cluster validation study on published clustering solutions of a research testbed corpus, the Astro dataset of publication records from astronomy and astrophysics.	1
By pointing to the similarities between ARWU-GRAS, QS and PageRank, we meant to demonstrate the reliability and validity of our approach.	5
All paper mill papers retracted from 1 January 2004 to 26 June 2022 were included in the study.	2
The author then added all 131 institutions to an Excel file and assigned a random number between 0 and 200 using the RAND function.	2
All universities show commitment to open access, and several can be described as proactive as they tie it to different types of local incentives.	4
A search carried out in April 2014 in the ‘‘Topic’’ field on the Web of Science ‘‘All Databases Search’’, basic search option, for ‘‘BC’’ OR ‘‘B.C.’’ OR ‘‘BCE’’ OR ‘‘B.C.E.’’ with time-span limited to 2004–2013, resulted in 66,616, 64,907, 1,362 and 700 items respectively.	2
FIGURE 1 Published articles on implant dentistry, and those that received funding (since 2008)	0
Between 1900 and 2016 a total of 6763 articles on immigration were retrieved and analyzed.	2
Parts of the research underlying this paper have been carried out within a joint European project 'Innovation Systems and European Integration' funded by the Targeted Socio-Economic Research (TSER) program of the European Commission (DG XII) (contract no.	0
Contrarily, the positive correlation of the Betweenness centrality means that authors connected to sparse networks but in which he/she has a central and relevant position increases positively his/her research impact.	4
The search criteria in Scopus was limited to documents in BMA with the keyword innovation (or innovación) published as articles, conference papers, book chapters or books by at least one (co)author from Latin American.	2
This study's objective was to measure the extent of knowledge and attitudes towards plagiarism among undergraduate medical students in India.	1
The Publons platform provides integrated information on researchers, peer reviewers, publications and certain author metrics.	1
These results acted as a driving force for the work reported in this paper.	0
For each scientist we compared their actual NSF and NIH funding for 2000–2010 to the amount of funding predicted by simulation of the proposed system, and we found that the two were correlated with Pearson R = 0.268 and Spearman p = 0.300 (Fig.	4
Let us define a successful paper as a highly cited paper according to the above definition by WoS?, and let us assess scientists by a # of highly cited papers.	3
6 out of 31 journals indexed in “Medical Laboratory Technology” category were excluded (unsuitable or unavailable instructions).	2
Decadal human cases of infection documented in Vibrio outbreaks was 871119, 324323 and 6364070 persons in 1990–1999, 2000–2009, and 2010–2019 respectively (Fig.	4
Finally, the positive significant correlation result between actors' power diversity metric measured by PTDI and their productivity and performance reveals that actors' social capital (having connection to high performance partners) is an important factor that helps them to achieve high performance and productivity as well.	4
Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.	0
Research on curare decreased however, due to the declining attention towards this muscle relaxant.	5
El ACP permite mapear la estructura intelectual de un dominio específico, por medio del conteo y análisis de las co-ocurrencias de palabras contenidas en unidades bibliográficas como artículos académicos, ponencias, capítulos de libros, entre otros.	3
In the present framework, the flexibility of idea circulation is conceptualized as the predictability of papers' future impact ranking based on their past ranking.	3
The difference between WCI prior to and post retraction were tested using the Wilcoxon Pairs Test.	3
To obtain the information for the variable CBP of each paper we used a citation window of 6 years to + 6 for each article.	2
Relative citation rates were greater for papers for which UCT shared international co-authorship than for papers with UCT-only or domestic co-authorship.	4
In order to identify what aspects of international research collaborations are the most pertinent to systematically manage at individual and institutional levels, this paper investigates projects in a bilateral Swedish–Chinese funding program.	1
The Kruskal-Wallis test, which was significant at the 0.05 level, indicated notable differences in the innovation performance of the five sectors.	4
Correlations with the emotional exhaustion and depersonalization scales of the MBI were 0.34 and 0.31, respectively, supporting construct validity.	4
For reasons of space, we leave the discussion of new forms of technical complementarity to a separate paper.	0
However the percentage of trustees connected to science-based corporations remained the same.	4
Here, we rely on patent applications from EPO only to ensure that all patents in specific annual cohorts have been subject to identical legal and administrative procedures and that data are comparable.	2
The experimental results show that the more accurate impact factor and immediacy index can be obtained when the updated indexing method and lookup tables are used.	5
The results were then pooled to form the master list of this study.	0
Thus we altogether obtain 2,583 papers, including 2,496 from the Core collection of WoS, 42 from Google Scholar, 39 from Nowak's review paper, and 6 from Axelrod's homepage.	2
Our study employs a bibliometric analysis to uncover the evolving trends within immunonutrition and cancer research across the past 25 years.	1
Thus, drawing communities of bibliographical use, we find an interesting dichotomy between rich countries on the one hand, which are associated with papers cited in broad communities, including topical and methodological fields and poor and developing countries on the other hand, which are associated with papers cited mainly in relation to their natural geography, health and climatic risks in the literature.	4
The findings highlight data resources as a pivotal driver of methodological evolution in LIS, revealing a cyclical pattern of "emergence-stability/practical application" in the development of research methods within the field.	4
We thank Ludo Waltman for helpful comments on a previous version of the manuscript.	0
The Press uses Agora Pulse, a social media management platform, to monitor our social media marketing, and the reporting system has enabled us to extract useful analysis of past activities to inform strategic planning of future activities.	2
The gross heterogeneity of Central Asia needs to be minimized by nurturing and mentoring potentially upcoming researchers in publication, peer reviewing as well as in ethics involved.	5
In 2013-2014, only 18% of statistics and 45% of biostatistics doctoral degree programs required students to take such a course.	4
non-TS) correspond, on average, to variations in the collaboration behavior of scientists.	3
The authors regret that in the Data accessibility section, a wrong link to the dataset for full replication of their study was reported.	0
Hierarchical clustering analysis combines cases into homogeneous clusters gradually and reduces the number of clusters step by step until only one cluster is left (Yim and Ramdeen 2015).	3
(2017) as a reference and introduces the index of normalized citations, which can be calculated by equation (2).	3
The collaboration of authors in SBUMS is almost good but the international collaboration is not so.	5
The cocitation matrix will be furnished upon request through email (C047BUM@SEMOVM.SEMO.EDU).	0
The results show that even after introducing these as explanatory factors, the PSWE factors were still strongly associated with future bibliometric performance (Table 5).	4
Mean citation numbers were used to rank the studies, due to differences in the results among the 3 citation indexes.	3
This study aims at filling this gap across all biomedical research areas by providing a reliable estimate of the time from the moment a new manuscript is drafted and ready for submission to the moment it is actually published.	1
Accordingly, production and circulation of knowledge has been increasingly featured by different circuits of recognition and opposite evaluative cultures with three main orientations: one mostly attached to international standards, another one developed within the regional circuit, and the third one focused on the local realm.	5
Because international collaboration is positively correlated to research performance, findings can inform science policy aimed at increasing the representation of female top performers.	5
An empirical question is then to know if these publishing habit variables explain and replace the cohort effects.	0
808 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—April 2014	0
Data were stored in an Excel spreadsheet and were analyzed using cross-tabulations, queries, and qualitative assessment of relevant journal content.	3
For that reason, “I don’t see us reaching the top of a hill and now rushing to the bottom.	0
The grey shading indicates how strongly the element loads on the third dimension.	0
A well-known piece of public software, namely Publish or Perish (http://www.	3
The purpose of this study was to examine the impact of distributing article links in a cross-publisher recommendations network on article saves on Mendeley.	1
Aiming to better understand evergreens in particular and patterns of citation trajectory in general, this paper develops a functional data analysis method to cluster citation trajectories of a sample of 1699 research papers published in 1980 in the American Physical Society (APS) journals.	1
publishers, and the institutional or organizational affiliations of authors or publications	3
Forest cover data were obtained from the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) of the United Nations (FAO, 2020).	2
We define an author's fame as the count of her high citation percentile papers; the more home runs that an author writes, the more famous she is defined to be.	3
We address this question in the context of bibliometric indices that aim to assess the scientific impact of individual researchers by counting their number of highly cited publications.	1
Edited by Dean Keith Simonton, University of California, Davis, CA, and accepted by the Editorial Board September 26, 2015 (received for review July 11, 2015)	0
This paper is about the outputs selected by UK researchers for a series of cyclical assessments and the ways in which the pattern of distribution by document type and by year within each census period changed in successive cycles.	1
The study intends to propose a new method of modifying the document co-citation analysis (DCA) by using the text-similarity defining approach of latent semantic analysis (LSA).	5
The increasing trend of aggregate IF for the EM category was significant.	4
Then (according to JCR internal algorithms), in a journal list sorted by impact factor, Q1 journals are those from #1 to [N/4], Q2 from [N/4]+1 to [N/2], Q3 from [N/2]+1 to [3N/4] and Q4 from [3N/4]+1 to N.	3
The level of variability of performance within individual universities is greater than the variability between them, indeed, the between component accounts only for 40 percent.	4
We investigate how different factors affect the role transition of scientific knowledge, considering the two primary levels—transition pace and transition possibility.	1
The purpose of this study is to identify research themes represented by the title words drawn from proceedings presented at the four primary IS conferences over a 10-year period and to describe the emergence and development of those themes over that time.	1
Thanks for support on the project are due to James G.	0
However, as the JIFs increase, the gap between univ 3 and the others becomes greater and greater.	4
The findingsreveal that high-quality publications usually appear irregular citation curves (wave-type and sleeping-beauty) and high-impact publications tend to show regular ones (lognormal-type, exponential-type, polynomial-type).	5
To compare the cost-effectiveness of journal bundles, we need measures of the content of the individual journals in each bundle.	3
One could further group these factors into intrinsic and extrinsic motivations that might affect a researcher's decision to collaborate with another researcher.	0
Therefore, this paper develops a fuzzy distance-based method for determining evaluators' weights (WE = {wiE, i = 1,...,p}) to achieve maximum consensus between all evaluators.	3
The Journal of Sustainable Tourism stands out with 130 articles published on the subject (10.33%), well ahead of the journal Sustainability in the second position with 102 articles published.	4
Since access to the complete Twitter stream is expensive, we used the 1% sample stream that is provided by Twitter (https://dev.twitter.com/streaming/ reference/get/statuses/sample) to create a sample collection of tweets.	2
To clarify the effectiveness of our proposed method for measuring originality, we also analyzed 3757 papers published in the journal of informetrics (JOI), journal of information science (JIS), information processing & management (IPM), Scientometrics and journal of the association for information science and technology (JASIST) between 2014 and 2018.	2
Practically, an important contribution of the current paper is to introduce the Granger causal inference method to the field of Information Science.	5
We show how libcitation counts operationalize it in terms of intuitive notions of fame.	1
After applying the proposed framework to the 47 definitions, we find that 79% contain five or more elements of the definitions (Fig 7), which implies significant robustness of the proposed framework.	4
Both social and institutional-type proximity are associated with international connectivity.	5
And, these adjustment costs can plausibly explain the RFA premium, whereby RFA grants tend to be larger that their open counterparts.	5
According to Merton (1965), scientists build their research on the shoulders of giants, the great scientists of the past.	0
two text corpora, consisting of over 38,000 records from Scopus.	2
Utilizing OJS in partnerships between libraries and content creators enhances the relevancy of the library and subject-area librarians while promoting greater access to agricultural information.	5
Our data sources include Web of ScienceTM Core Collection (hereinafter “WoS”) and InCites Benchmarking & Analytics? (hereinafter “InCites”), a platform launched by Clarivate, offering indicators built upon the publications metadata in the WoS4.	2
This indicates that an increase of monographs' weight in the publication indicator would hardly affect funding distribution at the regional level.	4
Cancers that tend to have high numbers of mutations, such as melanoma and smoking-induced lung cancer, respond well to immunotherapies, whereas those with fewer mutations, such as pancreatic cancer, do not.	1
The optimal normalization scale factors (d) were 299 and 30,109.	4
We provide quantitative and fundamental confirmation that common beliefs in the scientific community represented by five hypotheses do not apply to all fields equally.	5
All in all, these results show that there is no correlation between the number of authors and their role in the network.	4
We use data from the NETWISE II study, a national survey of academic faculty in four disciplines: biology, biochemistry, civil engineering, and mathematics.	2
As a result of our case study, we identified low-impact and high-impact publication strategies used by Mexican researchers, which in turn can be used for designing long-term strategies for researchers.	4
These statistics were calculated with the Excel plug-in XLStat 2008, while the network indicators were worked out using Gephi 8.0.	3
We also find that coefficient After is significantly positive in all definitions of predatory publications.	4
We found that the editors of Polish journals do not discuss the challenges of internationalization, and implement only those internationalization practices that are explicitly required in the system regulations.	4
In this benchmark analysis of RCR among academic ROs, we found a strong correlation between having a PhD, a longer academic career duration, an academic rank of associate or full professor, and previous NIH funding with an increase in both mean and weighted RCR.	5
The rest of the paper is organised as follows: Section 2 summarises the literature on academic networks in economics; Section 3 presents the data and method used for the empirical analysis; Section 4 documents the main results; and Section 5 draws some conclusions.	0
ACL (anterior cruciate ligament) surgery demonstrated the greatest relative change in the annual proportion of publications devoted to it, with proportional publication volume increasing annually by 17.5% of the total proportional volume over the study period.	4
Every 10 publications were associated with a 2.40% increase in total salary after controlling for specialty, institution, rank, and chair.	4
Articles were analyzed by scientific output and research performances of individuals, institutes, and collaborative countries with Mexico.	3
Multiple characteristics of the 100 top-cited ASD articles are presented in diagrams to guide evidence-based clinical decision-making in ASD.	5
Beijing has the highest number of articles in Q1 and Q2 journals within Web of Science, followed by Jiangsu and then Shanghai.	4
A total of 51 questionnaires were completed and returned for analysis.	2
Despite an increase in the proportion of women in surgery over the past years, women remain underrepresented as first and last authors in high-impact journals and international collaborations, even when working in high-resource regions.	5
It is noted that the disciplines Engineering, Biological Sciences and Technology appear as the principal disciplines in interdisciplinary research having a STEM focus.	4
Of these, 2042 reported scholarly publications for the BRI database within the given period.	2
Panel A has a JSD of .103; panel B, .401; and panel C, .693.	0
Mean values are presented, if possible with standard error of the mean.	0
These results show that the regional African academic network in Public Administration and Governance related to HIV is potentially highly sensitive to shifts in funding priorities that may cause international authors currently acting as network bridges to reduce their African collaborations.	5
Nearly three quarters of all the institutional plans analyzed required less than 8 h of RCR instruction, as shown in Fig.	4
A rough analysis of similar journals including Science, Nature, Genetics, and Journal of Biological Chemistry reveals the same trend and divide between scientist-run journals and professional-run journals.	4
6 SentiStrength is freely available for research purposes, and its lexicons can be adapted to the field of interest.	0
Consequently, the use of both approaches is more promising for the development of an adequate and fair evaluation.	5
Board members participating in American journals and their counterparts working for journals based in countries outside the United States did not show any significant difference in their h-indices.	5
Search engines were queried in the period 8–10 August 2005, using the following Keywords for each of the six global topics	0
Table 6 also shows that the probability of exclusion decreases significantly with the scientist's years of activity, as expected from our model's treatment of seniority.	4
Figure 1 Distribution of the numbers of papers with a citation count.	0
1, where black vertical lines represent the thresholds for weak, moderate and strong associations (the R code to produce this plot is available at the Open Science Framework at https://osf.io/pj8vz).	4
Section 3 entails the preparation of data, variables, and experimental setup.	0
The results suggest a positive and statistically significant relationship between the number of publications and five types of public outreach activities, with the exception of events, courses, or other activities at schools (Type 5).	4
The counting was done in 2017 June and July and used the on-line SAO/NASA Astrophysics Data System.	2
R. K. MERTON, The Matthew effect in science, Science, 159 (1968) 56.	0
Italy is the country with the most publications (220), cited 2258 times with a ratio equal to 1026%, followed by the United States with 188 documents and a ratio equal to 1347% and Turkey with 121 cited 888, with a ratio of 734%.	4
For physicists, the peak occurs at 36.6 years.	4
The countries included in this study are Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.	2
The results implied that patents were more likely to serve as part of the framework of the citing work.	5
In accordance with the literature, I defined a major error as a statement that is not at all in accordance with the source article and a minor error as factual error or inconsistency not severe enough to undermine the quoting authors’ statement (for an overview, please refer to Jergas & Baethge [2]).	3
The data shows that use is dominated by direct access only.	4
As a result of this procedure, we identify six key development issues: “governance", "poverty", "developing world”, “sustainable development”, “gender" and "inequality".	4
For these journals, CiteScoreASB(2019) and CiteScoreSCR&T(2019) are 7.7 and 6.7, respectively, whereas JIF(0,3)ASB(2019) and JIF(0,3)SCR&T(2019) are 3.6 and 3.8, respectively.	4
To evaluate what proportion of the most-cited US-based scientists are funded by biomedical federal agencies and whether funded scientists are more cited than nonfunded ones.	1
We used Wikipedia SQL dump of 59 different language editions on February 1, 2019.	2
Although the recommended articles in Faculty Opinions are significantly cited more than the other articles for most journals, there is no linear relationship between recommendation level and citedness despite correlations found in the dataset.FM or in the quantile or quartile subsets.	5
We started by selecting 29 universities based on the 2017 Best Global Universities Rankings established by the U.S.	2
Additionally, we used the Nature Publishing Index (NPI) where the total number of publications in Nature are recorded for each of the universities.	2
Our findings indicate that domestic mobility seems to be driven by push rather than pull factors.	5
All papers published between 2009 and 2012 were included in our experiments.	2
We used coauthor.exe software to restore the stored retrieval records and their initial analyses in order to extract the names of the writers and codes of the articles.	3
This article aims to verify whether this is the case by analysing the geographic distribution of citations received, using a method for localising the publications indexed in the Web of Science by urban areas.	1
The study was limited to 2005-2014, and the document type was limited to paper.	2
We first generated the asymmetrical 1-mode matrix of these 11,149 journals cited (rows) versus citing (columns) from the database using dedicated routines.	2
In the case of Spain, the National Statistical Office (INE) used four categories that we term: Low (0–4 points), Fair (5–6 points), High (7–8 points) and Very high (9–10 points).	2
Answers to these questions are not offered; the aim of this paper is to raise awareness of the problem.	0
In a few cases I looked up self-citations of the author to get the publication track of one person.	0
The present study reinforces these findings, even after factoring in the influence of non-scientific factors on impact.	5
For economic complexity, we use the ECI+ from the MIT Observatory for Economic Complexity (Hidalgo and Hausmann 2009; Simoes and Hidalgo 2011).	2
As future lines of research, this glass ceiling review should be complemented with other bibliometric techniques to understand the research topic’s social and intellectual structure.	5
Metrics included number of outputs and citations, citations per output, Field Weighted Citation Impact, percentage of outputs in the top 10% by citations or journal rank, and percentage of outputs with international or corporate collaborators.	3
Our team previously established a database of academic CT surgeons at accredited United States CT surgery training institutions,10–12 which we updated to include all CT surgery faculty at 79 centersin 2020 (Supplemental Table1).	2
We determine the ideas on which a publication is built from the available text of the publication (title and abstract).	3
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 10 times since 2015*	0
Our data include i) all references made to source items (i.e., documents cited that are indexed in the WOS), ii) all references made to source items that are 1-2 years old (JIF citation window), iii) journal self-references, and iv) journal self-references that are 1-2 years old.	2
The total number of publications reported P, and the total number of citations reported for the three-year window 2012-2014 are the basic bibliometic data.	2
Notes: The dependent variables are the RAE2008 grade point averages for outputs, the research environment and esteem in the first, second and third panels, respectively.	0
This article uses MPA to reveal the knowledge diffusion trajectories of the PR domain.	5
However, the findings also indicate that the share of Muslim-majority science system contributions to global science in the last three decades is still modest.	5
But we think that the h-index is more a clever find' than an original idea.	5
A scatter diagram was plotted to study the individual trends.	3
In this article we study the health of software engineering conferences by means of a suite of metrics created for this purpose.	1
3 This issue arises with other citation-only metrics as well, such as the h-index.	0
Our basic motivating questions are: Is higher funding related with higher productivity in the top ten Canadian universities?	1
Data on Early Career and Senior Ecologists were based on a demographic breakdown provided by ESA membership staff in October 2017.	2
Our main conclusions are that (1) research performance during the doctoral education has a positive effect on attaining excellence in the early career; (2) there is an interaction between publication volume and excellence during doctoral education suggesting that a combination of quantity and quality in doctoral students' performance is indicative of future excellence; (3) there are performance differences in the early career indicating that males have a higher probability of attaining excellence than females, and; (4) this difference is partly explained by performance differences during the doctoral education.	4
Finally, in order to determine the effect of the antibody response, we used an antibody titre study in which wild-type (C57BL/6J) mice were subcutaneously inoculated with 100 PFU of WNV 3000.0259 NY2000 [13].	2
Bibliometric analysis is a common method to determine the most influential articles in medical specialties, as it is an objective measure of peer recognition of scientific work.	3
We identify two types of researchers from their individual mobility patterns: interdisciplinary explorers who pioneer new fields, and exploiters who are more likely to stay within their specific areas of expertise.	4
The G8 countries produced a total of 144,888 articles published in Chinese journals from 1979 to 2016, and the number of papers published annually increased over the period (see Appendix 1).	4
A bibliometric analysis is an established methodology for studying science, as a knowledge-generating system, and to assess research production in a specific field over a given period of time (see e.g.	3
To explain the results in ecological terms, even though some journals have large niche width (high coverage) values, if their author profiles overlap extensively with those of journals considered more actively competitive, they may lose their niche width advantage.	5
By using the case of Colombia (based on publication data extracted from the WoS), we have found that IDR publications tend to address local issues more often than disciplinary publications do.	5
In tandem with the effort of the international scientific community to eliminate the use of the journal impact factor in the evaluation of individuals' research performance, the Section should consider removing “The cumulative impact factor value" from among the performance indicators.	5
Unlike previous studies, we only find minimal differences in writing style between the sexes.	4
The constructs 'effort expectancy' and 'facilitating conditions' were used to explain how librarians accepted and adapted to usage of IRs.	3
In total, this leads to six different approaches, all of which are based on the publication profile of research groups and PMs.	3
The data sample of active reviewers was gathered from Publons.	2
We utilize latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) to model and unearth hidden topic structure and automated content analysis to detect rhetorical signals.	3
(2012) for a group that included besides top research-oriented universities a large number of small and medium size European higher education institutions.	4
The study adopts "Achievement" and "Affiliation" in McClelland's; adapts "Power" in McClelland as "Authority" which captures the need to authorize, and operationalizes "Avidity” which describes "passion for research" as the four motivation needs for success.	4
These results demonstrate that both small and large teams are essential to a flourishing ecology of science and technology, and suggest that, to achieve this, science policies should aim to support a diversity of team sizes.	5
The attacks just described come largely from outside of science, but existing institutionalized structures and norms also contribute to science's vulnerability to these discrediting tactics.	4
Corrections were classified into “erratum" for errors originating from the journal and "corrigendum" for errors originating from the author.	3
However, at the same time, the comparatively low eigenvector centrality suggests that Singaporean researchers are less likely to join important research groups than Taiwanese and South Korean researchers.	5
The analysis suggests that, on average, fame grows substantially between the approximate ages of 30 and 50, at which point its growth slows before peaking at around 70.	4
In line with prior studies (Nimer et al., 2022), the independent variables are three proxies assessing countries' education quality for which data were retrieved from the Global Competitiveness Index published by the WEF (2019).	2
Figure 2: Ratio of UI papers of the top 10 countries	0
This study delves into the question of whether and how Nobel Prize-winning researchers in the sciences can enhance their productivity through collaborative efforts within their specific research domains.	5
More importantly, the spatial features, which influence the collaboration patterns and research outcomes, have not been incorporated in measuring the research leadership.	1
This paper introduces a database-tool infrastructure that was designed to support big Sci2 studies.	1
We propose a novel measure, the TS score, to assess the translationalness of a non-clinical publication and provide evidence that this measure meets these desired criteria.	5
This further suggests that we cannot use peer review, even in the restricted sense allotted to it in partial lotteries, for luxury research as reviewer judgments will be no better than random chance.	5
RQ2: What are the leading institutions publishing in STEM librarianship?	1
To this end, our goal in this paper is to address the following questions 1) What types of practices for better societal interaction did the research consortia funded by the Finnish Strategic Research Council propose?	1
In addition, machine learning through symbolic regression produces models whose accuracy does not exceed a 6.1 % gain (r2 = 0.9227).	4
Formally it is not the panel that decides, but the ERC scientific council.	0
1.i), free of charge article guarantee bonus (Fig.	4
Acknowledgements—The support of Marcela Rosselli and Susan McMeniman in the preparation of the paper is gratefully acknowledged.	0
Altmetric indicators could be combined with citation indicators to get more comprehensive impact assessment results.	5
Social network analysis is a set of developed analytic tools to analyze relational structure and its impacts on individual behaviors and systemic performance (Marin and Wellman 2011).	3
Descriptive functional data analysis (FDA; Ramsay & Silverman, 2005) was used to describe the increase in use of research synthesis methods in fields over time.	3
Therefore, the tentative conclusions of this study should be verified further in future studies as more evidence becomes available.	0
To expand on the limited available data, we carried out a systematic analysis of all original research articles from 6 basic science and 6 clinically oriented journals.	2
Based on the Science Edition 2014 of Journal Citation Reports, journals covering 3 topics were included: 192 journals on clinical neurology, 252 journals on neuroscience, and 110 journals on general and internal medicine.	2
We also find that digital technical change in value added is Hicks-neutral.	4
As shown by their high impact factors, these newly created journals benefit from the name recognition and reputation of the originals after which they are named.	4
Computers in Human Behavior was the most prolific journal.	4
A total of 1376 articles were published in 2017, and 137 of these represented the top 10% with the highest AAS.	2
Our empirical analysis shows how the interviewees spontaneously juxtaposed their experiences of researching under the conditions of VE with their experience of researching under the conditions of mainstream grants.	4
Consent to participate Author declares that there is no organs/tissues were obtained from prisoners and must also name the institution(s)/clinic(s)/department(s) via which organs/tissues were obtained.	0
The results show that half of the academics (50.3%) do not know whether there is an open access institutional repository in their institutions (see Figure 9).	4
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):-, 2015	0
We searched for publications on maternal mortality in the Web of Science database in the period 1994–2013.	2
Data were extracted separately for four distinct and mutually exclusive sets of journals: (i) Dental Public Health Journals (DPHJs); (ii) Dental Journals excluding DPH (DJs); (iii) Public Health Journals (PHJs); and (iv) General Journals (GJs).	2
Our analysis implies that inefficiencies in academic publishing (e.g., arbitrary formatting requirements, long review times) can serve a function by disincentivizing scientists from submitting low-quality work to high-ranking journals.	5
The hypothesis is empirically validated that scientific breakthroughs show distinctive knowledge structure characteristics, which are further utilized to predict breakthroughs in their early stage of formation.	3
With this procedure, we obtained topical terms to calculate the TF-IDF (term frequency-inverse document frequency) index (Jones, 1972; Salton & McGill, 1983) for each term in the clusters.	3
You may freely distribute the URL identifying the publication in the public portal -	0
We derive four propositions based on arguments on evidence and prerequisites for the analysis, that are necessary for: (1) strict distinction between policy evidence and policy reason, (2) application of relevant type of analysis to each unit process of policymaking, (3) multi-layered expertise including data and algorithms, domain knowledge, and understanding of policy context and social issues, and (4) a knowledge system to archive data, algorithms, and results.	4
When the data are obtained, we establish the collaboration network associated with the Turing Award laureates.	3
The United States participated in the most studies in both areas, with 2159 (36.55%) and 296 (43.72%), respectively, followed by England with 777 (12.94%) and 115 (16.99%), respectively.	4
Usage in the last 180 days increased in the open access period from 25.2% to 61.7% (P < 0.001).	4
Furthermore, only subject areas offered at least 50 institutions are considered in the application (Arts and Humanities, e.g., is not considered).	2
Bibliographic coupling of the studies on SARS, MERS and Covid-19 were analysed at the level of their sources/journals.	3
The current study adopted quantitative survey research design that aims to analyze a group of people's beliefs, attitudes and abilities.	3
The results for this major group alone are given in Table 9.	0
The relationships were conducted by the methods of descriptive analysis and regression analysis.	3
This metaphor is ascribed to Isaac Newton, but has to be attributed to Bernard of Chartres and was first recorded in the 12th century (Merton, 1965, p.	0
Hartley's papers with higher citations were written with colleagues and have been cited more frequently than similar papers written by Hartley alone: for less highly cited papers there appears to be no significant difference in this respect.	5
The DB citation classics provide a nice balance in methodological approaches, and give about equal attention to both qualitative (4 articles) and quantitative methods (5 articles).	5
When comparing law journals in WoS and the Finnish peer review-based ranking of law journals, it was found that all law journals that are considered journals of the highest quality by legal experts are also ranked highly in WoS, despite peers not using citation statistics as the main decision-making factor.	4
Inspired by the processes of generating coauthorship networks, the model generates hypergraphs first (in which nodes are regarded as “authors” and hyperedges as “paper teams”), then extracts simple graphs from the hypergraphs (in which edges are formed between every two nodes in each hyperedge).	3
The mean for the Usability score was 4.76, with the highest score of 7.2 (see Table 2 for the top 25 websites by overall score) and 3 websites scoring below 2.	4
Through the evidence presented, we propose that researchers should decide what factors are important for how readers interact with their articles when choosing to publish their work as OA.	5
(RQ2) What are the conditions under which researchers trust and distrust grant reviews?	1
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
As the visibility of the journals increased ac- cording to the quartiles where they are, the percentage of articles published in English and cited articles increased too, but Cuban scientific leadership decreased.	4
In total 1,663 DXY users completed the survey, which counted for ≈1% of the total registered medical doctor users.	2
This journal is published by the University Library System of the University of Pittsburgh as part of its D-Scribe Digital Publishing Program and is cosponsored by the University of Pittsburgh Press.	0
The dataset includes over 1.1 million papers and their associated altmetrics score.	2
As preregistered, we employed mixed effects regressions to predict (i) the probability of an abstract being identified as AI-generated and (ii) the perceived quality of the research.	3
In order to answer our research questions above, we use the publication data, including early view articles as of January 5, 2016, of the information science journals in 2015.	2
We hypothesized that receipt of an OREF resident research grant would be associated with the pursuit of a future career in academic orthopedic surgery.	1
Acknowledgments We thank all who helped to improve NEViewer by giving us very valuable suggestions and comments.	0
Articles in this journal are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.	0
Trends in NIH funding were analyzed via linear regression, with the year as the independent variable and total annual funding as the dependent variable.	3
The goals of our study are to understand the extent to which two forms of HARKing that appear to be particularly prevalent and troublesome produce bias in results and conclusions and the field's cumulative knowl- edge and to understand the determinants and boundary condi- tions of this bias.	1
We performed a quasi-experimental study in which we submitted a previously published article to a random sample of 602 biomedical journals, roughly 200 journals from each journal type sampled: OA journals, subscription-based journals, and presumed predatory journals.	2
A qualitative approach was taken to investigate Swedish–Chinese research collaborations.	3
According to our results, the Harvard Business Review is not only a widely quoted scientific source, but it also has a significant impact on the scientific discourse in management research.	4
We compared download figures for each book on the three platforms: the UCL Press repository, the OAPEN Digital Library, and the Internet Archive.	3
We define the career stage of each researcher as the number of years that has passed since the author's first publication in MEDLINE.	3
To proceed to the comparative analysis between the results derived from the application of the stochastic SIMCA model and those of a deterministic approach, we also calculate a “traditional” composite indicator called Bibliometric Composite Score (BCS), given by the weighted average of the standardized values for the five indicators.	3
Finally, to test the effectiveness of each feature in the classification of quartiles, we used ExtraTreeClassifier (EC), which computes the feature importance</TECHNIQUE> also known as Gini importance.	3
In this way, three samples were obtained that were comparable amongst the providers.	0
Paper selection was performed in the WoS Science Citation Index database, using the Advanced Search feature.	2
This finding suggests that the use of citation counts to rank scientific papers is sub-optimal; additional research will be needed to assess whether network-based article-level metrics can be used to construct author-level metrics more effective than the currently used metrics – such as the popular h-index introduced by Hirsch (2005) – that are only based on citation counts and neglect network centrality.	5
Chinese history authors used a large amount of perfunctory citations.	4
We identified a strong presence of the Library and Information Science areas in the L-School faculty training and current research interests.	5
A mixed, or diasynchronous, approach is to analyze changes of synchronous distributions over time.	3
This study looked at the presence of predatory journals in library databases and attempted to determine if those journals put students at risk of including questionable content in their research papers and assignments.	5
The purpose of this paper was to use bibliometric methods to analyze top papers in the subject category of meteorology and atmospheric sciences during 11-year-long period from 2011 to 2021 through publication year, category, author, affiliations, country, journals, all keywords, and other key features.	1
Using Scopus, a comprehensive scientific literature database produced by Elsevier (www.scopus.com), we searched for “The Icahn School of Medicine" in the affiliation search field.	2
Third, for each journal, the mean difference was calculated when the journal was placed the closest to the top of the list vs.	3
As in many European countries, in Italy a reform process of the governance of higher education system took place, too.?	0
This article was downloaded by: [Texas A & M International University]	0
Web of Science was used to identify all articles published in included journals in 2012 and 2013, as well as the number of citations to these articles in 2014 (13).	2
The number of publications, h-indexes, and number of citations per article were collected from the Scopus database for comparison purposes [24,30].	2
* As for isolated authors who have no coauthored papers, C?	0
For example, local citations, global citations, and Eigenfactor all create regression models with an R2 over 56% and even have predictability more than 54%, with local citations having the highest predictability at more than 60%.	4
First, individual interdisciplinarity can be explored with two-mode networks (also called bipartite networks) that represent how researchers identify themselves with different disciplines.	3
Due to the volatility of the citation-based dependent variables, we calculated the 5-year means (2012–2016) of the impact factor and immediacy index per journal and used these for the regressions.	3
Through the interpretation of our knowledge maps, we depicted the overall image and trends of oncology research progress in an objective, scientific and systematic manner.	5
For the single data set considered in this study the model was fit using regression.	0
The RIC calculations for India show that it has developed research collaboration with new partners (like Saudi Arabia, Russia, South Africa and South Korea) while more or less maintaining collaboration ties with existing partners (such as Brazil, Canada and the United Kingdom).	5
By SNA, we suggest using the conceptual scale and index of relational complexity for quantification of terms or concepts in the titles of economics papers.	5
Received June 30, 2011; Accepted December 3, 2011; Published December 28, 2011	0
In order to overcome this problem, we have used an index, called activity index (AI), initially proposed and used by Schubert et al.	3
Research should be fostered in countries such as Bangladesh, Nepal, Sudan, and Ethiopia, where there is a high prevalence of different forms of the disease but limited research development with reference authors integrated into the collaboration networks.	5
To what extent does each individual panel member's expertise cover the individual research groups?	1
1, we are interested in producing the similar Figure on a dashboard with a video MP4 provided to readers who can click on the link to manipulate the scenarios on their own.	3
This is not by accident, as the convention is actually intended to communicate to a broad audience each individual's role in the collaboration.	0
The editors and publishers can use these findings to attract the best manuscripts as the study reveals the author's perception of the journal's status.	0
I have read the journal's policy and the authors of this manuscript have the following competing interests: Marvin Thielk receives a salary from Elsevier Inc.	0
Solid and dashed curves represent best-fit plots for the entire l*(n) and lf*(n) data, respectively, according to Eq.	0
This work aims to analyse the open access editorial policies implemented by the health sciences journals of the SciELO network (411 journals at the time of this study) in terms of authors' rights, copyright issues, self-archiving policies and openness.	1
This study contributes to expanding researchers' perspectives on structures of online social networks.	5
Triple-A journals are defined in this analysis as those that are indexed in SCIE, SSCI and/or in Scopus.	3
The mean ± standard deviation annual National Institute of Health grant funding amount of 48% (n = 57) of the department chairs increased post-promotion ($365,000 + $899,000 vs $98,000 + $143,000 pre-promotion, P < .05).	4
A total of twenty-one universities entered the final analysis (Table 2).	2
Moreover, LTST recognition can be further improved through link prediction.	5
In the total sample, most literatures were about cost-effectiveness analysis (CEA).	0
Raw citation-based scholar performance indicators lack cross-field comparability in practical evaluation applications and have difficulty determining the contributions of multi-author publications.	5
clinical practice relates in large part to its ability to eliminate sources of bias.	0
The problem of tardiness experienced in populating digital repositories of other institutions is also deeply rooted in UB.	4
52 Rating Pakistani medical journals, Midrar Ullah & Idrees Farooq Butt	0
The study suggests that the intensified self-correction in biomedicine is due to the attention of readers and authors, who spot errors in their hub of evidence-based information.	5
Also the concave or convex relation between the proportion of top 100θ% publications, for different fractions θ, is explained using the obtained new informetric model.	1
The number of articles in the main analysis is thus 1,210.	2
In all these three measures, Africans had a higher average than whites.	4
In general, women reported Zoomification of conferences to be more efficient uses of their time, and respondents with family responsibilities also thought it reduced barriers to participation in scientific meetings.	4
Web-based survey of 2,128 authors who recently published in BMJ Open, PeerJ, PLOS ONE or SAGE Open.	3
Hypothesized relationships were tested using the authors of 24,308 documents cited in the Web of Science.	2
Publisher’s Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
dRank is a binary variable representing the academic rank of faculty and with lecturer as the reference category.	0
Synergies with biomedical and cell tissue engineering have yet to contribute substantially to the chemical engineering ethos.	5
The proportion of journals with IF overall and, within this subset of publications, in Q1 and Q2 is, nonetheless, much higher in Flanders and Norway than in CEE countries.	4
Population of countries are extracted from World Bank data for the year 2014.	2
Europe and North America are the most autonomous social sciences producers, even if their interregional collaborative rate has grown steadily during the last 30 years.	4
Both Scopus and WoS show similarly significant positive correlations with the hmen index, with Scopus having the slightly stronger correlation of 0.954 and WoS the weaker one with 0.948.	4
RQ1: How many works are there with these enormous numbers of authors?	1
The findings of this research provide an integrated view of potential biases induced by self-citing behavior by probing into the motives and/or context of self-citations from multiple perspectives.	5
Relevant research in some CEE countries will be discussed in the literature background chapter.	0
The text surrounding each in-text citation of LSBS was read to extract the concepts cited from LSBS.	3
Research on Complications, peri-implant infection/pathology/therapy had been increasing in production throughout each period.	4
All original research articles published in each journal during 2007 and 2008 were analyzed, except for The Journal of Applied Physiology, which publishes substantially more articles annually than the other journals; 200 articles were randomly sampled from this journal to prevent overrepresentation of this journal.	2
One of us downloaded the entire set of the DVD-version of the Science Citation Index 2011; this data was then brought under the control of relational database management (in the dbf-format using Flagship v7).	2
The results confirm the centre—periphery model and indicate that the centrality of the two major regions that are North America and Europe is largely unchallenged, Europe having become more important and despite the growing development of Asian social sciences.	4
Susanne Breuninger: Conceptualization, Methodology, Software, Data curation, Writing - original draft.	0
This paper analyses data downloaded from the REF2021 website (http://www.ref2021.ac.uk).	2
In fact, Planck is disadvantaged in his h index, because his accomplishments are concentrated in relatively few papers, in contrast to today's publication practice, and were highly cited by the standards of the time.	0
The following were obtained and calculated: the number of articles, number of citations, number of citations per article, total amount of federal research funding received, federal research funding per article, federal research funding per citation, and number of articles per faculty member.	3
One is based on peer review and the other on ranking using citation data.	3
Across a sample of three ORM best practice arti- cles, only 17.4% of articles citing these pieces were identified as appropriately representing and applying their recommendations.	5
For the overwhelming majority of organizations, all models result in similar expenditures, but there are also organizations where the difference between most and least expensive model results in a considerable amount.	4
Citation data from 2013 was generated within the JCR?.	2
A total of 390,191 papers have Physics and Astronomy Classification Scheme (PACS) codes.	2
Thirdly, in terms of the journal categories within CSSCI, CSSCI papers were classified by the journals they were published into three groups as Core journals, First-Class journals, and Prestigious journals for further investigation.	3
It addresses the following question: To what extent is it technically and politically feasible to bring together an international crowd of academics to author an article?	1
Our analysis suggests that collaboration sustained success, yet excessive co-authorship did not.	4
The most common practice among ECRs in China is to look to publish in journals perceived to be highly ranked in WoS (M = 4.45, SD = 0.79).	4
Interaction effects reveal that women's publishing or signaling investments are not devalued when they try to obtain tenure.	4
To evaluate and observe any correlations among the h-indices of 2015 editorial board members from 8 top sports medicine journals.	1
The primary objective of this study is to examine the WIF for websites of selected universities in Pakistan.	1
Educational multidisciplinarity, on the other hand, has little effects on research interdisciplinarity.	4
The numbers in parenthesis show that the number of papers belong to relevant subject area	0
As a first approach to analyzing citations, we construct a targeting index that values 1 if the share of citations of authors in a certain geographical location is equal to their share in total article production, whereas it is less than one if their share in production outweighs their share in citations.	3
In particular, the number of original papers was more than 3-fold higher at the end of the investigated period than at the start (Figure 2).	4
Based on the fact that AAS reached its real value in a shorter time than citation number, further researches are needed over time for whether AAS can predict the citation number.	5
The analysis presented covers publications in peer-reviewed journals (both national and foreign origin), and chapters in edited volumes and books (edited and monographs) that were published by the respondents during the 5 years prior to the date of the interview.	2
This paper addresses whether metrics are considered a legitimate and integral part of the assessment of research, explore the role of metrics in different review contexts and fields of research, and discuss implications for research evaluation and policy.	1
The members of the Trans-O-MIM Research Team cordially want to thank all institutions and persons who contributed to this project.	0
Further research is required to fully assess these factors and characterize the state of foot and ankle surgery research.	5
The first author is more frequently served as the corresponding author in laws, humanities, social science, business and management, and mathematics, with percentage is more than 80% or even higher.	4
According to the co-occurrence network of keywords in AAG2018 conference papers, we conclude that the hot keywords discussed recently in geography mainly include GIS, climate/climate change, remote sensing, sustainability, and agriculture.	4
As we are primarily interested in the classification of natural sciences abstracts, we focus on the 19 physical and life sciences panels, comprising 2523 abstracts in total.	2
Table 2: Comparison of Types of Manuscripts Written by Members of PM&R Units and Other Units, by Year	0
The majority of citations (58%) were found in general research articles, 11% were found in other article types (e.g., commentaries, editorials, and letters), and 7% were found in proceedings papers.	4
Thus, research productivity is calculated as the sum of publication SJRs over the five-year timeframe.	3
To advance the field of knowledge and provide a tool to manage the journal's performance and its leading contribution to a particular field, this article explores a management framework informed by scientometrics to help journals make a better service quality as well as a greater contribution to expanding the boundaries of knowledge.	1
We obtained an unbalanced panel of 31,909 researchers, present in the panel for an average of 5.50 years, during the period 1997 to 2009, with some 16.74% observed for 13 years.	2
The bibliometric indices considered for this study were the following: total publications, total publications in journals with IF, PlumX metric indices, and Scopus citations.	3
Different scientometric indicators are used to evaluate the research performance of researchers.	3
Consistent with evidence that the mechanism is mentoring from the rotator, the results suggest that access to individuals with insights gained outside academia propels scientific careers.	5
Then, for each applicant, the average of the normalized citation scores is calculated.	3
This ranking is adjusted for both number of faculty and years of experience.	3
They showed that each author differed from each other, but that there were few changes in their individual writing styles over time—as measured by Flesch (1948) readability scores.	3
We sent an e-mail survey to a wide range of scientists asking whether he/she had manuscripts that suffered editorial rejections followed by submission(s) of the same manuscript(s) (without changes or improvement) to another journal.	2
In this cross-sectional bibliometric study, clinical research papers published by core clinical research hospitals in Japan were compared retrospectively in terms of times cited (TC), category normalized citation impact (CNCI), citation percentile (CP), journal impact factor (JIF), the Software to Identify, Manage, and Analyze Scientific Publications (SIGAPS) category, and whether they were the funded clinical research.	2
In the first issue, which was launched in 1989, TAMS published 26 papers, since then there has been an exponential increase in the number of publications as well as the number of citations.	5
We analyze publication and citation data for four broad disciplinary fields that were the focus of Larivière et al. (2009)—health, humanities, mathematics and the computer sciences, and the social sciences—using Web of Science data provided by Clarivate Analytics.	2
From the Department of Otolaryngology - Head and Neck Surgery (J.R.C., T.R.D., E.H.H., B.J.D., S.M., H.J.K.), MedStar Georgetown University Hospital, Washington, District of Columbia, USA; Georgetown University School of Medicine (M.A., N.S.), Washington, District of Columbia, USA.	0
Second, an investigation is conducted to assess the sustainability of Diamond OA journals and identify associated structural problems or potential breaking points.	1
Based on manual checks, a set of rules was defined for the titles, descriptions, and URLs of the syllabus search results from academic websites.	3
Here we just mention in passing that the field-specific peculiarities in delayed reception should also be interpreted in the context of different ageing literature in these science areas (see GL?NZEL & SCHOEPFLIN, 1995).	0
The data represented 41 out of 57 OIC member countries; the total number of articles published were 1,425,113, of which 7369 are HCPs and 249 are HPs, which made up the final data of the study.	2
These articles came from 15 countries, with the USA contributing most of the highly cited articles (n = 52).	4
A bit more mutual respect in other fields might be a good antidote to the poisons that often seem to creep into relations between these mutual friends.	0
Department of Information Resources Management, School of Public Affairs, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, China	0
Please see page XX for the Editor's Capsule Summary of this article.	0
Structural equation modeling (SEM) was applied to test the research hypotheses in IBM AMOS 26.	3
Finally, the relative productivity turned out low for most Vietnamese authors—in other words, the level of contribution to their published works was not high.	5
Following recent developments in Science and Technology Studies on value production in the bioeconomy, I argue that the concepts of asset and rent are essential analytical tools for getting to grips with the origins of value within academic science.	5
This study explores the potential role of digital affordances to challenge structural Northern bias and generates questions about knowledge production and dissemination in the climate change knowledge domain.	1
as a criterion with which to assess the overall quality of the formula, we computed the mean absolute relative error (MARE),	3
It may even change the results, i.e., the effect of interdisciplinarity on scientific impact, explaining the inconsistent conclusions of studies on the effect of interdisciplinarity on scientific impact.	5
Hence, we arrive at a system of two simultaneous equations, since we expect a journal's Relevance to affect its Reputation and vice versa.	3
Our results indicate that the number of collaborators at one's own university is correlated with an increase in negative collaboration experiences, while an increase in collaborators at other universities is not correlated with an increase in negative collaboration experiences.	4
With 0.32 % (110 papers of 34880 citable items), Ethics, Philosophy & Religion had the largest percentage of documents in the top 1%, followed by Humanities with 0.30% (184 papers of 61703 citable items), figures clearly below the expected 1%.	4
There is a cluster of metrics related to academic performance, which can be further subdivided into two subclusters: usage metrics (views, downloads), and citation metrics (citation counts, h-index).	5
This report indicates, as shown in Figure 2, that some countries such as Mozambique, Burkina Faso and Uganda received more than 50% of their R&D funding from foreign sources.	4
Black area represents “yes” answers, blue area represents “sometimes” answers, and red area represents “no” answers.	0
Both before and after standardizing the marks, we studied whether there were statistically significant differences between both groups and the results showed that the null hypothesis (the grade does not depend on the type of exam) is the most likely in both cases (p>.05).	4
We find sole authorship to operate as the most potent 'trigger' at career onset for subsequent publication advantage.	5
In this study, we have seen that after recursion (i.e.	5
From this first descriptive analysis, we see a differential in research performance between the universities of Northern, Central and Southern Italy.	4
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License.	0
With the above considerations, the Eigenvector Centrality measure was chosen to identify the important nodes in the network, since it is based on a network spectrum (eigenvalues), which capture a global view of the whole network through an adjacency matrix.	3
Thirteen journals required payment to cover processing fees, which ranged from US$250 (The Internet Journal of Mental Health) to US$3600 (Translational Psychiatry).	4
The analysis was designed with the following parameters: Unit of analysis, Words (authorRole = true, sourceRole = true, addedRole = true); Kind of network: Co-occurrence; Normalization measure: Equivalence Index; Cluster algorithm: Simple Centres (Max cluster size: 4, Min cluster size: 3); Evolution measure: Jaccard Index; Overlapping measure: Inclusion Strength.	3
While our citation rhythm indicator R? is the ratio O?/E?.	5
This paper is based on information about the AIM gleaned from a large variety of sources between 2007 and 2012.	2
This study discusses the function of paper-to-patent citations through citation contexts.	1
Ethiopia, Yemen, and Kenya had the highest productivity of publications after standardization by population size and GDP.	4
This problem would probably not be solved by analyzing patents from other countries since the US patent system seems to use citations more extensively than others.	0
We can observe a very low Pearson correlation for the Euclidean measure.	4
We also found that large teams with greater inter-organizational diversity were more likely to produce highly cited papers.	4
The variation coefficient is defined as the standard deviation divided by the arithmetic mean.	3
A conclusion and outlook on future research questions is provided in “Conclusion”.	0
This method enabled us to consider the coauthor order, which has not been fully conceptualized in previous coauthorship network research.	5
These result show that marine biodiversity is a dynamic and evolving field, which still has not settled in its evolution.	5
(1) Data are presented as number and percentage for each period, therefore percentages will not total to 100% in each row.	0
The data on these 4763 papers’ paper-paper citations and paper-patent citations were collected using Scopus’s ‘citedby’ function for a 16-year period (1996–2012).	2
Postgraduate medical trainees were contacted by email with a link to our questionnaire on two occasions (2 and 26 February 2014) and then contacted in person (June-November 2014).	3
Because many articles had more than 1 reason for rejection, multivariate logistic regression was used to examine the association between each reason and the outcome “published elsewhere.”	3
Growth in the number of collaborations with foreign universities and researchers was examined using polynomial regression (PROC REG).	3
The lead author/supervisor must make it clear to those that participate in a program how their work will be recognized.	5
Finally, I demonstrate how research managers use this data to inform decision-making and policymaking processes.	4
The patent records coming from EPO Worldwide Patent Statistics Database (PATSTAT) represent patenting information in the overall tech area.	2
The authors conducted a descriptive study in which they examined coverage by discipline, publisher distribution by field and country of publication, and publisher impact.	3
Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of Australian and New Zealand Marketing Academy.	0
Wilcoxon and analysis of variance tests were used for between-group comparisons of two and three subgroups, respectively.	3
The present work intended to tracking the current hotspots and research trends on COVID-19 in environmental fields.	1
The data reveal that the USA headed the productivity rankings (total numbers of publications = 4,206), of which 1,638 (38.94 per cent) were published by the USA.	4
Table 6 provides descriptive information for the profiles for each of the three waves.	0
This study examines the publication patterns of German political scientists, and provides an insight into their citation and reference characteristics.	5
Thus, low-quality publishing was evident from spelling and grammar mistakes in the titles of articles, publishing the same paper twice in the same journal, so-called 'salami slicing', and the publishing of an article already published in another journal.	4
Next, the Head of Research Services and I placed printed copies of flyers in Law School faculty mailboxes.	3
The range of gN was [0.18, 0.99], with CV = 24.8 %, SD = 0.18), while for the s measure we found a consistently smaller range, [0.67, 1], and considerably smaller levels of variability, i.e.	4
Therefore, we test the difference between paper and paper citations and paper-patent citations at the median using the non-parametric Wilcoxon rank-sum test.	3
This resulted in three different input formats denoted as: 1.	3
This is a step further because we do not just look at the labels but we also evaluate the proportion of common terms within clusters.	0
Correlation of mean citations with the measures of citation inequality indicated that the unequal distribution of citations per journal is more prominent and, thus, relevant for journals with lower citation rates.	4
Finally, three key words (“Geoscience,” “Remote Sensing,” and “GIS”) were used in the Search Within Results box.	2
The average citation impact was measured by the mean citation score (MCS), which is the number of citations (C) that a particular country or institution receives divided by the total number of articles assigned to it (P</METRIC>).	3
ICES Journal of Marine Science Advance Access published December 24, 2015	0
The positive interaction term of diff_part and post95 in full model 2 suggests that there is an increasing similarity, and the coefficient sizes of cosine similarity indicate that the effects observed in economics and business administration are of relevant magnitude.	4
Ultimately, citation analyses provide useful information for some areas, such as determination of current trends [9] and evaluation of future manuscripts submitted to certain journals [8].	5
The centre of collaboration lies throughout the north-east coast of US and in the United Kingdom-Netherlands-Germany-Switzerland-Italy axis.	4
As the Impact Factor is an important factor in the decision where to publish, it was concluded that all journals that had an Impact Factor in the year 2014 should be included in the investigation.	2
To form the control group (researchers not engaged in the COE program), we randomly chose researchers from each university selected in the program.	2
We chose the WOS since we found that it was the database providing the highest scientific quality.	2
The average book published by a university press is cited almost 2.5 times as often (33.2 citations) as the average book published by other presses (14.4 citations).	4
The first proposed equation predicts a modified h index as a function of Pu, C, and Ns and implements to Iraqi</LOCATION> universities and selected universities from other countries.	3
While a general alignment is evident (groups with high RAE quality scores tend to have high NCI measures), there is considerable scatter.	4
Our study gives input for reflecting values, norms and orientations underlying FPR, and seeks to inform the on-going discourse on its nature, purpose and future in science and society.	5
This raises questions like: What factors lead academics to use journal lists more extensively?	1
The data set includes research outputs from all 39 Australian universities from the years 2011–2016, filtered by FoR 13.	2
This study identified the following merchandising-related themes: branding, retail, consumer, behavior, modeling, textile and clothing industry and visual merchandising.	4
This method has the property of grouping together keywords based on co-occurrence, thus revealing the actual structure of abstracts' contents: it is both an advantage when revealing links as for the large field of Social and Economic Geography, but it can also blur information by grouping more detailed communities.	4
Metrics, like altmetrics, may have a role to play when making rapid evaluations.	5
Most of the authors and institutions of the papers were from China before March 1st, 2020, however, the distribution of authors and institutions were mainly in developed countries or more wealthy areas of China.	4
Using these criteria, we generated a sample of 100 journals.	2
We began by using PubMed to identify all publications citing the Georgia CTSA hub (n = 1865), categorizing each article as encompassing I or more research domain using a taxonomy derived from the Web of Science.	2
Fig 2 suggests increasing returns from productivity for the Sciences & engineering, the Life sciences, and for Psychology.	4
Within each period, the conceptual structure is analysed through the strategic diagram (He, 1999).	3
It was revealed that classic works of wind tunnel research was frequently occurred in 1990s but much less in 2000s, probably due to the development of numerical models of computational fluid dynamic (CFD) in recent decades.	5
Department of Public Health and Primary Care, KU Leuven - University of Leuven, 3000 Leuven, Belgium	0
Author Contributions: Concept- SD; Design- SD, FY; Supervision- SD; Resource- SD, FY; Materials- SD, FY; Data Collection and/or Processing- FY; Analysis and/or Interpretation- SD, FY; Literature Search- SD; Writing- SSD; Critical Reviews- SSD, FY.	0
This analysis is called RPYS-CO (Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy based on co-cited papers).	3
To onboard students to AIMS, Principal Investigator (PI), Dr.	3
The frequency of patent citations to journal papers is calculated per discipline, year, institutional sector, journal subject category, and for “top” journals.	3
Additional Supporting Information may be found in the online version of this article.	0
Finally, a deep learning-based time series model was employed to predict the future emerging index based on these new features.	3
This paper proposes a citation rank based on spatial diversity (SDCR) in terms of cities and countries, focusing on the measurement of the "spatial" aspect in citation networks.	1
The distribution of citations across journals is quite similar to the overall distribution of citations to individual articles, with the top 25 journals (10%) accounting for 50% of all citations while the lowest 131 journals (53%) collectively accounted for 10% of all citations (Figure 2).	4
The CRC sector, a relatively recent development in Australia, was subsequently excluded from the citation analysis as it contributed a very small number of publications clumped heavily in the more recent years of the period being analysed.	0
The empirical evidence for this article stems from a combination of quantitative and qualitative methodologies.	3
The classification of a scientist's publications requires identification of their prevalent field of research, for which we use the procedure of Abramo et al.	3
Finally, this study provides or serves as a template or framework for future studies seeking to provide similar normative data for other domains and fields of academic scholarship.	5
The Sankey Diagram was utilized to construct the thematic evolution map.	3
The journal citations were also assessed for style errors.	3
Little is known about research productivity and the contribution of the KSA to global research.	0
Source: The authors, based on Web of Science, Core Collection data.	0
Each newly assigned CAS academician is assigned to only one region.	0
* p < 0.1; ** p < 0.05; *** p < 0.01 represent levels of significance	0
The authors driving the growth in relative publication activity following a star's death are largely outsiders.	4
The h-index figures correlated significantly with the SQI values, r=0.73, p<0.0001.	4
retrieval of most relevant documents) as compared to its counterpart.	5
Most participants (82.86%) have read at least one English paper or one professional book in English, while 17.14% responded they never read a single English paper or professorial book in English.	4
The analysis is based on secondary sources such as evaluation reports, international comparative reports (Bennetot and Estermann 2014; OECD 2014), and academic literature (Langfeldt et al.	3
My model of science funding strategies demonstrates that mid-level modeling is not merely an aspirational framework for future modeling endeavors, but a strategy that can be employed by coupling accessible data and extant or new high-level models.	5
Data was analysed using the VosViewer software to obtain network maps and frequencies of occurrence.	3
This research was supported by a Veterans Administration Merit Review Grant, MRIS 1416 (Dr.	0
When applicable, it was recorded whether stated outcome measures were objective or subjective, whether a statistically significant difference between study group outcomes was reported, and whether authors made clear clinical recommendations based on study findings.	0
Reporting the findings on developed nations (which involves 47 countries or 28 % of the total sample), we observe that the research output and physical capital enhance economic growth, while population growth deteriorates economic growth.	4
The results of the qualitative analyses in this section show that the intellectual base of research by KH and SM is very narrow.	4
Analyzing qualitatively the stated purposes of the programs and the discursive shift that accompanies them in policy, and analyzing quantitatively the 130 recipients of funding from the programs, we show that there are agglomeration effects that are unintended but also expectable, given the nature of the funding landscape in Sweden and the institutional isomorphism among the organizations in the field.	3
The data suggest there is a lack of clarity both by the university administrators and by the staff at Great Western University on what the terms multidisciplinary research (MDR) and interdisciplinary research (IDR) mean.	4
Based on a set of 2,739 academic monographs from 2008 and a set of 1,305 best-selling textbooks in Amazon-selected academic subject categories, the existence of significant but low to moderate correlations between citations and numbers of reviews, combined with other evidence, suggests that online book reviews seem to reflect the wider popularity of a book rather than its academic impact, although there are substantial disciplinary differences.	2
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
We plot (fi/f) versus (i/n) for i = ?, .	3
In this study we present an in-depth bibliometric analysis of Sci-Hub downloads by Egyptian researchers based on the 2017 download log file.	1
My examination of the data suggests that in a citations sense – and admittedly that is just one criterion – the most-cited Research Policy article in 2000 was worth the same as the combination of the lower half of the journal's remaining articles in that year.	4
In the 12 years, 2002–13, there were 18,822 European RESPI papers in the WoS, representing 56% of the world total of 33,629.	4
books, graduate theses, and journals without an impact factor serve as critical venues for scholars.	5
Third, regarding the consistency between author order in the contribution list and byline, every contribution category has a high consistency in JAMA and Annals, while PLOS shows a low consistency, in general.	4
Moral disengagement in research was measured by the How I Think About Research Questionnaire (DuBois et al., 2016).	2
To reduce the early view effect, we considered different citation time windows from 2 to 3 years after publication.	3
As result, for international collaboration, it was observed that the normalized citation impact achieved by Brazilian institutions depends upon corresponding author status, and that, in case of non-corresponding authorship, the impact shows a significant benefit when the paper has a corresponding author from a foreign institution.	4
The presentation will describe the planning steps, pearls and pitfalls of our experience as well as a critical review of the clinical outcome.	0
For descriptive statistics data was entered and analysed using Microsoft Excel Version 12.2.0 (Microsoft Inc., Seattle, WA, USA).	0
The aim of this paper is to provide an overview of the method followed to build a set of queries oriented to capture the scientific production in WR, for the eleven year interval 2000–2010.	1
In order to provide an evaluation at the author level, we employ the well-known h-index metric (Hirsch, 2005).	3
readership, as measured by the number of readers and downloads, and readers'	3
Different latent construct models are analysed with a structural equation modelling approach.	3
Dedicating a large proportion of the GDP to research and to the publication of a high number of scientific papers would thus create fertile ground for obtaining Nobel awards.	5
The purpose of the present study was therefore to identify the 100 most-cited articles in neuroscience and to analyze their characteristics and inter-citation network.	1
In order to map the location of the key Nobel papers in specific domains that are more granular than the 12 large disciplines of science, but more concentrative than the 91,726 finely delineated clusters, we used the DC2 classification system which has been previously described [17] and which breaks science into 114 domains, aggregated from the 91,726 clusters.	3
To collect uncitedness data, the research articles, review articles, and proceedings papers published by the journals included in the samples and indexed in Web of Science between 2006 and the first semester of 2010 were used.	2
In order to assess the research undertaken in an area of knowledge, we look at the number of published papers, the citations they receive and the h-index [34].	3
Keywords "Financial Crisis*”, “Financial risk*” were used to search titles, abstracts, keywords or keywords plus of papers indexed in the Science Social Citation Index (SSCI) from the ISI databases.	2
We therefore do not expect to see any broadscale improvement in citation practices without active, explicit encouragement and enforcement of adequate citation practices by all parties involved in the reviewing process.	5
A total of 576 researchers' names were in the studied article bylines.	4
The global rankings included in this analysis are: (1) the “World University Rankings” from Times Higher Education, (2) the “Academic Ranking of World Universities” from Shanghai Jiao Tong University, (3) an unnamed ranking compiled by the Center for World University Rankings in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia, (4) the “QS World University Rankings” provided by Quacquarelli Symonds, (5) the “Best Global Universities” from US News & World Report, and (6) the “Webometrics Ranking of World Universities” from the Cybermetrics Lab of the Spanish National Research Council.	2
Our results clearly show that smaller universities have better results in size independent rankings including the THE and QS, while bigger universities can perform better in USNews and ARWU rankings which both have size-dependent indicators.	5
The findings show that as papers become more discoverable, their knowledge is diffused beyond their own broad field.	4
We focused our analysis on bioRxiv and medRxiv, 2 growing preprint servers for biomedical research, investigating the attributes of COVID-19 preprints, their access and usage rates, as well as characteristics of their propagation on online platforms.	1
To understand whether retraction is appropriate for reducing dissemination online, we first assess the extent of online circulation of erroneous findings by investigating variations in how often retracted papers are mentioned on different types of platforms before and after retraction.	1
In the present study, we use the order of author signatures and addresses for correspondence in scientific publications as variables to analyze the interactions between countries of very high (VHHD), high (HHD), medium (MHD), and low human development (LHD).	1
Video recordings of the lectures were made available to all of the students, with the most viewed video being accessed over 200 times.	4
Finally, a basic benchmarking model for university ethical performance is presented.	4
Duke University, Emory University, and the Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech) were among the first North American institutions to implement Symplectic Elements.	2
The VOSviewer, a mapping and visualization software program, was used for bibliometric analysis.	3
available for re-use while the Tableau interface enables visual exploration and filtering of the model for detailed analysis.	0
A first concrete opportunity is to fundamentally rethink notions of epistemic fit in reviewer match-making.	5
The main objective of this paper is to demonstrate proof-of-principle that shared references between two disjoint literatures provide a strong prioritization mechanism for selecting shared Title phrases for potential CSD.	1
School of Mechanical Science and Engineering, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan 430074, China	0
The mean plagiarism severity score (PSS) was 1.40 ± 2.39; higher scores reflect a greater frequency of plagiarism; the maximum score is 10.	4
In order to satisfy our goal, we implement both econometric models for count data, and panel data model with clustered errors.	3
Based on the results of a community algorithm, research themes were grouped into two research approaches in line with theoretical expectations on the organization of higher education research: (1) teaching and learning approach and (2) policy approach.	4
If all document types are considered, the Gold OA model nevertheless has a higher percentage than the Green OA model, which is notable because this result contradicts data presented in the Science-Metrix report (2018), in which the Green OA was preferred for making OA items available worldwide, but it is in good agreement with posterior studies conducted in WoS Core Collection (Bosman and Kramer 2018).	5
In this article, we demonstrate empirically that authorship, collaboration, and choice of methods used by tourism scholars are all gendered academic practices.	5
As of 2022, the retrieval efficiency of retraction records for 96 Chinese university names was compromised by the involvement of 402 university names, resulting in an overall retraction inflation rate of 37.9% and an average rate of 45.0%.	4
A sliding citation window of 4 years was applied in this study (e.g., for an item published in the year 2003 citations until 2006 were considered).	3
This paper aims to assess the relationship between quantity and average impact at the researcher level through an inferential analysis that controls for several individual characteristics that may moderate this relationship.	1
By considering citation inflation and the fact that papers from Social Sciences and Arts & Humanities need longer time to get cited, we select 2-year citation and 5-year citation to measure team impact.	3
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
The main objective of the portal is providing an overview of the scientometric indicators for research output from India as well as individual Indian Institutions.	1
Patents are generally embedded in the "other citations" patent section (referring to academic publications) and the "description" section (e.g., supplementary information and definitions).	4
The impact of each journal was assessed by calculating its Mean Normalised Log-transformed Citation Score (MNLCS) for the year examined, 2017.	3
This work was supported by USDA National Institute of Food and Agriculture (1020537).	0
Finally, we described how the Plagiarism Scoring Rubric, accompanied by the severity indices, supports instructors in scoring students' plagiarism and enables students to understand proper crediting of prior work better when citing and paraphrasing.	5
Kinesiology faculty should remember that citations to a scholar’s publications, like indexed in GS and other databases, should be used only as supplementary or confirmatory data for peer-evaluation of other faculty for promotion, grants, or awards.	5
Although China Mainland ranks first in the number of papers, in terms of total citations, USA (429,058) is 1.65 times higher than China Mainland (260,213).	4
They were then copied and pasted into MS Excel, and separated into components: authors, title, and publication year.	0
First, we review relevant studies on CSC's performance to summarize their findings and identify gaps in the literature.	0
Therefore, the purpose of this study is to: (1) examine various types of behaviour or actions that are considered to be types of research misconduct; (2) reduce the gaps in knowledge resulting from the lack of relevant data and analysis on the subject; (3) highlight issues on misconduct that have rarely been addressed or taken seriously and (4) serve as a starting point for new, focused, large-scale research, which would ultimately lead to the development of suitable training programs and strategic thinking at institutional, national or regional levels.	1
Overall, the conference papers had an average two-year citation count of 2.15, and the journal papers had an average two-year citation count of 1.53.	0
In this study, we examine (1) how the features of manuscript titles (word count, title features, and the usage of humor) have changed over time, and (2) whether the structure of a manuscript’s title is predictive of success of a manuscript during the manuscript review process and impact of a manuscript (using citations counts as a proxy) after publication.	1
Firm size is measured as the number of employees for the last available year (YLA) in the period 2015–2018.	2
As a first marker paper, we selected the publication by Becke (1988) in which he proposed a very popular density functional approximation for the exchange energy which was for example used together with the LYP correlation functional (Lee et al.1988) and in the very popular B3LYP functional (Stephens et al.	2
The participants expressed concerns about credibility of predatory journals in the open access publishing landscape.	4
Academic influence of publication sources on VCG based on number of documents.	0
The statistics reported here refer to papers which “report a discovery or invention” unless specified otherwise.	0
The bibliometric analysis uses the citation count of an article to measure its impact in the scientific community, yet there is still no comprehensive summary of gastric disease researches via bibliometric analysis.	1
Using articles published in 2005 covered by Microsoft Academic Graph, the current paper defines and calculates five indicators of references, i.e., the number of references, the number of citations of references, the age of references, the number of nodes in a reference cascade (a multi-generation reference network), and the density of bibliographic coupling networks by references, and investigates their relations with the citation impact of the focal publication.	1
To reduce the risk of including articles from predatory journals in knowledge syntheses, systematic reviewers should use a checklist to ensure a measure of quality control for included papers and be aware that Google Scholar and PubMed do not provide the same level of quality control as other bibliographic databases.	5
Furthermore, our results suggest that an even better performance could be obtained if scientists internalised reciprocity norms that would signal reviewing as a means to indirectly reward previous cooperation by peers (Squazzoni et al.	5
It can identify some outstanding scholars who are engaged in small-scale or emerging topic research such as female sports and are excellent in different research areas.	5
The equations are longer, but the calculation is straightforward (Dufour & Roy, 1986; Huber, 2000b).	0
For the ease of readability, however, we stick with the terms "established?nd "emerging topics?hroughout the remainder of the paper.	0
To improve our understanding of this phenomenon, we conducted a large-scale analysis of scientific publications from four multi-disciplinary science journals (Science, Nature, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), PLOS Biology (PLOS)).	1
National interviewers went through the coded interview data for each of these scholarly aspects to assess how ECRs were dealing with them, what was working well and not so well, and if things are being reformed or reshaped, and these data were coded and transferred to a spreadsheet for further analysis.	3
This study addresses the following key research questions:	1
In all of the analyzed journals, the proportion of degenerative diseases was dominant with an average of 44.9%.	4
E. Visser for discussion, and an anonymous reviewer and the editors for their comments on an earlier version of the manuscript.	0
The purpose of this investigation was to examine level of agreement between reviewers for Foot & Ankle International (FAI) and analyze variables which may have influenced agreement in order to better understand the peer-review process.	1
Although research by faculty at the institutions was found in 85 percent of the IRs, student scholarship—including “Theses, dissertations, and capstones” and “Student research”—was found in 89 percent of the IRs, making it the most-held object type at RPUs.	4
If an IR had been replaced, the replacement was targeted for the survey.	0
The research can also conclude that the multiplexing of software online, through the citation of a citation, ultimately leads to an online peered review system within the community, effectively developing and maintaining through open use software itself.	5
Our analyses confirm that increased HMR expenditure is associated with an increase in HMR publications in PubMed.	5
The Pareto rule does not apply to the citation distribution of TSs' publications.	4
The box plots for both paraphrases and structural and idea similarity show that the CbPD approach outperformed character-based approaches in identifying these forms of plagiarism.	4
Second, we analyze a sample of carefully matched “topic twins" - Chinese and non-Chinese articles with the same research question and method – which allows us to carefully control for the importance of the research question and the rigor of the method.	3
By using the example of COVID-19 vaccine, our results show that phylomemies can improve our understanding and knowledge on research planning at a global level.	5
Based on these considerations, we ask the following exploratory research question: how did Norwegian universities respond to expectations about open access, and how were these implemented in institutional-internal policies?	1
For example, an excess reciprocity p(i) = 0.1 for an author with 100 received citations would correspond to 55 of	0
After applying extensive data cleaning on the extracted data, a final set of 55,560 journal article records is obtained.	2
The profile of these publications shows that journals indexed by SciELO represent 67% of the 63,847 documents.	4
The proportion of paper mill papers published per year in the scientific literature has increased, from 0.04 per 100000 in 2004 to its peak of 10.6 per 100000 publications in 2019 (fig 1).	4
Grant holders in humanities were excluded from our analysis due to markedly different publication characteristics.	3
In summary, the machine-learning approach deployed in this paper helps to distinguish relevant knowledge flows.	5
Terms of use and reuse: academic research for non-commercial purposes, see here for full terms.	0
In a 2 x 2 between-subjects experiment, we manipulated the originality and statistical significance of the research reported in a fictitious abstract submitted to a small- to medium-sized conference and sent the abstract to voluntary reviewers.	3
We then matched the WOS publication records with our NSFC grant information using the grant number and the acknowledgements field of the publication records from WOS.	2
This may increase efficiency, but collaborations may suffer if personal communication among scientists is deemphasized.	5
To better understand the relationship between metrics and peer judgements of significance in chemistry, we have conducted a survey of chemists to investigate their perceptions of previously published research.	1
The first strategy relies on social media to promote publications of GPNG authors.	3
We estimated the degree to which rc(t) could arise by chance using a random bootstrap sampling method to calculate the distribution of the randomized (null model) test statistic rc,RND(t) and thus to assess the likelihood of type I (false-positive) mis-estimation.	3
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
One criterion was that authors had to hold a doctoral degree.	2
Consequently, we systematically investigate the career trajectories of researchers with respect to research impact using the social capital theory as our theoretical foundation.	1
From Table 5, it is evident that Lithuania makes significant contributions to the development of BJRBE.	4
We calculated the publication rate of papers that were retracted because of paper mills per 100000 papers published in a given year, over the total number of papers published for the same year.	3
We also found that the reviewer recommendations strongly affected if a paper was accepted or rejected.	5
In this reply we provide ample evidence that the issues raised do not weaken the main results previously presented in any substantial way.	1
Visualization maps that revealed collaboration networks were also created.	3
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.	0
VáSQUEZ-SALGADO et al.: BME RESEARCH IN CHILEAN UNIVERSITIES - A BIBLIOMETRIC ANALYSIS	0
Based on the subjects assigned to each publication venue by author examination of its coverage, physics overwhelmingly dominates mega-authored content, with 91.13% of the items being from this subject area.	4
The main set finally comprised 612 scholarly journals published in the Czech Republic.	2
The author, publication, and citation data are gathered using Google Scholar.	2
These results will help to improve the sustainability of publication in Saudi universities in order to enhance the universities' rankings and the reputation of academic staff.	5
= 13), g-index 35.57 (SD = 22.45, Ra = 86), AWCR 193.04 (SD = 178.34, Ra = 678), and AWCRpA 76.83 (SD = 67.10, R?	4
(3) Is the rate of cheating correlated with demographic variables?	1
The results highlighted the significant increase in the number of research papers reported from 2005 (3%) to 2014 (18%).	5
The citation counts and metadata of all documents of type journal article published 2007–2017 were downloaded from Scopus on 3-4 August 2017 using ISSN queries for all ISSNs recorded for each journal in Scopus (which processes left to right, rather than giving AND priority), as illustrated below.	3
Returnees who stay for an extended period benefits more from the mobilization where returnees with one-year-long -or less- research trips do not benefit at all with an exception of a limited increase in their international collaborations	4
When they are in a position to choose or influence where their research is published, ECRs' overriding preference is for top journals, that is, journals perceived to be of high quality and stellar reputation, which in academe translates to high IF (Nature Publishing Group and Palgrave Macmillan, 2015).	4
A national survey of surgery program directors and residents was performed.	2
A total of 430 completed surveys were returned, for a completion rate of 16%.	2
Given the high cost of collecting data compared with the relatively low cost of writing a mock report, we recommend the "mock report" strategy be done more often, especially for researchers planning a new and expensive study.	5
Here, we tested whether both laypersons (N=1532) and scientists (N=480) are prone to geographical bias when rating scientific projects in one of three scientific fields (i.e., biology, philosophy, or psychology).	1
Second, we incorporate the spatial features between institutions as a weight on edge in the collaboration network.	3
Globalization and recent innovations in the information and communication technologies have promoted scientific research through institutional, national, and international collaborations (K Chen et al., 2019; Mindeli & Markusova, 2015).	0
The differences between the actual performance and the perceived importance of IRs for each factor were estimated by using the relative importance index and t-test method, as well as other statistical methods to determine the ranking of different variables.	3
In addition, we identified three kinds of topic evolution patterns from Figure 6.	0
The results show how only a few platforms have significant coverage for studying the whole and in the case of Mendeley and Twitter, the coverage is superior to the citations offered by Web of Science.	4
We now compare the concept maps of the CI field in 2002 and 2006.	0
Note: Descriptive statistics of N = 336 German PhD-inventors patenting for 50 laser manufacturers (11 inventors patent for two firms).	0
translationalness), we adopt the APT score by Hutchins et al. (2019) and the TS score by Kim et al. (2020) as an alternative measure.	3
On the resulting layout minor manual adjustments have been performed for better visibility.	0
We also compare the counterpart absolute measurements S and I as measures of the overall strength and total impact</METRIC> of the group as a whole.	3
When the scholar's attention is not drawn to the most salient aspect of manuscripts in the choice context she faces, she simply values journal article k with equal weights to importance qk and inaccessibility pk, for example, following a linear utility: uk = qk ?	3
The inference was that there is a bias in the review process where reviewers preferentially favor proposals from the other review	0
The data pertaining to renewable energy production is retrieved from the U.	2
A simple univariate regression analysis was used to correlate the h-index results from GS with the corresponding result obtained from WoS.	3
The one who is interested in the underlying theory can refer to Zhang and Guo (2006) for further information.	0
Research funds in all six countries enjoyed a period of stability and implicit consensus on the policy direction.	4
Data collection was conducted between October 13, 2008, and March 16, 2009.	3
Figure 1 depicts the publication year distribution of the collected papers with full texts; we considered old papers while integrating a greater number of recent works.	0
The researchers developed two research instruments: (a) Student Evaluation of Teaching Quality Scale (SETQS) and (b) Semi-Structured Interviews Protocol for Returnees (SSIP-R).	2
UCS), as papers from all topics of computer science are published in J.	2
A re-ranking of journals using Eigenfactor Score, Article Influence Score, and Cited Half-life provides a better assessment of their significance and importance in particular disciplines.	5
This led to a final sample of 1,882 participants.	2
The geometric mean and a 95 % confidence interval was calculated for each country, subject and indicator.	3
The average values of publications, citations, and citations per publication have increased after receipt of the award, unlike the h-index.	4
The research question of this article is as follows: What are the major dimensions of the intergenerational divide between younger and older academic generations and how they are related to post-1989 developments in the higher education sector in general, and to recent higher education reforms in particular.	1
By identifying what makes countries successful in science, long-term development and the development of research universities are identified.	5
This article explores the application of journal quality and credibility evaluation tools to library science publications.	1
We measure the degree of interdisciplinarity of a paper using four well-established indicators, that is, variety, balance, disparity, and Rao-Stirling (RS), which were designed to measure interdisciplinarity based on the cited references (Chen et al., 2021, 2022; Stirling, 2007; Wang et al., 2015; Yegros-Yegros et al., 2015; Zhang</PERSON> et al., 2021).	3
The purpose of this research is to quantify and evaluate global research patterns and development trends in OGD research based on WOS database, which provides a quantitative perspective on OGD studies that may assist in advancing the development of the field.	1
For seven respondents it was not possible to identify whether they were academic physicians or non-academic GPs, so they were not included in the comparisons between the two groups.	0
All citing articles were screened to discriminate between articles in which Reuben's work was quoted as retracted, and articles in which his data was wrongly cited without any note of the retraction status.	3
The paper at hand aims to run a bibliometric analysis to inspect the main publications features of Ambio in Science Citation Index Expanded SCI-EXPANDED.	1
In closing, cumulative measures of future impact are not appropriate targets of predictive modeling because they contain trivial correlation by construction.	5
The author(s) declared no conflicts of interest with respect to the authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
For information on obtaining reprints of this article, please send e-mail to: tkde@computer.org, and reference IEEECS Log Number TKDE-2008-01-0018.	0
Moreover, the classification tree points towards the institutions' nature and the research areas as the variables that better explain OA publishing.	4
The above survey discusses the salient researches to quantitatively measure the knowledge flows using the bibliography database.	0
The next several sections of my Response focus on varying interpretations of the overall results presented in the target article, namely, that across disciplines and type of submission (manuscript, grant) levels of interreferee agreement (corrected for chance) tend to be rather low (R; usually below .40).	0
On April 3, 2023, Latin American scientific production documents from the Physics field were gathered from the WoS Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) database by using the following search directive: “Materials Science Multidisciplinary” or “Physics Applied” or “Physics Multidisciplinary” or “Physics Atomic Molecular” or “Chemical” or “Physics Condensed Matter” or “Physics Mathematical” or “Optics” or “Nanoscience” or “Nanotechnology” or “Physics Fluids and Plasmas” or “Quantum Science Technology”.	2
3) in ophthalmology in Australia and worldwide from 1980 to 2000.	0
A total of 11,299 articles and 5,579 Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) terms from the year 1978–2012 were retrieved by searching PubMed/MEDLINE using MeSH term “urban health”.	2
We first retrieved the scientific publications from PubMed by searching for all publications in 2015–2019 using the selected MeSH descriptors and all specific descriptors beneath them in the MeSH tree structure.	2
The comparison shows a good correspondence between simulated and calculated values of σh.	4
While the flow of articles by collaborators into affected fields decreases after the death of a star scientist, the flow of articles by non-collaborators increases markedly.	4
Thus, to arrive at a robust comparison of empirical productivity values for researchers belonging to different SDSs, we tested four scaling factors, finding that the most effective one is the average of the distribution of researchers with productivity above zero.	5
Publication authorship, I argue, offers a more fine-grained picture of academic research that provides explanatory power beyond simple refinement.	5
The most cited article received 1,277 citations, which in 2001 was also the top-cited article with 408 citations.	4
The majority of the 335 respondents, not surprisingly, indicated no use of author identifiers (59%, n=198).	4
What are the professional costs and benefits of engaging in IDR?	1
We notice that cultural proximity seems to play a role in how papers with dubious affiliations are distributed between nations.	5
database or sub database, it includes a factor, namely d (number of publications of all countries in all field) which is influenced by activities outside the country or countries and the field(s) of interest.	5
In fact, since 2012 JIPH has been ranked among the second quartile journals in two different disciplines: “Infectious diseases” and “Public health, environmental and occupational health” [16].	5
International collaboration, compared to general collaboration, is apparently advantageous in most but not all fields and seems particularly useful in the health, life, and social sciences.	5
Given the shift away from assessment based on Journal Impact Factor, we explored potential barriers to implementing and adopting the prioritized measures.	1
The high performance of high impact research prediction using our proposed models show that machine learning technologies are promising algorithms that can support funding decision-making for medical research.	5
All three of the archetypes we found - leader, specialized, and supporting were encountered for early-career and mid-career researchers.	4
This paper constitutes the first findings[1] of an international survey of journal authors which was commissioned by the Publishers Association (PA) and the International Association of Scientific, Technical and Medical Publishers (STM), with additional support from CIBER associates, early in 2005.	0
China, Spain, Australia, and Poland were successful overall across the 26 fields, expanding both their share of the world's output and its relative citation impact, whereas Japan, France, Sweden, and Israel had decreased shares and relative citation impact.	4
By recognizing the positive correlation between age diversity and research impact, funding institutions and policymakers can implement strategies that promote and support age-diverse research teams.	5
The differences between the groups included in the sample (such as basic and applied sciences and other disciplines) were identified using a T-test and chi-square test.	3
The results show persistent differences between East and West.	4
We used focus groups to gather data about how scientists and support staff, as the agents, respond to the policy environment.	2
For RPYS-CO, we selected the paper by Svante Arrhenius (1896) entitled “On the influence of carbonic acid in the air upon the temperature of the ground”, which has been cited around 600 times until present.	3
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
In our study, we assumed that the address of the coauthor represents the country of the article.	0
To analyse the evolution of prolific topics and clinical areas in the application of bibliometrics in medicine, we divided the study period into six sub-periods, namely 1970–1990, 1991-2000, 2001-2009, 2010–2013, 2014-2016 and 2017-2018.	3
PBs in obstetrics (OB-PBs) and gynecology (GYN-PBs) published from September 1998 to December 2009 were identified.	2
T100 articles were published from 1951 to 2011, with most articles published in the 2000s (n=77), especially the 5-year period from 2002 to 2006 (n=51).	4
We demonstrated that the most powerful research predictor of matching into a high-ranking research institution was applicant h-index, even after correction for the number of publications, article type, and journal impact factor.	5
The articles were analyzed by publication year, study design, research topic, journal impact factor, journal h-index, number of total citations (TC), recent citations (RC) (ie, citations in the latest 2 years), and average citation per year (ACY), as well as AAS, TN, and DBV.	2
There is a significant strong correlation between citation counts in WoS (and also Google Scholar) and the number of book reviews (correlation coefficient >0.600), which suggests that these indicators have a consistent effect reflecting the academic impact of books.	4
Xenu Link Sleuth 1.3.8 was used to find link errors, while miscellaneous errors were discovered using Internet Explorer 8 and Firefox 2.1.	3
As the h-index is important for many researchers and as not all researchers are very knowledgeable about this author-specific indicator, it seems to be necessary to make researchers more aware of scholarly metrics literacy.	5
Justifiability was measured with a single item: “To what extent do you consider the time it took between the date of original submission at the journal where it got accepted and final acceptance to be justifiable compared to the extent to which your manuscript has changed in the meantime?"	3
There was clear evidence that the raters differed in their leniency/severity and this is shown in the map of papers and raters in Figure 6.	4
To fill this gap, this article investigates the association between citation impact and topic growth rate in eight broad disciplines, including more than 4,000 topics.	1
However, Kuwait has the highest research productivity per million inhabitants.	4
The survey was conducted between October 2010 and May 2011 and its response rate reached 32% (N = 107).	2
We use multidimensional Legendre Polynomial as TDF to capture publication year and the number of citations per publication simultaneously.	3
We also wish to thank our referees for their helpful comments.	0
This is interpreted as an indication that research networks beyond national borders have been identified.	0
The Web of Science (WoS) database is the standard and most widely used academic information resource in bibliometric research (Deng & Xia, 2020).	2
Overall, the results help to uncover the underlying structure of the scholarly network behind ISPIM, which helps to better understand the key contributors and their networks, and also the development points and promising research collaboration opportunities.	5
That is a condition where it is possible to detect a certain reproduction of ideas or to locate nearby ideas in works of different authors.	0
Also, published issues were collected for review of the laws on confronting the fraud in Iran.	2
Overall, 205 and 871 articles were published in 2012 and 2017 respectively, in 198 HIJs.	4
In this study, the status of Political Psychology in Latin America in the 2000-2010 period was analyzed by means of a bibliometric analysis.	5
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
The title, abstract, authors, affiliation, year of publication and source title were collected for each citing paper.	2
The data were obtained from the Central Intelligence Agency (https:// www.cia.gov/the-world-factbook/).	2
Our specification is a fixed effects regression for the 22 universities and 13 periods of observation given by Eq.	3
One of the most important contributions of this study is the assessment of versioning as a concept in quantitative science studies.	5
assess the degree of implementation and development of various activities related with open science (especially activities related with research projects and scientific publications),	1
The t test showed that there is a statistically significant difference between the normalized citation impact as corresponding author (ni_ic_ca) and normalized citation impact as non-corresponding author (ni_ic_nca) when Brazilian institutions work in international collaboration (Table 3).	4
Narrowly, Olhager J. is the most productive authors while Kalchschmidt M. and Stentoft J. are the most influential authors (H-index of 4).	4
The number of papers published by Cell remained approximately the same, decreased slightly for Nature, and dropped in half for JCB in 2014 compared with 1984 (Fig.	4
For each pair of databases A and B, and a highly-cited document from GSCP X, all citing documents with a DOI that cite X according to A where matched to all citing documents with a DOI that cite X according to B.	3
The terms utilized in the title abstracts of publications and keywords of publications were analyzed by the above mentioned VOSviewer software (v.1.6.16, 2020): the paragraphs were broken down into words and phrases, and linked to the publications' citation data, in order to visualize the results as a bubble map.	3
Table 1 shows that the degree of equalization of the semantic network (1.927) is higher than that of the co-word network (0.882).	4
Five hundred documents were retrieved from 320 peer-reviewed journals.	4
In this paper we attempt to give a contribution to the birth of a new generation of rankings, one that might improve on the current state of the art, by integrating new kind of information and using new ranking techniques.	1
A sub-sample of the respondents (n = 21) also contributed qualitative data through semi-structured interviews or email responses to open-ended questions.	2
Bibliometric analysis is the quantitative study that is used to explore the literature of any subject domain.	3
Natural language processing techniques aimed at exploring the trends in the usage of author keywords over the entire article corpus and overlay visualization of the co-word network of terms occurring in article titles over the past few years (2016 – 2024) are carried out to answer the second research question concerning the research trends.	3
We based our criteria to refine the database on cluster evaluation.	3
In particular, our work fills a gap in the literature on the determinants of collaboration by showing that research productivity positively influences collaborations at intramural and international level.	5
The grant data used in the research is maintained by The Australian Research Council (ARC).	2
Therefore, this study aimed to map the road of collaboration between countries from 1999 to 2019 in oral implant research by using bibliometric parameters.	1
Formally, each author (p ∈ P) is represented by a finite state machine, defined by the tuple p := {c, wm, ws,u,u1, p} where c∈ R is the current amount of contribution the author have provided toward the shared objective, wm, ws ∈ R are the mean and standard deviation of the author's contribution to the shared objective in every single step in time, uo ∈ R is the personal utility from accomplishing the shared objective (i.e., publish the manuscript), and u1 ∈ R|P| is the personal utility from being in each position in the authors' list.	3
A corpus of 29k documents retrieved from the WoS.	2
Each new paper j cites with a probability p to the potential highly cited papers that have zones covering j and are published δ earlier than j, where δ ∈ Z+;	3
Our main idea was to construct a fitting model based on the data of other completed projects, referred to as Historical Projects (HPs), and then use NSGA-II to find a strategy for scientific research project funding allocation(we call Allocation Project, AP).	3
We found that among the basic medical research papers published by Lasker Basic Medicine Award winners, (1) 20% are cited by clinical research; 11.6% of the papers were more valuable for clinical research than basic research; 12.8% have a probability of more than 50% to be cited in future clinical studies;	4
To retrieve the related articles for this study, the Web of Science SCI Expanded database (online version) was accessed on the 10 October 2021.	2
Using negative binomial regression, we find that both the size and composition of professional networks affect scientific productivity, but bigger is not always better.	3
Table 1 indicates that the University of Cyprus went up on both factors, while Luxembourg and Malta had mixed results.	4
The number of unique institutions also increased significantly from 1.7 (1.1) to 2.4 (1.8).	4
At last, we use Bayesian network inference to analyse the relationships among paper citation and the influencing factors and present certain interesting findings.	3
How do strong ties in international scientific collaborations affect productivity and the number of citations of articles?	1
While Federal and industry contributions have fluctuated, the role of foundation funding of academic research has been growing with the rise of neo-philanthropists like Bill and Melinda Gates and others from the tech-boom.	4
To achieve this differentiation, we used the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ).	3
To map systems thinking about COVID-19 from the perspective of radiology, bibliographic data were collected to construct co-citation networks.	3
The quality of papers with stating funding sources (P=0.006), applying cost-utility analysis (P=0.003) and multiple analysis techniques (P=0.061) received statistically significant higher scores.	4
If broadly applied, this type of network analysis may help to enhance public understanding of and support for biomedical research, and could identify factors that facilitate decision-making in first-in-class drug discovery among academia, the pharmaceutical industry, and healthcare systems.	5
In both exercises we rely on a dataset constructed by Glen Ellison who graciously made it available to us.	2
Publications for identified surgeons were retrieved from Scopus between Nov.	2
The numbers of articles retrieved using these queries are shown in Fig.	2
We recommend that efforts are made among the OECD member countries to produce more reliable and commensurable international R&D statistics.	5
Using a constructivist mindset we used a two-phased mixed method descriptive case study to examine the interdisciplinary dispositions of academic staff, and the processes and practices used to conduct and nurture interdisciplinary research teams at one university.	3
Using bibliometric data such co-authored articles, references and lexical abstract terms from the Scopus database, a method is presented that is based on cosine similarity to measure the similarity of the knowledge base of authors and their co-authors.	3
In this paper, Jieba Chinese word segmentation system is selected for word segmentation of citation texts.	3
No significant difference was found when comparing the h-indices of assistant professors to associate professors (p = .80) (Figure 1).	4
In comparative terminology, which is terminology work that is carried out in two or more languages, the preceding steps are carried out independently in each language before the results are compared.	3
As figure 1 shows, publications at APSR are much less likely than AJPS to state that replication files are available, and somewhat less likely to provide replication files.	4
The most frequently utilised document type is the journal article (871), accounting for 69.18% of the total publications.	4
This study reveals longstanding patterns in the geoscience academic hiring network that have reinforced historical inequities that privilege graduates of prestigious programs over all others.	5
Based on 7089 research papers in the experimental field of quantum entanglement obtained from the Web of Science Core Collection database, this study investigates the 400 top-cited papers which were written by 498 first or corresponding authors from 188 institutions in 32 countries/territories.	1
Sci. is the most productive institution in this field.	4
'Antibacterial activity', 'Interfacial adhesion', 'Atmospheric-pressure plasma jet', ‘Dental implant', 'Surface morphology', 'Surface activation', ‘Polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS)', 'DBD plasma' and 'Superhydrophobicity' were derived as keywords for the candidates of emerging technology.	4
International collaboration was assessed by calculation of the proportion of biomedical research outputs within each of the MENA countries that had foreign addresses (a proxy for international co-authorship) between 2011 and 2018.	3
A sample of 1045 articles was selected and used for this analysis.	2
The results of document co-citation analysis suggest that the core literature in OGD tends to fall into three major clusters that focus on benefits and barriers of OGD, Linked OGD, and foundation of building open government.	4
Our paper contributes to the literature also from the technical viewpoint.	5
The 100 top-cited articles were cited between 26,578 and 781 times; they were published between 1957 and 2005, with the largest number (35) published in the 1990s.	4
We approached this issue by relating NSI research activity to the (1) total economic power index “gross domestic product” (GDP) per billion US-$, (2) GDP per capita, and (3) country population sizes (World Factbook (World Economic Outlook Database 2013)).	3
Cohen is Head, Sci- ence Library, Paul Klapper Library, Queens College of the City University of New York.	0
Our findings indicate that a $100 increase in submission fee can reduce the number of yearly submissions by up to 36 (or an elasticity of ?0.11).	4
The idea of using CSSCI to identify the research hotspots in a discipline is described as follows: we firstly calculate the frequency of the keywords in each document, and then pinpoint the research field which involves the high frequency keywords as the research hotspots.	3
In WoS its h-index is 7, there are seven publications that have received 7 citations or more.	4
The articles were segregated as Original, Review, Case Report/Series, Letter to the Editor/Commentary, Guest Editorial, Research methodology, Point-Counterpoint, Consensus Criteria, Ophthalmic Images, Photo Essay, Surgical Techniques, and AIOS Meeting Papers.	3
As the distribution of the HCR 2015 across the German federal states shows, around half of them come from two (out of a total of 16) federal states: Bavaria and Baden-Württemberg (see Table 1).	4
The time elapsed between the manuscript submission date and the acceptance date was found to be 7.98 ± 5.23 months (median = 7).	4
Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy (RPYS) is a method which has been developed for detecting historical roots and landmark papers in a certain research field (Liao et al., 2019; Thor et al., 2018b, 2021).	3
We find that the early phase of a field is characterized by disruptive works mixing of cognitively distant fields written by small teams of interdisciplinary authors, while late phases exhibit the role of specialized, large teams building on the previous works in the field.	4
By including additional parameters (Tables 4 and 5) a more complete picture of author productivity is achieved.	5
Again, it is important to point out the small effect sizes between the two samples.	0
Theoretically, our findings partially support scientometric theoretical frameworks suggesting that publication metrics are influenced by universalist and presentation elements.	5
We used MALLET (version 2.0.8RC2), a UNIX topic modelling tool (McCallum 2002), to calculate possible models, using MALLET’s default list of stop words.	3
Which key venture journals, authors, and countries are the most influential in the research of applying text mining in management?	1
Additionally, AASs, PlumX scores, and citation counts were log-transformed and adjusted by +1 for linear regression, and Spearman correlation coefficients were used to determine correlations.	3
Cuban researchers are not yet able to systematically generate research that has a significant impact on the international scientific community.	5
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Third, topics related to economic, political and societal problems (economic crises, monetary policy) and those that might be interpreted as linked to heterodox approaches adapt slowly if at all – and can only be found as peripheral research topics.	4
There were no noticeable changes in productivity/ impact before and after receiving the Alejandro ángel Escobar Foundation National Prize.	4
Funding, international collaboration, and open-access information were obtained directly from the Dimensions database hosted at CWTS.	2
Whatever the solution to improving access to conservation science, it is clear that we must take immediate action to make our science more accessible and therefore more likely to be used to solve real world conservation problems.	5
In all datasets, we confirmed that considering the search intention by providing an additional article increased the MAP value.	4
To ascertain the influence and utilization of the American College Obstetricians and Gynecologists practice bulletins (PBs) by measuring their citations in three different search tools.	1
To analyse impact (in terms of citations received), the period of study defined was 2005-2012 to ensure a broad and significant citation window (with citations collected through mid-2019).	2
from Journal Citation Report made by Thomson Reuters, and Scopus.	2
The range of the keywords in English publications was more extensive than those in Chinese.	4
If for the moment we set aside the re-scaling (score), Q = Mean (TP, TC, HiCP, ICP).	0
Both traditional and alternative metrics associate with higher citations in TAK.	5
The publications were collected from Google Scholar using Harzing's “Publish or Perish" software (Harzing, 2007).	2
The results aim to reveal the efficiency of the discipline portfolio choices at both the organizational and system levels.	1
(4) The challenges that appeared during our collaborations and how we coped with them, with what success, and how we critically reflect on this experience.	3
This paper contributes to the growing literature on the impact of connections to star scientists on the productivity of academic scientists.	1
The inference that the degree of co-citation and the times cited correlate was supported by a rejection of the null hypothesis (P < 0.05) at each trim level (Table 2).	4
The higher publication success rate among collectively prepared documents suggests the value of collaborative research experiences during undergraduate education.	5
The citation analysis measures the overall impact of the authors and publications.	3
Willett, Department of Information Studies, University of Sheffield, Western Bank, Sheffield, S10 2TN, UK.	0
An online questionnaire was developed and piloted by the researchers for the purpose of the study, with both quantitative and qualitative data collected as necessitated by each of the research questions.	3
Indeed, the UK-based political scientists strongly agree with the fact that 'scoring high on ratings and rankings increases confidence, and conversely scoring low increases self-doubt and decreases self-esteem' (Graph 24) – one respondent even comments that 'this is rather obvious'.	4
We will also show that the method can be applied using reference standards defined by any appropriate base-line distribution forming a superset of the publication set under study.	1
The Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection is comprised of three citation indexes (SCIE, SSCI, A&HCI) that index the most prestigious and high-impact academic journals in the world, covering a wide range of fields such as natural sciences, engineering, biomedicine, social sciences, arts, and humanities.	2
Please remember that these are for one-third of each year (January through April).	0
Received 27 August 2023; Received in revised form 15 February 2024; Accepted 10 March 2024	0
Out of 1343 articles published in IJO during the pandemic, 182 (13.55%) were COVID-19-related and 1161 (86.45%) were non-COVID-19-related articles.	4
Citations were evaluated and coded as grey literature or other (journals and monographs).	3
This article presents a clear picture of popular research topics in seminal literature to help practicing librarians and library science scholars gain a better understanding and considerable prediction on the research trends in the LIS field.	1
It was not supposed to provide new insights, nor draw any novel conclusions pertaining to predatory publishing, but rather to inform individuals of the current state of the literature which would take an enormous amount of time and funding were humans to conduct such an assessment.	5
An important difference found between ovarian and breast cancer research is that in ovarian research cross-national co-funding between the United States and United Kingdom prevailed (six cliques), while in breast research the dominant linkage occurred between United States and Canada (12 cliques).	4
The annual number increased from 87 in 1994 to 397 in 2013.	4
First authors were predominantly from the United Kingdom (17%), United States of America (17%) and Canada (14%).	4
First, the UMETRICS data provide record-level information on payments on sponsored research projects at 72 university campuses comprising 41% of academic R&D in the United States (11–13).	2
1), in terms of SCIE publications per million inhabitants, Belgium has by far the highest productivity, followed by Germany, France, and Luxembourg.	4
Author contributions WW: Processed the experimental data, performed the analysis, Contribution to the overall paper, Other contribution.	0
In total, 97% (n = 37) of the faculties provide information on external review, with 71% (n = 27) most frequently requesting one or two external reviews.	4
The interest of the scientific community in these expert opinions appears to be slight.	5
The core research frontiers which have a high degree of centrality values in the maps can be derived from maps, as summarized in Tables 9 and 10.	4
TNBC-related publications from 2007 to 2015 were retrieved from the Web of Science database.	2
3 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 2015	0
Addictions treatment literature is widely dispersed among multidisciplinary publications with relatively few publications providing most of the citations.	4
The four subjects that share the most with all other subjects (mathematics, physics, chemistry, and biology) do roughly half (51.5%) of the total amount of sharing.	4
Note: Significant differences were found between disciplines both in terms of citation counts and Price's index.	0
First, the number, forms, and names of contribution lists significantly differed among the three journals, although they adopted the criteria of the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors.	4
The main evaluation indexes obtained by this regression model are R-squared, mean square error (MSE) and mean absolute error (MAE), whose value are 0.75, 2.12 and 0.99, respectively.	3
Fayyad, Piatetsky-Shapiro and Smyth (1996) KDD consists of five phases: (1) selecting a data set; (2) pre-processing; (3) transforming data; (4) applying data mining methods; and (5) interpreting and evaluating.	3
In the text of this paper, our focus has been on developing measures that made sense.	0
Hence, the purpose of this study is to reveal the basic characteristics of the scientific activities in shale gas research between 2010 and 2020.	1
A list of each framework within the doctorate granting institutions classified by the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education was obtained for the purposes of this study (n = 256) based on their ranking for 2014.	2
Panel data models with random effects and cross-terms were used to illustrate the effects of the forward citation measures on firms' return on assets and return on sales, respectively.	3
a Department of Pathology, Leiden University Medical Center, Leiden, The Netherlands	0
This study analyzed the highly ranked articles in the fields of neurology and neurological disorders as identified using Altmetric analysis and evaluated the implications of this technique in terms of the recognition of neurology and neurological disorders among the general public.	1
The analysis is performed on data for the period between 1991 and 2010.	2
Data analysis was conducted in two stages: 1.	3
Considering the highly cited documents, in no field do the ESCI documents reach the expected values.	4
The Stirling index of the set of references of the corpus documents is widely used in the literature on interdisciplinary research and is defined as the integration score of the corpus under study.	1
The organization and epistemic goals of HEP laboratories shape each other.	5
Main research areas of published documents were in “Food Science/Technology” and “Chemistry” which constituted 75% of published documents compared with 25% for worldwide documents in nutrition and dietetics.	4
Thus, the development is more inclusive than before, with features more similar to an open system with some regional differentiation than the core-periphery grouping that characterized the global system in the past.	5
journal-based publications), in particular the key papers dealing with research on climate change and viticulture.	0
Conclusion: All GCC countries underwent an increase in quantitative research productivity over the last 3 years.	5
≤ c < C, the journal chooses a medium-quality standard and compensates the reviewer with an incentive of ψ/((pH + pM) ?	4
clinical guidelines), where research appraisal feeds directly into policy recommendations.	5
For author-level tracking, we define a self-citation as any instance where a given author cites their own articles.	1
Our findings have implications for individual researchers to strategically plan and promote their careers and for research institutions to better evaluate current as well as prospective employees.	5
In order to assess the international networking processes of Wroc?aw social sciences research collaborations a matrix was constructed.	3
To test the hypotheses, a frequency analysis was conducted through SPSS 15.0.	3
It was found that less discipline-specific vocabulary is used in higher IF journals and this is interpreted within the current context of manuscript publication and consumption.	4
This was a longitudinal study of 308 residents graduating from Mayo Clinic from 2006 to 2012.	2
A few of the triangular symbols have been slightly displaced horizontally for better visibility.	0
The USA produced the most research, while the most growth over the study period occurred in Japan, Spain, and China.	4
Experimental field research on peer review is necessary to understand its mechanisms, effectively contextualize it in psychological theories of various biases, and develop practical procedures to increase its utility.	5
Ten plastic and reconstructive surgical journals with the highest IFs between 2009 and 2013 were included in this study.	2
These limitations notwithstanding, we believe that the findings of this study do provide useful preliminary academic performance measures in addition to valuable information as regards peer researchers.	5
Second, there is a tension between ephemerality and permanence in blog discourse, which is important to recognize in relation to the potential for blogs to provide public peer review.	5
In memory of Professor Zeyuan Liu, a pioneer in the field of science of science (SoS) in China, we measured the direction and diver- sity of his interdisciplinary knowledge diffusion, based on his 371 publications and sub- sequent citations in the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) database, and 236 journal articles and subsequent citations in the Chinese Social Science Citation Index (CSSCI) database, respectively.	2
Using optimal matching to generate comparable groups pre- and post-policy implementation, generalized linear models were used to evaluate the ESI policy.	3
This allows platforms to be used to inform science policy development, to monitor data sharing practices and to steer funding prioritization for cohorts and data infrastructures themselves.	4
We investigate the output of top economics research by Australian academics from 2001 to 2010.	1
Lastly, it could be argued that my model does not particularly support the inferentialist view of knowledge sketched in Sect.	5
Such patterns could lay the groundwork for divergent career trajectories and might help explain why women in the sciences are less likely than men to seek tenure-track positions even after receiving their PhD (Canizares, 2009).	5
The data was obtained from the official website of IJO, editor IJO monthly emails, and PubMed database.	2
Data fabrication, data falsification and plagiarism were perceived as the most severe deviance.	4
Therefore, we aimed to analyse the characteristics of the 100 top-cited articles focused on AKI, and to determine achievements and advances in this field during the past century.	1
To quantify the exploration and exploitation behaviors reflected in each individual’s career across the three domains, we measure the style or topic entropy for the work one produces, defined as H = ?∑pi log pi, where pi is the frequency in which one devotes to an art style or topic i and m is the number of unique styles or topics.	3
Among COVID-19 articles (182), majority were letter to the editors 66 (36.26%), followed by original articles 39 (21.42%), commentaries 24 (13.18%), editorials 18 (9.89%), and preferred practices 13 (7.14%).	4
In conclusion, the findings from these four core topics underscore the broad impact of interdisciplinary research on addressing complex global challenges.	5
Finally, an electronic survey, in part informed by the semi-structured interviews, was distributed to all faculty staff and PhD students in January 2016.	3
The total 55,574 records have been extracted from the altmetrics data for the 332 journals in economics indexed by Academic Journal Guide (AJG).	2
We took bibliographic data from the Web of Science and converted into a network format by producing all possible pairs of two authors for each article.	3
More than half of the publications in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering and Measuring, Control are conference proceedings.	4
The other three themes were: authorship definitions, perceptions and practices; ethical and unethical authorship practices; authorship issues related to collaboration involving the student-supervisor relationship.	0
The reasons for this are that, besides being dependent on the used universe, i.e.	5
First, we collected all information available on journal websites and in editorial reports, aiming to cover the period 2000–2020.	2
(2016), Ho and Hartley (2017), and Teixeira et al.	2
In my view this already means that there is a meaningful difference between these two measures.	5
The median US individual subscription costs (USD/Year) were significantly different for life sciences, medical, and surgical journals ($259 [$209–$282] vs.	4
In addition, the most prolific author was Maha S Zaki, and the most prolific source was the "Egyptian Journal of Radiology and Nuclear Medicine".	4
A look at the International Classification Codes (www.wipo.int/classifications/ipc/en/) allocated to the final set of prior art documents I had collected shows that they were classified chiefly in computer-related technologies (Computing-G06 and Information Storage-G11), electronics and electricity (Basic Electronic Circuitry-H03, Basic Electric Elements-H01, Electric Communications-H04, Controlling and Regulating-G05, and Machine Tools-B23), and image-related technologies (Optics-G02 and Photography-G03).	4
We find that papers published by early-career scientists are (on average) more likely to try out newer ideas than papers published by late-career scientists.	5
We first investigate attrition rates by studying the percentage of the initial PIs who remained active in the NIH system and find that the attrition rate of the two groups differed significantly (Fig.	4
What many commentators and evaluators have interpreted as an element of chance in the peer review process may also be understood as partly a result of the dynamic aspects of collective anchoring effects.	5
Publishing in predatory journals is not a problem specific to researchers in developing countries, but researchers have found that research scientists in developing nations are more likely to fall prey to their tactics.	5
The objective was to identify and characterize the top-cited articles published in the Journal since 1920.	1
Most countries show relative decrease in the number of published papers during the last five-year interval (2011-2015), while the most perceptible growth is demonstrated with articles authored by physicists from Turkey.	4
A total of 1282 articles that met the research criteria were published from 1995 to 2020.	4
Time evolution of the 315 ISI indexed articles written by Professor Ebeling	0
There is strong evidence that authors of systematic reviews and meta-analyses may be unaware of the retracted status of publications and treat them as if they are not retracted.	4
Abbreviations: AHNS-RGP, American Head and Neck Society Research Grant Program; NA, not applicable.	0
Co-citation analysis was performed using Vos Viewer version 1.6.14.	3
At the time we conducted our interviews, the total population of recipients was 29.	2
In this paper we have studied the knowledge evolution in physics restricted to the APS citation network.	5
Thus, the purpose of this study is to analyze PSs distribution and retention trends, identify factors related to their retention, and consider the policy implications.	1
The second stage comprised information gathering, and an instrument was designed and validated based on the Social Impact Assessment Methods (SIAMPI) methodology developed by [12].	3
This paper is an exploratory one examining a particular research agenda labeled translational research, aiming to increase IDR in the biomedical sciences; its relevance to our research issues is explained in the following section.	1
There was a tie in the top twenty, resulting in 21 total authors.	0
To evaluate the optimal number of topics for our main model, we adopted the perplexity approach (Blei et al., 2003; Jacobi et al., 2018).	3
Inbreeding is more visible in the two oldest universities, Porto (82.4 %) and Coimbra (75.6 %) (Table 6), when compared to the new universities, Nova de Lisboa and Minho (62.4 and 66.1 %).	4
We analyzed these data using thematic content analysis methods (Braun and Clarke, 2006; Ritchie and Spencer, 2002)	3
To summarise, the explored Ukrainian journals sustain means-ends decoupling, the degree of which varies from case to case.	5
Excluding terms would have resulted in a potential bias and decreased the objectivity of the study.	0
Results suggest that political scientists should supplement quantitative indicators of article and journal impact (which are based only on citations in peer-reviewed articles) with similar measures that account for the scholarly influence of published books.	5
The first correlates journals based on shared school authorships.	3
The problem of “compromised” peer review first appeared on the COPE website in 2011 as part of its Forum, a “self-help group for editors" (Jacob 2019, 80).	4
However, many new doctors do not publish in Web of Science after completing their doctoral thesis.	5
Support vector machine (SVM) model is one of the classification models which has been widely used in classifying the citation sentiment of citation context.	3
Our analysis of the emerging ES research field demonstrates that research institutions may operate affectively, in addition to more direct means to govern research.	5
The US distribution stochastically dominates the remaining distributions (i.e.	4
Further analysis of systematic reviews citing retracted publications is needed to determine the impact of flawed data.	5
Web of Science (WoS) is the most authoritative academic publication and citation repository, especially the core collection database of WoS composed of “Science citation index expanded,” “Social sciences citation index,” and “Arts and humanities citation index."	2
JCPSP was the most cited document in the reference list of the research documents.	4
We conclude that the geometric approach has a similar performance as the fractional approach regarding ARI and silhouette width.	5
While the implementation of faculty profile systems at Duke, Emory, and Georgia Tech followed paths that were unique to each institution, there are common lessons learned.	5
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
Reduced list of 215 active participants in the Gordon conferences (extract)	0
In a two-phase survey, we investigate scholars' familiarity and usage of traditional metrics and altmetrics.	1
To define publication quality, the SCImago Journal Ranking for each individual journal identified in the study (SJR, www.scimagojr.com) was chosen as a surrogate for publication quality.	3
Conflicts of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non- financial interests to disclose.	0
News and World Report Law School Rankings, Osborne & Miller (2020, p.	4
Acknowledgements Ulises Orbe-Arteaga, MSc, was a research fellow at the MRI unit of Medica Sur Clinic and Foundation during 2014-2015.	0
The purpose of this paper is to share our experiences and to highlight lessons learned from the establishment of our institutional repository (IR) while collaborating in a state-wide initiative to showcase the scholarly output of New Jersey researchers.	1
We approximate the impact of the publications by citation counts.	3
The third goal is to perform a preliminary analysis of the current situation of the academic community's response to COVID-19.	1
I will discuss the validity of the JIF for the distinction between (top) journals within the category Cardiac & Cardiovascular Systems of the Web of Science.	1
This results in a dataset of 1616 distinct research articles, including 10 query papers, 90 co-cited articles, and 5116 citing articles.	2
The general procedure consists of two main steps: (i) normalization of the values for each variable comprising performance measures, (ii) data overview and variable selection by principal component analysis (PCA) using a Biplot representation.	3
Finally the paper has greatly benefited from the constructive comments provided by the three anonymous reviewers of this paper.	0
Finally, we confirm that the Web of Science database search function for compound family names gives erroneous output which can disadvantage those academics with such family names.	4
To detect the effect of interest-based calculations, the bibliometric information was used.	3
We expect that our method will provide new insights to portfolio analysis.	5
The paper discusses why revised Web impact factor (RWIF) is more meaningful than simple WIF.	1
An alternative route was taken by employing Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) to identify underlying themes or topics in these publications.	3
In 2012, 1340 university journals including English-language journals were tested on the rate of reference repetition by the Chinese Academy of Press and Publication (Lu, 2019, pp.	2
In both Figure 1 and Figure 2, an increase in co-publication is observed, consistent with the values in Table 2.	4
I do not wish to support the use of these metrics.	0
The basic idea behind a zero-inflated model is that zero values are generated by a different process than the positive ones.	3
Its initial size included 980 educational institutions of higher education.	2
The results in this work may, therefore, provide revealing implications for the structure and evolution of other interdisciplinary co-authorship networks, as well as the corresponding collaboration modes of the fields themselves.	5
See Appendix, Figure A.1 for journal wise movement of mean citation count by year of publication.	0
Duplicates and articles irrelevant to social tagging in other disciplines such as geotagging in geography were removed after search results from all the databases were merged.	2
number of publications) of approximately 2000 academics over three years with their BRI performance (i.e.	3
FSR received 352 submissions from the date of the journal's establishment on 12 December 2016 to 14 November 2019, and to date final decisions (acceptance or rejection) have been made with regard to 291 of these manuscripts.	2
If so, similar strategies could be successful in battling other cancers.	5
Content analysis based upon keywords was used to examine changing trends in the field and to identify emerging areas of scientific interest.	3
The objectives of this study were to: 1) measure and describe over time the combined h-index of a large university medical imaging department; and 2) examine what factors influence a positive increase in departmental h-index.	1
View the table of contents for this issue, or go to the journal homepage for more	0
Introductions, editorials, comments, book reviews, erratums, etc., were excluded from the data set.	2
All conditions introduced so far dealt with both rankings and indices.	0
With the approach proposed in the paper, we attempt to answer the following questions: which journals show an interdisciplinary scope when we look at the authorship of their publications?	1
Publications that reported on the associations between physical activity and health, or effects of physical activity on health, in older adults made up 60% of the highly cited publications.	4
the impact in terms of im- provement in diagnosis and treatment skills; 4.	3
We have demonstrated that some factors are associated with a higher scientific productivity.	5
One aspect of the results that is rather striking is that among the 10 most influential social work faculty, 8 individuals are found who are not themselves social workers.	4
Figure 2.—Revenues of academic health centers expressed in constant 1960 dollars.	0
Sub-network of co-authors (the 32 greatest c-index authors whose c-index are greater or equal to 5).	0
This study investigates the effects of funding policy change on the scientific performance measured by research output of government research institutes (GRIs) in South Korea.	1
We do not find a robust association between cognitive proximity (log_PrevSpecialCorr) and the number of cross-country research collaborations.	4
For these articles, the following were recorded: country of the first author, single-centre or multi-centre design, country of origin of the authors, abstract word count, level of evidence, whether the study was sponsored by a scientific society, and the subspecialty of the study.	3
We conducted a thorough experiment to investigate several important characteristics of the categories, including how individual categories attract citations, how categorization is influenced by year and publication venue, how each category is affected by self-citations, the stability of the categories over time, and how much each of the categories contribute to the core of the network.	1
We use two indicators of research quality defined by ANVUR based on the evaluation results.	3
Before the results are discussed, the limitations to the method should be made clear.	0
The chart helps explain that the fluctuations in Fig.	4
This latter DOI was then used to query the Europe PubMed Central database and retrieve the journal and the first publication date for each published manuscript, filtering out manuscript published in journals not indexed in PubMed.	3
The characteristics of recent National Institutes of Health (NIH) grant funding to anesthesiology researchers in United States (US) medical schools have not been systematically quantified.	1
An analysis of the long-term development in research policy and research funding can be carried out in a Danish context due to newly created time-series of public research funding covering more than four decades.	2
We consider differences between the new metric and several traditional measures, including the impact factor, PageRank, and Field-Weighted Citation Impact (FWCI).	3
Questions remained as to whether or not the factors had any relationship to one another, how closely they were related, and which factors were more important than which others.	0
He describes himself as a generalist and contributes collection management and archival services to various institutions with theological collections, both locally and internationally.	0
As the databases have grown, the number of conference proceedings records has generally increased over time (Fig.	4
To understand the differences in the cited concepts and citation functions between NS and SSH articles, a classical multidisciplinary work that has frequently been cited by researchers from various disciplines is used as the cited source in this study—Price's book on scientometrics entitled “Little Science, Big Science” (LSBS).	2
There are 8,421, 5,590, and 2,136 article, patent, and drug nodes and 41,200 citations in the largest weakly connected component of the constructed heterogeneous citation network.	2
One significant point of this work is that automatic classification of documents on the seven defined topics on the basis of MeSH and KW Plus terms, using (g ≥ 0.2), shows that nearly 50% of the documents included in Web of Science are not included in the seven topics.	5
This research used two nation-level cultural datasets to investigate the relationships of national culture and the citation impact of nations.	2
Objectives: 1) Describe the landscape of CTSA Mentored Research Career Development Awards (CDA) and 2) evaluate participation and outcomes of child health investigators in these programs.	1
The scholars affiliated with 138 countries have published their works in this jour- nal between 1975 and 2019.	4
The impact factor (IF), as defined by the Journal Citation Reports (JCR), was used to evaluate a journal’s relative importance, especially when compared to others in the same field (Osca 2005; Gregerio et al.	3
White and Asian scholars also showed significantly greater research impact in this model than underrepresented minorities.	4
are collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to The American Statistician	0
In going through a series of generations of citing papers the whole exercise would have rapidly become impractical if all the papers citing the original key articles were then used as the basis for the next generation of citing papers.	5
Odds ratios for early collaboration with top coauthors in logistic regressions are: 1.19 for Cell Biology, 1.15 for Chemistry, 1.14 for Neuroscience, and 1.14 for Physics.	4
We hypothesized that gender imbalance in authorship of papers might influence the shape of those networks, allowing to uncover patterns from gender differences.	1
Through real-world examples, it is illustrated that citation analysis can reveal the regularities that are otherwise hidden during the evolution of science.	5
Section 4 provides a discussion of our findings, after which we conclude the paper.	0
From this perspective, this study demonstrates the versatility of using keyword databases in journal diversity studies.	5
It was found that there are no significant difference between the estimated AoR's and RoA's calculated in the simulation study, since the confidence intervals covered zero in all cases considered.	5
The goal of the study here is to model and analyze the relation between research funding and citation-based performance in science to predict the diffusion of new scientific results in society.	1
They are also analyzed (according to author set cardinality) under different circumstances, that is, when documents are written in different types of collaboration, when documents are published in different document types, when documents are published in different computer science subdisciplines, and, finally, when documents are published by journals with different impact factor quartiles.	1
The tables presented here given only a tiny part of the results.	0
This does not alter our adherence to PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
An entity is determined to have a Hirsch-index or h-index of h when it has h number of papers that have been cited h times.	3
This paper will focus on a particular field of scientometrics, that is, journal ranking.	1
This study expands the theoretical framework of technological knowledge diffusion by identifying the Sleeping Beauty phenomenon of technological innovations and provides theoretical and methodology support for identifying advanced and transformative technologies based on patent data.	5
The content on IRs in public universities in South Africa is still dominated by ETDs followed by journal articles, archival material (which included art, special collections, and historical artifacts), and journal volumes and issues.	4
We verified that Brazil is the only country in Latin America that is pictured among the most productive ones.	4
Pediatric critical care has made considerable progress in the number of trialists and randomized controlled trials, but the research enterprise remains highly clustered and fragmented, particularly geographically.	5
This means a peer review process that is focussed on Integrity, whilst upholding standards of Ethics, Fairness, Usefulness, and Timeliness.	5
Here we do not consider specific techniques of reducing errors, but want to know the merging error level of empirical data based on informative features of authors.	1
We sampled four disciplines from sciences' major research areas, namely Genetics (natural sciences), Psychiatry (medicine), Economic and Managerial Engineering and Applied Economics (social sciences).	2
Then, the failure probability can be close to 0.5, which is equivalent to evaluating by coin flipping.	4
Spearman rank-order correlation was used to measure the association between regional socioeconomic indicators and bibliometric indices.	3
However, in this study, the authors introduce an extended IDR measure that combines the P-Rank algorithm with the traditional IDR approaches to promote the current IDR approaches from the popularity dimension to the prestige dimension.	1
The peer review of grant applications for scientific and technical merit is legislatively mandated under amended Title IX of the Public Health Service Act (42 USC 299 et seq) and implemented under Article 42 CFR 52 h.	3
The evolution of the core-document network represents the general tendency of shifts in topic, authors and application in an adequate manner.	5
The h-index was calculated for all 188 surgeons via the use of both Scopus (manually calculated, as described in Part I, to include pre-1995 publications) and Google Scholar using Harzing's Publish or Perish Application (http://www.harzing.com/pop.htm).	3
The purpose of the study was to examine the status of Africa in the open access environment as well as the challenges of providing global visibility to African research outputs.	1
The h-index is calculated as the number h of papers, published by an author, with at least h citations.	3
The results reveal that both research grants and the position of researchers in co-publication networks have a positive influence on scientific output.	4
It was then proposed that Lakatos' MSRP and his classifications of “progressive” and “degenerative” programmes could be repurposed to evaluate journals and scientific publishing more broadly.	5
In this report, we focused on analyzing the trend of new and renewal competing R01 applications, as a measure of the most prevalent NIH funding mechanism that supports many US laboratories, and the new science being proposed in the field.	1
combined data obtained from eight universities on their doctorate recipients with data from business registries and the U.S.	3
2 histogram shows the modeling power, or the weight that each of the five variables has in the SIMCA model score.	4
Data were analysed using Stata 14.2 (StataCorp, College Station, TX, USA).	3
He is currently on leave as the Ulam Scholar at the Center for Nonlinear Studies at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico.	0
An analysis of 9,957 papers published by Indian scientists and indexed by WoS in 12 sub-disciplines of life sciences during 2008–2009 indicates that academic institutions produced the highest number of papers.	2
This contribution of this study is that it offers a comprehensive view of the status quo and predicts further research trends.	5
Research evaluation is a multi-dimensional problem as there are multiple input dimensions, multiple output dimensions and a country space of many dimensions.	1
This has created an avalanche of scientific information which has crushed the ability of specialists to dedicate the time and focus necessary to read and fully comprehend these publications (Rayner et al.	4
There is a high correlation between the values of Transitory and International Collaboration, and between Sedentary and Institutional Collaboration.	5
After manually exploring the high-frequency text, cue words and phrased (Table 1) were developed to identify the IMRaD section types (introduction/background, method, results, and conclusion/discussion).	3
As a second objective, a hierarchical classification can also be coupled to maps of the sciences at different levels of granularity (Zitt, Ramanana-Rahary, & Bassecoulard, 2005), so that one would be able to zoom in and out in order to distinguish among fields, sub-fields, sub-sub-fields, etc.	1
Then, we applied k-means clustering using the biplot scores and Euclidean distance as a measure.	3
We used the UT Dallas Top 100 Business School Research Rankings?	2
This study aimed to investigate the conceptual structure of lodging studies published in 16 leading academic journals in hospitality and tourism between 1990 and 2016 through co-word and SNAs.	5
Furthermore, the proposed prediction methodology, harnessing multiple domain- specific models and early citations, surpasses four state-of-the-art baseline methods in most instances, substantially enhancing the accuracy of citation impact predictions for diverse collections of academic papers.	4
AMC was selected as the study site considering its high volume of research activity and publication.	2
Case studies featuring socio-semantic graphs, socio-semantic hypergraphs and socio-semantic lattices are notably discussed.	3
The same regularity can be observed for the world's top 30 and the US's top 50 universities; however, the correlation is now skewed by the so-called cumulative advantage or the Matthew Effect, which evidently rewards those that are ranked at the top of the Academic Ranking of World Universities.	4
Compliance with ICMJE was mentioned by 10 (83%) ICMJE member journals, 75 (91%) English-language journals, and 29 (29%) Japanese-language journals.	4
Scopus was selected as the database of choice for this study.	2
All participants were selected based on having a shared specialist focus on some aspect of the development, application or implications of AI.	2
In the performance of such technics as Van Slyke analyses of blood gases, considerable skill is required for precise work, but this technical skill cannot be considered creative thinking.	0
The results obtained here suggest that, at least in a visual domain, selected metrics may provide a useful measure of language quality from a qualitative and quantitative point of view, as well as the relative spatial abstractions of a text.	5
The study answers the following research questions: (1) Is there a relationship between author gender and self-citation behavior?	1
The main objective of this work is to ascertain whether the field of nanoscience represents only one well defined single major field of science (group of associated categories as defined by the Web of Science) in terms of shared citation patterns (references) or it can perhaps be divided into several distinct groups where each group possesses some distinguishing characteristics which differentiate each particular group from other possible groups.	1
This is followed by a second phase: a qualitative analysis of selected interviews conducted with collaborating scientists in Australia and China.	3
Figure 1: Maximum impact factor versus the number of journals in clinical medical fields	0
(2018), macro F1 12.68% higher on ACL-ARC and 6.44% higher on Scicite than Structural-Scaffold (Cohan et al., 2019), macro F1 15.04% higher on ACL-ARC and 0.12% higher on Scicite than Beltagy and Cohan's SciBERT Frozen (2019).	4
Author contributions Conceptualisation: [MK & IR]; Data collection [AY]; Data analysis and interpretation: [AK, IR, MK]; Writing—original draft preparation: [MK & AK]; Writing—review and editing: [IR, MK]; Final approval of the version to be submitted—all authors approve the submission.	0
In terms of the versions of journal articles that researchers are depositing into either SBR or IR, Figure 5 shows that physicists are more likely to submit a preprint than either economists or clinical medics (x2 = 85.5, p < .001).	4
These new measures explain NASA's enthusiasm for these projects: all have reached at least one of our waypoints, and two, the Microencapsulation Project and the Hyperspectral Imaging, have achieved three waypoints.	4
These metrics facilitate the ranking of fields based on both indicators at each university, and the degree of similarity between the two rankings can be assessed using the tau-b Kendall correlation statistics (Conover, 1999; Kendall, 1938).	3
Thus, at a science-wide level, section headings are partly unreliable indicators of citation context, even if they are more standard within individual fields.	5
To conduct linguistic analysis of the peer review texts in our sample, we utilized the readability Python package (Van Cranenburgh, 2019).	3
First, when P-scores and H-indices agree, we find venues that have proportionate amounts of popularity and reputation among computer scientists.	5
A total of 14,275,435 entities and funding data of 472,976 projects (funded with approximately $4,086 hundred million) are ultimately reached.	2
In total, the 26 countries inspected produced 82,121 publications; the 15 countries chosen for further analysis were responsible for more than 95 per cent of these publications.	2
Open access citation data was obtained from PubMed Central (PMC).	2
beliefs, ideologies, and practices) of engineering education research (EER) and how they are enacted through peer review processes.	1
The participants selected for this study are chief editors of Malaysian local journals published under the authority of three top-ranked universities in Malaysia.	2
A.K.: conceptualization, data curation, formal analysis, investigation, methodology, validation, visualization, writing—original draft, writing—review and editing.	0
Submitted for publication Jul 8, 2006; last revision received Dec 19, 2006; accepted Feb 1, 2007.	0
Capitalist dynamics in knowledge production are not limited to situations in which direct economic interests influence the practices of researchers.	5
Texas A&M University dominates over Indiana University, Arizona State University, University of South Carolina, and Michigan State University by a large margin among the scholars' affiliated institutions.	5
It is unknown whether research productivity among residents is related to broad measures of clinical achievement.	1
Received March 2, 2012; revised March 29, 2012; accepted March 30, 2012	0
The content-based approach had been implemented because the proposed technique was extended from it.	3
From Figure 1, we can see that the first cybernetic paper was published in 1948 ("Cybernetics" by Wiener (Wiener, Cybernetics 1948b)).	4
[12] (sixty-four citations) and three other articles, two with fifty-nine citations [13,14] and one with 49 citations [15].	4
This study aims to fill this blind spot by providing a comparative picture of 12 of the most commonly used ASEBDs.	1
In phase 1, a conceptual framework was developed with seven overarching categories: 'Study structure and quality'; 'Team and infrastructure'; 'Acceptability to patients and professionals'; 'Study justification and design'; 'Risks and contingencies'; 'Outputs'; 'Value for money'.	4
The transformations that they represent are thus only interesting in as far as they produce a ranking different from that based on T alone, because only then could they conceivably add any value (if one can argue for this other ranking on plausible grounds).	5
Because of data limitations in the earlier years, we restrict the analysis to the years 2005-14.	2
The findings of the analysis of Iranian cancer researchers' co-authorship network do not show a high density for this network.	5
The authors wish to thank Susan Hezlet of the London Mathematical Society for providing the data used in this study.	0
Orthopaedic researchers must recognize the potential benefits of OA publishing and its emerging presence within the field.	5
To combine these three requirements, we turn to Kim and Diesner’s (2014) work, where coauthorship credit allocation is conceptualized by a directed network approach.	3
The majority of the publications were from Europe (40) and North America (33).	4
The difference between the baseline condition and the warning was significant (x2(1, N = 267) = 11.9, p < 0.001).	4
In Web of Science, papers received enough citations to place it in the top 1% in the same subject area and in the same publication year are classified as highly-cited papers.	2
The graph demonstrates an exponential annual growth rate of 18.65% among 252 identified journals, with the significant increase happening year by year from 2019 to 2022, where the scientific publication in 2019 was 176 documents and increased to 294 documents until December 2022.	4
Based on distribution of observed articles published between 2001 and 2010, the relationship between the number of articles indexed in WoS by Iranian and Turkish parasitologists (X) and the year of publication (Y) was found to fit an exponential model with the following formula for Iran and Turkey as follows:	3
Inevitably, this leads to a question: how impactful is the research done by speech pathologists compared to research headed by otolaryngologists?	0
Based on social network analysis, the research community is only loosely connected, and the network of the community does not fit with the small-world network theory.	4
The data set consists of papers published in eight elite journals related to mathematical finance from 1999 to 2016.	2
We use them to compare research performance in science and engineering, (a) across countries, very briefly, and (b) among Indian research organizations, for which we refine the data to carry out subject-level comparisons.	1
This factor is compiled as the ratio of a country's percentage of references in the publications of a country to its world-share of publications, in a given scientific field.	3
We collected the dataset for this study from the PubMed Knowledge Graph (PKG), which is a comprehensive, open access, and enhanced PubMed with rich and fine-grained information (Xu et al., 2020).	2
Five university libraries in Ghana, from amongst the country's 92 higher education institutions, were purposively selected because they were the only universities listed on the DOAR (2018).	2
The results carry three implications for scientific transparency: retraction notices need to be more informative; limitation sections ought to be a required and even an open section of all published articles; and finally, promoting 'heroic acts' in science can positively change the current publishing culture.	5
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the "Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Category Normalized Citation Impact for OA and all publications.	3
Our main analysis did not find evidence of the existence of reviewer anchoring effects in peer review.	5
Our findings highlight several important issues for the field of medical education research.	5
To retrieve the publications, Scopus (http://www.scopus.com) was accessed on March 12, 2021, and an advanced search was performed using a filter by country (Cuba), source (journals) and type of articles (article and review).	2
To analyze the attention received by institutional repositories in academia, the researchers explored the publication trend of this subject and the citations of relevant articles.	5
People (7) were frequently identified as the most helpful resources (4 faculty, 2 students, 1 industry).	4
BRFSS data are widely used, particularly by CDC and academic institutions such as the University of Washington and other universities hosting top-ranked schools of public health.	5
Hence, this study aims to perform a statistical analysis of research integrity construction in Chinese universities with medical programs, based on the content displayed on their official websites.	3
Only in 15 subject areas does India have a presence among global institutions in the 22 areas in which there are at least 50 institutes globally that have published more than 500 papers.	4
We present publication patterns using one full year of publications data from the CORD-19 database, and observations on non-COVID peer-reviewed publications using the Web of Science, to examine national and international publication rates and network patterns.	1
The objective of this study was to examine empirically what factors influence authors' decisions on which economics journal to submit to, focusing on three sets of demand factors: (manuscript) submission fee, observed journal quality (such as impact factor and ranking), and journal usage (such as abstract views and library subscriptions).	1
If RCR was discussed, the faculty stated this happened informally and infrequently in group meetings or other settings.	4
The first, most elaborated theme (cluster 1), which includes the highest number of words, deals with the historical development of the Balkan peninsula throughout the centuries and since the Ottoman Empire.	4
The positive and statistically significant coefficients of Novelty indicate that the higher the atypicality in research knowledge combination, the more the research addresses emerging topics in the field, which support Hypothesis 2.	4
We replicated Bohannon’s (2016) analysis published in Science, but limiting the data to that pertaining to Latin America.	3
However, the page ranks are to some extent satisfactory.	4
Visual co-occurrence network of the temporal changes in the focus of the sports culture education research in CSSCI	0
Using the aforementioned areas we defined two new metrics: ?	5
The study at hand examines to what extent this dilemma is empirically justified.	1
Those consenting explicitly to the REF2014 definition of impact did not discuss other possible meanings of ‘having an impact' in any depth despite the open-ended nature of the interview questions.	4
Craniofacial and cleft-related research published between July of 2005 and June of 2015 was identified.	2
Four authors were associated with most of the retracted articles (59%).	4
RQ1: How does the founding year of the publication affect diversity of (a) first author's country of origin, (b) countries of data collection, and (c) research approaches?	1
Future research could delve into the relatedness of fields in which the scientists diversify.	5
The results imply that LIS researchers prefer partnering with colleagues who are nearer, mainly from the same institution.	5
This article demonstrates how the challenge of research evaluation in the field of art has been approached in Poland.	1
In total, he published 40 papers on atomic weights, and 24 of these were co-authored (60%).	4
Scopus database has been chosen as the main data source due to its higher relevance in the field of social sciences compared to WoS.	2
Our exploratory analysis of highly tweeted documents shows that while some papers seem to receive attention on Twitter because of actual health implications or topicality, others seem to be distributed on Twitter due to humorous or curious contents, which suggests that tweets do not necessarily reflect intellectual impact.	5
Perhaps a most pressing and easily implemented next step is for editors of the major management journals to collectively examine their own practices, to formally identify a set of basic rights granted to manuscript submitters, and to build and publish an explicit code of conduct on the journals’ websites.	5
The bibliometric assessment of research rapidly triggered a race for publications which imposes upon researchers the necessity of frequent publications, whereby quantity takes precedence over quality, a notion neatly encapsulated in the maxim 'publish or perish' (Checchi, De Fraga, & Verzillo, 2014).	4
Three such discussion sessions were hosted between December 2019 and June 2020.	4
As shown in Table 5, Mode 1 accounted for 53% of the total number of publications coauthored between OECD members.	4
Data availability The data underlaying this article are available at https://github.com/ReneMarkovic/World-University-Rankings.git	0
The University of Ibadan, University of Nigeria, and Delta State University were found to be the three most visible (productive) universities in LIS research.	4
In total, 1 547 documents were finally found as valid publications by authors from Brunei.	2
Perc thanks Matej Horvat from Hermes SofLab for illuminating lessons on socket programming and automated information retrieval from the Internet.	0
At a journal level, 44% of cardiovascular journals had more than three quarters of the journal’s content poorly cited at 5 years.	4
However, during this 30-y span, the number of experimental panels contained within the print version of the paper rose dramatically by two- to four-fold (Fig.	4
The global patent map is based on similarities in citing-to-cited relationships between categories of the International Patent Classification (IPC) of European Patent Office (EPO) patents from 2000 to 2006.	2
Firstly, we searched the patent data from 2008 to 2016 by using the patent database of CNKI within the range of medical and health technology, then further screened out at least two cooperative patents each from different R&D organizations (companies, universities, or research institutions).	3
In this article, we highlighted the pitfalls of the current authorship credit heuristics dominant in psychological science.	1
The authors wish to thank JISC and SURF for funding this research.	0
Our approach is illustrated by a case study of three fundamental restriction enzymes articles.	2
The first author is identified as being the one with greater similarity (a higher IABC) to the discourse (theoretical reference) present in the article, illustrating the dedication of the first author listed in the development of the research, by their discourse (evaluated from the scientific production carried out during the period 2015–2017) being more similar to that of the co-authored article published in the JOI in 2016.	4
The mixture of two document types with such a difference in the average citation rate makes any valid interpretation difficult.	5
The scientific problems of publications are analyzed by two methods.	3
We suggest that the contribution of impact factors and journal rankings in an individual's assessment should count less than peer review evaluation.	5
In terms of scientific resources, the first factor that supports publishing interdisciplinary research is previous research collaboration.	5
The proposed measure for quantifying the effective number of authors in a scientific article takes its maximum value when all authors contribute equally to the study, a scenario similar to the network configuration in Fig.	3
For evaluation, 250 non-awardees and 250 awardees from Civil Engineering have been considered.	2
The 22 publications were the results of 'flagship studies' of the networks and were selected on the basis of their scientific priority as primary interventional clinical trials.	2
The results revealed that citations received by papers published in tribology journals are affected by all of these parameters.	4
The first dataset on scientific output is provided by the Scimago Lab company (SCImago, 2007).	2
In the present study, research productivity was operationalized as a composite measure of respondents' research output over seven years period of time indicated through research activities undertaken, products developed, scientific publications contributed, teaching activities involved with, extension activities undertaken, awards received and recognitions earned.	3
Then, the network model was analyzed and visualized with Cytoscape [30].	3
Received: 10 November 2023 / Accepted: 22 March 2024 / Published online: 29 April 2024	0
In none of the 9 SDSs analyzed, the generalized Pareto distribution provides an optimal fit: all the values of the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test are above the 5% critical value, consequently we have to reject the hypothesis of goodness of fit of a Pareto distribution.	4
From the above, we conclude that the network embedding method is one of the promising tools for capturing and expressing scientific trends because this method can integrate multiple prediction models for scientific indices.	5
These definitions are open to challenge, but provide a useful pragmatic distinction for the purposes of a quantitative study.	0
Using the Scopus database, we first downloaded the DOIs of all manuscripts published by Biological Invasions during the selected timeframes and obtained the number of citations of each identified manuscript.	2
We employ negative binomial regression models since our dependent variable - number of citations received by each article - is a non-negative count with over-dispersed distribution.	3
We first conducted a two-way ANOVA with publication time and discipline as independent variables and the AASs of the Science articles as dependent variable to determine the effects of the two control variables and their interaction on the online attention received by the articles.	3
Hierarchical partitioning for the number of all Nobel laureates is depicted in Figure 2, which shows that Publication Number had the highest independent contribution among the factors, followed by Research Expenditure (% of GDP), while other factors (GDP, Cacao, Milk, and Wine) had lower contributions (R2<0.1).	4
This study uses Google Scholar (GS) data to evaluate the scholarly impact of the 58 accounting journals on Beall's List as well as a com- parison group of 61 presumably non-predatory accounting journals indexed in Scopus.	1
Blue bars denote number of papers by the team of smallest size, i.e., 2-author team, n_g(t) = 2, orange bars denote number of papers having at least 3 authors, n_g(t) ≥ 3, for the USA, England, and India.	0
This study identified 523 Chinese university names as unique potentially affected and potentially affecting university names, which accounts for 19.4% of the total 2,692 Chinese university names analyzed, highlighting the prevalence of the affiliation naming proximity problem with Chinese university names.	5
The first component correlates positively with the IFs recalculated after excluding the most cited papers, while their association with the official IF and the AIS is negative.	4
The analysis carried out shows that Physical Therapy research field is mainly divided into nine thematic areas: Middle-Aged People, Muscle Function Alterations and Recovery, Health Education, Gait and Biomechanics, Central Nervous System, Heart Rate and Exercise, Diagnosis, Low Back Pain, and Animals.	4
A detailed explanation of PFNet as well as another application of it is provided in Chen (8).	0
Disclosing the fates of rejected papers: A possible measure to enhance review ability	1
MOHAMMAD REZA DAVARPANAH received a PhD in Library and Information Science from Panjab University, India, in 2000.	0
These changes do not impact the academic content of the article.	0
In any case, prior to the formulation of any policy intended to improve the effectiveness of a national research system, governments would obviously be well advised to conduct strategic analysis to identify the strong and weak research fields of their respective national systems.	1
Secondly, the degree of comprehensiveness in the authors’ description of the grants is studied by focusing on how often different items are reported (funding agency, programme, grant number, grantee, year of the call, etc).	3
As a case study, focusing on three journals from a given publisher, we identified at least 9% sneaked references (5978/ 65,836) mainly benefiting two authors.	4
Study 2 was a translational research proposal competition on Microbiome in Human Health and Disease.	2
where N – the number of cells in the given classification (number of sources in the DF).	0
The details of the selected journals are listed in Table 1.2	0
To estimate the strength of positive and negative sentiment in the (up to) 10 "most helpful" Amazon.com book reviews per book, the automatic sentiment analysis software SentiStrength (http://sentistrength.wlv.ac.uk/) was used, which is designed for short and medium-sized informal social web texts.	3
Overall, 66% of the articles were clinical and 34% were basic science.	4
Typically a report for a year covers the output over a rolling window of five years previous to that year (e.g.	2
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at	0
This is the main motivation of this paper, that provides an evaluation of the scientific production in WPS through a bibliometric analysis.	1
Defining an innovation index I that measures the number of novel keywords used by each manuscript that then persist in later years of the dataset (see Methods section and Fig.	3
Out of 25 correlations, 22 were negative with the average rho = -0.4 (see Table 1).	4
Results show that Mendeley is the altmetric source with the highest coverage, with 80 % of sampled articles having one or more Mendeley readers, followed by Twitter (34 %).	4
The median h-index, g-index, hc-index, and m-quotient were 11, 20, 8, and 0.62, respectively.	4
Helpful comments from two anonymous reviewers and the Editor, Nick Lee, are gratefully acknowledged.	0
Complementing the bibliometric analysis, Study 2 analyzes survey data from more than 6000 corresponding authors to examine how contribution statements are written and used.	1
Every article was assigned the impact factor of its publication year and its corresponding quartile according to Journal Citation Reports.	3
Trend of published articles in SEA in terms of type of MND from 1980 to 2020.	0
However, citation data for the entire sample were collected from Publish or Perish, which calculates metrics from publications found in Google Scholar.	3
The denominator of the above formula counts the number of sets of two edges that are connected to the node i.	0
To date guidance and practice in searching for and including grey literature in conservation reviews has taken a broad approach, involving searching of a wide variety of resources.	3
These 18 journals reported (as of March 31, 2022) a value of JCI higher than one—the value one is given to the world average for publications in a specific field based on the same document type and period.	2
This study used a survey design to gather quantitative and qualitative information about decision-making practices used by organisations that fund health and health-related research.	3
We restricted our analyses to journals with CiteScore in 2016, amounting to a total of 21,529 journal titles.	2
Articles in the health sciences and life sciences clusters with UCT-affiliated authors were extracted by searching Scopus for versions of the name "University of Cape Town", limiting the search to articles and reviews as document types and only considering publications from three time periods: 1999-2001, 2006-2008 and 2013-2015.	2
What sources, other than formal training, inform authors' understandings of open access?	1
The journal top-tier status may serve to mitigate risks and uncertainties about quality, leading to the diffusion effect of high-quality journals outside of their own discipline.	5
These are all valid questions, but are not addressed in this paper because the focus is to determine productivity in accordance with the measures in the South African research funding framework.	0
In conclusion, the decline observed in the relative productivity of Greek affiliated articles during crisis compared to the period before was not reflected in their impact.	5
At an aggregated European level, the differences between “internationalists" and "locals” are consistent across all clusters of academic fields, and they can be summed up in a single statement: “no international collaboration, no international co-authorship.”	4
On the contrary, the index ft satisfies independence and its characterizing properties are simple and appealing.	5
As a part of an analysis of the content-related context of a document, various situations of the mutual behavior of the measures of the quality of a scientific or technical document are considered and compared.	5
With a fast and efficient search algorithm written in SQL applied to the CWTS enhanced Web of Science (WoS) database (van Raan 2015) we measure for all publications (article types: article, review and letters) in the database, starting with publication year 1980 and published in journals of the medical fields (in total around 15,000,000 publications), the annual number of citations C(t) corrected for self-citations after publication until 2019 and calculate for all these publications the following parameters:	2
Findings of the present research point to five under-investigated areas that need future research.	5
Of course, China's population is much larger, around 1.3 billion, than that of the United States, which is around 300 million.	0
Using hierarchical linear models, the percentage of review invitations extended to ethnic minorities was found to significantly increase over time: Initially, an estimated 8.34% of review requests were made to ethnic minority reviewers, and that percentage increased an average of 0.41% per year.	4
The tensions arising within the peer review economy of STS journals in recent years are reminiscent of accounts of gift economies that are gradually reconfigured through commodification layered on top of them (Gregory 1982; Tsing 2013).	5
The authors created a bibliometric profile of the CHB Journal employing bibliometric analyze, bibliometric mapping and thematic analyze.	5
The members of both teams explicitly agreed to the observation of their communications and collaboration patterns at the time of the projects.	0
To gain this, this article assesses whether a number of simple metrics derived from Amazon.com reviews of academic books could provide evidence of their impact.	1
There was a mismatch between the influence and the quantity of publications from China.	5
Almost all of the respondents (92%) indicated that they had been invited by journals that appeared to be predatory.	4
From the Table 1, it is evident that, Human Genetics and Molecular Genetics accounts for 61.17% of the total output in 2002-2006 and 58.38% in 2007-2011.	4
The high magnitude and density of collaboration are evident from the calculated mean values of the degree of collaboration (0.82).	4
The visual evidence is clear: the two groups of articles, one with superior reviews and one with inferior reviews, have nearly indistinguishable citation trajectories over the entire 32-year period.	4
However, no increase in quality of research publications was noted based on the proxy reports of mean journal IF.	5
(2) What are the research hotspots in the land of academic publishing?	1
Network-based centrality measures are used to evaluate the structural position.	3
What is needed to be emphasized is that we use the whole counting to categorize each paper by research fields.	3
3 CEPN (UMR CNRS 7234) and IRD, LEDa, DIAL UMR 225.	0
Using variance analysis, no influence of the field of research on the overall research performance was found.	4
Secondly, Cox regressions are run to assess the impact of transnational capital on the duration of recovery from the reduction of post-return research impact (measured by the RECOVERY_AI and RECOVERY_HI variables).	3
We defined a comprehensive set of scholarly publishing venues, referred to as “journals”, based on the Scopus database.	2
While universities dominate scientific progress across all academic fields, industry-based organizations, including Google and Microsoft, are increasingly central to modern AI research, and the PageRank scores of academic institutions are on the decline.	4
CBA can be a useful element for decisions taking, but should not be considered as the only or even the main instrument.	5
This methodology is represented by citation network analysis (CNA), a collection of tools that help to detect the dynamics of a field through computer-based systematic analyses of its bibliographic data.	3
As designed, the scaffolded, one-time assignment discussed in the case analysis only achieves 4/9 capstone learning objectives.	4
How well do the bibliometric indicators describe the final decisions of the peers?	1
Full record and cited references from all articles and reviews published in neuroimaging journals between 2003 and 2014 were exported as text files from WoS.	2
This paper reports on the part of the study that analyzed the use of metadata elements in the ResearchGate profiles of 126 of the survey participants.	2
The assessment indicators are described in Sections 3-7, where the correlations among them are also analyzed.	0
Our objective was to conduct a bibliometric analysis of the publications in these journals during the peri-flipping period.	1
Based on the study of existing quantitative indicators, the authors’ approach consisted of the hybridization of two indicators.	3
To address the prevalence of these and other motivations, we conducted a multinational survey of researchers who published in predatory biomedical journals.	1
Scopus identified the most publications, followed by ResearchGate.	4
Overall, JIBS and SMJ account for 64.4 % of our database of 377 articles.	4
The consistency of this finding underscores the potential benefits of cultivating age-diverse authorship in academic papers.	5
This difference indicates that the development of OA journals is positively associated with economic development and that a higher level of economic strength enables the expansion of OA journals.	5
Only individuals holding a doctoral degree in their respective field (PhD, DSW, EdD, MD, JD) were included for data collection.	2
The representation of a relationship can be computed based on three different ways of combining the embedding vectors of two authors: concatenation, subtraction, and addition (Figure 3).	3
Papers are collected from Web of Science for 1956-2014, making a total of 20,359 documents, with search based on a set of IR-related terms.	2
Allocation Project Data (AP data): When allocating funds in a specific region, we need the project application data in the region.	2
The second step builds the subject-topic matrix and then extracts the most relevant topics for each subject.	3
RQ1: Do there exist significant variations in volume of Indian research papers available in different forms of open access?	1
Almost half of the articles (46,24%) were published in three categories: hip (19.16%), knee (13.75%) and trauma (13.33%).	4
This permits the estimation of a triple difference, looking at how the 2008 mandate affected patent citations to NIH funded articles published in journals affected by the policy versus those that were not.	3
The dataset encompasses 154 countries, 7833 institutes, 46,061 authors and 443,475 cited references.	2
Here, we analyze a large scientific corpus of collaboration and citation networks to quantify the success trajectory of drug development using proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9) and its inhibitors as a case study, as well as phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitors, hydroxymethylglutaryl (HMG)-CoA reductase inhibitors, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF) inhibitors as additional examples of different, commonly used drug classes.	1
More specifically, the objective of this paper is to investigate the effects of different classification systems on bibliometric evaluations, by comparing the overlap of most productive authors and institutions between journal and paper level classification from the same data set using the same classification scheme.	1
For this purpose, we introduce a new data structure called main path tree for memorizing all possible candidate paths so that no paths will be prematurely rejected, as in Figure 4.	3
About 99.11% and 96.61% of the journals indexed in Web of Science are also indexed in Scopus and Dimensions, respectively.	4
The cluster results for male and female scholars showed flat and high peak patterns in their careers, but most scholars' creativity pattern was flat.	5
Third, based on the constructed geographically weighted collaboration network, we propose a novel metric, namely the spatial research leadership rank (SpatialLeaderRank), to identify the leading institutions while considering both the collaboration intensity and the spatial features.	3
Future survey-based studies should pay careful attention to the multi- dimensional nature of research fraud.	5
The total number of journals with impact factors was 81, of which 29 were high-impact-factor journals.	4
Finally, 220 reviews from 92 peer-reviewed journals were subjected to quality assessment (see Figs A and B in S1 File for search strategy and the PRISMA flowchart, and Tables B and C in S1 File for included and excluded studies, respectively).	2
The numbers of papers and the proportions of all papers in each class are given in Table 1.	0
In this work, three classification models (Decision Trees, Na?ve Bayes, and Support Vector Machines) are considered to learn the desired predictive function FRL (.).	3
Focusing on the areas of data mining, operating systems and web design, it is shown that whilst the productivity of Chinese research has risen dramatically over the period under review, its impact is still low when compared with established scientific nations such as the USA, the UK and Japan.	1
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The working hypotheses and the procedure used are described in Appendix A.	0
The observer generated in the right-bottom screen, however, does not observe the original picture, but only its transformation using the hyper-incursive equation as depicted in the screen box in the middle at the bottom.	4
The awakening of such SBs that were ahead of their time can be ascribed to further development of various theories, techniques, and applications.	5
The intra-networks consist of the time-aware paper citation network, author citation network, journal citation network, and co-authorship network.	3
However, an important limitation is that they only provide a general orientation, and there is a lot of good research in OR-MS that has not been included in this paper.	5
This method depends on references rather than citations, whereby the reference relations can effectively detect topic similarity among papers, as the research topic of each paper is automatically classified by the body of subsequent citing papers.	5
In the period of 2014-2018, out of the total number of 805 members affiliated with the Section of Earth Sciences, 569 researchers had a profile and publication record in the HSB.	2
The data for this study were obtained from Clarivate Analytics resources: Science Citation Index-Expanded (SCI-E) from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS CC) and Journal Citation Reports—Science Edition (JCR SE) for 2015.	2
However, our work reaffirmed that international collaborative research boosts the quantity of articles published, and to a smaller degree the ranking of journals published in.	5
Politecnico di Torino) and those of the top three world universities according to the Times Higher Education World University Rankings 2011–2012 (Times Higher Education 2012).	2
Editor: Venkatesh Shankar Madhugiri, National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences, INDIA	0
Boyak on an array of publications included in the Elsevier Scopus database [17].	3
Numbers in parentheses indicate totals pertaining to the document counts of individual members.	0
In this study, we conduct co-word analysis and author-keywords coupling analysis in order to obtain a clear understanding on the research situation as well as the core authors' influence on research themes of OA in China.	1
The journals clustered into four very different groups regarding impact, and the individual time path could be drawn.	4
US-CN cross-national papers, however, exhibit a distinctive pattern that there are more Solo-Show papers than Insufficient-Affiliation ones, highlighting a different nature of collaboration between the US and CN.	5
5, there has been notably a sharp growth in the annual research production, np(t) of all three countries after year 2010.	4
A co-word analysis, sometimes referred to as either a co-occurrence or co-map, is a technique designed to identify themes and relationships amongst frequently occurring text.	3
This study was conducted to determine the African pain research spectrum over the last 10 years, to identify trends in the number of publications from different countries, to identify currently underexplored areas of pain research, and to stimulate renewed interest in quality pain research in Nigeria and Africa.	1
the citation network DBLP 2013-09-29 (Table 1) collected by Tang et al. for the papers in DBLP dataset, which are published in the period from 1936-01-01 to 2013-09-29 [29] (Fig.	2
We have shown that the three components of diversity (variety, balance, and disparity) can be measured independently and then combined, creating a more informed indicator.	5
The main hypothesis is that small companies use more OA resources than large companies.	1
In general, progress has been made, although some journals are clearly making greater strides than others, and further efforts to diversify the reviewer pool would be warranted.	5
The literature data used in this paper are from web of science, and the retrieval strategies are as follows: Topic search = "Support Vector Machine*" OR Title search =" SVM*".	2
Our results show that translational research draws higher citations when it involves university researchers from the most basic end of the disciplinary spectrum, and when its issues are directed at basic (rather than applied) research.	4
Experimental results on gene editing dataset discover three emerging research topics as follows: (a) the genome editing in yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae), (b) the assays to evaluate the efficiency of genome editing methods, and (c) the process of programmed cell death, or apoptosis.	5
Second, we adopted the topic clusters acquisition method presented by Porter et al. (2008), and merged the topic phrases into preliminary clusters by using the TDA cleanup tool and combining commands based on word form similarity.	3
Compared with traditional techniques in Webometrics and SNA that have been used for such analyses, our model has the advantages of working on open web space (capability to explore unknown web resources and identify important ones) and of automatically building an extendable and hierarchical web knowledge map.	5
With the help of OR, many interesting comparisons can be made between universities</PROBLEM_OR_APPLICATION>.	5
Instead, we will look at how Microsoft Academic compares with the three other data sources in terms of the average number of papers, citations, h-index and hIa (see Harzing et al.	1
However, this is not what the conventional wisdom tells at this moment.	0
The Nunnery, Old Castletown Road, Douglas, Isle of Man IM2 1QB, via United Kingdom	0
The bibliographic coupling map creates a link between two articles of the corpus when both cite the same document [9].	3
Diabetes' publications in Iran specifically were assessed, and frequent used terms were mapped by VOSviewer software.	3
We find that the number of publications, scientific diversity, GDP and ECI (Economic Complexity Indicator) are all strongly correlated with each other (publication and diversity: Pearson's r=0.91, publication and GDP: Pearson's r=0.92, and publication and ECI: Pearson's r=0.75) (see Figure 5).	4
NOTES: The 17 economics journals listed are identified as leading journals in our analysis.	0
Table 1 provides the descriptive statistics for the two databases in 2011.	2
Complete searching displayed 167 hit records (excluding an erratum in vol.	2
The highly cited articles were almost earliest wind tunnel experimental data and reports on their own research specialty, and thus attracted high citations.	5
In the metrics published by the Scopus database for the period of 2018 and calculated on April 30, 2019 [23], the journal BABT presented the CiteScore value of 0.97, being the percentile of this indicator 75.	4
Here we investigate three methods of assessing the merit of a scientific paper: subjective post-publication peer review, the number of citations gained by a paper, and the impact factor of the journal in which the article was published.	1
Looking for the quality perceptions in the humanities, it is crucial to trace back the kind of authorities they are influenced by.	5
For this network, the Gini coefficient is G = 0.64, which indicates a high level of inequity in the network (Fig.	4
The index fh does not satisfy independence (we refer to Ye, 2013, for a skeptical view on independence).	5
And what kind of promotor-recipient relationship appears in a public- subsidized innovation scheme?	1
Our findings highlight that there are significant differences in the resulting scores, making room for possible methodological improvements in the approach currently used in Italian research evaluation exercises.	4
Fourth, in the 'Research preferences' section, we analyse the similarity in research preferences of the 31 regions and create heat maps of research areas to obtain the national distribution of subjects.	3
Following this approach, here we have presented a Web-based tool designed to the aggregation of reviewers' rankings into a consensus ordering which can be used to reduce the uncertainty of the outcome in a peer review process, and consequently, to improve the journal publishing performance.	5
Our empirical evidence suggests that productivity gains, at least for the type of digital technology we are looking at, are unlikely to contribute to a decline in the labor share as the effect we find is uniform across labor and capital productivity growth.	5
3.11±0.12, t = 25.18, p<0.001), with articles with longer reference lists accumulating more citations over time (Fig.	4
Focusing on the details of the self-archiving process in our IR provided extremely rich qualitative data for improving the user interface, while analyzing the structure of the microinteraction, following Saffer’s model, was also a valuable exercise in thinking about user needs and software design from a different perspective from standard usability studies.	5
Only research articles from the seven journals were included in the study; excluded were book reviews, personal reflections, author comments and texts not considered to be research articles by the journals that published them.	2
The data are taken from the Web of Science database.	2
Between 1980 and 2018, all publications indexed in the WoS (Web of Science Core Collection database maintained by Clarivate Analytics; access date: 1.08.2019) about dust mites were downloaded and analyzed by bibliometric methods.	2
A total 44 publications were found to have been especially influential and landmark.	4
The results indicate that tweeted papers, published in the same year and in the same journal received around 30% higher citation rates than papers which were not diffused on Twitter.	4
Note that universities from Cambodia (Royal University of Phnom Penh) and Laos (National University of Laos) were excluded from the table because these universities only had one publication.	0
We predict then minimal effects on the epistemic choices and research practices of members of the four local knowledge networks despite variations in governance arrangements, and hence no second-level effects.	4
Aging captures the fact that new ideas are integrated in subsequent work; hence, each paper’s novelty fades eventually (22, 23).	3
Instead of raw number of collaborated papers between country pairs, we apply the Salton index to measure the closeness of the collaborations by normalizing the collaborated papers with the productivity of respective countries.	3
I acknowledge the contribution, support, help and guidance provided by all my advisory committee members.	0
Many approaches for fractionalizing the h-index taking into account multiple authorship have been proposed.	5
The ROC analysis indicates thatPR and TJPhave some predictive value and could potentially be useful in selecting for excellence</PROBLEM_OR_APPLICATION> in some decision-making contexts.	5
At least in our data set, we noticed that both prestige and trust, acting mutually, may be instrumental in keeping communities together.	5
The hexmap will make it easier than the network visualization to retrieve metrics and compare them between subdisciplines.	1
This paper constructs a dynamic quantification framework to analyze the spatiotemporal evolution of IUSS-ECE in B&R countries from 1992 to 2020 (Fig.	3
The ratio of national to international collaborations is 4.78.	4
The top 3 SPC are THU, PKU and FDU.	4
As reported above, we had independently selected reviewers reevaluate 50 proposals in each of three NSF programs (Cole and Cole 1981).	0
Further standardization of funding data in acknowledgements is needed to optimize their use in science policy studies.	5
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 25 times since 2018*	0
For each of the journals, and in each of the languages, the h-index and the median h-index (h-median) were obtained for both April and November.	2
The study considered the largest available time frame—i.e., from 1980 to 2019 (updated on December 2, 2020).	2
We find that structurally diverse teams are not only penalized but are also biased against.	4
By providing the quantitative analysis of bibliographic information and MeSH terms, bibliometric analysis presents an overview of the massive studies in urban health.	5
This study compared bibliometric trends for two major sports medicine/arthroscopy journals, the American Journal of Sports Medicine?	1
RQ3: Since 2020, SARS-CoV-2 virus research has taken center stage.	1
The current study develops a method that is both high level and feature specific and then determines whether this method is useful for differentiating between disciplines by their discourse.	1
The main objective of the open access (OA) movement is to make scientific literature freely available to everyone.	1
Concern about the quality of research in science and technology has increased in recent years.1	0
The study will enhance the awareness and advocacy of IR in Nigeria.	5
To give a simple but fair overall comparison between the three, the geometric mean Microsoft Academic citations counts per article for each year were expressed as a percentage of the geometric mean Scopus citations and Mendeley readers, taking the median across all 11 years as the main estimate.	0
A first phase involves the development of a conceptual model of manuscript peer review, including the construction of referee report profiles and communication modes between referees, authors, and editors.	3
(Received 19 January 2023; revised 25 January 2023; accepted 31 January 2023; first published online 17 February 2023)	0
In the document types category, the most cited sources are research articles.	4
The results were analysed using descriptive statistics (mean, standard deviation) and analysis statistics (Spearman rank-difference correlation coefficient).	3
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the "Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
The study used VOSviewer to analyze and compare the key terms in the title and abstract of all articles citing each encyclopedia.	3
Scopus is a multidisciplinary abstract and index database which indexes approximately 36,000 journal titles, both open access as well as subscription-based, from the life science, social sciences, physical sciences, and health sciences.	2
Hypothesis 2: Economic complexity moderates the democracy- science relationship among countries in the international system.	1
The subjective quality variables were analyzed by ordered probit, and the numbers of papers by negative binomial regression.	3
Researchers who undertake training in report a better level of understanding of open access and place more importance on it as a factor in selecting a journal.	5
In this paper, we used Histcite software to process data of 1160 water research publications under the category of economics, and analyzed the major journals, prolific authors, institutions, countries, etc.	3
The annual count of citations received by a focal paper from newly published papers in the same subject constitutes our main variable of interest.	3
The citation time window is the same (at least 5 years) for the three composite interdisciplinarity indicators (RS, LCDiv, and DIV).	4
Objective: This quali-quantitative study analysed the 100 most-cited papers in core dental public health (DPH) journals focusing on understanding international knowledge production.	1
Let an author get the fraction of a paper assigned to him or her based on the number of authors.	3
This section will address how the groups narrate their “ethos" and the interest that is shared, i.e., how the epistemic field is defined.	0
In this paper, we locate open access in the South African higher education research context where it is, distinctively, not shaped by the policy frameworks that are profoundly changing research dissemination behaviour in other parts of the world.	1
This led to plotting strategic diagrams which illustrate the evolution of the most representative themes based on centrality and density.	3
The cMCP analysis also revealed that almost none of the 405 thesis advisors had a conclusive impact on whether or not their students went on to pursue an academic career.	4
Figure 1a also shows that the concentration of the recognized researchers increases in the Southeast from about 62% of CNPq researchers to 80% of ABC titular members, while it decreases in all other regions of Brazil in a plot that resembles the scissors gender plot (Slavin 2008).	4
Our paper tackles this open issue to provide readers with the complete lineage of a research work.	1
In contrast, the all-inventor IPCCA is more sensitive to emer- ging and interdisciplinary topics and reflect a highly collaborative group of authors.	5
The current study uses bibliographic data taken from Scopus (Waltman, 2016) for 45 years, 1975 to 2019.	2
Both interlinking and co-authorship methods detect the existence of strength subnets of geographically distributed nodes (especially the Catalan entities) as well as their high connectivity with the main national network nodes (subnet of nodes distributed according to dependence on national government, in this case Spain).	3
To obtain these PORs, we downloaded descriptions of all funded NSF grants (N = 122,394) from 2010 to 2018 from the NSF website.	2
However, there is no significant correlation between citation and social media attention regarding OA books and also the social and academic impact of books in some disciplines such as Geography, Medicine, and Public Health, Culture, and Media Studies attract more social media attention.	4
They represented two sectors—university (academics) and research institute (scientists)—across a range of science disciplines.	2
This does not only mislead the readers of the study, but also makes this method to criticism.	0
Such knowledge or clearer picture of scholarship in an area also will empower librarians to provide reference services in a more concrete, proactive, and inspiring manner.	0
Social and intellectual associations between faculty can be seen as a function of strategic decisions of faculty (actors), which can be adequately represented with the stochastic actor-oriented model (SAOM) using simulation investigation for empirical network analysis (SIENA; Snijders 2001; Snijders, Van de Bunt, and Steglich 2010; Steglich, Snijders, and Pearson 2010).	3
It was found that the originality in all categories increase each year.	4
Data on gross domestic product (GDP), percentage of GDP spent in research and development, and number of researchers per million people were obtained using the World Bank Group website.	2
This relation appears to be generally valid in the two-parameter beta distribution.	4
According to our databases, the proportion of academic staff that can be defined as research active (those individuals publishing at least one article, in whole or in part, during a 6-year period in an EconLit listed journal) increased from 71% in 1994–9 to 79% in 2000-5 and 83% in the period 2006–11.	4
Table 4A The ratio of observed contributions (OC) to high-impact overall levels to expected contributions (EC) By geographical area in every scientific fielda the OC captures only the incidence (B = 0), the incidence and the intensity (β = 1), or the incidence, the intensity, and the inequality (β = 2) of the high-impact phenomenon.	0
The onset of constitutional democracy in South Africa potentially marked a critical juncture in the evolution of its innovation system.	1
The techniques of Named Entity Recognition developed in Natural Language Processing are the most natural candidate for extracting direct mentions (Goyal et al., 2018).	3
We apply the log-multiplicative citation model (Pieters and Baumgartner 2002) on a 47 x 47 citation matrix to derive the cohesion score for each journal.	3
To investigate Swedish-Chinese research collaborations, we focused on the STINT2-NSFC3 Joint China–Sweden Mobility (JCSM) Program, established in 2015, which is also Sweden's largest international bilateral program for researchers.	2
We find that the choice of the awakening period in the selection of SBs has consequences for the measured citation patterns.	5
The reduction of power consumption in the cloud data centers is a hot topic for future work, because the word cloud appeared in 9 out of the 10 most frequently cited papers.	4
22 is that the resulting h-indices are robust even to significant changes in C: a σC = 10 %·C would produce a σh smaller than one!	4
The present study reports on the research performance of the Botanical Survey of India (BSI) between 1971 and 2010, based on number of parameters, including publications, citations, impact in terms of average citation per paper, international and national collaboration output, share of publication by different circles of BSI, type of communication, most preferred journals, highly cited papers, authorship pattern and most productive authors.	1
Compared with correlation measures, Kullback and Leibler's (1951) divergence provides an asymmetrical measure of the difference between two distributions that allows us to specify the extent to which one distribution can be considered as a predictor of the other or vice versa.	3
Spearman index and Tau-b statistics are close on average to 0.5, a value generally associated with a fairly good degree of dependence.	4
The epidemiological studies published in OA journals in the field of oncology approach the same methodological quality and quality of reporting as studies published in non-OA journals.	5
Based on data from both alternative metrics providers, Mendeley readers show the strongest correlation with Scopus citation counts, while other alternative metrics exhibit weak correlations with citation counts.	4
American Association for the Advancement of Science, 1426 Ridge Master Drive, State College, PA 16803, USA	0
The objectives of this study were to evaluate the rate of translating OREF faculty-level grants into subsequent NIH funding and to determine if there are identifiable factors that increase the rate of converting an OREF grant into NIH funding.	1
Finally, Alan Stiles and Thomas Boat have been critical to the development and support of the Evening of Scholarship since its inception.	0
This study examines what can be learned about a library's electronic social work journal collection from usage statistics, survey data, faculty publications, and an examination of open access (OA) availability.	1
We analyze data on tenure-track faculty hired by the top 35 economics departments in the United States between the years of 1996–2010.	2
Conclusions: Top 100 most-cited papers in core DPH journals were predominantly observational studies from Anglo-Saxon countries.	5
Differences are apparent between the major doctoral degrees at research-intensive, federally funded colleges of pharmacy; however, these differ- ences were primarily identified for Pharm.D.-only compared to the other doc- toral degree types	5
Seriya Khimicheskaya (Russian Chemical Bulletin) exceeds as much as twice the number of papers from other Russian journals (see Table 6).	4
The paper presents a large-scale study (covering 26,998,764 items) of the development in the number of references over time (1996–2019) in three document types (articles; reviews; notes) from seven fields (Arts and Humanities; Social Sciences; Computer Science; Mathematics; Engineering; Medicine; Physics and Astronomy).	1
Kazakhstan demonstrated a significant increase in the number of published documents in the period of 1996-2014, mainly in the areas of natural and multidisciplinary sciences.	4
The aim is to analyse the NRS contribution to the scientific performance of Higher Education, with emphasis in the study of productivity and impact of universities, from a scientometric perspective.	1
The data indicate that trainees have been productive and contributed to the scholarly literature.	5
Since the dependent variables of this study (i.e.	3
For each country and institution, the F&V Specialization Index (SI) was calculated by the ratio between its F&V publications share and its world publications share (OST, http:// www.obs-ost.fr/).	3
Both network and individual covariates are used to model individual h-index by generalized extreme value distribution.	3
First, mathematicians are aware that the peer review process may not catch every significant error in a proof, and they act accordingly.	4
A second dataset consisting of 244 WoS-indexed journals under the “Information Science & Library Science” category between the years 2008 to 2018 inclusive was also sourced to construct a larger journal citation network.	2
A multistage sampling procedure was used to sample 751 lecturers of the universities in Nigeria and eight heads of the digitization section of the libraries.	2
We identified 45 subsequent National Institutes of Health (NIH) awards to the 134 child health investigators (34%).	4
Next, we used Generalized Equations Estimations (GEE) logistic regression to analyze the data, because our dataset is clustered.	3
As a supplement, I searched the following journals and applied the same two criteria as mentioned above: Research Policy, Research Evaluation, Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology (JASIST), Aslib Journal of Information Management, Information Processing and Management (Issues 1 and 2, 2016, as Issue 1 was a special issue on social media), Journal of Documentation, and Journal of Information Science (Issues 1 and 2, 2016, as Issue 1 was a special issue on search as learning).	2
WASET attracted more researchers from Turkey, India, and South Korea.	4
Formerly known as (Microsoft) Live Search until May 28, 2009, and as MSN Search until September 2006.	0
Collaboration network for institutions with more than two articles published contains 791 nodes.	0
This information was used to create a database of all board-certified academic plastic surgeons in the United States.	2
Escalating title complexity was visualized using network analysis.	4
Specifically, CAs disproportionately described their research as interdisciplinary, even when they indicated that there was only 1 discipline involved in their research.	5
Collaboration increased from 73% in 1990–1997 to 93% in 2006-2013, and international collaboration from 49 to 73% over the same time.	4
Overall, this study suggests that medical and health sciences academics in Korea are relatively positive about open access.	5
However, we found no substantial correlations between the number of times the manuscripts were featured in Twitter or Facebook and their number of citations, requests, and Mendeley reads (p <0.01 but r s <0.32).	4
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted reuse, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The Cronbach's alpha score, which measures the internal consist- ency of the questions, was satisfactory (a=0.89).	4
Received September 2, 2014; revised March 9, 2015; accepted March 10, 2015	0
Using AWS and BC, we identified the top 10 most cited authors.	5
Connectivity within the network increased over time, with the total number and unduplicated number of connections approximately tripling from 2015 to 16 to 2018–19.	4
The data needed for this study were obtained from the SCImago Journal & Country Rank portal, which provides Scopus data arranged according to country, branch of science, and year.	2
Nature, Science, and BMJ have the lion's share of such authors.	4
The remainder of the article is organized into four main parts.	0
Finally, a significant part of the national referencing bias can be attributed to authors citing their previous works.	4
To solve this problem, we re-translated the name variations of Korean universities into our own university codes using custom algorithms.	0
We give statistical evidence that the Wakeby distribution is a reasonable approximation of the empirical citation distributions.	4
The top five universities contributing most in TP to TR-Part B were (1) University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley, i.e., “Univ Calif Berkeley” in Table 6),6 (2) The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST, i.e., “Hong Kong Univ Sci & Technol”), (3) University of Montreal (i.e., “Univ Montreal”), (4) The University of Texas at Austin (UT Austin, i.e., “Univ Texas Austin”), and (5) The Hong Kong Polytechnic University (HKPU, i.e., “Hong Kong Polytech Univ”).	4
The binary tree is visualized using the Python package ETE3 (Huerta-Cepas et al., 2016).	0
Second, cross-regional collaboration in LS research is very broad, but neither mature nor stable.	5
The citations were divided into four main categories; citation meaning, citation purpose, citation shape, and citation array.	3
In summary, we can see that the very literal translations for the English term "predatory publisher" have been carried over into French (“éditeur prédateur") and Spanish ("editor depredador"), and these literal translations are recognized as being correct or acceptable.	4
Journals with a higher impact factor and larger editorial boards had a higher chance of editorial board members publishing in their board journals.	5
This paper has investigated the role of networks in the formation of inter-regional research collaborations, as well as its interplay with geography.	5
This investigation shows that for the generalized field of nursing, as well as for our specific nursing faculty publications, Scopus outperformed or showed no significant difference from Web of Science.	5
The average number of self citation received by each research article against each subject discipline has been calculated by dividing the total number of self-citation received in an individual subject discipline divided by the total number of research articles published in that particular subject discipline.	3
Setting aside the complications of the larger ideological and political context, the fact that there does indeed seem to be an empirically demonstrable as well as a theoretically articulable antagonism between innovation and evaluation (in its dominant contemporary forms) ought therefore to discourage reliance on such evaluation and lead to the exploration of other ways in which science can more adequately be managed and supported.	5
We used metrics such as normalized pointwise mutual information for coherence and topic diversity for diversity to ensure robust topic modeling results.	3
He is an assistant professor at S?o Paulo State University (UNESP), Marilia, Brazil.	0
We can then calculate a type of pairwise Kendall correlation, in which the correlation coefficient	3
For each citation, four variables were coded: (1) the name of the author (or the first author), (2) the nation of the author (or the first author), (3) geographic labels of the author (or the first author) and (4) the publication year.	3
Using the Haversine formula: [...] we calculated the geographic distance between every pair of collaborators.	3
The first contribution of the study is that it comprehensively assess the structural influence of 1,210 social scientific journals from a network perspective in an emerging subject area (i.e., Internet research), which helps us understand the creation and diffusion of scholarly knowledge in Internet research.	5
Has the nature of research published in journals associated with Australian nursing and allied health professional bodies changed over time?	1
This study uses citation data and survey data for 55 library and information science journals to identify three factors underlying a set of 11 journal ranking metrics (six citation metrics and five stated preference metrics).	1
These were written over 14 weeks about 200 hardware concepts by 59 students.	2
Casey Cunningham, Coralie Farlee, Peterhans Hofschneider, Stephen Lock, Koscak Maruyama, Alex Muller, Francis Waldvogel, and David Weatherall for helpful comments and criticism.	0
It is important to observe that almost more than one thousand PhDs (about 44% of PhDs studied in this paper) do not have any relationship with other PhD	0
Figure 1 Empirical frequency of the number of directed (blue dots) and reciprocated (red dots) citations between pairs of authors active in the APS dataset between 1950 and 2010	0
The second type of dubious cross-national affiliations, referred to as “Insufficient Affiliation,” concerns those that may be affiliated more frequently with one or more additional nations.	3
Again, this distinction is not a distinction in kind, but rather two ends on a continuum, such that any given scientific research activity can be characterized by more or less epistemic (in)dependence among the participants in the activity (See Fig.	0
To address the first challenge, we propose a novel hierarchical topic model based on non-negative matrix factorization (NMF) (Lee & Seung, 1999) that is specifically designed for the metrics of structural evolution, called hierarchical NMF (HNMF).	3
Gephi was employed to analyze the co-occurrence of key-words to highlight the hot topics.	3
In this article, chemistry research in 51 different European countries between years 2006 and 2016 was studied using statistical methods.	1
We find an approximately linear decreasing trend, which indicates that firms tend to obtain diminishing returns from patents as they are issued more patents.	4
This research has significant implications for citation indexes and digital libraries.	5
Библиометрическое равновесие в такой системе (являющееся модификацией равновесия по Нэшу) существует при естественных предположениях.	3
Readers are able to perceive correctly author reasons for citation only to a very limited extent.	4
The research question is as follows: does the proposed model have any advantages or characteristics concerning ABCA in revealing the intellectual structure and active communities' research interest?	1
Countries were classified into high-, upper-middle-, lower-middle-, and low-income countries based on the categories set by World Bank.	2
Publication of a paper is the final stage in the cycle of scientific research.	5
By far the most common factor in guest authorships is power.	4
[30], a fuzzy rank approach – by letting each journal belong to two or more different ranks within the same ranking list, while the respective degrees of rank membership are required to sum up to unity (e.g.	3
Between 2003 and 2022, 1077 RCT-focused publications on insulin resistance were identified from a pool of 24,932 related articles.	2
Is the use of these channels for publication and dissemination an accepted scholarly practice among scholars?	1
A proper, measurable definition of critical mass in the research context has only emerged in the last five years [1, 2, 3].	3
In this regard, this work sets the task of obtaining such distributions for 2014 and 2021 with calculations of the growth of ISSN records by country and language over this seven-year period of time, as well as the calculation and comparative analysis of the above indices.	1
Although Scopus citations to software correlate significantly and positively with total Google Code downloads, the correlations are low, at about 0.3.	5
In the second perspective, we consider Chaos as an evolving system in which the constituents and their interactions can give scientometric information, allowing us to study it from a complex network perspective.	1
CiteSpace version 4.0 was used to visualize trends and patterns in BCI research [14-16].	3
A new methodology for the scientometric assessment of scientific performance has been introduced to overcome these negative trends.	5
On average, the mixed panel reviews contained three times more specifics under each topic, which indicates more specific and deeper discussion in the mixed panels.	4
Results presented in this paper are mostly based on the analysis of journal percentile and quartile ranks, rather than the actual indicator scores.	3
With the Ward's method of clustering we determined the optimal number of clusters (on a dendrogram).	3
A Kruskal-Wallis test was conducted using a 0.05 significance level to explore whether there were differences in the number of funding sources according to the degree of comprehensiveness of funding data.	3
The disciplines of the respondents included agricultural science, engineering science, life science and the natural sciences.	2
It is clear that h = 16 for this author at this time.	0
We found no relationship between the all-article ranking and the 2014 impact factor of the journals in which the 544 papers were published.	4
Collaborative pursuits can generate knowledge and progress, just as they can close down knowledge generation and inflate cultures of compliance and image management.	5
Our findings suggest that the crisis seems to have created conditions for greater attention on openness, specifically on what its advocates see as its role in improving the scientific process and connecting science with society.	5
We conducted a 4-week randomized controlled trial to examine how promotion of article links in a novel online cross-publisher distribution channel (TrendMD) affect article saves on Mendeley.	1
We normalized the invariant measure such that the journal with the highest observed value of the measure has a value of 1, whereas the journal with the lowest observed value has a value of 0.	3
We then tested whether the estimated slope for the average number of career development awards to non-psychiatry departments differed from the estimated slopes for all career development awards to departments of psychiatry, awards to physicians in departments of psychiatry, and awards to physicians without a PhD in departments of psychiatry.	3
There are referent investigators, countries, and institutions that have laid the foundations for subsequent studies on the analyzed topic.	5
The data for semiconductors and AI are obtained from the OECD [43].	2
Impact factor was used as a basis for comparing article sets.	3
The main idea is that the principal aspects of the system, as extracted from the objective indicators (built from measurable observations), allow the mapping of the subjects under evaluation, without using weights, and then less objective criteria are subsequently introduced.	5
The visualization of the table can be seen in Figure 1.	0
Nepal based researchers published significantly fewer journal articles as lead authors compared to their foreign counterparts.	4
The Stapel case thus illustrates the regulative role played by statistics in the contemporary scientific field while also demonstrating the appeal of legal modes of dealing with misconduct when it comes to the treatment of scientific deviance.	4
Thomson Reuters, 1455 Research Blvd., 2nd Floor, Rockville, MD 20850, USA	0
The WoS Category (WC) field was used for tagging each publication into disciplinary categories.	3
The first section discusses some theoretical arguments for diversity and differentiation in the higher education system.	0
The text mining analyses were performed by the RapidMiner data mining tool with the Text Processing package.	3
The New England Journal of Medicine is by far the highest used journal.	4
In the event of absolute agreement, the points would form a line at a 45-degree angle.	0
We calculated that the probability of the estimated prediction, as determined by the composite indicators, for a selected applicant to be higher than the estimated prediction determined for a rejected applicant is about 75%.	4
The association of states with their publication records in this study directly represents the geographical location of the author's affiliated organization, which was mapped using latitude and longitude data of the respective organizations retrieved from primarily Google Maps and the organizational websites in some cases.	5
In this section, we present a series of confirmatory and exploratory experiments conducted to validate the methodology outlined previously.	0
The number of citations for the preprint and peer-reviewed versions (if available) were compiled using the Publish or Perish software (version 1.7).	3
Our aim is to identify patterns in the retractions, thus revealing a structure to this aspect of the growth of scientific knowledge.	1
The DOAJ database was created in 2003 and includes almost 14,000 peer-reviewed open access journals covering all knowledge areas, published in 130 countries.	2
As an important background note, throughout this paper, we make a distinction between "citations" and "references": a reference is given, and a citation is received.	0
The application of bibliometric reviews enables one to analyze vast amounts of publications and their production patterns on macroscopic and microscopic levels [29].	1
This model reveals an economy of scale in research: larger institutions grow faster and amplify collaborations.	5
Timespan ranged from 2004 to 2018, 15 years in total.	2
The first indicator is RCI which is similar to the raw citation count.	5
These trends raise concerns for the future of psychiatrists in academic research.	5
As a rule, the peer review process is used to separate the wheat from the chaff (Bornmann, 2011).	0
The data for this study were obtained from the 2011 edition of JCR (Science Edition) available for universities in Spain.	2
How significant are variations in OAAA between the disciplines that make up the arts, humanities and social sciences?	1
In this study, the VOSViewer software and R package in bibliometrix are applied for performing the quantitative analysis of collected data.	3
In this article we examine 2 classic stochastic models of the accumulation of citations introduced by H.A.	1
We applied the following procedures to inquire why researchers publish in non-mainstream journals: (1) identified and analysed the publication patterns of selected researchers; (2) conducted an interview program; (3) codified interview data; and (4) contrasted interview data with publication patterns.	3
(4) The knowledge distance is significantly large: establishments in actual communities have greater knowledge distance than those in randomly created communities.	5
This paper modifies the relevant indicators of knowledge diffusion and constructs a measurement framework of knowledge diffusion from four aspects: breadth, intensity, speed and theme.	5
The second database is the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) (Microsoft, 2017) from 2016 which is cross-disciplinary and comprises over 126 million papers.	2
In our sample of 376 academics, 185 individuals (49%) never moved from the country where they received their Ph.D.	2
They come as a complement to what is already known, and an examination of the influence and extent of this literature is even more beneficial.	0
A model linking the probability of acceptance of a new treatment to the incremental cost effectiveness ratio (ICER) and uncertainty around it was assumed, based on acceptable ranges of ICER reported in the literature.	3
In total, the dataset comprised of 24,219 scientific articles published in the window from 1990 to 2018, from 153 countries (based on the first-author classification), with 21,919 (90.5%) being multi-authored and 9700 (40%) being international (i.e., being written by authors from two or more different countries).	2
2(d-1) show, the average e+ of the entities with k papers decreases with the growth of k.	4
This means that through nearly four decades, the intrinsic scientific quality of an author was the most important factor for that author to get new collaborations or new citations.	5
Publications from ZEW researchers are significantly more cited than articles published by researchers from DIW Berlin and all the other institutes controlled for all the other factors included in the regression.	4
To calculating the distance factors, for each country, we obtained the following information: (1) the geographic coordinates; (2) the average gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in recent ten years obtained from the world bank (https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GDP.PCAP.CD); (3) the Hofstede's six culture indexes (including power, uncertainty avoidance, individualism/collectivism, masculinity/femininity, long-term orientation and indulgence/restraint) from Geert Hofstede's website (https://geerthofstede.com/research-and-vsm/vsm-2013) (Hofstede et al., 2010); (4) Whether English is its primary or official language; (5) the total number of AI papers and the number of internationally collaborative AI papers; (6) the number of citations received by the International collaborations in the field of AI from the MAG dataset; (7) the number of academic conferences held by the country from the file ConferenceInstances.txt in the MAG, which includes the location (latitude and longitude) for 16,083 conferences worldwide; (8) the number of industry-involved AI paper.	2
Data were collected via SurveyMonkey and subsequently exported in the .sav format.	3
Received 3 July 2023; Received in revised form 9 December 2023; Accepted 27 January 2024	0
Dianne Grigson is an evaluation consultant at Grayson Consultancy Services and Terry Stokes was formerly counsellor to the Australian Research Council, National Board of Employment, Education and Training, PO Box 9880, Canberra ACT, Australia 2601.	0
Analysis of the L(t) data for different individual papers shows that in some cases the data can equally be described by power-law relation (4).	4
RPYS implies to analyze the publication years of the references cited within the body of publications of a specific research field.	3
Internet searches on MEDLINE/PubMed, the bibliographic database of the National Library of Medicine at the United States (US) National Institutes of Health, and the Ovid database were utilized, while hand searches of relevant references using the Google Scholar and Dogpile search engines were employed.	2
In-training and early-career neurosurgeons who were awarded NREF funding had significant success in acquiring subsequent grant support, research productivity, and achievements of academic rank.	5
Technicians are a vital, but largely invisible part of institutional re- search.	5
In addition, we used CiteSpace software to conduct cluster analysis and burst monitoring analysis on the cited references.	3
The impact factors (IF 2020 and IF 5 year) were taken from the Journal Citation Report (JCR 2020) published in 2021, which had the latest data available.	3
Future research is needed to explore in more detail why these differences exist.	0
Obtained results indicate that the careers behind the SAAs vary from early to mature stages, confirming the role of researchers in different career stages in dynamics of science, even on the very top level.	4
To cite this article: Katy Jordan (2023) Academics' perceptions of research impact and engagement through interactions on social media platforms, Learning, Media and Technology, 48:3, 415-428, DOI: 10.1080/17439884.2022.2065298	0
For example, the share of co-authored articles have increased by more than 50 % in 4 out of 56 subject categories and in 20 subject categories the increase is more than 40 %.	4
For the purposes of the text data analysis, we constructed a thesaurus in order to exclude Latin scientific names.	3
We searched the Astronomy database of the Smithsonian/NASA Astrophysics Data System (ADS; Kurtz et al., 2005a: K05a) for PhD theses from U.S.	2
Our method leverages a KNN based edge generation technique as illustrated in Algorithm 1, allowing nodes to establish connections with their k-nearest neighbors while accommodating asymmetric nature of fraud classes in datasets.	3
This means that those journals that are OA or publish AIPs have higher CiteScore values, ceteris paribus.	4
The Bill Gatton College of Pharmacy at East Tennessee State University (ETSU) established a search committee for the 2017-2018 academic year to fill a vacant position in the Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences.	2
Correlation analysis shows that online time, publisher, journal, WoS category and index type are correlated with the index time, but the correlation coefficients are all small.	4
The growth trend shows that DEA has been developed in two phases.	4
'Universities' are taken to mean all higher education institutions, irrespective of their name and status within their country of location.	0
Review articles are ineligible for the REF and so are not included.	0
We aggregated this dataset by country for a global, country level analysis, and by NUTS2 statistical units within the European Union for the European analysis.	2
This figure is out of the 232 different projects awarded grants included in this analysis.	0
18.0 was used to perform the descriptive analysis of the variables and to obtain absolute and relative frequencies.	3
As a result, content studies in this area are time-sensitive and track a moving target.	0
Thus, Section 2.1 will present these definitions, Section 2.2 will suggest new algorithms based on these definitions for distinguishing scientific production from scientific productivity, and Section 2.3 will suggest new algorithms for characterizing a PH.	0
Emails soliciting publication to one of the authors (VG) were collected for the month of March 2015.	2
We focused on the trends and scientific impact about the relative contributions of mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan.	0
Nine had an OSI excluding quotations and references of less than 20%.	4
Waltman (Centre for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden University, The Netherlands) for useful advice on an earlier version of this manuscript.	0
The main mechanism of the basic ISB lies in using two levels of clustering to overcome two challenges separately.	3
2, the white blocks refer to new steps we introduce, while the green blocks mean traditional steps.	0
The wine regions are located in temperate climates on the slopes of mountains and valleys.	0
Our findings that CPY, relative citation ratio, and field citation ratio were higher in OA articles suggest that an OA citation advantage is present in gynecologic cancer research.	5
The symbols *, **, *** represent statistical significance at the 10, 5 and 1 % levels	0
To the best of our knowledge, no research to date has empirically investigated the problem of missing author information on databases.	1
We revealed that Project 5-100 stimulates universities to intensify their scientific collaboration.	5
How do different social forces, including federal funding pressure, local university cultures, organizational structures within the research centers, and disciplinary tensions, shape the perception and practice of interdisciplinarity?	1
Editor gender, seniority and geographic location affect who is invited to review for Functional Ecology, and how invitees respond to review invitations, but not the final outcome of the peer review process.	5
Our final data show that our worst fears were unfounded; while not wholly negligible, the three journal databases included in this study could hardly be said to be inundated with predatory journal content (although the proportion found in the DOAJ index should be of concern).	5
These 100 papers were cited a total of 45, 685 times, and the mean number of citations was 456.85 (range, 228 to 2487).	4
In total, 15,297 numbers of records were considered for the literature analysis considering the real significant growth of this subject domain.	2
More efforts are needed to improve the consistency and transparency of journal practices toward article retractions.	5
theoretical contribution or (iii) communication, namely whether a manuscript and its elements are properly expressed, e.g.	3
The top five command 64% of the citations and 60% of the top 300 papers.	4
We close with a discussion of the implications of the findings for policy and management.	0
Articles published in leading journals of vascular and general surgery (Journal of Vascular Surgery, European Journal of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery, Journal of Endovascular Therapy, Annals of Vascular Surgery and Annals of Surgery, British Journal of Surgery, Journal of the American College of Surgeons, and JAMA Surgery) during a 4-month period were identified through electronic databases.	2
The purpose of this study was to investigate the evolution of pediatric residents' publication pattern and to identify possible factors associated with an increased productivity by looking at theses, publication of the thesis, and publications not related to the thesis.	1
The research included Fields medalists (awardees from years 1986–2002 as reported at the website of the International Mathematical Union, http://www.mathunion.org/ general/prizes/fields/winners/) and Nobel Prize laureates in physiology or medicine (awardees from years 1996–2002 as reported at the website of the Nobel Prize committee, http://www.nobelprize.org/nobel_ prizes/medicine/laureates/) as listed on 9 May 2012.	2
The total number of publications released in 2020 and 2021 was 195 for the hard disciplines (94 publications in 2020 and 101 publications in 2021) and 68 publications for the soft disciplines (43 publications in 2020 and 25 publications in 2021) (Figure 2A).	4
This finding suggests that although the USA and China currently lead the world in terms of the number of WOK publications, these countries are not the most efficient in terms of per-GDP WOK output.	5
This research note seeks to list several elements of the regime of management of irrelevance, the scientific order of supposedly peripheral contexts of knowledge production.	1
First, the prevailing language of the journal in which the article is published does not have any association with the score.	4
The median h-index was 11 (range 0-26) for assistant professors, 22 (range 3-40) for associate professors, and 42 (range 12-97) for full professors (Table 2).	4
JEH apologizes for not citing and discussing the vast amount of relevant recent literature on the subject, due to the fact that it would have made this article much longer and time-consuming to write.	0
Lead author contributions in recent ecological publications are consistent and robust while secondary authors instead show a high level of individual variability in contributions and a low rate of involvement in the writing process.	5
We used the SentiStrength tool and improved it by incorporating new opinion-bearing words into its sentiment lexicon pertaining to scientific domains.	3
With major differences in scale, Germany and France have increased their output dramatically over the past four decades.	4
Data Availability Statement: All data will be available after acceptance of the manuscript.	0
1.01 ± 0.18, P < 0.001) than 33 Korean journals with a lower COVID-19 impact ratio.	4
A total of 4,513 entries in a span of 22 years from 1991 to 2012 were collected.	2
3) To what extent is it possible to verify whether book publishers meet the formal prerequisites of national assessments?	1
Analyzing the map, it becomes evident that the keywords are divided into four distinct blocks, signifying the four main topic areas that have been explored by academics in the field of ethics in trading over the years.	4
About 1235 manuscripts published in 68 issues over a period of two years' time were analyzed.	4
In the sign test, each article is compared only against the two articles which are published immediately before and after it within the same journal.	3
In this paper, an intuitionistic fuzzy weighted averaging operator proposed by Xu [33] is utilized to aggregate all evaluator opinions on criteria importance into a group opinion.	3
2 ‘‘ ‘normal science’ means research firmly based upon one or more past scientific achievements that some particular scientific community acknowledges for a time as supplying the foundation for its further practice” (Kuhn 1962, p.	0
To begin with, we will use the “Affiliation search" option and, for example, seek the works published by collaborators of the Institute for Information Transmission Problems, Russian Academy of Sciences (IITP RAS).	3
The fourth cluster does not apply formalized evaluation procedures but has some peer review evaluation processes in place in which books are considered (CH, IL).	4
This study examines how institutionally and internationally diverse five leading journals of higher education are.	1
MIS articles published through international collaboration show a stronger Matthew Effect than those published through domestic collaboration.	4
At the same time, our research suggests that a number of reforms are needed.	5
Times for journals to respond to notifications (measured in months) were calculated according to the month and year when concerns were first communicated by JAB to the publishing journal, and the month and year in which the journal response was published online, as identified through PubMed and/or Google Scholar searches of publication titles.	3
The objective of this paper is to examine whether the demands for more responsiveness alter academic habitus formations.	1
Among these submissions, we randomly sampled 10% of the papers that were immediately rejected (n = 1038) either by the Editor-in-Chief or by the theme editors, as well as 10% of the papers that underwent regular peer review (n = 929) (Table 1).	2
The number of articles on diabetes in ISI, PubMed, and Scopus were respectively; 13,994, 11,336, and 20,707.	4
Differences in international collaboration are unlikely to be an important factor in this respect, at least not in the Norwegian research context analysed in this study.	5
How frequently are the names or URLs of the UK museums or galleries mentioned in the REF2021 impact case studies in all four Main Panels and all 34 Units of Assessment?	1
The data for all sampled journals in this study were sourced from Clarivate Analytics embedded in the InCites platform.	2
txt' and downloaded them in their fully recorded format with refer- ences.	2
Therefore, we choose the Sina Weibo social media platform as the data source.	2
All models show that higher JIF values are significantly negatively associated with higher inflation ratios.	4
We simulated the system by assuming that all scientists would distribute their funding in proportion to their citations over the prior 5 years.	3
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
To supplement our data, we also conducted additional searches using commonly-used search engines in Mainland China, resulting in two datasets (refer to Figs.	3
Viewing project funds distribution as a multi-objective optimization problem, we employ the NSGA-II algorithm for optimization.	1
The cases show that Hong Kong is becoming a cluster in Transportation research.	4
Abbreviations: ABS, Agricultural and Biological Sciences; AAH, Arts and Humanities; BGM, Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology; BMA, Business, Management and Accounting; CHE, Chemical Engineering; CHM, Chemistry; CSC, Computer Science; EPS, Earth and Planetary Sciences; EEF, Economics, Econometrics and Finance; ENE, Energy; ENG, Engineering; ENV, Environmental Science; HEP, Health Professions; IAM, Immunology and Microbiology; MAT, Materials Science; MED, Medicine; MULT, Multidisciplinary; NEU, Neuroscience; NUR, Nursing; PTP, Pharmacology, Toxicology and Pharmaceutics; PHA, Physics and Astronomy; PSY, Psychology; SOS, Social Sciences.	0
We find that as time goes by, although the Beginning scholars continue to rise sharply, the proportion of collaboration between Beginning scholars decreases gradually, and the diversity of the collaborative pattern becomes more apparent.	4
The relationship between catchphrase and citation, nevertheless, was not statistically significant (b=0.002, z=0.06; Exp(b)=1, 95% CI [0.93, 1.08]).	4
To address this gap, we elucidate the trajectories of academic mobility for 734 Nobel laureates and how their migratory patterns change in different geopolitical eras by establishing a life-course database encompassing NLs in science and economics from 1901 to 2023.	1
Categorising journals as if some are ‘with borders' and some ‘without borders' with respect to submissions from Asian countries may or may not help us to focus upon productive inquiries into under-representation in educational research journals.	5
How can we encode the semantic dimension of articles, and which are its properties?	1
For this reason, the objective of this work is to analyze the scientific literature published on "Diagnostic Imaging" during the decade 2009-2018 in order to obtain an overview of research trends in this field.	1
To understand popularity dynamics of article views, we propose a decay dynamics based on a stretched exponential model.	1
To explore the research questions concerning peer review skills, review panel format, and contributory learning activities, data were collected in two stages: 1) interviews, and 2) surveys.	2
Collaborative rate (CR) is the percentage of documents with more than one author, whereas collaborative level (CL) is the average number of authors per document.	3
An empirical example, regarding life satisfaction in Spain is used to illustrate the working of this method.	2
The total number of articles produced during the period under study is 426 papers.	0
To employ these state-of-the-art similarity measures to conduct overlapping clustering, fuzzy C-medoids clustering (FCMdd) is employed.	3
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
The impressive agreement between estimated and observed values in Fig.	4
This study used the natural language toolkit (NLTK) (Bird et al., 2009) and Stanford NLP (Manning et al., 2014) to explore knowledge units.	3
Nearly all (n=1083, 93.8%) paper mill retractions had received at least one citation since publication, with a median of 11 (interquartile range 5-22) citations received.	4
In general, considering the most used keywords during the period 1989–2018, the set of Brazilian publications on soil science can be divided into four main fields (but are not limited to these), namely: a) chemistry of tropical soils, b) soil physical quality, c) biological nitrogen fixation, and d) soil organic matter dynamics.	5
Five reasons are presented that outline why conservation problems demand multiple disciplinary approaches in order to move forward because: (i) socio-ecological systems are complex, (ii) multiple perspectives are better than one, (iii) the results of research must influence practice, (iv) the heterogeneity of scale necessitates it, and (v) conservation involves compromise.	3
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at	0
The co-word map describing Hagenmüller's overall scientific production was created using Gephi, an open-source software for network analysis [22].	3
A visualization of a full counting co-authorship network of universities suggests that national borders play only a minor role in determining scientific collaboration, while a visualization of the corresponding fractional counting network gives the impression that scientific collaboration is strongly organized within national borders.	4
On these synthetic datasets a simple MLE based Logistic, a bayesian Latent Probit, the proposed Generalized Logistic model in the bayesian latent framework, and an MLE based Penalized Logistic model were run.	3
Overall, 29.30% of Indian research output is female first authored.	4
To analyse the Altmetric data of all dental literature and to find the most important and effective Altmetric factors.	1
The further precariousness and individualisation of academic research; illustrated by short term contracts, job insecurity and hyper-mobility (Ivancheva, 2015), should be considered as an important factor in the emergence of these platforms (Moore and Robinson, in press).	5
1 Increase in number of authors per published item, over time	0
An integrated model relating levels of research management and visualization approaches is proposed for the management and assessment of knowledge integration in IDR centers.	5
The analysis of the faculty survey indicated a slightly different trend than the analysis of the faculty training, with most of the current interests falling under Information (43%), followed by Library (30%), Education (8%), Communication (8%), Management and Policy (4%), Humanities (3%), Computing (2%), and Other (3%) areas (Figure 2).	4
When the post-1995 studies were compared with the articles published before 1995, articles were more frequently cited (median 27 vs 13 citations per year, P < .001), more likely to be randomized (14.0% vs 4.8%, P = .009), and more likely to originate from international authors (33.3% vs 17.5%, P = .045).	4
The journal Psychological Science (PS) has undergone various changes over 22 years since its birth in 1990.	1
Onboarding via the team science class enabled AIMS trainees to understand how a big project operates and adjust to new expectations.	4
Non-metric multidimensional scaling (NMDS) was performed based on the Jaccard matrix with 1000 permutations using the R package Vegan [32].	3
Altmetrics was also proposed as an alternative to the widely used citation and usage indicators in tracking the impact of individual articles.	3
To do so, modified JIFs were computed by adding additional citations to the number used by Thomson-Reuters to compute the JIF of journals listed in the JCR for 2008.	3
Finally, let us remark that our general approach could be improved by using advanced techniques to mix the probability functions that represent the different aspects concerning the model.	5
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
As for OA journals, this number increased by 45.9% (4143–7657) in the same period.	4
Retrieved items were organized by number of references using twelve intervals: 0–9; 10-19: 20-29: 30–39; 40–49; 50–59; 60–69; 70–79; 80–89; 90–99; 100–199; 200-299	3
The study combines survey-based data and Scopus-based data to test two main hypothesized connections while controlling for the potential effects of other factors, e.g.	1
The number of academic citations for each article was determined using Google Scholar.	3
We matched journal and publisher titles from Beall's list to source title and publisher's name in the official Scopus Source title list 13 , see Fig.	3
However, the unchanged importance of standard economic topics raises the question whether these changes are sufficient to face coming economic challenges.	5
For each paper, among other data, we obtained information about the journals impact factor and citation count.	2
The author with the largest number of published articles is Ratten, V. with nine articles, followed by Calabuig, F. and Crespo, J. with five articles each, and Gonzalez-Serrano, M.H. with four articles (Table 3).	4
We worked with the standard method for computing OLS regression coefficients and obtained the z estimates for direct and indirect effects, with a confidence interval of 95%, and the R2 for predicted and mediator variables.	3
RQ4: Are female first author citation advantages higher in narrow fields with a greater increase in the proportion of women?	1
This content downloaded from 193.105.245.44 on Sat, 28 Jun 2014 07:35:55 AM	0
This study showed that the addition of ultrasound to simulated trauma scenarios improved the diagnostic capabilities of resident and attending physicians.	5
The bibliometric data obtained from Google Scholar using Harzing's Publish or Perish (PoP) included the number of papers, total number of citations, number of citations per paper, number of citations per year, and h-index for the period 2010 to 2015.	2
Our study confirms the existence of interrelated thematic clusters with different specific weights.	5
Based on the panel data of universities directly under the Ministry of Education in China, we use the natural logarithm of the ratio between the number of scholars sent by universities and the number actually received by foreign universities to measure the international academic recognition.	2
Our results prompt additional questions for future research.	5
The interview study presented here aims to explore what factors students perceive to be integral to building a strong, supportive lab culture.	1
Contraction Consistency (CCON): If the n-dimensional reduced vector x results from the (n + k)-dimensional vector y by deleting k articles with the number of citations of every article being at most (f(y) – 1), then f(x) = f(y), where k ≥ 1.	3
The top 30 most relevant terms are extracted from the abstract collection as well as the full-text collection using two methods: TF (Term Frequency, Equation (1)) and the TF-IDF (Term Frequency-Inverse Document Frequency, Equation (4)) method.	3
The intercept term provides the estimate of A/A, the annual rate of change in the shift factor an estimate of the annual rate of technological change in scientific research output.	4
An automatic text categorization technique was used to classify the citations.	3
These empirical findings are important because it suggests continuous and longitudinal evidence on the domestic and global technological impact of science produced by China, a typical developing country but with an ambition in frontier innovation.	5
We revisit our recent study [Predicting results of the Research Excellence Framework using departmental h-index, Scientometrics, 2014, 102:2165–2180; arXiv: 1411.1996] in which we attempted to predict outcomes of the UK's Research Excellence Framework (REF 2014) using the so-called departmental h-index.	1
For each field the online set of publications 2005–2009 was divided into the four document types examined in this study and analyzed by means of the WoS Analytic Tools for cited countries and WoS categories as well as citation distributions 2005–2011.	3
The upshot of the foregoing is that CPBF does not only reproduce the economic dependence of academic institutions on CPBF, on commodity production and exchange – it also deepens it.	4
The almost universally higher citation impact association of the term and (i.e., articles with titles containing and tend to be more cited) is surprising since the presence of a conjunction seems to connote a longer, more complex title (although three word titles can include ‘‘and’’), whereas most previous research (reviewed in the Introduction) has found longer titles to associate with fewer citations.	4
The analysis on the properties of the h?-index demonstrates that the h?-index value is between 0 and h-index.	5
We acknowledge the helpful comments from an anonymous reviewer and Carl Chen (the Editor), and the research assistance of Anh Nguyen.	0
Of the 461 original articles submitted to the AJO-DO in 2008, we excluded 21 from the study: 2 case reports submitted as original articles, 15 articles not returned after revision requests, and 4 articles that were rejected and then resubmitted to the AJO-DO after 2008 and accepted for publication.	2
The EU27 and the USA have produced respectively 35.8 and 23.0 % of the F&V publications.	5
The averages were virtually the same for all countries and a Kruskal-Wallis test, which was used because of the small numbers of universities in all but the USA, found no significant differences (p = 0.82).	4
We first use logistic models to estimate whose publications are in the top decile of the citation distribution both in 1997 and 1998.	3
Funding information National Social Science Foundation of China, Grant/Award Number: 18CTQ027	0
They had selected 30 articles from the ACL Anthology Network (AAN, including 19,000 Natural Language Processing (NLP) articles).	2
We find that teamwork coaching mediates the positive association between team size and awarded outcomes.	1
The difference in citation habits (AC) was a significant ASCR predictor in 2012 and 2013, while publication habits (ΔΡ) and the difference in the H-index with vs.	4
The "multiple sclerosis" and "case report" were the most trending keywords.	4
As indicated in the table, articles published in the IJLM have been most influential to the International Journal of Production Economics (IJPE), which cited IJLM articles 443 times followed by the International Journal of Production Research (IJPR), which cited the IJLM 374 times.	4
We found commonly occurred motifs and anti-motifs are remarkably characterized by different structures matching certain functions in knowledge exchanges.	4
The density range of the network for each period is between 0.003 and 0.005, indicating a small density based on the degree 1.	4
2003) which elegantly extends the focus on the conditional mean to the full conditional distribution of publication quality.	1
We found that reviewers had a much higher rate of agreement for papers from China than papers from English-speaking countries.	5
We obtain our sample from the population of all articles published in the top 50 economics journals (in total, 126,505 articles).	2
Machine learning classifiers, including SVM, KLR, and RF, are harnessed to classify citations into important and non-important classes.	3
Therefore, the decentralisation of scientific production that took place between 2000 and 2007 did not contribute to reinforcing the existing hierarchy between scientific production sites.	5
The SSP2 scenario was adopted for future population values, as it is a middle-of-the-road scenario without any extreme changes in birth, survival, or migration rates (Fig.	2
There is almost no correlation between TS and RCR (r=0.184, p<0.01).	4
The average degree for senior fellows between Wave 1 and Wave 2 increased from 0.72 to 0.96, but dropped markedly to 0.60 during Wave 3.	4
Diachronous impact factor based on journal Energy Index (DIFJEI) is measured as follows:	3
In the ‘Cited Reference Search,' all eight indexes were selected, and a search for each STEM database was performed under the field for ‘Cited Work' and repeated under the field for ‘Cited Author.'	3
The data we use originates from the Bielefeld University Library project OpenAPC Initiative, which releases a repository of APC information, the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ), and, additionally, three datasets from Web of Science (WoS), which are the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) Journal Impact Factor database, the Essential Science Indicators (ESI) database, and the general journal information.	2
Focusing on the 2010-2014 period, we have linked the quality and quantity of published papers to usage statistics for the newly acquired consortia access to scholarly journals in three international publisher databases: ScienceDirect, SpringerLink and WileyOnline.	1
Scientific collaboration favors production and if there is a correlation between the researcher's international movements and scientific collaboration this has a positive effect on scientific production.	5
The present study examined 2343 articles having both altmetric attention scores and citations published by 22 core health care policy faculty members at Harvard Medical School.	1
We explored whether these authors have held a grant from the National Institute for Health Research (NIHR), the Medical Research Council (MRC) and the Wellcome Trust and compared the results with UK-based researchers who serve currently on the boards of these bodies.	1
PageRank scores for patents capture the clustering process of inventive activities in time, where many minor and intermediate inventions are the consequences of major paradigmatic ones, and the cumulativeness of knowledge generation in a technological field well.	5
For each collage, we applied the K-means clustering algorithm to create five clusters of colors of the collage’s pixels.	3
The SBPF is more likely to produce SBP than other patent families.	4
On comparing by additionally taking the population size into account, Israel followed by Sweden and Norway showed the highest performance.	4
The purpose of this research was to evaluate the ESI policy, applying new techniques that leverage existing data in the absence of a control group to infer causality.	1
Some Scopus records lacked author information, giving “Anon” or “Dull” instead.	0
The analysis of the ISI journals in Finance makes it clear that there are three leading journals in Finance, namely Journal of Finance, Journal of Financial Economics and Review of Financial Studies, which form an exclusive club in terms of the RAMs that measure journal quality and impact based on alternative measures of journal citations.	4
On the other hand, research multidisciplinarity helps to foster interdisciplinarity - research collaborations within a more multidisciplinary institution are more likely to occur between those with different research interests.	5
Multivariate analysis demonstrated that years in practice and h-index were the only factors significantly associated with academic rank.	5
Moreover, we observe associations suggesting that the probability of DG faculty placement has decreased over time and is smaller for women than for men.	4
This novel study couples databases and in silico-based predictions to prioritize chemicals in the environment with potential neurological impacts for future study.	5
Co-authorship analysis identifies networks of authors where links represent shared authorship of a paper and is a practical way to identify research collaborations via their outputs (Lundberg et al.	3
This paper, collects data concerning Scientometrics for unified assessment of journals and proposes a mechanism of assessment using data mining methods.	1
In our model, the editor's private signal about the manuscript's quality is captured by se ∈ {0,1}, where e ∈ {l,h} represents the type of the journal editor and determines whether the precision of the editor's signal is low (pl) or high (ph).	2
Role of the Sponsor: The sponsors had no role in the design and conduct of the study; in the collection, analysis, and interpretation of the data; or in the preparation, review, or approval of the manuscript.	0
The data was collected on May 7–8, 2009.	2
The problem now is how to find a single index that can aggregate properties of variety, balance, and disparity in a meaningful way and without much loss of information.	0
The gamification of quantified academic selves intensifies the competitive nature of scholarship, it commodifies academic outputs and it might lead to goal displacement and cheating.	5
The difference between the global index and the average of individual document indexes carries another relevant information about the corpus: it measures the diversity between the reference profiles of the corpus documents.	3
In this study, we used the Leiden algorithm to create a set of meaningful topics leveraging the entire Web of Science (WoS) database.	3
The Integration Score describes how the categories of the target papers differ from the categories of their cited papers, while the Diffusion Score describes the distance between the categories of target papers and the categories of their citing papers.	3
Our investigation of the relationships between funding and citation impact indicates that although funding is not related to receiving the first citation, it is highly linked to citation counts and top percentile citations.	5
The yearly population data was obtained from the Data Bank web portal of the World Bank.	2
Therefore bibliographic coupling provides an objective and quantitative perspective to the assessment of author contributions to collaborative research.	5
In the end, 1446 nodes and 3117 links are used for further analysis.	2
This may explain a relative increase in French, Spanish and Italian contributions to journals published in English, whilst the pressure in Germany may remain relatively strong to publish in the German literature.	0
To accomplish the purpose of this study, 818 peer-reviewed scientific articles describing original research studies were analyzed.	2
This procedure is a form of direct standardization, a technique that is commonly used in demography (Shryock et al., 1976).	3
We therefore aimed to investigate how reliable the rankings are, especially for universities with lower ranking positions, that often show inconclusive year-to-year fluctuations in their rank, and if these rankings are thus a suitable basis for management purposes.	1
The result of the paired samples t-test shows that there is a statistically significant difference between the plagiarised post ratios for the posts written by the students before and after the feedback (t=6.49, p=0.001).	4
The ratio between full-texts and research items positively correlates with overall reads (p 0.44, p value 0.0000) and, in turn, both the previous parameters positively correlate with the RG Score.	4
Recent developments in scholarly communication call for revisiting the effect open access e-theses (OAETs) have on future publishing opportunities.	1
Therefore, in summary, we find that in the case of Brazil, the differences in citation impact between Brazilian and foreign institutions are generally much larger than those between Brazilian institutions.	5
Seven of the 20 publications (35%) in Table 1 that are mainly responsible for citation peaks are methodological papers.	4
Our findings highlight the need for broad-scale actions that enhance inclusivity in knowledge synthesis processes through balanced representation of different knowledge holders and sources.	5
The figure used to be 20, which is probably more satisfactory).	0
The present article introduces the lessons learned of our experience in virtual web-based health research networking in Endocrinology and Metabolism Research Institute (EMRI).	5
All the results above are based on scientific papers.	5
Information on the administrative barriers comes from a new dataset, DEMIG POLICY, which contains information on more than 6500 policy changes in 45 countries over 1721-2014 period, see DEMIG (2015) and further description in Section 3.	2
Analyzing data from the full Scopus database, we investigate how aspects such as the community size, gender composition, and academic seniority of its members changed over time.	2
In this paper, we contribute to the literature on fame and scientometrics by taking advantage of recent advances in digital media, pointing our optic lens at the dynamics of scientists' literal fame.	5
One of the most common methods of bibliometric assessment of impact is citation analysis, which measures the number of times a paper, author, or organization has been cited in the scholarly literature.	3
(For interpretation of the colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article).	0
Second, for the construction of a co-citation matrix, pairs of co-cited references were identified based on the references of the full set of analyzed documents.	3
In this graph, we extracted 28,013 publications' text, including titles, abstracts, and full text.	2
The quality and reproducibility of research published in medical journals has been challenged for several years (Ioannidis JPA.	1
This is a small percentage and mostly applies to highly co-authored articles; and so, because of the fractional counting scheme used, this should not affect the results much.	0
Replacing the mean citation values (corresponding to the JIF) with the median to represent the central tendency of the citation distributions resulted in markedly lower numerical values ranging from ?	4
The author would be pleased to share the BASIC program used in this study with any requester.	0
To analyze trends in error publication in the top Otolaryngology—Head and Neck Surgery (OHNS) journals.	1
Bibliometric tools, such as performance analysis and science mapping were included in the analysis.	3
The first difference between the models of SP and excellence is the significant negative estimated parameter value of the fragmentation of funds (–0.04).	4
In this section we report on the results obtained from our scientometric analysis of 15 years of CSCW research and discuss the main findings.	0
Regarding international collaborations, a total of 9269 (45.5%) publications during the 10-year period included collaborations with co-authors from countries other than Jordan.	4
Next, we determined whether a CRPI for the source publication had been published, and categorized each citing reference as being in a citing article published before or after publication of the corresponding CRPI.	3
In order to clarify the situation, the present communication endeavors to investigate the impact of web presence on male and female Nanoscientists by studying their scientific publications indexed in Web of Science during 2005–2007.	1
Altmetric scores in sport sciences journals have a stronger relationship with number of citations than Journal Impact Factor and open access status do.	5
The median AAS was 19 (interquartile range 15-28).	4
In the next step, we collected all these authors’ curricula vitae from their official institutional Web pages or from their professional profiles on academic social media sites like ResearchGate, Academia.edu, LinkedIn, Mendeley, or the South American site Escavador.	2
In any case, the appearance of the journals on this list would not be of much assistance to collection development librarians seeking to enhance their terrorism research collections, since most academic libraries would already have these journals in their collections.	0
Collaboration and the degree of integration into the research community was operationalized with the collaborative coefficient (Ajiferuke, Burell, and Tague 1988).	3
Contrariwise, that score suffers from two major issues.	5
These 200 top-cited articles were analyzed and clustered by performing factor analysis and social network analysis (SNA).	3
In contrast to the two-exponent model, both models proposed in this paper have closed-from probability density functions and cumulative distribution functions.	5
The third analysis compared type of institution for codes 17, 1701, and 1702 using three separate repeated-measures ANOVAs (see Table 7 for the means and standard deviations for each University category).	3
Concerning our third assumption, we found evidence that the coordinating project was a major cooperation partner and supporting factor for E&C among the sub-projects.	5
It is found that the SDCR of a focal author is highly correlated with the sum of spatial diversity weights (“strength") of all his in-links, and it is better to set the damping factors smaller than 0.75 when ranking authors with various initial academic years by SDCR.	4
The authors of the current study set out to test for the presence of landmark works in a certain area of English literary scholarship with collection development in mind.	1
The research question we aim to answer is: How do scientists cope with the increased policy emphasis on societal impact?	1
Comparing the internal and external collaborations association with the publication impact, the result indicates that collaborations cross departments and institutions (inter-departments and inter-institution collaborations) have much higher correlation coefficients compared to the domestic (internal) collaborations to the publication impact but considering the country level collaborations, internal collaborations have higher associations rather than international collaborations.	4
The data were retrieved from the InCites of Thomson Reuters in September 2016 and included WoS content indexed through 14 July 2016.	2
52,457 projects and 455,572 papers are included in our final sample.	2
The complete list of the parties in the study is included in Appendices A, B, and C to facilitate the understanding of the findings in Figures 1 and 2.	0
In many respects, the post-2014 version of Medicine is best viewed as a new journal rather than a continuation of the original title.	5
In conclusion, bibliometric analysis revealed a strong relationship between networking size, percentage of invested GDP and oncology related productivity.	5
We used the FactoMineR [34] and factoextra [35] packages in the R Statistical Computing software to run the analysis.	3
We then use LSA with a cosine similarity—the most popular measure for establishing similarity among documents (Froud et al.	3
We performed a Scopus search for Jordanian publications in the years 2008–2017, where we extracted and calculated the total number of publications, publications in OA journals, publications with international collaborations.	2
All academy members (five women and 38 men) hold the rank of professor at their institutions.	0
Among contemporary articles published in major cardiovascular journals, open access publishing account for over 40% of articles and was significantly associated with increased short-term citations.	5
This is a dissemination device rather than a type of formal publishing and papers in these may be published in traditional journals.	0
The protocol for the semi-structured interviews applied to the study participants was generated and discussed by two authors of this article.	3
Despite the limitations of the study that are especially related to the data sets used, the results of this study are an interesting contribu- tion to the discussion concerning the relationship between collaboration in science and citation impact.	5
Scopus number of publications and h-index were correlated (P < 0.001).	4
Sectorial distribution of publications in the biology UD, University of Milan.	0
The USA took an overwhelming lead with 59 HCPs, followed distantly by England with 31 HCPs.	4
Where the secondary CiteScore (SSC) for the conference is calculated based on the average: SSC: 6.5 + 10 + 3 / 3 = 6.5	4
I focus specifically on Theodore Richards' career and publications.	1
In total, we conducted 9 interviews (5 with a ≤ 3 and 4 with a > 5).	2
As a starting point of the simulation, n agents are generated.	2
We explore the impact of academic books among six fields.	1
the career status of a researcher, play a role in decisions regarding preprint publication?	1
These data were sourced from PKULaw (https://www.pkulaw.com/), recognized as one of the most comprehensive and professional databases for retrieving laws and regulations in China.	2
It is cited in over 20% of all publications in psychiatry after 1990.	4
In conclusion, we examined the evolution of the interdisciplinarity of BMB over a period of over a century by cross discipline citations and science overlay map.	5
Assuming a significance level of 5%, for 27 actions significant differences in regard to the frequency with which the two groups on average use them were found.	4
The final section presents some caveats and final qualifications to this research.	0
The H index for each study subject was assessed using a commercially available citation database (Scopus, Reed-Elsevier, London, UK).	3
The authors are grateful to Shu-Yu Tung and Yun-Ling Lu for collecting the raw data used in the experiments.	0
We did not receive specific funding for the research published in this paper.	0
The combination of HCP and the h-index gives us information about the quality of publications, not only about their quantity.	5
The findings showed that the most archived documents were journal articles.	4
This section presents a formal model of information exchange in an academic community.	3
At the time of data collection, there were 247 e-theses repositories across Asia.	2
Team-authored papers were more likely to show atypical combinations than were single- or pair-authored papers.	4
In addition, the inefficiency of funding mechanism based on university rankings becomes more likely with increasing dispersion of performance within the research institutions.	5
The university assigned its 90 doctoral programs into five broad groups for assessment purposes.	2
Table 2 shows that the 2419 citing articles originated from 40 disciplines.	4
For this purpose, we conducted a bibliometric analysis of mental health and COVID-19-related journal articles published in 2020 to better understand countries' contributions to the global mental health discussion during the first year of the pandemic.	1
The universities contributing most articles were the Complutense University of Madrid (UCM) with 52 articles, followed closely by the Autonomous University of Barcelona (UAB), with 51 articles (figure 6).	4
A 2,100 by 2,100 matrix of universities using Google web domains inter-URL-citations was generated.	2
The first section contained eight research ethics terms that the students were asked to define in the space provided.	3
1), for example, one can expect a transformation of this representation for 1 < a < 3, an oscillation for 3 < a < 3.57, and further bifurcation and development towards chaos for larger values of a between 3.57 and 4.	4
We used Google Scholar to identify journal articles authored by multiple fellows and calculated the number of articles published each year from 2011 (program start) to 2022 (3 years after program end).	3
Bibliometrics analysis is a study to understand the inner structure in the research of a particular area.	3
Second, the publications in the eight journals from 2012 to 2014 were retrieved from WoS using the search strategy: IS = XXXX-XXXX AND PY = 2012–2014 in WoS.	2
The contribution is of technical and practical significance to the exploration of research issues reported in scientific literature (supporting the curation of entity associations found in the literature).	5
He raises three criticisms against my recent paper (Wray in Scientometrics 106(3): 1031–1035, 2016).	1
The goal of this study was to measure the extent of the persistence of co-authorship collaboration of researchers and analyse the factors that explain this persistence.	5
Interestingly, the overcitation and overrepresentation in the most cited papers is more important in the areas with the lowest shares of reviews in total publications.	4
Principal component and Cluster analyses were carried out to separate the types of productions registered in the Sucupira Platform from 2013–2016 (Artistic, Bibliographical, Technical) using SAS ? (Statistical Analysis System Institute, Cary, North Carolina).	3
To summarise, the derivation of similar impossibility results may contribute to a better understanding of the inevitable trade-offs between various properties, and it means a natural subject of further studies besides axiomatic characterisations.	5
Data on GRI research performance come from a publication database called the Clarivate Analytics Web of Science (WoS).	2
The Elsevier journal Computers and Electronics in Agriculture is the most-cited journal with 10,941 citations in 239 documents.	4
The presence of at least one of the following keywords listed in the name of journals was investigated: "radiology", "imaging", "medical imaging", "radiography", "ultra-sound”, “computed tomography”, “magnetic resonance", "interventional radiology".	2
We broadly followed the approach of Todd et al.	3
This study analyzes the impact of intra-sectoral mobility of academics on research productivity and R&D information exchange dynamics in Japan.	1
To identify such content, we used a filtering strategy (Filtering Retraction-Related Posts).	3
The information extracted included title, author, author's affiliation, periodical, and publishing time, etc., from the 17,853 retrieved articles.	2
Total citations are then multiplied by this percentage to give an 'influence' score of the number of Social Policy citations.	3
The Google Scholar citation was used to collect the data.	2
REF2021 environment data include an institutional and unit environment statement for each of the 83 units who made a submission to UoA23: Education.	2
In total, 2927 abstracts (AACA 2003-2010: n=1120, BACA 2000-2014: n=1807) were assessed to identify published papers (Furness et al., 2017a; Furness et al., 2017b).	2
A bibliometric analysis encompassing scientific contributions based on suicide or suicide-related ideation because of the coronavirus pandemic showed a total of 494 documents published in 230 journals/books.	4
We conducted a nation-wide study to compare average research productivity among surgical disciplines and identify predictors of increased academic productivity.	1
The general conclusion that can be drawn from the data recorded in Table 2 and Table S1 is that in many cases the failure probability of using the JIF for the evaluative comparison of the citation merits of two papers is quite high (≈ 0.5-0.3).	4
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
RQ1: Has the preferential attachment process been characterizing the temporal co-authorship network and secondly the citation network of the papers published in the Strategic Management Journal?	1
SNA was used to analyze the AP co-authorship network.	3
In this Study, 12 academic officials/experts, including two university presidents, one Vice President, three deans, two faculty members, two Ph.D.	2
Ultimately, with the benefits that US scientists accrued through their collaborations with Chinese scientists, the extent to which ties are reduced during times of normalcy as well as crisis may have long-term implications on US scientists' capacities to effectively respond and produce knowledge, including the ability to address global concerns, such as COVID-19.	5
It is more and more clear that the critical part of the UK’s performance is not the bulk activity around the centre but the outstanding high-end performance.	0
The purpose of this paper is to break new ground in understanding the various versions GS indexes, correlations between the number of GS versions and citation counts, and the value of institutional repositories for increasing scholarly impact.	1
In this paper, firstly, we propose TDC (Topic distribution correlation) and TFC (Topic frequency correlation) metrics to show that the productivity and the impact shape the correlation of topic distribution in scientists' publication sequence.	3
The results for institutional proximity measured by log_InnoInstCorr do not indicate a robust and significant positive association with the number of international research collaborations since the coefficient of this variable is not significant and has a negative sign in many specifications.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 61(6):1105-1119, 2010	0
The author would like to thank the editors and reviewers for careful reading, thoughtful comments and constructive suggestions for this article.	0
Our results suggest that keywords use changes over time within the same research cycle, regardless of other factors.	5
1 Department of Production Engineering, Federal University of Technology – Paraná, Monteiro Lobato Avenue, km 4, Ponta Grossa, Parana 84016-210, Brazil	0
The objective is to find a parameter-free solution for citation-impact assessment at this level of aggregation that is insensitive to possible outliers.	1
The use of the h-index as a criterion-based assessment across different universities is problematic and that it should be used as a normative assessment tool, with comparisons with a specified population of interest.	5
Sidney van den Bergh and Caty Pilachowski for providing information about the telescopes located in Hawaii and Arizona.	0
The objective of this study was to evaluate the correlation between the Healthcare Social Graph (HSG) score, a novel social media influence and impact metric, and the h-index, a traditional author-level metric.	1
How extensive is the variation in citation impact among the articles within the Beall's List journals?	1
The net return to the CPSA from the journal accounts for roughly a third of the association's annual total revenue in recent years.	4
We excluded edited books, book series, and book chapters to restrict the results to monographs.	2
Due to the facts that author keywords are included in records of articles from 1991 forward in Web of Science and the data in 2020 were not completely available at the time of data collection, the data set only covered data from 1991 to 2019.	2
In conclusion, the differences between the various scoring methods are indeed relevant and do have practical consequences.	5
This data is a dump of the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) and contains more than 126 millions of publications and more than 467 millions citations (Sinha et al., 2015).	2
considering proportionate representation of authorship in contributions produced by a particular institution or country.	3
The second step of the analysis was the extraction of all references cited by the 7623 Higgs boson publications (altogether 136 403 cited references).	2
To study the visibility of EM journals in mainland China, a total of ten databases were selected on the basis that they were considered as representative sources within the biomedicine.	2
Final section draws some conclusions on the advantages, limitations, and the future work plans.	0
The Beta coefficients are shown to be positive and statistically significant at the 0.005 level for predictor X7, and at the 0.01 level for predictor X6.	4
This paper uses the feature weighting algorithm TF-IDF to normalize the feature vector.	3
Contrary to prior research, we focus on addressing the second research question: what is the role of government assistance in the relationship between facilitating interdisciplinary cooperation and research productivity?	1
Note: Values in each cell are: mean number of publications, standard deviation, percentage of respondents not publishing any papers in the category, and number of respondents	0
The number of citations of the top 100 cited publications ranged from 82 to 777.	4
We used a standard chi-square test based on first-author gender to analyze the likelihood of cross-gender and same-gender collaboration.	3
In Main Panel D (Arts and Humanities), a third of ICSs (32.8%, or 502 out of 1528) had at least one museum mention (names or URLs) while in Main Panels A, B, and C only 1.8% (25 out of 1419), 4.6% (58 out of 1268), and 4.7% (101 out of 2146) of case studies had at least one museum mention, respectively.	4
Keywords Allometry · Citation-based impact · Power-law · Self-similarity · JCR journals	0
The final checklist includes 14 items encompassed in five domains (Importance of the study, Robustness of the study methods, Interpretation and discussion of the study results, Reporting and transparency of the manuscript, Characteristics of peer reviewer's comments).	4
The present paper aims to explore the role of Health Research Networks (HRN) in facilitating and expedite achieving the prospects for goals of health research based on the visions of Iran by 2025.	1
We found that 48% of publications using statistical analysis stated on their first page that replication files were available; we were able to find replication files for 68% of these.	4
In this study, we sought to evaluate the quantity and quality of scientific publications in the field of health care sciences and services among Chinese authors from 2007 to 2014; further, we compared these with publications from Japan and India.	1
We argue that degree and eigenvector centrality are reasonable measures of importance in an author-journal network, but betweenness and closeness centrality are not.	3
Hong Kong had the highest-quality research output, according to mean journal impact factor and mean citation count.	5
We provide a tractable example that has a closed-form solution and allows numerical applications.	3
The objective is to characterize the major aspects of the journal in terms of most contributing countries, institutions, and authors to the knowledge in ESWA journal.	1
Collaboration type was determined by author attribution, “independent articles (IAs)” was assigned if the authors' addresses were from the same country; “international collaboration articles (ICAs)” was designated for those articles which were coauthored by authors from multiple countries.	3
There was no significant effect of the interaction between the journal type and the country source—the effect of country source was the same, regardless of the journal type.	4
The low levels of BERD, coupled with the apparent difficulties in its measurement, speak to what Soete and Freeman (2007) referred to as disarticulated innovation systems.	5
In this regard, research-based innovation must be understood as a long-term output.	5
This is a pre-print of a paper and is subject to change before publication.	0
Unfortunately, this is not possible for economists because they give article publication the utmost importance.	0
This paper conducted a bibliometric analysis to research conducted related to COVID-19 focusing on Malaysia cases.	1
The occurrence of descriptors was analysed using VOSViewer, a program that groups them into clusters and generates a map of their connections.	3
Additionally, most currently very highly cited papers were relatively uncited when they were used in the IF calculation.	4
Percentage contributions of each component to the research environment evaluation in each panel	0
We thus contacted the editorial members of some of the most renowned journals in general ecology (those with the highest impact factors and avoiding journals that are either specialized or multidisciplinary).	2
This test checks for statistical significance between groups for both link page hierarchy and number of clicks.	3
The focus of this study is to analyze the cost of OA articles today in the Brazilian production.	1
If we consider the disruption index values in Table 1, it is noticeable that most of the values are relatively small and close to zero.	4
We also found that China, Germany, and Brazil dominate research in industrial computing.	4
The authors, their institutions, and publishers accept no responsibility on behalf of readers.	0
Our model indicates that of the four schemes, the US population has the highest induced ability and the PL and CNRS the lowest, while the AJG is somewhere in between; the CNRS is actually better than the PL distribution for most quantile values except the quantile values between 0.75 and 0.9.	4
The authors sought to compare the available metrics and determine the value users assign to a collection through their decisions about the journal articles they download and the journals they publish in, as well as the value inherent in their peers' decisions to cite faculty journal articles.	1
In this article, we only take into account the first five forward citation generations of the core set of Big Data research, but from a theoretical point of view, most of our discussions would also apply to the backward citation generations as well.	3
ECO= Economy, ENV= Environmental, GST= Green & Sustainable Science & Technology, ENG= Engineering; GEO= Geography, MTH= Mathematics, OPR= Operations Management and Research, ST= Science and Technology, TR= Transport	0
These factors are shown in Figure 2 and labeled as F1, F2, F3, F4, F5, and F6.	0
This study is part of a larger project of Web data mining for business intelligence funded by the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada (SSHRC).	0
It has shown that scholars cannot always obtain the full-text version of an article they need, and must pursue other avenues in order to acquire it.	5
The findings revealed that majority of the lecturers in Nigeria are either unfamiliar with the term IR or have very little level of knowledge on the aims and objectives of IR, and therefore have low disposition to submitting their work.	4
We find that the areas that have the highest disciplinary IFs are not the ones that contribute the most articles.	4
Participants who were able to list English journals of their own specialty up to four were 44.02% for 0, 13.77% for one journal, 13.89% for two journals, 9.26% for three journals, and 19.06% for four journals.	4
In this research, we seek an answer to the following research question "can targeted warnings discourage students from cheating on exams?".	1
Our analysis relies on data from the Scopus database produced by Elsevier.	2
(While Google and Google Scholar both retrieved 31 total full-text articles, the articles found were different across platforms.)	0
We have investigated the reception of the expert opinions with the help of data from the Mendeley reference manager.	1
The data we use consist of the careers of 1,512,472 actors and 896,029 actresses from 1888 up to 2016 and are collected from the International Movie Database (IMDb) http://www.imdb.com.	2
This study aimed at investigating the predatory publishing phenomenon in orthodontics by analyzing the content of unsolicited e-mail invitations received within 12 months.	1
Citations to 124 potential predatory journals and poor scientific standards journals are looked up in Scopus and the citing authors analysed in regards to geographic location, publications and citations.	2
We appreciate assistance from Alexander Sokolov, Elena Nasybulina, and Angelina Petrushina (National Research University Higher School of Economics, Moscow) in facilitating interviews.	0
The population consisted of 491 academics and five repository librarians from the five universities that have their IR in Open DOAR.	2
In total, 263 peer-reviewed and 94 non-peer-reviewed obesity research publications were cited.	4
The g-index satisfies property (WA) but not property (GG).	4
Intentionally reducing the pre-study options to only two qualities (i.	5
Bourdieu's social theory with its emphasis on mechanisms of domination can be applied to the academic field, too, where competition is omnipresent, control mechanisms of authorship are loose, and the result of performance assessment can be a matter of symbolic life and death for the researchers.	3
On the individual level, we establish that researchers in both segments perceive their autonomy as being very high, whereas practical autonomy differs according to department.	4
Our primary goal is to characterize the dynamics of WNV replication and the adaptive humoral response in murine hosts.	1
A similar feature is found in patents with delayed, gradual awakenings.	0
The publication year range was limited to 2008 and 2009.	2
This study examines structural changes in a scientific collaboration network after serial exposure to major disasters.	1
Scientists from India and Turkey reported the lowest rates of collaboration, both in terms of perceived collaboration as well as estimated publication: 52% and 49% respectively reported that 0% of their collaborators in the past year were from institutions in other countries.	4
To evaluate the inter-annotator consistency, we measured the Cohen's Kappa value [55] among 8 annotators, resulting in a high value of 0.97.	4
RQ1 Based on the symbolic capital that sustainability science's leading journals represent, which position in the field do these publications occupy?	1
Our results showed a significant increase in publications on 'population genetics of Neotropical plants' in recent decades integrating a great amount of researchers and institutions relatively well connected worldwide.	5
Benchmarking a fact-checking system consists of comparing its output to the expected answer for each sequence.	3
We specify how the migration patterns of NLs and world's scientific centres evolved across different geopolitical eras, including Phase A (–1945, Pre-World War II period), Phase B (1946–1991, Cold War period), and Phase C (1992–2023, Globalisation period).	3
It compares and contrasts Internet expansion over this time period across two institutional settings with an agricultural focus: government research institutes and universities.	3
Considering only publications of the type Articles, Letters, Reviews and Proceeding Papers, we collected for each publication year in the period 2007–2009 the number of citations received in the first two years after publication (not including the publication year).	2
The immediate indicator is similar to the diachronous indicator, but operates with a 1-year publication window.	3
Two key findings of this study support the idea that the top 10 Beall's List accounting journals tend to be cited in less reputable outlets than the Scopus accounting journals of similar citation impact.	5
Note that 1.1 million papers have multiple PACS numbers, hence they may belong to multiple subfields.	0
Both the first author average cited rate (MNLCS) and the team maximum cited rate have moderate or strong Spearman correlations with journal MNLCS in all broad fields (Fig.	4
Table 4 illustrates the Social Learning Processes, Social Capital Outcomes, and Knowledge and Human Capital Outcomes of the interdisciplinary research process in which the research team engaged.	4
As co-authorship is among the most well-documented forms of research collaboration, the present study aimed to explore whether authors' collaboration methods might influence the methodological quality of SRs and MAs of psoriasis.	1
Received 1 June 2007; received in revised form 9 July 2009; accepted 3 December 2009	0
Co-authorship networks revealed collaborations among authors, organizations and countries, the degree of relationships and the influence of different scholars or groups within the special research filed could be described [10].	3
Our study explores 1) how reviewers use the confidential comments section and 2) alignment between comments to the editor and comments to authors with respect to content and tone.	1
The results presented serve to enhance our understanding of factors determining scientist's productivity, and methods best suited to investigate collaboration and productivity in developing areas.	5
Received 19 March 2022; Received in revised form 25 February 2023; Accepted 2 March 2023	0
In this paper we try to define and outline its shape, and enumerate its indicators.	1
We conduct an empirical study on a dataset collected from the Web of Science (WoS) in Library & Information Science (LIS) to evaluate the validity of the framework.	2
This English naming convention makes it impossible to distinguish the two career paths.	0
The objective of this article is to present a bibliographic research methodology to identify and analyze current and potential research collaborations across faculties at an institution of higher education.	1
The second explanation is that princes do not have to be co-cited with SBs.	5
According to Chi2 test results presented in Table 1, a significant difference was observed between various access models in terms of paper numbers (x2 = 46,091, α < 0.05).	4
In summary, while the present results are consistent with previous qualitative studies, they uncover significant variations of the score of articles in previously defined categories, therefore highlighting the necessity of quantifying research level at the individual article level.	5
Note: ** denotes correlation was significant at the 0.01 level (two-tailed).	0
(Proc Natl Acad Sci USA</PUBLICATION> 112:7426–7431, 2015), taking into account the whole citation history of the publications concerned, we substituted yearly citations in “beauty coefficient” with yearly cumulative percentage of citations, and eliminated the denominator in “beauty coefficient” since the curve of a given document’s cumulative citations is always monotonically increasing if only the document is cited.	3
Papers about Physics, Sociology, LIS, and Art are retrieved from Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG, Wang et al., 2020).	2
Almost half of the citing authors have not published any publications that are indexed in Scopus and more than half have not received any citations.	4
The effects were computed for Swedes recruiting to a senior position.	0
However, unexpectedly, if both the female ratio and contributions improve in an intergender collaboration team, female scholars can also contribute to disruptive innovation.	4
Deficiencies in the citation-matching processes that lead to inaccurate data will likely persist unless something fundamentally shifts.	5
96.75 % of the articles are published in English.	4
For this reason we have conducted our logistic regressions controlling for the correlation associated to mobility instances that correspond to the same individual researcher (i.e., clustering by individual identifier), to take account of the fact that individual researchers' characteristics are common to different observations of instances of mobility in our sample.	3
The study aims to answer the following three questions: 1) Who are the most productive and impactful contributors of the HCPs in WoS category of linguistics or language & linguistics in terms of publication venues, authors, and countries?	1
Malaysian Journal of Library & Information Science, Vol.15, no.3, Dec 2010: 53-73	0
The data suggests that research impact can be related directly to internationalization only to rather low values for both indicators.	4
To find 50 articles indexed in WOS and also located in the corresponding IR, a random number generator was used to randomly select articles from the IR.	3
In the second stage, the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) of ISI Web of Science has been used to retrieve Internet studies published in 2000–2010.	2
In this paper, we reveal and visualize the intellectual structure of one field with co-word analysis, which has proved a well-established and effective approach (Wu et al.	3
Considering major contributing institutes, top institutes in organic farming research in India are ICAR- Indian Agricultural Research Institute, Punjab Agricultural University, Banaras Hindu University, ICAR Research complex for North-eastern Hill Region, and CCS Haryana Agricultural University.	5
We delineated three world regions: (1) Europe, including all 28 current European member states plus Norway and Switzerland; (2) North America, including Canada and the United States; and (3) Asia-Pacific, including Australia, China, India, Japan, Indonesia, and New Zealand.	3
In this paper, we adopt three kinds of centrality.	3
They are neither intended to be exhaustive nor to represent a list of all journals cited.	0
The proportion and frequency of usage between two groups of companies was compared, and a chi-square test was conducted to analyze the differences.	3
Figure 4 shows that the rediscovering authors have larger significance values than the average level in all five indices.	4
Centre for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden University, Leiden (The Netherlands)	0
The incident of citation to each database was compared by document type as well as article citation count by year, country, organization enhanced, journal and WoS subject category.	3
The Akaike Information Criteria is smaller for Model 2 (114.2) than for Model 1 (121.4), meaning that is the best approximation for representing the final decisions made by the peers panel at the contest.	4
Therefore, we develop metrics to recommend valuable referential papers in this paper.	1
New dynamic indices allow authors with the same citation vector a, i.e.	4
For the top 30 categories, we used the year as the predictive variable in order to conduct linear regression on the reference density to detect if there was an increasing trend in the number of references cited per article between 2003 and 2019.	3
Water quality research work carried out in different countries increased over the years, and the USA ranked first in productivity while India stands in the seventh position in quantity and occupies the ninth position in quality of the research output.	4
Next, it investigates network structures of international student mobility and scholarly communication on two social media platforms, Twitter and Mendeley.	1
As a base source of nanotechnology publication records to iteratively test and refine our active nanotechnology search approach, we use the Georgia Tech Global Nanotechnology dataset.	2
Here, we demonstrate a useful analysis methodology for evaluating nonexponentiality in article page views by applying the modified stretched exponential function, where the stretched exponent is modified to be time dependent and defined as β(t) in s = exp[?(t/a)β(t)] [14–19].	3
The aim of this paper is to study the research landscape in BRICS countries and intra-BRICS collaboration, evaluate their similarity and mutual influence, and also visualize these processes to make them accessible to interested users.	1
2.3 | Overall journal trend analysis (1999–2024) and bibliometric data collection	0
In today’s world, claiming precedence of one’s scientific work largely means having to publish it first.	0
Datapoint size relates to the number of articles published in a given year.	0
However, female AI scientists show significantly higher closeness centrality on average compared to male scientists (p<0.001).	4
We compare the peer review evaluation scores and early citation-based scores of a large set of publications to a benchmark, which represents a robust proxy of total impact of such publications.	1
A discussion and analysis of our findings are presented in "Results" section.	0
The search formula is ((IPC = C09K011) AND (TOPIC = (nano *)), search result: 7114 patent families.	2
Construal-level theory is used to explain that the probability of new discoveries may be underestimated because of psychological distance.	3
The data material consists of 5554 researchers from the four largest universities in Norway (University of Oslo, University of Bergen, The Arctic University of Norway, and The Norwegian University of Science and Technology).	2
Moreover, based on the similarities and discrepancies of the collaborative mode of countries and regions, we classify them into two clusters.	1
Among CC and CO studies published in OA and non-OA journals, we did not observe significant differences in the median value of NOS score (p = 0.8) and in the adherence to STROBE checklist (p = 1).	4
The relation states that beyond a threshold of ten references, there is an average of 2.2 references per 1000- word page.	0
The questionnaire was distributed in two main ways: first, Springer sent out an invitation to 10,000 authors to take part in the survey, which was hosted on SurveyMonkey.	2
Next, three collaboration networks were extracted based on the co-occurrence of authors/institutions/countries, respectively.	3
The individual-/cluster-type relations of journals are easily examined on Google Maps.	4
First, acknowledging that the data were based on SIOP membership, we provide empirically derived norms for I-O psychologists in academia that can be used to interpret impact, which at the minimum complement or maybe even replace intuitive approaches that are often used to evaluate impact metrics.	5
In sum, the forefront of bioethics is getting more diversified, collaborative and international.	5
The 570 cases examined by the Committee to-date are all anonymized, catalogued and stored in the Committee's database for members to consult (see COPE, 2017).	2
The changing trends were evaluated by regression analysis, which was performed by SAS software version 9.1.3 (SAS Institute Inc., Cary, NC, USA).	3
Our observations suggest that Antarctic studies were marked by stable growth and dynamic collaboration, with an increasing number of articles and citation counts.	5
It is evident that the VQR assignment is not always a good indicator of the performances of departments, scientific disciplines, and individuals.	4
Frequency of authorship information (Table 6) indicates that the number of authors who have published a single distributed article in the journal is 879 (76 percent).	4
Against this backdrop, the objective of this article is to analyze academic innovation policy research using bibliometrics to map the leading regions and topics in this field.	1
Our eventual aim is to understand what each weighing method actually measures and whether some weighing methods work better than others for evaluating author citation impacts.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 52(4):297–308, 2001	0
We tested this assumption by classifying the universities using the Characteristics scores and scales (CSS) method—“a parameter-free solution for the assessment of outstanding performance” (Gl?nzel et al.	3
This study aims to reveal the number of publications per year, country collaborations, citation status, topic clusters, titles and keywords and the scientific outputs published in 2009–2018.	1
+ β?REV.SCORE + β?NUMB.AUTH + β?AUTH.PRESTIGE + β?AUTH.RANK + β?SUBFIELDS + ε.	3
We followed a basic statistical approach and proposed a network-based approach to understand relative participation of different disciplines.	3
For this study, we selected Nature, a journal with high IF, as a case study to present a new approach to calculate and analyze the structure of the IF using the Web of Science (WoS) database (Andrade, Gonzalez-Jonte and Campanario 2009; Campanario 2011b).	1
The data were collected through ResearchGate and Scopus in January 2021.	2
The goal is to identify the proportion of outstanding universities in each single field of research (192 fields), namely units whose difference from the overall mean is statistically significant.	1
Japan had the highest journal impact factor among the most popular journals, and the highest average citation number per document.	4
Analyses are run in Matlab and visualizations are made with Gephi (Bastian et al. 2009).	3
Specifically, leading terms are associated with specific information, delay terms pertained to general research, and synchronous terms are related to more generalized topics.	5
Citations of Dotter's publications were extracted from the Web of Science database through 31 December 2013 (n = 7866 citations).	2
Received 23 February 2022; Received in revised form 28 October 2022; Accepted 28 October 2022	0
The choice of categories was inspired by Giles and Councill's (2004) classification: funding agencies (FUND), corporations (COR), universities (UNI), and individuals (IND).	3
Therefore, this paper will focus on solving two research questions below:	1
English, German, French, Spanish, Russian, and Italian (IntLang), and (4) members of the editorial advisory board from foreign countries (IntEdit).	3
Through this paper, we aim at answering the following questions: What is the evolving trend of Big Data and Artificial Intelligence (AI) in the field of (computational) social science?	1
We thank Latonia Trimuel, Research Team Support and Development at the Northwestern University Clinical and Translational Science (NUCATS) Institute, for her role managing the electronic distribution list of perspective participants used throughout this study.	0
We thank Sina Ghavamabadi, Antti Jalonen, Jaakko Kivist?, Penglong Li, Lauri Lindfors, Henri Peltonen, and Vertti Viitala for research assistance, and Petri Jylh?, Samuli Knüpfer, Kimmo Niinim?ki, and two anonymous reviewers and Michael Ungeheuer for comments.	0
3(a)-top by the comparison of the distribution of semantic dissimilarity for connected versus all dyads.	4
The survey revealed that respondents (N = 209) had little knowledge about ETDs or the sources that provide access to them.	4
However, the strong positive effect on long-term productivity presents only in the three- and four-year early debuts.	4
In particular, the work shows a general overview of the countries that have published the most articles in tourism, leisure and hospitality journals indexed in the WoS from 1990 to 2014.	5
Thus, we recommend relying on numeric systems for in-text citations (see S2 in the Supplementary Material for an example).	3
In the current study, CiteSpace was used to identify co-occurrence maps of authors, keywords, institutions, countries or provinces and capture keywords.	3
Scientists are ready to pay APC as long as institutions pay for it and funding agencies are not ready to insist that grants provided for research should not be used for paying APC.	5
The global main path is the path with the highest sum of weights among all paths, which represents the overall flow of knowledge.	3
Whereas a few cases of self-plagiarism that would not likely have been accepted with today's guidelines were indeed identified, no cases of fraud or serious plagiarism were found.	4
Top Web of Science categories for El Salvador publications are public, environmental and occupational health, with 90 articles (16 % of 562 articles), infectious diseases (8.2 %), and tropical medicine.	4
Obstacles to the development of disaster medicine include the lack of scientist communities, transdisciplinary research, innovative research perspectives, and continuous research.	5
Systematic review authors should be vigilant for predatory journals that can appear to be legitimate.	5
In this regard, we first collected 6,401 authors who have published papers between 1980 and 2017 in any of the eight top IS journals listed by the Association for Information Systems.	2
The most extensive cooperation is Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Covion Organic Semiconductors Gmbh, and Konink Philips Electronics Nv and both have cooperation, so as a key intermediate node, it can promote more technical cooperation in the field of nano-luminescent materials.	4
Research Co-Ordination Office, Catholic University of Leuven, Universiteitshal, Naamsestraat 22, B-3000 Leuven, Belgium.	0
This article explores the pace of AI from the perspective of AI papers, AI players, and trial and error, using three measures: Average Time Interval, Innovation Speed, and Update Speed.	5
For a full report on the interviews and its results please see SOPs4RI’s D5.2: Report on the Results of the Focus Group Interviews (S?rensen et al., 2020).	0
Dataset 2 (DS2) contains the metadata of a minimum of 1000 articles published in one or more top journals of a given subject area.	2
The publications from 1998–2002 and 2008–2012 were significantly different both in terms of numbers and characteristics.	5
This article aims to report the publication trend of COVID-19 and non-COVID-19-related articles published in all the issues of the Indian Journal of Ophthalmology from January 2020 to March 2021.	1
A 4-year citation time window is necessary when the variety indicator is used, whereas balance and disparity require at least 11-year and 13-year citation time windows, respectively.	4
1 School of Journalism and Communication, Nanjing Normal University, Nanjing 210097, China	0
Confidence intervals for these indicators can help with attempts to infer whether differences between sets of publications are due to chance factors.	1
Barro represent the Archetypoid 3, the top performer.	4
National Institutes of Health funding amounts and success rates were compared for all disciplines using data from NIH, Federation of American Societies for Experimental Biology (FASEB), and Blue Ridge Medical Institute.	2
While such extrapolations are common in corpus studies, any temptation to generalize to the entire population should only be done with extreme caution.	0
We, highligth in bold the lexical query sets modified by the application of the proposed steps	0
We used the Web of Science database [5] to reconstruct the scientific careers of 1,204,688 scientists from the fields of chemistry, mathematics, physics, applied physics, space science and astronomy, zoology, geology, agronomy, engineering, theoretical computer science, biology, environmental science, political science, and health science, altogether authoring approximately 87,4 million papers.	2
What is the impact of national higher education initiatives on university rankings?	1
To this end, the research published by Spain and Germany, the two EU countries with the highest installed photovoltaic capacity, was analyzed based on Web of Science data.	1
News ranking process by producing a ranking model that faithfully recreates U.S.	1
Therefore, the first clear pattern in the data suggests that the answer to our research question (has AP started to accumulate during the second half of the Twentieth century?) may be positive.	5
A total of 3923 articles were analyzed, comprising 2867 scientific articles (72.6%) and 1056 nonscientific (editorial, commentary, etc.) articles (27.4%).	4
Looking at Table 2, it is apparent that mobile scientists publish in more prestigious journals and get more forward citations than the immobile scientists get (almost two times the immobile gets on average).	4
Therefore, NFM research capacity in China should be further strengthened to maximize the advantages gained via research to date.	5
Most common among our examples is “Mertonian” serendipity, where research is planned and leads toward the anticipated objective, but was made possible by an unexpected, serendipitous event during the research process.	4
To analyse the differences between the indicators (visits, downloads and citations) in different knowledge areas, the Kurskall-Wallis test has been used.	3
Middle- or low-income countries had not only fewer publications within recent aSAH research, but also less estimated impact.	5
MutualRank provides a unified model that involves both intra- and inter-network information for ranking papers, researchers, and venues simultaneously.	3
The dataset used in this paper is derived from the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG), which is a heterogeneous graph containing multiple types of publications (e.g., journal papers, conference papers, patent, book, book chapters or other) and the citation relationships between those publications.	2
From Table 2, we can see that 23.8 % of the articles show a bidirectional relation between monthly downloads and citations, 24.3 % of the articles show a unidirectional pattern whereby the type of “Di→Ci” occupies 12.0 % and “Ci→Di” 12.3 %.	4
How can revivals of scientific publications be explained using bibliometric methods?	1
Such findings indicate a correlation between increased intelligibility (beyond the narrowly conceived discipline of environmental chemical engineering) and citability of the journals, since WR and CEJ have the highest impact factors, at 6.942 and 6.216, respectively.	4
The variables analyzed were: gender, geographic and institutional distribution, duration since doctorate defense, research productivity fellowship level, scientific output until 2010 and the H index in Scopus ? and ISI databases.	3
Main producers of this research were traditionally located in North America and Europe but now include countries like China and Brazil.	5
Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry, European Food Research and Technology, Food and Chemical Toxicology were the most active journals in the field.	4
Above all, our results indicate that academic engagement with industry will not change the research direction of early career scientists in the treatment group and control group.	4
The paper ends with a summary of the findings, followed by discussion and conclusions.	0
This needs better strategic planning and more collaboration between various institutions.	5
Rebecca Abma-Schouten is employed by the Dutch Heart Foundation and as external PhD candidate affiliated with the Centre for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden University.	0
Among specialties, the maximum number of citations were gathered by general ophthalmology (156, 1320 (8.46)) followed by oculoplasty (36, 592 (16.44)) due to the concurrent mucormycosis epidemic.	4
By applying this research strategy, in ScienceDirect? the author got 7529 scientific papers in the target time of 1-year.	2
*Use of trade names and commercial sources here and elsewhere in this paper is for identification only and does not imply endorsement by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention or the U.S.	0
For different algorithms, algorithms that are classic, high-performing and appear at the junctions of different eras can possess high popularity, control, central position and balanced influence in the network.	4
Our data set covered 4,246,653 articles' publication information in 14.3 thousand journals in the natural and social sciences from 1980 to 2009 provided by WoS, including 4,079,829 articles in the natural sciences and 166,824 articles in the social sciences (see S6 in Supplementary Materials for more details).	2
The views expressed herein are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Bureau of Economic Research.	0
All 79 Laureates will be considered in this study.	2
The first phase happened from the beginning of the 20th century to the 1950s and was characterized by the progressive rise of articles, authors, institutions and countries.	5
Out of 194 corresponding authors from non-OECD countries, 35 (18.7%) returned a completely filled survey that could be included in the analysis.	4
The USA is the most productive country with 206 publications (36.46 percent), followed by China with 111 publications (19.65 percent).	4
The texts show that reviewers did not prioritize potential impact directly or indirectly; instead they focused on the soundness of arguments.	5
How the institutions of similar nodal properties tend to connect with each other has been illustrated.	0
What is the structural pattern of the network of co-institutions in terms of SCI papers in the research domain driven by IoT?	1
In this paper we describe the review process in which an expert sequentially evaluates the manuscript attributes.	3
About 2,008 abstracts published between 2012 and 2016 in the journal Schizophrenia Research were down- loaded from Pubmed Central using the keyword (Schizophr Res)[Journal] on September 20, 2018.	2
More specifically we address the following research questions: (1) How is the BKCI distributed by discipline and country?	1
Then finally the key questions were: What were the implications for a department preparing a submission and what were the implications for the workings of the REF panels?	1
Moreover, papers about information organization were significantly less cited than the papers related to foundations of LIS at the .01 level of significance.	4
This bibliometric analysis focuses on the history of climate change research: Which are the early works that are still alive in recent climate change related publications in the form of most frequently cited references and thus are most important for the evolution of this research field?	1
Seven-hundred and thirty-five authors participate in 154 prominent research clusters or groups.	4
Motivated by this event, the objective of this study is to present a bibliometric overview of the leading trends of the journal during this period.	1
During the period 1580,113 patent applications were filed, of which 629,541 were cited.	4
The FAD of the United States on China is getting higher, but China is dependent on the United States more in general.	4
The information is then visualized by means of multidimensional scaling and hierarchical clustering.	3
It applies the method of query hit counts (QHC) used in scientometric analyses (e.g., Da Teixeira Silva et al., 2020; Gusenbauer, 2019; Kousha & Thelwall, 2020; Lazarus et al., 2020; Ordu?a-Malea et al., 2015) to determine subject coverage.	3
Manuscripts submitted to the Turkish Journal of Hematology.	2
Bibliometric analysis and mapping methods were employed to explore the bibliometric characteristics of Current Science.	3
Using Web of Science publication data from European regions for the period between 2008 and 2017, this study examines, first, the impact of scientific collaboration on novelty of research.	1
The number of Scopus citations to each Google Code project was then calculated by consolidating the results, producing a list of 5,370 unique repositories.	2
*A full listing of the 2011-2012 and 2012-2013 Committees appears in the appendix.	0
The discounting of minorities' innovations may partly explain their underrepresentation in influential positions of academia.	5
To address this gap, we aimed to map health research funding through a survey of health research institutions across India on funding over a 5-year period, estimate of funding by the industry, and assess health research funding trends in India 2001 onwards by major funding agencies to get an improved understanding of total health research funding in India.	1
The immediate concern inferred from these elements is that Sci-Hub might get perceived as an OA initiative, but clearly it is not.	5
We found an increasing number of scientific publications and conference presentations over time, a finding that is in line with the literature (9) and confirms our second assumption.	5
A bibliometric analysis was conducted to obtain an overview of predatory publishing.	3
This evaluation of the publication performance and research output of neurology and neurosurgery training institutes would serve as a baseline data for future evaluations and comparisons.	5
Regarding the number of researchers, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization has provided estimates for each major country from 1996 onward.	2
The goal of this article was to assess how the health of software engineering conferences evolves over time, in terms of a variety of criteria: stability and representativeness of the PC with respect to the authors’ community, openness to new authors, introversion, availability of PC candidates and scientific prestige.	5
This search yielded a set of 1,253,028 records (duplicates between SSCI and A&HCI were removed) containing three publication types over the five years.	2
We do this by calculating the revealed comparative index (Balassa, 1965).	3
So the trend found by WHW reversed itself for this set of journals over the ten years of this study: sole authorship decreased and coauthorship increased.	4
Received 22 April 2024; Received in revised form 4 September 2024; Accepted 9 September 2024	0
2017) as well as the funding information found in the Acknowledgements sections of academic articles.	1
The sizes are not comparable across networks: Each network has been scaled differently.	0
Conference proceedings are only cited by a small fraction of the publications in the database and therefore have a relatively low citation rate in comparison with journal articles.	4
We recently considered the paper titled 'Research grants, research collaboration, and publication in predatory journals: Evidence from publications by Indonesian social scientists' by Fahlevi et al.	1
Third, we compute the PE score as the Frobenius inner product of the two 3D matrices, normalized by the total number of pixels of the video.	3
The results of breakthrough prediction method using features of citation curves are essentially consistent with the interpretation of domain experts.	5
In this article we examine the coverage by WoS of journals produced in Latin America, Spain, and Portugal.	1
At the general level (last line) we observe that 91% of professors maintain the same status over both five-year periods; 4% improve their performance to the point of becoming TS in the second period, while 5% who were TS in the first period lose this status in the second.	4
A '?' indicates that the test has insufficient information to interpret the result.	0
A total of 132 papers published in 28 journals reporting on RCTs in dentistry on children and adolescents were included in this study.	2
(For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.)	0
All the other authors have no conflicts of interest to disclose.	0
We surveyed the March, June, and December 2018 issues of each journal (when available) to assess the utilization of the co-designations in articles.	2
In almost all cases, however, the primus inter pares is the editor-in-chief: a respected scientist or scholar, assuming, as it were, personal responsibility for the papers published in his or her journal.	0
For these four groups, we used linear regression in SAS statistical software version 9.4 to estimate slopes (defined as the rate of change of number of K awards funded across these 10 years) and tested whether the slopes differed significantly from zero (indicating no change).	3
Rising to the top of the list were: Subject Matter Expertise, Openness to Novel Research Ideas, Impartiality, Being Prepared, ability to Articulate Ideas Clearly, and ability to Put Research Into Context, all of which were endorsed by 94% or more of survey respondents.	4
The total number of outputs, however, covers a five year period, 2006–2010, ranking the institutions by the number of outputs.	2
The United States and its institutions are global leaders in predatory publishing research.	4
Conclusions: The findings indicate that the range of available bibliometric measures should be used collectively to yield a more comprehensive assessment of journal and article rankings rather than the singular use of IF scores that currently and frequently occurs in many jurisdictions.	5
Our empirical study suggests that at an aggregated level, the program benefits Swedish–Chinese scientific collaborations, with regard to publications and research impact.	5
Second, we conducted a productivity and impact comparison between the Colombian scientific elite and Nobel Prize laureates in science and economics by means of a stratified random sample 1990–2020 via the composite citation indicator proposed by loannidis et al.	1
In this study, the influence evaluation and comparison model of Chinese and American OA journals is constructed by using the way of multi-indicators fusion.	3
Our paper provides evidence relevant to both the "double dipping" issue and the proposal to manage portfolios.	1
The dataset consists of articles from the Web of Science Clarivate Analytics database obtained by searching for the keyword “social network*” and those published in the main journals in the field (in total 70,000+ publications).	2
Conclusion: the influence of RSCI size dynamics on the observed Russian scientometric growth is insignificant.	5
Received 19 September 2012; Revised 4 November 2013; Accepted 15 November 2013	0
The majority of responses (18/31, 58%) were for research programmes of funding organisations in the charity sector, with research councils and other government-funded organisations also being represented (13/31, 42%; see also S1 Dataset).	2
This study examined the differences in open access publication patterns between countries with different levels of per capita gross national income.	1
If a large number of South African academics publish papers in predatory journals, then those journals become legitimised locally, leading to other South African academics also publishing in them.	5
Number of articles (Left) and proceedings papers (Right) published in individual years.	0
Under Lakatos' MSRP (1968b, 1970), a research programme has four key components, the: 1) unchanging or irrefutable “hard core”, 2) a “protective belt", 3) the “negative heuristic”, and 4) the “positive heuristic”.	3
Research productivity among SEA countries appeared to be very low in quantity with only 142 MS/ NMOSD articles published since the beginning of indexing of major healthcare databases that were systematically searched in this review.	5
Data on demographic information including gender and academic rank of the epidemiologists were obtained using available records of the Iranian Association of Epidemiologists.	2
More specifically, this paper aims to understand to what extent publications in discipline A have impact on discipline B.	1
What influence does the OACE have on the decision-making of tenured and tenure-track science faculty concerning where to submit a manuscript for publication?	1
The findings suggest that the SDS AGR10 is mainly focusing on six lines of research: ‘Environmental resources and ecosystem services’, ‘Landscape, open spaces and green systems design’, ‘Rural buildings and rural heritage analysis/reuse/enhancement, rural buildings landscape integration, rural buildings design’, ‘Rural landscape planning assessment and management’, ‘Rural landscape survey/analysis/characterization/monitoring’, and ‘Precision farming’.	5
In addition, funding has been a notable driver in the adoption of Open Access policies in universities, with the private universities being those that make the greatest effort regarding the dissemination of their scientific publications.	5
First, a 300-dimensional vector is obtained for each word by GloVe [37].	3
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=wmrs20	0
We find that articles with a focus on local issues tend to have a more balanced composition of highly disparate bodies of knowledge (more balance and disparity) in their references.	5
Countries that are performing much better than the European standard are UK, Sweden and Switzerland, followed by Belgium, Austria, Ireland and Netherlands, this appears if we consider both the unconditional efficiency scores (βα, FDH) and the conditional efficiency scores (Ba, FDHIZ).	4
This online presence investigation was conducted for 10 CCRG researchers who confirmed their participation in this research.	2
Numbers in parentheses are the number of unique editors in each category.	0
This article analyzes how stable and consistent habitus formations among academics turn out to be in the course of institutional changes.	1
Our findings on the key role of Russian diaspora scientists, both at the postdoc and the tenure-track level, suggest that they serve as mediators in many communications between scientists based in the US and Russia.	4
This analysis enables us to discern the contributions of different countries and types of studies, as well as to identify the key journals and articles in the field.	5
A weak association with National Institutes of Health funding was observed (r2 = 0.171) (Table 1).	4
Examining journal accessibility via the Egyptian Knowledge Bank (EKB) reveals that 62.84% of journals are accessible, with Science Direct as the leading provider (28.37%).	4
Having an Academician in an institution is shown to be positively related to the likelihood of same university hires, and meanwhile positively related to higher publication productivity.	4
The “timespan" for the search was 2000-2014; while “all languages" were selected as the language of publication.	3
Analytic survey of peer-reviewed medical journals was carried out.	3
The results using citations that exclude journal self-citations (EJNCs) are not reported here but are available upon request.	0
An overview of some signatory statistics is shown in Figure 1, which illustrates the distribution of signatures by gender, country, discipline and career stage.	2
Due to the insights gained during these pilot interviews, I decided to shift the original research question in the follow-up group sessions to a more open but rather simple question: “How does competitive research funding affect science (in good or bad ways)?"	1
In order to obtain a linear form, log-normal specification is used.	0
Articles published in the 110 nursing journals originating from Mainland China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong between 2005 and 2014 were retrieved from the Web of Science.	2
The current study was a bibliometric investigation of groundwater access and management.	3
Permanent address: No.8 Shuren Street, Zhejiang Shuren University, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310015, China.	0
Outcomes are lacking for OREF resident grant recipients including academic career choice and scholarly productivity.	1
Surprisingly, none of the publications from MA has more than 50 linked references.	4
This is partly due to historical links with the Commonwealth, and is probably reinforced by page charging in the USA.	0
Articles were then accessed on Google Scholar and the Scopus database to find number of citations and SJR/CiteScore.	2
From Equation 5, it follows that the weighted average impact factor at time t can be written as the product	0
The authors further accessed various sources of data and summarized several suggestions for enhancing disciplinary competitiveness for other universities in pursuit of promoting their position in the global spectrum.	1
This paper proposes a new method based on journal editor data for assessing an institution's scholarly impact.	1
By contrast, the new criteria have a broader scope of application, although they are proposed for genius work.	5
A chi-squared test of independence showed an association between institution and inter-institutional collaboration as statistically significant, X2 (5, N = 485) = 16.41, p = .006 (see Table 1).	4
Gender-diverse teams tend to yield a higher impact, but once the percentage of women members reaches a threshold, the citation count declines rapidly thereafter.	5
The analysis simultaneously reveals: (i) for each territory, the fields of research where the productivity is highest or lowest and (ii) for each scientific field, which are the territories with the highest or lowest productivity.	1
The results point to high APCs, nearly twice the current level, being required to preserve the publisher’s profit margin.	4
Additional services and information for Journal of Information Science can be found at:	0
Online content-oriented resources (e.g., Wayback Machine, Wikipedia, YouTube), academic bibliographic databases (e.g., IEEE Xplore, Microsoft Academic, PubMed, CiteSeerX) and technological companies (e.g., IBM, Amazon, Microsoft) are often linked from USPTO patents.	4
The pipeline of generating sub-word representation for each bio-entity extracted from CORD-19 papers using BioBERT is indicated in Fig.S5.	0
Overall, the results of the sensitivity analysis indicate a strong influence of personal barriers over other barriers, which implies that the elimination of personal barriers should weaken the impact of other barriers as well.	5
Their work experiences have changed, ranging from work in industry to work for public research institutes and postdoctoral fellowships.	4
Based on these analyses, possible forms of future research are proposed to advance toward the consolidation of this scientific discipline.	5
We analyze 152 second-generation citations to the most recent 35 direct citations (2010–2019) that do not mention the retraction but do mention methods or results of the case paper, finding 23 possible diffusions of misinformation from these non-direct citations to the case paper.	3
A qualitative document analysis was performed to study two related phenomena: the assessment of scholarly book publishers and the methodologies and practices used to determine prestigious publishers.	3
We explore whether audiences pay less attention to preprints authored by scientists based in China, which could be the case if readers have unfavorable attitudes towards Chinese science, or if Chinese articles are less actively promoted online, for reasons unrelated to quality.	1
However, the fates of rejected manuscripts remain unknown.	4
The stability of the median estimate was assessed by computing the average and standard deviation of the medians obtained via 1000 bootstrap resampling of small subsets of 1000 manuscripts from the original dataset, yielding 199±5 days.	3
ANOVA was used to compare the variation in mean h-index scores across researchers for Scopus, WOS, and Google Scholar and an F statistic and p value are reported.	3
A training cohort was used to build the predictive model and a test cohort exclusively served to externally validate the model and evaluate the review process.	2
This national study follows a recently published case study of Japan, and surveys the use of RG by more than 500 researchers across the country.	1
La Universidad de Granada fue de las cinco primeras clasificadas en Shanghai la que presentó valores inferiores de desempe?o en un mayor número de Ramas de Ense?anza: Artes y Humanidades, Ciencias, Ingeniería y Arquitectura y Ciencias Sociales y Jurídicas (negocios).	4
However, it this paper we use an exact approach based on maximizing (2).	0
On the other hand, many of the most highly cited papers at the time of the IF calculation are lowly cited 5 years afterward.	4
In response to RQ5, at least 30% of the scientific production of most countries involves international collaboration and the favourite collaborating country is the USA.	5
Of the 65 open-access journals listed on the DOAJ using the above search term, 20 fulfilled the above inclusion criteria and are shown in Table 1.	2
We conclude that utilizing only traditional bibliometric databases for mapping computer science research activity in sub-Saharan Africa provides an incomplete picture of the research happening in this region.	5
The number of papers belonging to a specific research topic and the size of each research topic are written next to its respective topic.	0
All Polish academics spend much more time on teaching and much less time on research.	5
The potential effects of the international mobilization on their scientific productivity as well as their scientific collaborations and their contributions to diffusion and impact on science are investigated using the synthetic control method of Abadie & Hainmueller (2010).	3
The authors see the quality of their paper, q, and decide whether to submit their paper to the top journal or not.	3
(The acceptance figures reflect articles as “Comments” and “Replies” also, since these too consume Journal space.)	0
To find an answer, the following objectives are posed:	1
To find the overlap across the fields, a well known Jaccard (1901) similarity measure was used, which may be computed as shown in Eq.	3
The success rate for female authors to progress through each of these publishing stages is lower than that for male authors.	4
2016a, b, 2017a) we primarily apply logistic regressions on binary dependent variables but here we also apply ordered logistic regression on binned review scores (Hosmer and Lemeshow 1989; Hilbe 2009; King 2008; Osborne 2008; Pedhazur 1997; Field et al.	3
A total of 52 publishers were identified, of which 4 publishers account for 59.6% of outputs (388/651).	4
Corresponding author: Muhammad Fazal Hussain Qureshi, MBBS, Doctor, Medical College, Ziauddin University, Shahra E Ghalib, Block 6 Clifton, Karachi 75000, Sindh, Pakistan.	0
The majority of the 100 articles were research articles (67%) and published from 1996 to 2000 (30%).	4
We employed the Spearman correlation coefficient to measure the correlation.	3
This paper uses a sample of articles published in the period 1999-2013 by economists affiliated to Portuguese institutions to examine the impact of co-authorship on the quality of academic research.	1
Based on their credibility, we further distributed journals into three zones (i.e., red, yellow, and green).	3
Indeed, in test 4 presented in Online Appendix Table 3, we employ a difference-in-difference specification under which early career scientists from different universities, advisor, and graduation-year enter the analysis either in the treatment or the control group.	3
Note: Two of the ten included journals (Annual Review of Medicine and Medicine) do not publish letters in response to their published material.	0
The numbers enclosed by the square brackets are the SPC values.	0
Studies with higher levels of evidence were more likely to be published in established orthodontic journals.	5
The study also examines the aspects like percentage of self-citations in each individual subject discipline and the average number of self-citations per publication across different subject disciplines.	1
Additionally, to get a better understanding of which altmetrics can be regarded as indicators for genuine, positive scientific impact, we also aim to answer the following question: RQ2: Which actions related to altmetrics are reliably used to express positive sentiments towards their targets?	1
The second method uses geometric means directly for each country, without any modelling.	3
Using this list, as well as research team contacts and recommendations from interviewees, we then conducted a snowball sample.	3
This study has shown that, even with OA flourishing in Kenya and around Africa, actors have diverse perspectives about its impact on knowledge production and consumption.	5
Is there any gender disparity among neurosurgery scientists with regard to their citation visibility of their scientific papers?	1
The analysis demonstrates a strong association between levels of productivity and institutional type.	4
The Web of Science Journal Citation Reports was used to determine the number of available journals designated to a specialty for each year in March 2017.	2
These concerns raise the broader matter of the merit of using formal economic models to inform higher education policy.	1
The 9 terms in the upper left quadrant (Q2) could be novel technologies that have not yet sufficiently infiltrated information science, e.g., machine learning, social networks, full text, social media, and behavior science.	4
Articles were assigned to 11 orthopaedic categories and by country, type and specialty of the institution.	3
We use a measure that was previously designed22 to identify destabilization and consolidation in patented inventions; this measure varies between –1 and 1, which corresponds to science and technology that develops or disrupts, respectively (Fig.	3
The study population consisted of applicant faculty who received plagiarism detection reports for promotion issued by the DLU in 2018.	2
To inform this inquiry, this paper investigates the following research questions: What research outputs do ECRs produce for academic and non-academic end users?	1
In this paper, we propose a procedure of space transformations using matrix multiplications that totalize the input and output and allow productivity measures to be defined in terms of these totalized distance measures.	1
DI? is more focused on basic scientometric papers which focus on bibliometric performance measures or state-of-the-art scientometrics.	4
Among retractions from JCR journals, the practice was the reason in six notices, and for the sixteen retractions in non-JCR journals, twelve were attributed to “plagiarism”.	4
We propose a way to renormalize citation metrics to remove the incentive to pursue research quantity via anomalously high publication and/or new co-authorship rates rather than aiming for quality and potentially path-breaking advances.	1
Overall, among CT surgery trainees who go on to become academic faculty at United States CT surgery training institutions, the proportion that published BSR as the lead author during training has decreased significantly in the past two decades.	5
While the AM’s critique of ‘traditional filters’ follows a motif of confinedness, the valuation of Altmetrics follows a motif of expansion.	4
We used the Years of Life Lost and DALYs provided by WHO in 2017 as a proxy of the burden of disease [35].	2
Specifically, from these 15 disciplines, we collected a total of 787,320 papers from CSSCI and 122,271 papers from WoS, where Chinese scholars were listed as the first authors as indicated in Table 2.	2
The strongest associations appear to relate to the number of PUBMED publications and/or abstracts presented at meetings.	5
Notes: NoE, the number of e-prints; The full counting method is adopted in data statistics.	0
We tested the correlation between IF and total score and the difference between scores in separate question groups.	3
That being said, the goal of the present study is to analyse the collaboration between the Spanish researchers abroad dedicated to health sciences and the Spanish scientific institutions as good practice in order to make use of their knowledge and to increase the possibilities of them returning to their home country.	1
We investigate whether the huge efforts of computing the NI are justified and whether the size-dependent NI indicators should be complemented by size-independent variants.	1
The following journals-Science & Technology Libraries, Issues in Science & Technology Librarianship, Journal of eScience Librarianship, Journal of Hospital Librarianship, Journal of the Medical Library Association, Medical Reference Services Quarterly, and Health Information and Libraries Journal -were studied by using bibliometric techniques for the five years from 2011 through 2015.	3
The extracted core documents are clustered by k-means clustering—which is popular for cluster analysis in data mining—to identify the research frontiers (RFs) that are the leading research themes in the technology area.	3
Using VOSviewer software, the structural maps of the IJIMAI publications are analysed according to techniques such as bibliographic coupling, co-citations and co-occurrence of keywords.	3
In this study, we have considered the Core collection databases (Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) and Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI)).	2
We implemented a free, public extension to PubMed that allows any user to visualize and analyze the entire citation cloud around any paper of interest A: the set of articles cited by A, those which cite A, those which are co-cited with A, and those which are bibliographically coupled to A.	3
Third, the improvements of economic theory and quantitative analytic techniques, the supports from research funding, and an increase in the collaboration between Chinese scholars and those from other countries have made great contribution to the rapid development of Chinese agricultural economics research over the past decade.	4
The interviews were fully transcribed and analyzed thematically in a qualitative fashion, allowing the researchers to create three types of codes: theory-driven, data-driven, and by-products of an interview protocol (structural codes).	3
It focuses on two related issues: (a) what are Chinese ECRs' scholarly communication attitudes and behaviors in a national research assessment policy changing environment, and (b) how they perceive changes in the light of the emergence of new forms of scholarly communication, such as open science (e.g.	1
Our goals are: (i) to determine whether the most developed nations tend to maximally diversify their research system—as for industrial production—or instead to specialize in a few scientific domains where their competitiveness is sufficiently high; (ii) to detect the scientific sectors that are the best marker of the global scientific development and competitiveness of a nation.	1
First, in the QS and THE rankings, awards considerably change the rankings of many of the top universities, both those with large numbers of highly prestigious international academic awards and those with few or no awards.	4
A wide variety of indicators and network tools are chosen to follow up the evolution and to visualise and to quantify collaboration and performance profiles of individual researchers.	3
To assess whether self-citations contributed to the (greater) impact of collaborative research, two types of field-normalized citation impact were compiled, one including self-citations and the other excluding self-citations.	3
Seventeen of the students were international, and thirteen were domestic students.	2
2, 3 and 4, in these two cases, grouped according to the size of NoJP, NoJPmfCA, and the number of ranks for better visibility; thus in Fig.	3
A total of 12 original articles published in the year 2018 were randomly selected from each journal based on the number of issues.	2
Five other journals (JMB, ZDM, JMTE, MTL, and FLM) compose a strong core of High Quality journals.	5
Note: Int OA/non-OA = intention to publish Open Access/non-OA; ns = not significant.	0
In order to understand the success of the publisher's approach, we carried out a detailed analysis of two serials published by Academic Journals, and spoke to editors, reviewers and authors, before communicating with the company's founder.	3
The study corpus consists of research articles written by university professors within social sciences and humanities at public sector universities in Pakistan (see Table 2).	2
Copyright of Information Services & Use is the property of IOS Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
A pool of 16 (N=16) L-Schools, or LIS schools in the US and Canada that meet the following selection criteria were identified: (a) presence of full or conditional ALA accreditation; (b) presence of a PhD program; and (c) absence of direct affiliation with the iCaucus.	2
Further analyses (see Table 2) showed that scientists who take part in evaluation panels were less skeptical about the functionality of peer review processes.	4
The primary goal of this note is to disentangle the relative importance of the two mechanisms put forth by Lissoni et al.	1
Nho, MD, MS, Department of Orthopaedics, Rush University Medical Center, 1611 West Harrison St, Suite 300, Chicago, IL 60612, USA (email: shane.nho@rushortho.com, nho.research@rushortho.com).	0
This paper has addressed the need to gain better understanding of how simple citation metrics are related to the h-index, or rather, to a “good” proxy representation of the h index.	1
There was a significant correlation between employees and published manuscripts (Spearman’s correlation, p = 0.000).	4
To measure an article's level of topic focus, we utilized a standard Herfindahl index (Hirschmann, 1964).	3
There was a statistically significant decrease in the median number of citations between the preretraction and equivalent postretrac- tion periods (p<0.05); thereafter, citations registered an increase, though this was not significant (p=0.06).	4
The present study has several limitations related to the data and methodology.	0
We used VOS Viewer1 to generate a global map of science based on the 143 disciplines (subclasses) of the NSF classification.	3
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11948-017-9886-2) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
'Growth' and 'productivity' have upward trends and all other four macro-based keywords have downward trends.	4
I apologize for this error, which was likely related to a transcription error in journal abbreviations and unique listing of journals by databases.	0
Paige McDonald, Ozgur Eckmecki, Ellen Costello, and Ken Harwood for their assistance in the preparation of the manuscript.	0
The most citing subject is “library and information sciences” (41.9 %), followed by “computers”(23.5 %) with sub-subjects of information science and information theory (15.8%), artificial intelligence (2.4%), Internet (2.2%), computer systems, cybernetics and software.	4
Third, the parametric approach is methodologically grounded in standard estimation practices found in regression analysis and other forms of maximum likelihood estimation; see, for example, Greene (1997).	5
We aimed to explore of the obstacles limiting adoption and their possible solutions to inform the development of a robust and innovative rural POCUS program in Saskatchewan.	1
In this article, I outline a career perspective that highlights women's disadvantages in career progression as the root causes for the gender citation gap.	1
Spearman rank correlations were computed to assess associations between the bibliometric measures (h-index, total number of publications, total number of citations, maximum number of citations for a single work) and academic rank, given the lack of confirmed normality within the dataset.	3
In this case, close examination of the policy context leaves one more inclined to accept Butler's posited date for the likely effect to begin to appear (i.e.	5
Authors are employees of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute.	0
To do so, this research uses the Web of Science Core Collection and Scopus databases, and analyzes a wide range of bibliometric indicators, including the total number of publications and citations, citations per paper, the h-index, m-value and citation thresholds, and also develops a graphical analysis of the bibliographical material using the visualization of similarities (VOS) viewer software.	2
The current alternative one point per article, regardless of size - is not a very good one.	0
1 shows the development in total Danish public R&D expenditures throughout the period from 1967 to 2011 in fixed prices in Danish Kroner (DKK, 1 DKK equals 0.13 Euro).	4
In this paper, we examine the determinants of mobility of elite academics within the life sciences, including individual productivity measures and for the first time, measures of the peer environment and family factors.	1
Doctoral supervisor, by introducing doctoral candidates to academia with his or her own academic contacts and influence, could help the doctoral candidates to get to know academic elites, thus accelerating the academic socialization process of the doctoral candidates.	5
USA, Germany, UK, France, and Canada are the most frequently collaborating western nations, and papers published in collaboration with US authors accrue the most citations.	4
Shifts in the affiliation countries of publishing and citing authors are characterized in terms of countries' income class and geographical world region.	4
Using a sample of 286 evidence syntheses containing 324 citations to retracted publications in the field of pharmacy, we used AMSTAR-2 to assess methodological quality.	2
The R2 values of our GLMs increased as a function of the number of years since publication, from 0.12 after 1 year, to 0.19 after 2 years, and to 0.57 after 5 years.	4
In particular, do international ties enhance the value of research?	1
The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and approving it for publication was Zhan Bu	0
The manuscript was written following the Strengthening the Reporting of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (STROBE) reporting guideline for cross-sectional studies.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ccph20	0
In general, the different measures of author centrality had statistically significant positive correlations with the number of publications and total citation credits.	4
The second goal is to explore the global collaboration mode in the context of major public health emergencies by analysing scientific research collaboration based on relevant literature.	1
Degenerative spine disease was the most common subspecialty topic (22).	4
Colleges of Pharmacy was defined as having a Basic Car- negie Classification of R1 (very high), R2 (high) or special focus with at least $2 million in National Institutes of Health (NIH) in 2018.	2
Authors common references with collaborators with respect to the authors' impact classes.	0
Does an author's average citation rate per previous publication have a significant predictive power for the target paper's future citation count?	1
Although we have only showed two patterns of emergence in this study, it is very possible that there are many additional patterns.	5
Figures 3 and 4 show the journals published in English and Spanish preferred by Spanish interventional radiologists for publishing their papers.	0
We find that solely because of an alphabetically disadvantageous surname, which is uncorrelated with individual characteristics, those with later surname initials are more likely to return to China after earning PhDs in the US and are less likely to work at (top) US universities.	5
The proposed method provides a quantitative way to identify translational science.	5
Data on professors and their SDS classification are extracted from the database on Italian university personnel, maintained by the Ministry for Universities and Research.	2
The experimental results show that there is higher similarity between citation trend of authors that belong to the same FoS as compared to different FoS and also resembles more to the overall citation trend of that particular FoS.	4
Finally, there are implications regarding the design and organization of research evaluation.	5
She points out, "Although I know that I'm privileged, I am	0
The key areas of interest were basic sciences (genetics of childhood glaucoma) and surgical management.	4
The program selected a cohort of 15 fellows each year for 8 years (2011–2018), totaling 120 fellows.	2
(4) How do these research topics change during the life cycle of the TGP?	1
In order to learn more about these less visible, student-selected, and non-indexed online publications, the study compared a small number of them with an equal number of their indexed counterparts.	1
Finally, the research topics were visualized using linear discriminant analysis.	3
The cumulative distribution of citations is clearly linear with the tail of the distribution again being rather linear and extensive.	4
Equivalent or similar indicators have been suggested: citation-paper ratio /23,3/, citation ratio /24,25/, citation per article index /8/, cross-, within- and outside-of-country citation /3,8/, cit.	0
The academic networking project sought to examine in detail the structure of academics' ego-networks on two contrasting social media platforms which they use in relation to their professional work, and to understand the significance of those structures through interviews with participants.	1
Neurological scientific productivity of 168 countries, from 1996 to 2019, was obtained using the SCImago online website.	2
We found that gray points can be fitted well by a linear function with a negative slope, ?0.0014 (pvalue < 1e?3), which means that excessive rewards also discourage scientists from exploring new topics.	4
We analyzed terms repeated at least 10 times, and the network map was created with 28 terms that meet this criterion.	3
The main component (i.e., largest component), which was visualised in black in Fig.	4
Resistance was specifically against REF2014-driven impact (associated with pressure), while having an impact through research was a desirable goal, rather than a box to tick.	4
Utilizing Spearman rank partial correlations controlling for length of service as the EiC, significant moderate correlations were found between the number of commentaries and the number of first-author commentaries by the EiC and the IF of their journal (r=0.568, p=0.001 and r=0.504, p=0.005; respectively).	4
The value of N is not fixed, being flexibly determined by the annotator when reading the cited sentences.	0
Here we perform a science mapping analysis to investigate patterns, trends, and the historical of floristic and phytosociological research in plant communities in the Brazilian Cerrado.	1
No use, distribution or reproduction is permitted which does not comply with these terms.	0
In this mechanism, a toolbox consisting of 30 criteria and several sub-criteria was identified and grouped into four categories: (1) basic criteria, (2) essential criteria, (3) subsidiary criteria and (4) publisher criteria.	3
RI Country Report Cards have an element of continual mutual learning exercise, designed to serve for sharing knowledge and experiences between stakeholders with more or less RI and RE experience, and can be used as an inspiration or motivation to those who work on the RI and RE promotion and implementation.	5
This research uses two datasets from an earlier research (Maleki, 2021).	2
The authors wish to thank Daniel Sastre and Mafalda Burri for their help in extracting data on impact factors and on the number of citations.	0
Of Center outputs, 35.3 per cent involve interdisciplinary collaboration, 17.2 per cent involve inter-institutional collaboration and 11.6 per cent involve both.	4
The percentages of readings from these sources are shown in Figure 11.	0
We also found that both companies mostly organized conferences in cities that were top tourist destinations.	4
In this article, we compare four specific policy instruments in four countries, namely the Research Excellence Framework (REF) in the UK, the German Excellence Initiative, CoE funded by the Danish National Research Foundation (DNRF), and the Swiss National Centres of Competence in Research (NCCR).	2
Acknowledgements The bibliometric data used in this paper are from an in-house database developed and maintained by the Competence Center for Bibliometrics (CCB) and derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) prepared by Clarivate Analytics (Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA).	0
Scientific collaboration has achieved major importance over the last decades, becoming a strategic issue for planning and evaluating national and institutional scientific policies.	5
The study analyzes the factors influencing their research behavior and delves into the reasons behind the occurrence of academic misconduct.	1
We use deep learning models to extract algorithm entities from articles and construct the whole, cumulative and annual co-occurrence networks.	3
Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of The Review of Economic Studies Limited.	0
The paper outlines how professionalization has developed locally over time, and the historical tension between the National Council for Scientific and Technical Research and the public universities.	1
Overall, the international network had a core-periphery structure with a few countries accounting for the majority of links in the network.	5
The HERD ranking measures research and development expenditures at higher education institutions in the United States.	0
Findings show a clear correlation between a policy and an indication of where to find the data used to produce the article.	4
It largely focuses on the period of 2017-2022.	1
The data set contains publications of all journals indexed in the 2011 version of the Journal Citation Report in the Information Science & Library Science subject category.	2
The sample of authors was extracted from the database Scholar Mirrors, a web application that compiles an exhaustive list of authors that have published either primarily (specialists) or sporadically in the field of Bibliometrics, and related disciplines (Informetrics, Scientometrics, Altmetrics, Webometrics).	2
The current paper investigates the representation and use of ORM best practice articles in the litera- ture by reviewing articles that cite them.	1
A quantitative analysis of the longitudinal research output development in the humanities and social sciences at the University of Vienna examined a six-year period (2007-12).	1
This “backbone” reveals three clusters—which we confirm in the full network with the Leiden Algorithm (45) (see Methods)—which we call Natural, Physical, and Societal clusters (see Figure 2a).	4
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tsim20	0
m-quotient and hc-index increased with academic rank, with an m-quotient >1 achieved by 69% of chairmen and 48% of professors.	4
To create a list of the most prestigious international academic awards, we relied on three methods.	3
Instead, the themes that became influential are valuation (9.5%), social aspects of environmental issues, including behavioral and institutional dimensions (7.9%), and the exploration of the relationships between the economy and the environment (7.3%).	4
For books, this study searches the citations in the local online catalog.	3
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 210680 []	0
For example, the mean of the differences between the universities in terms of MNCS is 0.34 (in 2012–2015).	4
We also situate metrics at the core of the capitalist logic, drawing on Gilles Deleuze's work on control.	3
Additionally, a topic model is developed to tentatively assess whether co-authorship is driven by research interests, organisational or disciplinary affiliation.	3
Spearman correlation tests were carried out for each metric to find the correlation between citation counts and the altmetric mentions of the article.	3
To help identify a breakthrough we looked at the evolution of the multidisciplinarity of the citing publications, where multidisciplinary is defined as the number of different Subject Categories represented within the citing documents.	3
This paper, based on interviews with scientists, engineers, entrepreneurs, and venture capitalists in Shanghai, Suzhou, and Beijing, examines the strengths and weaknesses of China's push for indigenous innovation.	1
F.N.: Conceptualisation; methodology; data collection; sample analysis; data analysis; validation; data curation; writing the initial draft; writing - revisions; project leadership; project management; funding acquisition.	0
Received 12 July 2019; Received in revised form 27 September 2019; Accepted 7 October 2019	0
Comparative analysis showed that Romanian students start research earlier, attend more medical conferences, present posters, collect data for studies, and are more interested in publishing graduation thesis data in scientific journals.	4
Our case study shows that research strengths of a University can successfully be assessed using only esteem-based indicators (Approach 1).	5
1 except that all distributions have a scale parameter of 2	0
An author has an index hmen if hmen of its Np publications have at least hmen Mendeley readers each and the other (Np–hmen) publications have ≤ hmen Mendeley readers each.	3
Meteorology Atmospheric Sciences and Geology were the most dominant categories.	4
The main research question was: How do academics employed in a peripheral country deal with the lack of access to contemporary scholarly literature?	1
There is no consensus on the ranking of importance for originality among other factors since for many interviewees originality is an essential but not a sufficient criterion for publication.	4
Journal outlet was used as a proxy for journal impact, such that NCA and ICA journals were categorized as “higher impact” outlets and regional journals were categorized as “lower impact" outlets.	3
Importantly, I employ state-of-the-art analysis and visualization techniques from natural language processing (NLP) to understand the topics in retracted literature.	3
In other words, we consider metrics such that adding new authors to a group does not decrease the relevance of the group.	0
We found that the greatest hindrance in the bibliometric approach lies in the inherent limitations of journals-assignment-based classification systems and the considerable time and efforts for more accurate researcher-based publication analyses.	5
We collected all research articles in a single issue of the Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology (JASIST) 2016, Volume 67 Issue 1, and coded all in-text citations as to their function based on the context in which they appear.	2
Taken together, these findings help discipline models of technological collaboration and, from a managerial perspective, suggest that the returns to team-building are high.	5
By using the heuristic framework on coordination we can compare the cases systematically.	3
The study provides an overview of total time required for peer review, acceptance, and publication in indexed anesthesiology journals.	5
This study elaborates on how boundary crossing activities induce knowledge exchanges and diffusion and thus facilitate interdisciplinarity.	5
The WoS-based h-index for the first and second author is 8 and 9, respectively.	4
However, from the library home pages of respective universities, we observed that the practice of bibliometrics and research data management services is in its infancy.	4
As predicted, when composite index scores were statistically controlled, researchers in physical and mathematical sciences were more likely to achieve fellow status than biological scientists, who were much more likely to achieve it than psychological, cognitive, and social scientists.	4
The 102 articles of the corpus were published between 2005 and 2010 (86% are between 2007 and 2009) by 58 different authors.	2
Table values indicate the percent of papers with errata (N = 557) having at least one erratum of a given type and severity.	0
As a standalone research piece, it will generate context-based information from journal editors' perspectives that will help to provide insight into the communication patterns within biomedical journals, including differences and similarities across biomedical journals.	5
On the whole, there are 1,999,199 WoS papers (accounting for 32.1%) with at least one scholarly tweet received, totally generating 7,037,233 unique original scholarly tweets.	2
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
The top 20 authors accounted for 7.5% of the total Eigenfactor score for all authors.	4
In response, this paper reports a longitudinal weekly study of the Mendeley readers of articles in 6 library and information science journals from 2016.	1
Resident demographics, PhD degrees, training tracks, and postgraduation plans were collected to determine factors associated with publication rate using multivariable regression analysis.	3
Respondents to the questionnaire in a specific subject/field were the awardees who had won awards included in this questionnaire.	2
Coauthorship incidence rates are multifactorial and vary with factors associated with both complexity and competition.	5
During the 2003–2006 period, only papers in closed access journals demonstrated sufficient effect of collective intelligence and reference on open innovation and the effective moderating role of reference.	4
This trend persists independent of the journal of publication, country of publication, publication type and language of publication.	5
In general, scientific research in China has developed rapidly in recent years, and different regions vary greatly not only in research achievement but also in research preference.	5
The 100 articles with the highest local citation scores were published from 1983 to 2013 in 9 countries, mainly in the United States.	4
This study is based on papers assigned to the Web of Science (WoS, Clarivate) subject category "Immunology” that were published between 1980 and 2021.	2
I then contacted all the editors of this group of law journals with publicly available e-mail addresses, asking them to comment on their attitude towards WoS.	3
The ultimate goal has been to perform a data processing in order to detect the degree of inclination of international authors to publish their works in Spanish journals in the years covered by this study.	1
For each researcher, six indicators which are obtained conveniently (total citations, h-index, citations per publication, publication counts, scientific age, and academic rank) were recorded, starting in August 2016, and ending in September 2016.	2
This work focuses on the second factor based on classifying the researchers previous research activity on an automated logical classification (accepted, rejected) resolving conflicts of interests between administration and applicants and helping in the decision-making process.	1
Tunisia, Lebanon, Turkey, Algeria and Egypt have higher shares of women researchers compared to the rest of MENA countries.	4
Our analysis shows that it is possible, in principle, to gather rich data from existing systems that can help answer these questions.	5
This resulted in a set of scholars with significantly better future A-journal paper counts, citation counts, and h-indexes than the scholars actually selected by tenure committees.	4
It was found that most publications come from North America, especially the United States.	5
The significance of indirect effects was tested through the Sobel test.	3
Van den Besselaar and Sandstr?m (2018) criticize the choice of using full counts instead of fractional counts since those who collaborate more tend to have higher publication counts.	2
The local and specific nature of organizational climates in VA research services, as reflected in variability across sub-groups within individual facilities, has important policy implications.	5
In addition to the results of usage studies conducted by the ASFA Secretariat in collaboration with researchers at Dalhousie University, this paper reports on how those results are guiding improvements to the accessibility and usefulness of this large global database, particularly with regard to grey literature, for a diversity of ocean and coastal management researchers, managers and other practitioners, and decision makers, while also ensuring its financial sustainability.	1
For this family of models, we use three different techniques: topic modelling (Blei et al.	3
Our framework has three major components: (i) node construction with feature representations, (ii) graph construction using balanced neighbor sampling, and (iii) GNN training using balanced training batches leveraging a custom loss function with multiple components.	3
The Chi-square test was used for categorical variable analysis.	3
What is the level of correlation between the subjective and objective journal rankings?	1
Third, across scientific disciplines, what are the cohort differences in negative collaboration experiences?	1
Delayed open access (OA) refers to scholarly articles in subscription journals made available openly on the web directly through the publisher at the expiry of a set embargo period.	1
3) Considering that the bibliometric model is being applied to decisions relating to academic openings, would the model perform better in a situation where research performance alone was considered?	1
To do this, we construct a deep model which consists of an encoder and a classifier.	3
This results in 1346 papers for final analysis.	2
From the processed profiles, 372 scientists were automatically selected, who changed their affiliation.	2
Overall, the median (interquartile range) mRCR score was 1.56 (1.05-2.12) and the median wRCR score was 27.6 (6.97-88.44).	4
Respondents primarily published within Ghana (n=49), but also published internationally quite frequently (see Table 4).	4
In low-income countries, increasing GDP causes much larger shadow library use than in high-income countries.	4
We retrieved from Scopus database a total of 607,454 Brazilian documents for all 443 Brazilian institutions with at least 100 documents published from 2003 to 2015.	2
The sections below include a brief introduction of OA citation studies followed by a discussion about the possible impact of multiple OA availability on citation rate and a presentation of the results of our statistical analysis.	0
This article also demonstrates that importance given to similar quantitative factors by reviewers is distinctively different across UoAs.	5
The analysis indicates that the publication delay varied from one discipline to another and from one journal to another journal.	4
To check whether the on-target and spillover publication sets were substantively different, and to provide a sense of the extent of any differences, we calculated Salton's cosine similarity between the on-target and spillover publication sets for each disease (Salton, 1989; Yaqub et al., 2023).	3
This is a new version of a paper presented at the Third International Conference on Informetrics in Bangalore (India), August 9-12, 1991.	0
Using natural language processing (NLP) techniques to explore the acknowledgement texts of a broad corpus of published papers from three small open economies, we examine the effects of star help revealed by the acknowledgement texts published in articles.	1
The proposed Author Contribution Index (ACI) is based on contribution percentages provided by the authors, preferably at the time of submission.	3
Tentatively, and without trying to claim generalizability, our findings suggest there is not yet a deep level of familiarity with international reform movements for responsible metrics and assessment in the United States.	5
We examine the extent to which different types of substantive project contributions as well as social factors predict whether a scientist is named as author on a paper and inventor on a patent resulting from the same project.	1
The data for institutional quality are provided by Freedom House.	2
Thus, the increase in growth rate W due to side information is the mutual information between side information and selection process as follows: ΔW = W*(X|Y) – W*(X) = H(X) – H(X|Y) = I(X; Y).	4
The results indicate that a significant increase in IUSS in the B&R region led to a 24 GtCO2 rise in ECE between 1992 and 2020, with 2005 marking a turning point for accelerated growth.	4
In this review we use the visualization of similarities (VOS) software (Van Eck and Waltman, 2010) to prepare network visualization of bibliographic coupling (Kessler, 1963) of institutions and countries, co-citation (Small, 1973) of authors & journals, and co-occurrence of keywords used by the authors in the papers published in CCE.	3
The literature on HTML metadata for enhancing journal content discovery does not provide a clear blueprint for all publishers to follow, nor are there necessarily enforceable standards for journal creators to adhere to.	4
Therefore, it is not surprising that the University of Baghdad gets the highest	0
An analysis of the impact of the CERN articles on measures such as CPP and P-indicators revealed that in our sample dataset, 264 of 5661 CERN publications were classified as 'highly cited' by the Web of Science database.	3
To meet this purpose, a self-reported survey was developed.	2
When indicated, comparisons were made using a 1-way ANOVA using either Dunnett's multiple comparison test to compare multiple groups to a single group or Tukey's multiple comparisons test to compare all data points to each other (GraphPad Prism 7).	3
Overall, 1,695 articles were published, which received an average of 13 citations per article.	4
Some objections may be raised by the results of our analysis.	0
We identified all abstracts presented at the CCC between 2006 and 2010, using the annual CCC abstract supplement of the Canadian Journal of Cardiology.	2
In order to keep the model as simple as possible we assume that the effort-cost function c(e) can be defined as (Bubb et al.	3
And what usage preference do researchers have when they search articles on Web of Science?	1
To capture the semantics of development discourses and international research collaboration policies, we created and analyzed a corpus of policy papers and two sets of expert interview data.	2
SCR standard competition ranking, SJR SCImago Journal Rank, NA not available, IF impact factor	0
Propose ways to discover specialties of a discipline based on author citation networks.	1
We compare this full model to two null models, where agents cite only substantively, i.e., according to qij.	3
(3) Moderately innovative work can acquire more academic impact with respect to low-innovative and high-innovation work	4
Despite this, it is still important for authors, editors, readers and publishers and it has survived criticism for about 40 years.	5
In this paper we examine the scientific publications in physics originating from somewhat extended Balkan area.	1
The ranking metric is modeled as following: Rank(HEI) = w1AQ + w2RP + w3AS + w4IF	3
The RPYS method provides an (objective and quantitative) answer to questions concerning seminal papers and historical roots and is based on Galton's [73] principle ‘wisdom of the crowd' [74].	5
RQ1: Do individuals who work as part of teams experience individual-level career impacts?	1
Thus, this paper uses principal component analysis as a factor extraction method, and the communalities extracted by each indicator are between 0.963 and 0.995, with high values and little information loss.	3
The thirteen clusters were formed by 12,303, 9,115, 7,407, 6,746, 5,680, 4,763, 4,696, 3507, 2,861, 2,768, 2,597, 2,053, and 1,662 inter-citations.	4
Therefore, we evaluate the performance by mean publication per year (PPY) (by dividing the number of publications by career age) and success by mean citation per publication (CPP) (by dividing the sum of citations by number of publications).	3
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License.	0
Finding uncited topics and partially uncited topics by keyword analysis.	3
A bibliometric analysis, which uses citation analyses to evaluate the impact of articles, can be used to identify the most impactful papers in the Journal's history.	1
Dataset 3 was obtained from Liu et al.	2
This work was supported by the Research Support Fund of Wilfrid Laurier University and Alberta Health Innovates.	0
The purpose of this research is to understand the landscape of the foundational and structural basis of FEL factors and their trend.	1
In particular, the present study revealed that 50% of research focused on drugs in the same therapeutic group in the early stage of autism research (prior to mid-2000s).	4
The 100 top cited articles appearing in radiologic journals per 5-year interval.	0
The sample that we used for our research was acquired from Scopus, the largest multidisciplinary bibliographical abstract and citation search database [89].	2
In total, we collected 34,727 MI articles from 1990 to 2016.	2
Then, to capture the lifecycle of these communities, we used the Group Evolution Discovery (GED) method (Bródka et al., 2012) that captures different events associated with communities extracted from a dynamic network.	3
The results showed that the model included Cosine and Lucene similarity metrics in text-based metrics.	4
The first dataset, originally extracted and used in Abbasi et al.	2
The definition of each category, the collection process and final coverage are different according to each provider.	0
Our results showed that the University of Belgrade does not have a single paper in the first percentile group (meaning that no papers were classified in the Top 0.01% of papers in a particular research field), only four papers fell into group two, while 26 papers are in percentile group three.	4
Under "others” there were six citations in technical reports, 5 in books and book chapters, one from an inaugural lecture, and two other academic documents that were uploaded on the institutional repositories whose status could not be determined.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
In disciplines like philosophy, politics, economics and management science, classic foreign works have a deep influence on the corresponding research in China.	4
We measure citations by analyzing the citation counts each paper accumulates over the first five years after publication, which is a customary proxy in the literature [29, 47, 50].	3
It is shown that the Nobel number distributions for physics of several researchers both within and outside of physics are surprisingly flat over the five-decade span from 1951 to 2000.	4
The research leading to these results has received funding from the European Research Council under the European Community’s Seventh Framework Programme (FP7/2007–2013) Grant Agreement no.	0
We merely seek to demonstrate the necessity and one approach to integrate different dissimilarity measures together in measure scientific evolution.	5
Only six out of forty-nine studies were funded by various government institutions and non-governmental organizations.	4
For time series in the context of h-indices we refer to (Egghe, 2010).	0
In the collaboration network, each node is an institution, and links with weights indicate the collaboration strength between the two institutions, i.e., the number of cases with both of the institutions appearing within the same paper.	3
The proximity framework provides a theoretical explanation of the empirical observation that the probability of citation between two articles goes up with physical proximity (Frenken, Hardeman, & Hoekman, 2009).	4
The authors thank Johan Hoek for writing the computer programs used for the scientometric analysis in this study; the project is part of the program by R.	0
Such system could be either built from scratch, or based on the existing anti-plagiarism software.	3
Before conducting the regression analyses, Pearson correlation analysis and variance inflation factors (VIF) were applied to ensure that the independent variables were not multi-collinear while being significantly correlated with the dependent ones.	3
Psychiatry Resident and Program Director Per- ceptions of Neuroscience and Research Activity	0
The six dimensions of intra- and interpersonal factors mentioned are not an exhaustive list of possible success factors for RCs.	0
Despite contextual differences, our study has confirmed that radio studies are a minority field, even in areas of high impact such as new technologies.	4
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=core20	0
Third, the wider scholarship and societal impact associated with tax-funded research activities is declining as output-oriented researchers rationally reorient their behaviors to the production of papers.	4
In this measure, we only consider articles from top 5 journals listed by Scott and Mitias (1996).	3
We combined these features to form a burden of proof, which is used to decide when a preprint-publication pair should be reported.	3
To ensure consistent classification of projects, the data analyser read the title, abstract, and any further information of each individual project and classified them into one or more of the six priority topics.	3
A journal was assigned to be in D1 (first decile) if it ranked within the first 10% of journals within its subject area.	3
We use the K-means clustering algorithm integrated in the package and try different K values to determine the proper values to reflect the number of potential categories.	3
Oval nodes are the intermediate nodes and rectangles are terminal nodes.	0
In total, 8396 reviews from the CDSR were screened for group authorships from inception to 31 December 2019.	2
The circles represent high-performing outliers with the average number of publications per year falling between 1.5 and 3 IQR (interquartile range) units above the 75th percentile in their group.	0
First, we analyze whether co-authorship with an SC author in the early stage of a researcher's career affects the medium-term future outcomes of impact and productivity.	1
The vast majority of journals charging APCs (80%) were found to offer one or more variations on pricing, such as discounts for authors from mid to low income countries, differential pricing based on article type, institutional or society membership, and/or optional charges for extras such as English language editing services or fast track of articles.	4
Consequently, ideas starting in the network periphery (i.e., at less prestigious universities) must be much higher in quality to have similar success as lower quality ideas originating in the core (more prestigious universities).	5
The collected data showed that a majority of Vietnamese social scientists had a small volume of works.	4
Here, we present the development and implementation of a fully mediated open access service at Surrey.	1
To achieve this objective, the citation network of seven selected metrics and their information environment is analyzed.	3
In this study, we define reference support as the capacity of references to provide support in terms of knowledge.	3
We will discuss these in the order they are mentioned in the abstract, beginning with average numbers.	0
We estimated maximum likelihood negative binomial panel regression models, with beta-distributed random effects and bootstrapped standard errors.	3
A total of 24 collaboratives met our inclusion criteria with a portfolio of 80 projects.	2
From the analysis of necessity, the length (more than 12 months) of research visits is a necessary condition for high research performance after academic mobility.	5
Bold letters: r > 0.1 Bold italic letters: r < ?0.1.	0
The set X∞ consists of all infinite, non-increasing sequences with elements from N ∪ {∞}.	2
Reviewers were supplied with the journal’s standard advice and asked to return their review within 3 weeks.	0
Table V (RQ 5) indicates that the h-index is 14, meaning that at least 14 journals were cited at least 14 times.	4
Original research articles, reviews, clinical trials, and case reports were included in the study.	2
The Nature Index is a selection of the world's leading research publications, honed to capture the very best articles across key research fields within the natural sciences.	2
This research aimed to assess the attractiveness of these RI education channels to the NTU research community and its subpopulations.	1
The proposed approach involves two stages: identifying the research themes from paper metadata using LDA topic modeling; and, evaluation of research theme trends by employing a version of the Mann-Kendall test that is able to cope with multivariate time series of term occurrences.	3
The data on experts involved in control and regulatory activities were taken from the list of 788 certified experts (Reeestr attestovannykh ekspertov, privlekaemykh Rosobrnadzorom k meropriyatiyam po kontrolyu).	2
This information is of interest to economists who study monopolist pricing, librarians interested in making efficient use of library budgets, and scholars who are interested in the availability of the work that they publish.	1
(2) What are these universities' prevailing discourses on and approaches to plagiarism?	1
Our data suggest that—after a period of significant expansion for Chemistry and Physics—Google Scholar coverage is now increasing at a stable rate.	4
For model specifications, we borrow from the wide-spread class of Discrete Choice Models, which are based on the unobserv- able utility obtained from a choice among alternatives (Train 2009).	3
How does the development of ICTs influence the evolving trend and the effects of cross-tier collaboration?	1
We tested the fit of five data sets to power-law distributions the citations to: overall papers, to single-authored papers, to collaborative papers to domestic and international collaborative papers following the procedure described in Ronda-Pupo and Katz (2015b).	3
The article particularly focuses on the differences between the three cultures (humanities, natural sciences and social sciences).	1
This study describes the increase of research productivity of latecomer countries (latecomers) in the high-energy physics (HEP) community by research strategies based on a national system and international collaboration (IC).	1
Variations in grant reporting between institutions prevented a specific analysis of the dollar amount of awards over time.	0
(3) United States, with a longer tradition in research in this field, accounted for 29.76 % of total world production.	5
World Neurosurgery (N = 389/2,177 articles; 17,87%) was the leading publisher, and American Journal of Neuroradiology had the highest number of citations per article (14.82) among journals with ≥ 10 publications.	4
Table 1 shows that women in the fields of “stem cells” and “medicinal plants” respectively with 65.5 and 63.69 % of all productions have more contribution in the development of knowledge boundaries and in the subjects of “aerospace” and “new & renewable energies" respectively with 6.93 %, 6.98 % of all scientific outputs have less contribution than the other fields.	0
We found that "Peru water sector", "water footprint", "Rio Grande basin", "residential water demand", "water market" and "urban water reform" are the major research areas in water research domain using co-citation analysis by CiteSpace.	4
I will begin by analysing some of the varied ways that citations function rhetorically; then review the particular ways in which name/date and footnote styles of citation interact with these varied rhetorics of citation; then turn to the way that high-stakes emphasis on citation metrics distorts the purposes of citation, and leads to what in my view are self-serving and in some cases unethical publishing practices.	3
We use the measure of their changing ranking in the JCR.	2
Our study combines the use of two national level databases.	2
Given the importance of the byline position and the significant role of the corresponding author, this study investigates the relationship between corresponding author and its byline position.	1
The model can also reproduce some other statistical features of citation networks, e.g.	4
The social sciences is one of the areas that changes the positioning of its disciplines more substantially in its benchmark with the more science disciplines.	5
After applying inclusion criteria, author-based parameters (article title, first author's name, institution and sex, number of authors, number of affiliations, first author's origin, and geographic origin), article-based parameters (article type, main topic, and research design), and the number of cites and self-cites were registered for each article.	3
This study makes several important contributions to the literature in the fields of transportation and tourism.	5
Among the analyzed journals, we found a huge diversity in submission requirements.	4
The results show that our transfer function model is better than others, and is suitable for calculating the delay between basic scientific research activities and technology patents.	4
All sampled journals followed the same trajectory in that published research demonstrated a move towards greater collaboration among authors, the use of higher research approaches and greater quantification in reporting results.	5
The authorship patterns demonstrate the collaborative trends as most of the publications were produced by the multiple-authors (81.03%).	4
Subsequently, the nomological network (i.e., convergent and discriminant validity) of the factors will be assessed (Campbell and Fiske 1959; Cronbach and Meehl 1955) by correlating them with external variables, including subjective norms, moral obligations, cheating intentions, and self-reported cheating behaviors.	3
What is the status of international collaboration within the topic?	1
Does high impact factor successfully predict future citations?	1
The great advantage of being a later adopter of an open access policy is that there is ample material describing various institutions' successes and failures with passing and implementing an open access policy.	5
The Research Excellence Framework (REF, see http://www.ref.ac.uk) is a peer-review based regular assessment of the quality of research emanating from universities and higher education institutes (HEI) in the UK.	0
Further distribution of this work must maintain attribution to the author(s) and the published article's title, journal citation, and DOI.	0
The institutions subject to evaluation should submit a specific number of papers for each researcher with a permanent position, based on his/her academic rank and period of activity over the four years considered.	2
To develop a method for investigating co-authorship patterns and author team characteristics associated with the publications in high-impact journals through the integration of public MEDLINE data and institutional scientific profile data.	1
For this purpose, articles with Spain in the address field are selected and retrieved (years 2008–2013), dividing them in two sets: articles with or without FA.	2
The aim of our investigation is to perform a bibliometric analysis with a longitudinal set-up that embraces the last three decades.	1
According to the results of this study, there is a positive correlation between economic and scientific outcome in the field of chemistry.	5
What is the relationship between aging and citation impact?	1
The empirical analysis is based on original data on the number of self-citations and the cultural background of the author in 1,346 journal articles published between 2009 and 2014 in the fields of Business and Management.	2
The conclusion argues that SBEJ can help the field's legitimacy, but that other journals should not imitate analytical paradigms.	5
OAJs are a good business model of CI in the digital transformation.	5
This investigation examines the scholarly impact of the 58 accounting journals on Beall's List.	2
It was identified that the non-African collaborators have a high impact on the quantity of co-authored publications and on the research disciplines in which co-authored research is undertaken.	4
The information downloaded include information of author, title, year of publication, keywords, journal and category in Web of Science.	2
Do structural effects, such as research funding or author-specific characteristics, e.g.	1
So what precisely does this typology mean for scholarly journal publishing in the twenty-first century?	0
who can be nominated for awards; and who should get scholarships?	0
The insights gained from these efforts provide essential perspectives and contribute to identifying pertinent issues in social media analysis addressed through the application of NLP.	5
The presence of funding was not associated with citation counts.	5
The research questions guiding the study were: (1) How many awarded articles were cited?	1
Received February 19, 2015; revised March 18, 2015; accepted March 18, 2015	0
Our analysis has revealed a number of important functional information characteristics of the MGMT collaboration patterns of researchers in India and the US.	5
The value of an international dimension in collaboration was modeled using ordinal linear regression (Harrell, 2015) applied to a binary variable for internationalism (at least one non-UK author or not), with the log of the number of authors as a control variable.	3
We applied average distance (avg_dis) between topics (Cao et al. 2009) to measure the performance of the AT model:	3
Informal discussions were held with researchers from across the faculties with the purpose to better understand the observed publication trends.	3
Based on our analyses, collaborating with colleagues in the same university is more likely to lead to negative collaboration experiences (as shown in Tables 5 and 6).	5
Since the characteristics of research vary according to the field, bibliometrics analysis should be used along with the peer review method for a more accurate analysis of research impact.	5
The study revealed the trending information of important contributors at the levels of journals, authors, countries, and institutes.	4
Using bibliometric analysis, this study first establishes that SIs have a higher impact on the field than RIs when evaluated based on average citations per manuscript, percentage of 'hot' papers, and the rate of citations per annum.	1
In a nutshell, if the cumulative citation curve is convex, then the diffusion of scientific ideas formulated in the cited article is accelerated in academic space.	4
Funding data are obtained from the Consolidated Grant/Applicant File (CGAF) from the U.S.	2
The results indicate that Brazil, Chile and Mexico have constantly led the region's scientific publications.	4
This study provides a bibliometric analysis of leading trends occurring in the scholarly achievements of JOM.	5
The issue of OA journals as compared with traditional subscription-based journals is highly debated among stakeholders: library administrators facing financial restrictions, authors seeking to locate the best outlet for their research, publishers wishing to increase their revenues by offering journals with wider appeal.	5
In this section, I use two examples from the literature to demonstrate that researchers' statements about research quality can be interpreted as being concerned with utility.	2
In conclusion, the presence of retracted publications in pharmacy systematic reviews raises concerns.	5
However, in PE, peer review is successful in selecting applicants with higher impact levels, and there is initially no reason to assume that this is not possible in LS as well.	5
To conceptualize bibliographic databases for research output, we draw inspiration from (information) infrastructure studies (Star and Ruhleder 1996; Star 1999; Bowker et al.	3
This month marks the two-year anniversary of the National Registry for Unemployed Scientists and Engineers.	0
Based on the existing literature, this study proposed three criteria for identifying emerging topics in scientific research projects and their paper outputs.	3
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The results have been downloaded from the citation report into a spreadsheet where it is straightforward to sum the citations up to a given year and to count the papers with high citation frequencies up to the value of h also selectively, namely depending on the publication year interval as desired.	2
In the period 1976–2021, 2388 articles indexed in WoS CC were published.	4
Bibliometrics is one of the most critical research domain in the field of library and information science that quantitatively analyzes patterns in academic literature (books, journals, proceedings, articles, etc.) to understand global trends and the knowledge structure of a research domain (Cobo et al.	3
Based on search strategies used in previous studies [20,21], we systematically reviewed PubMed, OVID Medline, Embase, and Global Health database using the following combined keywords (HIV OR human immunodeficiency virus) AND (HPV OR human papil- loma virus OR human papillomavirus).	2
We observe a heterogeneous but continuous distribution of B, spanning several orders of magnitude.	4
Received: 30 December 2018; Accepted: 22 January 2019; Published: 24 January 2019	0
In conclusion, ChatGPT provided accurate responses to “predatory publishing” since its strength is to collate, synthesize and summarize previous human-created knowledge of a particular area of exploration, as in this case of predatory publishing.	5
What are the factors and needs that are required to promote open access?	1
Our study data suggested that the use of financial incentives to drive research productivity can lead to resentment because established academics who get paid the incentives are often not expected to participate in teaching and other responsibilities to the same degree.	4
Different techniques of social network analysis have been applied in the literature to study these networks.	3
In this construction we follow the direction: discovery-oriented fields (DoFs) → applications-oriented fields (AoFs) → technological areas (Techs).	3
The current study applies the hla metric of Harzing et al.	1
To elicit results within this domain, the empirical study employed a template analysis utilizing two broad categories: ‘organizational capacity’ and ‘epistemic effects’.	3
Two (JPAM and PC) published authors who drew heavily on the literature of economics.	4
Table S1 presents extreme values for the total number of publications and coauthors for 462 Nobel Laureates (NL) and 196,306 scholars on the Stanford's Top 2% list (T2).	2
The Smart Bibliometrics application aims to assist the automation of diverse routine data collection by building a simple and user-friendly system capable of indicating any possible research gaps in the scientific area, as well as to reverse intelligence in scientific writing focused on the evolution of knowledge in the most varied fields of expertise.	1
The results from our study indicate that both direct and indirect citations are limited to adequately reflect the knowledge contribution among disciplines.	5
This hypothesis is being tested using a large-scale dataset with unique variables.	1
These variations separate LIS authors quite clearly into groups with these impact patterns.	4
All studies published in the above seven journals in 2000, 2005, 2009, and 2011 were retrieved from PubMed in September 2012 using the search terms “The Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery" British volume (Journal) AND ["2000/01/01(PDAT)”: “2000/12/31(PDAT)"].	2
The number of authors per paper was uncorrelated with every metric considered.	4
They purchased and included a customized dataset from Thomson Reuters' Web of Science, the Local Journal Use Reports (LJUR), that showed which journals were cited by University of Minnesota (U-MN) authors, the journals in which they published, and which journal venues with U-MN authors were cited by others.	2
In short, reputational effects for individual scientists can be substantial after retraction occurs but depend on the nature of the retraction and the author's standing.	5
Taking artificial intelligence as a case study, our approach find that the development pattern of artificial neural networks is not the same as other topics, such as natural language processing.	5
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 66(12):2580–2595, 2015	0
In its review process, the committee adopted Step 3: Peer review and Step 4 of the SCAP Concept Document.	3
Total number of R&D research projects broken down by gender and university in Spain for the period 2007-2013.	0
Third, the novelty measure is found to be a significant predictor of citation impact in 10 years.	5
School of Economics and Information Systems, University of Wollongong, Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia	0
In this contribution, we consider uncertainty in a ranking of economics journals.	1
A total of 2642 manuscripts were included in the final analyses.	2
It is obvious that the distribution of regions and collaborations is related to economic development and national education inclination, as the regions noted above are more developed than others in China.	5
In this chapter, we present a strategy and the techniques to approach a scientific field from a set of articles gathered from the bibliographic database “Web of Science.”	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Reads and citations had poor correlation (r-value 0.32); reads and Altmetric score had negligible correlation (r-value 0.26); and Altmetric score and citations had negligible correlation (r-value 0.07).	4
Sites returned by the three search engines compared (r=0.66, 0.69, 0.81).	0
“Results and empirical findings" section shows the empirical results and “Discussion” section covers the discussion, while the last section concludes the paper.	0
Dotted lines are the 95% con- fidence intervals of linear trend regres- sions.	0
Based on these theoretical considerations, the objective of our investigation was to determine which are the intellectual virtues people should have in order to undertake successful interdisciplinary projects of any kind.	1
In this contribution, we focus on the type of phenomenon as illustrated by the work of Youyou Tu.	1
Prior to the implementation, researchers explained to the participants its purpose, emphasizing that participation was voluntary and that students could withdraw at any time.	0
The scientific publications span from 1871 to 2019, and patents from 1953 to 2019.	2
On the basis of the NewQIS (New Quality and Quantity Indices in Science) platform and the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) of the Web of Science database, a total of 1787 articles originating from Wroc?aw were identified between 1966 and 2017.	2
2 Carnegie designations changed in 2006, during the administration of the survey.	0
What is the value of the side information for the selection of high-quality manuscripts?	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The DCS network is built upon direct entity pairs that are captured within citation sentences.	3
Yu, Department of Anaesthesiology, Eastern Hepatobiliary Surgery Hospital, Second Military Medical University, Shanghai, China.	0
For example, peer review and research-funding indicators are sometimes used for research evaluation (Geisler, 2000; Moed, 2005), and article title-word co-occurences can be used for relational analyses (Leydesdorff, 1989, 1997).	0
In the next sub-sections, both types are explained, along with their use-cases and application within the database.	0
These biases against marginalized groups and institutions can be mitigated by avoiding heavy-weighting metrics such as h-index and past awards Chapman et al. (2019); Leydesdorff et al. (2019).	5
The following data were recorded for each e-mail: date, journal title and origin, requested contribution, e-mail language, relevance to the researcher's discipline, journal characteristics (claimed metrics, editorial services, article types accepted, and publication fees), journal/publisher contact information and online presence.	3
Thanks also to three unknown reviewers as well as the editors of Science & Technology Studies who all provided valuable feedback.	0
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Finally, our findings highlight that publisher-provided metadata about the invoicing channels of (hybrid) OA can facilitate research into and increase the understanding of the financial flows of OA publishing.	5
The urban campus had no online only subscriptions to AIM journals.	0
Productivity index and level of contributions of authors in HCA in LIS	0
Since the dependent variable in our publication productivity models concerns the number of published/accepted books, articles or both, the empirical strategy adopted here is the Poisson Regression Model (PRM).	3
National Library of Medicine (NLM) as the basis for subject classification.	1
(in particular, table 3) does not replicate the implied association between “applied” and “peripheral.”	0
However, the last author makes up a growing percentage of corresponding author since 2000.	4
We use various count data specifications of the gravity model to estimate the intensity of collaboration between pairs of countries as explained by the geographical, cognitive, institutional, social, and cultural dimensions of proximity.	3
Publisher’s Note: All claims expressed in this article are solely those of the authors and do not necessarily represent those of their affiliated organizations, or those of the publisher, the editors and the reviewers.	0
This parallels the diffusion theory principle of homophily, which states that the transfer of ideas occurs more easily among those with similar beliefs and education (Rogers, 1983, p.	0
The R packages tm (Feinerer et al., 2008), NLP (Hornik, 2014), SnowballC (Bouchet-Valat, 2014), wordcloud (Fellows, 2014), and RColorBrewer (Neuwirth, 2014) were used for producing word clouds.	3
One institution, the University of Florida, provided institutional support for three articles (Akers and Cochran 1985; Cochran et al.	4
We find that in all subcomponents, insider applicants are rated higher than applicants without previous teaching experience or training in the district they are applying to work in.	5
Conclusions: CCCs have significantly higher academic output and NIH funding.	5
Borrowing the concept of “potential energy” from physics, we propose “disciplinary potential energy” (hereafter DPE), which refers to the potential energy determined by the relative position formed by the citation relationship between two disciplines.	3
In addition, our extended citation model has the highest F1-score, which means our proposed model does cover the shortage of traditional bibliographic coupling model and textual similarity model.	4
The Research Topics, Research Methods and Research Results all showed that the topic distribution of papers with high originality was more dispersed, while the topic distribution of papers with a low degree of originality tended to be more concentrated.	4
Presently 22% of highly cited articles in reproductive medicine research are published in journals belonging to science categories outside reproductive medicine.	4
We have shown above that CK members have a dominant position in the procedures of academic promotions in Poland.	4
In consideration of space and clarity, only the first author is presented in the table even if a publication is co-authored.	0
Furthermore, the influence of the number of research areas on academic collaboration is attenuated for Nobel laureates, who exhibit a greater reliance on external knowledge (Ao et al., 2023).	5
How do individuals construct meanings, values, and counter-arguments about interdisciplinarity and interdisciplinary individuals within their centers?	1
Research efficiency curves for the entire pool of principal investigators as the function of equivalent time and principal investigator’s A-index respectively.	0
After completing the bibliographic data split, we used databases, such as WOS and SCOPUS, to compare the data and complete the verification and integration of bibliographic information.	3
In this study, we argue that the collaborative process involves social influence and social capital embedded within relationships and network structures amongst direct partner.	1
On the other hand, this may represent another example of cumulative advantage in science (Merton 1968).	5
Learned Publishing published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of ALPSP.	0
Furthermore, we demonstrate that the coronavirus-related research is not becoming more interdisciplinary before 2019, and the COVID-19 pandemic makes the coronavirus research field more interdisciplinary.	5
As can be seen from the table, there are positive correlations among all indicators (r = 0.22-0.916, p < 0.01).	4
The articles were searched for in Mendeley, also during November and December 2014, by a query for title, year and first author last name, as well as by Digital Object Identifier (DOI), when present, to get the greatest possible coverage (Zahedi, Haustein, & Bowman, 2014).	2
To this end, we present an empirical clustering of disciplines based on their collaboration structures and discuss the contrast between scientific areas defined in an official classification system and empirically obtained clusters of scientific disciplines.	1
A straightforward method is proposed for performance assessment, relying on a dynamic three-step process involving both quantitative and subjective or policy-making components.	5
we decide to focus on papers with at least 30 citations in the first 30 years after publication.	2
In general the teams of the listed affiliations are very large.	0
RQ2: Papers published in high-impact journals are often regarded as being at the forefront of the field.	1
With the motivation for developing interactive visual software that helps both researchers and editorial committees, in this paper we present RelPath, a system to help with the task of finding relevant papers and authors for a selected paper.	1
The application modules are implemented in Python, using NLTK [40] and Gensim [41] for text processing tasks, Scikit-learn [42] for machine learning tasks and NetworkX [43] for graph analyses.	3
Specifically, the research questions in this article are as follows: (1) What can inventor patent classification codes coupling analysis tell us about the intellectual structure of the field being studied?	1
This article proposes a parametric approach for facilitating inter-metric and inter-field comparisons of citation-based journal ranking metrics.	1
We therefore conclude that Tori5 performs equivalently to (but differently from) expert peer judgment.	5
Weka (Hall et al., 2009) was used to generate the learning models.	3
This paper collected all the papers published by Chinese Business School in UTD24 from 2000 to 2018 through Web of Science.	2
A bibliometric analysis was performed using the Sci-Verse Scopus database.	2
Keywords: R&D management; interdisciplinary research; research collaboration; research assessment; portfolio management; co-citation analysis.	0
We found that the total number of figure panels and tables changed little between preprint and published articles.	4
We observe that the rank of authors for the degree, betweenness and closeness centrality is more or less similar.	4
I structure these in four dimensions that I feel are highly relevant to the fisheries profession.	3
Out of 30,966 publications collected in the dataset, 26,366 publications attract one or more citations from other manuscripts.	4
More descriptive statistics of the dataset can be found in the Supplementary Information (i.e., Figure A1, Figure A2, and Figure A3).	0
Data types for records in the CORE and REVIEW Excel sheets.	0
The results indicate the social work profession includes many researchers who are making an exceptional scientific impact.	5
The semantic category disagreement is very present in the discussion part, while the category agreement is present in the discussion part, but also results.	4
15 journals accounted for 812 (68.7%) of 1182 paper mill retractions, with one journal accounting for 166 (14.0%).	4
Therefore, five papers from each of the topics (“A” to “K”) were selected for evaluation.	2
However, the results indicate that the geometric approach reduces the problem of inaccurate assignments, and therefore we believe that the geometric approach may be preferred over the fractional approach.	5
The average number of citation per article is about 5.8 and 4 for Turkish and Iranian parasitologists' papers, respectively.	4
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Departmental academic output can be adequately measured by the sum of individual faculties' h-indices department-wide.	5
This shows that the problem we study is not necessarily convex.	0
We offer the following definitions in order to clarify concepts used in this study.	0
In the 2003 JCR database, the IF of four EM journals (4 of 8, 50.0%) was higher than the EM category aggregate IF.	4
Interestingly, instead of the publication rate if modified productivity index (mod_x) was used as the dependent variable (discussed earlier) we would arrive at exactly the same conclusions (as we did for the publication rate) with one difference: HEIs that spend more per teacher report a higher quality publication rate (positive coefficient of average annual expenditure).	4
Pinski and Narin (1976) Influence Weights (IW) are not or marginally sensitive to these outliers on the main diagonal of a citation matrix and thus provide an alternative to JIFs.	1
We visualized and analyzed the dataset with CiteSpace (version 5.3.R4 SE) [17].	3
Although, no significant association were found between family socioeconomic status and online academic queries, family socioeconomic status could indirectly affect formal query and informal query through Internet self-efficacy.	4
An increase in impact from collaborations in consortia was largest in molecular biology and genetics, clinical medicine, and physics.	4
Received: 15 July 2015 | Accepted: 1 December 2015 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 17 February 2016	0
Simple linear regressions were fit to trace the trajectories of the use of adjectives and adverbs in the examined period (Cao et al., 2021; Lei & Wen, 2019; Wen & Lei, 2021).	3
First, topic popularity can impact team performance in the academic productivity and their research work's academic influence.	4
Whereas scientific outputs significantly increased between 2009 and 2017, technical outputs decreased in all areas of knowledge, particularly in agricultural sciences, where the annual average output per researcher decreased from 0.83 to 0.12 (see Table 3).	4
However, the best outcome was obtained by combining it with additional datasets based on funding acknowledgements and on authors, recovering more than 80 % of all possible CIBER publications without losing accuracy.	4
A possible explanation for the lack of an immediate penalty from negative citations on the subsequent interest for an article is that negative citations may contribute to refining initial findings and help a field evolve.	5
These results show that under-cited influential articles occur in each of them, but their share is low (always under 10%), which is consistent with our hypothesis, that such articles are neither rare, nor very common.	4
Early and mid-career researchers gain enhanced visibility regarding their own contributions to certain scientific work.	5
In the present study we shall use a simpler Euclidean distance measure to combine three quality indicators which are intrinsically field-normalized into a composite quality indicator and display this with the quantity indicator on a two-dimensional map.	3
A second step is required in which experts verify which publications genuinely played a significant part in a research field.	0
In the core of the network is the United States of America with the highest degree centrality value.	4
This study presents the results of assessing the impact of non-economic factors: science and higher education (number of papers in IF journals, number of citations, number of citations per paper, number of universities on the ARWU list, number of most cited people in the top 500), and innovation index on GDP per capita in European countries, as well as Turkey and Israel, which are relatively close geographically and mentally.	1
As the comparison of various segmented regression models in the current study revealed, models with four or five segments fit the publication data best.	4
Data for this study consist of research articles from peer-reviewed journals listed in ISI Web of Science Science Citation Index and Social Science Citation Index.	2
Journal articles collected by search performed on Scopus for terms in Title, Abstract or Keywords, and authorship affiliations to 'Imperial College London'.	2
This study focused on peer reviewer gender and examined differences in review behaviour by gender among 2,178 peer reviewers for two behavioural science journals over a period of 9 years.	1
Based on the survey, 24 scientific associations were then selected for in-depth study, comprising document analysis (of reports, regulations, publications, websites, leaflets, news articles), interviews with presidents (and other board members, when it was deemed necessary), a questionnaire survey of members and ethnographic observation at events promoted by the associations (conferences, general assemblies, science dissemination activities, meetings, awards ceremonies).	2
Our study confirms that interdisciplinarity evolves mainly from neighbouring fields to distant cognitive areas and provides evidence of an increasing tendency of BMB researchers to cite literature from other disciplines.	4
Secondly, articles were classified into one of two authorship types: single-authored and co-authored articles.	3
The other two sets are collected from Web of Science (www.webofscience.com), where their papers are published during those years in their name.	2
Please note that in the following text all passages that appear between commentaries in this typeface are editorial notes.	0
Using biology research groups and departments in the UK as a test case, we show that the citation-based measure i is not a good proxy for the peer-review measure s, in that these two specific measures are rather poorly correlated.	2
The table gives the IR and CID values for some of the ratio CPP/CPPna values:	0
However, approaches specifically recognizing and creatively overcoming barriers to meaningful authorship have received little attention.	1
S is the share of proposals accepted for the second stage.	0
The questionnaire included questions about the journal (e.g., year of founding, the year of application of the Diamond OA model, journal ownership), questions about financial support (funding), division of labor in the editorial offices, distinction between paid and unpaid tasks, possible cooperating partners and the technical infrastructure (e.g., editorial management system, journal platforms) used by the journal.	0
The formats adopted by language and literature researchers to share their results are journal article, book, research project, dissertation/thesis, and conference article.	4
The analysis presented in this paper has found the pre- and post-mega-journal iterations of Medicine to be different in numerous ways: the journal has a different peer-review policy and editorial board, is vastly different in scale, has different author demographics, and is publishing articles with different citation rates, which are cited in different journals.	5
First, we used the core database of Web of Science (WoS), i.e., SCI-EXPANDED, SSCI, A&HCI, CPCI-S, CPCISSH, CCR-EXPANDED, and IC as the search engine for target articles.	2
For ease of interpretation, we calculated Incidence Rate Ratios for each relationship of interest (Table 1).	3
Based on the findings from our quantitative analysis and contextualized by the qualitative interviews, we conclude that free-format submission guidelines would benefit both researchers and editors.	5
OA is no substitute for a much more comprehensive rethink of what constitutes useful and legitimate knowledge about the world, and efforts to break down the artificial walls that the journal system has helped create between academics and the rest of us.	5
These keyword communities reflect the specific knowledge structure of the DEA field and, although it can evolve with time, the keyword community structure is rather stable.	5
The results revealed that network indices have equal potential to identify influential authors as compared with bibliometric indices such as h-index, particularly in the case of networks having a high value of cluster coefficient.	4
Therefore, as long as the evaluation system puts researchers under the pressure of the “publish or perish" paradigm, the room for increasing quality and reducing waste in dental research is limited.	5
This contribution complements current evaluation methodologies of social impact that consider which improvements are shared by citizens in social media.	5
Similarly to Panel A, we apply a 1/N weighting to derive a metric for each contributing institution, called weighted AAC, or WAAC.	3
Based on an n×n p–c matrix, the citation rhythm indicator R?	3
Being aware that the Web of Science (WoS) databases cover a crucial but rather limited proportion of the worldwide educational research output, this study provides bibliometric insights into the development of national publication outputs in educational research in the WoS and what idiosyncrasies are revealed for European countries, into the role of English as a publication language, into the trend towards transnational co-authorship as an indicator of international cooperation, and into citation frequencies as a measurement of research communication or research impact.	1
The articles selected were evaluated for their number of citations, year of publication, country of origin, type of study, and others.	3
Originally formed by assembling a few local clusters, the giant component has gradually evolved from a small cluster to a structure of “chained-communities”, and then to a small-world structure.	4
To investigate the position or influence of different nodes in the coauthorship network, each author's research output and centrality measures were applied as metric indicators.	3
These results emphasize the importance of establishing an absolute standard for correct data.	5
Furthermore, the index values were divided by the scientific ages of the authors in order to obtain time-oriented h and hmen values which make a comparison of authors with different scientific ages possible.	3
Then, a one-way ANOVA is conducted to compare the effect of high or low citation on the usage of papers.	3
The parameter associated with the presence of funding was country income (P<.01), with those having a high and upper-middle income being more funded than those with a lower-middle and low income.	4
Evaluating published research in breast cancer will provide an insight into research activity and encourage national and international nurse researchers in the field of breast cancer.	5
In this study, we focused on the quantity aspect of research productivity measured by international publication outcomes.	3
Irreproducible and non-replicable research results threaten the credibility, usefulness, and very foundation of all scientific fields; IB is certainly not immune.	5
Three library and information science graduate students participated in the citation context analysis.	3
In total, 2092 articles were selected between those years.	2
The interviews were transcribed verbatim, then coded and analyzed with qualitative directed content analysis (Hsieh and Shannon 2005).	3
In terms of the impact of errors in selection for the final scores of quality, the results of the simulation demonstrate that the universities are particularly penalized in the selection of their products if they adhere exclusively to the proposals from the researchers, instead of choosing from among them on the basis of the criteria defined by the VQR panels.	5
This study compared ratings for external and internal applicants to teacher positions.	5
To further investigate how the ten different factors listed in Table 2 can predict user engagement, a regression analysis was implemented by using these ten factors as explanatory variables, as well as the four user engagement metrics (i.e., likes, tweets, quotes, and replies) as response variables.	3
Second, we found that as inter-organizational diversity increased, the positive relationship between team size and the citations of papers published by the team is somewhat amplified.	5
The goal of this study is to consolidate and assess existing research literature on the subject's biology, ecology, management, and impact.	1
A correlation test was used to examine how each of these different levels of internal and external collaboration associate with the publication's impact.	3
As the disclosure of short nucleotide sequences also enables their reuse in future studies, the semi-automated tool Seek & Blastn was created to verify the identities of published nucleotide sequence reagents that are claimed to target human genes and transcripts (Labbé et al.	3
The analyses are focused on a set of WoS journal articles from 1993 to 2011 linked to 66 Danish Centres of Excellence (CoE) funded by the Danish National Research Foundation (DNRF).	2
We conclude that the lexicographic ranking is measure-based.	4
In the international databases (SciVal? and Incites?) the number of publications increased 43 per year in the humanities and 232 in the social sciences (Fig.	4
The data set consists of 125 papers published in 2008 and belonging to the subject category cell biology or immunology.	2
Only the quotes used in this text were translated into English.	0
The number of physicians per specialty was obtained online from the American Medical Association Physician Masterfile.	2
3 Collaboration network of the top 10 most productive countries (SCI-EXPANDED)	0
The success-rate for JCR inclusion differs from country to country and is often inversely proportional to the number of national OA journal titles.	4
Seven hospitality journals, including Cornell Hospitality Quarterly (CHQ), International Journal of Contemporary Hospitality Management (IJCHM), International Journal of Hospitality Management (IJHM), International Journal of Hospitality and Tourism Administration (IJHTA), Journal of Hospitality Marketing and Management (JHMM), Journal of Hospitality and Tourism Management (JHTM) and Journal of Hospitality and Tourism Research (JHTR) were included in this study.	2
The arithmetic fraction is based on an equal distribution of authorship credit among coauthors, while in nuclear physics, it is reasonable to assume that the first author usually contributes ~50 %, and the rest is split between the other coauthors.	3
The effectiveness of Pearson correlation coefficient for each pattern is guaranteed by the linear trends shown in Fig.	0
We have only included papers from 2000 to 2010 to ensure a long citation window (from the date of publication up to 2017).	2
It is clear that the relation ZIF defined by (1) is a weak order.	0
we also used Generalized Linear Models (GLMs) to determine if respondents' publication histories (10 or less, 11–30, 31–50 or > 50 peer reviewed publications) and first language (English or not) predicted their use or not of GS, WoS, WoSCC and Scopus.	3
This study utilized a grounded theory research approach.	3
Dimensions, launched in 2018, is an abstract and citation database owned by Digital Science.	2
The authors (n = 348) and editors (n = 57) who answered this question agreed that the study lacking novelty is the most common reason for manuscript rejection, followed by a mismatch with the journal scope, and exaggerated conclusions that are not sufficiently supported by the study results.	4
The selection of document types and subject areas were guided by an aspiration to cover variations of both, and the selection thus covers a total of 26,931,419 items.	2
Rather, they reflect multi-dimensional aspects of the present structure of the scholarly publishing business, which is strongly influenced by the primacy of large commercial publishers.	5
6 where the relationship coefficients of the SEM models (structural equation modeling) for the two samples are presented (Path coefficients of the SEM models for the two samples).	0
OpenAlex is a scientific knowledge graph, including papers, disambiguated authors, venues, institutions, and discipline information (Priem, Piwowar, & Orr, 2022).	2
This study focused on technological literacy education, and research subjects and samples were obtained from journal literature in the WoS and AL databases.	2
Additionally, auto-correlation matrices generated in Vantage Point provided correlation among items in the same list (i.e.	3
2 Score (Stockholm Centre for Organizational Research), Stockholm University, Stockholm, Sweden	0
264 COLLNET JOURNAL OF SCIENTOMETRICS AND INFORMATION MANAGEMENT 9(2) DECEMBER 2015	0
AssignmentWatch was found to effectively detect uploads on a variety of websites, generally within 24 hours.	4
Java tool (which is freely available online) which can be used by other researchers.	0
In this respect, our results also provide guidance on how to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of academic research policies.	0
We found little evidence for the idea that strategic behaviours in sending less productive faculty to work for Rosobrnadzor was more common for 'ineffective' universities, which means that the models do not confirm the second proposition.	4
Acknowledgments The authors acknowledge the very useful comments of two anonymous reviewers.	0
The most Frequent Author Keywords are " machine learning ", "deep learning," "radiomics", "breast cancer", "melanoma" and "artificial intelligence," which are the research hotspots in this field.	4
There are 28,370 studies in the sample between 1975 and 2019 and 802,925 references to these studies.	2
The top fifty cited articles (published in 2007 and cited from 2008 to 2010) of each journal (n?, i = 1, 2, 3, .	2
Readers should therefore remain alert with regard to journal/s as source for their education, and potential authors should carefully choose legitimate journals for the review and publication of their precious work lest they inadvertently tarnish their scientific reputation.	5
The most important finding of this study is that the different performances of citation and altmetrics may indicate different attitudes toward OPR across target audiences.	5
The study revealed a positive trend of scientific literature production and that the average number of references is increasing contrary to the number of pages per publication, which is decreasing, although it has remained stable in recent years.	4
Our observations not only help reformulate the existing bibliographic indices (such as “journal impact factor”) but enhance general bibliometric research (such as “citation link prediction,” “information retrieval,” and “self-citation characterization”), reflecting several characteristics:	5
At least 75% of retraction notices included the suggested content for 7/9, 3/9 and 3/16 items in the Committee for Publication Ethics and Retraction Watch minimum and optimal recommended formats, respectively.	4
We use university affiliation and year of the dissertation to train a structural topic model and then test the model on a set of unseen dissertation titles.	3
be the number of geographical areas with authors in the byline of the publication.	0
This paper attempts such an integration by comparing the reasons for citation suggested by the authors of a set of ten journal articles in librarianship and information science with the reasons for citation suggested by readers of that same set of articles.	1
The data of the different variables were cross-linked and, in the cases in which it was considered appropriate, a statistical analysis was performed through correlations, establishing p<0.0001 as significant.	3
In this work, the performance of applied classifiers is analyzed by standard Precision, Recall and F1 evaluation metrics.	3
The mediation effect of WS is significant for the articles’ impact.	4
The “fully substantiated” category was used for propositions that could be entirely substantiated by the reference.	3
The number of tweets from an official outlet and from an author were weakly correlated with academic citation.	4
The second question aims to examine how the status of DSM as a boundary object is reflected in its citation pattern across knowledge domains.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Co-citation analysis categorizes studies that focus on similar topics together, leading to clusters that symbolize topics most prevalent in the past.	3
The great majority are HE institutions (66.2%), followed by HL (18.1%) and GO (12.2%) in the 3290 list.	0
Performing multivariable-adjusted linear regression analyses, years of publication associated with mean annual citations on Web of Science as well as total citations across databases (p < 0.01).	4
The main aim of this study was to assess the research activity in nursing and midwifery field in Arab countries.	1
Author bibliographic coupling analysis (ABCA) is an extension of bibliographic coupling theory at the author level and is widely used in mapping intellectual structures and scholarly communities.	1
The Progression from Disciplinary to Multidisciplinary to Interdisciplinary and on to Transdisciplinary Research	0
The exponents, α,of the power law distributions were determined using the Maximum Likelihood Estimator and the Kolmogorov–Smirnov (KS) test for estimating xmin.	3
In this study, we implemented the tools for increasing the visibility of two researchers' papers from two different disciplines and universities.	3
A model in which Nobel laureates are typically connected by short coauthorship paths both intergenerationally and between subdisciplines reproduces such flat Nobel number distributions.	5
By using Web of Science and 2016 edition of Journal Citation Reports, this study probes the relationship of non-English publishing language and JIF (quartile).	1
In the first part of our analysis, we use the complete sample of biotechnology patents from PATSTAT that comprises all patent applications and granted patents.	2
After a discussion of our data, we detail our empirical strategy and then present our findings and conclusions.	0
Bibliometric analysis, including publication growth analysis, core authors and collaborative degree analysis, core journals analysis and institutions distribution, was performed.	3
The present study explores gender differences in research topics and methods within a particular field to analyze and understand the potential reasons for gender imbalances in academia and assess the impact of gender on knowledge creation.	1
A property of the gamma function is that as r goes to infinity, and for any constant p + 1,	0
Citation counts were collected for each article in Web of Science (WoS), Google Scholar (GS), and Scopus 2.5 and 5 years after publication.	2
The related results of bibliometric analysis will provide a current state and systemic overview of this field, which is helpful for the future researchers to promote the development of the environmental footprint family research.	5
To analyse funding source and international collaborations, we randomly selected 1,600 articles (20% of the total sample) for more detailed analyses of the full manuscript.	2
China and India exhibited the most publication growth 11- and 9-fold, respectively, and are now among the top five countries for the number of published articles.	4
Data for this study were collected from the published grant database by ARC (Australian Research Council 2017).	2
The United Arab Emirates ranked first in the percentage (67.4%) of publications with international authors.	4
Our findings are in line with the previous literature reviews and create common ground in the active and evolving discipline.	5
Analysis of the number of citations within a given specialty provides information on the classic publications of that specialty.	1
The article presents three advanced citation-based methods used to detect potential breakthrough articles among very highly cited articles.	1
Her publications appeared in journals such as Journal of Pragmatics, Critical Discourse Studies and Discourse and Communication.	0
Study's country of origin influences ratings of the study's impact on the research field, appropriateness of methodology, and justifiability of funding.	1
(2011) and Hendry and Doornik (2014), whereby the variable with the lowest t-ratio is omitted first.	3
or green technological innovation, as outlined by Kerui Du et al.	2
To compare the log likeli- hoods, we use the log likelihood ratio test.	3
It turns out that adverse incentive problems emerge as a result of this system change.	1
An interregional transfer of tacit knowledge was largely unimportant for the spatial diffusion of research in this technological field.	5
One publication from Shafer's list had to be excluded as we found no formal note of retraction on the publisher's website (Table 1).	2
Keywords Bibliometric evaluation · Excellence Initiative · Germany · Research system	0
This effort led to the First European Conference on Information Systems in 1993.	0
We can clearly see that there is a huge gap between the publications on general big data research and fuzzy technique based big data research.	5
It is thus recommended to involve these researchers at higher levels in strategic planning of cancer-focused researches as well as providing them with more research facilities and means to reinforce science collaboration network.	5
Higher academic productivity among AAS members was observed across all subspecialty types and was especially pronounced for assistant and associate professors.	4
For the two AIDs, ORCID and ResearcherID, the average number of publications per researcher is generally lower than that found on Scopus (30.3 instead of 71.5 for ORCID and 51.4 instead of 67.7 for ResearcherID).	4
To address the selection concern, we propose a difference-in-differences (DID) estimator to assess the impact of the funding policy change of 2011.	3
We found that for large groups the total relative overlap (the ratio of a group's nodes that it shares with other groups) is low, but for small groups it can be high.	4
Manuscript submitted 2021-11-14, revised 2022-06-03, initially accepted for publication 2022-06-28, published in August 2022.	0
The study is based on 2000-2009 bibliographic data retrieved from CSSCI.	2
Following Marshall and Hoyos (2020), we searched the Clarivate Journal Citation Reports website to identify journals containing the words 'sleep' or 'dream' in the titles with an impact factor since 2018.	3
The new rules 'intend to break any link between individuals and the content of the submission' (FRAP 2023, 14).	4
Bolded names are new, italicized names were in the top 5 in McCain, 2018b (see Appendix 2 for a full set of comparisons)	0
Understanding topic evolution in a scientific domain is essential for capturing key domain developments and facilitating knowledge transfer within and across domains.	1
Women scientists emphasized on the sub-discipline of cell biology and reproductive biology and male scientists emphasized on the sub-discipline of zoology.	4
Sentiment analysis showed a mix of positive and negative sentiments, fluctuating with significant events and news related to long COVID.	4
The classification system consists of 4047 micro clusters algorithmically generated based on the direct citation relations among publications published between 2000 and 2017 in Web of Science database and are further clustered into five macro-level research fields as shown in Figure 2.	2
Cohort studies were the most frequent study type across all journals.	4
The verification of the mean citations of the papers revealed that the OA significantly outperformed the NOA papers.	4
The focus and nature of the current study did not warrant the presentation of the data using visual networks.	0
In this article, we explore citation patterns of high-quality and high-impact publications, in order to construct a total framework for indicating high-quality or high-impact publications via characterized citation patterns, with clarifying the relations and differences between high-quality and high-impact ones.	1
The data are analysed by means of an index known as revealed comparative advantage (RCA), a measure that assesses the comparative disadvantage or advantage of a territory, country or city in a specific metric in relation to the world average (which serves as the comparative benchmark).	3
The optimization results were assessed by both density analysis and edge strength analysis methods.	3
As a preliminary to introducing the data used in this study we should like to address the following points.	0
Department of Cardiology, Cerrahpa?a Faculty of Medicine, ?stanbul University, ?stanbul, Turkey	0
This study carries essential implications for selecting innovative directions, the channels through which innovation is disseminated, and the formulation of science policies.	5
Flash-in-the-pan type: documents that tend to receive citations soon after their publication but they are not cited in the long term.	3
Additionally, we used Scielo and RedALyC as the leading examples of databases for non-mainstream journals in Latin America.	2
On average, professors had the lowest percentage (5.84%) of articles without citations, whereas assistant professors had the lowest percentage (4.84%) of articles without any social media mention (Tables 13, 14 and 15) for the studied department.	4
Received: 2 June 2021 / Accepted: 14 February 2022 / Published online: 12 March 2022	0
The results obtained by applying this general methodology to Information Security domain confirm its viability.	5
Following the above research flow, this section presents three parts of the analysis required to answer our research questions.	0
The selection was based on quasi-random purposeful sampling to include universities differing with respect to research intensity, reputation, rankings, size, geography, public or private status and whether or not the respective universities included a medical school.	0
Two authors coded each video independently with discrepancies resolved by group consensus.	3
The resulting visualizations and groupings reveal clusters that align with the discipline assignments for the journals for four of the six disciplines, but also greater overlaps among some journals for two of the disciplines or categorizations that do not necessarily align with their assigned disciplines.	4
As for citations, the average citation count of the endogenous publications was below the journals' citation count per publication.	4
The categories of research were determined by examining the methodology of each grant applied for and awarded.	3
Received July 5, 2000; Revised January 12, 2001; accepted January 12, 2001	0
The objective of this bibliometric analysis is to use visualization of similarities (VOS) mapping and other bibliometric techniques to determine the most frequently cited BRFSS-related topical areas, institutions, and journals.	1
In this report, we analyze the uncitedness among two independent groups of highly visible scientists (mathematicians represented by Fields medalists, and researchers in physiology or medicine represented by Nobel Prize laureates in the respective field).	1
We did not follow Yan and Luo's preference for the Jaccard index, but used the cosine.	5
As our base population, we pick the set of all authors and reviewers of recent instances of the International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE 2014, 2015, and 2016), because it represents software engineering research broadly across most topic ranges and at a high level of quality.	2
To aggregate ratings of scientists for each criterion, we use the TOPSIS concept.	3
Consistent with property 1, although JIF(0,3)ASB(2019) is lower than JIF(0,3)SCR&T (2019), CiteScore ASB (2019) is higher than CiteScoreSCR&T(2019).	4
Thus, the main objective of this article is to explore the perspectives of different actors in Kenya's higher education sector on OA and how it shapes knowledge production, consumption and dissemination in their context.	1
The average number of nodes in TSCs was 2.58 with a standard deviation of 1.41, which indicates that TSCs often had a small quantity of members (nodes).	4
In this paper, we introduce the Granger-causal inference strategy to study the directionality between downloads and citations and set up the length of time lag between the time series for each case.	1
The data analyzed here are represented by articles in two sociology of sport journals, namely Sociology of Sport Journal and Journal of Sport and Social Issues, published between 2003 and 2011, and the citations used in these articles.	2
The minimum number of keyword occurrences being analyzed was set to 5 in VOSviewer.	3
The top five journals repeated in each indicator are "Trends in Cognitive Sciences", "Neuroscience and Biobehavioral Reviews", "Behavioral and Brain Sciences”, “Cortex" and "Appetite".	4
The articles are sampled from one of 13 flagship journals from six fields: mathematics, cell biology, economics, political science, sociology, and philosophy.	2
Operationally, to identify the types of collaboration from the publication byline, we use the taxonomy of Abramo et al.	3
The results showed that scientific divulgation through social networks contributes to combating the effects of post-truth culture and, consequently, recovering the credibility of science.	4
To assess the articles available from Sci-Hub, we relied on a list of DOls released by Sci-Hub on March 19, 2017.	2
Our findings uncover gender inequality in international mobility across scientific fields and countries.	4
While in ToE which does not follow such policy, the average downloads decreases persistently.	4
This article fills that void by examining authorship patterns by where one works in a stratification of academic institutions.	1
The concept of “the principle of least effort” has been cited mainly by researchers of information behavior and served to support the citing authors' claims.	4
Yet the under-standing of the mobility and patterns of Nobel laureates' scholarly migration remains limited.	1
Ultimately, 69 domain names were processed through the web crawler.	2
Moreover, keywords co-occurrence analysis and burst detection certificated the lack of novel themes in this field, which needs further efforts.	5
A connection via application programming interface (API) was used for data extraction, so the PubMed information was stored in .txt files and then converted to .csv (comma separated values) format.	3
In phase two of the study, we compared the length of application discussions and the costs of the six VR sessions with five FF meetings conducted in June 2012.	3
Another drawback of the present concept is that it is too strict.	0
The experiments are conducted on the American Physical Society (APS) dataset.	2
We fit each sample individually to its own power-law model and calculated the Kolmogorov-Smirnov (KS) statistic for each one relative to its own model.	3
The goals of this study, based on publication time, journal publishing quantity per year and average pages of publication, are to clarify the basic characteristics of the forestry publishing culture and to determine the predictors influencing journal ranking levels—top 50% and lower 50%—with further prediction of how these predictors affect journal position and a discussion of the differences in publishing practices between these two journal ranking levels.	1
Despite being the 50 most cited articles, the most common type of article was the level 4 case series with a poor mean quality assessment score.	5
The number of articles published per year from ML has exceeded that from HK in 2005 and TW in 2008.	4
We carried out a content analysis on a subsample of 210 outputs to explore gender differences in research goal orientation as related to gender patterns.	2
A total of 9977 papers and 82 journals have been studied.	2
In this experiment, we aimed to predict the coauthorship of researchers in computer science.	1
We obtained 2,092,356 papers published between 1936 and 2014 that contain 1,207,061 unique authors and 8,024,869 citations.	2
An ANOVA was used to explore “research productivity" as defined by the number of publications reported by participants in the past 5 years.	3
We categorize metrics into two classes: global (journal focused) and local (institution dependent).	3
The paper tweets were found to be dominated by neutrality (6240 accounting for 50.62%) followed by negativity (4137 accounting for 33.56% of the total paper tweets).	4
Academic rank appears to have a greater correlation with network importance than gender.	5
Thirdly, the study identifies that the observed positive association between temporal diversity and disruption can be primarily attributed to the use of older references.	5
A total of 19 semi-structured interviews were conducted in China with a wide range of academics and stakeholders there[2].	2
These results indicate that there is substantial agreement between the evaluation of research performance based on peer review and values of the h-index based on bibliometrics across a wide range of sub-disciplines in biology (Table 1).	5
Interested readers can find further data, including price, print run and editorial information for specific years from 1665 to 2015, at https://arts.st-andrews.ac.uk/philosophicaltransactions/.	0
Two of the indicators represent excellence, in terms of the number of publications of the author that place in the top 1 and 5 % of world ranking for impact, referring to works of the same subject category and year.	3
We thank Dr Frank Evans for his assistance with the IMPAC II (Information for Management Planning Analysis and Coordination) data collection.	0
The authors alone are responsible for the content and writing of the paper.	0
The results indicate that retraction of articles has no association on citations in the long term, since the retracted articles continue to be cited, thus circumventing their retraction.	5
To identify SBs in a corpus of papers, we calculate the “Beauty coefficient” (B), a parameter-free index introduced by Ke et al.	3
Four strategies were used to identify 696 gerontology scholars in the database of most cited scientists.	3
Excluding the one academic who opted out of the exercise, there were data on 42 academics who had authored 223 papers (1-223).	2
The 340 works on IL in Ibero-America were signed by 728 authors, with the Collaboration Index thus being 2.14 authors per work.	4
Whether and how research training programs contribute to research network development is underexplored.	1
With a share of almost 50% in average APC (2,987USD, see Table 1), the hybrid-OA strategy attributes most to the APC compared to all remaining factors.	5
If using all entities, the score climbs up until k is around 30 then decreases, with k = 31 giving the highest score.	4
In our analysis of research outputs, we primarily use an event study design where the publication output of a lab is related to contemporaneous funding received as well as to leads and lags in funding.	3
The most inwardly influential publications in the 1989–2003 period dealt with the themes of ecological economics (15.6%), and conservation, ecosystems, biodiversity, and species (11.7%).	4
(2014), to aid comparison between the data of the present study and that of the original work.	3
This study employs Brillouin's index to measure the interdisciplinarity of faculty members annually (Brillouin, 1956).	3
Based on the subscription of citation indexes, Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E, 1900-present), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI, 1900-present), Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI, 1975-present), Conference Proceedings Citation Index- Science (CPCI-S, 1996-present), Conference Proceedings Citation Index-Social Science and Humanities (CPCI-SSH, 1996-present), and Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI, 2015-present) under the Web of Science Core Collection are selected.	2
Our analysis of 17.9 million papers across all scientific fields suggests that the highest-impact science draws on primarily highly conventional combinations of prior work, with an intrusion of combinations unlikely to have been joined together before.	5
The increase in productivity in application of bibliometrics in medicine might be attributed to increased use of quantitative metrics in research evaluation, publish or perish phenomenon and the increased use of evidence-based medicine.	5
For each uncertain input, a range of values and a probability distribution were estimated.	3
The following Table A1 reports the number of answers received by country.	0
The average production per researcher per year while participating in a designated research group was 3.47 documents in CRIS, an improvement of 133% during participation in the Knowledge Management Model.	4
We used the full counting method to calculate the number of authors' papers.	3
What are the most significant geopolitical patterns emerging from analysing authors' affiliations?	1
In our approach, in order to generate an aggregation operator, a decision maker has to select four objects (functions), each having a different, but clear and well-defined role.	5
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 417532 []	0
Our publication set was drawn from the Zurich Open Repository and Archive (ZORA), an open archive and repository in which the University of Zurich documents its complete publication output since 2008.	2
Our models explained 66.6% of the variance in citations and showed that quantitative, review, method, and theory articles were significantly more cited than were qualitative articles or agent-based simulations.	4
Qualitative characteristics of each group were also analyzed: percentage of the country's GNP applied in R&D, proportion of Scientists and Engineers per million inhabitants and Human Development Index.	3
In this section, a repeated-measures analysis of variance (rANOVA) followed by predicted marginal means is proposed to test the changing dynamics of research impact upon scholar return.	3
Our results suggest that productive institutions benefit more from OARE and that the least productive institutions barely benefit from registration.	4
La ocurrencia de afiliaciones intersectoriales bajas combinadas con una internacionalización limitada, donde los autores académicos se afilian principalmente a universidades nacionales, puede verse limitada por contratos laborales académicos que normalmente imponen restricciones a tales arreglos (Hottenrott; Lawson, 2017; 2022).	0
In this study, we use the example of already published scientometric analysis of environmental tobacco smoke (ETS) (Vitzthum et al., 2010), a major airborne health hazard (Lightwood & Glantz, 2009; Mena, Ortega, & Estrela, 2009; Meyers, Neuberger, & He, 2009; von Mutius, 2009), to pinpoint repeatingly appearing methodologic artifacts and to provide further insight into ETS research performance.	1
We identify the journals of the leading publishers Elsevier, Springer Nature, Wiley, and the American Chemical Society as journals financially available from the publishers.	2
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 7 times since 2018*	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
After eliminating all the aforementioned cases, the finalised dataset comprised 7,305 publications, whose breakdown by DAs is shown in Table 1.	2
Only full-length articles were included because these are directly comparable units of knowledge production and because theoretical and methodological underpinnings are more likely to be described in such papers than in research notes, editorials, and commentaries.	2
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
For this research, we sent an email to potential end-users of the system with information about our research and a link to an online questionnaire.	0
By searching the journal name “TRANSPORT”, the amount of 704 publications on TRANSPORT are found.	2
In this study we construct a heterogeneous network consisting of authors, tags, and knowledge.	3
Source: Social Sciences Citation Index, 1975 through 1985, and textual perusal of identified articles.	0
Seven authors were responsible for 77 retracted papers.	4
We collected the metadata on published literature from the Web of Science database, as it has comprehensive coverage.	2
It can be easily obtained graphically by determining the largest rank r for which the data point lies on or above the straight diagonal line c(r) = r in Figure 3, yielding h=36 in Zahn's case.	3
As in Table 2, they are not exclusive categories, as the same article may have authors with different nationalities.	0
A Pearson coefficient of 0 means that the 2 data sets are completely independent.	0
Here, we examine papers (4756 in total) published in six selected tribology journals in a six-year window between January 2010 and December 2015.	1
The data used in this study are drawn from European countries involved in both the CAP and EUROAC projects (Austria, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom), subsequently cleaned and weighted in a single European dataset by the University of Kassel team.	2
Namely, we registered the participants from Ibero-American Universities attending ECREA Radio (2013; 2015); Net Station International Conference (2015) and International Radio Biennale (2014), both as speakers or exhibitors.	3
Using bibliometric methods, co-keyword networks, journal co-citation networks, highly cited categories, and country and institute networks are detected, visualized and discussed.	1
Our primary findings indicate that as biomedical scientists advance in age, they become less likely to publish papers that build on new ideas.	5
In this case, new journals which did not appear in previous ranking lists are still excluded from subsequent studies (Truex, Cuellar, & Takeda, 2009).	0
We thank an anonymous reviewer for their comments which helped improve the manuscript.	0
The quote not only emphasizes that scientists build on existing knowledge to produce new ideas, but also that knowledge produced by scientific “giants,” i.e.	0
After searching the three editions of WoS, Science Citation Index Expanded, Social Science Citation Index, and Arts & Humanities Citation Index, data from 696 publications were collected.	2
Motivated by the 20th anniversary of ISF, this paper reviews ISF papers between 1999 and 2018.	1
To cite this article: Peter Kokol (2018) Cybernetics: A Bibliometric Analysis Snapshot, Cybernetics and Systems, 49:2, 95-102, DOI: 10.1080/01969722.2017.1418789	0
We propose to use this case to investigate how HSS research is made ‘relevant.'	1
This poster describes a research project in progress to map the historical and current published and grey literature of the field of knowledge management/knowledge sciences.	1
Received: 16 February 2004 / Accepted: 13 September 2004/Published online: 3 December 2004	0
We find that digitalization has a significant impact on the macroeconomic production function.	5
A Short version of The Ryff Scales of Psychological Well-being by Garcia et al. (2023) with 18 items was used to evaluate the participants' overall sense of well-being.	2
As the undirected research collaboration model in our paper suggests and the empirical evidence underlines, (i) the reciprocal preferential attachment and homophily appear to be the key drivers of IC.	5
Iqbal Azam from the Department of Community Health Sciences, Aga Khan University, who helped me in the statistical analysis of data presented in this paper.	0
We calculate this measure for each individual journal, for each time period t (t = 1970-2009, 1970-1979, 1990-2009, 2000-2009, and 10 two-year subperiods from 1980 to 1999), using Equation (1): %Prolific Author Contentt = Appearances in Journal by Prolific Authorst / Total Journal Appearancest	3
An elongated ellipse labeled “A” is drawn in Figure 3 to enclose these colleges.	0
Second, small-world and scale-free effects, which are mechanisms of an evolving knowledge system (KS), were identified in GEQR's KS.	4
In gynecologic oncology research, we found that OA publication has become gradually more common since its adoption.	5
An analysis of special issue editorials and retraction notes was used to determine the specifics of special issues and reasons for retractions.	3
In our calculation of the number of possible formats, we obtained a staggering number of~6.3 billion possible unique sets of formatting requirements.	4
To achieve this objective, we extracted and analyzed 1852 papers from the ISI Web of Science database.	2
GV acknowledges support from the Swiss State Secretariat for Education, Research and Innovation (SERI), Grant No.	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 67(4):967-972, 2016	0
We perform our analysis using the Web of Science (WoS) database.	2
For the group of low-income countries, scientific productivity failed to explain ECI, by revealing both positive and negative significant and non-significant relationships.	4
The diversity score was calculated using the Shannon diversity index (H'), which accounts for both the number of discipline categories and dominance/evenness of those categories (Spellerberg and Fedor 2003).	3
The analysis of research questions is based on three main steps.	3
Four different approaches were used to retrieve publications related to the seeds: three citation-based approaches, DC, BC and CC, and one text-based approach, RA.	3
Three diversity single-property indicators (namely variety, balance, and disparity) and three typical composite interdisciplinarity indicators (Rao-Stirling index (RS), Leinster– Cobbold diversity indices (LCDiv), and DIV) are used in this study.	3
The statistic is much less for pa than po.	4
Double trouble: opponents of cloning make their case in Berlin last week.	0
It provides a transparent and economical way for research assessment and evaluation because each university does not need to have access to the full bibliometric database, but can use the equation of the distribution and the estimated scaling factors to compare the scientific performance of its different academic disciplines.	5
This paper examines how institutional context has affected Kenyan agricultural scientists' professional lives along several dimensions: Access and use of emerging ICT technologies, professional activities, and scholarly output.	1
Fourth, accepting the number of sold subscriptions as a proxy would result in discrimination against open access journals.	3
2018a) and the Science Mapping Analysis (SMA) (Cobo et al.	3
Continuing from their preceding works, these same authors now intend to apply bibliometric tools to measure the “scientific” competitive advantages of territories.	1
The assessment is broadly functionalist and considers the role of institutions and actors.	3
The 'satellites' class also exhibited a reasonable performance, particularly in the partial and type modes, with the F1 scores reaching 0.5816 and 0.6263, respectively.	4
The SNA analysis was conducted with UCINET 6 and NETDRAW (Borgatti et al., 2002).	3
Overall collaboration and the frequency publications cited together i.e., co-citations, were also analyzed.	3
Keywords Astronomy and astrophysics · Science citation index · Web of science	0
We followed the GIPP classification scheme and clustered 254 subject categories of WoS into six broad areas: Arts and Humanities (HUM); Social Sciences (SOC); Clinical, Pre-Clinical and Health (HEA); Engineering and Technology (ENG); Life Sciences (LIF); and Physical Sciences (PHY).	3
The distribution of the more than 500 authors fitted a Lotka-law pattern, and the distribution of the 105 journals fitted the three zones of a Bradford-law pattern.	4
According to samples of 30,024 articles related to Antarctica, this study reveals the evolution of the scientific outputs on Antarctic research from the aspects of subject categories, major journals, international collaboration, and temporal trends in keywords focus.	1
Greater awareness of the COPE guidelines within the orthopaedic community and more efficient means to prevent the citation of retracted articles are needed.	5
The T5 journals are: The American Economic Review (AER), Econometrica (ECMA), the Journal of Political Economy (JPE), the Quarterly Journal of Economics (QJE), and the Review of Economic Studies (ReStud).	2
Our findings reveal that the presence of multi-authored CERN articles have a significant impact on all bibliometric ranking indicators, and consequently on the ranking positions of the institutions worldwide.	4
In this paper, we introduce the paper-citation histogram in which most h-type indicators could be illustrated with their geometrical interpretation.	1
The project was developed principally using the Python programming language [34].	0
We selected these indicators from the numerous potential measures that could have been used due to their ease of calculation, accessibility and reproducibility or because they are standardized indicators that can be consulted through the WoS by non-bibliometricians.	3
Hence, we also explore researchers' perceptions of five such integrity enablers in this paper: country and university codes of conduct, staff training, mentoring and peer pressure.	1
The humanities, natural sciences, and engineering disciplines have a much lower presence of social media metrics.	4
The "beauty coefficient" B for Dotter's landmark paper was determined as per the equation contained in Ke et al.	4
The data for this study was harvested from the web-version of the database.	0
In this paper, I present a categorization of arguments for counting methods for publication and citation indicators.	5
We obtained the raw data from the publicly accessible NIH Data Book and Funding Facts via the NIH Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools (http://report.nih.gov) as well as from the NIH Office of Extramural Research within the NIH Office of the Director that enabled a detailed analysis of trends in grant applications and awards assigned to NHLBI over the period of 2010 through 2014.	2
Downloaded from jcn.sagepub.com at UNIV OF MASSACHUSETTS on April 10, 2015	0
The goal of this study is to identify whether the Altmetric Attention Score (AAS) is a good proxy for citation counts and whether it can be used as an accurate measure to complement the current gold standard.	1
Hence other factors besides age must have led to the attainment of this status by the HCR in Germany.	5
Three feature selection algorithms, Fisher Score, Relief-F and Spectral Feature Selection (SPEC), are taken to select the important features in the feature space.	3
‘Panel-data' has a clear upward trend and 'time-series' has a clear downward trend.	4
Historic total and fractional authorship averages have been extracted from the Nuclear Science References database, and the current range of fractional contributions has been deduced.	2
To better understand the current state of research in the field of OM performed by OM practitioners globally, a questionnaire survey was conducted to explore factors influencing research interest and productivity and the perceived barriers to conducting research in this field.	1
This objective entails asking the following questions: What topics are those most covered by researchers studying the area of bank marketing?	1
Findings demonstrate that institutions can apply this methodology to track SDG-related publications, to analyze current interdisciplinary publications, and to identify potential interdisciplinary collaborations.	5
The matrix for each city can be visualized as a trip flow diagram.	0
In summary, the list of key technology patents is able to guide technology development routes and key development strategies, thereby providing support for technology demonstration and industrialization.	5
The unit of analysis in this study is an ISPIM research paper with two or more authors.	2
The first step examines individual disciplines' citation characteristics through scientific trading dimensions (i.e., incoming citations, cited/citing ratios, self-citation ratios, and citation dynamics).	3
The computational effort for the ARF metric can be sequenced in 4 generic phases, based on the transformations and operations that the information is going through: 1) content semantic processing and conceptual structure extraction; 2) computing TF-IDF values for extracted concepts; 3) computing the citation relevance weight (CRW) and the semantic similarity weight(SSW); 4) ARF computing, using the iterative Pagerank algorithm, adapted to citation networks.	3
Median bibliometric indicators between a surgeon's primary profile and their cumulative profile were compared using Wilcoxon matched pairs signed rank tests.	3
To provide interlocking perspectives at the career and epistemic levels, we assembled three data sets to measure XD via (i) the collaboration network between 4190 biology and computing faculty from 155 departments in the United States, (ii) cross-departmental affiliations within a comprehensive set of human genomics publications, and (iii) the application of computational concepts and methods in research published in a preeminent genomics journal.	2
The aim of this study is to investigate the extent of book availability in WorldCat libraries across their publication formats and compared to other book metrics.	1
Most libraries in the US/Canada sample employ scholarly communication librarians and nearly half offer workshops on predatory publishing.	4
A possible reason for some countries is a decrease in collaboration with experienced researchers from the USA, UK and France, which may affect the quality of the work produced.	5
In Building and Construction Engineering, conference papers have a much lower percentage coverage; 18.3 and 18.7% of the papers have at least one Scopus citation and at least one Mendeley reader, respectively.	4
Through a structural analysis of the highly cited papers, authors, and institutions in Nature, we found that the magnitude of Nature's IF for 2013 is made up of the combined contributions from many highly cited papers, authors, and institutions, and that the highly cited papers, authors, and institutions are distributed relatively evenly.	5
In order to help with this reporting burden, we have developed the Academic Tracker software package, implemented in the Python 3 programming language and supporting Linux, Windows, and Mac operating systems.	1
While we cannot detect knowledge spillovers from adjacent regions, geographic proximity to the center of initial laser research was conducive to early adoption of laser research; however, the effect is negligibly small.	4
Appleyard is with the Portland State University, Portland, OR 97201 USA (e-mail: appleyar@pdx.edu).	0
This study clearly demonstrates the usefulness of bibliometric data and the significance of careful analysis when combining this type of material with other quantitative data (Van Leeuwen et al., 2001).	5
Text was extracted from journal websites regarding STROBE, 7 STROBE extensions, reporting guidelines CONSORT and PRISMA, and documents/groups concerning transparent reporting: ICMJE, COPE, and the EQUATOR Network.	2
From 1992 to 2011, the total publication output was 6,117, and the annual publication output demonstrated an increasing tendency in the last two decades (Fig.	4
Successful DP projects between 2009 and 2018 (inclusive) were considered as data for this research.	2
School of Management & Economics, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing, China	0
It compares (a) the context of creation, (b) the conception of interdisciplinarity, (c) the integration into preexisting structures and (d) internal organization and planning of the centers.	1
(Colors are visible in the online version of the article; http://dx.doi.org/10.3233/ISU-130707.)	0
This work has been supported by the Consellería de Educación, Investigación, Cultura y Deporte, Generalitat Valenciana (BEST 2016/153).	0
A sample of 40 academic researchers at 4 universities representing 2 different geographic places (England and Wales) was interviewed between August 2013 and February 2014.	2
The most common one, which we adopted, is the cosine similarity measure (Cos).	3
The research reveals that graduating from a top university makes students less likely to become academics, and studying under a top advisor does not necessarily increase an individual’s chances of securing an academic post.	4
On the basis of understanding the structure of the platform research, we also conducted an evolution analysis through CiteSpace software to explore the development process in this field.	3
Inclusion of at least one professor on the author list is strongly associated with publication in high-impact journals, as is inclusion of at least one research scientist.	4
There is a significant treatment effect of OA for journals ranked in Quartile 2, Quartile 3, and Quartile 4, with an average CiteScore growth of 0.206, 0.181, and 0.146 respectively.	4
It is the so-called Generalized Lotka's Law of scientific productivity pattern: The number of authors publishing n papers is about 1/no of those publishing one paper.	4
I am indebted to Drs José Miguel Vela and Francisco Navarro as well as the anonymous referees for valuable comments and suggestions on the manuscript.	0
Journal impact factor and citations as reasons for considering something the best research in the field.	0
The partnering countries orbit around the central node at a greater or lesser distance and their relationship is represented by a line whose length is inversely proportional to visibility.	0
First, we identified hybrid journals through an Elsevier APC price list from May 2020 provided by Matthias (2020).	2
Subsequently, principal component analysis (PCA) and K-means method are utilized for feature dimension reduction and clustering (Ding and He, 2004), determining the optimal number of clusters (k) using the sum of squared errors (SSE) method.	3
We extract papers from the top 32 machine learning conferences and journals compiled in Kersting et al.	2
Professions of belief in human-caused climate change and perceptions of the risks it poses are more convincingly viewed as indicators of an aspect of personal identity associated with individuals' political outlooks than as indicators of science comprehension.	4
Co-citing assumes that both authors are correlated if the frequency with which they are cited together in further works is high; in this sense, if the frequency of two authors cited alongside by the same publication is very high, these two authors will belong to the same or similar research field (He & Cheung Hui, 2002).	3
Specifically, the knowledge space had the most significant share in every country except Singapore.	4
The article is aimed to elucidate the relationship between scholarly papers and their policy mentions by analyzing how the cited scientific articles are mentioned in the policy document.	1
This paper empirically studies the effect of Open Access on journal CiteScores.	1
Further research is needed to determine how well the citing journals are integrated into the disciplinary citation network—whether the citing journals are themselves reputable or not.	5
Different databases were used (e.g., PubMed, Scopus, Web of Knowledge) to retrieve the total number of publications, number of citations, and h-index.	3
The articles were published in 28 dif- ferent journals, with the most popular publication being the Journal of Endodontics (n = 36).	4
Based on the Essential Science Indicators, this study employed a bibliometric method to examine the highly cited papers in the subject category of Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging in Web of Science (WoS) Categories, both quantitatively and qualitatively.	2
The individual institutional analysis of these data began by comparing the psychology codes 17, 1701, 1702, and 1799 across years.	3
As can be seen in Figure 1, there has been a marked increase in interest in scholarship associated with scope of practice over the past half century.	4
2012), we developed a simple template to qualitatively assess a reference's importance to the citing paper in which it appears.	5
We observe that the networks for all journals are scale-free and the paper to citation ratio (nodes to links in Table 1) follows a Power law.	4
In conclusion, although interdisciplinarity enhances citation impact, it appears to be underappreciated in Faculty Opinions.	5
The obtained events orderings (permutations) are mostly congruent with Davis’ ordering.	0
However, closer examination reveals that the variability in rank across the 10 metrics is significantly larger for some journals than others; this article identifies journals for which this is most poignant and offers possible solutions.	4
Distribution of Cambodian scientific production in the top 20 productive Web of Science categories in the Science Citation Index Expanded.	0
The purpose of this study was to examine researchers' practices of using metadata elements in RIMSs.	1
The SciKGraph framework contributes by structuring knowledge that might aid researchers in the study of their areas, reducing the effort and amount of time devoted to groundwork.	5
First, we conducted interviews with two groups of key opinion leaders: (1) medical devices product leaders in industry, and (2) physicians who use the devices.	3
Obtained in this way, assessments of research productivity and performance will be substantially more informative than the currently used citation indexes and characteristics of publication activity.	5
On the other hand, the research fronts clearly can be grouped in three different periods of time in which the fronts reach their maximum number of papers per year: 1990–1991, 1996–1999 and 2004-2007 (Fig 3).	4
The two national organizations selected were the NSFC in China and the MRC in the UK.	2
Medicine was in the forefront of knowledge development in bibliometrics.	5
Finally, this paper maps the academic influence and societal influence of Chinese and American OA journals into a two-dimensional rectangular plane for evaluation and comparison.	3
The five groups of questions resemble the classes of activities in journal contribution statements [29] with five activities per category.	3
(2002) has the highest index value (at 0.13).	4
Our comparison of these two countries suggests that the institutionalization of bibliometrics via expert organizations in the context of decentralized decision making among universities, such as in the Netherlands, generates trust and learning, contributing to increased scientific performance (so-called improvement use of research evaluation, cf.	4
The population in this research has involved the academic researchers from the four selected comprehensive universities in Malaysia, which consisted of the Professors, Associate Professors, Assistant Professors, Lecturers, and the Academic Fellows, together with the library professionals which includes the Chief Librarians, Senior Librarians, and the Library Assistants.	2
This paper analyses qualitative free-text responses from 121 respondents gathered during an international survey of active researchers, to address two main research questions: (1) What are researchers' general perceptions towards research assessment criteria used in review, promotion and tenure processes at institutions?	1
Brian Wixted is Research Fellow and Professor Tim Turpin is Director at the Australian Expert Group in Industry Studies (AEGIS), University of Western Sydney.	0
In the second experiment, we also collected confidential comments from the evaluators explaining their scores.	3
We utilize three sentiment scores: a positive/negative score (POSN), a certainty/tentativeness score (CERT), and a contemporaneity/past score (CONP).	3
Does the average citation impact of collaboratively produced articles vary with discipline?	1
Thematic concepts emphases related to DRM studies were assessed via co-word analysiscoupled with K-means clustering of author-keywords either through multiple correspondences analysis (MCA) or multidimensional scaling (MDS) (Ekundayo and Okoh, 2018).	3
Concerning technology relevance, shown in panel (b), a clear separation emerges between very efficient nations (i.e., USA, Switzerland and Singapore in the late years), Europe and developed Asian countries, and the rest of the world.	4
The UK's Research Excellence Framework (REF) is a system that is intended to evaluate the quality of the research produced by higher education institutes (HEIs) in the UK in three areas: quality of research outputs; impact of this research beyond academia; and research environment.	1
The study shows that United States is the leading country in the computer science field.	4
In this study, we sought to quantify the metrics associated with academic ranks in surgical oncologists who are training surgical oncology fellows at accredited programs.	1
The case in the analysis is the Brazilian Digital Library of Theses and Dissertations (BDTD).	1
Overall, effects of non-scientific features on article citations were consistently weak— all standardized Pearson's r< ±0.2 (Fig.	4
selections in the context of organizational careers, knowledge production and knowledge dissemination.	0
In the next stage, text-based, linked-based, and hybrid metrics were entered into the generalized regression model to estimate the similarity of the articles to determine their power; finally, the performance of the models was compared based on the mean squared error and correlation.	3
Then, we use Borda's (1781) count method, due to its simplicity, for rank aggregation.	3
We aimed to (1) perform an in-depth analysis of the global NSI research activities and to (2) visualize a variety of figures related to NSI research by the use of density-equalizing procedures proposed by Gastner and Newman (Gastner and Newman 2004).	1
Weidema (27324), Jim Fava (26728), Joyce Cooper (26393), Garvin A.	4
We collected all working papers made available between 2015 and August 2021 in the following five working paper series:	2
The 30,000 internal webpages of doi.org with the highest TF value were collected through the Majestic API (Full API plan) as of 26th December 2021.	2
We focus on the university-level Zukunftskonzepte funding line and interpret success in this line as a substantial positive resource shock3 to the winning universities.	1
Acuna et al.’s (2012) equations showed little predictive validity for the sample of researchers in our study.	5
On the other hand, it becomes evident that especially at the level of communication at conferences, traditional gender-specific behaviours do persist.	5
A third success, which we are very proud of, is recently receiving the Karen Hunter Memorial Award, for recognition of our best practices.	4
Domestic tie strength is calculated as the average number of co-publications of an ego and its domestic partners in a period window.	3
This descriptive citation category incorporates a literal fragment of the text in order to bolster the arguments of the citing author.	0
Optimization of the search algorithm led to the complete reassessment of previously published findings on the performance of environmental tobacco smoke research.	1
1 Evolution of the spatial pattern of China's digital technology innovation level, 2011-2021.	0
The aim of this study was to determine and compare MS/ NMOSD research outputs among the SEA countries in terms of established bibliometric indices.	1
HeinOnline identified 3758 or 85.4 percent of the overall HOA citations.	4
Data consists of cases of international collaborations for China-Africa, China and Africa that were obtained through a bibliographic analysis.	2
All seven metrics are significantly (p<.01, two-tailed tests) and strongly correlated with each other with the lowest values well above 0.80.	4
The most important parameters of the citation network node are its centrality parameters (degree of importance).	3
While we found evidence for some increase in the quality of top UK research articles, a 10-25% increase in the top 10%ile papers, depending upon the metrics used, we could not find evidence to support a 103% increase in quality.	4
The codes used in the results below relate to the participant's panel (Main panel = PO; Sub panel 1 = P1, and so forth) and their evaluation responsibilities (Outputs and Impact (OutImp); Impact only (Imp); or Output only (Out)).	0
Our findings reveal that the impact mission has become central to understanding the motivations and values of academics, but unevenly.	4
These habitus formations hold across the two generations, but the lines between them become blurry in the new generation.	4
Thus, it can be argued that, on average, 3.88% of all analysed articles have one or more duplicates.	4
In total, 508 researchers across all areas of Japan completed the survey, reaching well over our minimum sample target.	2
Received 27 April 2009; Revision submitted 19 June 2009; Accepted 26 June 2009	0
Based on this previous qualitative research (Nicholas et al.	2
Among articles published in journals which have been listed in SSCI during 1993-2016, titles were searched for the term "open access journal".	2
The goals of this article are to compare the evolution processes of scientific relatedness in the USA and China and explore the impact of relatedness on scientific output in the period 2000–2013.	1
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
This study aims to provide a general perspective on the academic structure of the journal and the course of research in the field of gastronomy with the use of the bibliometric analysis method.	1
Data collection was carried out in the last week of May 2019.	2
The experimental results indicate that the JDC calculation method can efficiently detect differences in journal research content.	5
Investigating the properties of these topics, we found that papers on clinical studies are the ones with more chance to be cited and published by reputable publishers.	5
The most cited paper is the classical article on data envelopment analysis published by Charnes and Cooper in 1978 in EJOR, which has received almost 4,000 citations.	4
Science mapping includes 'citation analysis, co-citation analysis, bibliographic coupling, co-word analysis and co-authorship analysis'.	3
The authors adopt extracted entities on the type of gene/protein, which are used as proxies as topics, to keep track of the development of topic popularity.	3
50.1 ± 0.8% of papers sent for review).	4
The retrieval sets for the analysis are scientific papers mainly about formal, informal, web and internet learning through which the most productive journals were chosen for the sample.	2
Through this procedure we generated a sample of 200 text passages within 100 academic articles that cite 100 HBR references and 100 academic references.	2
The study will not be published elsewhere in any language without the consent of the copyright owners.	0
We used three computational tools to map Vallarta's production: Network analysis to determine how his fields of interest changed over time from 1924 to 1962.	3
Although Turkey dominated the field in the number of articles, it was not at the forefront in the average number of citations.	5
Policymakers should take into account using incentives that promote long-term sustainability objectives, including tax exemptions or subsidies for businesses embracing environmentally friendly practices, thereby improving the effect of green investments.	5
Journal title lists for Web of Science and Scopus are publically available (Scopus; Thomson Reuters).	2
184 retracted papers in MBE journals were identified in 2005–2015 (no retraction was found before 2005).	4
Therefore, certain editors of high-ability sometimes try to demonstrate their manuscript decision abilities by skipping some necessary external reviews that are part of the evaluation process.	5
The collaboration network of JE preserves its small-world properties in the 1998-2012 period and ET has similar properties.	4
P. Edelman for his tenacious assistance in gathering the data, the Science Abstracts senior staff members Mr.	0
Given that the unit of analysis was the academic article, a set of variables was established for each unit that depended on the number of authors.	3
The World Bank provides the number of scientific and technical journal articles3 for all the countries around the world.	2
The authors thank our reviewer for highlighting the need for an article-level analysis, and for attracting our attention to the limited neuroscience contribution in the initial models.	0
We find a citation crossover cx, which distinguishes the strength of the reputation effect.	4
More theses were published than expected on orthopedic trauma, adult reconstruction and arthroplasty, sports injuries and arthroscopy, shoulder and elbow surgery, foot and ankle surgery in the training and research hospitals (p=0.003).	4
This overrepresentation of public law scholarship in citation databases produces unrepresentative measures of scholarly impact for many subdisciplines within the law.	4
These academics often led the departments that were either created or reconstructed in the 1970s.	0
8 and 9 enables to see that low impact metrics characterizes clusters 1 and 2 (EEC, RBECT, ECTR and ARECM).	4
Since the main objective of research activity is to produce scientific advancement we require an indicator that can represent such advancement.	0
The purpose of this work is to examine articles in the four “retailing” journals from 2009 through 2015, and provide an update to the assessment of scholarly productivity since 2008.	1
Eleven separate bibliometric markers were recorded for Clinical Otolaryngology over a six year period (2006-2011).	2
In this background, during the period 1993 to 2019, the most productive period in terms of themes was P2:2000-2004, with a total of 20 themes.	4
The objective of this study is to determine the accuracy of these alternative web mention indicators in the Spanish academic system, taking into account their complexity (multi-domains) and diversity (different official languages).	1
The online version of this article can be found at: http://rsw.sagepub.com/content/early/2010/05/24/1049731510369141	0
Furthermore, we found that the rank of authors and their roles in papers follow three general patterns according to the nature of their contributions: (i) the total contribution increases with author's rank; (ii) the total contribution decreases with author's rank; and (iii) the total contribution is symmetric, with most of contributions being performed by first and last authors.	1
We measure the trend in the temporal evolution of the different plots using the least square method.	3
Interestingly, male and female academic dermatologists along with assistant and associate professors had similar mean RCR scores.	4
Data refer to publications from the year 2011.	2
For research 2 universities, Tables 3 and 4 show that the Elsevier journal bundle is priced competitively with most of the nonprofit bundles, whereas the prices of the other commercial publishers’ bundles average two or three times as high as those of either Elsevier or the nonprofits.	4
In order to isolate the treatment effect from journal quality, we include the one year lagged H-index of a journal into our regressions.	3
For example, our analysis reveals seven major contributions which appeared within the sixties: Englert and Brout (1964), Higgs (1964, 2 papers), and Guralnik et al.	4
This research presents the descriptive analysis of a systematic survey of North American library and information science (LIS) faculty about their attitudes toward and experience with OA publishing.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
The UC healthcare system departments reported 433 faculty physicians among the four specialties, with 71.6% (n = 310) earning more than $100,000 in 2008 and classifying as top earners.	4
The concept of productivity used by AA combines our concepts of productivity and impact.	0
Even if the share has not risen continuously, there is a clear tendency towards internationalization starting in 2002 with 14.1% internationally collaborative publications leading to 21.7% in 2013.	4
The application of the indicators to the Italian academic research system enables identification of strengths and weaknesses at the level of fields and disciplines.	5
The use of burst detection algorithm in this study infers that the emerging words both in the abstract and titles of the South Asian ICT-based articles are ‘behavior’, ‘homo’, 'select' 'spectra', 'excit', ‘state', and ‘IR’.	4
Using data from a survey of doctoral students at one large institution, this study finds that men submitted and published more scholarly works than women across many fields, with differences largest in natural/biological sciences and engineering.	1
Michael Obrecht is a former Director of Special Studies at the Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR).	0
We were able to build a bibliometrics database using ten sources of information: Web of Science (WoS) in all Databases (Web of Science Core Collection, Derwent Innovations Index, KCI-Korean Journal Database, Russian Science Citation Index, SciELO Citation Index), Scopus, Google Scholar, Clase, Periodica, Humanindex, Infobila, PubMed, Scielo (https://scielo.org/ es/) and Latindex.	2
The new 'good factors' list provided in Table 3 is led by personality factors, communication, productivity, and interpersonal trust.	4
(a) What is the gap in academic influence between Chinese Open Access journals and globally recognized Open Access journals?	1
We combined full and fractional counting, providing the methodology used in our work with more consistency.	3
For this analysis, we collected a dataset of 326,345 papers, published in 1987–2017 in the top 10% source titles of the following fields: Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering, Aquatic Science, Social Psychology and Archaeology.	2
To explore this question, we chose a journal and downloaded the full texts of all its articles published in 2014 and manually examined the acknowledgment sections.	3
This result suggests that the emergence of a research community of environmental engineering does not necessarily involve extraordinary growth in research output.	5
Systematically reviewing all radiology journals included in the largest abstract and citation database, we identified key patterns of radiology journal business and publication models.	5
RQ2: What are the dominant topics and fundamental ideas in the articles of the ECECSR journal, and how do they reflect the changing priorities and trends in academic research in the fields of cybernetics and economics over time?	1
There was no statistical significance in the difference of H-indexes at promotions between male and female faculty.	4
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Source: CREST analysis of own version of the Web of Science database (February 2021).	2
Data were initially sourced from the American Geosciences Institute's Directory of Geoscience Departments (Keane, 2021) and cross-checked against department web sites to ensure that the information was current and accurate.	2
Department of Gynaecology & Obstetrics, Vienna University Medical School, A-1090 Vienna, Austria (L Hefler email: lukas.hefler@akh-wien.ac.at); and Department of Obstetrics & Gynaecology, Baylor College of Medicine, Houston, Texas	0
These users may tend to be more senior and may be more likely to be based in a richer country, for example.	0
We designed an algorithm leveraging the Crossref public and free source of bibliographic metadata to comb the literature for preprint–publication links.	1
Our study explores whether major UK public and charitable health research funders support the research of UK-based scientists producing the most highly-cited research.	1
Therefore, this study proposes and answers the following research question: In journal ranking surveys, what is the impact of order in which journals are presented on the raters’ perceptions of these journals’ contribution to the field?	1
We looked for disciplines that at some point in our sampling horizon have shown interest in economics and/or other social sciences.	0
Research question 1a: What is the motivational profile of the research scientist?	1
Concretely, the simpler, more user-friendly interface of the Biblioshiny application was used to avoid the programming language used in R.	3
For this paper, we focussed our attention on two large subject areas—astronomy and astrophysics, a physical science often thought to be dominated by men, and oncology (cancer research), a biological science where women are expected to play a relatively greater part.	1
Out of the original cohort of 72 original papers, 51 publications (index articles) were quoted 235 times in 109 papers within the 2 calendar years following their publication, with a median number of quotations of 1 per quoted article (range 1–9).	2
This article is intended to continue the conversation about improving peer review standards and provide guidance to journal teams looking to improve their standards.	1
It demonstrates that the EDINT of LIS to various disciplines shows a parabolic trend over time and there is a peak mostly concentrated in 2002–2007, especially in 2004–2005, which means the papers published in 2004–2005 have the highest knowledge diffusion intensity.	4
And two research directions (modern monsoon and paleomonsoon) had been found in the visualized citation diagram for high-cited papers on monsoon research.	5
Thus, the present study, using SNA measures, aimed to observe the co-authorship network of authors that published their articles in Journal of Research in Medical Sciences (JRMS).	1
Keeping in mind the interrelationships among level of annual citations, time of maturity, and the impact of a journal, let us look at the record.	0
This study bridges a gap in emerging topic prediction by offering a topic perspective and advocates for considering topic and domain characteristics as well as economic, medical, and environmental impact when studying emerging topics in the biomedical domain.	5
In the next step, I focused on the types of publications included among the uncited and also among the total papers produced by the above two groups of authors.	3
Finally, Persson's Party Clustering algorithm [28] was applied to identify research clusters based on the exist- ing topic groups; these were labeled with concept terms that broadly described the aspects addressed.	3
The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and approving it for publication was Claudia Raibulet	0
Such “long jumps” are more likely to be made by above-average talented rather than merely productive researchers.	4
As a result, we are motivated to conduct a bibliometric study of the research published on TRANSPORT with regard to its status quo and emerging trends.	1
Hence, the results provided by this analysis could act as a stepping stone for experts to design a roadmap for mental health research during the pandemic.	5
2, the means of academic technical efficiencies range in value from 23.35% for Human Resources Management to 39.19% for Operational Research, when outputs measures come from the WoS database.	4
This data set was extracted from ACL Anthology [26] with the citation graph.	2
Our study showed that ASES fellowship faculty are exceptionally productive and produce highly impactful research when compared to physicians in other specialties and the general scientific community.	5
Without loss of generality, we focus on the h-index and its variant the WL-index in this article and do not discuss other indices and their variants.	0
The dominant ethical climate type perceived collectively at the three university schools (response rate 49%, n = 294) was Laws and professional codes, which is associated with the cosmopolitan level of analysis and the ethical construct of principle.	4
By searching the Core Collection in Web of Science, we finally obtain 4449 related documents between 1998 and 2015.	2
The paper also aims to explore if institutions specializing in some discipline or those located in big metropolitan cities get higher women participation as compared to others.	1
T] where T < ∞ such that at t = T the project is completed and the manuscript is submitted for publication in an academic journal.	3
We present an empirical analysis of a set of sixty-six articles published during the period 1984–2013 that use data from all waves of the European Values Survey.	2
This study was based on the data available on the websites of the Medical Council of India and the National Board of Examinations.	2
The first approach consists of calculating sigma-convergence of comparative advantages for each research area across all countries, and across old and new countries separately.	3
Received March 2, 2008; final revision received June 10, 2008; accepted June 16, 2008.	0
This study has shown that linguists rely heavily on books and monographs for their research, though citations may be found to books in other fields that assist in providing context to their investigations.	5
candidates to academia with his or her own academic contacts and influence, could make the Ph.D.	4
In 2018, 32 (78%) met the benchmark of at or above world standard.	4
Female authors had greater representation in seven topics, including information seeking behavior and school libraries/information literacy, while male authors were more prevalent in seven other topics, such as information retrieval/models and algorithms and information ethics/philosophy of information.	4
We found a large well-connected community, which encompasses 70% of researchers, and 49 other small isolated communities.	4
During the co-institutional analysis, it is observed that American institutes are in the dominating position from the perspective of cancer research articles.	5
fabrication and falsification of data, plagiarism and authorship issues were a universal phenomenon.	4
The results of the segmented regression analysis are shown in table 1.	4
The process to develop relevant keywords began by mining author-defined keywords from research articles published in predefined source titles in Environmental Science in order to produce a set of preliminary keywords.	3
These findings, which disclosed contact lenses to be a fertile area of research, may be of interest to researchers and institutions.	5
This study presents a detailed case of the Chinese and U.S. pharmaceutical patents and investigated advancements that the global pharmaceutical industry is experiencing.	1
Then a topic search using the keyword ‘Positron emission tomography’ was performed of these papers [5,6].	2
Also, the instructional design impact of a given article cannot be measured in this manner: although the instructional designer could be using the information from a study in practice, this would not necessarily result in a citation of the article.	0
The US remains the most preferred international partner for the two countries.	4
Table 7 Average difference in performance, by percentile ranks, between top scientists identified on the basis of ICI and the rest of the population: analysis by disciplinary area.	0
The estimation of the model is based on the characteristics of our data, resulting in estimations using cointegrated regressions.	3
Note: This table discloses the procedure adopted to arrive at the final corpus of articles for review.	0
Based on the examination of authorship types in the publications studied in this paper it is clear that a gap exists between the practitioner and academic sectors in Spain.	5
On the other hand, we found that OA oncology journals have higher proportion of the documents that have received at least 1 citation (i.e., percent cited), and higher SNIP, a sophisticated metric that intrinsically accounts for field-specific differences in citation practices, compared to oncology non-OA journals.	5
Based on software diffusion indicators (paper diffusion breadth and journal diffusion breadth) proposed by Pan et al., (2018), the following tracking and context metrics have been obtained (Table 2).	3
Nevertheless, taking into account the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita, China and Spain are remarkable countries.	4
This is intended to locate the results within a more meaningful context, although the reader is cautioned from drawing direct comparisons between this and other bibliometric studies.	0
After obtaining the data set, the number of keywords in 7,040 papers is 34,290, of which 15,686 are keywords.	2
On this basis, this study examined the correlation between price levels of medical services and income levels, and further investigated the impact of price differences on utilization of medical services and medical expenditure.	1
In the second stage, the size of the descriptions associated with the nodes of F are bounded, generating a new binary tree T.	3
In this paper we return to the issue, but extending the scale and disciplinary scope of the population under observation, and also deepening the investigation in several respects, by testing: (i) the correlation between the citedness of a publication and the impact of the host journal, not just overall, but also at field level (RQ1); (ii) whether such correlation varies among researchers within each field (RQ2); (iii) whether this JIF-citedness correlation is stronger for highly cited rather than for lowly cited authors (RQ3).	1
Although RI is gaining more and more attention, and is recognized today as a concept different from RE in many European countries, some countries still need to separate the policies and processes aimed at RI and RE.	5
The purpose of this study is to compare the overlap in the Chinese most productive authors found in WoS and in a national Chinese bibliometric database, and describe the differences observed according to disciplines.	1
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
However, it is not only a question of relationships that distinguishes scientometrics from other metrics fields but also its weak roots in mathematical statistics.	5
Translational studies were the most frequently published topic of research conducted in North America (25%) and Asia (25%), but of only average frequency in Europe (9%).	4
The simulation results are indicative of the efficacy of the methodology even when the assumptions of the GLM model specifications are not violated, in the presence of unbalanced data.	5
However, there are moderate to high correlations between initial downloads—defined as downloads made during the first year after publication—and total downloads, suggesting that it is possible to forecast total downloads according to initial downloads.	4
Our results showed that productivity in basic sciences and engineering are the ones with stronger correlations with economic complexity (Jaffe et al.	5
In what follows, we will discuss how this solution addresses the kinds of social biases discussed earlier.	0
This study in turn triggered a specific analysis on the scientific production of civil societies organizations (Lopez-Olmedo et al.	0
To help investigate whether this could be a practical and universal solution, this article compares 19 million citations with DOIs from six different standard sections in 799,055 PubMed Central open access articles across 21 out of 22 fields.	1
These findings shed light on the use (and misuse) of methodological recommendations, offering insight into how we can better improve our digestion and implementation of best practices as we design and test research and theory.	5
To weigh the scientific outputs of language and literature fields and determine the significance and position of application of each, the analytical hierarchy process (AHP) method was used.	3
Further analysis of the independent associations of grant types, total awards in million dollars, and other covariates with grant productivity outcome measures was carried out using the machine learning method of Breiman’s random forests.	3
Five factors can be measured—the number of authors, the number of affiliations, the number of references, the number of pages, and the number of keywords—were selected.	3
This paves the way for several normalization procedures to perform reasonably well in reducing the effect on citation inequality of differences in citation practices.	5
Failing to reject the initial hypothesis (that smaller companies utilize OA articles more than large companies) supports current anecdotal evidence that many SMEs suffer from high journal prices (Lyman, 2011).	5
At the same time, however, it is also striking that the social science topics appear to be much more diverse than the engineering projects.	4
Titles of the matched articles were 109.3 characters (± 37.1) long, included 4.7 (± 2.4) uncommon words, and 21.8% (47/216) were ‘declarative'.	4
The present study traces the growth and development of online e-theses repositories in Asia within the broader framework of open access.	1
For the biomedical research papers, the Actual Citation Impact (ACI) was calculated as the number of citations received by a paper in the five years beginning in the year of publication.	3
The results of this research showed a strong orientation towards Slovakian and Czech authors regardless of the two analyzed groups.	4
For their maximum academic degree, it was observed that 49.2% (90) of the participants had a Ph.D.	4
Altmetric.com has provided the data for this study (i.e., a June 4 201.tar.gz file), which contains 4.5 million publications in JSON format.	2
The continuous quantitative variables with normal distribution (m-index and NIH funding amount) are presented as mean ± SD and compared using 2-tailed Student's t test.	3
2008 was the first year in which the majority of articles published in DOAJ journals were published in gold open access journals.	4
A National Institutes of Health-funded research team served as a sample.	2
(2) Not all scientists' IRO can be differentiated using C11 and C31, because some scientists have the same performance.	4
After data cleaning, CLIS ultimately recognized 3081 valid keywords, 575 important scholars in the discipline, and 12,005 semantic associations between keywords and scholars.	2
The main objective of our analysis is to demonstrate the new framework using scenarios with relevant parameters, and time horizons to quantify total carbon stocks, and these findings can also contribute to implications for the forestry and construction sectors.	1
The Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics has shifted its ranking by seven places from 10 to 3, the Econometrics Journal has moved from 7 in Table 1–10 in Table 4, and the remaining six journals have shifted by one or two places in either direction.	4
(2) Controlling for other determinants of citations, is there a relationship between author gender and the citation counts of an article?	1
A list of all journals that published at least one item categorized as "history” from 2010 to 2019 was generated.	2
All data were collected from the 2010 Journal Citation Reports (JCR) and the SciVerse Scopus database.	2
Using the collected data, we construct a 2-mode bibliographic network N P-r (‘publication-researcher’ networks) with partitions of vertices equal to P and A.	3
By exploring the tension between Robertson's idealized picture about how the referee should behave and the desire to promote his intellectual agenda, I show that the evaluation criteria that Robertson employed were contextually dependent and I argue that, in the 1930s, through his reports the referee had an enormous power in defining what direction future research should take.	3
The e-preferred collection policy, which is escalated by the global COVID-19 pandemic, does not cater to the needs of East Asian scholars and students.	5
To compare like-with-like, the citation to a particular article was compared to all other articles in the same field and from the same year of publication-allowing the determination of the worldwide “percentile” of that article.	3
We are particularly grateful to Jeff Biddle, Nicola Giocoli, Stephan Hartmann, Rainer Hegselmann, Paul Humphreys, Chiara Lisciandra, Thomas Sturm, Paul Teller, and two anonymous referees for feedback on earlier drafts.	0
Our findings indicate that the majority of research-intensive universities across the United States have implemented RCR training plans that fail to meet at least five of these best-practice criteria.	5
Exploring a new set of data for the period 1970–2010 in Portugal, this paper focuses on the analysis of flows of doctorates, with the ultimate goal of helping to promote the absorptive capacity that emerging regions and countries worldwide need to acquire to learn how to use science for economic and social development.	1
The statistical data of this paper comes from the online publishing database of CNKI academic journal.	2
Academic publications containing the URL string “vosviewer.com” were retrieved from Google Scholar using the Publish or Perish v7 software13 (patent documents included).	2
Here W(p, P) is a nonnegative function defining the weight (relevance) of the link from P to p.	0
The Russian segment of scientific journals, which is largely associated with the Russian Academy of Sciences, is considered within the global informational and analytical resources Scopus and Web of Science and the respective bases of statistical data Scimago and Journal Citation Reports.	1
In this paper, exploiting a natural experiment that quasi-randomly allocates new peers to departments, we first provide causal evidence of the existence of peer effects.	1
Scaling up open access publishing through transformative agreements: Results from 2019 to 2022	1
1/4th of the citations to the retracted papers are self-citations which themselves are retractions.	4
Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.	0
A Pearson's correlation test was performed to establish the association between the categories by the frequency of the common keywords and is presented below Table 3.	3
Our findings of gender differences and similarities in network positioning provide insight into the international and interdisciplinary structure of scholarly collaboration.	5
Using the implementation of Blondel et al.'s (2008) algorithm in Pajek, five clusters were robustly distinguished (Q = 0.27).	3
Finally, a corpus containing 3500 citation text fragments and 14,000 sentences was generated.	2
Regression was used to assess the relative contributions of the different authorship factors to the publishing journal citation rate.	3
We use social network analysis to investigate collaboration networks and to calculate network statistics for different disease groups.	3
Across all 200 schools within the top tier of the national university category, what amount of ranking change should be considered a meaningful difference, and what should be attributed to “noise”?	1
We posited that qualitative data from interviews with scientists from the two countries would help us to understand how co-operation can best take place in the context of historic differences and changing internal dynamics.	1
Publications from substantive journal articles, reviews and proceedings papers published in peer-reviewed journals were included in the data extraction; hereafter referred to as 'papers'.	2
It tracked the sample for analysing on one side the visits and downloads of the e-theses, whose data are obtained from the statistics module of the repository, and otherwise for analysing the data citation provided by Google Scholar Citation on these e-theses.	3
Our paper contributes to understanding the possibilities and limits of the use of social media indicators as potential early indicators of the impact of scientific work.	5
In order to review the MCAs dedicated to melanoma, we conducted the current study to focus exclusively on the MCAs in an attempt to provide a bibliometric perspective of melanoma-related researches.	1
Clustering revealed key areas such as cold chain logistics, supply chain [68], frozen storage [69], refrigeration [70], post-harvest loss prevention [71], and cold chain [72].	4
We augmented the corpus by searching additional databases for particular material types: Web of Science and Dimensions for peer-reviewed articles and editorials; Dimensions for conference proceedings and grey literature; BASE for peer-reviewed and grey literature; Overton for policy documents; and Nexis</DATABASE> for media stories and press releases.	2
Other research has documented that dissertation citation patterns are at least partially predictive of faculty citation patterns, making the findings of this study applicable to serving faculty research and collections needs in the department, as well.	5
A selection of 17 international journals that focused on the field of general surgery or dealt with high-level interdisciplinary medical topics was examined.	2
As with the other article under discussion, I am dissatisfied with the focus of Humphreys et al. on formal hypothesis testing.	4
The network of collaboration between these three countries and other countries revealed a significant level of international collaboration, where the triangle of the USA, Germany, and Italy was highlighted.	5
This study uses a social constructionist-grounded multilevel mixed methods approach to identify social dynamics and mechanisms within a transdisciplinary team.	1
Most of the authors of articles that cited predatory journals were from the United States (n = 250, 30.9%), followed by Australia (n = 100, 12.4%), and Sweden (n = 67, 8.3%).	4
We shall focus here on a natural crossroads of the two approaches, the meso-level.	1
The Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection (www.webofknowl edge.com) provided by Clarivate (Philadelphia, PA, USA) was used in this study since it is one of the most comprehensive databases, which (1) provides journal articles published from science citation index (SCI) that have high impact in the sciences, and (2) exports publications into the bibliometric-altmetric data structure, enabling researchers to build up search terms in the advanced search section to retrieve all relevant and irrelevant publications.	3
this case study highlights some challenges specific to promoting ORCID to an audience of law school faculty.	1
The resulting data set contained 2,083 patent families applied for in the period 1990–2011.	2
The second goal of the current research is to examine the common practice of summing all of the ATC scale items (e.g., Hardigan 2004) as this research practice would be inappropriate if the instrument measures two or more constructs that are only weakly or moderately correlated (e.g., rs <.50).	1
Among the Altmetric indicators of knowledge diffusion, View and Discussed have a substantial promotional effect on the social impact of papers, while the impact of Save and Recommended is indirectly demonstrated via View and Discussed.	5
Table 1 lists the total of worldwide full-time researchers (FTE) by year, of which the number in 2015 is underestimated because of missing data for several major countries such as France and Singapore.	2
To demonstrate the practical application of these concepts and methodologies, a case study using U.S. utility patents related to chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy is conducted.	2
The mean journal impact factor from Hong Kong (1.46) was higher than that from Taiwan (1.42) and Mainland China (1.33).	4
Hence we argue that predatory publishing can be productively studied as a convex mirror of the output-driven academy.	4
This study did not involve any animals and thus did not require any institutional ethics approval.	0
Articles were qualified for inclusion by meeting (1) scientific criteria and (2) a clinical importance rating threshold.	3
Data on the use of consortia SD, SL and W were collected for the 2010–2014 period.	2
The third is to empirically examine the comprehensive impact and heterogeneity of DTI on enterprise output and carbon emissions.	1
Saunders and an anonymous reviewer for detailed and constructive feedback on earlier versions.	0
The source of data for the present bibliometric study is Thomson Reuters WoS which annually indexes articles available in more than 8,000 science and technology journals published from different parts of the world.	2
The methods employed included snowball and purposive sampling.	3
For a list of OA mandates adopted by universities, research institutions and research funders refer to The Registry of OA Repositories Mandatory Archiving Policies (ROARMAP) at http://roarmap.eprints.org/.	0
The captions below network snapshots record the time interval, the number of nodes, the number of co-citation links, and three thresholds.	0
This study analyzes international collaboration papers listed in Web of Science from 2011 to 2015, published in the field of Public, Environmental and Occupational Health.	2
We hypothesized that there would be strong correlations between the H index and academic rank among full-time academic craniofacial surgeons.	1
These patents may also be the ones with innovation supported by academic research outcomes in a more significant manner.	0
The general pattern that can be observed in the correlations reported in Table 3 is that 2-JIF and 5-JIF are very strongly correlated, with all of the Pearson correlations above 0.94.	4
Detailed studies of the countries/regions that exhibit the impact of high citation in the international collaboration papers of China are conducted.	0
We selected those articles with a published history over 240 days of publication as the data set, including 99 Non-OA articles and 66 OA articles.	2
Most of the articles were on subjects related to immunology (1274; 49.9%) and allergy (1229; 48.1%).	4
Principal component analysis (PCA) reduces the data dimensionality and represents two spaces: the variables space3 and the sample space (Husson et al., 2010).	3
Results of the study revealed that Iranian researchers have contributed to 1449 papers from 265 journals, ranked this country as having the second largest contributor after India.	4
Table 1 Number of articles and publication shares by authorship type in every scientific field, and percentage distribution of all articles published in 1998-2002 by scientific field.	0
DEA [57] represents an established management science approach to multi-attribute rating of peer entities [58-60], in our case journals.	3
It should be noted that our quantitative results confirm the contribution of A.	5
Further, the study analyzes citation and publication structures followed by the identification of most prolific authors, articles, institutions, and countries.	1
Based on a retrospective and selective search, we have obtained the bibliographical references (title and abstract) of academic production on LIS in the database LISA in the period 1978–2014, which runs to 92,705 documents.	2
There were 63 members (as on 14 July, 2020), and out of these, 50 reviewers are found to have Google Scholar profiles.	2
that would help them learn research ethics on a wide range of topics such as plagiarism, data-handling, and ethical decision-making, the same topics that participants identified as being of concern and/or challenging to resolve.	4
So far, it is presumed that no fractionalization has been done.	0
To track temporal changes, we divided data for the period 1986–2010 into five 5-year time periods.	1
Keywords: PubMed, NLP, MeSH, bibliometrics, time series, machine learning, bibliometrics, citation analysis	0
Globally, the most common pathway to overcome paywalled articles (see Figure 1) was trying to find an OA version of the document (avg=3.95, SD=1.16), followed by social alternatives such as asking colleagues from other institutions (avg=2.8, SD=1.22) or reaching out to the corresponding author for a copy of the document (avg=2.71, SD=1.21).	4
Most of the foreign-educated professors get their undergraduate education from high-income countries.	5
Therefore, in this study we examine the ISPIM network relationships with social network analysis (SNA) method by analysing co-authorship patterns.	3
The mechanisms used are discussed in detail in the following paragraphs.	0
The top 3 for h-number were The Royal Free Hospital (21) Wythenshawe Hospital, Manchester (18) and Morriston Hospital (17).	4
controls, monitors, actuators) or computing devices and the human central nervous system.	5
This study draws on qualitative multi-level data that comprise institutional-level policies, recruitment and staff protocols, job postings and individual-level interviews and focus groups with Selection Committee members.	2
This study analyzes the diversity of scholars' research contents by taking the knowledge entity as a proxy.	5
The study also highlights the significant geographical disparities in gender studies, with a concentration of research emanating from high-income regions, particularly North America and Europe.	5
What is the average age of the cited items in these grant applications?	1
In Brazil, the Empresa Brasileira de Pesquisa Agropecuária - EMBRAPA (Brazilian Agricultural Research Corporation) was the institution with the highest number of papers published (4,742), representing 17.4% of the total publications in the country (Table 2).	4
A relevant finding regarding international economists is that both lay prestige and academic prestige are high and, apparently, mutually dependent.	5
In the case of Table 1, the four most attractive projects are: 4, 10, 11, and 12.	4
Here we focus on junior scientists by examining principal investigators (PIs) whose first application to the NIH was within the previous three years.	2
I am surprised at the extent of this immediacy phenomenon and what to indicate its significance.	0
This study examines how academics and librarians in Irish higher education engage with ORCID.	1
They do this by encouraging entries of new scientists into their scientific field, and also by helping direct increased funding resources from the public sector to their field.	5
In Clinical Medicine, articles funded by both the public and private sectors had significant higher values for NP than the rest, as in Life Sciences and Physics, which also showed greater values for Q1.	4
This study examines the use of visual data analytics as a method for historical investigation of national Webs, using Web archives.	1
The median [interquartile range] number of citations for total publications from 2010 to 2014 was 1594 [708-4048] per program and 743 [331-1321] per faculty member.	4
My model draws on two sources of empirical data to calibrate two distinct features of the model.	2
The COVID-19 pandemic had a limited effect on the timing of manuscript submissions to JPCH.	5
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the "Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Our results suggest that gender disparities in science lessen in wealthier countries.	5
1A and Table 1), the percentage of papers declaring joint first authors rose sharply between 1990 and 2000 and then again between 2000 and 2012, from 0–2% in 1990 to 25–36% in 2012.	4
This suggests that “striving institutions” - those that have faced the greatest competition to improve their standing relative to their peers - have benefited by hiring and retaining highly productive faculty without regard to their gender.	5
These figures suggest that biblioleaks, as imagined in the essay by Dunn et al.	5
Readers who cited the near-duplicate paper after the erratum had been published were either unaware of the correction, or ignored it.	4
We conducted a bibliometric analysis and collected publication data from 1980 to February 6, 2015, in the Web of Science Core Collection.	2
Trends in research, journals of publication, subject areas of research, keywords most frequently used, countries of publication, international collaboration, and trends of funding research were also analyzed.	1
When collecting a number of citations, we recorded results from All Database, which included citations from WoS Core Collection, BIOSIS Citation Index, Chinese Science Citation Database, Data Citation Index, Russian Science Citation Index and SciELO Citation Index.	2
From the figure, it can be observed that eigenvector centrality (EC) of all these keywords ranked higher.	4
The decline in publication activity accounted for by previous collaborators of the star is large, on the order of 20.7 percent (column 2).	4
The data extracted in each document were the following: (i) Year of publication; (ii) Title of articles; (iii) Authors and; (iv) Association of each author's SSGP.	2
In summary, the paper highlights how public-private partnerships govern knowledge development by managing division of labor and reinforcing knowledge.	5
For instance, the proposed mean cumulative impact factor clearly shows a more stable behaviour and could help researchers to perform a better publication strategy, if they know that this index is going to be used for the research assessment by the funding institutions.	5
The data set comprised articles on COVID-19 indexed in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS CC) downloaded four times between 1 April 2020 and 1 June 2020.	2
The numbers of COVID-19, COVID-19 vaccine, and COVID-19 variant research outputs between January 1, 2020, and January 31, 2022, were 216,787, 16,748, and 2777, respectively.	2
Lack of funding, language barrier, and perceived bias were acknowledged as barriers to research and publishing.	4
Using the hierarchical clustering method, with the clustering step being set up at one level, 12 clusters (named Cluster 1 to Cluster 12) were obtained.	4
Finally, we used a multi-dimensional fractional logit regres-sion model to estimate the impact of gender and other individual-level and institutional-level independent variables on gender homophily in research collaboration.	3
This search was conducted in January 2021 and covered all years up to and including 2020.	2
It has been carried within the IRCCS Ospedale Pediatrico Bambino Gesù (OPBG), specifically focusing on clinical trials, and it aims at measuring the benefits that clinical trial participation produces on a community of researchers in terms of research capacity development, scientific knowledge production, researchers reputation and career development.	1
Para mostrar la evolución, tanto de la propia revista como de las distintas comunidades se han utilizado los siguientes indicadores:	3
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
This paper analyses the following seven sub-fields of Sustainable Energy Research with respect to the influence of proceedings papers on citation patterns across citing and cited document types, overall sub-field and document type impacts and citedness: the Wind Power, Renewable Energy, Solar and Wave Energy, Geo-thermal, Bio-fuel and Bio-mass energy sub-fields.	1
Two key questions are addressed: first, the current role of such journals in the scientific publication system is determined through bibliometric analysis across various disciplines.	1
The framework incorporates three novel indicators that quantify a technology's technical potential and social impacts, not just in one specific technological area but in a wide range of domains.	1
The second main use-case searches PubMed and Crossref for publication information, given a list of publication citations.	3
Ninety recent Nobel laureates were in top 100,000 scientists in terms of c, and 45 recent Nobel laureates were in top 6000 scientists in terms of c.	4
According to a survey of the 308 OA journals published by Chinese learned societies, 55% make content OA immediately upon publication (no embargo is applied) and 91% do not charge APCs.	2
Our key indicator, r, measures the ratio of GS citations over WoS citations.	3
Received 14 August 2023; Received in revised form 16 January 2024; Accepted 15 February 2024	0
The selection process led to a final sample of 214 scholars (see Table 1).	2
Multiple studies across a variety of scientific disciplines have shown that the number of times that a paper is shared on Twitter (now called X) is correlated with the number of citations that paper receives.	1
This section presents the slopes and correlations resulting from regression lines fit to each of our 23 data sets under various analytic options.	0
The problem addressed by the present work - the impact of large research collaborations on the publications and citations ascribed to a researcher and the consequences for individual-level evaluations - constitutes an important problem for evaluative scientific production.	1
Table 4 shows that 28% of journals don't charge APCs and our analysis found that small publishers, probably operated by associations and universities, are more likely not to charge APCs (although there is almost 50% of SpringerOpen titles with no APCs).	4
This study showed that compared with many fields, the number of corrections in LIS was small.	5
This study identifies the major programs in science education.	5
The main purpose of this study is to propose a new method to find important knowledge domains for developing an innovation strategy and analyze the relationships among three actors-science, technology, and research policy.	1
To calculate the retraction inflation rate of an affected Chinese university name, we multiplied the count of its affecting university names by 100 and then divided it by the total number of retraction data entries obtained through a data query in the RWDB for the affected Chinese university name.	3
Section 2 of the paper places the current study in the context of the existing literature, whereas section 3 describes the data collection process and the data available for analysis.	0
Among these, 13 journals have been the subject of the present study.	2
All other comparisons revealed non-significant differences including English-language journals originating in the US versus English-language journals originating elsewhere (0.340, 95% CI–0.304-0.984).	0
There was significant difference in the proportion of research-based publications between the four journals.	5
Combined mixed-effects regression analysis was performed to compare general medicine and radiology journals.	3
And of course the extent and relevance of the data obtained through them.	0
Among the explanatory variables to be considered are the number of articles in a journal, the average number of citations per article (impact factor), the date of download, and the academic discipline to which the journal is devoted.	3
To examine biomedical editors’ experiences of their interactions with peer reviewers and authors.	1
A total of 8410 papers were retrieved including 7808 articles and 602 reviews.	2
Here we necessarily disregard other layers to the notion of knowledge community we have been discussing, such as values, normative and social control aspects.	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
A modified sampling graph convolutional network algorithm was put forth to obtain sample labels of real-world communities, which was further used for community detection together with users' social and attribute features collected from the Weibo platform regarding the hot event "Wu Yanni's false start" during the Hangzhou Asian Games.	3
The lack of close cooperation among scientific research institutions may have affected the industrialization process of surgical robots.	5
Another important achievement consists in successfully implementing and testing the natural language processing tools (Standford Core NLP and Tropes) that provided the input data for calculating the semantic similarity of the scientific discourse.	5
S p given x ∈ {C, D} estimates inconsistencies.	3
Search strings combined terms about OS (e.g., open access, preprints, open data) with terms about COVID-19 (e.g., COVID-19, coronavirus, pandemic) in English, German, Portuguese, and Spanish (the languages spoken by members of the research team) Results were filtered by date (December 2019–December 2022), language, and source type (scholarly literature, grey literature, blogs, mainstream news media, meta-journalistic media, higher education/science press, and professional publications).	2
If too little information is provided about the research, reviewers may end up not having sufficient details to recommend its acceptance.	4
Scores received from grant review experts were independent from later publication activity.	4
Relevant scientific works were cited by the members of the entire community regardless of their membership in any particular camp.	5
Sixteen videos (52%) described caveats about using the h-index, with potential disadvantages to early researchers the most prevalent (n = 7; 23%).	4
All countries indicated in the address field were taken into account.	0
Number and characteristics of all publications for each author were analysed with descriptive and inferential statistics.	3
We found that around 39 journals make up the core journals of articles associated with Mexican bioinformatics (Table 1, and the complete list in Table S1).	4
The study included all patients who visited the ED from Jan-Jun 2015 that were transferred to the ICU, and were in shock, as determined by sBP <90, diagnostic code or vasopressor use.	2
The COVID-19 CNICs were downloaded from the GitHub website [28] for 33 provinces/metropolitan cities/areas in China on 23 November 2020 (see Appendix A).	2
For economics and business administration, the results are presented in Table 4.	4
The latest motor themes in psychology have been the means for creating insights (e.g., skills, improvisation, and executive functions) and emotional intelligence.	4
Specifically, Aij represents the credit share of a?	3
Departments of Neurological Surgery, 4Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, and Center for Skull Base and Pituitary Surgery, Rutgers New Jersey Medical School, Newark, New Jersey; 2Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Wayne State University School of Medicine, Detroit, Michigan; and Department of Neurosurgery, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah	0
Worldwide, research hotspots include the relationships between Picea and environmental factors, and the genomic sequences of Picea.	5
Unlike previous studies, our findings suggest that neuroscience can be considered the most influential trend in scientific psychology.	4
Another 45 per cent were under a hybrid model combining subscriptions and OA with APCs, while 15 per cent were entirely Gold OA (the majority of which charged APCs).	4
The emergence of small-world and scale-free network structures shows two well-known examples of process models in statistical physics.	0
In 1st phase, online quantitative survey was conducted, and data was collected through structured questionnaire (Appendix A) from head/university/ chief librarians.	2
This coefficient is constrained to be 1 to scale the latent variable (university structural commitment to IDR)	0
We developed a system for coding the responses based on how well journal policies complied with the COPE guidelines.	3
*Reprint requests should be sent to Douglas Peters, Program in Social Ecology, University of California, Irvine, Calif.	0
The study found that the research output and impact are the most important factors in predicting the centrality degree of a university in a collaborative network.	5
To assess whether the gender compositions of submissions directly influenced the results of the RAE 2008, we derive a set of quality indicators and other factors that may influence the RAE outcomes.	3
We examined three databases and one directory/index for predatory content.	2
We did not set out to obtain a sample that would be representative of the country affiliation or gender.	0
A Google Custom Search API is used to search the details of papers published in hijacked journals (title/authors/affiliation) and provide links to where similar texts were published.	3
Access provided at 24 Nov 2019 16:37 GMT from Reading University (+1 other institution account)	0
Note: With the exception of "Reader Interest," Section B, all values are statistically significant at or beyond the .05 level.	0
Globalmente, el INCan exhibe un perfil cienciométrico de una productividad media alta e impacto normalizado por arriba de la media mundial.	5
Ithaka S+R has been surveying faculty since 2006 on topics relating to research, publishing, and teaching.	4
The number of articles, as well as the number of authors within each article, in PubMed has constantly risen over the past half-century and incremental rates have also increased since the year 2000 (Fig.	4
Among others, the study uses the total number of papers and citations in order to measure productivity and influence, the cites per paper and the h-index (Alonso et al.	3
The first approach is to apply the independent-sample t-test, comparing the statistical difference between NPs and BPs each year, as well as the statistical difference between different disciplines and different citation time windows of NPs and BPs.	3
This distinction is important to verify whether the external information provided by TodoBR can be used to improve the results.	0
There are not yet enough OA mandates to test further mandate conditions that might contribute to mandate effectiveness, but the present findings already suggest that it would be productive for existing and future mandates to adopt the three identified conditions so as to maximize their effectiveness, and thereby the growth of ΟΑ.	5
First, for our primary analyses of the 2006 wave of the SDR, we employed ordinary least-squares regression models with robust standard errors, and we incorporated the survey weights to account for the sampling design.	3
The graphical description of the data is shown in Figures 1 and 2.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:425905 []	0
Keywords: Open Science; Open Scientific Knowl- edge; Social Agents Open Participation; Open Dia- logue with Other Knowledge Systems	0
For the present study, we focused on the two categories of referred papers that are acknowledged in computer science: papers published in journals or in the proceedings of workshops and conferences (Chen and Konstan 2010; Freyne et al 2010).	2
We propose that future leaders and stakeholders in research and scientific education (AAMC, ACGME, NASEM) encourage neurosurgery residency programs to integrate more robust and protected non-clinical time to foster formalized research during training for the future biomedical workforce.	5
To complete our research goals, we analyzed a sample of solar energy articles during the year 2004–2010 in Web of Science database (WoS).	2
We can evaluate the first research question by comparing the correlations between (a) each stated preference metric and an appropriate size-dependent citation metric, and (b) each stated preference metric and an appropriate size-independent citation metric.	3
In this study, the Web of Science is used to give an overview of coverage of conference proceedings as well as advantages and pitfalls of their usage in bibliometric analyses.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at http://www.emerald-library.com/0022-0418.htm	0
This autoethnographic study examines email invitations for health researchers to publish in journals outside their expertise, exploring implications for interdisciplinary research and knowledge production.	1
This article explores the effects of the Mexican National System of Researchers (SNI) on social science researchers' scientific output and publication practices.	1
We thank Ronald Rousseau for suggesting the application of Gini coefficients and helpful advice and discussion during data evaluation and manuscript preparation.	0
Descriptive statistics and means and standard deviations were calculated for each of the statements.	3
Color versions of one or more of the figures in the article can be found online at www.tandfonline.com/WSTL.	0
Once the user submits the data file, it is uploaded to the server, analyzed, and visualized.	0
Regarding the subject field researchers that belonged to, 54% of respondents came from the physical sciences (international, 24%), 26% from biosciences (international, 25%), 16% social sciences (international, 43%), and 4% humanities (international, 7%).	2
For primary measures of democracy, we use the V-Dem panel data (Coppedge et al.	2
Content from this work may be used under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 licence.	0
The objective of this study is to analyze the 100 top-cited articles on ASD using a systematic search strategy to provide (1) visual representation of the most dominant article subjects and research domains, (2) diagrams illustrating the association between articles based on their subjects and major topic medical subject headings (MeSHs), (3) a prediction model of article citation frequency based on major topic MeSHs, (4) a list of authors who contributed to the field of ASD, and (5) the clinical significance of the most cited articles.	1
The most commonly used 226 keywords were selected, using PC-ORD 4.20 software hierarchical cluster analysis to determine categorize the development periods for coastal flooding research (McCune and Mefford, 1999).	3
Based on results, there are total 342 key publications in discipline of medicine in 2001–2010, and 149 ‘swan groups’ and 2 ‘associated-sleeping-beauties’ are discovered, as shown in Fig.	2
Eleven of the seventeen CRs in Table 2 also occurred as peak papers in the RPYS-CO analysis using Becke (1988) as a marker paper in the previous subsection.	4
The total number of them was 2495 faculty members from 23 governmental universities and 17 private ones.	2
Among the articles examined, most were produced in the United States of America (USA).	4
What are the major topics of current oncology research?	1
The interview participants are scientists in the fields of biology, biochemistry, medical and chemical engineering, physics, mathematics, and geo-, nano-, and computer science.	2
Correlation analysis on the empirical and simulated networks shows strong relationships among the metrics.	3
Utilizing the COVID-19 2020 data set, a valued adjacency matrix was constructed in UCINET (Borgatti et al., 2002).	3
However, we are aware of the difficulties in making such comparisons, due to the lack of common categories.	0
The impact of network brokerage on journals' structural influence will increase over time.	4
The research questions focus on the following: What are the salient themes and hot topics in TQM in healthcare research field?	1
It can be found that 2,080 papers published by Mainland China scholars have never been cited, accounting for 24.35% of the total number of papers published from 2001 to 2013.	4
I have studied the influence of RC on the impact of scientific knowledge of the publications classified as articles, (if an article received other document type classification, it was not considered) considering all Web of Science categories, published by the scientists working in countries belonging to the EU–27 plus the UK, Norway, Switzerland, Serbia, Turkey, Iceland, North Macedonia, Ukraine and Israel.	2
A Spearman's rank-order correlation was run on the data (excluding comments left by publisher accounts) to determine the relationship between the number of articles published by each journal each year and the proportion of those articles to receive at least one comment.	3
The analysis of 5,827 documents revealed that 128 countries, 23,127 authors, and 6,349 institutes published on the pandemic.	2
The JSTOR corpus includes documents from over 2,500 journals spanning social science, natural sciences, and the humanities.	2
On the other hand, the so called unweighted strong composite indicator (USCI) does not allow for any compensation, and thus, it is used to point out bad performances in certain individual indicators.	3
On the whole, the hypergraphic micro-dynamics are tilted toward repetition.	4
Data collected from the questionnaire were analysed using percentages.	3
In the Iranian and Indian contexts, the most frequently observed scenario involves faculty members free-riding from research students.	4
Particularly, the “rising” and “normal” groups are found to have some directionality regarding download and citation counts, occupying 63.59% and 56.65%, respectively, in which the bilateral relationships dominate.	4
The evaluation of academic outputs is substantially different from that of technological developments.	5
Correlations between Twitter coverage and Twitter citation rates with traditional bibliometric indicators for journals were positive and significant, with rates between .223 and .312.	4
The goal of the survey was to assess how researchers' participation in clinical trials impacts on research capacity development, career improvement, health benefits, knowledge production.	1
In our study, we used data collected from DBLP [17].	2
This study proposed a two-step solution to tackle the task of emerging research topic prediction.	5
Of course, there is also another equivalent definition of step-based research indices via hook-shaped sequences, as indicated by Theorem 4.6(ii) and Lemma 4.4.	5
This study aimed to apply social network analysis (SNA) and an authorship-weighted scheme (AWS) to inspect the association between MeSH terms and IRA.	1
The article analyzes possible financial effects of Gold Open Access based on article processing charges.	1
Combining social media and citation indexes, we used five indicators, including Cited (C), View (V), Save (S), Discussed (D), and Recommended (R), to describe the comprehensive index of a published paper.	3
The third column of the table denotes the average difference of MSE on the test set.	0
Moderate correlation between GS and WOS h-indices was noted R = 0.46, p < .001.	4
Further, we only included utility patents in our sample, excluding the other types of patents, such as Design, Plant, Reissue, and Defensive Publication patents, for several reasons.	2
does not show worse performance than journal Jj on the basis of the citation matrix, then it is not ranked lower, in addition, it is ranked strictly higher when it becomes clearly better.	3
On the other hand, the modest number of publications by Vietnamese authors was reportedly linked to Vietnamese social scientists' heavy reliance on collaborative work as non-leading co-authors: for an entire decade (2008–2017), the average author assumes the leading role merely in two articles, and hardly ever published alone.	5
However, closer inspection of the submissions behind the data reveals that the one with the largest N value, and that corresponding to the rightmost point in Fig.	0
To empirically evaluate the proposed model, we drew on a sample of 110 researchers who attended the annual European Academy of Administration (EURAM) congress.	2
Academic metrics of research output were collected for 4015 faculty members at the top 50-ranked-university-based and the top five-ranked-hospital-based departments of surgery by NIH funding.	2
The analysis of the priority research agendas was done with information from the SCTIE-MH's Health Research Platform.	2
Despite the considerable variation in citation metrics among researchers and disciplines, there was broad consistency in the strength of the relationships between citation mass (Arel) and loge years publishing (t) across disciplines (Fig 1), although the geology (GEO) sample had the poorest fit (ALLR2 = 0.43; Fig 1).	4
More important than the actual numbers of papers in the first quarter of the century is the fact that Mexican science showed a continuous, albeit small, presence in the international databases during this period of the greatest political instability in the history of the country, caused by the revolution of 1910–1920.	0
Finally, a valid data of 18,198,902 articles and reviews were acquired, in which 1,139,450 of them were multinational authorship papers that had 1,619,248 records of authorship lists.	2
Table 2 shows the top publishing authors who have published at least three studies in our sample (including individual and coauthored papers).	0
Publication patterns of natural resources graduate students from nine U.S. universities were compared across seven decades in an effort to assist graduate students and faculty members in setting realistic expectations for publication.	1
We thus compared scientific output of German departments of cardiac surgery with nonsurgical cardiology departments and surgical departments not addressing the heart (general surgery) of 34 universities in Germany.	1
uncorrelated, for cases 20-6, 25-6, 24-20, and 25-24).	4
The prestige of hiring departments was ranked with a quartile system, which entailed the use of multinomial logit regression models.	3
The authors wish to thank two anonymous reviewers for their thoughtful and positive suggestions made on a previous draft.	0
In total, 12025 entries were identified from all databases, and 1369 remained for assessment after the removal of duplicates and screening as seen in Figure 1.	2
Does automatic feedback provided by the system affect students' plagiaristic behaviours?	1
Our study applies a mixed-method approach to assess the relevance of quality criteria used in performance-based research funding systems (PRFSs) in 10 countries.	3
We provide a comparative study of editorial decisions for papers submitted to two peer-reviewed journals: the Journal of the Serbian Chemical Society (JSCS) and this MDPI Entropy journal.	1
We record the basic information such as publication titles, authors, countries and journals by using the analysis tool in the WoS.	3
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
Of all the articles, 75,550 (46.0%) were poorly cited, of which 25,650 (15.6% overall) had no citations.	4
JCR-indexed MDPI-journals (edition 2018, released 2019) were selected for the analysis (53 out of 218).	2
Goal 4 was not reached in terms of establishing an educational program, but rather in the sense of fostering the capacity building of young researchers.	4
Although 90 universities made returns to the Business and Management unit of assessment, Buckinghamshire New University entered only two category A faculties, and therefore, in line with the RAE2008 rules, their overall research quality profile was made public but the component profiles for outputs, environment and esteem were not.	2
The academic contribution by Taiwan EDs has shown improvement with regard to quality, quantity, and breadth.	5
This study shows the sub-field differences in LIS, and any evaluations based on categories should consider the sub-fields and their different characteristics.	5
The master journal lists of Web of Science and Scopus are publicly available on their websites and were updated in June 2020.	2
This means that the publication process is sometimes tilted in favor of in-group members, at the expense of research quality.	5
Finally, we assessed the impact of retraction on co-authors’ level of collaboration.	4
The authors declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Given the correlation between some of these attributes, we performed a multicollinearity analysis using the VIF method.	3
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The results show that the number of co-publications between two given countries increased when scientific domains are considered together or separately.	5
In the details of the administration of the focus groups, we followed the protocols and recommendations of Krueger (2000).	0
Across the period of this study, China started off with very high levels of OA, with 90% of articles from corresponding authors based in China published OA in 2019 (see Fig.	4
This study follows the approach of analytical sociology which focusses on the mechanisms leading to social phenomena (Hedstr?m, 2005; Hedstr?m & Ylikoski, 2010).	3
When projects were classified under the six priority topics we found that 763 (63%) of 1208 projects funded at national level were within the area of therapeutics, versus 185 (15%) in transmission, 131 (11%) in diagnostics, 53 (4%) in interventions, and only 37 (3%) in environment and 39 (3%) in surveillance.	4
This paper was presented at the AOTS ASM 2016 and the AOA ASM 2016.	0
They offer a Bachelor of Science in Agriculture with concentrations in food science, food technology, and food and culinary sciences, as well as M.Sc.	0
We use publication metrics and expert panel reviews to examine trends in scientific outputs among 73 fisheries and aquaculture research projects.	3
JNS: 1.61 for 2016 and 1.62 for 2017 ?	4
These findings provide evidence is that a major consequence of open access policies is to significantly amplify the diffusion of science, through an intermediary like Wikipedia, to a broad audience.	5
Our analysis revealed that the average gap between publication and retraction time was 1.89 years, which is shorter than the retractions in other fields such as nursing and midwifery (2.3 years) (15) and life science research (3.8 years) (9).	5
In this study, temporal trends in source normalized impact per paper (SNIP) values [6] for the three top-ranking nursing journals were analyzed and compared.	1
Based on ideas of a hierarchy of the sciences, the study also examined whether researchers from natural science fields were advantaged in achieving AAS fellowship relative to researchers from fields toward the social science end of the hierarchy.	1
Responses from the students we interviewed seemed to suggest that OA was more appreciated for allowing easy access to knowledge already produced, but not as a system for facilitating knowledge production.	4
USA led the number of publications (N = 548/2,177 articles; 25.17%), followed by China (N = 358/2,177 articles; 16.44%).	4
A promising perspective to address the issue of societal impact is opened by asking "impact for whom", or trying to define which are the social groups that are potentially interested by the research.	1
A total of 1412 research articles were published over a duration of 46 years, as shown in Figure 2.	4
A retrospective pre-post quasi experimental design was implemented on HCWs within King Hussein Cancer Center (KHCC).	3
The tenth anniversary of a journal is also an opportunity to look back at the papers published so far and which sources (i.e., cited references) were most influential.	1
Hence from the results, we agree with Leydesdorff [11] that the compatibility of indicators reflects that the researchers, academician from the field of behavioral science and information scientists can consult JIF, ES, CS, SJR, SNIP and H-index as an alternative to each other for the assessment of the journals.	5
As seen in Table 4, only a handful of tertiary institutions in Nigeria have institutional repositories and most of the repositories are hosted by the Directory of Open Access Repository (University of Nottingham, 2015).	4
Several document types were published in totally 32,665 outputs under "*monsoon*" topic on July 16, 2019, from 1900 to 2018.	2
Retain a certain portion of grant funds for non-mainstream investment.	3
This research note tried to uncover the 1991 phenomenon from the perspective of database limitation by probing the limitations of search in abstract/author keywords/keywords plus fields of WoSCC empirically.	1
1 Department of Communication, Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, Getafe, Spain	0
Due to its popularity and a large number of preprints we chose BioRxiv/MedRxiv's collection of COVID-19 and SARS-CoV-2 preprint papers.	2
The obvious starting point for the assessment must be African Innovation Outlook III (AU, 2019) that presents data for 23 AU member states.	2
This study aims at composing interinstitutional research teams by considering characteristics of both research institutes and their members.	1
* One record were found that the field “source” was empty.	0
According to the results of our study, AAS weakly correlated with citation count (r2=0.0973; P=.002), whereas PlumX score strongly correlated with citation count (r2=0.8911; P<.001).	4
It appears that larger facilities receive higher website quality scores, perhaps because of greater resources for marketing.	5
Figure 5 Knowledge map of top 20 keywords with the strongest citation bursts.	0
The results show that Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Delhi, West Bengal, Karnataka, and Uttar Pradesh are among the top contributors, in that order.	4
The main notation and relevant mathematical symbols used in the text are summarized in Table 2.	0
Such data covers five patent offices: the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), the Intellectual Property Owners association (IPO), the European Patent Office (EPO), the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) and the Japan Patent Office (JPO).	2
A question is posed concerning the assessment and ranking of journals using bibliometric indicators that constitute the basis for making administrative decisions on the development of Russian scientific periodicals.	1
This study attempts to specifically investigate the papers published by BJRBE that focuses on the road and bridge engineering related issues in Baltic countries.	1
Researchers with a higher CP were mostly 40–50 years old; however, even for this sub-group, the mean CP was only 3.07.	4
Our source data for this study were SCImago Journal and Country Rank's portal which contained journals in Elsevier's Scopus.	2
This work assessed the validity of such equations in a sample of Spanish psychologists, including researchers in some areas of the neurosciences (biological or cognitive psychology) and in other areas of the social and behavioral sciences (social/organizational psychology, educational/developmental psychology, clinical psychology, or methodology).	1
Figure 1 Cumulative total Spanish journals in Web of Science over time.	0
Plagiarism is an important ethical and misconduct issue underappreciated by both authors and institutions, and dedicated education programs are needed.	5
This work addresses the issue of quantifying interdisciplinarity by proposing a method to rank scientific publications (such as papers and patents) and their producers (scholars, inventors, institutions, companies, and countries) according to their scientific impact and its breadth over different scientific disciplines.	1
We then apply cosine similarity to measure the research topic similarities between the authors’ collaborators.	3
An interesting way to characterize within cohort heterogeneity is to use an “intellectual Lorenz curve” to quantify the inequality of contributions in each cohort to the aggregate flow of peer-review publications.	3
After obtaining the estimated value of Ak, the log-linear functional form Ak = ko can be fitted to the estimated Ak to find the attachment exponent a.	3
The central question this study aimed to address is whether OA journal articles within a particular subject area experience a citation advantage, in comparison to subscription journal articles in the same subject area.	1
Data collected for each article included article type, number of authors, and number of institutions.	2
Using data crawling techniques to collect 1021 Candidates' dissertation and using optical character recognition to extract information about the institution, supervisor(s), publications, and personal characteristics of the Candidates.	2
We evaluated the difference between the normalized citation impact as corresponding author and that as non-corresponding author, applying paired t-tests both for international and for national collaboration.	3
The objectives of the present study are: To assess ORCID availability in articles indexed in the PubMed database, year by year, over the period 2012–2020 in the categories of articles and authors, To analyze the overall ORCID implementation levels in journals indexed in PubMed, To assess ORCID availability in articles indexed in the MEDLINE database using the WoS Platform provided by Clarivate Analytics, year by year, over the period 1966–2020 for the purposes of comparison with PubMed, To compare the ability of PubMed and MEDLINE to retrieve researchers' output using ORCIDs as queries, To assess ORCID availability in articles indexed in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) to analyze trends in disciplines and source types.	1
To study this, this article proposes an important concerned factor of topic selection-topic popularity, to examine the relationship between topic selection and team performance.	1
In conclusion, the automatic syllabus search method gives a new way to estimate the educational utility of books in a way that sales data and citation counts cannot.	5
Specifically, we examine whether biomedical scientists who are early in their career are more or less likely to try out new ideas in their published papers than those who are later in their career.	1
The goal of this study was to understand the state of pediatric surgery scholarship at all ACGME-accredited Pediatric Surgery training programs in the United States.	1
All analyses in this paper come from a research project funded by the Wellcome Trust and reported in Webster Lewison and Rowlands (2003).	0
The most often cited reasons for retraction were plagiarism, misconduct, and redundant publication.	5
To create our regression models, we used a random sample of 275 of the 1,510 journals for the training data.	2
Our proposed equivalent time and resultant E-index have added an efficiency dimension to bibliometric analysis.	5
In addition to this, the present research has invalidated the hypothesis according to which SI editors “fill up” issues by accepting substandard papers, as intraissue variance in citation scores for SIs is either lower than or undistinguishable from those of RIs published in the same year and field.	4
Cerebrovascular neurosurgery was noted to have the highest D-Index at 3.4.	4
Here, we examine to what extent citation data from the two databases reflect the scholarly impact of women and men differently.	1
Results are presented in general with occasional references to individual sites.	0
Among all the results, it is evident that the models perform better when they are tested using the test data set of the same FoS as compared to others.	4
Using the Scopus data, we performed an unadjusted categorical analysis to characterize the articles and a 2 time point analysis to compare articles before and after 1995, the median year of publication from each database list.	3
LISREL (J?reskog and S?rbom, 2012), a software program designed for conducting structural equation modelling, was employed for this analysis.	3
After the critical analysis of state-of-the-art literature review, we intend to rank these parameters using Logistic regression and evaluate whether the h-index variants elevated the award winners of prestigious scientific societies or not.	3
Collaborations or Consultations with Museums (25.3%) were the most common attributed impact types indicating researchers collaborating with museum curators for collection management, policy making and strategic planning.	4
The final stage of the study involved sorting participants into meaningful, mutually exclusive groups using the 16 survey items to estimate a latent class model (McCutcheon, 2011).	3
We first identified five tandem sets, each consisting of an open access mega-journal and the premium journal(s) it supports (Table 1), by using information provided on the websites of the journals.	2
The other dimension of research performance, research impact, was measured by the newly constructed measurement average weighted citation (AWC?).	3
The longitudinal analysis confirmed that the variability of the complexity decreased over time in both the collaboration and knowledge structures.	5
We refer to the first dataset, pulled using TRS keywords, as the KWSet and the second dataset, using publications from TRS grantees, theTRSAwardeeSet.	2
We found that there are five large clusters in the biomedical area in terms of the number of theses as the edges.	4
To shed light on this void in the literature, I studied NASA's efforts to design the Space Shuttle between October 1968 (when NASA sent out a Request For Proposal to potential private actors) and February 1972 (when NASA designed the first reusable spacecraft).	1
This study surveyed the current framework of OA publishing in economics and examined the behavior and perceptions of a sample of economics scholars with respect to RA and OA scientific journals.	1
Along with the proliferation of Open Access (OA) publishing, our interest focused on the evaluation of the methodological quality and the quality of reporting of studies published in OA and non OA journals.	1
We also extracted the ORCID ID as reported by Scopus.	3
The above line in each cell indicates correlation coefficients with Library Print Holdings and the line below indicates that of Library Electronic Holdings	0
Direct correspondence to Pierre Azoulay, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sloan School of Management, 100 Main Street, E62-487, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142.	0
In this study, we conduct a network-based comparison of citation topology of six bibliographic databases.	2
This study guides future research, informing evidence-based nutritional interventions and advancing cancer care practices.	5
This study researches and uncovers the development of platform's studies from 1978 to 2018 by bibliometric analysis.	5
The rise of bibliometrics poses a significant risk to the scholarly endeavor, but with foresight we can maintain scholarly integrity in the age of bibliometrics.	1
In this context Shanghai rankings serve merely as a specific example to illustrate the method.	1
The study identifies the most productive authors, institutions and countries and develops a general analysis of the publications and citations of the journal.	1
We labeled publications in the top 5% of one feature, time-rescaled PageRank, as high-impact.	3
Moreover, we identified a concerning lower citation impact for articles (co-)authored by ECS, which we suspect is the result of the limited scope of studies conducted by ECS, the lack of reputation within a research area (especially for first-author ECS), and the use of novel approaches, which may require additional time to translate into high citation rates.	5
It is obvious that a positive value implies citation advantage of OA papers, while a negative value signifies their citation disadvantage.	0
I argue that Polonioli (Scientometrics, 2016, this issue) provides no new evidence to show that Open Access is beneficial for the social sciences and the humanities.	1
The general results of the study shed light on future studies in terms of determining the research interests and trends of publications in the field of educational technologies, EAIT.	5
In total, 206 students from 99 programs were included for analysis.	2
We implemented Algorithm 1 using Python based on pgmpy2 package.	3
We exploit a linear random effects model to evaluate the extent of the association of the above-mentioned non-scientific features via-à-vis the quality of a given publication with its scholarly impact (e.g., Rabe-Hesketh & Skrondal, 2022).	3
BHS set out to "redo and extend the [Butler] analysis" (van den Besselaar et al., 2017).	3
12 See the footnote in Table 3 for a more detailed explanation of this finding.	0
In this paper, we present a technique that, given a biomedical article r as the target, retrieves highly related articles for r.	1
This paper aims to examine the relationship between economic complexity and scientific production while identifying which areas of knowledge hold to this relationship best.	1
The views expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, the National Institutes of Health, or the US Federal Government.	0
The economic power of a country indicated by the GDP showed a positive correlation with the volume of adult hip publications.	5
Northcutt, Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139 USA.	0
To determine if the timing of manuscript submissions to The Journal of Paediatrics and Child Health (JPCH) changed following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and to determine if the timing of manuscript submissions influenced editorial decisions.	1
Firstly it is found that only about 24% articles from India published during last 5 years are available as legal open access.	5
Analysis of the improved h index obtained from the Scopus site, reveals a clear bias towards large universities, due to neglecting the number of researchers (Ns) in calculating the h index.	4
The substantial number of publications on COVID-19 in IJO indicate the seriousness and widespread consequences of this disease and the inquisitiveness to find solutions to combat it through sharing personal experiences and research on this topic.	5
To test our expectations about these mechanisms, we build upon 29 one-hour long semi-structured interviews conducted with members of the local communities of the specific field of CERN-based particle physics, in the four selected research governance contexts (13 UK, 7 Sweden, 4 Denmark, 5 Netherlands).	2
John Wenzler is Dean of Libraries at California State University, East Bay; e-mail: john.wenzler@csueastbay.edu.	0
These factors input a large random variation in the process of publishing time, and unfortunately, they cannot be accurately examined.	0
In contrast, the IV point estimates in column (8) indicate a negative impact of research spending on the average number of forward citations to patents, though again the point estimate is not statistically significant.	4
1 Centro de Investiga??o e Interven??o Social, Instituto Universitário de Lisboa (ISCTE-IUL), Lisboa, Portugal	0
Nearly two-thirds of the articles in this study cite some form of government information, and the average percentage of government citations is 5.38 of all citations.	4
It seems that the FFa score is able to recognize appropriate articles for clinical practice better than citations and this is logical because citation practice is restricted to authors' activities while the suitability of an article for clinical section should be investigated from the practitioners' points of view.	5
To be able to compare the results, the units on the horizontal axes of figures 1 and 2 are the same.	0
COVID-19 vaccine research topics and hotspots focused on populations' attitudes towards vaccination, immunity-related information analysis of spike proteins, the effectiveness and side effects of the COVID-19 vaccine, and the public management of epidemic transmission.	4
In conclusion, overall K-index performs better than h-index and completing-h.	5
Direct approach to path analysis is possible and can be done in present or previous versions of PAJEK.	5
Secondly, the number of papers published in each period was approximately equal.	0
Interestingly, both the SEA countries and universities exhibit a trend toward increasing their yearly research productivity and citations.	4
The article concerns an analysis of records registered in Web of Science (WoS) database related to the problem of coal modeling.	1
The findings of the study indicate that predatory publishing is a dominant trend in Pakistani academia, as evidenced in Table 3 below.	4
Based on these retrieval conditions, 23,798 articles and reviews were acquired: these constitute the target paper set.	2
We also evaluated how article retractions were handled by journals and how to improve the journal practices toward article retractions.	1
A comparison of Tables 1 and 2 reveals that the group of individuals having dhm > 1 turns out to be extremely similar to the group having sh > 1.	4
See Sisk et al., Scholarly Impact, supra note 1, at 104.	0
☆The peer review process of this paper was handled by Vincent Larivière, Associate Editor of Journal of Informetrics.	0
Department of Health Management and Policy, Faculty of Health Sciences, American University of Beirut, Beirut, Lebanon	0
What impact do gender, exposure to social science disciplines, and education level have on how earth scientists perceive the social and natural sciences?	1
Krueger Thomas.krueger@tamuk.edu 201 Business Administration Building, Department of Accounting and Finance, College of Business Administration, Texas A&M University - Kingsville, Kingsville, TX 78363, USA.	0
Hitt has the highest position in all rankings.	4
We described characteristics of the articles such as type of study, type of scientific journal, topic reported, year of publication, affiliation of the first author of the article, and impact factor.	3
For this purpose, we used a bibliometric approach to track the mobility of authors.	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—December 2010	0
The Euclidean distance between one group's disciplinary structure in each year and the reference group's original structure in 1998.	0
We have chosen to use the topic of isostatic pressing in material research as a case study for our visual exploration of literature datasets.	2
All statistical analysis was performed using IBM SPSS Subscription Service (IBM Corp, Armonk, NY).	3
For convenience of exposition, this technique is henceforth referred to as the power-impact (PI) technique for determining knowledge-dissemination channel stature.	0
Administrative: Quality evaluation rules are already established on the administrative and policy making levels.	4
The survey consisted of fifteen questions divided over four pages (Supplemental Information).	2
One major implication of this research is that it provides benchmarks for academics in their careers across institution type.	5
(2012) describe as the most important citation indicator in the Leiden Ranking.	3
Using thematic analysis of the interview notes, the researchers constructed 12 themes that describe the capabilities of the best peer reviewers for reviews of research funding.	4
Is the publication a mandatory requirement for a doctoral degree in China?	1
On the one hand, order-effect bias should not occur in self-administered surveys.	0
Globally, 59,264 papers were published during the 15-year study period, including 15 document types.	4
Scientific output is unevenly distributed between Chinese provinces, with Beijing, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Hubei, and Shaanxi each contributing almost half total output.	4
Independent predictors of high Altmetric score (≥50) were identified through univariate logistic regression analysis.	3
According to the TF-IDF scores, each cluster is clearly characterized by one or more topics that do not characterize the others.	4
In addition, the Shannon index is used as a diversity measure to analyse the knowledge base of scientists.	3
We then calculated the geographic richness and geographic diversity of this editor community and quantified how it has changed over the last 3 decades.	3
Second, our results first empirically demonstrate that, in terms of the business case for diversity (Robinson & Dechant, 1997), EB geographic plurality matters, at least in promoting journals' research output.	5
From the practical perspective, there is a contribution in the prospect that the results derived through the paper clustering process can be used to derive a promising research field or devise an R&D strategy.	5
1 Department of Information Management, National Taichung University of Science and Technology, Taichung 404, Taiwan, ROC	0
The online version of this article includes the following source data and figure supplement(s) for figure 1:	0
The requested tweet ID is not found (if it existed, it was probably deleted).	0
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interests with respect to the authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
Cluster 3, characterised as active and belief-driven people with limited financial resources, has a higher chance of being female (55.2%) compared to the previous clusters.	4
In this case study, we focus on a community-university partnership and try to answer the question, 'What are the conditions that facilitate or hinder successful collaborative interactions aimed towards solving a shared challenge between partners from different organisations?'	1
However, considered from a longer-term perspective 70% of the respondents have published at least once in an open-access journal, which is significantly higher than in 2013 when just over half (53%) had done so (x2(1, N = 416) = 14.24, p < 0.001).	4
So, for junior faculty, the i10-index may serve as a suitable individual-level bibliometric scholarly impact normative evaluation metric.	5
2 The curve changes of F-mean and ROC Area running eight algorithms	0
The abstracts were processed in three alternative ways: using the standard TF-IDF approach, binary word incidence matrix, and embeddings.	3
This article puts this explanation to the test.	1
The data set was retrieved on the 10th of April 2013 and comprises 151 files with all papers from the selected journals stored by the Inspec database.	2
First, by applying concept mapping within the labels of the co-word matrix, it combines words at the concept level to reduce matrix dimensions and create a concept matrix that contains more content.	3
Thus, in this work, treating citation network (unweighted) as a specific case of the weighted network, an integrated approach for path analysis is developed, which embeds the Liu and Lu's present integrated approach.	1
2012), while also utilizing self-comparison in different stages through the longitudinal study to facilitate within-case analysis.	3
When interpreted in terms of centrality metrics in more detail, the symbiotic or complementary relationship between anthropology, folklore, politics, sociology and mythology can be easily observed.	4
The policy question raised by the authors is: what is the effect of an output-based salary incentive on an individual researcher's chosen (‘optimal'/utility-maximising) quality?	3
The research articles were written by 2794 authors who were affiliated with 825 institutions and the institutions were based in 46 countries.	2
Last, we propose an index named IA to measure innovative ability.	3
Portfolio analysis of the publication profile of a unit of interest, ranging from individuals and organizations to a scientific field or interdisciplinary programs, aims to inform analysts and decision makers about the position of the unit, where it has been, and where it may go in a complex adaptive environment.	1
We consulted the homepage of each journal and collected the names of persons who serve as editors, co-editors, board members, honorary board members, and so on.	2
The collected data were saved through the Web of Science into two formats of isi and txt.	2
In addition, Mendeley readership-based JIF variants are as stable as those using Scopus citations, confirming the value of Mendeley readership as an academic impact indicator.	5
The bibliometric data timeframe was specified between 1998 and 2022.	2
In this study, our aim is to provide bibliometric and altmetric overviews and visualization and to evaluate the correlation between traditional bibliometric analysis and altmetric analysis in the malnutrition literature.	1
Papers for which the first author served as corresponding author were 18% more likely to be sent for peer review than were papers for which the first author deferred corresponding authorship to a coauthor (Figure 5a; 59.1 ± 0.4 vs.	4
Also, I thank three referees for their helpful comments and suggestions.	0
The findings revealed that multinational authorship has become a growing trend, and China had the highest number of multinational authorship papers among all the studied nations.	4
This article aimed to simulate the new method proposed by the Brazilian Coordination for the Improvement of Higher Education Personnel (Coordena??o de Aperfei?oamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior, CAPES) for the classification of Qualis 2017-2020 by tracing the path that led to the B3 stratification attributed to the journal Brazilian Archives of Biology and Technology (BABT).	1
While both metrics are reliable for evaluating the prestige of articles such as Nobel Prize winning articles, ASP tends to provide more persuasive rankings than #Cit when the articles are not highly cited.	5
The IREM was applied for the research evaluation for the CMKSU, which was founded in 1967 and is one of the oldest universities of Saudi Arabia.	2
Among general surgeons in Canada, research productivity and impact was greater among surgeons with a graduate degree than among those without a graduate degree.	5
In this article, we used the Web of Science databases (WoS), years 2008-2011, in order to study the output of the Spanish and CIBER centres.	2
We rely on bibliometric techniques in addition to bibliographic coupling, keyword analysis, and content analysis.	3
One way to identify this more widely applicable set of waypoints is to survey program directors in federal agencies, including NSF, DOE, NASA, and NIH, that manage Big Science programs using open-ended questions that identify (1) whether program officers distinguish between intermediate (waypoint) and final (endpoint) outcomes when assessing funded research or considering new proposals and (2) which intermediate outcomes they consider to be the best predictors of “successful” projects.	3
An analysis of the Natural Science and Engineering Research Council Canada statistics shows that preparing a grant application costs approximately Can$40,000.	2
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
The SIPs under study were initially analysed in connection to the EU FP7 funded PE2020 project carried out in 2014-17 (Aarrevaara and Pulkkinen 2016).	2
This divergence suggests that we observe a change in the academic life cycle (differences emerge later) than a generational effect (no differences any more in the current generation).	5
Following insights from social epistemology (Goldman and Whitcomb 2011) as well as scholars focused on the political economy of research and innovation (Tyfield 2012), I argue that part of the answer to the puzzle of TrM lies in an analysis of the larger market-related contexts out of which TrM emerged.	1
In the case of Model 2, Table 9 shows that having had professional mobility to organisations located in Europe and having as motivation to move the desire to gain access to a better scientific environment increase the odds of having a foreign organisation from the professional trajectory in the core network, while being in social sciences decreases these odds.	4
DEA is also recognised as an efficient methodology to measure the relative efficiency of such units.	5
Our study shows that while many journals from developing countries, especially Latin America and India, have improved their visibility and impact by adopting OA in every field, the IFs of subscription journals in general are greater than those of OA journals.	5
A list of 91 laureates in physics, chemistry, physiology and medicine, and economics from 2006 to 2015 were identified and their publications were collected and analysed using Turnitin software.	2
We employed CiteSpace(Chen 2006), which can implement such algorithm, to detect the burst terms from the cleaned bibliometric records.	3
It can be seen in Figure 6 that the optimal Spearman's ranking correlation (arXiv: 0.603; Cora: 0.335; and MAG: 0.553) and robustness (arXiv: 0.854; Cora: 0.446; and MAG: 0.707) of the optimization method can be obtained by jointly employing a combination of parameters from α = 10, β = 5, and γ = 2.	4
In sociology, very few 20th century newcomers have yet attained textbook eminence.	4
Design An online survey delivered to two sets of corresponding authors containing demographic information, and questions about researchers' perceptions of publishing in the presumed predatory journal, type of article processing fees paid and the quality of peer review received.	3
We wish to identify and explore such groups.	1
Figure 1 restates these general findings in terms of number of citations per individual.	0
Dominant across the data was the view that incentives were the norm and were an important driver of research productivity.	4
and Jj as follows: all citations between them are deleted, while any citations by/to these journals are summed up for the “aggregated” journal Jiuj.	3
During the voyage, in particular, when novel data are obtained through triangulation with various methods, they could update a log, maintained alongside the registered protocol and later made available to reviewers and readers.	3
Analysis of correlations between individual interdisciplinarity and contributions to collective interdisciplinarity did not support our hypothesis but rather hinted at the alternative hypothesis that researchers with high individual interdisciplinarity interacted less with other disciplinary communities.	5
Table 1 shows the Citation Graph PP, associated with the portfolio of five papers.	2
From this definition, it can be inferred that plagiarism is, basically, the act of copying another author's original work without attribution along with the subsequent deception involved in the same act.	0
First, this study contributes to network theory by extending the concept of team size to the second-degree network.	5
(2012) and give an example with α = 3, which is close to the values in Waltman et al.	4
Over 41% (44/107) of direct post-retraction citations that do not mention the retraction describe the case study paper in detail, giving a risk of diffusing misinformation from the case paper.	4
High accuracy of the trained models is achieved on datasets created for this task specifically, and low changes in the model accuracy are observed on four Wikipedia exports from 2015 to 2018.	4
This is to determine the size of national and international co-authorship networks of Iranian researchers and introduce the notable researchers.	1
While the ongoing discussion predominantly circulates around the issue of citations [4], our analysis clearly points out the potentially problematic issue of IF increases resulting from decreasing numbers of articles.	5
We first selected 9,822,620 biomedical papers published between 1985 to 2005 from the PubMed Knowledge Graph (Xu et al., 2020).	2
Rong Tang is Assistant Professor at the Graduate School of Library and Information Science of Simmons College; e-mail: rong.tang@simmons.edu.	0
The parameter denotes the value of the collections' thematic proximity expressed by Eq.	0
Thus the field of observation is limited to the SDSs where over the five years examined, at least 50% of Italian professors achieved at least one publication indexed in WoS: this results as 200 SDSs, belonging to 11 UDAs.	2
We evaluated and compared the changes in the one-year SJR (SCImago Journal Rank) and journal impact factor (JIF) of OA and SA journals.	3
Is the IRR equal for internal and external applicants, or is it higher for insiders?	1
An important limitation of this study is that the country graphs only included domestic collaborations.	5
A node high in betweenness centrality can act as a gatekeeper.	0
The main source used to quantify collaboration is co-authorship of scholarly publications retrieved from the Web of Science scientific searching engine.	2
A bibliometric analysis of research scholarship recipients publications and h-index scores was conducted to understand the benefits of receiving these scholarships.	1
We collected and mined around 70.000 entries from DBLP for 122 conferences and journals, for the period 1971–2012, in order to process several bibliometric indicators.	2
Unexpectedly, the other three students (without notifying the instructor) developed a new project after completing the three subtasks with extensive scaffolding.	4
The JDC method can potentially compensate for the deficiency in comparison in journal content analysis.	5
As our data are not normally distributed, Kruskal–Wallis test was used to determine if there are statistically significant differences between six fields of an independent variable on a dependent variable (citation or altmetric indicators).	3
We estimated a series of fixed effects models for research productivity around publications and citations, as shown in Eq.	3
The results indicate that the article citation median and review citation median overcome several concerns that have been raised about the JIF and seem to provide enhanced objectivity as an indicator of journal impact in publishing original research and reviews.	4
The problem addressed in this paper is the analysis of researchers' dropout phnomenon and the critical factors which underlie activity in academia, which is straightforwardly illustrated in Fig.	0
The co-citation, co-occurrence, cluster detection, and strong citation burstness were employed to show the intellectual base, evolutionary stages, and dynamics of transitions of academic publishing.	3
We find that geographic distance to Munich has a significant negative impact on the likelihood of having a first patent application in the field of laser technology.	4
We investigated scientific collaboration by conducting a case study of a globally distributed research program.	2
A questionnaire was administered to 2,793 academics with publications in 63 language and linguistics PPJs, and 213 of them returned their responses.	2
In order to split scholars into several groups of different academic ages, we first explore the whole data set of APS to calculate the average annual productivity, i.e., number of publications per year, of scholars at each academic age.	3
The core research objectives of this manuscript therefore are: 1.	1
2 This study was financed by the Department of Rural Economy and Sociology of INRA.	0
Design scholars need to continuously strive to cite DAP in their scholarly works in order to grant more recognition of design scholarship in the discipline; good examples of this include the works done by Krenzer et al.	5
For RQ1, we employ a form of regression analysis to disentangle the effects of several potential factors on citation impact, including female authorship and its patterns in the anti-doping literature.	3
On Scopus, the number of captures denoted under PlumX metrics consistently associated with citations (p < 0.001).	4
Moreover, the author suffers from wrongness in his or her belief, since the unbiased likelihood ratio is such that Rq,np,nx <1.	4
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0001-253X.htm	0
The key members of the network have the best publication performance.	1
The ICMJE Conflicts of Interest Disclosure Form was requested by seven (64%) ICMJE member journals, 15 (18%) English-language journals, and one (1%) Japanese-language journal.	4
Having to choose between many applicants of similar quality makes the selection process liable to subjectivity, arbitrariness, and randomness.	4
Feminist academic publishing is essential to dismantling the colonial legacy of Western publishing and improving accessibility to scholarly work.	5
Additional supporting information can be found online in the Supporting Information section at the end of this article.	0
However, according to self-report, 23 of the 84 (27.4%) alumni who completed training and are conducting research have received NIH grants.	4
(good) in the fourth-round Chinese university evaluation exercise (China Academic Degrees and Graduate Education Development Centre 2017), the seven top-ranked LIS schools were chosen for this case study.	2
Based on results of our study, titles do matter.	5
Therefore, different performance indicators have been used for mapping: (i) counting of publications and citations; (ii) impact of publications; (iii) extent of collaboration, viz.	3
The time span of the literature is from 2000 to 2014; however, the earliest article about cancer therapy based on nanomedicine was published in 2006.	2
For the full sample, the best fit for σ ranges from 1.32 for the semi-log model (Table 2) to 1.10, using the Double Box-Cox model (Table 4).	4
Over the course of 3 decades, there were 3,827 unique scientists based in 70 countries who served as editors.	2
The Pearson correlation score between th、node degree k and the average degree of its adjacent nodes is -0.402.	4
There are apparently non-systematic differences between fields in the most citing sections and the extent to which citations from one section overlap with citations from another, with some degree of overlap in most cases.	4
The journal receives the maximum influence from the UK, including its most productive authors and institutions.	4
Note: APP, number of authors per publication; AU, number of authors; N/A, not available; TP, number of articles; TP*, number of articles with author imformation in SSCI.	0
The line thickness is associated with the frequency of patents from a country to cite foreign institutional authors, from academic institutions in another country: these are cross-border citations of ISI-indexed SNPRs.	3
P-scores were calculated with data obtained from DBLP.	2
At the finer scale we also see some specifics, which suggest that the three approaches are interested in different aspects of those objects: science and technology studies (cultural), library and information science (classification), and scientometrics (indicators and mapping).	5
However, the volume of critically low-quality evidence syntheses ultimately perpetuates the citation of retracted publications with no indication of their retracted status.	5
Creswell is an associate professor in the Department of Educational Adminis- tration at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.	0
The results from an empirical study using a large-size panel data set showed that authors at top-ranked universities prefer to disseminate their working papers before or during the double-blind review process, in which case their identities will be visible for reviewers.	4
Our data also indicates that panel members are awarded in average 2.2 times more funding than other scientists (based on only 7 researchers in our analysis who are also panel members).	4
Therefore, as the content-based citation analysis in this study was developed based on the hypothesis that not all citations are equal, it is argued that a more accurate approach when evaluating citations is to consider the citation content.	5
Here, raw bibliographic data were collected from the Scopus database using the source title “Managerial Auditing Journal,” excluding all types of documents except articles, reviews and editorials.	2
By applying an updated historical institutional framework, the analysis thus shows how a long series of gradual and marginal processes of institutional change running through parallel dimensions—occasionally supplemented with more radical change-over time has accumulated to a rather far reaching transformation of the Danish research funding system as a whole.	5
Around 75% of the publications are single-authored in the humanities, vs.	4
Building on research conducted in scientometrics, we employ data from research articles in transportation research to investigate the influence on article citation counts of article and author characteristics in that particular field of research.	1
We investigate how often replication studies are published in empirical economics and what types of journal articles are replicated.	1
To pursue our objectives, we correlate two indicators for all publications in the dataset: the number of citations received, normalized to the average citations of all WoS cited publications, of the same year and WoS subject category, referred to as AII (article impact index), the JIF of the host journal, normalized to the average JIF of the journals of the same year and subject category, referred to as JII (journal impact index).	3
It is expected that the new technology fields derived from this paper can contribute to establishing a preemptive R&D strategy.	5
The authors have created a new software tool, called STICCI.eu (Software Tool for Improving and Converting Citation Indices – enhancing uniformity), which is freely available online, to solve these problems in an effective and simple manner.	5
This study used publicly available data and did not involve human subjects.	0
To test which reference list features correlate with residuals in number of citations, we generated a linear mixed effect model by including journal identity and publication year as random terms to account for data non-independence.	3
(2014) who examine 23 journals from 1995 to 2011, and Ryazanova et al.	4
In this study, we introduce a higher-order network representation using algebraic topology to capture multi-agent interactions, i.e., simplicial complexes.	3
We aim to provide a comprehensive overview on Patagonian (paleo)glaciers studies that will help to identify potential gaps on our knowledge and weaknesses of our scientific community to further encourage research projects focused on the cryosphere of the southern tip of South America.	1
The perpetuation of retracted articles therefore has a long-term effect on the appraisal of evidence.	5
No difference was found based on gender [male (5), female (4); P = 0.12].	4
Our funding and output data are aggregated to the level of lab years or principal investigator (PI) years, defined as all the projects with the same PI in a given year.	3
This article explores the high-level output of scientific research in the field of computer science from the perspective of bibliometric: the leading countries/regions in scientific research are China Mainland, the USA, and England.	5
The data source of this study was the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) Web of Science database—both science citation index (SCI) and social sciences citation index (SSCI).	2
In this paper, we study the citation relationships between entities by content-based approaches.	1
The methodological challenges to conducting this study and the results suggest that the open access article processing fee approach is a model in an early and still highly volatile phase.	5
The average score for all sampled papers was only 0.347 (SD=0.476).	4
The h-index of plastic surgeons seems to correlate with academic rank and has potential as a tool to measure academic productivity within plastic surgery.	5
These data come from mail and online surveys that were administered to a stratified random sample of tenured and tenure-track faculty members (N = 613) at the top 100 research universities in the United States.	2
Descriptive statistics were used to examine the variables, and the Pearson correlation coefficient was employed for a correlation analysis.	3
Parts of this study were presented at the 9th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics, August 25-29, 2003 in Beijing, China.	0
In this article, we consider the main division rules used for allocation games, where there are indivisible goods and monetary compensation is possible.	1
When comparing the Covid papers to non-Covid papers made available as working papers at the same time, we find that Covid papers are written by larger teams, are downloaded more often and receive more citations.	5
There is little doubt that bibliometrics continues to be dominated by the traditional form of citation analysis, and that citation analysis is dominated by paid-to-access services.	5
In this paper, we explore a comprehensive relationship between disruptions and citations, as measured by disruption scores and citation counts.	1
In 2016, the NIH announced its program, Discovering New Therapeutic Uses for Existing Molecules.	2
The main general conclusion is that the author should always submit his/her work to a journal that is in the first part of the list—with the limit defined by k—but “close” to k.	5
We use Jean-Fran?ois Hennart's research as the key marker for TCT in IB research given that Hennart's work has been a hallmark in the discipline.	3
The bibliometric data show that atherosclerosis is developing rapidly with the study of DNA methylation, which is currently a hot research area that should be taking its place alongside the previous emphasis on lncRNA studies in atherosclerosis in the field of epigenetics.	5
We downloaded the complete records of all articles published in 2014 in the three journals from the Web of Science in September 2015.	2
Secondly, national higher education initiatives have positively influenced university rankings.	5
In this case, the same papers 1, 2, 3, and 4 have a social impact of 4.03, 0.67, 2.53, and 13.74 (see Tables 4 through 7).	4
Motivated by this anniversary, this study presents a bibliometric analysis of the current publications in the journal in order to identify the leading trends ruling the journal.	1
From the same journal, the same published year, tweeted papers received on average 30% more citations than non-tweeted papers.	5
1986) where term and keyword analysis are used to extract information from lexical data.	3
The authors have no competing interests to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
Research articles were evaluated using HJRS an online recognition system developed by HEC, Pakistan.	3
Citations can be meaningfully examined by considering the weighing process between epistemic risks and informational value; persistent citation impact thus doesn't necessarily indicate the perpetuation of epistemic harm.	5
The dataset comprises articles, reviews, and proceedings papers included in Thomson Reuters's WoS database.	2
This could be looked at in the same dataset presented here, looking at a full scale of distance (up to the maximum length of the grey literature document being tested) and analysed using a similar or different statistical method to see where a crossover from underprediction to overprediction occurs, considering false positives and negatives if possible.	0
At 2.5 years, scientific articles had a median [interquartile range] number of citations per article of 3.0 [6.0] and 7.0 [9.0] found in WoS and GS, respectively; nonscientific articles had accumulated median 0.0 [2.0] in both WOS and GS.	4
According to what was said above, the co-authorship network of countries in the field of nuclear science and technology is a kind of Small World Network with characteristics like short mean path length, low network diameter (less than or equal to 6) and relatively high clustering coefficient.	5
In this paper, we propose an integrated model for exploring the subject macrostructure of a specific academic topic on the Web and automatically depicting the knowledge map that is closer to what a domain expert would expect.	1
Overall, the publications of Brazil, Chile and Mexico explain more than 75% of scientific production in Latin America in the Top 102 journals (the results are similar when all the journals are considered).	4
Our hypothesis is that research groups and institutes optimize and stabilize activities in order to realize its mission.	1
Upon receipt of each student's blinded reference list, an investigator conducted a citation analysis which identified 602 unique journal titles, seventy of which were available in some form of OA.	2
The paper analyzes the dynamics of publication, clusters of collaboration, and main topics studied.	4
The Scopus CSV file was then imported to VOSviewer free software (Wan Eck and Waltman 2014) to visualize the collaboration (co-authorship) network of countries and institutions working with MSU on Africa-related research studies.	3
The aim of this study was to provide an overview of OA publishing in OMFS research.	1
Two different dates will affect the calculation of time-related bibliometric indicators if the publication dates are used inconsistently.	5
The data for our empirical investigation come from 184 universities in South Korea covering 7 years (2009–2015) available from the Korean Council for University Education (KCUE) under the Ministry of Education.	2
The bibliometric impact of a publication is usually assessed in terms of the number of citations it has received relative to other outputs in the same journal or field.	3
I argue that conventions produced in global centers of intellectual influence lead authors to reposition their literary-academic presences in a series of geographic, rhetorical, and linguistic shifts.	1
6 Mechanical and vascular subject categories, integration and diffusion scores 1970–2005	0
The ranking is based on data gathered from both international and national resources, such as Thomson Reuter's Web of Science (WoS), Yüksek ??retim Kurulu (Y?K, Higher Education Council), and ??renci Se?me ve Yerle?time Merkezi (?SYM, Student Selection and Placement Center).	2
Overall, 46.9% of all citations were found by the three databases (Fig.	4
We conceptualise R&I activities as either: integrated at European level, coordinated with other European partners or nationally juxtaposed.	3
The second dimension is the quality or impact dimension measured by C/P.	5
With respect to such a measurement scheme, women are extremely underrepresented in top-ranked journals.	5
The resulting analysis shows that there are more conceptual than non-conceptual connections, which indicates that the studies are closely related to each other.	4
We also tested the developed models with threshold of 0.90 to investigate whether our conclusions depend on the threshold value.	0
A progressive increase in the number of publications may be observed until 2007, followed by a decrease from 2008 to 2015.	4
A three-level hierarchical clustering was created using the Leiden algorithm10 with input resolutions as indicated in Table 2.	3
The “+1” must prevent the circles from disappearing if the observed ratio is equal to the expected one.	0
Section 2 introduces the FGT families of high- and low-impact indicators that will be used in the empirical part.	0
In this study, we analyzed the portfolio of NIH funding to departments of orthopaedic surgery at U.S. medical schools.	1
The top five psychiatry journals in 2014 in terms of IF were: Molecular Psychiatry, IF = 14.4, World Psychiatry, IF = 14.2, JAMA Psychiatry (previously Archives of General Psychiatry), IF = 13.2, American Journal of Psychiatry, IF = 12.2, Biological Psychiatry, IF = 10.2.	4
We selected bibliographic data for relevant scholarly publications from the period 1980–2010 from our Thomson Reuters/CWTS Web of Science database (TR/CWTS WoS).	2
In this paper, I articulate a view of what these models could be capable of and I apply my view by developing an agent-based model of science funding allocation.	1
less than the average global level of citation.	4
Naturally, the average quality of published papers declines as a result.	4
It uses the term epistemic capitalism to denote the accumulation of capital, as worth made durable, through the act of doing research, in and beyond academia.	1
Our method not only considers the impact of scholars through the mutual reinforcement process in heterogeneous academic networks, but also integrates the structural holes theory and information entropy theory to depict the benefit that scholars obtain via their positions in the network.	3
The conclusion and future research directions are given in the last section.	0
Surprisingly, the length of research experience before medical school was not associated with these outcomes among Research Scholarly Concentration graduates.	4
Table 1 presents the ranking of papers in terms of number of citations received, where the local citation score (LCS) refers to the count of citations to a paper within the data set of retrieved papers for this study and the global citation score (GCS) shows the total number of citations to a paper from other articles in the WoS.	4
As we will see, in many important aspects, the laboratories are far from being egalitarian paradises.	4
I find that the probability of a citation between any two authors depends on similarity in their methods and topics but also, significantly, on various measures of social community and even of ideological proximity.	4
Findings may help illuminate policy makings to promote participation of women in the country research.	5
Multivariate regression of profile assignment on research expenditure and income generated by licensure was used to show concurrent validity.	3
The final sample included 8640 people from 1424 institutions; 1358 of these people (20.28%) had multiple board memberships.	2
First, we present a descriptive analysis in which we explore the relations between the different components of our model.	0
Most important, we thank the hundreds of scholars who were kind enough to respond to inquiries about their whereabouts and those of their coauthors.	0
A high value (> 0.7) of the Spearman's rho would point to a strong correlation of rankings in subsequent years, suggesting a stagnant environment in which new entries struggle to emerge.	4
SNIP values in the y-axis are shown without a decimal point (e.g., a SNIP value of 1.00 is represented as 100).	0
The study's design included qualitative, semi-structured interviews with 15 researchers and a survey completed by a purposive sample of 412 researchers.	2
Through statistical analysis, we determined that members of the consortium engaged more in interdisciplinary research than inter-institutional research.	4
The first goal of the current research is to achieve a better understanding of the structure of student cheating attitudes by assessing the dimensionality of the ATC scale.	1
This instrumental way of conceptualizing what could count as a “bias” in peer review comes apart from the traditional conception in interesting ways: for example, it may be most effective and efficient for a scientific community to achieve its aims by violating impartial peer review through some optimal distribution of partial peer review processes across the community (Zollman 2009; Lee and Schunn 2011; Lee 2012).	0
Our study therefore investigates how faculty members (N = 868) at all universities in Lower Saxony (Germany) in the disciplines of physics, biology and chemistry present themselves on institutional websites and professional networking sites.	1
Typically, a form-only-based approach to extrinsic plagiarism detection consists in identifying matches between the reference text and the questioned text at a word, sentence, and discourse level of linguistic analysis.	3
These aspects place an additional layer of intellectual and financial taxation, not only on authors, their institutes and their funders, but also on taxpayers who may have funded such research, leading to a “pay to publish or per- ish" trend that might make academic publishing unsustainable (Al-Khatib and Teixeira da Silva 2017a).	0
Solid evidence shows that acknowledgement is significantly related to co-authorship and citations.	5
The 22 ESI classifications can be mapped with subjects from the Web of Science (WOS) database.	2
The results of the present research confirm that although participation in questionable conferences is considered problematic by scientific communities, even researchers from the seven leading universities in the world (according to university ranking systems) participate in these conferences.	5
Comparing the values presented in the columns 2–5, one can see that the RAE 2014 scores are not much better correlated with departmental h-indices than RAE 2008.	4
Perceptions of Open Access publishing by faculty at Pondicherry University: A survey	1
December 1, 2021, Vol 29, No 23 | American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons	0
The interviewees mention that the minimal-interaction strategy incurs the risks of cracks in common ground and of misconstruing minimal interaction as lack of commitment.	4
In this epilogue some bibliometric data are compiled in order to provide quantitative measures of the author's work.	1
It has often been argued (Alonso et al., 2009; Egghe, 2010a; Hirsch, 2005; Norris & Oppenheim, 2010; Ruscio et al., 2012) that the h-index was combining "quantity" (number of papers) and "quality" (number of citations) in a way that leads to a robust ranking and index.	5
Received 21 June 2017; Received in revised form 15 November 2017; Accepted 17 November 2017	0
The association between the number of articles with editorial board members as authors and the three independent variables was assessed using generalized estimating equations (GEE) with Poisson distribution, log link, and exchangeable correlation.	3
Ten of the top 30 departments have no faculty that have ever published in JOM.	4
Inspired by a voting system, we use a weighted arithmetic mean to calculate the ranking of references.	3
Reframing understanding of research's benefits and impacts moves research away from the easy heuristic of the pharmaceutical spin-off to a more diverse ecological view: this is a critical challenge for academics and policy-makers alike, critical in ensuring that research investments across all disciplines continue to drive socio-economic development even beyond the latest crisis.	5
Meredith Anderson is at Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70803, USA.	0
students and postdoctoral researchers in temporary positions mainly feel pressured to publish for career-related reasons.	4
The S-shaped distributions are confirmed by the graphical demonstration.	5
Table I reveals that there are more non-OA journals (51.5%) than OA journals (48.5%) in Africa.	4
Most human gene research papers with wrongly identified nucleotide sequences have been identified in journals of low to moderate impact factor (IF) (Byrne and Labbé 2017; Labbé et al.	5
9 There are 67 level-2 UDC subdisciplines, but only 47 of them have at least 20 members in the observed period, while out of 234 level-3 UDC subdisciplines in total, only 100 have at least 20 members.	0
The methodology section concludes with a discussion of our data extraction methods in a sub-section that includes our decisions regarding the definition of the population and variables relevant to that definition.	0
California was chosen for the present study due to the clarity of the state's Department of Health Care Services' list of licensed and/or certified substance abuse treatment centers.	2
Of the 25 of Reuben's publications included in this study, four had to be excluded as they were not listed in the Web of Science Core Collection.	2
Impact factors exhibit no correlation with these directly-elicited journal assessments at either the aggregate level or for individual classes.	5
The correlation between AAS and the total citations over 3 years was further diminished after adjusting for the clustering effect between journals.	5
This paper provides an account of mid-level models which calibrate highly theoretical agent-based models of scientific communities by incorporating empirical information from real-world systems.	1
In addition, an ERT has more potential to evolve into a breakthrough innovation when its citation curve has obvious stratification, transitions with more times and in a wider range, the citation curve continues to be of high value or grows rapidly in recent times, and the curves’ highest peak appears later.	5
The study reveals that IUSS-ECE in the B&R region increased by 24.01 Gt from 1992 to 2020.	5
Socio-technical systems feature a co-evolutionary dynamics between social networks of interaction or collaboration, and so-called “semantic" networks of term, topic and issue associations.	5
The number displayed inside each node represents the sum of citations or mentions, depending on the context.	0
Focusing on writing style in top-level professional journals, we examine how it changes with age, and how stylistic differences and age affect impact.	1
The organisation of work in the food industry differs from that in academia.	4
Findings - Results showed that no single job resource predicted research productivity across all three types of schools.	4
For this study, a web crawler was designed to obtain bibliographic information through PubMed's Application Programming Interface (API).	3
Globally, there was a linear increase in the number of scientific publications in the field of soil science (R2 = 0.93) and 2018 was the year with the highest number of publications (49,067) (Figure 3).	4
The aim of the study was to identify and explore decision-making practices used by UK and international funders to better understand the current decision-making landscape for the allocation of health research funding.	1
In the end, we had a sample of 7274 papers.	2
A longitudinal set-up allows to study the evolution of the scientific production and how the area of interest has developed over time.	5
Research outputs span 51 countries and regions, with notable contributions from the United States, United Kingdom, Netherlands, and Italy.	4
Generalized results of calculation showed a tendency for higher IF journals to be ranked lower when applying the multiple-criteria approach; and vice versa, there was a tendency for lower IF journals to be ranked higher when more indicators were considered.	5
Quacquarelli Symonds (QS) world university ranking (https://www.topuniversities.com/) was used as the source to select six universities from each continent.	2
The relationship between journal citation impact and citation sentiment: A study of 32 million citances in PubMed Central.	1
To measure the atypicality of knowledge combination, we employed the novelty measure used by Lee, Walsh and Wang (2015).	3
We considered a two-sided P < 0.05 to indicate statistical significance.	0
Assessment of bibliometric data from the year 2013 for all the journals in the JCR? revealed that the median impact factor was 1.28, the median number of total journal citations was 2282 and the median proportion of self-citations was 0.085.	4
Correspondence concerning this article should be addressed to Andres De Los Reyes, Comprehensive Assessment and Intervention Program, Department of Psychology, University of Maryland at College Park, Biology/Psychology Building, Room 3123H, College Park, MD 20742.	0
This study is situated within the context of an Australian university library, namely the UTS Library, which supports the University of Technology Sydney (UTS), and was conducted in 2015 and 2016.	2
Looking at research methods, there is an increasing propensity towards empirical methods in contrast to a decrease in literature review studies.	5
The current scientific evaluation system, pressures of promotion, motives for fame and other factors were perceived as the main reasons for research misconduct.	4
A new checklist will allow authors to explain in a more realistic way what really happened.	3
Study 1 does show that interdisciplinarity is ben- eficial, at least in terms of providing scholars with some added visibility in the scientific community (as gauged by citations).	5
Univariate analysis revealed that endovascular-related studies, study design, studies reporting design in the title, long articles, and studies with high number of references were associated with higher citation rates.	4
The disparity of models and results is still a necessary evil as research is not mature enough to integrate in one model all the very complex parameters of VRE integration into power systems.	5
Based on the descriptions above, the concepts of UII are proposed.	3
The present study takes an original perspective by exploring the role and influence of various universities in creating this academic discipline.	1
The Tradition Model accounted for <50% of the variation in h-index and SJR, showing that journals' performance increased with an increase in articles' international collaboration, and decreased for journals published by non-profit organizations.	4
To test the effects of time to publish on perceived justifiability and worth, ordinary least squares (OLS) regressions were conducted.	3
To test internal consistency, a Spearman's rank correlation was conducted between the times cited by the source documents and the degree of co-citation (fig.	3
Comparison of the peak scientific achievements may be more telling than tails analysis involved in the calculation of averages.	0
The survey data show that 75% (9/12) journals have difficulty in raising enough money (approximately RMB 0.8 m; dollar conversion 1 RMB = $0.1579 as of 7 April 2016) and editing talents from the journal-hosted institution(s) to run journals.	4
Collaboration is the bridging force in PG research between productivity and influence on the academic community.	5
This is understandable because grant recipients have a higher ability than non-recipients to pay APCs.	5
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
Finally, the Semantic Scholar API is used to collect information from the papers.	2
The Cited Half-time is used to measure the life span of an article, and it is measured by the point where the aggregated number of citations reaches 50 percent among the total number of citations (Lee and Yoon 1996).	3
We thank Professors Liang Liming (Henan Normal University, Xinxiang) and Jin Bihui (DICCAS, Beijing) for their support and hospitality.	0
It is observed that Hill from Ghana had the highest h-index of 208 and received 52,443 citations while Roth from Guinea Bissau had h-index value of 146 and received 37,565 citations.	4
There are different perspectives on trends in state-of-the-art papers of the research trend studies.	0
The most of Iranian researchers' scientific cooperation was performed with England and United States.	4
Received 25 July 2020; Received in revised form 18 September 2020; Accepted 22 September 2020	0
The peeling approach yields 6 groupings of universities (shown in Table 6; universities are ordered alphabetically within group).	4
Data from 205 respondents with experience in publishing and reviewing papers were analysed using factor analysis and ANOVA.	2
This study employed the research method classification system proposed by Chu and Ke (2017) as the standard for classifying research methods in the corpus of academic papers.	3
American Association of Medical Colleges data were used to determine total surgeon and physician populations.	2
Then with scientometrics analysis of the publications, coauthors, and citations, we established the co-authorship network and citation network for each new Ph.D, and estimated the structure of networks (number of nodes, density and centralization) and the position of the new Ph.D in the networks (in- and out-degree, centrality and constraint).	3
The Beall's List citing works are especially likely to be OA, to be published by universities and other nonprofits, and to focus on lower-income countries.	4
Download counts were correlated with Web of Science citations, the distributions of both were compared and common software labels and licencing arrangements were identified.	3
UN = United Nations; OECD = Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development; EU = European Union.	0
This study investigates a potential relationship between highly-cited scholarly papers and the number of citations received by other papers with which they share a journal issue.	1
We sourced data from ARWU website, specifically focusing on their global ranking of academic subjects ShanghaiRanking Consultancy (2003).	2
Identify the involvement of policy-making agencies; and 3.	1
We are grateful to Thomson Reuters for providing access to the data and the reviewers for their constructive feedback.	0
To examine changes in the semantic content between versions, I calculated the cosine similarity between the sections and full-texts of the two documents per pair.	3
I used Jaccard and vector cosine measures to determine the statistical similarities of the three groups of articles on each of the above parameters.	3
Here, keywords such as “discussions,” “comments,” “feedback,” “critique,” “advice,” “suggestions,” are used.	0
For each WoS subject area, the strength of the relationship between access status (whether an article was published in an OA journal) and each of these three measures was calculated.	3
Presented in the context of the Australasian higher education system, the framework is illustrated with a Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics focus but is applicable across all disciplines.	1
*One prolific author with 219 publications (including 9 with>100 citations and 76 with>20 citations) published mostly in researcher capacity rather than non-researcher role	0
Are there any differences between cited times and WoS usage counts of papers published at different time periods?	1
We found that the model with item-specific influences of productivity fitted two samples of social science researchers best.	4
After a period of accumulated basic research, the number of patents began to rapidly increase.	5
It has been argued that the time lag between the publication of a Nobel discovery and the conferment of the prize (Nobel Prize delay) has been rapidly increasing for all disciplines (Becattini et al., 2014).	5
The default port for the HTTP scheme is port 80 and is usually omitted.	0
Section 3 describes the materials and methods used in our investigation.	0
Most journals with an impact factor that cite Societies Without Borders content are ranked in the first, second, or third Web of Science quartiles.	4
It is, therefore, a legitimate and important question to investigate research funders' takes on the issue of North-South research collaborations and to find out what generates, structures, and directs their beliefs and activities.	1
Based in part on this study, GBMF has implemented a new open access policy that requires grantees make peer-reviewed publications fully available within 12 months.	5
This research aims to offer a novel perspective within this domain by assessing the interconnections between semiconductors, AI, geopolitical risk, and renewable energy production.	1
(I return to the values provided for the prediction of 1992 in the right-hand column.)	0
Note that for each field there is a strong positive correlation between the h-index and alt-index (p>0.8), where the highest value (p=0.972) is observed for the General (Multidisciplinary) category.	4
It provides an analytical framework that can be used by library managers in the collection development processes in support of postgraduate students’ research information needs.	5
Google data revealed that the greatest number of searches for five top-tier management academic journals occurred in six developed markets (the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Germany, Netherlands, and Australia); lesser interest also occurred in five developing markets (Brazil, India, China, Taiwan, and Pakistan).	2
We annotated the papers in the IJHCS+CHI dataset by means of the CSO Classifier [15], [16], an unsupervised classifier that takes as input the metadata of a research article (title, abstract, and keywords), and returns a selection of the relevant research areas drawn from CSO.	3
We found that the concordance of linked references between MA and WoS ranges from weak to nonexistent for the full sample (publications of the University of Zurich with less than 50 linked references in MA).	4
The Scopus database (http://scopus.com/ last accessed on 03/15/2023) hosted by Elsevier was selected as the bibliographic source of data in this analysis.	2
Sweileh (2018): Bibliometric profile of global scientific research on digoxin toxicity (1849–2015), Drug and Chemical Toxicology, DOI: 10.1080/01480545.2018.1518453	0
Received: 25 June 2013; in revised form: 19 August 2013 / Accepted: 26 September 2013 / Published: 9 October 2013	0
While funding seems to be the bottleneck resource, the Chinese have also marshalled other resources, including their enormous numbers of talented people.	5
Received 18 January 2024; Received in revised form 22 April 2024; Accepted 24 April 2024	0
This study focuses on Chinese studies books, written in the English language, authored by scholars working at the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA).	2
Of these papers, 5658 (47.1 %) were by authors from the Mainland, 1597 (13.3 %) were by authors from Hong Kong, 4741 (39.4 %) were by authors from Taiwan, and 28 (0.2 %) were by authors from Macau.	4
Analysis of variance with Scheffe corrections was used to determine any differences between programs in terms of total publications, the number of coauthors per publication, SJR rankings between programs and the number of publications from residents and staff at each program.	3
These articles obtained a total of 2 556 358 citations.	4
Academic publishing has changed considerably; now we need to reconsider how we measure success.	5
Our results, therefore, are interesting by showing that this is not the case.	0
Among the different ways to use “linkages among citations," we use direct citation analysis as the basis for clustering the documents (and creating a classification system) for several reasons.	3
Each of the three scenarios analyzed (academic literature, websites and Twitter) provides a complementary story about the use and interest in VOSviewer.	5
The LPA resulted in three profiles as the most parsimonious model.	4
We show that chemists in prestigious Turkish universities on average receive 4.30 times more subsidy than economists.	4
Consequently, our final sample of publications subject to comments in PubPeer consists of 51,882 articles, enabling us to conduct a robust and unbiased examination of the peer-reviewed literature in the context of Post-Publication Peer Review.	2
2, 49 areas of knowledge are covered by the lines of research from the groups that have worked with LCA in Brazil.	4
Do the number of citations in funded, unfunded and total (funded + unfunded) papers follow a power-law distribution?	1
Conflict of interest All authors declare that there are no conflicts of interest pertaining to the current study.	0
This article explores the major dimensions of the intergenerational divide between younger and older academic generations (and how they are related to both post-1989 developments and recent reforms).	1
The COVID-19 pandemic has exposed many flaws in current scientific and academic publishing.	5
2) to allow us to draw a map of co-cited journals.	3
The data analysis consisted of comprehensive data screening, data summarization, and exploratory factor analysis, which were performed on two sets of items using unweighted least squares extraction with orthogonal rotation, independent sample t-tests and analysis of variance.	3
Information collected included costs of open-access publishing, and whether or not this information was readily available.	3
Disruptive innovation primarily propagates through social media channels within society; however, it has not garnered a pro-portionate level of sensitivity from policy documents and news media.	5
In the following sections of this manuscript, we use a=0.25 in the calculation of DPE.	0
Bearing in mind van Raan's (2003) admonition not to make compar- isons using absolute numbers, we present these in relative terms.	0
The results show that, even when an enhanced seed record is constructed starting from the publication record of an individual scientist, it may still be limited in its inclusion of prominent authors, resulting in a relatively large share of publications in the specialty approximation not (co-)authored by any of the key authors determined from the seed record.	4
Additional services and information for Evaluation Review can be found at:	0
Second, an organisation selecting evaluators should be aware that their gender affects their perception of candidates.	5
In this article, we introduce a set of easy-to-implement changes to the manuscript layout that value contribution rather than position.	1
The 108 active ESCS projects, representing the efforts of some 4 million participants, reported 5001 publications including scientific research papers, conference abstracts, popular articles in newspapers and magazines, books, and dissertations.	2
The choice of LDA was strategic; it was selected due to its suitability for analyses that do not require the integration of covariates or structures.	0
To conclude, while generating research income can thus significantly improve individual career prospects and enable academics to undertake novel work, scoring high in REF at the institutional level is more complicated than just following whatever research funding is available.	5
Journal rankings based on the three internal measures were each highly correlated with article citation in DMP, including number of articles in the PLUS database (Pearson r 0.99, P < 0.001), number of articles with high CIRs (r 0.96, P < 0.001), and article alert clicks (r 0.86, P < 0.001).	4
The purpose of this paper is to empirically evaluate the effect of heterogeneity in inter-organizational collaboration networks on international high-quality scientific performance of the most reputed business management schools in Latin America according to AméricaEconomía ranking.	1
When compared with the control group across age-based segments, median tweet counts for articles within the ChemRxiv group were 74 % higher and median reader counts that were about 42 % higher.	4
The results show technological linkages using the proposed linkage model, for example, the linkage between the cluster of nanotubes-nanowires-polymers and the cluster of nanowires-semiconductors-optical identifies a nanoelectronics domain.	4
What are the publication distributions (publication and citation quantities, research subject distribution, predominant journals, countries/regions, affiliations and authors) of the ED in SM research field?	1
We conducted a citation analysis of all articles published in six plastic surgery journals during the 2016 calendar year.	3
The objectives of the present research are the design and implementation of a technological solution, capable to support the computing of an article focused metric, processing and employing the entire informational universe of a paper: citations and scientific content.	1
The Research Ethics Committee of our institution has confirmed that no ethical approval is required.	0
Scientific output by Spanish private enterprise as a whole and the top 50 companies, 1995-2005	0
The present study showed that postgraduate programmes are the ones that most influenced the behaviour of Brazilian published articles.	4
The lumber spine was the most discussed anatomic area (18).	4
German research institutes have undergone a regime shift after 1998, when the German Scientific Council (Wissenschaftsrat 1998) had requested a strong academic orientation for qualified policy advice.	5
To figure out the transitional behaviour of scientific papers per capita among countries in the period 2003–2016, we apply the log t test developed by Phillips and Sul (2007).	3
Note that all five top institutions together account for only 19 of the 47 subject areas.	4
Thus, we study the structure and evolution of the co-authorship network since the year of 1999, by tracking the change of the cumulative network structure in one-year intervals (i.e., the network from 1961 to 1999, that from 1961 to 2000, and so on).	3
Publication metadata for this study were retrieved from the Web of Science: Science Citation Index-Expanded, Social Science Citation Index and Arts & Humanities Citation Index produced by Clarivate Analytics (henceforth WoS).	2
Our counts come, first, from libraries of all types and, second, from the 123 members of the Association for Research Libraries (ARL).	3
In this study, we collected 207 international academic awards from a broad range of fields and subjects from diverse sources, gauged their relative reputations compared with the Nobel Prizes by surveys, which were conducted subject/field by subject/field, and then selected awards with above-average reputations as important awards.	2
In an effort to further distinguish the speed at which this set of 22 highly cited publications reached a series of citation milestones, we used the journal-level metric Article Influence Score (AIS) to organize the publications in terms of their predicted influence.	3
The interested reader is referred to Bornmann and Daniel (2009) for a recent review of research on the h-index.	0
The objective of this paper is to identify the factors that impact accounting research output in one of the developing regions of the world, Anglophone Sub-Sahara Africa (Anglophone SSA).	1
We therefore analyzed authorship and publication trends in the Annals of Biomedical Engineering over the past three decades (one complete year of manuscripts for each decade; 1986, 1996, 2006, and 2016).	1
The results show the absence of overall convergence; on the contrary, the presence of five groups of countries that converge together has been detected, showing differentiated knowledge production growth trajectories among them.	4
Of these, 62.5% were cited in the period considered.	4
Articles were then arbitrarily classified into one of 7 categories: Clinical Trials, Cohort/Case series, Animal studies and In-vitro studies, Epidemiological studies (including surveys), Reviews/Special contributions, Case reports/ Videos/Letters to the editors/Clinical opinion and others.	3
The spin-off university achieves a performance value that would place it first in the national rankings among the 83 universities active in the hard sciences (Figure 1).	4
It will provide interesting data on the features of the research funded only by each sector or by both the public and private sectors, considering aspects such as impact and collaboration.	1
This study builds upon the literature documenting gender disparities in science by investigating research productivity and recognition among elite scientists in three countries.	1
The records obtained were processed using an Access (Microsoft) relational database (Redmont, Washington, USA).	3
This benefit of the doubt (BOD) approach evaluated using DEA produces a CI derived by solving the following linear programming problem for each observation (university) k being assessed on the basis of i indicators xi (Saltelli et al.	3
In order to evaluate this measure, we took the opinion of different faculty members in different fields at Hail University, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.	2
RQ2: Similarly, has the rich get richer phenomenon also been governing the co-authorship and citation networks of the papers published in the Strategic Management Journal?	1
Two empirical tests suggest that the Euclidean index outperforms the h-index in practice.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 63(1):22-33, 2012	0
This paper begins by documenting the growing importance of foundations as a source of funding academic research as traditional funding from industry and government sources decline.	1
The most relevant institution, and by a large margin, is the CSIC (7,712 - 21.96%).	4
Overall, there is significant support for Hypothesis 1; post-GS older papers experienced a disproportionate increase compared to their matched recent counterparts.	4
The results may validate the adoption of sophisticated concepts and techniques from biodiversity work in “scientodiversity” studies.	5
Fulton, Le Bonheur Children's Hospital, 49 N Dunlap Ave, 3rd Floor FOB, Memphis, TN 38105, USA.	0
The authors stratified this study population into four categories: (1) clinical, (2) basic science, (3) pharmacy, or (4) nursing and other faculty members.	2
These findings suggest that ERA favours large entities and disadvantages small ones.	5
Collaboration with other countries was found in 753 articles (51.9%) and includes 86 partner countries.	4
Ethics aprroval In this study, the data are all from the WOS database.	0
Daniela Perrotta, National Council of Scientific and Technological Research, University of Buenos Aires,	0
The novelty score of a paper is quantified as the ratio of novel keyword pairs to the total keyword pairs present in the paper (Liu et al., 2022).	3
Abbreviations: IFAR, International Forum of Allergy & Rhinology; JAMA, JAMA Otolaryngology-Head & Neck Surgery; Oto-HNS, Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery.	0
We use this property to build a general model to predict the success in show business.	5
To begin our study, we obtained a list of 2,759 Chinese university names from the official website of the Ministry of Education (MOE) of the People's Republic of China (Ministry of Education 2022).	2
The highest cited article was cited 78 times.	4
Of the 378 reviewers, 283 (75%) used institutional email addresses and the remaining 95 (25%) used non-institutional email addresses.	2
Previous studies and our research both suggest that the efficiency of a collaboration link is significantly influenced by several factors (e.g.	5
The graphs are characterized in terms of topological metrics that are especially designed to characterize academic genealogical graphs.	3
The SAO/NASA Astrophysics Data System (ADS) is an online bibliographic and bibliometric database covering astronomy and astrophysics publications (Kurtz et al.	2
The primary contribution of this research lies in its empirical evidence of the association inherent in current peer review systems with interdisciplinary studies.	5
The authors tested recent claims that content in PMC is of low quality and affects PubMed's reliability, while exploring PubMed's role in the current scholarly communications landscape.	1
This internationalization of submissions is particularly evident for the North Africa/Southwest Asia region where Iran (5.8%) and Turkey (3.5%) dominate (although with substantially contrasting outcomes—see section titled First Decision).	4
In the case of career advancement of type 2, we observe that there is a negative interplay between return mobility and PhD age.	4
The results showed that a set of 50 journals produced about 15% of all references that contributed to the 2-year JIF.	4
The sample consists of 429 academics, employed at 21 law schools.	2
Some considerations about causes and effects in studies of performance-based research funding systems.	0
The EM journal list was adopted from the 2019 JCR category of EM.	2
Strategic and Knowledge Management (blue area) is the most representative thematic area within the conceptual evolution map.	4
Key: Disclosed ?; Preferably disclosed ~ ?; No preference ~; Preferably concealed ~?; Concealed ?.	0
The following subsections show the result of testing our five hypotheses.	0
DynaMed Plus (DMP) was chosen as the point of care reference standard based on its comparative performance in updating as shown in a systematic review, and the availability of its citations of articles published in 2015 (see Acknowledgments).	2
Our main source is the EconLit Publication Database.	2
The set X contains all infinite, non-increasing sequences with elements from N that contain only finitely many non-zero elements.	2
The focus of the study is on international collaboration, where co-occurrence of country names in publications is used as a proxy for international collaboration.	3
The journals in Table 5 are ranked based on the number of respondents that have referred to that particular journal.	0
The precision of an expert-based PubMed query formulation coupled with local knowledge tracks directly to more accurate queries with VIVO Harvester compared to an uninformed query design.	5
Variables of interest included publications per year, citations per article, journal of publication, CiteScore, author's Hirsch (b) index and the revised h-index (r-index).	3
Larson is professor of therapeutic and pharmaceutical research and associate dean for research, Columbia University School of Nursing, New York, New York, and professor of epidemiology, Mailman School of Public Health, Columbia University, New York, New York.	0
Another important finding gained from Table 3 is that the bulk of all economists have transitioned to their first full professorship about seven years after achieving their PhD, while half of all sociologists have not been promoted to the rank of professor, even 11 years after their PhD.	4
Table 3 shows that as a manuscript's sequential rank increases, its probability of a (weak) desk rejection decreases, without any effect on the decision after peer review.	4
Our approach consists in examining the temporal clustering of the co-authorship network amongst Slovenian social scientists.	1
The NSFC has focused more on basic research, such as cell biology and genetics, while the MRC has concentrated more on disease-oriented research, related risk factors and public health.	5
Please note that the link grants access to data in the form of .xlsx and .csv files.	0
In particular, it seems remarkable that China, in the most recent time frame, has finally managed to overtake the US.	4
Internationality Measures collaboration of researchers with foreign researchers.	3
In this paper, we explore the role that impact has in academics' motivations and values and how impact is being integrated into academics' core functions of research and education.	1
In total, our search yielded 13,887 documents, as indicated by the number of unique Web of Science accession numbers included in the result set.	2
Third, I find considerable error in measurement: the ratings of universities ranked around 100th position are difficult to distinguish from those ranked close to 30th; similarly for those ranked at 100th and those at 250th.	5
The authors in the co-author network of Public Administration have the most non-zero betweenness values, which means that the effective rate of betweenness of Public Administration is the highest among the top 10 target categories.	4
We choose to collect entity, research funding, author and citation data from PubMed Knowledge Graph (PKG), a dataset (Xu et al., 2020b) constructed by extracting biomedical entities from abstracts of all PubMed articles with F1 score of 0.51%, disambiguating authors with F1 score of 98.09%, integrating funding data from the publicly available National Institutes of Health (NIH) ExPORTER data files and citation data from Web of Science (WOS).	2
An open-ended question about own understandings of societal impact was included as well in the survey.	3
The case used to demonstrate the evaluation approach is the Competence Center Environment and Sustainability (CCES), a research center in Switzerland that operated for 10 years between 2006 and 2016 with a focus on sustainability science (Kassab, Schwarzenbach and Gotsch 2018).	2
All institutional affiliations were classified into five sectors: universities, scientific institutes, enterprises, hospitals not affiliated with universities, and other sectors.	3
Indeed, as can be seen in Tables 1 and 2, and in Fig.	4
We make use of the Cox-proportional hazard model where the dependent variable is the time that elapses from first degree until promotion.	3
To that end, this paper investigates Swedish–Chinese research collaborations between 2015 and 2021 in the natural, engineering, and medical sciences in a bilateral funding program at a micro-level.	1
Firstly, compliance with funders’ recommendations in terms of the elements included in acknowledgements is analysed.	3
Experimental results also implied that the key-route MPE method is better than forward, and the latter better backward.	5
The research findings suggest that some human factors do in fact exist and that these factors drive students to engage in certain unethical practices of plagiarism.	4
To assess how Croatian open access journal satisfy this recommendation, we performed an analysis of the use of the APC business model and the level of transparency of editorial policies in journal available in the Hr?ak repository.	1
The purpose of this research is to provide a bibliometric analysis of dengue research from 1991 to 2014, and to assess the relationship between the burden of dengue and scientific publications.	1
Top five countries were the USA, England, PR China, Germany, and France.	4
All had used confirmative citations, and 42 (70.0%) had used negational citations.	4
A surprising finding was that no correlation was found between citation number and level of evidence, as defined by objective evidence based medicine references, which may seem counterintuitive, yet likely represents the challenge of linking impact with citation and research quality.	5
Specifically, the study aims to answer the following two research questions:	1
VOSviewer collects the data for building maps using a wide array of bibliometric indicators based on bibliographic coupling, co-citation, and co-occurrence of keywords (Merigó et al., 2016; Valenzuela-Fernandez et al., 2019).	3
– Number of papers in IF journals per million inhabitants (2019); X2 – Number of papers in IF journals per million inhabitants (1996–2019); X3 – Number of citations per paper (2019); X4 Number of citations per paper (1996–2019) (http://scimagojr.com/countryrank.php); X5 – Number of the top 500 quoted by areas (a total of 6,167 in the world) per million inhabitants (2019) (http://recognition.webofscience.com./awards/highly-cited/2020/); X6 – Number of universities on ARWU list in the top 500 (2019) (http://schangairanking.com/ARWU2020.html); and X7 – Global Innovation Index – GII (Score 0–100) (2019) (WIPO, 2020).	2
This is detailed in the section on analysing the subject clusters.	0
We find that the 1990s mark an important normative consolidation of what we consider to be a legitimate funding claim: Ensuring the success of the project and the project's results becomes a major concern in applicant rhetoric.	4
Together, these results suggest that the market response to a retraction event is consistent with Bayesian learning about the author’s reliability.	5
Therefore 23 journals (76.7 %) offered some form of OA option.	4
It included a map of South-west Asia (Central Intelligence Agency, 1996) and nine photos of S.	0
The results of this study indicate that broader categories of evaluation provide a more comprehensive picture of an institution's research translation positively impacting society.	5
On the cited side of the linkage, which countries and types of institutions produce the cited papers?	1
The second tier is California-Berkeley, Columbia, Michigan, Minnesota, Northwestern, Pennsylvania, Rochester, UCLA, and Wisconsin.	0
Since its release, the CORE API Client library has gained moderate popularity within the research community.	4
The aim of our contribution is therefore twofold.	1
Table 3 Major scientific research areas of Africa in contemporary Africa, 2011–2015	0
On the one hand, absolute inequality measures may be preferred to the relative one due to a typical S-curve growth of scientists' research activities.	5
It is found that all law journals that are considered as journals of the highest quality by legal experts are also ranked highly in Web of Science (WoS) and that 40% of the law journals categorised as ‘internationally leading' by the peers are not listed in WoS.	4
This study contributed to exploring the publishing behaviour of Arab social sciences scholars.	5
If indicated, the method also returns various citation measures such as the h- and e-indices.	0
4 reveals that SJR does not have change much for all the journals categories while a clear change can be observed in POJ.	4
Based on the above mentioned data, we can conclude that the journal Izvestiya Akademii Nauk.	5
A warned cheater has a probability to cheat on the final exam 4 percentage points lower than a similar student who was not identified as assignment-cheater.	4
In ResearchGate, however, we find a clear separation between usage (views and downloads) and citation-based metrics (total received citations, impact points, RG Score), and social interaction indicators.	4
Citation matrix of ten journals citing Environment and Plannning B within the Social Science Citation Index 2004	0
Bank marketing's entire conceptual structure is structured into ten major thematic areas.	5
First, we asked whether the c-index would predict AAS fellowship.	1
In April 2008, the National Institutes of Health (NIH) implemented the Public Access Policy (PAP), which mandated that the full text of NIH-supported articles be made freely available on PubMed Central – the NIH's repository of biomedical research.	1
The present study used the Dimensions citations database, which was created by the London-based technology firm Digital Science (www.dimensions.ai/) (operated by the Holtzbrinck Publishing Group, which also has a majority share in the publisher of Nature).	2
From the Scopus database, 58,006 relevant articles, published from 1935 until mid-2018, were retrieved.	2
Table X reveals that P-index invariably matches with g-index across all cases considered and if we leave abnormal statistics of three authors, the average of P-index is (1.03) times g-index.	4
Centrality measure, as an important index to analyze the network, includes degree centrality, closeness centrality, and betweenness centrality.	3
To see if these changes of positions in the ranking for scientific productivity were significantly different between universities in Europe and universities in the United States vs.	3
The health component was determined by selecting the health-related subject areas in Scopus.	2
Since the questions contained in the survey elicited responses on nominal and ordinal scales of measurement, the statistical analyses were conducted using chi-square tests for independence or goodness of fit.	3
All issues published in the journal, from the initial issue to final issue published in 2016, were included.	2
PubMed, Scopus and Web of Science were searched for articles published in biomedical journals with at least one Greek affiliation during the period 1995–2016 (date of last search October 19, 2017).	2
We examined one prominent journal as a case study in this paper.	2
Virality is faster for the first adoption of adopters.	5
The vast majority of documents (96.4%, N=987/1023) state that when journal publication is a mandatory requirement, the university must be the first institution on the paper.	4
While funders focus on research output from projects, they would be well advised to consider how funding ripples through the wide range of people, including trainees and staff, employed on projects.	5
The classification of science is a fundamental research question in scientometrics (De Bruin and Moed 1993).	1
The H-index was applied to analyze the productivity and impact of the main international and Brazilian authors of studies on leishmaniasis.	3
The total number of citations was 9119, with a median (interquartile range) of 3 (1–9) in 6797 documents.	4
We believe our proposed system to be more fair and more efficient than the traditional approach and we take the view that it also will lead to more diversity.	5
In response to the second research question, all of the indicators checked for the subject fields chosen either have too little data (i.e., too many 0 values) or increase the overall difference between Spain and the UK and so none can be suggested as alternatives to reduce the bias against Spain in traditional citation indexes.	5
The information was directly provided by the graduate programs to which researchers are registered and it is collected on a yearly basis for official evaluation and ranking of all master's and PhD programs in Brazil done by Capes.	2
The solution to Equation (2) depends on the initial value of x, denoted as x(0).	0
We aim to examine the network of research collaborations in two Midwest academic emergency departments with the goal of identifying the most- and least- connected and important individuals/groups to the publication network, assessing for gendered differences in network morphology and patterns of collaboration.	1
The average scientific age at which a highly cited author published their most highly cited work is 16.93 years (1st quartile: 1, 3rd quartile 22), though this age ranges from 1 to 42 years.	4
This article presents an overview that systematically maps the historical development, thematic foci and temporal trends of research in Balkan - Southeast European studies.	1
IBM SPSS Statistics (Version 22) was used to examine the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient based on five variables, which were the SA index, the 5-year Impact Factor, the h-index, the total number of published papers in five years, and the number of citations in five years.	3
Our rural co-investigators identified 4 key realms relating to rural POCUS use: equipment, access to training, quality assurance (QA), and research.	3
From the TF-IDF values, we see that each cluster is characterized by unique topics.	4
Annals of Surgery published most articles and received most citations (26,457).	4
This research has made extensive use of the NASA Astrophysics Data System Bibliographic services.	0
Our results suggest that between 26% (1980–2019) and 30% (2018/2019 only) of citations in polar sciences journal articles are not accurate.	5
The results presented here generally confirm earlier findings regarding the low rates of commenting on academic articles.	5
As for country-gender interactions, we find that women are more likely to be excluded relative to men in particu- lar in Spain and Italy, in accordance with H6.	4
Based on empirical data gathered from the CVs of 73 researchers affiliated with an academic research network in Canada, this study used social network analysis (SNA) to examine the association between researchers' structural position in the network and their scientific performance.	1
The discussion examines the findings of this section in relationship to the research questions.	0
For the indexing process, an error correction system for references of papers is implemented.	3
To construct networks of institutional and country collaborations (Figs.	3
We selected 2500 publications at random from this dataset as the comparison group.	2
To introduce and carry out research on COVID-19, researchers in low- and middle-income countries such as the Arab world must develop collaborations and connections with researchers in high-income countries.	5
Patent citation network analysis has been mainly employed with various centrality measures to identify core technologies in a technology network.	3
We obtained the necessary data for our study by conducting a search on the Web of Science (WoS) database to collect arti-cle metadata in the Journal of JMIR Medical Informatics.	2
Over the study period, social media-mentioned articles had a significant increase in GS (68.58±91.27) and Sc citations (34.97±42.2) compared to non-mentioned articles (44.78±58.25 and 23.59±28.24 for GS and Sc, respectively).	4
We have developed a citation-based step-by-step protocol for identifying the L-L papers (Table 2).	3
This paper presented a bibliometric analysis on the publications in the field of earthquake prediction from 1998 to 2007.	5
Our data thus show that number of citations generally increases with peer rating, whether or not self-citations are included (p < 0.001).	0
This research mainly uses bibliometric indicators and analysis tools such as InCites and VOSviewer to analyze highly cited papers in the field of computer science, and obtains the main countries/regions, institutions, distribution of journals, and research hotspots of highly cited papers in the recent 10 years.	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY-July 2009 1321	0
Likewise, after exploring EBSCO’s platform, it was deemed appropriate to include it in the database selection, given that its content is multidisciplinary, it provides access to high-impact journals and it highlights a considerable amount of Latin American publications pertinent to the subject matter.	2
A coauthorship network with 228 subnetworks formed by 1428 nodes was constructed.	4
Therefore, the objectives of this research are to (1) systematically evaluate the conducted research, including research topics, keywords, number of publications of each author (key authors), as well as network characteristics (e.g., density, clustering analysis, and average path length), and (2) show the time-series network visualization and structure of collaborations within the IE research community and quantitative metrics indicating status and influence.	1
Furthermore, the mediation analysis demonstrates that early Mendeley readership partially mediates between early usage counts and citations in the journal and conference papers, with mediation values of 0.257 and 0.130, respectively.	5
Thus, our studies on GEQR evolution using this informetric dynamic co-word network method may help researchers or managers learn GEQR development mechanisms, allowing for further topical selection and policy management of GEQR.	5
The fraction of articles using the identification technology is close to zero until the end of the 1980s and then steadily rises to reach more than 50% in 2012.	4
In compliance with the guidelines from the Ministry of Education requiring higher education institutions to establish dedicated websites for research integrity, this study conducted online statistics on 466 universities to investigate the status of research integrity in Chinese universities with medical programs.	1
This study focuses on the category "Water Resources" in the Web of Science.	2
These scoring systems are a bibliometric indicator = Bi (adopted by the University of Catania for the operations of its researchers) and the cograduazione index of scientific productivity = Ci, for each i = 1 to 1474 interviewees.	3
The authors are grateful for helpful assistance from the scholars we interviewed, and acknowledge the helpful comments and assistance of two anonymous reviewers.	0
Moreover, publications' metadata like titles, abstracts, journal names, publication date, digital object identifier number, and others are collected and updated from sources like PubMed, Embase, BioRxiv, and MedRxiv from “Living Evidence on COVID-19" and "CORD-19."	2
The classification of the orthopedic thesis topics shows in which orthopedics subfield research subjects are concentrated in our country and in which fields, research is needed.	5
This study drew on the Scopus database, a publication and citation database of peer-reviewed international literature often used in scientometrics studies focusing on the social sciences (Etxebarria and Gomez-Uranga 2010).	2
OBJECTIVES: To investigate the scientific research quality level of pharmacoeconomics evaluation literature in China.	1
We identified fifty scholars each of whom has published five articles on this journal.	2
At the end of the disambiguation process, only 7% of the mentions (n = 77,192) remained ambiguous.	4
"If you don't know where you've come from, you don't know where you're going".	0
OA type patterns in the Indian research publications across the six broad research areas.	0
Number of book reviews, the number of book reviews published in a specific category during 2006-2015	0
We counted all collaborations between countries represented by co-authorship on the publications we collated.	3
Support from the ESRC, through the CAGE Centre, is gratefully acknowledged.	0
The findings and results are solely the responsibility of the authors.	0
This actor may be a journal, a person, a country, a university, a field, or another.	0
In total, we received 2,285 responses to our survey, though not all respondents answered all questions.	2
The data used in our analysis comprise papers indexed in Clarivate Analytics's Web of Science Core Collection and published between 2001 and 2015.	2
Acknowledgements We thank the reviewers for their corrections and the suggestion to incorporate the length of the encyclicals into the study.	0
We found that orientation toward more abstract and theoretical issues is conducive for international collaborations, arguably because basic research is less reliant on exchanges of tacit knowledge than studies aimed at technology development.	5
For citation shuffling, we developed a performant citation switching algorithm, runtime enhanced permuting citation switcher (repcs) (Korobskiy, Davey, Liu, Devarakonda, & Chacko, 2019), that randomly permuted citations within each disciplinary data set and within each year of publication: Each citation within each article was switched within its permutation group in order to preserve the number of references from each publication year within each article.	3
We propose the concept of the product engagement score (PE score) to capture how engaging the product itself is as presented in a video.	1
The selected period was 2000–20201, which is long enough to understand how the literature in this field has evolved.	2
The method was implemented in a software system called LabSOM, developed by the Laboratory of Nonlinear Dynamics at the Faculty of Sciences of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) and the company Tecnologías Inteligentes y Modelación de Sistemas (TIMS).	3
Elective opportunities also are available to medical students, including summer research rotations after the first year and one- to three-month independent studies during the third and fourth years.	0
Science overlay maps and a StreamGraph were used to visualize interdisciplinary evolution.	3
Based on data taken from the Clarivate Analytics and Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ), a comparative bibliometric analysis was carried out.	3
Interestingly, however, Western European scholars seem to have, on average, a higher h-index score than North Americans, outperforming them by approximately 2 impact points.	4
To identify the common author(s) in different papers and to create the dissemination networks of errors Histcite (Garfield et al. 2002), a bibliometric analysis and visualization software, is used.	3
We found that median is not a median in the strict sense of the term, percentiles should be used with reservations and care, baselines for the whole world are not unity.	5
The findings of the study revealed low quantity, quality and visibility of research publications by information science academics in Kenya.	4
While interdisciplinarity is required and encouraged, we show here that the actual interdisciplinarity of research fields dealing with heavy rainfall events is mostly considered to be low.	5
The search terms included “COVID-19” OR “*nCoV” OR “Sars-CoV-2” OR “new coronavirus” OR “coronavirus disease 2019” OR “severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2” OR “novel coronavirus” OR “coronavirus 19,” which were restricted to the title, abstract, or keywords.	2
The micro, meso and macro levels discussed in this paper are intrinsically interlinked.	5
For a clearer presentation, Average Ratings were multiplied by 10, i.e., averages per 10 records are shown in the figure.	0
Model 1 shows that S&T human scale is significantly negatively correlated with international academic recognition.	4
A Bradford-like plot was obtained by plotting the cumulative number of references that contributed to the 2-year and 5-year JIF against the cumulative number of citing journals.	4
Acknowledgements: I would like to thank Emmanuella Asabor, Vanessa Bittner, Patrice Collins, Demar Lewis, Chloe Sariego, Philip Smith, and Anne Taylor, all at Yale University, for their helpful feedback on earlier drafts of this article.	0
It is recommended that the four universities should pay adequate attention to these critical issues to develop a more complete structure for managing research, thereby creating a more effective system for formalizing research behaviours.	5
The aim of this study was to identify all published articles from each Irish plastic surgery unit over the past 21 years in the plastic surgery, hand surgery and burns literature and examine each paper individually looking at authorship, year of publication, institution and level of evidence.	1
Considering the predominant contribution of relatively outstanding authors to collaboration in one paper, the collaboration score can be expressed as CollaborationScore=√a	3
As illustrated in Table 3, there is a significant interaction between the occurrence of hyperlinks to pseudo-external domains and the type of website (x2(2, N = 254) = 90.16, p = .05).	4
Nevertheless, editors based outside the "Global North" (the group of economically developed countries with high per capita gross domestic product [GDP] that collectively concentrate most global wealth) were extremely rare.	4
The most frequently mentioned element of scholar paper in the policy documents is the conclusion (ME1.4) of which the percentage is 16%.	4
Model 3 of Table 1 adds controls describing a PI’s publication history in order to ask whether study section scores contain information about the quality of an application that could not be predicted by simply examining a PI’s curriculum vita.	3
All repositories selected had subject collections in psychology, chemistry, electrical engineering, and earth sciences, although the schools may have had differing names for these disciplines.	2
The utility gain from randomness = Ev(q) – v(q*) = Ev (q) – v(Eq)	3
The resulting correlation coefficients as a function of α are shown in Fig.	0
The very low correlation values between the percentage of documents in Q1 journals and the three normalized citation counts can be explained by the fact that there are no Q1 journals in the Arts & Humanities.	4
In the present exercise to measure citation data-based performance, we rely only on the h and C data from Ioannidis et al.2.	3
Quantitative representation of research literature is always of higher evidence than the qualitative worth.	5
Our first task is to predict authors’ future h-indices based on their current scientific impact, which has been explored with data on a small sample of neuroscientists [4].	1
According to Shin and Toutkoushian (2011), “ranking universities is a challenging task because each institution has its own particular mission, focus and can offer different academic programs.	0
Another feature of these WoS metrics is that data are separated according to different publication types of article (original research and review).	3
In order to best measure the presence of a core and get a sharper picture of the scholarship of Persuasion, the authors decided to examine the number of sample sources citing a particular resource rather than simply looking at raw citations to a work.	3
A complete financial statement and scientific progress report are required annually.	0
In our study, 905 articles were identified as OHNS citation classics, compared with 80 in 2001.	4
Published by: Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Institute of Biological Sciences	0
As far as the knowledge fields of the posted papers are concerned, the following stand out: Health Sciences and Medicine, with 33.1% of the papers and 31% of the mentions; Biological Sciences, with 22.3% of the papers and 24% of the mentions; and Environmental Sciences, with 7.4% of the papers and 20% of the mentions.	4
Generally, prior studies show an ascending trend with a steady growth of publications since 2014.	5
It is proposed to consider the following algorithm of actions necessary for qualitative selection of sources of information based on the analysis of the citation network of scientific publications.	1
This effect (and the time-consuming steps to avoid it) makes these indicators (as they currently exist) inadequate for use on a global basis (such as a World University Ranking).	5
We conducted a cross-sectional study of Covid-19 research articles retracted during 2020.	3
Eighty-five universities or higher education institutes were identified which are in the top fifty positions (Top 50) in the respective Latin American rankings.	2
The giant connected component could be split into five main groups with a mix of three main disciplinary topics: sociology of culture and communication (present in two groups), economic sociology (present in three groups) and general sociology (present in three groups).	4
Twitter was the most popular altmetric data resource followed by patents andFacebook.	4
In our study, we have compared effectiveness of h-index and some of its recent variants in identifying the exceptional performers of a field.	1
Axial coding and later analysis were conducted in two main steps: 1.	3
Economists evaluated the edited versions as being 0.2 SD better overall (0.4 points on an 11-point scale).	4
Second, do NSF-sponsored projects accomplish fewer broader impacts related to marginalized groups than advantaged groups?	1
CiteSpace software [15] was used to analyze information about co-authorship countries, institutions, co-cited references clusters, and keywords of strongest citation bursts.	3
Among these, 58,344 documents published in 2020 and 90,642 documents published in 2021 are listed in the Web of Science.	2
We compare not only overall country-level publication counts, but also high quality publication output where publication quality is inferred from the journal Article Influence Scores.	1
Three types of citation practice have been discussed, including closed, dependent, and diversified citations.	4
Using administrative data from the American Mathematical Society (AMS) and the Mathematics Genealogy Project (MGP), we examine the shape of the age-productivity profile of these exceptional mathematicians along a number of dimensions, including the number of papers published, citations received, and students mentored.	2
These findings from a fairly typical, large R1 university point to a potentially important difference between men and women in doctoral programs—namely, authorship of publications.	5
Similarly, the number of citations to OA journals is higher (25,6987, or 78.87%) compared to non-OA journals, which received a total 68,810 (21.13%) citations in the same publication period.	4
Asymmetry in flows takes us to the fourth element of the regime of management of irrelevance: the capacity for translation/diffusion, a process well documented by Rodriguez Medina (2013).	4
Key study areas in EM journals were cardiovascular medicine (20%), toxicology (15%), pain medicine (12%), pediatrics (9%), trauma (7%), resuscitation medicine (3%), emergency medical services (3%), and ED administration (13%).	4
Regression analysis demonstrates that there are two periods of research development that can be seen differently: The coefficient of determination over the whole evaluation period is with r2 = 0.49 comparatively low, whereas the period from 2007 to 2016 evaluated separately shows a strong relation (r2 = 0.89).	4
A comparative analysis between the results of Stanford Core NLP and Tropes, showed a nearly identical output: 99% of the concepts extracted were common between the two matrices, the rest of 1% being generated by the differences between their dictionaries.	4
Luisa Cabeza is the top-one researcher publishing in TES field followed by Dr.	4
Three of the pediatric surgery journals cumulatively have published 30.9% of the total articles.	4
This article identifies the 100 currently most-cited scholars, the 25 most-cited in each PhD cohort and subfield, the 40 most-cited women scholars, and the 25 most-cited emeriti.	1
Discipline assignation of RIs and Sls was done using the National Sciences Foundation (NSF) field classification of journals used in the Science and Engineering Indicators (SEI) reports (National Science Foundation, 2006).	2
In summary, flipping to an open access model in OBGYN journals is associated with a citation benefit to the transforming journals with major authorship changes, which are reflected differently in the various impact levels of the journals.	5
A text-matching software, Turnitin (www.turnitin.com), was used in the study to examine the matching texts of selected Nobel laureates' publications.	3
Acclimatisation is visible and a possible predisposition among both early and late career academics, though couched in different language, for different reasons and not without critique.	5
The data suggest that Vietnam’s scientific output doubled every 5 years.	0
In contrast, during the investigated period, the self-cited rate of Neotropical Ichthyology was over 20% every year.	4
The results suggests that (under control of additional effects that may affect decision prob- ability) the attributes of frontier research, SIMILARITY and INTERDISCIPLINARITY, influence the selection outcome for a proposal, whereas SIMILARITY is the more important attri- bute, influencing selection probability in a positive way.	5
One surprising result is the 5.8 percent of citations by Medicine to Physics articles published in 1995, especially given that Medicine did not cite Physics articles at all in the other years.	0
The notion of tying the broader problems in the current scholarly publishing system to the cancellation of journal collections was a strong theme in the interviews.	4
It can be observed that Chilean social science shows a clear local vector: 42.6% of the references cite Chilean authors and allude to discussions about the country.	4
We conducted a descriptive study of reviewers' comments on manuscripts submitted to the health professions education journal Perspective on Medical Education (PME).	2
The benefits of co-authorship emphasized in the literature do not seem to be as important as they are portrayed to be.	5
The other authors have no disclosures that they consider relevant to this manuscript.	0
This paper examines whether types of scholars-such as those who never leave their doctoral institution or those that have some experience elsewhere, especially abroad, show differential results.	1
I present two types of data about the publication and review process in the accounting, economics, finance, management, marketing, psychology, and natural science disciplines.	1
The dual analysis (in the lower part of Table 9), instead, shows a very small coefficient (0.023), although significant, to indicate that even for public researchers, collaborations with colleagues affiliated to private companies determines a positive impact differential (+2%, i.e.	4
At first blush, our findings seem to indicate that (WOP) researchers are overall satisfied with the current journal-based publishing system.	5
A Wilcoxon signed-ranks test did not reveal any evidence for a difference in geographic representation of authors of submitted papers between traditional versus solicited categories across the 20 countries that contributed at least 1% of all submissions in at least one year between 2018 and 2020 and the pooled submitting authors from all other countries (Z = 0.122, p = 0.903).	4
Using keywords identified in some 2018 and 2020 Molecular Cancer papers, we also verified nucleotide sequence identities in 2020 Oncogene papers that studied miRNA(s) and/or circRNA(s).	3
Fourthly, the proposed SA index can overcome some limitations of the h-index.	5
It has been observed that during 1977–1986, number of publications was comparatively better.	4
Through the utilization of keyword clustering and emerging analysis techniques, the study constructed a knowledge map that intuitively describes the emerging trends and key hotspot in this field.	3
The random forest method (RF) was mainly developed to solve classification or regression problems, but it has been long recommended for use in variable (pre-)selection [64].	3
The first element to compose the regime is the posterior reference.	4
Tetrode was born in 1895 as a son to a wealthy Amsterdam family.	0
The required data were collected using a semi-structured interview and analyzed using Smith and Osborne's (2004) method and MAXQDA 2020 software.	3
Employing a large-scale and cross-disciplinary dataset, our 8-year longitudinal analysis corroborates the rapid accumulation of Mendeley readership, observed over a more extended period than previously reported (Maflahi & Thelwall, 2018; Thelwall, 2017a; Tian et al., 2024).	5
The principal goal of this study is to analyze the evolution of topics and trends in emerging research fields by a combination of entity linking, Mann-Kendall test, and burst detection techniques.	1
The study's results indicate that, except for three teaching aspects, returnee doctorates performed better than domestic instructors regarding interpersonal behaviors displayed in effectively engaging with students.	5
As the size of the newsletter increased, so did the size and complexity of the editorial team and manager.	0
Therefore, this study devised a model based on meta-knowledge (i.e., text information including citations, abstracts, area codes) for prediction of future growth potential using deep learning algorithms and investigated the applicability of the various forms of meta-knowledge to the prediction of future growth potential.	1
With using two different methods that have been recently introduced in the context of the detection and analysis of emerging topics (Gl?nzel and Thijs in Scientometrics 91(2):399–416, 2012), we show that the applied methods prove both stable and representative.	1
This time span is due to the limitations of our subscription to Web of Science Database	0
9—The fraction of papers with more than five authors in each of the seven journals.	0
PLoS set out to explore systematically the possibilities of article-level metrics (ALM), the first version being launched in September 2009.	4
Then, a search was performed using NCBI E-utilities with the appropriate PubMed query language to “Restrict to MeSH Major Topic” and “Do not include MeSH terms found below this term in the MeSH hierarchy” to search the publications in PubMed that are indexed with the subject term but not its narrower terms.	2
Higher education systems featuring intense competition have developed world-class universities, capable of attracting top professors and students and considerable public-private funding.	5
In this study, we used 12 global metrics to concisely characterize the topology of unweighted and undirected graphs computed by the procedure described in the previous subsection:	3
What this study demonstrates is that delayed OA, which is provided mainly by society and commercial publishers and university presses, is important both in volume and in granting access to highly cited scholarly articles.	5
This study sought answers to the following research questions:	1
Lastly, we have journals which have low MI and low SI (degenerative2).	4
Given the widespread use of electronic resources and literature databases, the views or downloads per article reflects the usefulness of the article, and to some extent has become a common index for evaluating the communication power and influence of articles (8).	5
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
By identifying the collaborators of each of the RN members, we obtained a larger social network of 2,360 researchers (73 RN members and 2,287 connected non-RN members) upon which we based our analysis.	2
In our experiments, the warning led to a significant (about twofold) reduction in the rate of cheating.	4
Multivariate regression was used to compare the categorical variables with the main outcome measure, salary.	3
Overall, we retrieved 118461 original articles (92.5%), conference papers (4.4%) and reviews (3.1%), and the unique IDs of 184561 authors from these articles.	4
1, the distribution profile was shifted to the left but did not change significantly in shape.	4
For this purpose, a bibliometric analysis was carried out to identify a total of 1412 journal articles from between 1974 to 2020 using information taken from the Scopus database.	2
1 Other terms to describe such labs include government laboratory, contract research organization, and research association	0
The retraction date (issued by the journal) must be between 2013 and 2015.	2
In this paper, we propose a hybrid methodology to analyze research collaboration networks with an underlying institutional structure.	1
The data were retrieved from Scopus (Elsevier) that is licensed as custom data at the Competence Centre for Bibliometrics1 and is integrated in an in-house database version.	2
We also find that the research rankings of top economics departments are a surprisingly poor predictor of the subsequent research rankings of their Ph.D.s graduates.	4
The results indicate that the 10 metrics produce rankings that are highly correlated.	4
To address this research question, we conducted a narrative meta-analysis of impact case studies drawn from the SSH (in some cases also involving fields from STEM in multidisciplinary partnerships).	2
The results showed that overall the pairs of Nano-Bio and Nano-Info had the highest level of mutual interdisciplinary relations.	4
Hence, the citation topology of WoS database is significantly more reliable than that of DBLP database, which is the least consistent with the rest.	4
The sample includes articles containing Digital Humanities research in the Web of Science Core Collection as of December 2018.	2
To date, university trustees have not been studied as a channel between academe and industry that enables scientific discovery, technology development and economic innovation.	1
Social network analysis is then used to study the relations that are formed on these doctoral thesis committees.	3
Lastly we performed a multivariate regression analysis using TrendMD sponsored and non-sponsored pageviews, as well as organic pageviews to predict a change in Mendeley saves over the 4-week trial.	3
Received 26 November 2020; Received in revised form 27 January 2021; Accepted 28 January 2021	0
By contrast, highly cited articles in general are neither tweeted timely nor promoted by their respective journal accounts.	4
We find that a journal's academic status (impact factor) and accessibility (open access policy) both strongly increase the probability of it being referenced on Wikipedia.	4
We caution that acknowledged funding is not the same as application for, or receipt of, funding.	0
An example of constructing the cooperation network from authors' cooperation relations.	0
Once the number of articles for each journal was collected, we extracted the distribution of keywords through the network analysis and visualization program VosViewer (Waltman et al., 2010; van Eck and Waltman, 2010).	3
Pajek software (Batagelj and Mrvar 1998) was used to create three thresholds for international collaboration network using the adjacency data and VOS-viewer (van Eck and Waltman 2016) to graphically depict the structure of the network.	3
To make comparisons between OA and non-OA books and OA and non-OA chapters, and to enable a comparison with previously reported trends, coverage indicators were calculated for all attention sources, and average values were obtained for Mendeley and Twitter.	3
The top 50 articles had 29–122 citations and were published in 11 English-language journals; most (32) were published in the 2000s.	4
Results showed there was a significant growth in total publications over the past 15 years.	4
The gap between social science and AI research means that researchers and policymakers may be ignorant of the social, ethical and societal implications of new AI systems.	5
Research collaboration was mapped using VOSviewer software, a free online programme available for download from Leiden University [30, 31].	3
Downloaded by [Computing & Library Services, University of Huddersfield] at 16:20 26 December 2014	0
India's research performance in terms of research output, citations, highly cited papers, international collaboration, open access levels, gender distribution and social media visibility etc.	3
Data for our investigation were collected in July 2012 from Thomson Reuters' Web of Science (WoS).	2
Papers were evaluated using bibliometric indicators (a combination of the journal impact factor and number of citations received by each paper), or “informed” peer review by two external referees, according to the characteristics of the research field and of the research paper.	3
In order to gather information on third-party funding, we used the Higher Education Research and Development Survey (HERD) conducted by the National Science Foundation (NSF).	2
“Intersectionally” is in scare quotes to mark my metaphorical departure from its standard use (Crenshaw 1989).	0
We exported the metadata for each article from the WOS.	2
However, academia often criticizes the peer review system as non-transparent, biased, arbitrary, a flawed process at the heart of science, leading to researchers arguing with its reliability and quality.	0
RG of high rank journals instruct reviewers to assess whether the methodology is sound and/or rigorous much more frequently than non-high rank journals (Table 5), supporting Proposition 3.	4
For the evaluation of LIS researchers for tenure and promotion decisions, this finding in regard to h-index suggests that it may provide more equitable valuation of research productivity than looking at raw number of citation counts, while providing more information about quality of publications than just the raw number of publications alone.	5
The biggest blows are caused by rejection rates and lack of access.	4
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Correspondence to: Elías Sanz-Casado, Department of Library Science and Documentation, Carlos III University of Madrid, C/ Madrid 126, 28903, Getafe, Madrid, Spain.	0
In our experiments, we used ACL data set of research papers [19], which contains article details including title, authors, publication date, main content, incites and outcites which are indexed using the multicore architecture of Apache Solr.	2
The study is based on data from the WoS, a scholarly publication database that comprises the world’s leading scholarly journals, books and proceedings in the sciences, social sciences and arts and humanities.	2
To assign each paper to a field, the subject classification of Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) was used, which at the top-level consists of six fields.	3
The present study has some limitations in that we chose only four journals which might not be representative of all scholarly publications in East Africa.	0
Results from the analysis show that CS, as a discipline, values conferences as a publication venue more highly than any other academic field of study.	4
Based on the total number of citations, the most cited paper in IJUFKS was written by Sweeney with 1743 citations, and the papers published in 2002 currently have the most citations.	5
RQ3 – What countries publish in STEM librarianship?	1
In general, no relationship was found between IF and article publication charges, in terms of correspondence between more expensive fees and higher IF.	4
This approach includes two methods of topic modeling: Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) and Text-Net Analysis (TNA).	3
Are students' attitudes, subjective norms, perceived behavioral control (internet literacy, computer literacy, and information literacy), moral obligation, and past behaviors significantly associated with their intention to plagiarize?	1
Participants were asked to select the more deserving candidate and to rate the strength of their preference on a scale from 1 (barely preferred) to 7 (strongly preferred).	0
For improving the performance and effectiveness of peer review, a novel review system is proposed, based on analysis of peer review process for academic journals under a parallel model built via Monte Carlo method.	1
The US Agriculture Department-Economic Research Service subject directory was used in this investigation.	2
All nine journals approached answered, including our own.	2
However, only one of these journals Cuadernos de Trabajo Social, appears in the second quartile, and is also the only one credited as source journal for citation references to other journals.	4
The proposed methodology consists of three significant steps: data collection, integration, and cleaning.	3
The number of research publications in social media in the field of psychology showed a steady upward growth.	4
The USA and Canada were consistently the top two productive countries, and had the most frequent collaborations.	4
We conclude that a key determinant of grant success is simply applying.	5
To this end, we create author publication profiles by employing a high-precision name disambiguation algorithm on Web of Science data (WoS, Materials and Methods), yielding a total of 5,194,173 authors active in 57 different disciplines spanning four macroareas of WoS data, i.e., Life Sciences & Medicine, Physical Sciences, Social Sciences, and Technology (SI Appendix, Table S1).	2
The next section ‘Materials and Methods' describes the data collection and processing methodology in detail.	0
In setting forth to analyze “Big Data,” we confront all three challenges-emerging terminology, common usage phrasing, and intersecting legacy technologies.	1
The line chart in Figure 2 shows that as the number of topics increases, the perplexity initially decreases and then rises, reaching its minimum when the number of topics is 4.	4
This relationship can be quantified by the probability of co-citation, obtained from a null model that statistically defines what we consider pure chance.	3
The USA was in the central position in student mobility flows and scholarly communication on Mendeley, and the same can be said for the UK's position on Twitter.	5
Innovation in the healthcare public sector resulting from R&D activities must be seen as the result not of single discrete changes, but as the result of (as stated in the third edition of the Oslo Manual [OECD/Eurostat, 2005]) “a series of incremental changes, provided those changes together amount to a substantial improvement” (Bloch, 2007).	5
Any further distribution of this work must maintain attribution to the author(s) and the title of the work, journal citation and DOI.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
In the advanced search within Scopus database, the query string utilized in this analysis was as follows: SRCTITLE ("Expert Systems with applications") AND PUBYEAR<2020AND(LIMIT-TO(EXACTSRCTITLE, "Expert Systems with Applications")) AND (EXCLUDE (DOCTYPE, "cp") OR EXCLUDE (DOCTYPE,“er”) OR EXCLUDE (DOCTYPE, “ed") OR EXCLUDE (DOCTYPE, “sh") OR EXCLUDE (DOCTYPE, "no") OR EXCLUDE (DOCTYPE, “le") OR EXCLUDE (DOCTYPE, "cr") OR EXCLUDE (DOCTYPE, "tb") OR EXCLUDE (DOCTYPE,“Undefined”)).	2
Citation: Giraudeau B, Leyrat C, Le Gouge A, Léger J, Caille A (2011) Peer Review of Grant Applications: A Simple Method to Identify Proposals with Discordant Reviews.	0
Note that the WoS contains a compilation of several citation databases, transforming WoS into the world's leading citation database that covers more than 18,000 high-impact journals.	2
In this article, Lotka's law is chosen to perform bibliometric analysis to check the number of publications versus accumulated authors between 1991 and 2012 to perform an author productivity inspection to collect the results for research tendency in the near future.	3
Eligible authors should have at least ten papers registered in WoS in the period 2008–16.	2
In order to work with a sufficiently large data sample, a longitudinal analysis was carried out by performing 64 generic null queries from 1950 to 2013 (one query per year).	2
To ascertain some other relationships and connections between categories or category groups we additionaly visualized our dataset with permutation matrix (de Nooy et al.	3
Generally, our analyses find no substantial differences in writing style between male and female applicants, nor between funded and unfunded applications.	4
The analysis of the phylomemy of glyphosate research at different scales of observation (cf.	4
We anticipate that as this innovation becomes better known it will increasingly be adopted by traditional and non-traditional research groups to easily track their productivity and impact.	5
In summary, the present study provides an overview of how scientific output in the field of WSHE has evolved over time.	5
Our analysis provides a historical perspective on the progress in AD research through a review of landmark papers on this condition, and indicates areas of research that require further attention and investigation.	5
Interdisciplinary papers are the paper-type where most external assistance is required during literature search (M = 2.72).	4
Journal impact factor (JIF) was associated with a 21% increase in citations.	4
Flexibility to adapt to this changing context seems to be a necessary condition for survival.	5
The first laboratory, which I term the “Cancer Lab,” conducts research into the biology of breast cancer.	2
A key issue when looking at citations is what to count.	0
American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology was the most influential journal globally, whereas in 2020, Journal of Maternal-Fetal & Neonatal Medicine became the most prominent one.	4
Correlations were performed using Spearman p (P < 0.05).	3
We included articles published on dementia until 1 August 2019 with at least one author affiliated with any SEA institution.	2
The most prolific authors were Esteva A (citaition = 5,821) and Gillies RJ (citaition = 4288).	4
Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi.org/10.1016/j.intell.2024.101878.	0
After all, how does one segregate the population of research topics into control and treatment groups and observe how interdomainness differs between groups?	0
Educational programs that train students and early career scholars with flexible thinking and analytical capacities may be the key to furthering coupled natural-human systems research.	5
Limitations and future research prospects are discussed in the next section.	0
Number of papers not assigned to one of the 22 categories.	0
In this randomized, blinded crossover experiment in a sample of 347 English clinicians, we demonstrate that changing the source of a research abstract from a low- to a high-income country significantly improves how it is viewed, all else being equal.	1
Before I pass on to the use of bibliometric analysis for research evaluation, I mention here a striking example of such an analysis of scientific collaboration.	0
Given both the significant increase in the number of WoS-covered publications in recent decades and substantial variations in publication and citation cultures, we calculated the ratio of Chilean articles to the total sum of WoS-indexed papers per discipline and per decade.	3
The author also wishes to acknowledge the helpful criticism of three anonymous reviewers.	0
the relationships × functions (RF) matrix (see Tables 1 and 2).	3
Mapping and visualisation are conducted by original tools developed by the authors.	0
* Disclosure of potential conflicts of interest - All authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
The primary objective of the current work was to provide a scientific, systematic, and unbiased assessment of gross features of collaboration in the academic field of environmental engineering.	1
We downloaded two sets of scholarly publications from Scopus.	2
Contrary to conventional wisdom, we find that the involvement of many authors or highly eminent ones, do not relate to higher inter-domain presence of topics.	5
The social framework of TE in ORL was assessed by using VOSviewer, a bibliometric software developed for the construction and visualization of scientific maps</TECHNIQUE>.	3
To examine the language accordance, tweeters are sampled and their tweets are investigated.	3
In conclusion, the nature and impact of Cambodian science outside the SCI-EXPANDED remain unknown, but publications recorded by the SCI-EXPANDED have increased in recent years, concentrate on solving local problems, and depend heavily on international collaboration, following a well-known pattern of science in tropical countries.	5
The title "Positive correlation between quality and quantity in academic journals" nicely summarizes the observations made in the articles mentioned above.	5
Bibliometric analysis is a medical informatics technique used to decipher trends in literature of a particular field or topic.	3
In other words, different dimensions of proximity may be seen as substitutes (Ponds et al.	5
The study is based on the Science Citation Index Expanded and the Conference Proceedings Citation Index – Science databases in the Thomson-Reuters Web of Science system.	2
In order to establish the academic networks, Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) is used to collect publication information of candidates.	2
Triangular citation is a particular citation structure with research value and application significance, and the fundamental mechanism of its formation lies in the indirect citation between Literature A and Literature C.	1
This work has been partly supported by the Spanish administration (TEC2008-06692-C02-01 and TSI2007- 66869-C02-01).	0
Information about publication was collected by searching PubMed.	2
If, instead, researchers continue to pay publishers exorbitant APC, as Poynder points out, there will soon be a crisis over the cost of APC, which would hit research the world over, but research in the developing world will be hit harder.	5
On the other hand, such individual analyses would not have affected the results of the study.	0
Descriptive statistics like frequencies were calculated for categorical variables; while numerical variables were presented in the form of averages.	3
ITGInsight supports various user-defined dictionaries, and they can be used to intervene in natural language processing without directly modifying the original data.	0
As is customary we take a in the form 2 1/d, where d indicates the doubling time of a particular discipline.	0
All articles and reviews published within Sport Sciences' scientific journals edited in Chile until 2014 were included in the present study.	2
We included researchers from specific disciplines and of various ranks (i.e.	2
Firstly, it was found out that nationalities and affiliations of AJTI authors are rapidly being diversified and globalized, implying increasing number of diverse authors have participated in the publication of AJTI.	5
In this approach, each article has a value of 1.0 where senior author receives greater credit for their contribution to the manuscript.	3
The two stereotypes did not show a significant difference in the annual growth rate of the volume of publications, implying that comparable attention has been paid to advancing the knowledge of formerly-established subjects and exploring innovative subjects of environmental engineering.	4
I have shared my code and data in the mentioned URL in the paper	0
Our study revealed that the proportion of OA references has increased over time for all publications and country groups.	4
A minority of the researchers responding to the survey reported that metrics were reasons for considering something to be the best research.	4
In computer science, 81.4 percent of coauthored articles resulted from researcher-researcher and researcher-student collaborations.	4
1026 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2014	0
Citations received by 3675 articles across 484 issues published in three top information science journals are analyzed based on the condition of whether an article was published in an issue that includes a “highly-cited” paper (two standard deviations above mean number by year).	2
Collaboration Measures the number of distinct collaborators of a researcher in a given interval.	3
The country that produces the highest quantity of papers is China, which has produced 1869 documents over the last decade, followed by the United States, Korea, Japan and Germany.	4
The results provide an empirical contribution to the discussion regarding whether science can be measured and how, and reinforce the importance of evaluations where the use of quantitative data is defined and the differences between areas are accounted for.	5
In a second part, questions pertained to the citations referred to in the patent.	3
Another algorithm developed by the follow-up researchers worth mentioning is search path link (SPC), which was proposed by Batagelj (2003).	3
Our work contributes to a growing body of literature around addressing the issue of e-waste.	5
Secondly, hieratical regression analysis technique was applied to test the effects between independent variables (pressure, self-efficacy, and self-competency) and dependent variable (plagiarism).	3
We also examined these articles' academic impact and correlations with their corresponding authors' countries of affiliation.	3
Our conclusions are then presented in “Conclusions” section to close the paper.	0
Only 24 prominent journals belonging to the LIS are considered, and the scope is limited to 5 years only.	1
VOSviewer contains an algorithm able to extract terms from titles and abstracts using natural language processing tools.	3
The second indicator is CCI which is an iterative indicator similar to the pagerank-index.	5
The study is based on more than 15,000 papers.	2
For identifying authors and keeping them separate we use a combination of automatic and manual disambiguation methods.	3
An article was coded as part of one of these five categories on the basis of its argumentation.	0
A significant difference was found between mean citations and mean usage counts (U2) in a few research areas.	4
Despite being aware of the inevitable imperfection of all things in this world (including bibliometric databases!) and that errare humanum est, such negligence often made us doubt about the real level of care in data indexing/management.	5
International collaboration in research has enhanced the chances of publication, which was not the case with domestic collaboration.	5
We use the following linear regression in studying the relationship of geographic mobility and publication productivity,	3
The search results indicated 5470 publications related to coastal floods.	2
This article reports the results of a survey of the 2567 journals, or 26% of journals listed in DOAJ, that do have APCs based on a sample of 1432 of these journals.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:540409 []	0
A lack of consensus around membership in the community was the most significant impediment to blog discourse as public peer review in high-energy physics.	4
The KW Plus terms and the MeSH terms have different distributions (figure 2), with a steeper slope in the case of the MeSH terms (intercept = 0.68, slope = -1.58, R-squared = 0.9669) than in the case of the KW Plus terms (intercept = -0.62, slope = -1.01, R-squared = 0.9631).	4
We draw from these concepts of institutional theory to contrast the two models of governance of the scientific body of knowledge presented above professional self-regulation and public health outreach and contact reporting.	3
The United States emerged as a preferred destination for internationally mobile authors, with strong connections to China (from the early 2000s), Canada, and several prominent European countries, most notably the United Kingdom, Germany, and France.	5
A total of 2,199 keywords were used for the analysis.	2
4.1 Configurations of discovery dimensions and associated disciplines and considerations of use	0
However, the tightly clustered network of core NACP co-authorships supports the hypothesis that the NACP is a community both in name and in practice, and that myriad social pathways exist for knowledge sharing and collaboration across the majority of members.	5
The paired t-test evaluating the mean difference between the positions of the first and last author of the 14 articles with four or more co-authors demonstrated a statistically significant difference (t=3.086; gl=13; p=0.009).	4
We took advantage of the Hungarian Scientific Work Archive (Magyar Tudományos M?vek Tára—www.mtmt.hu) to assess all grant holders (including current grantees and those already finished their 5-year grants).	2
*I note that this paper has three precise topic references (1974 and 1975) and two background ones (1965 and 1974).	0
Journal publisher web sites were the most likely version where an article would be indexed with 864 (87.8 percent) of the total 982 articles examined having a publisher version.	4
Does the two-dimension measure combining the CD index and scientific impact effectively identify revolutionary science?	1
We compared and analyzed the following parameters: time taken (days) for the publication process, distribution of the specialties among the corresponding authors, the multicity nature of the participating institutions, the main disease entity, the study type, and study design.	3
This paper considers the pattens of international collaboration by analysing publications on COVID-19 published in the first 6 months of the pandemic.	1
However, papers published in journals levying APC are cited more times on average.	4
The first and fundamental network is the Publications × Acknowledged Entities network (PEN).	3
In this paper, we therefore explore the micro-level behavior of researchers as they venture into a promising space for interdisciplinary research, namely translational research—a bridge between basic and applied biomedical research.	1
Study 3 (within-subjects design) and Study 4 (between-subjects design) tested whether nonscientists would perceive preprints as less credible than peer-reviewed articles after receiving an explanation of preprints and their lack of peer review.	3
6 shows that the RelRank outperforms the other methods in terms of finding more editors and chairs at most of the cutoff values (p ∈ (0,100]) on the three test datasets.	4
We did not find early warning signs in tweet texts regarding one publication, but we did find tweets that casted doubt on the validity of the two other publications shortly after their publication date.	4
The majority of scientific fields were never honored with a Nobel prize in the examined period (1995–2017).	5
Highest number of articles published by any single biomedical journal was 28.	4
If A was cited by B and B was cited by C, then A was the backward citation of B and C was the forward citation of B.	0
It addresses the question, how did the COVID-19 pandemic impact the debate on open science?	1
The intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC) was used to assess the agreement between two methods and ensure the robustness of the estimation [30].	3
The findings of the current research can be useful to several groups, including researchers, journal editors, publishers, administrators of academic institutions and so on.	5
With the exception of RG scores, all measures were computed using Harzing’s (2010) Publish or Perish, Version 4.1.	2
*p < .05; **p < .01; ***p < .001 (two-tailed tests).	0
One should be aware that time must elapse after publication of a paper before a meaningful citation analysis can be made.	0
More precisely, our objective is to explain the intensity of international collaborations in pharmaceutical research by similarities and differences in the scientific environment of collaborating countries, such as support of science, the institutional settings, overlaps in the knowledge bases, and cultural linkages.	1
Key results are shown for one subject area, and inter alia it appears that the majority of researchers of Indian origin who are active in lung cancer research are working in the USA.	4
We approximated the scientific productivity of countries through the number of publications in all the scientific disciplines for the period 2003–2014, using data from SCImago Journal and Country Rank (www.scimagojr.com).	2
To study this at the level of journals, we conducted a series of nonparametric Mann-Whitney tests.	3
Through the analysis of the three paths, several findings are concluded: First, most papers on the global main path focus on academic impact assessment, including three entities: papers, authors and journals.	5
This study explores the affiliation naming proximity issue regarding Chinese university names, drawing on publications retracted as of 31 December 2022, as documented by the RWDB.	1
Taken together, our analysis suggests that luck consistently affects career impact across all considered sectors and improves our understanding in pinpointing the key elements in driving success.	5
For female scientists, the peer effect of returnee young scientists was not significant.	4
The datasets used for the analysis have been made available online [47].	0
To conduct co-authorship analysis the study considered the following steps -journal selection and the scope of the data, data preparation and analysis:	3
On the 350th anniversary of journal publishing in 2015, the International Association of Scientific, Technical and Medical Publishers released a report stating that the current rate of publications is approximately 2.5 million new articles per year [2].	4
This study aims to explore the dynamics of the Cuban international scientific collaboration from 1900 through 2023.	1
It also examines the development of LIS from 1965 to 2005 in light of comparable data sets for the years 1965, 1985, and 2005.	1
There were 1000 publications identified from 2008 to 2018, an average of 91 publications per year.	2
Our study suggests that to increase a department's h-index, it is important to foster impactful research from within the faculty ranks of the department.	5
In addition, the degree of association was measured using the contingency coefficient and Cramer's V.	3
The distribution of document types of unique GS citations greatly differs from that of citations that were also found by WoS and/or Scopus.	4
Each of the top 10 countries increased their share of the world's Scopus-indexed publications, as can be seen from the Article line (% share of the world's articles) having an upward slope in Figures 1-10.	4
4 and 5), while for the least well-cited articles at the time of death (own bottom 10%), the boost is an even more remarkable 91% (col.	4
Our findings indicate that PlumX has broader coverage of hot papers compared to Altmetric.com.	4
In this paper we focus on proximity as one of the main determinants of international collaboration in pharmaceutical research.	1
The results of our model lead to important direct and indirect policy conclusions.	5
In this work, we perform ranking evaluation experiments on three publicly available datasets, i.e., arXiv (hep-th), Cora, and MAG (https://aminer.org/open- academic-graph).	2
In Study 2, questionnaire measures of medical researchers' personal dispositions and 10 y of PubMed data indicating their publications' topical coverage revealed how dispositions differentially predict depth vs.	2
This is the author's version of a work that was submitted to / accepted for publication.	0
Acknowledging these cautionary remarks, the results of this exploratory case study suggest that indicator-based methodologies are able to, retrospectively, find potential breakthrough research papers relatively soon after their publication in the open scientific literature.	5
Specifically, when junior leaders are paired with senior leaders, it significantly increases team citation ranking by 1–2 %, in comparison with two leaders of similar age.	4
The focus of the analysis was on the form of publishing and the open-access status of the top journals in which UCT publishes.	3
The results of the present study confirm the profile of citing authors being comparable to that of publishing authors in potential predatory journals and potential poor scientific standards journals.	5
In addition, scholars from top-tier universities showed the "high peak" and "early peak" patterns in their careers, while scholars from mid-tier or low-tier universities displayed the "early peak" and "flat" patterns.	4
This paper adds to the existing literature by examining whether a shift from Web of Science's "restrictive" citation index to Google Scholar's more "inclusive" citation tracker (Harzing & Mijnhardt, 2015) has any implications for the relative citation-performance of women and men.	1
An analysis of HKU publication data showed that the OA source titles in these broad categories had a lower range of JIFs than the traditional non-OA titles.	4
There is limited research on compensation management and employee relations management, so the current HRM research field still has not been able to present a complete and systematic roadmap.	5
Publications of organizations on the eHealth Catalogue of Activities were collected in 2015 and 2017.	2
The initial sample consisted of 1,396 scientists who were faculty members in 1994.	2
To offset the variation in legal stances presented by the platforms, the ethical stance adopted for the academic networking project did not use the public square argument, but sought informed consent from potential participants before their networks were collected.	3
A p value smaller than the significance level 0.05 indicates that the null hypothesis that the distribution follows a power law can be rejected	0
This study shows that through application of the Bradford's Law of Scattering, a valuable tool can be developed for wider use in both selection and deselection of journals.	5
We present the results of 2 studies, a citation-based study and an opinion-based study, that ranked the relative quality of 20 English-language journals that exclusively or extensively publish mathematics education research.	1
Overall, the results confirm that the evaluation of societal influence of OA journals is used as supplement to the evaluation of academic influence.	5
Thus, the institutional pressure stemming from factors that constitute normative and cultural-cognitive elements dictate the conduct of an accounting academic positioned in Anglophone SSA's universities.	5
To select the journals, the authors collected a random sample of social science and humanities scholars' CVs.	2
We found no significant change in the production of artistic outputs, and therefore no evidence of effects of evaluation on artistic production.	4
The above calculations were also applied to Scopus citation counts for comparison purposes.	3
To be included as a measure, proposed variables fit the following requirements.	0
Specifically, IBPCA extracted 12 factors, accounting for 90.138% of the total variance, while IPCCA only used 5 factors, accounting for 97.327% of the total variance.	4
The following descriptive data were collected for each article: year of publication; all authors' names; authors' institutional affiliations; and authors' countries.	2
This publication search yielded a total of 151 articles.	2
3B) and were less frequently cited after publication (Fig.	5
This paper offers an integrated analysis of multiple dimensions of network interconnectedness of the growing IS discipline.	1
When in doubt, err on the side of generosity towards CS participants.	5
We thank the China Scholarship Council for funding Zhilong Xie's visit to the University of Sheffield.	0
...men's average annual productivity over the five years is about 50% greater than women's when only articles are counted.	4
A total of 160 authors contributed to the topic burnout among radiologists, with an average of 3.26 authors per paper.	4
Acknowledgements We are grateful to Tecnologico de Monterrey, which supported this study through the Intelligent Systems Group and Elsevier to develop this research.	0
In mainland China, the number and impact of research showed an increasing trend over the study period.	4
To conduct this study, we used three main data sources: the Retraction Watch database, Web of Science, and Journal Citation Reports (both belonging to Clarivate Analytics).	2
We use the data available for download in November 2012, which cover years 1946–2011.	2
Since only five or fewer terms could be compared at once, we had to use the following multiple comparison method to obtain the relative search volume data for all 50 companies in the study.	3
Figure 3 shows that the policy association networks possess clear and distinct characteristics in each stage of development.	4
(2018) that it has the best abstract classification performance among the basic supervised classification algorithms.	3
1, the distribution of clusters is very non-uniform, with the two top clusters (Genetic Diversity and Gene Sequencing being by far the most popular in the full dataset.	4
The term megacitation is a theoretical rationale for converting, or distilling, a qualitative piece of writing into a quantitative metric.	5
The WoS record fields used for our investigation are: corresponding e-mails, mailing address, nationality of the corresponding author, citation times, publication venue, the discipline to which a publication belongs, the publication year and volume.	2
These results proves that the sea-level rise algorithm succeeds in adapting locally to the internal dynamics of the branches and in producing better precision and recall couples.	4
By comparing author order and contribution disclosures on more than 12,000 articles in the biological and life sciences, we then show what information about these components can be inferred from authorship order and from currently used contribution disclosures.	3
The multivariate analysis was utilized to determine the correlates that best discriminate between the editors and the noneditors.	0
Retrieved data were analyzed for the following metrics: publication count, citation count and impact, diversity of output in terms of discipline, collaboration (co-authorship) and impact, country (geographical) distribution, and gender contribution (Table 1).	3
Finally, 326 articles were considered for the bibliometric analysis of this study, according to PRISMA principle (Fig.	2
The goal of this study is to enrich the toolset for predicting breakthroughs in scientific research.	1
Total number of dental publications per year indexed in PubMed (Medline).	0
To investigate cooperation between countries and institutions, data of references were gained from WoS as plain text files and analysed.	3
The Diamond core list is used to determine essential, general journals within economics (e.g., Sussmuth, Steininger & Ghio, 2006), and is often used to justify the included journals on a shorter list (e.g., Kalaitzidakis, Mamuneas & Stengos, 1999; Medoff, 2006).	0
Studies on implant overdentures have increased remarkably over the past 35 years (1986 to 2021).	5
Please note that this paper builds upon our previous work in Arnaboldi et al.	0
We address this challenge by analysing the behaviours of researchers, which will help scientific leaders in developing strategies and policies relevant for the variety of behaviours.	1
The continuants indicator is inspired by Moed (2005, p.	3
This is partly due to objective reasons, which are discussed in [8–13].	0
The overall response rate was 70.8% (136 valid answers) for researchers and 52 % (144 individuals) for hosts.	4
Research Question 1: What is the frequency of retractions from scholarly journals in business and management studies?	1
TJH now fulfills this requirement and is proud to be a member of the open access community.	5
Summarizing, taking into account that the middle and the young generation of psychologists are already connected to the international standards in the field, Romanian psychology is somehow on safe grounds on medium and long-term.	5
For a visualization we relied on the VOSViewer software to construct heat-maps showing the number of times a particular discipline is counted in each of the four periods.	3
The study aimed to determine the frequency of publication in scientific journals of the documents to obtain the professional title of dental surgeon by undergraduate dental students at a private Peruvian university over seven years.	1
The data were retrieved and analyzed through the Web of Science platform on 26th September 2016 from the library of Shanghai Jiao Tong University, China.	2
In September 2014, the citation search was performed using the Science Citation Index Expanded of the ISI Web of Science (Thomson Reuters, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania), which has been conducted in the similar studies [18,26,30].	2
It is, however, entirely unclear how important quotation errors are for the message of quoting articles.	1
This paper proposed a model for estimating the variability of the h-index by means of the informetric model by Egghe and Rousseau (2006), which relates the variability of h with that of C and P</METRIC>.	5
RQ5: Which is more influential, the first author or the team maximum in RQs 1–4?	1
We also partition all publications into three groups, low-, medium-, and high-cited publications, based on their numbers of citations.	3
We selected authors who (a) have at least three articles in the RISC in the past 5 years, because we strive to survey active sociologists; (b) have published most of their articles in journals classified by the RISC as journals in sociology, or have the bulk of their citations coming from such sources; and (c) are registered in the RISC and have a contact email address in their profile (details are available in Guba & Tsivinskaya, 2023).	2
Reviewer performance of this study was investigated on consecutive manuscripts with invitations made from January 1 to December 31, 2016.	2
Most of the highly cited articles were published in 1990s, with 43 articles (56% of total 77 articles), followed by 2000s with 20 articles (26%).	4
The answer, we have shown, lies in the intrinsic connection between quantification and neo-liberal societies: higher education is only one more field of the social – maybe one of the very last – where the liberal governmentality described by Foucault reorganizes power relations and ways of thinking according to the metrics-based logics of control theorized by Deleuze.	5
The researchers presented a median 5 of the H index in the Scopus? database, and a median 3 in ISI.	4
This correlation highlights that assessing the values of author fitness and PA within scientific domains or its research subject matters is an accurate method to predict the future relevant lines of research or important authors within the field.	5
Among the computer scientists recorded in the DBLP, Cabanac (2012) identified those 2,849 researchers who serve as gatekeepers for the 77 core journals in Information Systems, which is a subfield of computer science.	2
The data shows that experienced researchers, with significant career time and many publications in non-indexed journals, are publishing in predatory outlets.	4
Invitations were sent to approximately 12,600 potential participants; 2,117 responded to at least one question, for a response rate of 16.8 per cent.	2
The findings of the present study, in terms of citation impact using the h-index and citations per paper and journal, offer a relatively strong case for OA scholarly publishing of health and medical research in Africa.	5
Six thousand academic articles cited material from the NYT in 2010.	2
Slow growth, high interdisciplinary collaboration, and a low level of funding are peculiar characteristics of research in this field.	5
Based on our meta-ranking, Table 5 highlights the ranking order of journals within the OR/MS/POM domain.	4
The Diffusion of Innovation Theory by Rogers served as the study's main guide, and 15 research scientists from Ghana's Council of Scientific and Industrial Research's Crop Research Institute provided qualitative data for the study through semi-structured interviews and the interpretivist research paradigm.	3
The UCINET and NetDraw softwares were used to draw and analyze the co-authorship network of the papers.	3
Results suggest that computer science journals published more funded than unfunded papers.	4
The 104 journals are ranked using eigenfactor and article influence scores as well as the percentile rank for each journal within its Institute for Scientific Information category.	3
The third class deviates slightly but the last class deviates strongly from a normal distribution.	4
The coefficient for Industry + U&PROs joint publications, on the other hand, is positive (+4.2%, i.e.	4
The data analysed in this article consists of all Scopus-indexed journal articles from 2014 to 2020, as downloaded in January 2021 using the Scopus API.	2
The results of the current study revealed a moderate ATP among the faculty members of Egyptian universities.	5
Specifically, what are the differences between genders and disciplines?	1
Seven clusters were formed from R & D data (Figures 1 and 3, Table SIII).	4
This data suggests that the library's collections are a valuable tool that supplies the majority of ORNL researchers' information needs.	5
The analysis was anchored in a grounded theory perspective (Charmaz, 2006; Strauss and Corbin, 1990), which emphasizes iterative data analysis and the inductive generation of theoretical concepts.	3
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content in a trusted digital archive.	0
Our results on the PubMed Baseline show that Dimensions and NIH-OCC are the ideal data sources to retrieve PubMed-to-PubMed citations at no cost, with high coverage and accuracy.	5
We therefore argue that an inequality is constantly reproduced and growing over time that implies barriers especially for early-career researchers.	5
Okulicz-Kozaryn (Scientometrics 96:679–681, 2013) examined the readability issue in terms of the proportions of adjectives and adverbs in research articles.	1
The former includes a selection of users characterized by high RG Scores (99 observations excluding currently missing profiles).	2
For an illustration of these relationships, see figure S2 in the OSF repository.	0
Older journals (those founded before 1953) and nonprofit journals tend to have high reputation scores relative to their citation impact.	4
Downloaded from soc.sagepub.com at GEORGIAN COURT UNIV on April 7, 2015	0
2016)—a program which has been designed for RPYS.	3
We used BibExcel software due to its ability to prepare the data for further network analyses.	3
We have data on 2,152 articles submitted to the VQR.	2
Thirty-nine (46.9%) retracted articles were published in a journal with an impact factor greater than 2.	4
This paper aims to visualize the incidental break-out of scientific information concerning the new coronavirus disease (COVID-19).	1
A crucial point is that most of these errors could probably be avoided by adopting some basic data checking systems.	5
With that said, I can confidently extend my claim to say that Sotudeh et al.'s study provides no new evidence for a societal impact for the Author-Pay Open Access Publications model.	4
Among various authorship-related factors, which factor best explains citations of conference papers?	1
The data included internal memoranda and published accounts by NASA's scientists, engineers, and historians.	2
We performed hierarchical cluster analyses of author contributions for first, last, and middle authors separately for studies with > two co-authors to visualize the individual contributions that tended to co-occur among co-authors at those three positions.	3
Τo ensure precise author matching, the so-called Scopus Author Identifier was used.	2
Funding panels are more likely to give European Union early-career grants to applicants connected to the institutions of some of the panellists, a study of the 2014 funding round suggests.	1
In all the three journals, China had the maximum contributions, succeeded by USA.	4
There are also practical considerations, such as the amount of space available vis-à-vis the number of manuscripts submitted.	0
FIGURE 1 Proportion of pediatric hematology-oncology (PHO) clinical full-time equivalents (FTEs) composed of physicians and advanced practice providers (APPs) from 2012 to 2015 ASPHO Directors' Workforce Survey	0
As the understanding of dominant methodologies has an implication on a researcher's reputation and promotion (Hanson & Grimmer, 2007), identifying such techniques is important.	0
The rest of this section elaborates on the three new impact types discovered.	0
The correlations between the number of publications of the countries and the Gross Domestic Product (GDP), and the Gross Domestic Product per capita (at purchasing power parity; GDP PPP) values was analyzed using the Spearman's correlation coefficient.	3
Our analysis is based on 19 589 166 articles for each of the textual and classification information were available (92% of all articles indexed in Web of Science during 1991–2014).	2
The aim of this study was to assess the quality of the information flow and scientific collaboration, two factors we believe to be critical for finding new solutions for the ongoing pandemic.	1
The records of the journals that have changed their name during the analyzed period have been unified under the most recent name of the journal, such as "Mathematical Geology" which changed, in 2008, its name to "Mathematical Geosciences."	0
The research publication data from the SAARC countries during the period 2001–2019 was obtained from Web of Science.	2
The present study measures the correlation between vendor platform statistics, link-resolver click-through statistics, and citation data to determine if one source of data, rather than all three, can be used to reliably indicate high- and low-use journals and assist with making subscription decisions.	1
For the measure of name ethnicity, following a tradition in studies of innovation, we adopt a name analysis approach using the NamePrism API (Ye et al 2017; Ye and Skiena 2019).	2
Residency program, more research staff, clinical workload redistribution and research motivation/initiatives are key strategies that could improve scientific productivity of a center.	5
In this study, novelty, fast growth and impact were measured to derive emerging technology candidates.	3
The median number of citations per year was 14.91.	4
In August 2009, a search of these databases limited to Articles and Reviews yielded ~23,500 records for PD and ~11,000 records for CD.	2
The second objective is to generate detailed feedback reports to research leaders at study-included facilities, as a form of quality improvement (discussed further below) feedback intervention.	1
Children's Hospital Informatics Program and Department of Neurology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, Harvard Medical School, 75 Francis Street, Boston, MA 02115, USA	0
According to the Journal Citation Reports of the Web of Science Core Collection of Clarivate Analytics, the journal has a 2-year impact factor of 3.678 and a 5-year impact factor of 4.488.	4
The objective of this study was to investigate the evolution of hydrogen research and its international scientific collaboration network.	1
The original WoS content categories (subject areas), which include articles regarding curare, were analyzed in decade periods to illustrate time shifts from 1900 to present.	3
The graduates of the largest cardiology program in Brazil had a progressive incremental in the total number of publications until 2007, mainly as a consequence of the expansion of the community of researchers.	4
The cycle of citation and journal ranking creates an elite group of publications that shapes much cross-cultural research.	4
We constructed a time-series dataset of 10,049 scholars with 779,190 corresponding articles published from 1965 to 2015.	2
However, for all subsequent analyses, the studies were dichotomized into industry-funded and unfunded studies to correlate the parameters, which may directly guide the industry's partnership motivations for financial investment.	0
We found that a significant rank correlation between universities' field specialization and their performance appears only in a few areas, and overall, the rankings are completely unrelated.	4
Here we try to identify the subtle factors of this collaborative effect by analyzing metadata and citation counts for co-authored papers in the biomedical domain, after accounting for attributes known to be strong predictors of citation count.	1
The universities were also compared according to institution type (i.e., Group of 8 (Go8), the Australian Innovative Research Universities (IRU), the Australian University Technology Network (ATN), the Regional Universities Network (RUN), and the un-aligned Universities across years.	1
The starting point for the analysis was fixed as 1996 because Scopus has only been adding references since then (Scopus, 2015).	2
Next, in all models in Table 4, we find a positive, significant main effect of disciplinary diversity on publication impact, suggesting that faculty collaborations from multiple fields are positively associated with citations.	4
Over the period 2012–2018, entrants on average actually served to reduce AQS levels as their average quality was below the average in 2012.	4
To ensure homogeneity of the data, only documents registered as journal articles in Scopus were included.	2
For those 260 publications, the sum of total citations during this time period was 2432 (1360 without self-citations), and the citation-to-work ratio was 9.35 with h-index of 25.	4
Noticeable within 2 years after publication is an above average influx of researchers and of organisations.	4
The most frequent keyword is "Trust" followed by "Innovation", "Performance" and "Relationship Marketing".	4
A larger node size means that the node has a higher number of occurrences, indicating that some concepts and meanings of the words are predominantly connected to the rest of the network.	0
The global camel research output was originated in 104 countries, of which the top 15 contributed 87.44 % share of the total output, with individual country publication share varying from 2.14 to 13.47% during 2003–2012.	5
At the same time, the collaboration patterns of non-participating universities did not change significantly.	4
The problem of measuring the scientific excellence of research institutes and universities is one of current and continued importance (De Bellis 2009).	1
From the table, the research has shown that the three indicators had relationships, which had the highest download and multiplexing.	4
This paper aims to examine the grey literature archiving pattern at open-access repositories with special reference to Indian open-access repositories.	1
A data set of over 70,000 references was generated after automatic data gathering and manual inspection for errors.	2
Finally, analysis of recent College graduates highlighted a significant decline in bibliometric outcomes pre- and post-fellowship.	4
Data was retrieved from Scopus ultimo March 2020.	2
We have built two different GLM models (one for citation rate and another for self-citation rate), both of them using a Gaussian distribution with the identity function.	3
Bibliometrics is the research field of information and library science that studies bibliographic material by using quantitative and statistical methods (Broadus, 1987; Pritchard, 1969).	3
Received April 25, 2013; revised August 6, 2013; accepted August 6, 2013	0
To complement our interview data, we use bibliometric information to address the evolution of the characteristics of the publication output in the two departments.	2
Investment (United Kingdom pounds) and publications were compared to generate an 'investment per publication' metric; similarly, an ‘investment per citation' metric was also developed as a measure of the usefulness of research.	3
The preprint-publication linker we designed matches preprints with subsequently published articles.	5
I measure the similarity of the knowledge base of authors and different types of co-authors with the cosine similarity that was first introduced in information science by Salton and McGill (1983).	3
For abbreviations of diseases used in this study, please refer to Table A.3.	0
To address these limitations, this study is designed to compare macroscopic properties of coauthorship networks generated from a proxy of ground-truth data and disambiguated by FD, AD, and HD, in five different academic fields and an interdisciplinary journal.	1
The Center of Open Innovation Network for Smart Health (COINS)3 was selected as a case study.	2
For example, use of Dialog's DIALINDEX can be an important early step in identifying databases likely to contain relevant citations.	0
The models were validated by training them on SNIP data for the period 1999–2014, using the models to predict SNIP values for 2015, and then comparing these values to the actual SNIP values in 2015.	3
Table 2 Overall median of the standard bibliometric indicators and h index	0
SCR was defined as (self-citations/total citations) × 100.	3
We then used hierarchical regression models to examine the predictors of these publications, controlling statistically for PIs’ productivity before their project began (an estimate of the baseline likelihood of their future productivity).	3
The results reveal that global traffic ranks, number of page views, number of links and time on site of Indian research institutions are low.	4
Our analysis, using a corpus of more than 250,000 publications published before 2010, reveals that overall, citations and altmetrics in BibSonomy are mildly correlated.	2
To illustrate the point consider a story, which may be true or fictional.	0
Our study aimed to contribute to the literature by evaluating the following hypotheses: Hypothesis 1: Authors with an individualist cultural background tend to self-cite more often than other authors.	1
Documents including searching keywords in their title, abstract, or author keywords from SCI-EXPANDED were assessed.	3
To provide a scientometric analysis in the field of glaucoma.	1
Bibliometric analysis is a widely used and well-established instrument for quantitative and qualita- tive statistical evaluation of articles on a particular topic or field within a certain date range [3, 8].	3
The objective of this study is to compare the two description systems in documents about cannabis research to find the concordance between systems and establish whether there is neutrality in topic mapping.	1
The result of our study indicates that 64% publish their research primarily for the sake of interest, 34% respondents publish for personal career progression or “Academic Performance Indicator” (API).	4
The study sample comprised nine researchers with a long personal trajectory of interdisciplinary research between the sciences and the humanities.	2
This study addressed two main research questions, i.e., whether the constantly increasing attention to citation counts and bibliometric indicators has led to an incentive for academics to boost such metrics through the exchange of citations, and, if so, whether this behaviour is rewarding in terms of career impact.	5
There were a total of 1109 research publications (raw) in the four dominant research journals during the 2000's.	4
– 1}; and II—with all DAO values from papers with N ∈ {N*, ..., max}.	3
This study shows that, in fact, liberal democracy is a significant predictor of international research collaboration.	5
The most commonly utilised journal was the Journal of Urology, which published 58 of the top 150 cited hypospadias papers (39%).	4
We investigated how academic capital collected in the Global North contributes to the international success of Global South authors, and the alternative ways in which Global South researchers raise their visibility.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Information overload has led to activities to install processing devices that help to find, structure and analyze important subject areas within the flow of information as well as track whether and how such subject areas may vary over time.	1
A vast majority, 70.5%, of the 1,546 articles visited by participants are in Finnish, 28.4% in English, 0.6% in Swedish, and 0.6% are in German and Italian.	4
This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).	0
To identify affected Chinese university names and their affecting university names, we manually checked the affiliation names in all the retraction data entries retrieved for the identified potentially affected Chinese university names.	3
The language of scientific tweets is concentrated in English (91%), Japanese (2.4%) and Spanish (1.7%), while the language of scientific publications is concentrated in English (90.6%), Chinese (5%) and German (1.1%).	4
Professional age was calculated by subtracting the year of first publication listed in the CV and the time of data extraction (i.e., 2022).	3
Tobias Opthof is an electrophysiologist, specialized in research about cardiac arrhythmias, in particular those related to myocardial ischemia, myocardial infarction, and heart failure.	0
We assigned gender to all reviewers in our data base using a mixture of personal knowledge and Internet searches.	3
Each bar shows a 95% confidence interval, while the filled marker is the point estimate.	0
Received: 15 January 2011/Accepted: 27 January 2011/Published online: 3 June 2011	0
The purpose of this study is to reveal some structural aspects of e-health through social network analysis (SNA) on the research topics.	1
For innovation performance, energy management (coefficient value: 0.235; p-value < 0.05) from environmental indicator is found to have a significant impact on innovation performance.	4
This study analysed 812 academic papers from 2012 and 2022 and gave an overview of the research field of predatory publishing, one of the most unethical issues in academia.	5
For more information on nanotechnology at the European Commission, please visit http://cordis.europa.eu/nanotechnology	0
This study updates earlier work, describing the characteristics of U.S. sociology faculty and departments that rank high on any of four measures of scholarly productivity: articles, articles in high-impact journals, books, and books from high-impact publishers (2013–2017).	1
The two papers that have high DI scores are the paper by Livak and Schmittgen (2001), and the paper by Palella et al.	4
Using Excel and SPSS, the core authors (i.e.	3
We computed the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) to assess how well the model correctly discriminates between often cited and rarely (or not) cited manuscripts.	3
To test our hypotheses, we collected all articles published in the HBR in the years 1990, 1996, and 2002 (H1-H3) and a random selection of articles published in top-tier management journals (based upon 2009 Thomson Reuters' SSCI impact factor) that cite the HBR articles in our sample (H4-H5).	2
Together, they account for 77% of the common variance within the set of 11 metrics.	4
As another means of assessing agreement, we computed the interrater reliability statistic Krippendorff's alpha (23), which is also an indicator of agreement and can be interpreted similarly to Cronbach's alpha (24): Values above 0.7 are generally considered acceptable.	3
Bibliometric analysis (i.e., content and citation analysis), therefore, can be used to assess the influence of articles, related research articles, and article authorship in a specific scientific field and also related fields of medicine including digestive system disease [9], hypertension research [10], oncology [11], respiratory system [12], urology [13], obstetrics and gynecology [14], radiology [15], nursing [16], surgery [17–19], and the integrative and complementary medicine [20].	3
The most popular categories were “reviews and guidelines” and “etiology and epidemiology.”	4
Bibliometric software (VOSviewer) was utilized to supplement the analysis and to generate a term map that visualized the citation patterns of the 100 articles containing different terms.	3
Aga Khan University's (AKU) website received the highest RWIF with 2.41 because the number of linked pages to www.aku.edu is much higher than the other universities.	4
Table 1 Indicators and weights used in ShanghaiRanking’s GRAS for the subject of Law	0
Regarding countries, USA displays the highest counts of total records.	4
Our results point toward the existence of two large markets or spaces of social sciences surrounded by peripheral regions attracted by one or the other center, even though one must bear in mind that those three decades may also have witnessed the development of peripheral arenas for peripheral social sciences which cannot be measured using the WoS and which are largely invisible for central social sciences.	5
The optimal values for k were 30.8 and 61.3 for the h-ratio and AWCR-ratio, respectively.	4
Statistical Cybermetrics Research Group, School of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Wolverhampton, Wulfruna Street, Wolverhampton WV1 1LY, UK	0
The database contained 1,510 journal line items that included the global metrics and the local metrics for evaluation (such as subscription cost, full-text downloads, and local citations).	2
Articles were ranked according to how many times they were cited by any journal indexed by ISI between January 1, 2000 and December 31, 2010.	3
Results indicate that the importance of advisor productivity differs indeed.	4
The table reveals that there is no statistically significant difference (F = 0.846, p = 0.430) based on the category (W, X and Y) of the journals regarding readiness for OA.	4
This study examines the evolution of China's education policy transmission system and analyzes its influencing factors.	1
There is a need for structured institutional support to optimise faculty research outputs.	5
The same process was used to extract data from DOAJ.	3
More fundamentally, this study contributes to the literature that suggests science is not disconnected from the environments it studies.	5
Therefore, this study intends to map the scholarly publications of this promising issue in quantitative terms.	1
The results show that publication has some well-established topics which are changing gradually to adopt new themes.	4
Over the past two decades, there was an approximately 16-fold increase in the number of annual research publications from the UAE, increasing from 380 publications in 1998 to 6,159 publications in 2017 (Fig.	4
The European models are in line with our global models and suggest that similar logics are at play within the European Union, as well as globally.	5
Based on interviews with 76 academics from 67 universities in the US, UK, mainland Europe and Australasia, who, in the 2011 calendar year, published their research in seven internationally esteemed accounting research journals, our findings point to productivity or social predilections of researchers driving their decision to co-author, as well as in their evaluation of the benefits and costs they have experienced in co-authoring.	2
Spearman's r for the middle group (D, C, II, E) = -.500	0
The success-index s(x) = R (the R-index) if and only if	4
The mean H index for the sample was 12.4 ± 9.9.	4
The application visualizes the performance of institutions worldwide within specific subject areas (journal sets from Scopus) as institutional ranking lists and on custom tile-based maps.	1
Our approach, however, provides an easy-to-use summary of mainstream research topics in system diseases, augmented with a dynamic overview.	5
Our primary goal is to provide an in-depth examination of how these smaller countries and their universities have responded to the Europe 2020 and European Research Area initiatives.	1
We examined the long-term impact of coauthorship with established, highly-cited scientists on the careers of junior researchers in four scientific disciplines.	1
The citation counts were cross-checked in Google Scholar.	3
Obviously, if we only count direct citations from a short-term viewpoint, the value of this type of fundamental contributions may be severely misjudged.	5
In this study we focus on gender differences in funding applications.	1
The results reported in Table 3 provide empirical evidence that the impact of journal articles, which is measured in citations, positively affects the probability that they are eventually replicated.	4
In this study, we present insights about research stakehold- ers' views and experiences regarding RI education, which are relevant for developing and implementing RI education and training policies.	5
Moreover, the results suggest that international collaboration or internationally co-authored publications, regardless of whether they are in English, are a key aspect of world-class universities.	5
Among the Iranian Universities, University of Tehran Medical Sciences (UTMS) with 1009 (16.79%) documents is allocated first place and followed by University of Tehran (UT) with 730 (12.14%) and Islamic Azad University (IAU) with 636 (10.58%) documents.	4
In summary, there exists an obvious opposite relationship between variety and balance.	4
Logistic regression with bi-level group regularisation was conducted to test whether students from certain universities, with certain advisors, writing empirical or theoretical papers, and using particular themes and keywords were more or less likely to enter the academic sphere and whether they had become more or less likely to do so with passing time.	3
It should be mentioned here that we did not weigh countries but considered them as equals when calculating world region ratios.	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
(4) How to measure the speed of evolution?	1
A generalized form of Lotka's law (referred to inverse power law) as presented by Bookstein (1976) is applied and tested.	3
This is not the case for the subsequent ranks: Universities occupying fifth (Tomsk State Pedagogical University) and sixth (Ufa State Aviation Technical University) positions have not gained any special status.	0
We found a slight gender difference in research production but Mexican female scientists are underrepresented in our diaspora sample.	4
The analyzed aspects covered characteristics of document types, languages, Web of Science categories, and journals.	3
In other words, it seems that female academic presence on social media favours an increased visibility and consequently the number of received citations.	5
CTR SC graduates had more publications than their no SC peers at every career stage tested (figure 2).	4
Dubois and Resconi 1992) proposed to model the anticipated states using incursive and hyper-incursive equations.	3
After calculating total and per-item Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR) scores, reviews were classified as low (0-4), medium (5-8), or high (9-11) quality.	3
Degree and the betweenness centrality are basic metrics of nodes' centrality.	3
These indicators have been computed on the Web of Science (WoS) database by Thomson Reuters 10 for a total of 2,471 scholars, belonging to the bibliometric SSDs (around 125, see Appendix) and over 4,200 scholars working at Sapienza in 2011 and who have worked at Sapienza at least one year during the five-year period 2004–2008.	2
From the list of researchers and their publications, we constructed three separate networks, one each for researchers, centers, and countries.	3
This study is concerned with a bibliometric analysis of the Czech Republic's research performance and trends during 1993-2012.	1
We confirmed it is correct by comparing the examples in this article with the Mann-Whitney test in the statistical software program Statistica from StatSoft.	0
The findings of the study highlight the need for more systematic efforts for promoting research collaboration between SAARC countries.	5
The period 1965–2011 has an hact-index equal to 13.	4
Second, the research frontiers are extracted by clustering the core documents based on the bibliographic relations.	3
To that end, we use a relative indicator, named Article Impact Index (AII), given by the ratio of the number of citations received by a publication (as of 31 December 2011) to the average of the citations for all the other national publications of the same year and WoS SC?	3
For our instrumental-variable specification we used instruments that reflected the collective “research wisdom” of the author team.	3
JIF is used to measure quality of paper based on citations.	3
The study has investigated disciplinary composition of articles published in top three general science journals (Nature, Science and PNAS) and has calculated several measures to ascertain the impact of those papers, including the popular IF.	1
5a) per neurosurgery departments, this observed trend appeared to be towards more senior and less towards early career neurosurgeon-scientists (β = -4.42, P=0.05, and R2=0.77).	4
The technique is based on bibliographic coupling [8], which expects that two articles d1 and d2 may be related to each other if they cite a similar set of articles (i.e., d1 and d2 share similar out-link citations or references).	3
This resulted in the identification of 55 instances of editorial misconduct across the 31 collected cases.	3
Also in that year, the open-access preprint publisher arXiv instituted a new feature called a ‘trackback'.	1
Conflict of interest On behalf of all authors, the corresponding author states that there is no conflict of interest.	0
The first group comprises countries that are endowed with resistant capability from the scientific research point of view.	1
Of the remaining 106 ECs that were not accessible, we managed to retrieve 55 (51.9%; 95%CI, 41.9%-61.9%).	4
The NA software used includes the R packages igraph (Csardi and Nepusz 2006) and poweRlaw (Gillespie 2015) for the calculations of the characterization metrics</METRIC> and Gephi for the visualization of the network.	3
The official methodology cannot be developed substantially without some temporary loss of consistency as long as the number of indicators considered is so limited.	5
As can be seen, the language of tweets is overwhelmingly English.	4
Grobid (GB) appears to be a viable alternative with a 69% success rate (Fact-check_OK) on the text extracted from PDFs with this software.	4
We conducted an online survey with email invitations and mailed follow-up to non-respondents, in which we administered the SOuRCe to research-engaged employees at a random selection of 42 VA facilities (e.g.	3
Second, we consider the consequences of such a misalignment.	1
Net of the effects of all control variables, the coefficient of the output is negative and significant, indicating an apparent negative effect on both impact indicators considered: an effect certainly remarkable for Avg PI (-0.146 considering output, -0.131 with fractional output), but less for Avg SI (-0.014 and -0.026, respectively).	4
Methods: Articles included in orthodontic journals in 2016 JCR and published during 2007-2017 were selected.	2
Prospective follow-up study involving 10 cohorts of medical students' mandatory research projects from Leiden University Medical Center.	2
The design of this study did not allow for capturing the h-index at the time of an individual surgeon's academic promotion, but we believe that the median values obtained from each rank still provide critical insights to better understand the framework for promotion and tenure processes.	5
To examine the publications pattern of EHFE research outputs during 2000-2018 2.	1
Through this study, we hope to raise the level of acknowledgments to reviewers by making the academic community aware of the lack of recognition for the contribution made by the reviewers.	5
There was a wide awareness of the discouraged journal lists among the respondents, more than the endorsed journal lists.	4
It is clear from these trend graphs that dynamic indicators characterise the current scientific activity of the author.	4
We grouped those pathways according to the dominant mechanisms by which impact has been produced, and identified four high-level groups for the ways SSH creates impact in society, namely dissemination, cocreation, reacting to societal change, and driving societal change.	3
Two filters are subsequently applied: documents containing "open banking" in the title (92 papers) and records that contained “open banking” in the abstract and that had at least one citation (264 documents), obtaining 356 articles.	2
The new indicators, X and E, help us complement the old measures of P and C to get a better picture of bibliometric performance</FIELD>.	5
As might be expected, there were several important differences in the distribution of authorships by area between the four countries (Table 6).	0
Keywords Electromagnetic fields (EMF) · Research performance · Bibliometrics · Authorship pattern	0
The results may also provide an important framework to understanding the historical advancements and trends of lung cancer screening as well as the potential future research opportunities for researchers.	5
The collaboration of the authors follows the Lokta's distribution.	5
Our results suggest that the two measurements are different indicators for articles from the quantitative results.	5
Furthermore, the quality of the journals was assessed by two indicators: the impact factor (IF) using the Journal Citation Report (JCR; Web of Knowledge) 2013 and the SCImago Journal Rank (SJR).	3
The number of citations can be considered the degree of open innovation, as the citation index is a new dimension in documentation based on the association of ideas, as shown in Figure 1 [62].	3
Earlier data were not shown in the figure because it is almost approaching zero for most Arab countries.	0
In the analyses conducted by taking into account the income level of the countries, Estonia has the highest research performance.	4
All the major life science journals appear in English, even though they may originally have been published as national journals of non-English-speaking nations.	0
The second model assumes that journals with higher impact have a higher citation potential.	3
The DOI provides a mechanism for greater transparency, easier reproduction of results, an added mitigation to the risk of losing data over time, and potentially providing ongoing access to materials for researchers as they move between institu- tions.	4
The results show that ATM can efficiently group articles into discriminative categories without any supervision.	5
Thus, in general, we found that sheer dedication towards its founding vision has elevated the global stature of the IJLM which invariably occupies a place of prominence in academia in recent times.	5
The weighted averages appear in the Totals in all tables (except Table 3).	0
After lemmatizing each term in documents, if the terms are matched to synonyms and/or descriptors in the Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST) science and technology thesaurus and large dictionary (hereafter, JST thesaurus) [36], we replaced both English and Japanese terms with English descriptors in the JST thesaurus to create a monolingual corpus.	3
We ground the distributions using expert ratings from peer review.	2
Brazil however, does not appear well placed in the network, despite being the second largest producer of first-generation ethanol in the world.	4
For our first rounds of outreach, we targeted faculty who were most involved in producing scholarly work and later extended our outreach to other individuals.	3
(2019) to operationalize the three individual components of diversity independently and then combines them.	3
This is the Matthew effect named after a quote from the King James version of the Bible: “For unto every one that hath shall be given, and he shall have abundance: but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath.”	4
Thus, COVID research was, by and large, more 'observational' in nature and less experimentally controlled than non- or pre-COVID research.	5
A Kappa agreement score of 0.443 was yielded between the human and SentiStrength sentiment analyses, which is estimated to be moderate (Cohen, 1960).	3
The web-survey was sent to a stratified sample of 4984 researchers drawn from a representative pool of 66 Danish university departments in January 2011.	2
The most prominent country is the USA with 102 top-cited papers, which has much greater than the following counties, including Austria (60 papers), Germany (47 papers), the UK (36 papers), and mainland China (35 papers).	4
This research sought to understand the impact of the REF mandate upon researchers and repository staff, and upon their relationship with the university, through a series of semi-structured interviews with researchers and repository managers.	1
We hypothesize that the social media accounts of Biological Invasions (1) Have an engagement rate and number of followers comparable to that of other scientific journals, (2) Publish information that is of interest to social media users, and, (3) Have a wide geographical and demographic representation of social media users among their followers.	1
The trends, causes and rates of retractions from OAJs were similar to non-OAJs.	5
We recommend the abandonment of the quartiles reification as an independent method for the research assessment of individual scholars.	5
The purpose of this article is to provide an integrated, synthesised overview of the current state of knowledge in the field of bank marketing.	1
Using the clustering coefficient, we gauge the team exploration from the author-centric vista evaluating configuration values of the ego networks.	1
It would be premature to make firm conclusions because we are at an early stage in a potentially lengthy study.	0
A total of 581,134 editorial articles were published in biomedical journals.	2
From the perspective of the number of SBPF, according to the definition in Hou and Yang (2019) of SB’s patent awakening standards, the first burst time of 129 patent families was 5 years after patent application, and the intensity was > 0.5, knowledge bursts of 45 patent families occurred in the sixth year after application, while knowledge bursts happened in the seventh year for 30 patent families (Fig.	4
Such a database could greatly enhance both scholarly literature search and bibliometric research evaluation for Russian scholars and research managers.	1
We found that there is a high correlation between the ASP and the #Cit among the top 10% of articles but a significantly minor dependence for the rest articles.	5
Listing only includes authors with an adjusted count greater than 1.0.	0
The R squared is 0.51 and only drops to 0.49 if one removes celebrity.	4
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
Analysing metadata from over 16 million SDG-related articles revealed modest relationships between selected bibliometric indicators and policy citations.	4
1) gives almost identical results to the simple geometric mean (formula 2; Fig.	4
** Estimated as 7 times the CA source patent, from Derwent database	0
We collected 65,887 papers with titles and abstracts from Scopus5 based on the venue list from 2009 to 2018.	2
We found a general increase in the number of 'population genetics of Neotropical plants' publications but at a lower rate than the overall increase in 'general population genetics'.	4
We, therefore, excluded the following: editorials, in memoriam, introductions, letters, commentaries, opinion papers, perspectives, tributes, reviews.	0
14 This description is directly taken from Abadie and Cattaneo (2018).	0
Trend tests were conducted with the Cochran-Armitage test.	3
Studies in obstetric and paediatric anaesthesia are less well-represented in anaesthesia literature and researchers may experience greater difficulty publishing these topics and obtaining funding accordingly.	5
The statistical analyses are performed using the SAS procedure PROC NLIN [23].	0
This study considers hyperlinks as digital navigational cues that can guide users through the increasingly complex and vast online health information landscape in order to examine how hypertextuality at both search engines and health news websites mediates access to further health-related information.	1
The sample was derived from journal articles published within the category "Economics” as indicated in the Social Sciences Citation Index (Anon.	2
This approach could be modified by asking each author to certify what fraction of the paper they “own”.	3
The percentage of articles with at least 1 EC and the percentage of ECs out of total references in the sample significantly increased over time (linear tendency, P < .001).	4
Conclusions The authors suggest that the CRTP helped foster the careers of research-oriented medical and dental students as measured by time conducting research, successful competition for federal funding, and the publication of their research.	5
The scientists' performance was measured by multiple indexes, including recognitions from the academic (papers), governmental (awards), and market (patents) sectors.	3
The workshop's objectives were to: (1) provide training in the methods, design, and conduct of clinical trials; (2) ensure that clinical trials met federal and international ethical guidelines; (3) evaluate the effectiveness of the workshop; and (4) create networking opportunities for young investigators with mentoring senior faculty.	1
In this paper, we primarily focus on two issues: (1) identifying the COI relationship and distinguishing the strength of citation relationship; and (2) leveraging the strength of citation relationship to evaluate the impact of scholarly article by a mutual reinforce mechanism.	1
Compared to the Q value and H-index, the AIF features are more relevant to the number of accepted papers for an institution.	5
Administrators and policymakers employing journal-level metrics for research evaluation should consider more nuanced forms of appraisal if their intention is to reward excellence.	5
This low publishing performance can be attributed to lack of scholarly communication skills; inadequate research funding and facilitation; limited access to scholarly communication channels; and heavy teaching workloads, among other factors.	5
This article presents a new way to explore the evolution of academic collaboration network in the field of computer science by building and analyzing the Turing Award Collaboration Network for decades.	1
Active presence on the Web and publication of research findings are considered as performance indicator of universities and research institutes in the assessment of development.	5
We compared research productivity metrics among specialties and sought factors associated with increased productivity.	1
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content in a trusted digital archive.	0
database to determine whether they represent innovative ideas.	3
Our research concerns how the influential work of bioethics, represented by the top-cited articles published in bioethics journals, has developed during the past 40 years.	1
Using the same threshold to choose the cluster results, there are 16 clusters for the co-word matrix and eight clusters for the semantic matrix.	4
Our analysis generated four themes (1) providing minimal guidance to peer reviewers—two subthemes described the way journal editors rationalised their behaviour: (a) peer reviewers should know without guidelines how to review and (b) detailed guidance and structure might have a negative effect; (2) communication strategies of engagement with peer reviewers—two opposing strategies that journal editors employed to handle peer reviewers: (a) use of direct and personal communication to motivate peer reviewers and (b) use of indirect communication to avoid conflict; (3) concerns about impact of review model on communication— maintenance of anonymity as a means of facilitating critical and unburdened communication and minimising biases and (4) different practices in the moderation of communication between authors and peer reviewers— some journal editors actively interjected themselves into the communication chain to guide authors through peer reviewers’ comments, others remained at a distance, leaving it to the authors to work through peer reviewers’ comments.	4
This shows that that the top-k items are very different, and that the three measures are not correlated with each other.	4
In addition, in most categories the journals that experience a quartile shift are the same journals that are poorly differentiated.	4
Faculty of Library, Information and Media Science, University of Tsukuba, 305-8550, Ibaraki, Japan.	0
The heritage mechanism is the longitudinal expressions of individual and collective descriptions of those things that have long-term value to the individual and the group.	4
While LIS faculty are more knowledgeable about and have more experience with open access than their disciplinary brethren, which may be an artifact of the age of much previous research, the perceived constraints of the tenure and promotion system within the academy tend to limit their engagement with open-access publishing in ways similar to their academic colleagues.	5
Recently, a normalized version of the g-index has been proposed as an impact and concentration measure: the so-called s measure.	1
We constructed the co-authorship network in which nodes are the researchers, and links are established between any two researchers if they co-authored one or more articles.	3
The percentage denominator is the total times published across all faculty.	0
A search was performed on the Scopus database, followed by manual revision using synthesis studies' techniques, requiring the authors to sort through more than 8000 medical concepts to create the query, and to manually select relevant papers from over 2000 documents.	2
In 1974, 79.3% of the authors published their own articles, and the synergy between scholars is still weak because only 0.8% of the articles has more than three authors.	4
*Correspondence to: Julio Rodríguez, Departamento de Estadística y Econometría, Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, C/Madrid 126, 28903 Getafe, Madrid, Spain.	0
Besides, reviewing the related literature indicated that Iranian government and the responsible authorities have recently established serious penalties for dealing with scientific misconduct through legislation.	4
The data were collected with a questionnaire survey of the professors conducted in 2010 and from several secondary sources such as curricula vitae (CVs), dissertations, and publications.	2
While Elsevier and Human Kinetics had only one and two journals classified as an SPJ, i.e., 6.3% and 13.3%, respectively of all Elsevier and Human Kinetics "Sports Science" journals in SJR's Q1-Q4 were classified as such, and Lippincott Williams & Wilkins Ltd. did not have any journal classified as an SPJ, Taylor & Francis had 20 journals classified as SPJs, i.e., 83.3 % of all Taylor & Francis "Sports Science" journals in SJR's Q1-Q4 were classified as such (Suppl.	4
For this analysis, only articles dealt bibliometrics / scientometrics published in peer-reviewed journals and stating the publication details for cross verification are considered.	2
Aggregating countries based on their income-level classification (47) reveals that niches are largely related to national wealth (see Figure 2b-d).	4
If so, what are these areas of research?	1
There is no relationship between the number of country origins of authors of a paper and the times cited or impact of the paper.	5
Data were analysed in Microsoft Excel 2013 using descriptive methods.	3
Executive Secretaries were given information sheets to hand out to study section members and a text to read.	0
The validation of (advanced) bibliometric indicators through peer assessments: A comparative study using data from InCites and F1000	1
The authors analyzed 6,265 articles with at least one altmetrics event from 13 journals.	4
IJO opened a window of opportunity for authors by publishing quality expedited articles.	5
The lower levels of inter-institutional collaboration may be attributed to researchers feeling bound in their interactions by the formality of long-distance communication; it may be easier for those who are together physically to develop the necessary personal relationships leading to boundary spanning and meaningful collaboration.	5
For example, publishing papers in SCI as the first or the second (his or her tutor is the first) author is a predictor to high score.	5
In this work we used the ICT dataset described in Carusi and Bianchi (2019), which collects information about academic publications retrieved from the Scopus database,1 and authored by at least an Italian Faculty member listed in the national “Cineca" database over the sixteen years period 2000–2016.	2
normally allocated when published), URL, Keywords, Volume, Vol published year, Issue, Scopus citation Link, Scopus citation count.	2
Almost 29% of physics journals, 11% of chemistry journals and 21% of biology journals were stopped within a year.	4
This study re-enforces SICOT’s reputation as a world leading international conference with a strict peer-review process yielding high-quality presentations.	5
To test whether group differences were statistically significant, we used 1) the chi-square test for the likelihood to publish after graduation, 2) the Mann-Whitney U test for the number of papers published after graduation (as data were not normally distributed nor could be transformed to become normally distributed), and 3) an independent samples t-test for the mean normalized citation impact (MNCS; Box-Cox transformed with λ= 0.75 to follow normal distribution).	3
Library, Documentation and Information Science Division, Indian Statistical Institute, 203 B.	0
In order to extract the countries' scientific production, we used Scopus database because it represents the overall structure of world science at a global scale.	2
Taken together, these six propositions form a theory on elite formation that can be tested.	0
This paper comprehensively considers the factors affecting the generation of MPA and enriches the existing researches from a theoretical standpoint.	1
The search resulted in 92 593 papers published by 229 source titles.	2
A complete search of Elsevier's Scopus database has been performed using the following categorical data (Saunders et al., 2012): key, authkey, title, indexterms and affilcountry.	2
For all ana- lyses, a P value of .05 or less was considered significant.	0
In addition, academics were asked about their use and creation of social media as part of their work activities.	3
In summary, US/UK journals had significantly higher quality metrics and mandatory fees than non-US/UK journals, despite equivalent turnaround time for manuscript decisions and publication.	5
A simple indicator of individual research output was developed, based on grant income, publications and numbers of PhD students supervised.	3
The views expressed in this manuscript are those of the authors and do not reflect the official policy or position of the Department of the Army, Department of Defense, or the US Government.	0
The latter subset of retraction notices constituted the data for this study.	2
2015) so far owing to method difference, not time difference.	5
Some predatory journals have even been accused of using fictitious names under pho- tographs of distinguished members of the field.	0
Consequently, we selected Twitter as an alternative metric indicator to evaluate the impact of OA books.	3
Following standard practice, we use coauthorship (i.e., the presence of more than one author on the byline of a scientific publication) as our operationalization of the concept of scientific collaboration.	3
Five research communities are identified, led by the USA, Germany, England, Belgium and France.	4
We used stratified random sampling with proportional allocation within each stratum, where the targeted variables were Cochrane review groups and year of publication of the Cochrane review which had been copublished [12,13].	3
Journal: we chose 2 journals in biomedical field, Cancer Research and Tumor Biology, which are journals with high rates of retractions according to the RetractionWatch database,	2
The analysis reveals that the sampled IS researcher community developed a large core component with influential bridging people who mitigate fragmentation and centralisation.	4
We also include the h-index in our university rankings since it combines publication as well as citation data.	3
A global SAGE survey of social-science academics (Haley & Jack, 2023) found that business and management academics (most from the United States, United Kingdom, and India) said their research having value outside academics had great importance, and most stated that their peers felt similarly about their own research.	2
Over the 25-year period, JCF published 1,401 documents, mainly articles, receiving 47,905 citations.	4
The basic difficulty of study is to capture and dissect out such a body.	0
The results indicate that patient, pandemic, outbreak, case, Iranian, model, care, health, coronavirus, and disease are the most important words in the publications of Iranian researchers in LitCovid.	4
This covers the 57 most recently published papers (excluding, as noted, those in the two Symposia and all "Comments" and "Replies.")	0
The results show the HHS with the most patent records – HHS being the agency that houses the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the primary government agency responsible for biomedical and public health research.	4
A citation benchmark for social work would be in the range of h-index 3.2 for early-career researchers to 15.8 for research-focused positions (Scopus) or h-index 6.1–25.0 (Google Scholar).	5
Our findings are consistent with earlier empirical findings of increasing editorial delays, decreasing acceptance rates at journals, and a trend toward longer manuscripts.	5
The men in this study submitted and published substantially more scholarly works than their female peers.	4
Further efforts and mechanisms are needed to effectively incorporate linguistically diverse literature and knowledge into ecosystem assessment processes.	5
These institutions did not publish papers in journals whose impact factors were greater than 3.0 during 1994–1999.	0
Assumed and actual distribution of journals in a given point tier.	0
The experimental data was thus collected from CTD, which recruits biomedical experts to curate associations to support biomedical professionals to do further research on the associations already published in literature [36,37].	2
Data for the study come from the published research articles obtained from the CVs of over 500 sociologists situated in thirty U.S. sociology departments grouped into three tiers using program rankings established by the National Research Council.	2
The approach applied to construct the composite indicators is based on a multicriteria method known as the double reference point method (Wierzbicki, 1980; Wierzbicki, Makowski, & Wessels, 2000), which was adapted later on to build composite indicators (Ruiz, Cabello, & Luque, 2011).	3
72304218) and the Young Top-notch Talent Cultivation Program of Hubei Province.	0
The ARC gathers discipline information in its all grant applications using a field of research (FoR) framework (Fields of Research 2020).	2
DEMOGRAPHIC, BACKGROUND, AND POST-GRADUATE FEATURES OF CNPQ RESEARCHERS IN CLINICAL MEDICINE (N = 542)	0
All documents for inclusion were analyzed using CiteSpace software (v.5.8.R3, Philadelphia, PA, USA) and VOSviewer (v.1.6.17, Leiden, The Netherlands).	3
(4) Motivation of policy document mentions can be broken down into five major categories and seventeen minor categories, more than 30% of motivations are to support the policy argument by listing relevant work.	4
This bias confirms that the creation of regional open repositories and bibliographic databases can enhance the international visibility of the Moroccan scientific production, particularly the one related to water resources.	5
This internationalization was also influenced by the academic scopes, journal titles and disciplinary categories of Chinese journals.	4
Most of the evaluations described in the articles fall into three areas: social work/community (30 percent), public health (27 percent), and organizational management/performance (24 percent).	4
Furthermore, 67.18% of all editors were based in either the United States or the United Kingdom.	4
Finally, an ANOVA was conducted to determine any significant differences between variables, and a regression analysis was conducted to examine the impact factors.	3
Contemporary bibliometric studies use a variety of indices to gauge productivity and impact including counts of publications and citations [4].	3
The purpose is to determine how the reach and impact of open access research is affected by discoverability within prominent engineering databases.	1
With this graph, we can analyze which are the topics with the higher AGR, and the higher PDLY.	4
Wolf), so they should be considered together in relation to the CD, as eliminating just one of these authors would not disrupt network connectivity	0
The rentier model of value production and accumulation is essential to understanding how academic research laboratories integrate different evaluative frameworks into their work.	5
The results clearly show that the goodness-of-fit of clusters in publication authorship to the content of articles in questions is better than in bibliographic coupling.	4
Vertical lines represent a 95% confidence interval and capital letters above the bars indicate significant differences	0
Relationship between average annual citations or total citations with duration of publication, JIF (2 years and 5 years separately), and number of references were further analyzed using Pearson's correlation coefficient for univariable analyses and linear regression models for multivariable-adjusted associations.	3
For those manuscripts that were accepted for publication, we used a quantile regression to examine for a limitation effect of the number of reviewer requests on the citation rate (citations per year) that articles received in subsequent years.	3
To what extent do the approaches agree in matching the PM at the closest cognitive distance from a research group?	1
The high proportion of poorly cited articles and journals suggest inefficiencies in the cardiovascular research enterprise.	5
The general function used to accomplish this goal is the following power-law transformation of a rational function:	3
Google Trends data were collected in the two scenarios of worldwide searches and US searches.	2
As predicted (hypothesis 1), citation status appears to matter more for external citation accumulation than internal citation accumulation.	4
Our MAG data include 16,397,750 journal articles written by two or more authors during 1950-2015 (16).	2
Through comparing and analyzing the calculation results,1 we find knowledge entities allow controlled access to substantial granular research contents of a study, which is quite the aspect of research we want to deepen our investigation into.	4
This paper presents and discusses the relationship between the generation of research income and the REF2021 results for universities who submitted a return to Unit of Assessment 23—Education.	1
References to English-language materials increased significantly from 1970 to 2000.	4
We use VantagePoint text-mining software to automate the process of extracting organizations data from the acknowledgments text and to undertake cleaning and merging.	3
52 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—January 1, 2008	0
The AHFS DI Essentials documents are not publically available from the originating organisation's website and so they were accessed from Drugs.com instead.	2
This study suggests that several altmetrics outlets are positively associated with citations, and that public accessibility, holding all other independent variables constant, is positively related to article access.	5
We find that the field has matured over this period, with articles published in the journal having a greater influence than before, an increase in citation links to environmental studies journals, a reduction in citation links to mainstream economics journals, and possibly a shift in themes to a more applied and empirical direction.	4
The performance ratio is the antilogarithm of the length of the segment that connects the intersections of each regression line with the vertical line that corresponds to the selected citation range.	3
The regulations show clear differences among individual requirements for adjunct professorship.	5
Interestingly, the difference between internal and external readers is only minimal (and not statistically significant) among those citing the focal article relatively soon after being published (i.e., early adopters).	4
A search of articles published in scientific journals within the 2000 – 2010 period was conducted.	2
The number of articles drawn from each journal m is set to 60 since previous literature [21–24] suggests that the AAI becomes stabilized when the size of m is bigger than 50.	3
First, what are the most highly cited works (citation classics) in DB?	1
The authors acknowledge the financial support from the National Social Science Foundation of China Art Project (No.	0
In the following section, I will focus on scientists' publication activity, their co-authorship patterns and the citation impact at different stages of their career.	1
Frontiers in Human Neuroscience published the largest number of articles (n=9), followed by Radiology (n=8) and Neurology (n=8).	4
N. Whitehead's famous quote: “Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them.	0
The empirical results show that not only the rewards that respondents receive by play-ing the rule of the game matter (they support metrics if they are successful according to these metrics)—the use of metrics is also supported by cultural academic attitudes.	5
This explanation of methods-driven science provides an alternative to the notion of winner-takes-all paradigm shifts.	5
Student's t Test for independent samples: it was used to compare the mean of the sub-samples (i.e.	3
Numbers in parentheses are the numbers of papers published by the top 75 teachers.	0
How many higher education or research institutions in Vietnam engage in domestic cooperation?	1
To evaluate the popularity of policy topics, we employed a structured topic model (STM) (Roberts et al., 2019) to derive the topic probability for each policy.	3
The 'library-as-publisher' role offers the potential to transform academic and university-specific publishing activities.	5
More than a chiasm between traditional citation metrics and novel social media-based metrics, our findings point toward a bridge between the two domains.	5
For this study, articles and review articles published from January 1, 1900, to December 31, 2023 by Cuba's scientific system in the Scopus database were analyzed.	2
With the fast development of this field and its global importance especially in the fast developing economies of Asia it is timely to assess the most influential articles (as measured by citations) and to identify important drivers and research trends in this field.	1
Our experiment therefore set out from the onset to test whether scientists with high follower counts posting naturally on Twitter can increase citations of scientific papers, expecting that tweeted articles would be associated with higher Altmetric scores, and receive more citations over a three-year period than control articles for each journal.	1
News & World Report (http://health.usnews.com/ best-hospitals/rankings/neurology-and-neurosurgery), as well as our own institution, were used for this study.	2
The country assignment of the three-letter ISO codes countries can be found in the Appendix (Table 7)	0
The results showed that more than 90% of scientists had worked with colleagues to publish, and they had collaborated 13 times on average during the time limit of the data sample.	4
In sum, we show that a failure to observe the reviewer's efforts motivates higher quality standards, and quality standard considerations lead to higher-powered reviewer's compensations.	5
Including contributions made by participating states of the former Soviet Union, totaling $6.6 million.	0
This method is based on a factor analysis of the journal-journal citations matrix of the core journal of a specialty, the ‘central tendency journal'.	3
The top 25 ranked academic psychology and social work programs were obtained from the website of U.S.	2
Then, using tools of UCINET, Trifacta Wrangler, and VOSviewer, we constructed a themes network and drew a key word co-occurrence map.	3
Keywords: typed-link, annotations, citation, citation index, links into the future, similarity	0
To create a balance between the disciplines, the minimum values of the performance indicators must be recalibrated by taking the actual publication characteristics of each discipline located in the Section into account.	3
Note: R, values are all statistically significant at beyond the .01 level.	0
The algorithm uses a statistical significance test to identify sets of words used more in a year than in the previous 4 years, based on article titles, abstracts, or keywords.	3
on the quality of the research, publications and other activities that have impact so that all of them are accessible by the public.	4
The Kappa coefficient is a more robust measure of agreement than the share of agreement, since the possibility of agreement occurring by chance is taken into account (Gwet 2014).	4
Bibliometric is a powerful and important tool in evaluating scientific outputs of countries/regions, journals authors and institutes [43].	3
The total number of documents published in “nutrition and dietetics" category from Arab countries was 2062.	4
The Spearman test was used to evaluate the strength and direction of the linear relation between the IF of the journal and the numbers of citations or T100 articles.	3
The data sources were statistics of the Council of Higher Education (CoHE), ranking lists, University Ranking by Academic Performance (URAP), Ranking of the Entrepreneurial and Innovative University Index (TUB?TAK), strategic plans and annual reports of higher education institutions, and related data on research and publications.	2
This paper looks at open access levels and patterns in research output from India by computationally analyzing research publication data obtained from Web of Science for India for the last 5 years (2014–2018).	1
Overstating the suitable scope of previous beliefs or theory is the reason for the conflicts in the examples of long chains in macromolecules, parity nonconservation in weak interactions and quasicrystals.	4
Furthermore, the median citation rate drops to zero for n=15/62/9 journals (11.1/39.0/1.3% of journals) in the three cohorts, respectively.	4
In total, 592 (AIBS) + 153 (NIH IRG list) individuals completed some of the survey.	2
In conclusion: tweeting about your research does not appear to influence citations.	5
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
When controlling for the effect of previous funding, PSWE still had a moderately strong association with bibliometric performance (beta 0.39, 95% CI 0.18–0.59).	4
Following this strategy, our study focused on postdocs who embarked on their postdoctoral research during a similar timeframe, sharing identical disciplinary backgrounds and PhD institutions, yet differing in their mobility experiences and doctoral mentors.	2
The total percentage of assertions that were supported by the meta-analysis text was 47.67% (n = 777).	4
This corollary explains why disruptive research tends to be associated with small teams irrespective of the potential benefits of specialization and the multidisciplinary potential of large research teams.	5
The University Law passed on the 24th December 2001 replaces the former law of University Reform.	0
Applying Max Weber's theory of authority, we argue the quality notions have two different sources external and internal.	1
Faculty of Computer Science and Information Technology, University of Malaya, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia	0
Radiologists and other researchers should review journal's bibliometrics for their decision-making during the manuscript submission phase.	5
In the development of the survey instrument, we conducted twelve in-depth interviews with six ECRs and six MCRs.	3
Some papers with lower cited times but higher traditional Integration Score are inclined to be in inferior positions in the extended measure.	4
We will revisit this paper after the REF results are available and comment on the reliability or otherwise of these bibliometrics as compared with peer review.	0
As for the negative instances (i.e., pseudo scholarly citations), they were generated according to a workflow called “conditional random sampling,” as shown in Figure 1.	2
It is worth noting that the development of ICTs plays an important role in scientific collaboration through influencing both geographic barriers and social stratification.	5
DBLP is selected to represent CS (Ley, 2009).	2
The results of online searches are therefore far from trivial as the most highly ranked results are likely to have real influence.	5
As indicated in the Background the findings are likely to have been similar if self-citations had been excluded.	0
What is the optimal allocating strategy of journal resources that maximizes the growth rate of journal's wealth?	1
(c) considering the average number of citations a publication receives per year (time-based normalization of citations) as a surrogate for its impact;	3
Computer Science and Engineering are the earliest subjects to cite/adopt LDA.	4
We found that the current oncology research fronts are focused in four fields: i) the mechanism of abnormal onco- gene expression; ii) tumour metastasis and angiogenesis; iii) the relationship between cancer cells and apoptosis; and iv) tumour vaccines.	5
Our results show that this year contained an exceptionally high number of cited references for each of the six RPYS analyses, validating our methodology for cross RPYS analyses comparison.	4
Leading university repositories in supply of content, participation and web visibility.	0
To study the gender gap in academic research production in Canada, we use the 'multilevel approach to gender inequalities in higher education' framework.	3
The final section brings together our argument about the contested politics of journal credibility, illustrating it through the work of the not-for-profit Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) and its more nuanced and inclusive approach to journal authentication and certification.	1
During these 20 years the four journals mentioned above published 5966 articles.	2
All statistical analyses were performed using the SPSS software pack (Version 21.0, IBM Corp, Armonk, NY).	3
BG was supported by the NVKP_16-1-2016-0037 grant of the National Research, Development and Innovation Office, Hungary.	0
Kruskal-Wallis test was used to evaluate statistical difference among original articles with different types of titles with post hoc analysis in which a subgroup pairwise comparison test was conducted.	3
Datasets that were used for the study were collected in nine different cities, five countries and six language groups in 2022 and 2023, and can be found in Fig.	2
First, which authors and institutions have conducted in-depth research using Hofstede's theory, and where have they conducted the research?	1
To identify possible shifts in research topics in economic research in Germany after the global economic and financial crisis of 2007-2008, a sample of journal articles and index terms from publications in economic journals was drawn up and analyzed using a co-word analysis.	3
In this study, we propose the institution Q model with an explainable generative process to comprehensively consider the academic environment, research ability and randomness in the citation process, which can effectively quantify the research ability of scientists and institutions.	5
With a randomized control trial, we estimate the effectiveness of prior warnings as a means of discouraging academic dishonesty in exams.	3
Currently, the mainstream form of evaluation of academic research trusts the process	0
We find that an early debut has a strong positive short-term effect on research productivity in terms of both quantity and quality, and the positive effect amplifies with the increasing time span of the final award between first-movers and late-comers.	4
Remarkably, during the last decade, the population of surgeons holding NIH funding increased by 316 surgeons, from 715 in 2010 to 1,031 in 2020.	4
Our hypothesis was that the SCR of subspecialty pediatric journals is higher than that of general pediatric journals and that the IF of a journal after removal of self-citations (corrected IF) correlates with its SCR.	1
They make it possible to present the distribution of percentiles in a publication year combined with the median from these percentiles.	3
Authors contributions All authors have substantial contributions to the conception of the work.	0
The paper has a mixed-methods research design, with extended quantitative and qualitative strands.	3
Briefly, the Scopus database (1996–2010, over 17 million articles) is clustered in two different ways, thus creating two separate global models of the literature.	2
Physicists, economists, and clinical medics share particular cultural characteristics that may explain why these three disciplinary communities are “OA-friendly.”	5
The aggregate statistics for these groups are not reliable and can generate fluctuating trends.	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/347410267	0
The University needs to narrow the gender gap in research by designing and implementing an appropriate intervention strategy.	5
Subsequently, from these 8791 articles we only retained records with references, an abstract, a title, and author keywords, which left us with 8577 articles.	2
More generally, this article shows how the study of scientific deviance can serve to bring to light symbolic hierarchies that are habitually kept tacit, thus serving as a magnifying glass for the scientific field's inner processes.	5
Seven participants were directly recruited or snowball-recruited for their experience in reusing, repairing, or recycling electronic waste.	2
The research sample comprises Mexico and its 18 strategic partners in science and technology and a 17-year temporary window.	1
The Singh-Maddala and Dagum models were introduced in economics in the context of modeling income distribution by, respectively, Singh and Maddala (1976) and Dagum (1977).	3
For Nature Genetics, Nature Medicine, and PLoS Biology, the recommended articles (dataset.FM) were cited significantly more than other articles (dataset.other).	4
With this more complete dataset extending beyond WoS, MFC3 (using the cubic root of fractions) seems to balance better than the alternatives, although group 1000 is now an exception.	4
The study applied grounded theory methodology to understand the rationales behind research impact.	3
After doing that, finally, five convergence clubs were identified, as can be seen in Table 1, and as illustrated by the map shown in Fig.	4
We adopt these metrics to international trade in ideas.	3
research universities; specific data for each university can be found in Appendix A.	0
No differences appear to exist between assistant professor and associate professor ranks or between MD's and PhD's.	5
In a nutshell, this study provides a holistic overview of the significant contribution made by TASM in strategic management research.	5
The results showed that the proposed algorithm is feasible for use in citation-mention-related research and further verified that the statistical distribution of the number of citation mentions conforms to the generalised Pareto distribution.	4
Hence, in this paper, we explore COVID-19 publications that focusing on Malaysia scenario or include Malaysia as comparison; narrowed down by searching 'COVID-19' and 'Malaysia' in the search terms in Google Scholar site.	1
1), we construct a citation path starting from the original scientific publication A to technological areas via indirect citation relations mined from the WoS and Derwent Innovation (DI).	3
We thank workshop participants at Brigham Young University, University of Waterloo, and the following individuals for their helpful comments and suggestions: Steve Albrecht, Abigail Allen, David Cook, Lauren Cooper, Josh Coyne, Patty Dechow, Scott Emett, Marc Eulerich, Steve Glover, Kip Holderness, Bill Kinney, Joleen Kremin, Josh Lee, Jared Moon, Uday Murthy, Noah Myers, Jeff Pickerd, Cathy Schrand, Tim Seidel, Nate Sharp, Terry Shevlin, Chad Simon, Trevor Sorenson, Chad Stefaniak, Jake Thornock, Bill Titera, Melissa Western, Jaron Wilde, Paul Windward, and Stanley Wood.	0
Overall, an encouraging positive correlation between tweet sentiments and citation counts showed that Twitter-based opinion may be exploited as a complementary predictor of literature's early impact.	5
The Elsevier Scopus bibliographical database allows to find the share of researchers affiliated to institutions in Southern countries that published in these journals over the period.	2
This paper examines the numerous benefits of digital scholarly communication made visible through institutional repositories (IRs) that have become trendy in institutions of higher learning in developed countries of the world.	1
The Curriculum Vitae Lattes (CV) of each member was downloaded from the CNPq site in July 2016, but we only considered the information up to the end of 2015.	2
Web of Science was used to identify the 50 top-cited spine articles from mainland China in 27 spine-related journals.	2
Our analysis and recommendations can be used by a university's management team in a practice of assessing university research potential at the level of departments and individual staff members.	5
Note: With the exception of "Reader Interest," Section B, all values are statistically significant at or beyond the .05 level.	0
A visualisation analysis showed that personality psychology, experimental psychology, psychological risk factors, and developmental psychology were continual concerns of the research.	4
His academic and research activitiessteadily increased with his age.	4
We hypothesized that journals with a higher impact factor (IF) have more comprehensive IFA.	1
The association between the type of citation (positive/negative), higher WCIpost as compared to WCIprior and reported diagnostic technique (a US method/other than US method, where US = ultrasound) was tested with Chi-square test.	3
We reiterate prior calls [16] for journal leadership to, at the very least, strive for editorial boards whose regional distribution of editors mirrors that of authors (Fig 3 and S2 Table, S2 Fig).	5
We calculated the Spearman correlation coefficients (p) to evaluate the correlation between the HSG scores and h-indexes obtained from Google Scholar and Scopus.	3
Comparing literature growth and annual percentage of implicit citations to Nash across subject areas.	0
Using the predicted values of PUBSCI, the two-stage least squares (2SLS) estimator is computed.	3
In addition, although there are no papers in fields such as art, humanities and physics, it has been seen that there are citations to papers from these fields.	4
Each edge represents an author in the network, and the connections between them (edges) represent their collaborations.	0
These observations suggest that despite the overall ability of reviewers to discriminate between extremely strong grant applications and the remainder, they have limited ability to accurately predict future productivity of meritorious applications in the range relevant to current paylines.	5
From a policy perspective, because, all others equal, increase in productivity is the underlying aim of all productive systems, fostering international collaboration is an indirect way to achieve it.	5
Correspondence concerning this article should be addressed to Rita D'Amico, Institute of Cognitive Sciences and Technologies, CNR, Via San Martino della Battaglia, 44, 00185-Roma, Italy.	0
A two-sample t-test for equal means across genders was conducted.	3
Based on these two files, Appendix A on the number of entries in the ISSN Register by country for 2014 and 2021 was generated.	2
The number of publications increased over the inclusion period with studies conducted in developed countries exceeding those in developing countries by factors ranging from 2.7 in 2006 to 20 in 2010.	4
2Interdisciplinary Center for Science and Technology Studies (IZWT), University of Wuppertal, Germany	0
Through this transition, established incumbents extend their market power from traditional business to an innovative paradigm, securing monopolistic rent in academic publishing.	5
Data were collected from the Operations Research & Management Science category of Journal Citation Reports (2010).	2
We observe an increasingly pronounced rich-club effect among leading academics, with the effect being up to twice as strong with respect to the null model for authors with an incoming weight around 104 in the 2000s (Fig.	4
A brain area called the lateral habenula is involved in negative motivation and may thus play a role in depression.	1
To quantify the variation of topics across COVID-19 research, we use LDA for topic modeling.	3
Women had lower mean h index and number of publications than men (2.1±2.3 vs 2.7±3.5,4.5±5.3 vs 6.2±8.0, respectively; both p<0.05).	4
First, it describes differences in international mobility by career stage.	1
Department of Communication, University of Copenhagen, Njalsgade 76, 2300 Copenhagen, Denmark	0
With the exception of aerospace engineering as well as engineering education and practices, CEM was the least funded and had the highest percentage of qualitative research.	4
Tony Stankus was the leading author with twelve research articles published in seven selected STEM LIS journals for the period of 2011–2015.	4
The performance of Indian higher educational institutions (HEIs) in the US News 2022–23 Best Global Universities Rankings and Subject Rankings shows that engineering and natural sciences constitute most of the country's research base.	1
This study also adds to the literature on the conditions of returnee scientists' peer effect.	5
Citation analyses provide valuable insights into the usage of library collections and assist in collection management decision-making; however, there are few engineering citation analyses of faculty publications.	1
[24], capable of dynamically visualizing large networks comprised of hundreds of thousands of nodes and millions of links.	3
Data were analyzed by contingency table analysis, with Chi-squared test, to determine the significance of differences observed between retraction justification categories and professional positions of individuals implicated in misconduct cases published in The Federal Register.	3
Table VII indicates that researchers X and Z have approximately the same quality of scientific production despite the fact that the number of publications of researcher X exceeds the number of publications of researcher Z by 43.	4
A linear regression model was used to assess differences in ACA between the dental subjects in papers co-authored by Brazil.	3
Additionally, we collected all public tweets (over 13,000) that contain a web link (URL) reference to the sample VoxEU columns using Twitter Search (https://twitter.com/search-home).	2
A 3-step approach is employed: the first step examines disciplines' citation characteristics through scientific trading dimensions; the second step analyzes citation flows between pairs of disciplines; and the third step uses egocentric citation networks to assess individual disciplines' citation flow diversity through Shannon entropy.	3
In 1994, 2004, and 2014 combined, the USA published 222 (39.7%) studies and was distantly followed by China (n=72, 12.9%), Republic of Korea (n=46, 8.2%), Germany (n=43, 7.7%), and Japan (n = 39, 7.0%).	4
It is quantitatively inappropriate to generate multiple papers from one, as the current citation process does; and, it fosters the practice of adding undeserving authors.	5
Next, all NIH grants (2006 to 2016) with surgeons as principal investigators were identified using the National Institutes of Health Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools Expenditures and Results (NIH REPORTER), and a grant impact score was calculated for each grant based on the publication's impact factor per funding amount.	2
6 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2016	0
First, the expected value of the paper–paper citations lag (4 years) is shorter than the corresponding value for paper-patent citations (6 years), while the lag of paper-patent citations has fallen in recent years (H1).	5
There are total 44,684 unique solar energy articles obtained from this time period.	2
As expected, there were overlaps among the records retrieved using different queries.	0
As a result, the goal of this study was to gather information from the literature to determine the current state of thermal tolerance, development trends, and current research.	1
A total of 439 publications attributable to the information science lecturers in Kenya were found in Google Scholar.	2
In order to test this hypothesis we analyse the dispersion of research performance within and between universities.	3
The NI does not use a mix of different indicators to compute a sum score.	0
The following is a list of such cases: Dermatologica/Dermatology, Genitourinary Medicine/Sexually Transmitted Infection, Journal of Dermatology and Surgical Oncology/Dermatologic Surgery, Photo-dermatology/Photodermatology, Photoimmunology & Photomedicine, and Skin Pharmacology/Skin Pharmacology and Applied Skin Physiology.	0
This paper partially relies on cited work done in collaboration with Jean-Philippe Cointet, Carla Taramasco and Paul Bourgine.	0
Robust rankings are an attempt to avoid inappropriate evaluations.	5
Data from the interviews suggest that the PI strongly influences overall lab culture and individual student performance and wellbeing.	5
This article demonstrates the scope of DCCPs by constructing an ego-centred citation network for each paper.	5
On the classification metric, the Smart Bibliometrics relies on a mathematical equation that relates the multiple numbers of citations, year of publication, and impact factor of journals, as proposed by the "Methodi Ordinatio" (Pagani et al., 2015).	3
For instance, R01 equivalent grants from the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) have an average size of USD 0.53 million, according to the NIH Data Book11, with a duration of 4–5 years.	5
The PubMed database enabled us to obtain all the papers available in the two topics under study: ovarian cancer and breast cancer.	2
Except for Assessment and Diagnosis, the 95 % confidence intervals for the citation counts exclude 1, giving statistical evidence of having a below average citation count for the subject.	4
Gl?nzel (Gl?nzel 2006) suggested a simple relation among the h-index, h, the sample size (in the classical' Hirsch representation, the number of publications, n) and the density (mean citation rate per paper, x): h = c.n1/3x2/3,	3
This document was presented to the senior editor and CEDIR staff with a demonstration of the procession of one article from submission through to publication.	0
We are therefore estimating that at least two individuals had seen the manuscript for this journal, since two names appeared in the correspondence we received.	0
The objective of this study was to investigate the incidence of plagiarism in a sample of manuscripts submitted to the AJR using CrossCheck, develop an algorithm to identify significant plagiarism, and formulate management pathways.	1
Table 2 and Figure 2 show that the time to publication of COVID-19 papers was shorter than that of non-COVID-19 papers (p <0.001).	4
2012b) and as we go down in the ranking based on the measurement of multidimensional prestige, subject categories are more dissimilar.	4
We thank the anonymous referees for their critical review of this paper.	0
Next, the fast growth was measured based on the acceleration value, which was calculated by introducing the concept of the acceleration of appearance of a keyword, obtaining an acceleration value for the number of appearances of the corresponding keyword for each year, and accumulating it until the last year of appearance.	3
The closest inter-institutional collaboration worldwide exists between the West Virginia University Hospital in Morgantown (USA) and the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) in Morgantown (USA) (Figure 2B).	4
To obtain the names of the agencies appearing in these acknowl- edgments, the numbers of grants were cleaned using the software VantagePoint [Porter and Cunningham (2005)].	3
In 2011, Nephrology Dialysis and Transplantation (NDT) established a more restrictive selection process for manuscripts submitted to the journal, reducing the acceptance rate from 25% (2008–2009) to currently about 12–15%.	1
The data analysis was performed using SPSS, version 20.0 for Windows.	3
A scholarly article often discusses multiple research issues.	1
Parmon consists of 1437 publications, including 1073 journal articles, 86 papers in volumes of collected articles, 10 books, 268 patents, and others.	4
Future attempts to situate prolific authors should consider the conceptual utility of relying on network analysis methods to analyze citation data.	5
The relative productivity of an author was calculated by converting the nominal productivity using the method of sequence-determines-credit (SDC) [36].	3
We find that program participants were twice as likely to choose a research-focused position after training, and considerably less likely to switch to purely clinical endeavors as their careers unfolded.	4
The only dimension that is transversal to both types of mobility is geography.	4
To understand the elaborate characteristics of multiform international collaboration in the influenza virus vaccine field, this paper constructs a multilayered analytical framework (at the country, city and institution levels) of international scientific collaboration to examine the regional distribution, dynamic changes and common themes of collaboration.	1
For the purpose of this research, the author used NPRs from all the U.S.	2
The approach of using a marker paper for finding other seminal papers in research fields might become an interesting tool for scientists to explore their research fields in addition to a keyword-based literature search.	5
What is the network structure of the international scientific collaboration in UIG relationships?	1
The h-index for neurosurgical units is the most reliable bibliometric, which shows the academic standing and correlates well with amount of research grant obtained and size of department.	5
Two reviewers working in duplicate extracted data regarding year of publication, study design, and sources of funding.	3
I have retrieved the articles published in 2017 (361 616 articles) by the scientists of each country from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS).	2
First, in Models (1)–(4), logit regression was used to analyse the effect of funding amount and topic selection constraints on the use of emerging topics as the research topics by funded projects.	3
Second, international comparative research is genuinely more complex in its nature than nationally based research—it has multifaceted national angles, which make specifically complex research objects (e.g.	5
researchers who made it to the second round from 2003 to 2008).	0
However, only the articles published by research scholars working in academic institutes of Pakistan, during 2009–2018, are selected.	2
First-order similarities based on bibliographic coupling or on lexical approaches come with specific methodological issues like sparse matrices, sensitive to spelling variances or context differences.	3
Errors account for 51% of the retractions (47/92).	4
To explore the collaboration roots of disciplines, social network analysis is examined by using co-occurrence analysis referred to as bibliometrics analysis, including author co-citation, co-authorship (employed herein), and co-word analysis.	3
Simple querying methods are designed for straightforward lookups, providing quick access to single records from the CORE API using fixed parameters.	4
Moreover, a close relationship between one country's scientific papers and nuclear power stations was revealed.	4
A general term R is used as a reference paper whose impact factor is to be found.	0
For instance, a policy that focuses on economic inequality and increasing investments in pro-poor areas, alone, might exacerbate the underrepresentation of women and gender inequalities in STEM fields as an unintended consequence.	0
We moreover find parallels between advisors and students in terms of publication and patent outputs.	4
To advance bibliometric analyses in the social sciences this study applies a metric to a publication dataset to examine how authorship credit allocation on published manuscripts might influence factors related to proliferation.	1
Finally, the citation count of the research articles was collected from Scopus API and disciplinary information assigned to each as per the Scopus subject-category scheme employed by Haddawy et al.	2
We observe a significant and positive effect of performance agreements on perceived integrity.	4
This paper introduces a simple agglomerative clustering method to identify large publishing consortia with at least 20 authors and 80% shared authorship between articles.	3
The web survey was created and administered using Qualtrics online survey software.	3
A “Baby Name Guesser” website (http:// www.gpeters.com/names/baby-names.php) was used to identify the gender of both the first and corresponding authors.	3
Using the method described by Lim et al (19), we collected the following: article title, WOS All Database citations, WOS Core Collection citations, Scopus citations, year, journal of publication, authors, number of authors, department affiliation, number of institutions, country of primary institution, study type, study design, sample size, imaging modality, and primary cancers identified.	3
The top-50 highest cited articles on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression were published during the time period 1993–2012 with citation count ranging from 830 to 124.	4
The information collection process was carried out in the aforementioned database, using the “Author” and “Address” fields in the “General Search" section, and the field “Topic” in some cases.	3
The Scopus database was used due to its comprehensive coverage.	2
In this study, 19 experts and scholars in the field of higher education were invited to participate in the investigation and validation, and the first round of the overall construction of high-level universities in Jiangsu was evaluated on the basis of expert scoring.	2
All selected journals were analyzed for the numbers of articles, authorships, institutions and 100 most frequently cited papers.	3
The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: the next section gives a brief description of historical details.	0
They argued—based on the work of Bornmann and Marx (2014a, b)—that beamplots are advantageous because they combine the number of papers and their citation impact, as does the h index, but they do not reduce performance information to a single and somewhat arbitrary number.	5
We use a partition method (k means) that breaks the observations into a distinct number of non-overlapping groups.	3
H-index metrics of all corresponding authors were recorded in January of 2016 from Web of Science, and the highest h-index for each paper was used.	2
The results of this study confirm the gross uneven authorship in IUJ and NAU between OECD and non-OECD countries.	5
Therefore, it is in these latter technology areas where the policies of innovation should be applied in order to obtain an intelligence specialisation in the region.	5
Therefore, we were able to conclude that IS has become a more concrete and internally cohesive research field today on account of the constant effort of IS scholars over the past 20 years.	5
Our analysis explores alternative strategies to demonstrate impact and argues for the importance of evaluating and describing impact in ways that do not rely exclusively on the journal impact factor framework.	1
Mendeley readership counts and Scopus citation counts have strong and significant positive correlations for journal articles in all of the engineering fields analysed and for conference papers in the two computing fields but not in the other two engineering fields, Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering and Building and Construction Engineering, which have weak but positive correlations.	5
1 Negative binomial regression of the predicted number of monthly downloads since publication	0
By identifying and analyzing some variances to the general trends, we found that some successes may be attributed to effectively using the specific R01 structure that supports team science (ie, Multiple Principal Investigator awards), which enables the active collaborations among investigators with different expertise to pursue together a novel scientific hypothesis.	5
Then, to control for the effect of the publication year on the indicators, we compared the results between female and male scholars using analysis of covariance (ANCOVA).	3
In contrast, Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) are better equipped to deal with the numerous fixed effects.	3
We conclude that scientific evolution in periodontology has been based more on narrative reviews than on reproducible systematic reviews.	5
Arslan Sheikh is an assistant librarian in the Junaid Zaidi Library at COMSATS University Islamabad in Pakistan; he may be reached by e-mail at: arslan_sheikh@comsats.edu.pk.	0
Retractions and withdrawals were reviewed both qualitatively and quantitatively.	3
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
We shall show how the indicators can be calculated using Web-of-Science data.	3
A bell-shaped curve provides a good fit with most prize winner citation trajectories, and suggests that economic knowledge follows the typical innovation cycle of adoption, peak, and decline within scholarly careers and shortly afterwards.	4
So we skip it in this communication since it is given in its entirety in the Appendix of Carlin (2009).	0
Comparative analysis reveals that ECRs have stronger beliefs that a good journal has simple submission procedure and is responsive to authors' queries, whilst MCRs show greater beliefs that a quality journal has good indices measuring its impact and high rank.	4
We totally obtain 53 gene-disease pairs in the experiment.	2
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
COVID-19 case reports had a mean of 6.1 authors per manuscript (median 5, SD 3.8), compared to 6.2 (median 5, SD 3.3) in the other group (p = .43).	4
Compared to the top-cited articles, the leading Altmetric articles were: more frequently original articles published in other clinical field journals (54% vs.	4
The assessment was based on structured questions from the ROSE (Relevance of Science Education) test, divided into five blocks to address different aspects.	3
To investigate who the recipients are, we examine the level of interconnectedness among the leading authors with the highest citation counts in each decade by measuring the rich-club coefficient [31, 32] in the author citation networks (see Methods).	3
Next to the policy itself, ethical questions arise on how it came into being, what inspired it, and how such a decision ought to be communicated to potential authors.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
We hypothesize that these junior physician-researchers are subsequently remaining involved with SAGES and advancing within their academic institutions.	1
Regression analysis shows that the drivers for citations include article age, research type, article length, belonging to a special issue, article order in the issue, number of authors, involvement of European authors as lead authors, number of references, and number of keywords.	4
We adopted Leiden algorithm, one of the fastest and best-performing cluster identification algorithms (Blondel et al., 2008; Lancichinetti and Fortunato, 2009; Traag et al., 2019; Yang et al., 2016), using Gephi.	3
To overcome the limitations of Formula (1), we can weight the ratio Cij/Cj by the global share of j’s publications Pj.	3
3) and finally, (iii) the cumulative number of co-publications within these cells.	3
Vlokh Institute of Physical Optics, 23 Dragomanov Street, 79005, Lviv, Ukraine, vlokh@ifo.lviv.ua	0
established publishers) as conflictual dualism, it is more productive to conceive them in associative and mutually constitutive fashion.	4
We therefore used personal networks to get access to Chinese scientists.	2
Here, we introduce an implementable system for providing quality manuscript editing service through an in-house editing team that manages and controls the quality of the out-going editing requests as well as provides personalized in-person editing services.	1
scientists in the area of environmental sciences and ecology as listed in ISIHighlyCited.com.	2
As such, our approach does not pretend to embrace the whole complexity of knowledge-intensive organizations, in particular the intricate co-evolutionary processes existing between formal organizations and more local team-based and individual-based decisions (Lazega et al.	0
This is still a preliminary investigation at a very aggregated level.	0
2006), to ensure robustness of the bibliometric approach, our analysis deals only with the sciences and some SDSs of the social sciences, for a total of 12,747 professors in 195 SDSs and 11 UDAs, as shown in Table 1.	2
This indicates that, even if Indian LIS researchers produce the same amount of research as American LIS researchers, they are unlikely to receive equitable attention and prominence in terms of citations received.	5
For the analyses that were performed for this article, we queried various types of data, such as: education, research and development expenditures, gross domestic product (GDP), the number of publications in Nature, the rankings of universities, their budgets, endowments and annual gifts, respectively.	2
But only the collaboration of scientists has a strong positive effect on SP.	5
The network was relatively loose, and most subnetworks were of small scales.	4
The authors acknowledge the able assistance of Linda Lee and Michelle Ngiam in data collection and classification.	0
Food safety, health administration, and the general principles of civil law were the main areas of focus in CHL research, which is basically in line with what we expected.	4
Note: The criteria are listed in descending order by their mean ratings.	0
In a straightway, this study entails an increasing trend of multi-authored publications (46 % in 2004 and 90 % in 2009); thus promotes collaboration in agreement with many other disciplines.	5
The international collaboration by researchers affiliated to institutions in Eastern European countries at the time points of 1990, 2000 and 2011 was studied with the help of Pajek and VOSviewer software, based on data from the Science Citation Index (Thomson Reuters).	2
This essay uses resource allocation theory, which explains why people engage in different sorts of citizenship behaviours, to understand this pattern.	5
Enrichment of co-authorship patterns with author scientific profiles helps uncover associations between author team characteristics and appearance in high-impact journals.	5
Motivated by the 40th anniversary of TR-Part B (1979-2019), this paper utilized a bibliometric analysis technique to present a lifetime overview of the development characteristics and contribution details of TR-Part B in the past 40 years.	1
It is one of the largest academic genealogy available on the web, consisting of approximatively 200K not-isolated scientists (186,505) with information on their mentors and students.	2
If you consider content in White Rose Research Online to be in breach of UK law, please notify us by emailing eprints@whiterose.ac.uk including the URL of the record and the reason for the withdrawal request.	0
Factors such as political, economical, cultural differences and linguistic barriers have played an determining role in this isolation.	0
Jupyter Notebooks and Python scripts were used to analyse, filter, clean and process the data.	3
The diffusion of citation knowledge is an important measure of transdisciplinary scientific impact and the diversity of transdisciplinary citation content (sentences).	1
Bibliographic information (publishing year, journal, author, affiliation, etc.) and MeSH terms of retrieved articles were documented and analyzed by the software Thomson Data Analyzer version 3.0 (TDA, Thomson Reuters Co., New York, NY, USA).	3
This bibliometric study might be helpful for the researchers who intend to submit their research in IJCIM.	5
The analysis confirms that gender performance differences in the early career may be disappearing, a result that sharply contrasts to what has been concluded from earlier studies.	5
Preliminary data suggest that COVID-19 pandemic resulted in generation of a large amount of scientific data, and demonstrates potential problems regarding the information velocity, availability, and scientific collaboration in the early stages of the pandemic.	4
One key lesson from this project is the importance of expanding the skill sets of librarians in order to meet the evolving role of libraries.	5
This paper focuses on the ability of the major multidisciplinary bibliometric databases, i.e., Scopus and WoS, to clean up old dirty data.	1
269139 “Dynamics and cooperative phenomena in complex physical and biological environments”, IRSES Project No.	0
According to the test, a statistically significant difference at 0.001-confidence level was observed between the impact factors of the journals with and without early view features (U=266.00; z=-5.177; r=-0.572; p<0.001).	4
Our strategy to address this issue was to use panel data to control for unobserved individual journal effect.	3
In 53 JCR groups (about 31 %), 50 % or more of the journals changed their rank position when 1–5 citations were added to the number used to compute the JIF.	4
Four responses were received from B-type institutions, and given this small sample size, they are not considered in our statistical analysis.	0
We show that: i) the distribution of the average scores for the university disciplinary areas, grouped for size, follows an exponential decay; ii) the width of the distribution scales as a power law of size, with the scaling exponent B≈0.19; iii) it is possible to apply the methodology to create a scale-independent ranking of university performance, beginning from the measured data.	4
It is found that inventor centrality analysis, frequency correlation analysis, and cosine similarity measurement all show that IBPCA is correlated with IPPCA;	4
The random sampling data were based on 5% SCI and SSCI samples and 10% CSCD and CSSCI samples.	2
Table 3 Number of titles with colons and question marks in Hartley's book chapters and articles	0
Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain	0
The aim of this study was to determine which recent papers in the field of neurology have received the highest Altmetric Attention Scores (AASs).	1
Respondents identified barriers in finding adequate mentorship, time to gather preliminary data, and the quality of administrative support.	4
Especially for institutes from non-English-speaking countries with publications in their respective national languages, an exclusive use of international databases, such as Web of Science or Scopus, cannot fully consider the whole research performance.	5
Section 3 describes the construction of the data and Section 4 provides an overview of the empirical approach.	0
In many cases researchers start by publishing above U.S.	4
In this study, we examine various trends among 2,375 articles retracted due to misconduct in all scholarly fields.	1
The preliminary conclusion is that the PREF data provide, with a few exceptions, a reasonably good coverage of the main funding instruments, while the more disaggregated approach to instruments allows a better categorization and breakdown between project and institutional funding.	4
We estimated all models with Stata version 13 (StataCorp, 2013).	3
A total of 431 most-cited articles have been published in these journals based on the h5-index of each journal, i.e.	2
Our data suggest that networked trustees may constitute an emerging organizational field in which trustees who share research interests are an intermediating entity that shifts research universities in an entrepreneurial direction that is increasingly important to the management of university-industry science.	5
RESULTS: A total of 2867 articles generated 39,190 citations in WoS, 61,682 in GS, and 43,481 in Scopus.	4
Therefore, we introduce a weight for each RESP value that represents the fraction of a field at a university.	1
All publications registered in the WoS from the time period 1951-2021 were analyzed, mostly in terms of international collaboration, merit content and research areas.	2
One of the most apparent effects of CoE funding is the ability to expand the research environment in terms of new staff and also to enrich and develop junior staff in the direction of the research program through leadership opportunities, social interaction, and training.	4
The focus of this study was articles published by LIS authors in non-LIS journals across various disciplines.	0
Besides, we compare our results with a standard multiple regression model (i.e., Ordinary Least Squares, OLS), which is the most used regression model in research fields, such as econometrics and scientometrics.	3
In this section, figures and tables are employed to describe the relationship based on distribution between the paper length and citations from top biomedical journals.	0
Core Collection (WoS), which is a software application included Science Citation Index Expanded journals from 1975 to date for this study [2, 4].	2
This paper identifies the degree to which scientists are willing to change the direction of their work in exchange for resources.	1
Это условие, очевидно, выполнено, если обе группы авторов чаще цитируют статьи из первого, более качественного журнала.	4
The most prolific authors (Bo-Christer Bj?rk) contributed 12 articles (10.43%).	4
Medicine topped the list with 43,318 article publications.	4
And, what is the effective growth rate of journal's wealth if there exists dependence among successive selections of high quality manuscripts?	1
We have calculated both the Average Citations per Paper (ACPP) and also the Average normalized Citations per Paper (AnCPP), which is the absolute number of citations divided by the number of years passed after the publication of each paper.	3
Also, we find that the most funded researchers do not stand out in terms of output and scientific impact.	4
Keywords India · Bangladesh · Pakistan · Sri Lanka · Publication analysis · Country h-indices	0
To collect data, we used the topic field of the Web of Science search system which implements searching by title, abstract and keywords.	2
Recruitment of subjects was conducted during the second half of the 2022 year.	2
Based on APS citation relations, we construct a citation cascade for every article in the data set.	3
Each submission to the REF2014 provided a detailed set of data which consisted of the number of PGR completions (from 1 August 2008 to 31 July 2013) and total research income generated by the submitting unit (external research income and research income-in-kind from 1 August 2008 to 31 July 2013).	2
The underlying importance of this study stems from the fact that faculty members represent the basic pillar of academic integrity, and their ATP, whether positive or negative, affect their students and academic behaviour in general.	5
These results show that analytics can complement the tenure decision-making process in academia and improve the prediction of academic impact.	5
The results for the validation with the special issues dataset, presented in Table 6, show that the bibliographic coupling solutions eb and en perform best with values of about 0.5 while the other solutions obtain values at lower levels.	4
And how does Computer Science compare against other fields of study?	1
Journals in “Communication” field emerge to be an important source of influence in Internet research, whose mean structural influence ranks third among the eight fields, below “Business” and “Economics/Finance”, but above other five fields.	4
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Data from Scopus were exported to Excel and then to the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS; SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL, USA) program version 15 for analysis.	3
The index of the new journal, the impact factor for SCI-E journals and journal quartile were recorded.	3
Bibliometric analysis is a quantitative approach used to analyse bibliographic data (Broadus 1987).	3
The growth trajectories and disciplinary composition of generalist journals-including megajournals-reflect changing knowledge dissemination and reward structures in science.	5
The objective of this study was to describe trends in scientific publication for the FWI and the DR using bibliometric analysis, to describe existing international collaborations for each site, and to identify directions for potential collaboration between the 2 sites.	1
The following search keywords were used: TI=(Triple Negative Breast Cancer) OR TI=(Breast Cancer, Triple-Negative) OR TI=(Breast Neoplasm, Triple-Negative) OR TI=(Triple-Negative Breast Neoplasm) OR TI= (ER Negative PR Negative HER2 Negative Breast Cancer) OR TI=(ER-Negative PR-Negative HER2-Negative Breast Neoplasm) OR TI=(TNBC) OR (TI= (BRCA1) AND TI=(breast) AND TI=(mutation)) AND Language=English.	2
Of the 916 articles published in 2017, original investigations accounted for most articles (66.7%), followed by reviews (14.5%), guideline/scientific statements (8.4%), research letters (3.7%), viewpoints (3.7%), and editorials (2.9%).	4
From the Thomas Jefferson University, Philadelphia, PA, Duke University School of Medicine, Durham, NC, Wake Forest School of Medicine, Winston-Salem, NC, Henry Ford Hospital, Detroit, MI, Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Bronx, NY, Mercer University School of Medicine, Macon, GA, and National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, Bethesda, MD.	0
Overall, our findings unveil the predictability of scientific impact and provide researchers with concrete suggestions for expanding their scientific influence and, ultimately, for more effectively “standing on the shoulders of giants.”	5
Knowing how to identify instances of misconduct, understanding the impact misconduct may have on research and practice, and being able to actively respond to misconduct by reviewing, updating, and applying journal publishing ethics policy, is a necessary skill set for every information professional and LIS researcher.	5
The AAS for the top 100 articles were in the range of 145–1467.	4
We applied the findings from previous algorithmic disambiguation studies to our disambiguation process as follows.	0
Of course, this methodology is not without limitations, in particular because it strongly relies on researchers' interpretation of the data (Alvesson and Sandberg, 2020).	0
* Overall ranking of the participants among the top 63 Kurdologists.	0
To evaluate change over time, we include papers published with addresses in the sample countries from three publication years: 2004, 2009, and 2014.	2
We thank Rebecca Ferrell for helpful comments on an advance copy of this manuscript.	0
We examined the data with the R software package and applied multiple ordinary least squares (OLS) regression, with respondents' perceptions of who is able to evaluate the quality of their research as the dependent variables and the independent variables shown in Table 1.	3
The RPYS method reveals the historical publications potentially relevant for the evolution of a specific research field which could be taken into consideration when its history is reviewed.	5
A more systematic conceptualisation of how valuations of innovativeness play out differently in these evaluative settings may be a valuable focus for further inquiry.	0
Given a classification system into a number of scientific fields, Crespo et al. (2013a) introduces a simple model in which the number of citations received by an article is a function of two variables: the article's underlying scientific influence, and the field to which it belongs to.	3
In the analysis of the productivity of individual researchers, Y-index was used.	3
Finally, we want to spell out one caution: although researcher level method is easy to understand and the underlying idea is also widely used to assess researcher’s scientific impact (e.g., some researchers might claim that their publications have high impact because they are cited by certain researchers with high scientific impact), it has the potential risk of credit misallocation.	0
Aiming at a comparison of the international visibility of several European scientific communities, we assess bibliometric data on Germany for a five-year period and compare them with data for the Netherlands, Spain, and Scandinavian countries (Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden).	3
For each publication, we collected the title, abstract, and publication year.	2
Finally, the 124 articles as the basis for answering the four research questions.	2
for students and staff for the academic year 2015/16.	2
To outline the changes in the geographical pattern of international scientific collaborations between cities and investigate the patterns of high-impact collaborations, we classified each link into quarters based on the Jaccard index (Table 3).	3
Editor: Ranjdar Mahmood Talabani, University of Sulaimani College of Dentistry, IRAQ	0
It created thematic maps based on the approach of co-word network analysis and clustering (Cobo et al., 2011).	3
The paper introduces a model that relates base concepts in the study of migration to bibliometric constructs, and discusses the potentialities and limitations of a bibliometric approach both with respect to data accuracy and interpretation.	1
We selected from the descriptors retrieved those which occurred at least 5 times, and they were used to construct a (square, symmetric) co-occurrence matrix.	3
Our study found a rapid increase in the number of PET-related papers from 2007 to 2016.	5
Received 3 January 2003; received in revised form 14 March 2003; accepted 8 May 2003	0
Our findings suggest that this magazine's role differs significantly from the traditional view of popularization.	4
Keywords Antarctic continent · Bibliometric analysis · Relative growth rate · Financial support Public policies	0
Thus, the number of publications can act as a surrogate marker of the quantity of research being performed in an institute.	5
This study was conducted in 2016 and focused on a 10-year (2006–2015) analysis of publications on Africa authored and co-authored by MSU.	2
The unit for analyzing citation functions is an in-text citation.	3
We conducted a large-scale field experiment during a medium-sized scientific conference, relying on 305 human-written and 20 AI-written abstracts that were reviewed either by AI or 217 human reviewers.	2
Faculty in 2013 also made an average of 8.4 requests to third-party repositories.	4
In this sense, our index has behaved well in a great number of journals from very different fields.	5
Visualizations were created with the analysis of country co-authorship, author co-authorship, cited source co-citation and author keyword co-occurrence.	3
We perform an analysis of statistics from the Stanford's top 2% list and Nobel Laureates.	2
The reading-related questions are based on the “critical incident technique” first developed by Flanagan (1954), which has since been applied to many contexts, including libraries and readings (Radford, 2006; Andrews, 1991).	3
The gravitas variable is significant at the 1% level, and the celebrity variable is insignificant at even the 10% level.	4
Forty of them were on hot (and often controversial), rapidly emerging areas of COVID-19 and one was on artificial intelligence.	4
In the three formulas, y indicates the mean of the actual values, N indicates the number of samples, y indicates the actual value and y' indicates the predicted value.	0
Here, proceeding papers belong to articles, and book chapters belong to reviews.	0
The average citations per article (32.7) are skewed by highly cited articles, which make up 7.8% of the articles but account for 34.5 of the total number of citations.	4
* The n varies for some of the analysis in this study due to missing data for some variables.	0
More specifically, we ask (1) whether the researchers who choose to engage in translational research have a strong scientific record, (2) how interdisciplinary research spanning basic and applied research influences the output of academic research, and (3) how different disciplinary distance in interdisciplinary research contributes to reputational benefits of researchers.	1
The study focused on evaluating the evolution of South Asian medical research output on diabetes, examining the research productivity and impact of leading regional institutions, identifying patterns of regional and international collaboration, as well as the authors from each regional country, and comparing the regional research output on diabetes with that of other regions and the rest of the world.	1
Figure 2 gives number of papers and the citation time lag.	0
The Cronbach's Alpha for the survey was 0.83, which indicated a high level of reliability (see Taber (2018)).	4
The logistic regression model: f(x) = c/[1+axexp(-bxx)] was used to model the cumulative volume of documentation due to its good fit and ability to predict future trends in the literature [17,18].	3
The phenomenon seems to reflect a mode 2 type of scholarship produced in the context of application, organizationally diverse, socially accountable, and aiming to be socially useful as well as high quality as assessed by peers.	5
We thank Mike Hague and NUVI analytics (nuvi.com) for help with data collection.	0
RQ3: How do Google Scholar and Scopus compare for these conferences?	1
To better understand whose judgments are reflected by which types of altmetrics, we aim to answer the following research question by analyzing the survey data: RQ1: Which actions related to altmetrics are performed frequently by researchers from which career stages?	1
We would also like to thank the indexing staff of the American Institute of Physics for performing the comparison indexing.	0
Statistical analysis included evaluation of differences in the relative acceptance rates of the manuscripts among the four groups.	3
Three different datasets are gathered for the evaluation of the team formation algorithms.	2
GDP per capita was significantly correlated with only “usage” (p=0.044).	4
The final randomly selected sample (n = 657) was used to repeat the same test that we conducted with the original sample.	0
Figure 4 reveals that the degrees of nodes in the co-authorship network accord with some skewed distribution that resembles the power-law distribution for the nodes whose degrees are greater than 2.	4
To explore the intra-collaboration outputs, we consider three metrics: (i) the intra-collaboration index, (ii) the number of cells with co-publications (cells in gray color in Fig.	3
The aims of the study were to measure: 1) the quality and quantity of publications in orthopedics-related journals from China and other five counties, 2) the trend of the number of publications in orthopedics-related journals.	1
To use WISER (Web Indicators for Science, Technology and Innovation Research) ranking method to know the visibility and connectivity of the open accesses digital repositories of agricultural sciences on the web.	1
The thematic area Middle-Aged People is the most important topic with reference to the number of documents and citations, obtaining the highest-impact index and h-index.	4
The burden of disease data used in the comparative analysis was sourced from the Global Burden of Disease (GBD), which is a comprehensive regional and global research program of disease burden that assesses mortality and disability from major diseases, injuries, and risk factors.	2
Furthermore, we leveraged a multi-task learning (MTL) model to perform CAC and CSC jointly and then compared its performance to those of several widely-used deep learning models.	3
The value of collaboration coefficient (CC) for India during the period of study is 0.69.	4
First, how has academic adhesion to the idea of collaboration, and debate about its worth and risks, evolved during the last decades?	1
Data are obtained from Unesco for student mobility networks and Altmetric.com for scholarly communication on social media.	2
For time-variant metrics (e.g., views, downloads, which may be expected to vary with length of preprint availability), we analysed the difference between COVID-19 and non-COVID-19 preprints using generalised linear regression models with calendar days since January 1, 2020 as an additional covariate and negative binomially distributed errors.	3
The findings highlight the importance of a national research-support system and development of IC as strategies for new states that are entering the HEP field, and provide comparison of the two strategies.	5
Received 15 November 2018; Received in revised form 25 June 2020; Accepted 25 June 2020	0
By far, the UK and US are the most frequently compared countries, followed by Australia, Germany, China, Canada, the Netherlands, France, Japan and Sweden.	4
Grooming at least a quarter of the Indian journals to international quality offering multiple alternative publication channels to authors who fall easy prey to predatory publishers is the first pragmatic step in that direction.	5
Web of Science provides detailed information about publications.	2
The views expressed herein are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Bureau of Economic Research.	0
Michele Silveira Coelho and Fabiana Gon?alves Barbosa contributed equally to this work.	0
The sample targeted three research-intensive academic staff from each area including academics with at least a 50% research allocation as a result of research-intensive appointments or research funding that enabled the ‘buy out’ of duties such as teaching.	2
Collaborators from outside Africa played instrumental roles in providing resources and securing research funds.	4
The resulting dataset was subjected to Multidimensionalscaling [or MDS, for technical details of this method, see, e.g., Borg and Groenen (2005)].	3
Our final sample consisted of 182 researchers, where the mean age was 41.56(SD=9.89)years, and 53.6% were women.	2
Impact factor was the determining journal selection criterion (85%).	4
Are there any differences in the bookmarking of articles and reviews?	1
Column (2) shows that female authors have 6% more probability to be excluded from inventorship, ceteris paribus.	4
The techniques listed in Table 1 were implemented from December 2011 to January 2012.	3
In the comparison between patents granted and cited patents, Fudan University (FU) had 935 patents granted and 37% were cited; however, 60% of the studied institutions such as: AstraZeneca, Pfizer, Abbott, GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), Bristol Myers Squibb (BMS), Becton-Dickinson (BD), Merck Sharp Dohme (MSD), Boehringer Ingelheim (BI), Sun Yat-sen University (SYSU), Shanghai Jiao Tong University (SJTU), China Pharmaceutical University (CPU) y Centre National De La Recherche Scientifique (CNRS); had patent granted values (average 615) lower than the previous ones, but cited patent percentages (average 63%) higher than the same institution.	4
We extracted 238,789 terms from the titles and abstracts of the 17,445 articles using the NLP function in VantagePoint1.	2
How do academic library collections support research and teaching activities of academic staff?	1
For the second research question, the geographical analysis of tweeters shows that Twitter accounts from an author’s home country contribute significantly in diffusing scholarly articles on the social web, as indicated by the correlation and regression analyses.	5
The collected analysis was used to develop visual representations for selected indicators using Python and JavaScript, and incorporated on the web-based user interface.	3
Using CSSCI (2003–2012) as a data source, the CLIS document records are selected, and then the core keywords and distinct scholars who made a certain contribution to the discipline are identified through data-cleaning; this process forms triples formatted as <Keyword, Scholar, Weight>.	2
In order to control for the number of authors, we compute the fractional publications.	3
The citation impact of publications was analyzed using an open citation window (i.e.	3
Pairwise correlations were performed using Spearman's rank correlation coefficient (r).	3
Philippe van der Beck, Michael Khotyakov and Stefan Suttner provided excellent research assistance.	0
5,774 distinct acknowledgees are mentioned in the corpus, a population more than four times bigger than that of formal authors of the articles (= 1391).	4
At the end of 2010, 241 of the 1003 CAST journals were OA (24 per cent), while in 2007, 101 were (Table 1).	4
We provide novel evidence on this question by exploiting a natural experiment in which six high-impact, usually gated AERA journals became open access for a 2-month period in 2017.	1
The uptake of content in questionable journals cannot be attributed to self-citations, which accounted for only 12% of citations and was actually lower than the self-citation rate observed for non-questionable journals (16%), although higher than the 9.5% observed in another sample (Kulczycki et al., 2021).	5
Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	0
Upon study completion, we will analyze data using a general linear mixed regression model with repeated measures.	3
Network centrality was calculated using the average of three basic network centrality measures: degree, closeness and betweenness centrality.	3
H-indices ranged from 0 to 108, with an average of 25.3 and median of 22.	4
Table 1 The frequency of co-cited papers in opinion similarity categories	0
Therefore, publication in non-mainstream journals cannot be attributed only to 'low scientific quality' research.	4
The plot shows that old IITs (IITKGP, IITB, IITM) occupy better positions.	0
The data collected included various alternative metrics such as policy mentions, Mendeley readers, Wikipedia mentions, blog mentions, Facebook mentions, and news mentions, in addition to citation counts from Scopus.	2
Moreover, the 2DS index is a comprehensive measure that aggregates the aforementioned aspects (L.	3
This study indicates current and future directions in the energy field.	5
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
The ‘citation report' feature then provided an h-index for the set of documents.	3
By analyzing the keywords in Tier One journals, the authors found that the total counts of top ten keywords in Tier One journal articles represent almost 15% of the total number of keywords in this category.	4
There were significantly fewer total weighted style errors in the copyediting group (1 error/10 citations; median, 0.07) than in the comparison group (3 errors/10 citations; median, 0.63; U = 66, P = .002).	4
Third, interdisciplinarity's emergence has been slow and partial, thus supporting the idea of a ‘covert interdisciplinarity.'	4
Journal of Knowledge Management is cited the most by the journal with 1135 cites followed by Strategic Management Journal with 1029 cites.	4
Downloaded from http://bioscience.oxfordjournals.org/ at Cornell University Library on April 25, 2015	0
7 in the table) has become the locus classicus for the introduction of co-word analysis in bibliometrics.	4
We normalized the means to express them on a 100-point percentage scale and devised a plagiarism rubric (Table 3).	4
Regression analysis used to describe the model of the relationship confirmed a power correlation to best fit the distribution of the two variables (see figure 2).	3
In this paper, we propose a novel Analyzing Reliable Patterns of Infrequent Synonymous Biterms (ARPISB) method to improve the accuracy of predicting the potential influences of emerging topics.	5
In this paper, following the results presented in the "Appendix", the degree of dissimilarity between two discrete probability distributions P and Q is to be measured using the Kullback–Leibler information function (Kullback 1978).	3
Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
In this analysis, I replace price with quality of publications because of its importance in evaluating research outcomes.	5
The query identified 3 767 874 articles, of which 278 846 (7.4%) were published in OBGYN journals.	4
Final approval of the completed manuscript: Pengfei Zhang and Roger Cheng.	0
We examine concentration trends in top accounting journals from 1990 to 2014 and compare these trends with those in other major business school disciplines.	1
On the whole, mature and well-developed research subfields of RecSys in China have been formed, and have great potential for further development.	5
Our results can inform decisions around defining and sustaining research agendas and offer insights on the progression of the computing discipline.	5
The USA (19,915) and China (6828) produced the most articles between 1992 and 2016, accounting for 31.6 and 10.8%, respectively, with USA productivity being 2.9 times higher than that of China.	4
To analyse the evolution of graphene related research we extracted terms from the abstracts and titles of all graphene related papers in the document set.	3
Finally, considering the scope of this study, the analysis is focused on the Social Sciences articles.	2
The data used to characterise ISC networks come from Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science database, which is important for accessing academic information worldwide.	2
The most promising way to minimize these lost citations involves integrating persistent identifiers into legal publishing practices.	5
they perform at least one core or middle layer task.	4
Using text mining, these terms are applied to a base dataset of nanotechnology publication records, with further validation, manual term clustering, and exclusion strategies used to derive a subset of active nanotechnology publications for further analysis (see Fig.	3
In terms of citation impact, authors who publish frequently in PLOS ONE tend to publish more frequently than average in Quartile 1 and Top 10 per cent impact journals.	5
The novelty character of this perspective paper is to indicate and point out the main research themes/lines addressing the relationships between metrology, agriculture, and food by analyzing: (i) the authors of the published papers; (ii) the type of paper; (iii) the countries and institutions where the research is developed.	1
RMS is a novel system for integrating expertise and resources to support multidisciplinary and cross-institutional collaboration.	5
However, there was a statistically significant increase in the number of unique institutions from 2.1 (1.4) in 2015 to 2.3 (1.6) in 2019 (p=.01).	4
The bemusement grows when the investment that universities are putting into their repositories is considered.	0
In this phase, each manuscript is quantitatively represented by a score, reflecting its internal quality.	2
Most corrected articles were original research articles (n = 568, 76.9%), predominantly with the first author from the United States (n = 262, 36.1%).	4
The number of original/nonidentical journals is 324; more than half of them (175, or 54%) are published by the Russian Academy of Sciences.	4
Research output is heavily concentrated in high-income countries and is mainly focused on their health needs, resulting in a relative lack of attention to diseases in lower income countries.	4
Department of Media & Communication, YeungNam University, Gyeongsan-si, Gyeongsangbuk-do 712-749, South Korea	0
incremental), among other peer review assessment criteria, influence tourism publication.	1
Operationally, Pinski and Narin (1976) first normalized the citation matrix and then an eigenvalue operation is used so that instead of a raw count of citations C, a (recursively) weighted count is generated that operationalizes the “prestige” of the citing journal in the field represented by the (sub)graph.	3
of citations weighted by citation window) was compared to WCI prior retraction (P-value = 0.5972).	4
Main outcome measures Research impact measured through citations and innovation value measured through the innovation index.	3
First, these results confirm that the definition of policy intended to maximize research productivity must take due account of the question of the different types of collaboration, evaluating their benefits and costs.	5
The relative acceptance rates of manuscripts in the lower review performance score groups (scores 1, 2, and 3) were significantly higher than those of the highest review score group (score 4) for Original Research (p = 0.036, p < 0.0001, p < 0.0001) and Pictorial Essay (all p < 0.0001, except for score 3) manuscripts.	4
In analyzing the dispute over the rankings, we begin by providing a brief description of their impact and underlying logic.	3
I thank Loet Leydesdorff for many useful discussions about the notions studied in this article.	0
Starting from the bibliometric analysis, visualization and interpretation were carried out on research trends and co-occurrence, co-authoring and co-citation networks linked to scientific production related to SR of socioenvironmental dynamics in extractive ecosystems and studies related to conservation practices founded on SD.	5
Our main findings show evidence of a positive correlation between average journal impact and advancing the publication of accepted articles, moreover this correlation increases over time.	4
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(0):1–18, 2019	0
The goal of this paper is to assess whether early Mendeley reader counts indicate later citation impact in the sense that they correlate strongly and positively with later citation counts.	1
Dr Grant Lewison reports personal fees from Institute of Medical Information, Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Beijing, China, during the conduct of the study; grants from Economic and Social Research Council, UK, outside the submitted work.	0
Adopting the early view policy may significantly help increase the impact factor and immediacy index values of the journals, as well as the visibility of their contents.	5
Objective: To compare the citation impact of ARRA-funded de novo National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute R01 grants with concurrent de novo National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute R01 grants funded by standard payline mechanisms.	1
We then asked independent assessors (external to the NDT editorial board), selected from experts in the field covered by these papers, to re-examine and score the same papers.	3
Herein, we have shown that the AAS achieves increased productivity in its members in metrics found to be influential in career advancement.	5
The thesis that is developed in detail below holds that the more distant the claimant and evaluator are in physical and nonphysical spaces, the less probable the claimant’s knowledge claim is being replicated by the evaluator.	4
To further facilitate the interpretation of the results, we will also conduct an analysis of network components.	3
2 are (at least in principle) sufficient for generating the pattern of stratification observed empirically.	4
PubMed was accessed to verify publication details of manuscripts conveyed in curricula vitae, which were then tallied.	3
This finding demonstrates that the blog network is shaped by thematic sub-network and suggests that non specialized categories act as bridges connecting cliques.	0
Then the cumulative number L(t) of citations at time t received by the individual paper by instantaneous and progressive nucleation may be given by the unified Avrami–Weibull equation (cf.	3
This process led to 15 additional interviews, resulting in a total of 22 interviews.	2
The output score is dimensionless and can be used for comparisons within and between countries.	5
For example, in Model 4, we can find that industrial Ph.D.	4
The efficiency metrics demonstrated an inverse power law relationship with the scalar metric (Figure 3D).	4
In the case of the period of 2014–2016, we compared the relative strengths of international scientific collaborations based on the Jaccard indexes derived from all papers, and HCPs exclusively.	3
Of 42,738 patent families, only 8793 patent families had knowledge bursts, and the patent family knowledge burst rate was 20.57%.	4
Assume countries produce scientific research following a Cobb-Douglas production function in which there are two main inputs: capital and labor.	3
Is access to journal articles provided through a journal package or aggregator database?	1
Publication and citation data were collected from Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science.	2
Proposals for Countermeasures by Academic Journals in China's Institutions of Higher Learning Against Academic Corruption	0
As a consequence, the majority of researchers working in the food industry do not qualify for authorship according to the ICMJE criteria in most papers being published.	4
Therefore, this paper proposes a quantitative method for evaluating academic papers by integrating the factors of impact and novelty.	1
By preliminary analysis, we find that many cycles appear in our heterogeneous network.	3
As a general takeaway from this experiment, it seems that the layout of the basemaps was generally more easily understood than the built-in functionalities such as subdiscipline search and metrics filters.	5
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://www.jstor.org/page/ info/about/policies/terms.jsp	0
From the welfare point of view, this result suggests that the misallocation of credit is not only detrimental for third-parties using attribution rights as signals, but also for those scientists which are excluded from the patent.	5
We establish a link between international trade in goods and international collaboration of scientific studies.	5
The number of citations ranged from 388 to 124.	4
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
As the data presented here reveal, a significant increase in the publishing activities of Slovenian researchers (publications in important scientific journals) can be identified after the introduction of relevant services offered by libraries and librarians.	5
This paper explores the relationship between traditional metrics and alternative metrics for psychological research in the years from 2010 to 2012.	1
We have chosen a corpus of 6000 top-cited papers extracted from the WoS on October 2020 and for which at least one of the authors is affiliated to the National Center for Scientific Research (CNRS).	2
It is not surprising to find that the keyword “sustainability" is in the center of the graph, followed by "energy efficiency" and "thermal comfort”.	4
Acknowledgements The present study is an extended version of an article presented at the 19th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics, Bloomington (USA), 2–5, July (Cao et al., 2023).	0
American Sociological Association is collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to Sociology of Education.	0
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
Obtaining research funding was a significant barrier among respondents from lower and upper-middle-income countries, whereas finding time for research was a reported barrier by respondents from high-income countries.	4
Major change is observed in the themes and trends of content published in Current Science during the study period, although the journal has remained India-focused.	4
This paper introduces a novel scientometrics method and applies it to estimate the subject coverages of many of the popular English-focused bibliographic databases in academia.	1
I match each 50-59 cohort paper to a paper from 80-84 period with the same Level-1 Concept based on the citations it receives during 95-99 and 00-04; that is, Cites95-99 and Cites00-04.	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 54(7):594–602, 2003	0
See the Appendix for more detailed information on the dataset and the data collection process.	0
The four indicators give a rather consistent picture: each of them places the researchers in about the same ranking, and together they may constitute a valid overall indicator of independence.	5
Given the relative size of the populations, it should be emphasized that mainland China still has a long way to go to achieve the academic performance of Hong Kong and Taiwan.	5
Received 7 July 2022; Received in revised form 13 September 2022; Accepted 3 November 2022	0
We obtained 356 articles – 177 authored by Lab Leaders adopting a translational approach and 179 authored by those favoring the standard approach.	2
External synergies: the most involved scientific disciplinary sectors are AGR01, AGR02, AGR03 and ICAR20.	0
A logical way to reduce the impact of individual high citation counts is to use the geometric mean rather than the standard mean in JIF calculations.	1
As shown in Figure 1, Scientific Reports has displaced early entrant PLOS One as the most prolific megajournal.	4
By examining measures of scholarly performance taken at different stages in the careers of a single age cohort in a single pure research discipline we have been able to compare and quantify the ability of the three primary means of scholarly evaluation (citations, downloads, and peer review) to measure current and predict future performance.	5
We find that in 2006, the share of papers with co-authors from different institutions was 68%, declining slightly to 65% in 2016.	4
This paper aims to explore the characteristics of knowledge diffusion of library and information science to reveal its development trend and influence on other disciplines.	1
European partners are preferred in terms of foreign collaboration, followed by researchers from other Maghreb countries.	4
However, male Nanoscientists in the web-absent and web-present groups experience significantly different impacts (Z = ?4.999, Sig.	4
Thanks to Vadim Panov, Marnie Campbell, Frances Lucy and James T.	0
Most NTU researchers perceived Rl education positively although they may have reservations for some approaches.	5
The dominance of standard economics with topics like “market” and “competition” seems to disregard a reality overshadowed by crises, which in a global dimension confronts more and more human beings with the problem of securing their mere subsistence on an economic level.	5
In this article, we chose seven classic algorithms as innovation instances, as shown in Table 1.	2
As multiple nations may be represented in a single study, the percentages within each period add up to more than 100.	0
By using Web of Science's Science Citation Index Expanded, Social Sciences Citation Index, and Arts & Humanities Citation Index, this study probed the patterns and dynamics of book reviews within these three indexes empirically during the past decade (2006–2015).	1
Publications from the USA accounted for 57.14% of the total publications and the highest h-index (48).	4
μy|), ranking the two sets according to their means might not be reliable.	1
Faculty of Arts, Department of Information Science, Helwan University, Cairo, Egypt	0
Through the co-cited references network analysis, co-occurrence keywords network analysis, burst references analysis, burst keywords analysis and dual-map overlays analysis, the structural changes, hotspots and emerging trends of AI applications in cyber security have been identified in a multi criteria and comprehensiveness way.	5
FIGURE 2 | The parametric beta distributions based on the experts’ stickered distributions for Scenario 1 (A; n = 34), 2 (B; n = 35) and 3 (C; n = 33).	0
This study has implications for research policy-making and future studies.	5
We investigate this citation structure by analyzing more than 450,000 articles and over 6 million citation relations.	1
For ease of understanding, we present our results mainly in graphs.	0
For the five-year period 2014–2018, a difference of 2.48 PU in Gold OA journals would roughly mean a difference of 3,819€ between most and least favorable cost sharing models.	4
First, we examined the indicators used in four selected rankings.	3
For our study, we select the top four journals in the marketing field: Journal of Consumer Research (JCR), Journal of Marketing (JM), Journal of Marketing Research (JMR), and Marketing Science (MS).	2
The goals of this study were to identify the 50 most cited articles on rotator cuff repair and to analyze various characteristics of these articles.	1
We calculated their “academic age" as years after their first publication (Supplementary Figure S1).	3
In order to make it possible to compare journals across different fields of research, Web of Science implemented the average journal impact factor percentile (AVG_JIF_PERCENTILE).	3
This methodology aims to classify documents according to their citation histories in three general durability types: Normal type: these are the documents with the typical distribution in their citations over time according to their fields.	3
Excluding some conference papers and noise data, 1097 journal articles remain.	2
One hundred sixty centers were identified, comprising 920 active faculty, 34 craniofacial surgery fellowships, and eight craniofacial orthodontic fellowships; 2356 articles were published in 191 journals.	2
In conclusion, this clustering has shown that it provides acceptable results to classify authors according to their reputations.	5
Outputs were assessed normally by one person on a five-point scale (0, 1, 2, 3, 4), with 4 equating to quality that is world-leading in terms of originality, significance and rigour, and 0 equating to the lowest quality standard or not meeting the REF definition of research.	3
Obtaining time series of the ratio of uncited papers.	3
Of the post-review rejected papers (Table 3), seven appeared in journals with an IF higher than that of NDT.	4
Yearly percentage of English documents among the first and last 100 ranked documents.	0
None of these editorial processes is proof against errors of omission or commission.	0
Here, we applied an integrated assessment approach to evaluate the scientific impact of research projects commissioned by the Australian Centre for International Agricultural Research's Fisheries Program in the Asia-Pacific region between 2000 and 2012.	1
The data was obtained from InCites (Thomson Reuters).	2
About 80–90 % of the Indian cancer researchers are seen to be connected in both periods T?	4
Investigation performed at Midwest Orthopaedics at Rush, Rush University Medical Center, Chicago, Illinois, USA	0
To answer RQ1 and RQ2, text mining was used to identify the percentage and frequency of museum mentions in the impact case studies.	3
In this study we focus on the co-authorship network of faculty in the top five industrial engineering departments in Chile and Korea.	1
An overview of forestry journals in the period 2006–2010 as basis for ascertaining research trends	1
In addition, the resultant ranking is more stable against the highly cited references and random link removal on citation network.	5
Bibliometric analysis has been chosen as the analysis method for the papers published in the 2007-2023 period by the Economic Computation and Economic Cybernetics Studies and Research journal as it offers the needed tools for exploring the topics and the impactful articles, along with the most prominent authors and their affiliations within the journal under investigation (Block & Fisch, 2020).	3
The trend of the citation before and after increasing the visibility makes a good indicator for demonstrating the advertisements role.	3
We proposed the COIRank algorithm to quantify the scientific impact by reproducing the accumulated COI relationship in scientific community.	5
Unlike the statistical analysis of individual research metrics, the approach based on the principal component analysis can provide a complex view of the research systems.	5
The label X is removed from the dataset before final construction of the map	0
This study aims to broaden the focus from the most cited articles in Social Policy journals to discover the most cited works in Social Policy or ‘Social Policy's Greatest Hits'.	1
Second, the method is very simple to apply, requiring only a sample of metric scores (i.e., an empirical rank-score function) and an ordinary spreadsheet solver.	5
In contrast to the first three quinquennial periods when nearly all countries managed to increase the number of their publications in physics, the last five-year term is less favorable and some countries decreased or slowed down the growth of their output.	5
This section provides the frequency counts of both the compound and single subject terms used to describe IE literature.	0
The cited content referring to HBPLE was grouped into several concept categories.	3
In this study, we have corroborated that the relative imbalance of global health research to diseases most prevalent in poor countries can be mainly explained by the concentration of research in rich countries, where funding and incentives are likely to be driven by national rather than global needs [5].	5
Specifically, it examines and compares institutional anti-plagiarism policies adopted by a selection of mainland Chinese and Hong Kong universities to understand how plagiarism is addressed in these two particular contexts of higher education influenced by different academic traditions and what discourses on and approaches to plagiarism prevail in these universities.	1
7) shows that solutions ok and ol distinguish between the topics of 'inflation' and ‘dark energy', whereas all other solutions combine these two topics into one.	4
A visual analysis of the lexical fingerprints of the clusters (see Fig.	4
Taken together, the Cost of Knowledge petition is a noble initiative that fits into a broad movement to make research accessible and transparent.	5
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Furthermore, network analysis indicators were used to determine the central TAs within the underlying emerging technology network that is built by the interlinkages of TA that are involved in the development of bioplastics.	3
Consider that the impact of interdisciplinarity on the durability of citation diffusion may vary from discipline to discipline, we selected papers from particle physics and library and information science respectively as samples for study.	2
While open access publishing among cardiovascular journals has increased in scope over the last decade, the relationship between open access and article citation volume remains unclear.	1
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
Received: 14 July 2022 / Accepted: 12 April 2023 / Published online: 24 April 2023	0
In light of this scientific and R&D policy context, our main objective is to explore the realm of interdisciplinary scientific collaboration in Slovenia over the last 30 years.	1
Population statistics for Australia, the UK and NZ were obtained from the Australian Bureau of Statistics, Office of National Statistics and Statistics New Zealand, respectively.	2
Despite this heavy burden of disease, no concise studies have been published on the global research landscape so far.	1
Regarding research performance, we retrieved all the participants' publication records from Web of Science (WoS) until 12 February 2022, as presented in Table 2.	2
In final, 84,447 papers were obtained, of which 2502 were cover papers and 81,945 were non-cover papers.	2
This article is based upon a presentation given at the joint NCURA/SRA 1991 midwestern regional meeting, Minneapolis, Minnesota.	0
One common way of conducting bibliometric research is to use the Science Citation Index (SCI) database to trace citations.	0
This simple criterion seems to work well, in the sense that it generally gives results consistent with researchers' expectations [25].	0
This is a rather diverse group of countries scattered across continents.	0
The novel feature of the paper is to provide methods to judge the quality of the perceived publication output.	5
The aim of this paper is to contribute to scholarly debate on this subject.	1
In this study, the five peer-reviewed journals published by the ESA were evaluated to compare rates of submission and rates of acceptance between female and male authors.	1
The model of 'ifferenti dynamics could reflect the diffusion of knowledge in scientific collaboration network efectively with emphasis on the behavioral process, providing a basis for further revealing the knowledge diffusion mechanism.	5
The first included different forms of unethical behaviours including increasing research “waste", non-publication of negative results, authorship manipulation, data manipulation and repression of collaborators.	4
By controlling for shared content between cited and citing publications, we construct a proxy criterion to distinguish between manipulated and justified citations.	3
The simplified procedure could represent a viable evaluation method for the Postdoc.	5
The results show that JDC(S) is strongly associated with future bibliometric performance (beta = 0.77, 95% CI 0.61–0.94), with the strongest explanatory factors being social support from colleagues and managers.	4
Cuba and Chile are the countries that have the best health indicators, especially given the low infant mortality rate (under age 1) seen for Cuba.	4
While award winners tend to be cited more often than the average VLDB paper, there are also award winners whose citation numbers are below the average.	4
Following the bibliometric study, an online survey was developed (using SurveyMonkey) to solicit information from the Ghanaian-affiliated corresponding authors of co-authored articles.	2
Based on the indicator values in Table 1, we calculated Spearman's rank correlation coefficients.	3
Within these two general themes, sub-categories were developed using what Thomas (2006) refers to as ‘the general inductive approach’.	3
Received: 28.03.2010 / Revised: 23.09.2010 / Accepted: 21.12.2010 / Published online: 12.01.2012	0
Two bibliographic databases were used for the study: Web of Science (WoS, provided by Clarivate Analytics) and Scopus (provided by Elsevier).	2
Therefore, the aim of this study was to characterize group authorships in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (CDSR) throughout the database's existence.	1
Through these corrections, the errors occurring due to data source were minimized if not completely removed.	0
This study employs multi-source spatiotemporal data to develop a dynamic estimation method, evaluating the spatiotemporal dynamics of IUSS-ECE across 67 countries along the Belt and Road (B&R) from 1992 to 2020.	1
In comparison, at most 16.5 % of publications are published in the fourth quartile (low impact factor journals).	4
Since 2008, he has been a Senior Lecturer at the University of South Australia.	0
We did not code the law reviews for nontechnical law and economics because it would be very difficult to identify such work from a brief inspection of the article.	0
Clust&See [31], a Cytoscape plug-in, was used to identify clusters (Tfit algorithm: modularity criterion, multilevel transfer optimization), which could be related to different stages on KT evolution or invisible colleges.	3
The present study may help the management of CSIR-NISCAIR to take the necessary steps in order to reduce the time gap between receipt and subsequent publication of manuscripts.	5
This advanced research process returned 123 articles with dates of publication between 1968 (three articles) and December 2018 (13 articles).	2
***, **, and * denotes significance at the 1%, 5%, and 10% level, respectively	0
This study therefore aims to review and analyse OA research publication data trends within four broad disciplines at HKU—Health Science, Life Science, Physical Science and Social Science with the purpose to understand the perspectives and preferences of academic researchers around open access.	1
This study demonstrates that collaborative fellowships in both craniofacial surgery and craniofacial orthodontics are the strongest predictors of academic success for cleft and craniofacial centers in the United States.	5
As to the methodological problem we found that different databases lead to different results, showing that results based on the RPI must be interpreted with care.	4
This cross-sectional study considered all records of theses required for the professional title of dental surgeon from the Faculty of Dentistry at a private Peruvian university, as published in its institutional repository between 2017 and 2023.	2
527 articles were published by the Lecture Notes In Computer Science Including Subseries Lecture Notes In Artificial Intelligence And Lecture Notes In Bioinformatics.	4
Over 80% of the journals were published by professional publishers charge APCs.	4
The results also indicate, as could be expected, that national referencing patterns are more pronounced in social sciences and humanities than in natural sciences and engineering and biomedical sciences.	4
Therefore, we adopted three GCE metrics to quantify collaborative cohesiveness of research departments: internal density (ID), weighted conductance (WC) and weighted Flake degree fraction (WFDF) (Leskovec et al.	3
There were 3,512,109 downloads in Latin America, about 12.54% of the worldwide number.	4
A random 10 papers were selected as a reference paper for study under this research from the ACL anthology network (AAN) release 13 [24].	2
Besides, we also addressed a regression analysis where the independent variable was the research output of faculty members during the considered biennium and the independent variables were the followings: academic rank (continuous), age (continuous), gender (dummy with Female = 1 and Male = 0), research activity (continuous), collaboration (continuous), workload (dummy with No = 0 and Yes = 1), other occupation (continuous), reward and funding (continuous), research equipment (continuous), postgraduate training (continuous), postdoc (dummy with No = 0 and Yes = 1), COVID-19 (dummy with No = 0 and Yes = 1) and Lebanese economic crisis (dummy with No = 0 and Yes = 1).	3
The resulting citation statistics comprehend N=238 nations, D=27 scientific domains and d=307 scientific sub-domains (each belonging to one domain).	2
67) in the three dimensions of subject field in which the journal publishes, size of the journal in terms of numbers of publications, and models of acquiring resources (voluntary work, funds acquired by projects, institutions, learned societies or publishers).	2
In fact, it is only a special case of the standard formula for calculating the conditional probability of event B, given the event A:	0
Section 4 presents descriptive on research areas and statistics on gendered collaborations, and finally, Section 5 presents the results of the regression model.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0001-253X.htm	0
We, therefore, compared the value of the author order in France and Japan in accordance with questionnaire surveys in our previous research.	1
Our data set consists of all publications (articles and reviews) written in English till the end of 2010 included in the database of the Thomson Reuters (TR) Web of Science.	2
After excluding completely unrelated articles, the top-cited articles were collected and evaluated from special characteristics.	2
For this purpose, we identify the following research questions:	1
The Brazilian Lattes Platform is an important academic/ résumé data set that registers all academic activities of researchers associated with different major knowledge areas.	2
The mean time from electronic publication to retraction was 19.4 ± 23.3 months.	4
This article, which builds on an analysis of available primary and secondary sources in English and Chinese, is structured as follows: the next section highlights some aspects in the study of the Chinese case and in the general literature on university rankings that motivate and inform the approach of this study.	2
Two weeks later, a follow-up email was sent out to improve the response rate.	0
Factors associated with scientific publications were resident's desire for the career in academic medicine and the prospective study design of the project.	5
For the generation of the co-authorship network and the calculation of the intermediation of the researchers, we used the Pajek program, and the determination and representation of the thematic research clusters were carried out with VOSViewer.	3
The top h-index for Iranian epidemiologists was 17.	4
I will first examine the distribution of grant funds among the three directorates, then see how they affect BIC activities.	0
While some of the countries are front-runners when it comes to RI and RE, with well-established and continually developing policies and structures, others are just starting their journey in RI and RE.	4
As summarized in the Table 1, for the period 2005 to 2006, 11 (14.47 percent) periodical articles were published, followed by 10 (13.16 percent) in 2002 to 2003 and 2008 to 2009, 9 (11.84 percent) in 2007 to 2008, 8 (10.53 per cent) in 2009 to 2010, 7 (9.21 per cent) in 2004 to 2005 and 2006 to 2007, 6 (7.89 per cent) in 2000 to 2001, 5 (6.58 per cent) in 2001 to 2002 and 3 (3.95 per cent) in 2003 to 2004.	4
The results of the main path analysis, the burst detection algorithm, Authors’ keywords co-occurrence network analysis, and of the VOS clustering and mapping have yielded some insights into the main issues, evolutionary key trends and implications for research and practice in the field of application.	5
Medicine forms the biggest cluster, followed by Biology, Chemistry, and Physics.	4
WM and CES were found to be the journals where more specialised vocabulary is used, especially in WM.	4
They rather favor a combination of grant lottery and peer review processes, assuming that only under these conditions could randomly allocated funding be an integral and legitimate part of science.	4
The subjects of highly cited journal articles in the four studied journals during the study period for LIS were examined on the basis of the descriptor field of each record in the Library and Information Science Abstracts (LISA) (2011).	3
The objective of this study was to evaluate Brazilian dental researchers' perceptions of research integrity and open science practices, as well as their perceptions of the way researchers are evaluated for promotion, hiring, and receiving grants.	1
Overall, ~ 66% of the papers that suffered editorial rejections were finally published in a journal of similar scope, impact, and academic quality (see Table 1 for amazing examples).	4
In response, this article introduces a variant of the MNCS, the geometric MNCS (gMNCS), and applies it to assess the effect of field, year and country on the extent to which the average citation impact of collaborative research articles varies with the number of authors.	3
Table 2 summarizes the measures that the experts collectively identified as being most relevant to the quality of universities.	4
In summary, the correlation coefficient was 0.124 (95% CI, 0.108–0.14) between AASs and citations, 0.26 (95% CI, 0.244–0.275) between AASs and RCRs, and 0.207 (95% CI, 0.192–0.223) between AASs and CNCIs.	4
Research on the SCOPUS database estimates that 80% of all articles it indexes are written entirely in English and that most Western countries now produce more articles in English than in their native languages, with the proportion of English to vernacular papers rising steadily (Van Weijen, 2012).	2
For instance, first authors of studies conducted in LICs were affiliated solely with LIC in 19%, and last and corresponding authors in 6% of studies.	4
The results showed that both the quality and quantity of papers published in management journals from ML, HK, and TW greatly improved from 2003 to 2012.	4
There are 45 authors who published 5 articles or more (a subcategory of the latter are the 11 authors who have 10 articles or more).	4
Nano language and distribution of article title terms according to power laws.	0
The research method can also be used to explore the characteristics of knowledge absorption of a discipline from other ones.	5
The target population for the study comprised research students of Nigerian universities.	2
More precisely, we claim that although metrics are widely seen as a core element of a broader and undesirable political agenda, their repeated use leads to their endorsement, shapes and standardizes individual strategies, and shifts the codes of academic identity to the point of eroding academics' sense of purpose and permeating their judgements about colleagues.	4
Several centrality measures were used to determine the frequency of direct immediate connections in the network data sets: degree, 2-local, and eigenvector values.	3
Data was extracted from the Thomson Reuters' citation indexes using the name of the country in an advanced search platform.	2
From the large variety of packages we decided to center our analysis on the six most cited packages: VASP, Castep, Quantum Espresso, Siesta, ADF and Turbomole.	2
Above is a general comparison of the research performance of the GCC countries vs.	0
By contrast, our study provides a scientometric overview of JCF between 1994 and 2018 for its special issue highlighting 25 years of JCF.	1
All the interviews were conducted in Chinese, transcribed by Jing Wang, and analysed with ATLAS.ti.	3
The mean originality score for plagiarism of others' work was .66 with a SD of 2.45, with the individual scores ranging from 0% to 36%, whereas the mean originality score of self-plagiarism for the 378 papers was 2.42 (SD = 4.26), with the individual scores ranging from 0% to 71%.	4
Below are two examples of impact claims from REF2021 classified under this category.	0
In contrast, the factor of overseas collaborations displayed a relatively small influence on scientific productivity with a coefficient of 0.052, which meant that for authors, an increment in international collaborators only led to a small growth of scientific output.	4
Here Hu,v is the expected time/step for random walk from u to reach v and πv is the stationary distribution weight of v under the following random walk condition:	0
We instead argue that it provides questionable results, because it fails to properly consider the meaning of indicators built for different purposes, as well as the psychological bias generated by the wrong interpretation of those indicators.	1
Indeed, taking them all together, the 175 'pioneer' areas are accounted for 65% of the 2006–2008 production (3304 articles).	4
Then, the subset we use consists of 37896 (2.51%) sequences of actors and 22025 (2.46%) sequences of actresses which is larger than the data used in the prediction model in [1].	2
Finally, experimental results on gene editing dataset discover three emerging research topics, which make clear that it is feasible to identify emerging research topics with our framework.	4
Later, cited WOD are examined by analyzing the frequently cited documents and their contents.	0
However we can reason that, given the stochastic nature of the variables in play, the SIMCA multivariate class-modeling approach would be a valid substitute to the deterministic approach precisely in those real contexts where bibliometric indicators will be affected by higher randomness, such as in cases where the publication window or citation window are restricted.	5
Based on the Big Data analysis platform provided by Elsevier's International Center for the Study of Research Elsevier (ICSR) Lab, DOI matched the article records in the Scopus Database to obtain the references, authors, institutions, citations, subject classifications, and other information for the Faculty Opinions recommended articles.	2
Indicators describing economic (gross domestic product), demographic (size of the population) and epidemiological (HIV prevalence) conditions as well as overall scientific activity (total research output) in a country were positively associated with HIV research productivity.	4
However, regional medical research output on diabetes mellitus remains unsatisfactory.	5
The first claim (scalable) is that humanities research is parochial and tends to be much less universal than sciences (inter alia Bate, 2011; Edgar and Pattison, 2006; Howard, 2011; Toulmin, 2011).	4
The databases used were Science Citation Index and Derwent Innovation Index, both belonging to Web of Science platform.	2
The relationship between the frequency of the verified suspicious papers and the prevalence of similarity check software was assessed.	1
Out of the 3813 LIS papers published in 2014, 2342 (61.4%) had been saved in Mendeley by at least one user by the beginning of March 2015 (Fig.	4
See Methods section and Fig 1 for explanations about timeframes for data collection.	0
To address this problem of reverse causality between research visits and promotion, we use matching techniques to match each academic to a peer who has not participated in a research visit based on pre-visit observable characteristics.	3
(2016) to measure technology diversity in research objects.	3
From their insights, it was concluded that online examination is more advantageous than conventional paper-based exams.	4
The clusters and network obtained for the modified matrix display improved results as compared to the conventional DCA.	5
Specialties can also be separated into three sub-disciplines similar to the results obtained in Fig.	4
This relatively low value emphasizes the fact that the two-year impact factor of a journal could lead to a distorted evaluation of journal quality, impact and influence relative to the harmonic mean of the ranks of RAMs that included the impact factor, mean citations and non-citations, number of high quality papers, journal influence and article influence.	5
The need for innovation and creativity is a constant in management science (Bogers et al., 2018).	0
To summarize, in this paper we have analyzed a large citation network from the Microsoft Academic Graph to show that the rankings of papers by well-known indicators are extremely biased by age and field.	5
The three hypotheses will be tested in a two-stage analysis.	3
A changing trend is observed in literature, and new dimensions are going to explore based on scientometrics analysis.	0
Here, we exemplified this with two different database logics— Enlightenment and NPM—that underpin national databases for research output in Europe.	5
The source for full time equivalent (FTE) researchers is (OECD 2017).	2
Seeing that no similar research has been conducted to date in orthodontics, this study aimed to describe the prevalence of predatory publishing and the characteristics of e-mail invitations for manuscript submission, review and editorial board membership sent to a single orthodontist within 12 months.	1
3b, are clearly higher than those of papers published in other disciplinary journals and multi-disciplinary journals.	4
These alternative classifications are equivalent substantially for submissions in economics and econometrics.	0
We have focused on publications, indexed by Scopus, released up to December 31st 2020, whose assigned subject areas include 'Computer Science' and/or 'Mathematics'.	2
Of the articles retracted after August 2010, 63% (n = 567) retractions were reported on Retraction Watch.	4
Data tables, SQL queries, and R scripts are available via DataVerse: https://doi.org/10.5683/SP2/ZDC1RA	0
Figure 4 displays a large growth of predatory journals as compiled by Beall since early 2012 onwards, with an increasing rate as high as over 61.60%.	2
Although often criticized, the IF remains the standard measure to compare scientific journals.	5
Of all 27,819,965 pirated article downloads, 105,075 (0.4%) were from 49 radiology journals with high impact factor.	4
There was a 8.8-fold increase in publication volume when the first decade (n=375) was compared to the last decade (n = 3326).	4
We have around 47 thousand papers in our sample, where about 20% of which were made available since January 2020.	2
citation impact) are proportions (see above), we computed fractional logistic regression models using STATA 16.0.	3
combined several geophysical data sets to model the viscosity of the mantle.	3
These empirical results demonstrate universal emergent patterns in the formation and growth of research institutions and collaborations.	5
The next section provides a background review, highlighting literature on the concept of path dependence and discussing what available bibliometric and other research says about the Russian science system and the development of nanotechnology.	0
Therefore, it can be concluded that journal rating is a more important factor than the other factors in the JEI index.	5
Consequently, the answer to the research question: 'What happens at the aggregated national output and impact levels when institutional funding is linked to differentiated publication counts?' is—for the Norwegian case: (1) publication activity goes up, (2) impact remains stable, and (3) there is no indication of a shift of journal publication activities towards the lowest-impact journals in the WoS.	5
Following Squazzoni and Gandelli (2012, 2013) and Bianchi and Squazzoni (2016), we assumed that reviews were always error-prone, which means that the actual quality of a manuscript could be only approximately recognised by a reviewer.	3
The input and output indicators used in the literature are presented in Table 1.	0
It is useful to overcome the time delay problem of traditional publication counts based methods.	5
Overall our results are consistent with a substantial relevance of non-codified knowledge and role model learning in public research.	5
In the end, we cannot conclude that there are any systematic differences in citation counts between male and female authors.	4
As a consequence, the self-citations are integrated at the field level and no longer disturb the analysis as outliers.	4
This study presents a new model for ranking journals, named the MLMRJR model, which is based on the mutual reinforcement among the multiple links of a network, which were combined with the PageRank and HITS algorithm.	5
The reports of the participants suggested a tendency toward increased E&C among sub-projects compared to the beginning phase.	4
Given that scientists are a key source of ideas that drive economic growth (Stephan 1996), it is important to know how costly it is to incentivize changes in the direction of their work-the elasticity of science.	1
The authors' assumption is that smaller pharmaceutical companies have less access to (usually expensive) journal subscriptions.	1
There were 49,544 individual nanotechnology patents obtained after optimisation for the period of 1970–2012.	2
Citations to previous literature are extensively used to measure the quality and diffusion of knowledge.	1
The mean composite productivity value as calculated for the pooled sample of the two differently performing institutes confirmed that the HPI scientists (x=3.15, s=1.64) were much more (53.64%) productive than the LPI scientists (x=1.46, s=1.64) and the productivity difference was statistically significant [t (198) =9.37, P<0.01] (Table 4).	4
IJMHS has received an impact factor of 1.06 from Thomson Reuters, and the SCImago Journal Ranking shows IJMHS to be well positioned in the four categories in which it is listed, including in comparisons with well-established BMC journals that have similar scientific interests.	4
In this article, our goal is to analytically engage with national bibliographic databases for research output that are increasingly becoming key tools in research evaluation and science governance in general.	1
Spearman rank correlation is applied for each country pair and compared across time.	3
As a result, we have 426 (co)authors from the GS.	2
The Shapley value Shapley (1953) is a well-known solution concept in the context of coalitional game theory, and evaluations based on this notion are known to enjoy the desirable properties outlined above.	3
This high FDR is carried over to the FDR that exists for research on predatory publications making published findings on predatory research even more questionable.	5
The indicator data reveals that the majority of the national ranking indicators (166 of 190 indicators) were employed only by the national ranking systems.	4
We employ the disruption score to quantify the disruption level of each paper in our datasets.	3
It is shown that a few of them are somewhat related to the probability of a paper being retracted or not.	5
Received July 16, 2012; revised October 6, 2012; accepted October 8, 2012	0
A local SQL database constructed based on Web of Science XML (Science Citation Index Expanded) of Thomson Reuters was used in this stage.	2
"This nearby-panellist effect cannot be explained away by pointing at the performance of the applicants," says Van den Besselaar.	5
All manuscripts received are being placed in a reading room for graduate students and faculty of an educational research program.	0
The author is at Department of Computer-Aided Planning and Architecture, Vienna University of Technology, Floragasse 7/272, A-1040 Vienna, Austria.	0
The largest increase in publications for categories A and B and the top 1% and 10% was in "Sports Sciences".	4
We show that the subfields of marine biodiversity (i.e., clusters) are not stable over time, that its clusters either gain or lose popularity in different regions with different rates.	5
Рассмотренная выше модель является крайне упрощенным вариантом реализации общей концепции библиометрического равновесия.	5
We obtained a listing from the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education (ACGME) of all U.S. neurosurgical residency programs (https://apps.acgme.org/ads/Public/Reports/Report/1).	2
We analyzed the full text of the 100 articles with the top AASs and extracted detailed information about title, year of publication, AAS, corresponding author, journal name, and journal impact factor (based on the 2017 science edition).	2
The People’s Republic of China, with an SP growth rate in E&F of 6.7 times, sidelined the United States and came out in first place in 2017.	4
This study aims to understand (a) the perception of the scientific community in carrying out research in Nepal, (b) examine publication patterns by the level of satisfaction, and (c) assess underlying factors (e.g., research experience, age, funding, publication history, position, and satisfaction level) for differentiated responses about research environment in Nepal.	1
As the volume of scientific literature expands rapidly, accurately gauging and predicting the citation impact of academic papers has become increasingly imperative.	1
The results of Pearson's Chi-squared test indicate a highly significant association between the variables in the dataset (x2 = 1146.3, df = 16,p – value < 0.001).	4
Initially, 786,903 articles were identified, which were published between 1900 and 2014 (date of search: 25 November 2015).	2
Note that μ* > μ and that μ* increases in μ and a.	0
The total allocation attributed to a paper is greater than or equal to 1: the new rule A(s) is not neutral but is favorable to the team with respect to each paper because Σn i=1 A?	4
In this paper, VOSviewer and CiteSpace are used to demonstrate the characteristics of the journal.	3
Keywords: bias; evaluation; journal review system; manuscript review; peer review; publication practices; ratings; refereeing; reliability; science management	0
paper, author, and field of research are effective for reciprocal link prediction.	5
The University of Chicago Press, The University of Chicago, The University of Chicago Law School are collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to The Journal of Legal Studies.	0
One could easily be overwhelmed by the massive volume of publications.	0
An understanding of these roles is useful for researchers, editors and institutions alike.	0
Herein, we explore the robustness of BBD literature and compare these measures with PlumX altmetrics.	1
Based on the simulation study, it can be seen that the use of summary data and RoA's to approximate averages of individual ratios, is quite reliable even in small samples, for the number of publications and citations generated according to the laws governing the distribution of publications and citations.	5
We obtained the information science journal list from the Social Sciences Edition of the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) of 2014.	2
Bibliometric is defined as applying quantitative and statistical analysis to citations and other kinds of bibliographic information.	0
We investigate the structure of inventors' networks—particularly those of female inventors—over time using social network analysis and address the gender patterns of collaboration.	3
The top five most frequently discussed topics included Interoperability (13.21%), Clinical decision support (10.38%), Information extraction (9.36%), Eligibility criteria (8.68%), and Protocol (8.08%).	4
Verhoef is Professor of Marketing, Department of Mar- keting, Faculty of Economics, University of Groningen, the Netherlands (e-mail: p.c.verhoef@rug.nl).	0
Bibliometric indicators, including citations, library holdings, and book reviews, mainly reflect the academic impact of books, while altmetric indicators, including Amazon sales and Goodreads ratings, mainly reflect the social impact of those books.	4
Because our project focused on ScholarCheck's lost citations, we checked two aspects of any citing references listed by Westlaw or Google Scholar but not by Scholar- Check: (1) availability in HeinOnline and (2) veracity of the reference.	3
The study's findings help to identify researchers' priorities for different metadata elements, as well as to construct profile metadata templates for each specific participation level.	5
Data source: CSTPC database of the Institute of Scientific and Technical Information of China (2006).	0
1 Manchester Institute of Innovation Research, Alliance Manchester Business School, University of Manchester, Manchester M13 9PL, UK	0
9, for the network embedding method: the Node2Vec method has the worst performance on the two data sets, which also shows that the method of sampling sequences from the network based on random walk cannot effectively extract the structure of the network.	4
Table 2 OLS regression gauging researchers’ self-reported percentage of publications in English	0
The Scopus citations data base3 was queried to extract self-citation data for each of the top 20 AJNR authors as well as the h-index of each of the top 20 AJNR authors and AJNR authors 21–40.	2
The publication analysis showed that there was a 16% increase in the proportion of cross-disciplinary collaborations from pre- to post-award years.	4
The bar labelled as “Others” includes all remaining journals that had less than 10 publications each	0
There was no correlation between a journal's impact factor and the mean number of months to retraction (p = 0.564).	4
This analysis sheds light on the publication origins of those materials, as well as the degree to which English-language resources are referenced in the literature of the discipline.	1
Although rankings of this kind have been increasingly welcomed in recent years, they have also encountered many challenges.	5
A corresponding author other than first or senior author was noted in 13.3% (range 0.0%-34.7%).	4
This allows one to extend and adapt the typical paradigms and methodology of the LHS also to SSH and vice versa.	5
The use of game theory to attack the problem of the measurement of the social impact of a scholarly manuscript in a citation network provides a rigorous mathematical treatment for the network approach to citation analysis.	5
In short, enterprises are active in patents activity whereas universities and research institutes are significant in papers publishing.	5
This set initially included 506 articles published in KMRP between the year 2003 – when the first issue was published – and up to 2015.	2
In WoS, a Cited Reference Search was performed with the following search query: title of the hijacked journal in the search field "Cited Work"; volumes one to seven in the search field "Cited Volume"; and 2013 to 2019 in the search field "Cited Year(s)".	2
Section 2.3 discusses trends in the average number of PI/co-PIs and their relationship to the funding of awards.	0
based on countries' efforts, the USA, ranked first in terms of article numbers (191), publication frequency (24.6(%) and total citations (5962).	4
Finally, under the fourth step, the teaching factor increased the percentage of variance explained by 33% (F8,161=13.46, p<0.001).	4
The remaining 55 journals—those with data for eight or more metrics—were used in the factor analysis.	2
We conducted 27 semi-structured interviews with nanotechnology researchers and 15 with social sciences researchers.	2
Further, National States by large delegated to independent funding agencies the management of national participations: delegation allowed to achieve greater homogeneity among national participants, but also to decouple decisions to participate (driven by compliance to institutional pressures) from the level of resources to be committed (driven by national interests).	4
Finally, author keywords were extracted from the review pool using the open-source bibliography reference software JabRef.	3
In this study, we combine our two approaches: we use bibliographic coupling among CPC-4 classes at the level of patents as individual documents.	3
Once the experiment is completed, it is infrequent that the results are immediately used.	4
The correlation between citations and readers was also higher for longer time periods, stabilizing after about 5 years.	4
In this study, we develop and validate a novel approach to forecasting growth in highly specific research communities.	1
* Institute of Marine Biology, Far East Branch, Russian Academy of Sciences, Vladivostok 690041 (Russia)	0
One was socialized to academia under the communist regime (1945– 1989) and the other entered the profession in the post-1989 transition period.	1
We now define our terminology more formally, and describe the operation of the various services of the system in more details.	0
The findings confirm that articles published in the topics growing after the time point of the publication received more citations in general in all of the eight disciplines examined.	4
The authors/paper has achieved the highest effectiveness of 67% for awardees.	4
We used the Fontes' approach to perform a study on this collaboration with Spanish researchers abroad.	3
Results showed that Google Scholar and Microsoft Academic have nearly the same number of average citations, with GS only slightly higher, and each has twice as many as either Web of Science or Scopus.	4
These papers were retrieved from Web of Science for the period from 2016 to 2018.	2
The data on digital technology innovation was collected by aggregating the provincial-level information on digital patent applications.	2
This study makes a pivotal observation: the presence of higher-order loops within local collaboration networks is positively correlated with productivity in scientific careers.	5
Here, we intend to contribute to at least two points of the literature: the differences of research collaboration and interdisciplinary participation by gender.	1
It is a significant task to find out what mathematical model is appropriate for statistics in article page views.	1
This paper aims at better understanding the place of book reviews in the scholarly communication system and to shed light--through the analysis of books on Canada, United Kingdom and United States and their reviewers--on the international circulation of ideas in the social sciences and humanities.	1
Specifically, this study will assess the growth in publications, citation analysis, international collaboration, author productivity, emerging topics and the mapping of frequent terms in publications pertaining to social media in the field of psychology.	1
We monitor the online usage of the national colors of Yugoslavia—the three colors of the flag of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (blue, white, and red—see Fig.	3
Maps were created in VOSviewer software, version 1.6.19 (Eck and Waltman 2010), using fractionalization as a normalization method.	3
Grossmann, Carnegie Mellon University, and USA respectively appear as the most productive and influential author, institution, and country in CCE publications.	4
We thank the staff in the library and publishing teams at the Royal Society for their generous assistance and some PEERE members for comments and suggestions on a preliminary version of this paper.	0
Large scale analysis of the citation-structure of a discipline can help to ground such disputes by providing data-driven metaphors for disciplinary structure, which are presumably more reliable then the intuitions of individual scholars.	5
Library Hi Tech was the journal that published the most articles whose titles mentioned institutional repositories (14 articles [11.3 per cent]), followed by The Journal of Academic Librarianship (12 articles [9.7 per cent]), Serials Review (10 articles [8.1 per cent]), The Electronic Library (9 articles [7.3 per cent]) and Program: Electronic Library and Information Systems (8 articles [6.5 per cent]).	4
One of the best ways for the visual representation of the extent of collaboration is creating maps through social network analysis.	3
However, although the relative changes might be proportional, the absolute increases evidence a pattern of growing cumulative advantage that favor the highest-funded institutions and private institutions.	5
Our approach allows us to exclude researchers that are not scientifically active anymore, for example, due to a change in their scientific field or job.	5
The bibliometric analysis of the past publication performance reveals that self- or pre-selection amongst potential applicants concerning the number of publications and impact (FNCR) is effective.	4
As an alternative metric of journal impact factor (JIF), journal impact factor quartile is increasingly adopted to compare the research impact of journals within and across different domains.	1
The significant, positive linear component of the quadratic relationship between 2001 and 2010 inter-researcher topic similarity and 2011–2020 collaboration indicates an initial ascending trajectory (OR=1.52, CI95%=1.15–2.00, P<0.01).	4
We propose a g-DMR topic model to overcome the limitations of the DMR topic model, replacing αd,t as more general function.	3
This study aims to address this gap in the literature by clarifying librarians' research collaborator–seeking motivations, strategies used, and their relative successes and outcomes.	1
How do they approach something scientifically that is, in itself, not scientific?	1
Breast cancer research in the field of nursing has increased in the last decade, and the United States ranked first in terms of publications in this nursing field.	5
The Chinese Academy of Science, the Russian Academy of Science, the University of California and the Japanese S&T Agency were the organizations that contributed enormously to advances in scientific productivity in carbon-based nanomaterials.	4
Our focus on journal-level impact (rather than paper-level impact) refutes the OA Citation Advantage postulate.	3
Sensitivity analysis showed that news outlets, tweeters and scientific bloggers were the most important and influential Altmetric data resources.	4
H-Classics in implantology were identified within four time periods between 1977 and 2016, based on the h-index from the Scopus? database.	3
In contrast to interviews and focus groups, the field and year normalised citation impact of case study research has increased from being mostly below average in 1996 to about average overall in 2016, and above average in ten fields (Fig.	4
The overall objective of this study is to determine the publication standard of Iranian academic journals in relation to a set of features considered as crucial by the committees of academic journals at the Ministry of Science, Research and Technology (MRST) and Ministry of Health and Medical Education (MOHE) Iran.	1
This case study shows that these R&P agreements have significantly boosted OA uptake in the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand.	1
Data set II included 82 journals from the social sciences (consisting of 41 journals from sociology and 41 journals from educational sciences) and 87 journals from the humanities (consisting of 42 journals from philosophy and 45 journals from history).	2
On Scopus, the author's publication lists were generated via the author IDs.	3
I refer the reader to Egghe (2008a) and Egghe (2008b) for similar studies about the these indices under transformations related to the ones considered in the present article.	0
However, we hope to test the q-index on real authors in the next phase of our project.	0
Sepsis is a condition in which the body responds to infection with inflammation, which then spirals out of control.	1
2015) to better inform peer review assessments of research quality.	1
2 Escuela Superior Politécnica del Litoral, School of Engineering, Guayaquil, Ecuador	0
Moreover, this study explores machine learning models to predict the likelihood of a research article being classified into the top-quality tier of a journal ranking based on the altmetric mentions.	1
Although the method presented in this paper provided an easy way to compile some traditional scientific indicators using the Web of Science analytical feature, some drawbacks and limitations need to be highlighted and discussed.	5
The paper finishes with some conclusions that may serve, together with other diagnostic instruments that complement the methodology used (e.g.	0
Note: All R, values are statistically significant at beyond the .005 level.	0
Review articles accounted for 22% of the whole sample and 34% of the 50 most-cited papers.	4
The disciplinary classification of the journals used in this study is sourced from the U.S.	2
They were subsequently corrected by the authors as follows: b = 4, c = 3, d = 3, e = 23, f = (88%), g = 3, h = 3, i = (12%).	0
Reference to this paper should be made as follows: Lin, P., Zhang, T., Xia, M., Zhou, J.	0
It was published in Nature in 2017 and it described epidemiological characteristics of predatory journals and their reporting quality [14].	2
Using a 40-year (from 1975 to 2015) hiring dataset of 642 library and Information science (LIS) faculty members from 44 US universities, this research reveals the disciplinary characteristics of LIS through several key aspects including gender, rank, country, university, major, and research area.	1
The citation context retrieval module visualizes the topics of citation contexts as tag clouds and classifies citation contexts based on cue words in citation contexts.	3
There was no significant correlation between altmetric score and citations count (P>0.05).	4
PACS 05 is the field of “Statistical physics, thermodynamics and nonlinear dynamical systems” (Statistical physics for short).	4
We then conduct a further content analysis on the organizing constructs of respondent-assessed good and bad collaboration responses.	3
We suggest that our approach can be used as a benchmark to monitor the influence of these effects over time, minimising the influence of non-scientific features as a means to game the system of citation counts, and thus enhancing their usefulness as a measure of scientific quality.	5
Therefore, the outcome variable in this study was policy citations, whose values were harvested from Overton.	2
We also use data on funding from NIH's ExPORTER.	2
(2010), the most prolific institution, University of Technology Sydney, comes from Australia.	4
It seeks to investigate the beliefs of academic staff regarding the use of ICT and other factors to enhance the productivity of their scientific research.	1
The data used for bibliometric analysis were retrieved from a single scientific search engine, Scopus, developed by Elsevier.	2
The findings show substantial growth in published works and citations.	4
The RMS has so far tracked over 1,500 investigators with over 4,800 tasks.	4
To illustrate the application of the proposed method, we selected all the papers published in Mexico in the areas of Physics, Applied Physics/Condensed Matter/Materials Science and Optics in the period of 1990–1999.	2
The interdisciplinarity indicators used in this study include three separate diversity measures (variety, balance and disparity) and three typical composite indicators, namely RS (Rafols & Meyer, 2010; Stirling, 2007), LCDiv (Mugabushaka et al., 2016; Zhang et al., 2016), and DIV (Leydesdorff</PERSON>, 2018).	3
In order to introduce a quality criterion, we selected all the journals that have received an evaluation of 1 (first ranking) or 2 (second ranking) in the CNRS report in the business and management categories.	3
Having defined the multilayer citation network, we propose to rank its nodes according to their PageRank versatility, which is given by the steady-state solution of the equation.	3
The main objective of this study is to illustrate a link-based webometric approach to characterize the online mentions to scientific software across different analytical frameworks.	1
As regards the top 100, the q2-index performs the best in retrieving the awardees it retrieves 2.94% awardees.	4
The US had the strongest international collaboration network (with 1020 total link strength), followed by the UK (966), Italy (692), and Spain (503).	4
The Physical Review dataset is available upon request from the APS at http://journals.aps.org/datasets.	0
To identify and compute the research progress of a country in any subject, bibliometric indicators are essential tools to understand the growth and global extent of research.	3
The resultant p-value (.028) was smaller than 05, and the hypothesis was rejected.	4
Most of the theses have an acceptable scientific diffusion, as much for the quantity of articles that publish as for the journals where they are published.	5
Attractivity index (Attract): Based on the countries' Attract (Braun; Schubert, 1997), it is calculated to determine the visibility of companies through the following procedure:	3
A committee composed of experts of research fields along with the researchers of core team in MOHME, reviewed the provided research documents of each of Iranian HRNs.	3
This work is supported by the Social Science and Humanities Research Council of Canada (SSHRC) Insight Grant #435-2019-0019, 2019-2022.	0
All entities are connected and clustered with a dashboard laid on Google Maps (Kuo et al., 2020) instead of the static image produced by VOSviewere software (Wong, 2018).	3
Figure 2 shows that more than 70% of the Diamond OA journals are either assigned to the social sciences or the humanities.	4
The final population analysed was made up of 8,002 academics from 90 UK business and management schools.	2
Rankings of researchers and venues by MutualRank are also quite reasonable.	4
There might be collaboration between authors and cross-authorship, thus some articles may have been counted more than once.	0
A cross-sectional investigation was conducted among graduate students of the Faculty of Medicine at the Iuliu Ha?ieganu University of Medicine and Pharmacy in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.	2
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-015-1701-8) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
A total of 1023 papers published by researchers affiliated with 163 branches of the Islamic Azad University, followed by 85 papers from 23 branches of the Payame Noor University.	4
Pearson's correlation was used to analyze the correlation between numerical variables.	3
Finally, it is concluded that the three words associated with the energy term, i.e.	5
We select those gene-disease pairs that fulfill two requirements: (1) they have the largest number of related PubMed articles among which at least two are included PubMed Central (PMC, available at http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/), which provides the full texts of the articles; and (2) the PubMed articles are selected by GAD (Genetic Association Database, available at http://geneticassociationdb.nih.gov) or CTD (Comparative Toxicogenomics Database, available at http://ctdbase.org) for human.	2
The third finding of our review was that a vast number of PBs are not being referenced but are being cited.	5
This paper focuses on plagiarism detection in a professional legal genre: the lawsuit (Alcaraz Varó & Hughes, 2002; Cabré, 2003: 163-199; Ruiz-Garrido, Palmer-Silveira & Fortanet-Gómez, 2010; Nagy, 2014: 261-273).	1
This research contributes to the existing scientific literature on the collection of consumers’ personal data from social networks.	5
Results show a progressive need for more attention to precise planning of HRNs for achieving to goals.	4
To test the relationship between CTSAs and translational science, we apply a DID Poisson regression model to the longitudinal data (based on Equation (2)), which tests for a significant change in the difference between CTSA and non-CTSA institutions before and after receiving CTSAs.	3
However, CELAJs are generally facing challenges and difficulties, including a growing number of similar journals, difficulty in getting good-quality submissions, relatively low IFs, and a lack of capable editorial and management talents.	5
The USA accounts for 24.9% (35,763/143,138) of the publications, followed by UK (7878/143,138 (5.5%)), Japan (7133/143,138 (5.0%)), Germany (5942/143,138 (4.2%)), China (4143/143,138 (2.9%)) and France (2748/143,138 (1.9%)).	4
Qualitative findings indicated that scientific impact was strongly influenced by motivations of project leaders and their institutions.	5
From this viewpoint, and based on PI accounts, societally targeted funding can be seen as an enabler of aims to conduct societally oriented research projects.	5
Results show that: (1) the three kinds of collaboration networks (country, city and institution levels) all present dynamic structures, strong core-periphery characteristics, and their degree centrality distributions follows segmented Zifp-Pareto distribution; and (2) although it is known that there exist corresponding relationships among countries, cities and institutions in the geographical position, most of their associated categories, network locations and changing trends are all non-conformal.	4
In addition, the role of the supervisory institution is an important factor that influences the eigenvector centrality in the evolution of the education policy network.	5
This study aimed to analyze the characteristics of retractions of schizophrenia-related publications.	1
Statistical analysis utilised non-parametric tests given the non-Gaussian nature of the data.	3
For AJSM? the number of manuscripts steadily increased from 86 in 1986 to 350 in 2016; for Arthroscopy? the number of manuscripts increased from 73 in 1985/1986, to 267 in 2006, but then dropped to 229 in 2016.	4
This study concentrates on three fields that share a common interest in learning and instruction: educational psychology (EP), educational technology (ET), and learning sciences (LS).	1
As a visualization tool of network analysis, NetDraw (Steve Borgatti 2002) was used to analyze the correlation of international collaboration and inter-institutional collaboration.	3
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):?-?, 2015	0
The full corpus included 11,820 papers, covering the years 1950 to 2016.	2
In view of the above, the main questions that underpin this research are: How the scientific production on sustainable development and green economy has evolved since 1989 and to what extent is the energy field considered in these studies?	1
USA accounts for one thirds of the total and two thirds of the highly cited papers.	4
The search was also limited to the 2005-2014 period.	2
There were 4991 completed publications available after cleaning and processing.	2
With the narrow sample, we replicate Lowry et al. as closely as we can, whereas with the broader sample we employ a conceptual replication.	3
Only 10% of academic EPs had an annual increase ≥ 0.5 points per year.	4
The aim of this study was to evaluate the trends in the impact factor (IF) of radiological journals over a recent 12-year period, including associations between IF and journal topic.	1
Observing that the rule does not apply, we also measure the dispersion of the citation distribution by means of the Gini coefficient.	1
The possibility that experienced, informed, expert judgment may in practice contain subjective elements was originally developed in the work of Tversky and Kahneman (1974), who demonstrated the problem in diverse fields including clinical medicine, elite sports, and military recruitment.	3
Based on the applied model, it is expected that the total number of Iranian and Turkish parasitologists' paper in WoS to exponentially increase in the near future.	5
We compiled a list of 15 prominent WOP journals3 and collected contact information from the first author of every original research article in the four most recent issues at the time of data collection (November 2018).	2
To estimate model parameters and hidden variables defined in our models, we propose a generic BBVI-EM algorithm.	3
Entering the above search string (Tables 1 and 2) in the Scopus database resulted in documents being classified in to different categories of subjects.	3
This study explores the intellectual structure developed in the IS field between 2007 and 2016 by four top AIS conferences.	5
It is found that papers whose discipline is consistent with published journals have a statistically significant citation advantage, which can be explained by the principle of least effort and scholars' familiarity-based journal evaluation.	4
The CC-CHOC Operations Group created a descriptive survey instrument designed to capture information regarding CTSA-mentored CDA programs at each of the 53 CTSA sites existing in 2011.	2
Bibliometrics offers a normative and objective indication of the scientific impact of R4D organizations; however, caution must be exercised when comparing across disciplines.	5
For this, three different objective MCDM methods were used: (1) Criteria Importance Through Intercriteria Correlation (CRITIC), (2) Method Based on the Removal Effects of Criteria (MEREC), and (3) Entropy.	3
The key findings of the survey data suggest that participants envisaged an opportunity to collaborate in interdisciplinary research, within an environment that encouraged collegiality, creativity and promise.	4
Using publication records for Nobel laureates between 1900 and 2016, we calculate the DI of Nobel Prize-winning articles and benchmark articles from each year, use the median and mean DI to denote the central tendency in each year, and analyze the variation of the DI since publication.	2
It also determines which social media platform predicts more inter-country student exchange networks than the other and their statistical relationship.	1
The applicants placed in the first position by peers were those with the highest probability of being chosen first in 56%, 52% and 48% of the openings, respectively for Model 1, Model 2, and Model 3.	4
Our investigation shows that Hungarian university libraries offer a broad range of research support services to the academic community beyond traditional research support.	4
Specifically, it posits that center-affiliated authors' articles are more likely to be cited within a year of publication than a comparison group of articles written by authors not located in a given center.	1
In both cases, there are 20-25 unique competitions of either type available at any given time, although it is always the same group of open competitions, which are organized according to the NIH's Institutes.	0
The primary contribution of this study is introducing a new approach for journal ranking.	5
The resources and social reputation of the participating universities in the first round of Jiangsu high-level university construction have not reached the excellent level.	5
In this article, we study an author's citation curve and we define two new areas related to this curve.	1
The Mathematics Subject Classification (MSC) is a universally accepted classification schema in mathematics jointly produced and maintained by MathSciNet and zbMATH.	3
respondents do not consider as highly significant the economic benefits obtained through their participation in the trials.	4
How has the Danish research funding system developed in the period from 1968 to 2011 with regard to overall volume, the balance between floor funding and external funding, the composition of the external funding, and the division of funding between universities and other public research institutions?	1
The frequencies of topic tuple occurrences in the publication sequence of a scientist follow a power-law distribution (Fig.	4
We used two major sources of data: arXiv and WoS.	2
The networks were visualized and analyzed using Gephi (Bastian, Heymann, & Jacomy, 2009); interactive versions of the networks were created with the sigma.js plugin (Hale, 2012) and shared with participants.	3
We evaluate the proposed model in two datasets from distinct areas.	2
In-depth Interviews with Chinese Biomedical Researchers in Europe	1
non-oncology-related grants based on the project title were categorized for sub-analysis.	3
The annual number of publications showed a noticeable sharp increase after 2004.	4
This is certainly not caused by the “narrowness” of the field, as we also show that there is a clear distribution of publications over many (sub)fields so that chemical engineering can be characterized as a broad, interdisciplinary research field.	0
The annual number of documents published in the past three decades (1982–2012) indicated that research productivity demonstrated a noticeable rise during the last decade.	4
We used directed content analysis to code using a priori codes from the literature on team science (Hsieh & Shannon, 2005).	3
The present study presents the results of a descriptive analysis based on clusters of eighty-five Latin American universities located in the first fifty positions of ARWU, SIR Scimago, QS and Webometrics rankings, according to their most recent editions published during the year 2019, highlighting the universities located in Brazil, Chile, Mexico, Argentina and Colombia, countries that host 90% of the best positioned universities in Latin America.	1
A set of tables presumably drafted by Buchta to record the editorial path of the submitted manuscripts from 1932 to 1937 shows that during these years little more than half of the submitted manuscripts were sent out for refereeing.	2
The authors accessed the NIH Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools (NIH REPORTER) database (http://projectreporter.nih.gov/reporter.cfm) and collected all data in September 2013.	2
This article proposes a study that placed Brazilian scientific production at the core of the debate, and Brazil as a member of BRICS framework emphasises its importance.	1
After this filtering process, the sample consisted of a total of 126 URLs.	0
The "publish or perish" mantra reflects the fierce compe- tition in scholarly communication.	0
The research results provide support for the structural model which is also interpreted in terms of dynamic networking being valid concept in relation to further development of SciTS.	5
Therefore, the contribution of this paper is to explore the spatial characteristics of the fight against COVID-19 in China at the province, city, and applicant levels based on COVID-19 patent cooperation data, which will enable identification of problems from a new perspective and help to clarify the current technology accumulation in this field in China and propose optimization strategies for the COVID-19 patent cooperation network.	1
If the random variable underlying the distribution studied is multiplied by a constant factor, λ, obviously, the mean value will be x' = λ.χ, and, using Gl?nzel's formula, a transformation factor, κ = λ2/3, can be used for estimating the h-index of the transformed distribution: h' = [κ.h],	3
For universities, there is a loss in licensing revenue and in overhead payments as foundations can usually negotiate for lower rates (Ledford 2011).	5
For this research both types of keywords were used.	2
Based on the co-occurrence principle (Callon et al., 1983), a disciplinary network was established for each river basin: two disciplines were connected when they were linked to the same publication.	3
Thus, only Facebook has a negative correlation with the journal rankings.	5
All queries were performed by using all database options without limitations such as working time or language, and the search was completed in April 2018.	2
The evolvement of Czech scientific research, discipline strength, preferred journals, contributing institutions and countries, research focuses of Czech scientists, and the most productive Czech researchers over the past twenty years was revealed.	1
A noticeable feature here is the lack of dependency between indegree prestige and degree centrality (τ = .008, nonsignificant) and between prestige and closeness (τ = .037, nonsignificant).	4
We argue that in prior network analyses of coauthorship networks, the information on ordering has been insufficiently considered because ties between authors are typically symmetrized.	1
In the first study, we compile a dataset of seventy-five academic sources that comprise the LAS literature published to date.	2
Interestingly, the number of meta-analyses published by China ranked the first (189 meta-analyses).	4
This research objective is motivated in part by previous findings about authorship-based variations in the adoption of image-repairing strategies (Xu & Hu, 2021) and linguistic assignment of agency/responsibility for retraction (Hu & Xu, 2020).	0
(Papers in Science are free with registration after 12 months, and authors can post copies sooner.)	0
Edited by Yu Xie, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ; received March 30, 2023; accepted July 17, 2023	0
Interviews were conducted with DPG recipients, to develop an “affordance analysis” identifying how features of the instrument enabled certain researcher actions and opportunities.	2
The first track of analysis applied a deductive approach, coding for activities, products and roles mentioned (both directly and indirectly) and related to the ReAct taxonomy, i.e.	3
In addition, our new dynamic indices allow comparison of authors with the same or similar static indices, where active researchers are ranked higher.	5
Using the same procedure as in the case of Mathematics, we have also considered the JCR list of Applied Physics.	2
For knowledge workers, we define productive breadth as knowledge generation or application that bridges or pertains to multiple knowledge domains; the greater the number or variety of domains, the greater the breadth.	1
The evidence shows that international research impact calculations using Mendeley data may be slightly more stable for recent years than are calculations based upon citation counts, although the difference is not large (Fig.	5
More specifically, we intend to assess the annual Brazilian scientific production by comparing it to the other countries’, analyze the Brazilian and other countries’ publications in journals with higher impact factors, as well as to highlight the scientific production from these countries and its international visibility, measured by its total and by its average of citations and normalized citation index per year, by comparing the countries, and to compare the index h of such countries.	1
(2) Among the characteristics of the paper, the author, and the institution, which factors show an effect on the clinical translation intensity of basic medical research papers published by Lasker Prize winners for Basic Medicine?	1
Our initial sample has 17,835 applications (teams) over 12 years (1996–2007) that include at least one researcher with full information (for 15,305 projects we have all the information about the PI).	2
The majority of Chinese-authored articles in international journals are in STM areas, with national journals capturing the majority of social science articles.	4
Following this, TOPSIS method is used to conduct a comprehensive IRO evaluation.	3
Second, a total of 6680 publications with the document type of “article” were acquired from the basic sample of 7631 papers, since the present study focused on the originality of literature.	2
Overall, RO physician were very productive and influential with a mean RCR of 1.57 ± 1.53 SD and median RCR (interquartile range) of 1.32 (0.87-1.94).	4
The Black-Scholes model and the peer-review process are combined to offer more insight into the apparent value of research projects.	1
The objective of this study was to determine the social impact of research by studying the productive interactions between science and society [12].	1
By communicating science through preprints, we are sharing research at a faster rate and with greater transparency than allowed by the current journal infrastructure.	5
As shown schematically in Figure 6A, our first attempt used a dual frame window.	0
The aim of this study is to analyze the worldwide scientific production in the area of alcohol-drinking and alcohol-related problems from 2005 to 2009.	1
Although early Al researchers exhibited strong referencing behaviour towards philosophy, geography and art, modern Al research references mathematics and computer science most strongly.	4
By analyzing over 7.7 million teams from Science (e.g., Computer Science, Physics), Social Sciences (e.g., Sociology, Library & Information Science), and Arts & Humanities (e.g., Art), we find that flat team structure is associated with higher team impact, especially when teams have high team power level.	2
We conducted all calculations using Excel with formulas for sums, averages, delta scores, inclusive percentiles, minimum and maximum values, Pearson's coefficients for normal distribution fit (kurtosis and skewness), cumulative totals, Chi square, the maximum absolute difference of observed and expected cumulative frequencies (Kolmogorov–Smirnov's Dmax), and relative proportions.	3
The average score per Weighted Paper in 2006–11 has declined by 17% from that of the base period (1994–9).	4
United States of America, LVPEI, Mandal AK, and “Investigative Ophthalmology" were the top rankers as far as the productivity and publications related to PG are concerned.	5
The study looks from a bibliometric perspective on how international collaboration affects Estonian science.	1
I argued that bibliometrics and philosophy of science indeed can inform each other, provided both parties are willing to adjust their concepts and claims.	5
Central Research Institute for Chemistry, Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest, Hungary	0
The average time lag from either discovery or exogenous events to topic emergence was about 2.3 years using our system.	4
The study defined highly cited papers using the threshold of the top 1% and top 5% and collected the data from the Web of Science?.	2
When broken down by subspecialty trauma/critical care had the highest value at 35, followed by spine and peripheral nerve at 30, cerebrovascular at 28, tumor at 16, pediatrics at 14, miscellaneous at 11, and functional/stereotactic/pain at 6.	4
Second, we surveyed 230 journals in the fields of ecology and evolutionary biology to evaluate how existing author guidelines may inadvertently hinder article discoverability.	1
Figure 1 compares total citations and percentages for different types of publications.	0
In oncology, women appear to have reached close to parity with men except in the UK; in all countries their relative presence has increased from 2006–2007 to 2011–2012.	4
Overall, the median time to indexing with MeSH terms was 114 days (IQR, 98-141 days): 107 days (IQR, 94-129 days) for AJHP, 131 days (IQR, 104-157 days) for Annals of Pharmacotherapy, and 114 days (IQR, 99-128 days) for Pharmacotherapy.	4
We argue that rankings based on publications in high impact journals are merely reflecting the “promise” of academic impact, whereas only rankings based on citations in a wider range of academic outlets provide the actual “proof” for this.	5
Our committee comprised 12 individuals from across the world and SPA disciplines.	3
Compared to white students, mixed-ethnicity students had greater odds of having a publication (OR: 3.06, 95% CI: 1.67–5.59), an abstract presentation (OR: 2.12, 95% CI: 1.37–3.26), and on average had a greater number of publications (IRR: 1.87, 95% CI: 1.02-3.43).	4
For the young authors, the highest correlation was found between the Scopus h index and the hmen index, 0.869, significant at the 0.001 level, which is not only a stronger but also a more significant correlation than the one between Scopus and WoS h indices.	4
The Pearson's linear correlation coefficient between Eigenfactor and download weight is p = .485.	4
We identified the 50 most-cited orthopaedic articles from mainland China and evaluated these articles in terms of their language of publication, source journals, and topics.	1
The sample of 9,199 articles used in the comparison had been extracted from the statistical population of 99,005 scientific publications that were evaluated with the bibliometric techniques described in Section 3.1; the sample was stratified according to the scientific area of the author.	2
The Web of Science searches (covering the period from 2000 to 2013) were conducted on relevant subject categories: history, history & philosophy of science, information science & library science, philosophy, social sciences interdisciplinary, and sociology.	2
Specifically, we seek to answer the following research questions: 1.	1
The US networks strongly exhibit a matching strong-weak effect, whereas the India networks show a rather low frequency of weak, interdisciplinary couplings.	5
A description of both types of structural significance under consideration follows:	0
In this paper, we try to answer two questions about any given scientific discipline: first, how important is each subfield and second, how does a specific subfield influence other subfields?	1
Science scholars employ reflexive peer-to-peer interviews to examine values, norms, emotions, and rationales guiding researchers' practices (Fochler et al., 2016).	3
We propose that authors report to the journal that finally accepted their manuscript “where it was previously rejected”.	3
This study has presented the development of the Relative Technology Factor (TFR), a new metric of the technological impact of scholarly sources that aims to measure their contribution to technological progress through the analysis of citations to the scientific literature from patent applications.	1
Six bibliometric indicators were used to describe the bibliometric profile of institutions or countries: total articles, independent articles, collaborative articles, first-authored articles, corresponding-authored articles and single-authored articles.	3
Appendix B shows the most cited authors and the citation times.	0
Furthermore, the data is organized for the purpose of statistical analysis.	1
Participants were presented with five different research findings (for an overview of research findings used as stimuli, see Table 2).	2
Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than ACM must be honored.	0
From a governance perspective, this conceptualization provides distinct rationales for policy interven- tions in relation to interdisciplinarity in research, science and society.	5
Unpaywall, launched in 2017, is a free database and a tool that harvests open access content from various open indexes (e.g.	2
The derived single-number criterion PR is sensitive to the ratio of high impact versus average impact work, based on citation counts.	3
Linear regression analysis was performed to determine the association between research funding and the article citation rate, as adjusted for journal, continent of origin of the first author, subspecialty, study findings included in the article title, number of authors, immediate open access publication, and time since publication online.	3
The four strata were randomly sampled using a web-based randomizer <http://www.randomizer.org/> to produce a representative and proportionate sample of 25 CTSA center affiliated faculty members.	2
Appendix 3: A Sample Journal Profit and Loss Statement: Quarterly Humanities Journal Published by a University Press, 2003	0
Saudi Arabia and Qatar lead the region, as about half of their publications include acknowledgments to funding sources.	4
The Mann-Whitney test and Kruskal-Wallis test with pairwise comparisons were used for comparisons of two means and for three or more means, respectively.	3
Можно надеяться, что углубленное изучение библиометрических равновесий позволит перевести полемику о пользе библиометрических показателей в более конструктивное русло и выработать рекомендации по совершенствованию управления научными исследованиями.	5
For ease of reference I use the terms "muffin meeting" and "lab meeting" interchangeably.	0
Among the pediatric sub-specialties, growth and development articles were highly cited (n = 24), followed by pediatric psychiatry and behavior (n = 21), endocrinology (n = 15), and neonatology (n = 12).	4
Across genders, researchers in the Physical sciences have the most and in the Social sciences the least rate of mobility.	4
According to the self-citations defined previously, was defined a sample of chemists in Chile with H- index ≥ 20 which was arbitrary decided, for a total of 52 researchers which represent around the 10% of the researchers in chemistry.	2
For a validation study we used all journals from the 2001 list mentioned above that could unambiguously be assigned to one of the 21 science fields used in ESI (a total of 6,929 titles).	2
It is evident from Table VI that out of a total of 4,557 titles that do not charge their authors, only 14.35 per cent titles find their way in SciVerse Scopus while as 21.15 per cent (275) journals, charging APCs are indexed in SciVerse Scopus.	4
The RelRank, an improved PageRank algorithm embedding author relevance, is then proposed to rank authors for each venue.	3
Our paper shows that high-ability editors tend to send fewer papers to external review than they should as a way to signal their ability.	4
Personal network data were collected and semi-structured interviews were held with 32 academic staff members of the academic and research system in Catalonia, Spain.	2
UCINet (v6.28) was used to generate a symmetrical co-authorship matrix among countries (after changing all values to binary) where a record with three addresses in country A and two addresses in country B is counted as a single relation between these two countries.	3
We observe that the main characteristic of the SNI is the maintaining of the status quo considering that more than half of members remained in their appointment for a period of fiver years.	4
In this paper we are interested in the dynamics of collaboration networks in general and tie formation herein in particular.	1
According to Annual Reports and Financial Statements [28], the revenue of the RELX Group was 8385 million Euros in 2017, marking a growth of 4% over the previous year, while the adjusted operating profit scored 2604 million Euros, which is 31.1% of revenue.	2
The statistical relationships between networks were tested through Quadratic Assessment Procedure (QAP) correlation and QAP multiple regression (Borgatti et al., 2002).	3
The sampling of academics intentionally focused on the population of foreign academics employed at Japanese universities for an analysis of the more internationalized dimension of intra-sectoral mobility.	2
The current study takes a cross disciplinary approach, drawing from the marketing, applied psychology, human resources, and management literatures, to address how the work of marketing academics could be improved by examining two antecedents influencing publishing success, and the impact of publishing success on academics well-being.	1
To capture this behavior, we define an extremely low review score as one which is less than 0.5 of 10.	3
These four strategic actions are (1) to admit that there is a problem, (2) to acknowledge the legitimacy of other languages (and interpretations of the world) for producing scientific knowledge, (3) to admit other kinds of excellence and (4) to promote denationalization.	5
From Table 6, we can find that the country with the highest percentage of co-authored papers is Canada, approximately 68%.	4
Here, we find that, to the contrary, when comparing the average impact of papers (defined in equation (4.4)) published by the laureates in each of the 4 years before and after winning the Nobel Prize, the average impact per paper shows a significant drop in the 2 years following the Nobel Prize.	4
It contradicts the earlier results and the finding, so it's very early to consider Mendeley readership count as an absolute alternative to the citation count.	5
The key concept in doing this is “Community Modularity”.	3
Aim of this work is to explore authorship patterns in COVID-19 case reports.	1
To achieve so, we use Web of Science records on publications and citations provided by Clarivate Analytics.	2
For these journals the availability of data in Thomson Reuters Web of Knowledge was checked, as data was required from 1960 till 2004 in order to create three 15 year periods (1960–1974, 1975–1989, and 1990–2004) of which the first and third can be compared.	2
The survey questionnaire (supplemental appendix) contained 10 open- and closed-ended questions and was open from March 16 to March 31, 2015.	3
To find the best information on authoring activity by local faculty for subscribed journals, use Scopus.	5
In conclusion, we suggest extending this current research in two potential ways.	0
These practices should be continued in future academic years, independently of the existence of attendance restrictions.	5
We want to assess whether economics also saw less collaboration and which research topics based on Journal of Economic Literature (JEL) codes were of particular interest since the outbreak of Covid-19.	1
The first 100 most cited articles were included in the study.	2
The 5-year publication output (2003–2007) of two top-ranking German political science institutions, Department of Political Science at Mannheim University and Institute of Political Science at University of Muenster (CHE University Ranking 2010/11-Political science; Hix 2004), was chosen as research samples.	2
While the burdens from non-communicable diseases and injuries were 50.2 and 10.7%, respectively, only 31.9 and 7.5% of articles reported research for these conditions.	4
Figure 7: The Macro-level International Collaboration Network of Top 50 Hot Papers.	0
By comparing the review performance of Ra with Re in this study, my answer is yes, authors should be encouraged to suggest reviewers, but editors/publishers should not make acceptance decision merely based on recommendations by author-suggested reviewers.	5
This study specifically focuses on identifying key characteristics related to the process of collaboration within a community-university partnership on adolescents and young adults (that is, youth) in the public space.	1
Gini coefficients for the citation imbalance have increased from 0.65 to 0.70 in the period 2000–2015 (Fig.	4
To identification the core journals Bradford's law was used and according to Bradford's law of distribution the journals were computed.	3
For this analysis, we considered articles submitted to NDT between 1 January and 31 December 2012.	2
We removed 6769 papers (24.4%) because the information in the address field was missing.	2
In Table 2, we see that two factors lead the list of complaints: failure to meet work commitments and crediting disputes.	4
This may partly be due to the excessive pursuit of international journal papers in scientific research evaluation in recent years, which has led to many Chinese scholars only to pursue publishing English papers rather than Chinese papers.	5
For each university-SDS pair, two indicators are calculated: a proxy of research productivity, the Fractional Scientific Strength (FSS), representing relative competitive advantage, and the research field specialization index (SI), which is elucidated in the subsequent subsections.	3
Consultant general surgeons within the Wales Deanery with training responsibilities were identified.	2
The Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) is adopted as the empirical dataset of the current paper.	2
Thus, while we highlight the great importance of neoliberal conceptualisations of researchers as entrepreneurs, publications as products, and academia as a marketplace, for constructing the quantified academic self, we also provide an alternative narrative.	5
This article addresses the problem of finding relevant papers that researchers face every day while using scholarly search engines on a given topic [1].	1
He then returned to complete his residency at Massachusetts General Hospital.	0
The topics relating to these courses are given in Appendix III.	0
Instead of the total number of citations, which has been traditionally used as a measure of the impact of an article, the proposed measure Φ aims at discerning the genuine number of people the paper has had an impact upon.	5
Figure 7 shows that area-dependent Qualis (aphQ, teaQ and eduQ) are positively correlated within — as suggested in Fig.	4
New Zealand's academic research assessment scheme, the Performance-Based Research Fund (PBRF), was launched in 2002 with the stated objective of increasing average research quality in the nation's universities.	1
From the research results, it can be found that compared with h index and p index, z index achieves a better balance among the number, quality and citation distribution of scholars' results and effectively recognizes the outstanding scholars with high citation quality and balanced number of citations of each paper, which can avoid the phenomenon that researchers only pursue quantity and neglect the quality of the paper to a certain extent (Chen and Shen, 2019).	5
The results show that the performance contingency strongly reduces the number of respondents willing to become reviewers (– 60 % compared to a no-reward setting), particularly males and research productive scientists.	4
Index 1 is calculated as the number of categories including specific authors (first, second, relative middle, and last authors) divided by the number of categories in the article.	3
Comparison of average number of pages, average number of references, average number of authors per paper and percentage of single-authored papers between cited and uncited papers shows that no matter the journal, the first three indicators’ values for uncited papers are lower, while the values of the fourth indicator are higher, than the corresponding values for cited papers.	4
This study investigates in depth the issue of motivations and aims to provide an answer to the following research question: How influential are factors such as frequency of use, academic field, academic title, numbers of years of teaching, gender, and age in shaping the motivations of social media use in scholarly communication?	1
6 The remainder of this text, however, makes explicit reference only to universities.	0
The top journals included the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition (n = 44; 4.09%) and Diabetes Care (n = 35; 3.25%).	4
Note that this can also be proved by observing Table 2.	0
Data on the criteria used to measure research performance were obtained from the InCites Benchmarking and Analytics database (January 16, 2023).	2
We calculate the rank normalized impact factor (RNIF) for all journals and compare the mean RNIF and mean normalized impact factor (NIF) of OA and subscription journals at the level of major fields.	3
Using a third marker paper, we would like to present the possibility to start with a “bad” marker paper when no “good” marker paper is known.	2
Nonauthor collaborators were measured by asking “Please indicate the number of PhD-level researchers, students (graduate and undergraduate), and technicians who played a significant role in the implementation of the project but are not coauthors of the focal paper.”	3
The current study sought to map and visualise collaboration and impact of LIS research in the region, from 1995 to 2016.	1
The paper analyzed was published in 2002 and even we know Twitter was created in 2006 and Altmetric started tracking attention to research across various attention sources in October 2011 the first recorded tweet was in October 2013.	0
This does not alter the authors' adherence to all the PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
Python 4.0's gender-guesser package contains over 45,000 names with gender assignments of “unknown” (name not found), “andy” (androgynous), “male”, “female”, “mostly_male”, and “mostly_female”.	3
Citations per publication (CPP2016) is TC2016/number of publications (TP) (Ho & Ho, 2015).	3
The second ranking included in this analysis is the IAIF index of university quality, which assesses both the teaching and research dimensions of university quality.	2
More than a third (n=32, 45.1%) indicated they did not pay fees to publish.	4
We used Bayesian networks to train a prediction model based on a dataset of 70,694 publications from PLoS journals, which included 347,136 distinct authors and their associated contribution statements.	2
We conclude that COVID-19 case reports reflect the modern trend of authorship proliferation with two-page case reports being authored from >15 scientists.	5
We obtained academic articles and citation data from the Science Citation Index and the Social Science Citation Index collected by the Institute for Science Information.	2
The average number of authors per article increased from 1.1 in 1922 to 5.8 in 2017.	4
The findings demonstrated that the OA books and OA papers do not have similar impacts on the citation.	4
1 The intervals are of the form [a, b), where the lowest interval is equal to [0, 0.2).	0
Using empirical data, I demonstrate that the increase of the h-index with time after a given point of time (e.g.	1
The new system was launched due to criticism for penalizing collaborative research.	1
This autoethnographic study offers a nuanced and reflective exploration of the phenomenon of invitations to publish in unexpected academic fields.	5
626 researchers (287 graduate students, 298 faculty members, 41 post-doctoral members) completed the survey.	2
As Vuong tests indicated excess zeroes, in Model 8 we estimate a zero-inflated version of Model 7.	3
We found that: (1) the common neighbor index better characterizes the knowledge convergence pattern in the knowledge networks among four similarity indicators.	4
This article aims to bring fresh evidence on globalization of scientific communication.	1
Finally, we analyzed whether the nationality of the reviewer influences the reviewer recommendations for Chinese-authored manuscripts with a Kruskal-Wallis test using manuscripts reviewed by reviewers from China and two English speaking countries (USA and UK); we used the USA and the UK as these were the two countries with the largest number of papers.	3
We repeated the analysis with six-year time blocks instead of five-year blocks to assess robustness of results.	0
Progress to open access (OA) has stalled, with perhaps 20% of new papers 'born-free', and half of all versions of record pay-walled; why?	4
The values of SJR were multiplied by 100 for illustration purposes.	0
After the page jumped to the search results page, only the records whose types were “article” and “review” were retained, eventually leaving 3391 papers for use.	2
In conclusion, Physical Therapy citations and production are primarily focused on two large thematic areas, diseases that involve middle-aged population and muscle function and its alterations.	5
Based on the COI relationship, we further bring forward the COIRank algorithm, an innovative scheme for accurately assessing the impact of an article.	3
The integration of national research systems is one of the central objectives of European research policies.	1
There is no difference between the models in establishing the citation network.	4
The number of citations from the United States accounted for 33.31% of the total number of citations.	4
Microsoft Visual Studio and ASP.NET, and the server is the Microsoft Windows Server.	0
Researchers per million inhabitants: number of professionals dedicated to the conception or creation of new knowledge (who carry out research and improve or develop concepts, theories, models, instrumentation of techniques, software or operational methods) during a given year.	2
With this definition, let's make a brief grasp of the methods of measuring the degree of interdisciplinarity.	0
The current information environment facilitates the spread of research papers, but basic facts about these papers, such as their retraction status, do not spread as swiftly as the PDFs or citations to these papers themselves.	5
We were therefore able to use the Scopus database to generate a sample of corresponding author email addresses for articles published in 2021, stratified by discipline.	2
Es importante tener en cuenta que las razones de esta tendencia pueden variar entre países y requerirían una investigación más específica.	0
"A PERSON WHO HAS NOT MADE HIS GREAT CONTRIBUTION TO SCIENCE BEFORE THE AGE OF 30 WILL NEVER DO SO."	0
We propose three decay models, arithmetic decay, geometric decay, and harmonic decay, along with their theoretical properties.	1
An analysis of preprints in chemistry should start with a consideration of the economic relevance of the global scientific publishing industry.	3
Based on the number of citations received during those first 12 months, four of the seven key papers belong to the top 5 % most highly cited HIV/AIDS publications worldwide.	4
My main concern with Monogan's proposal is that it may encourage a sort of robotic data analysis.	4
The data were downloaded from Web of Science TM Core Collection in May 2014.	2
The aim of TJH is to publish original hematological research of the highest scientific quality and clinical relevance.	1
We conducted a cross-sectional questionnaire study during 2019–2020.	2
The objectives of this study were (1) to quantify adoption of social media for the dissemination of original research publications by 3 hand surgery journals, and (2) to determine the correlation between social media postings and academic citations in recent hand surgery research publications.	1
Statistical analyses were performed using SAS version 9.1.3 statistical software (SAS Institute Inc, Cary, North Carolina).	3
DISPEA (Department of Production Systems and Business Economics), Politecnico di Torino,	0
The field of oncology was chosen for our empirical study, in which the top 15% (36 items) of journals ranked by impact factor in the Journal Citation Reports 2019 were selected, and the full-text XML data of these journals during 2016–2020 were downloaded from PMC.	2
When taken together, Risklick AI presented an average recall of 99.25% compared to 86.61% for clinicaltrials.gov.	4
This study aims to evaluate the usefulness of the book review as a selection criterion for BKCIs by establishing whether sufficient data are available within web of science (WoS), describing the relationship between the different document types including books, book reviews and citations and determining whether differences in that relationship exist between research fields.	1
The fact that diversity of authorship also relates to article citations and therefore to research performance further emphasizes the need for more international diversity of authorship in advertising research.	5
One axis depicts five core institutional capabilities that we see as critical to support more sustainable assessment practices and principles: Standards for scholarship; Process mechanics and policies; Accountability; Culture within institutions; and Evaluative and iterative feedback.	3
The final list of PPJ included 637 titles.	2
Table 2 demonstrates median bibliometric indices of consultants holding academic titles, which were significantly higher than University Hospital and DGH non-academics.	4
At the international level more than the half of all of the publications involve international collaboration; so the international collaborations occurred with a high number of countries (150), and with 33 countries, there were more than 100 publications.	4
Our analysis shows that academic librarians who work at institutions with faculty status tend to publish more in influential journals than authors in other groups.	4
In order to understand how additivity is related to the measurement scales, we shall have to consider measurement theory.	0
All discipline dummies are relative to the Agriculture and Environment category.	0
In this article, we studied the emergence and utilization of university rankings in the PRC in relation to their wider societal, especially political environment.	3
In this paper, we investigate the research output, collaborations, and research impact of cluster hire faculty at eight research university campuses as part of a U.S. national study of cluster hiring.	1
In this study, publications on Picea species from 2002 to 2016 were identified via the Web of Science (WoS) and the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) databases, and subjected to relationship network visualization using CiteSpace software.	1
The experiments on two cyclic citation networks demonstrate the usefulness of the alternative solution.	4
ascertain how different actors perceive Spanish universities' open-science activities,	1
Regarding women's knowledge integration roles, we can infer that no substantial gender differences can be detected.	4
The results demonstrate that the SpatialLeaderRank outperforms baseline metrics in predicting the scholarly impact of institutions.	4
Acknowledgement is significantly ahead of co-authorship and arguably occurs before citing behavior.	5
Disruption index (DI) – The DI of each focal paper was calculated using Eq.	3
The Shanghai Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU, 2013) uses a composite multi-indicator.	3
Received 31 May 2023; Received in revised form 28 November 2023; Accepted 30 December 2023	0
Communicating and raising awareness across our campuses about these issues is the first step, and big deal cancellations may give us this opportunity.	5
The number of Q1 papers grew most quickly, from 19,745 in 2006 to 201,751 in 2018, representing an average growth rate of 21.4%.	4
For example, the average h-indices for Cardiology and Neurosurgery in this study were 40.5 and 2.2, respectively, superficially suggesting that cardiologists were far more academically productive than neurosurgeons.	4
The importance of the energy field is acknowledged by observing its association in the two green development models analyzed during 1989-2015.	5
The rapid increase in the number of OA journals between 2011 and 2021 has not translated to a proportionate increase in their share of total publications.	5
First, I address the social process where universities are commensurated by university rankings and distinguish between the stages of construction, implementation, and outcomes of rankings.	3
The citing characteristics of a discipline can either exaggerate or reduce scientific impact.	5
These findings show that the SM network does not fit the properties of the small world theory; however, it comes closer to the properties of a small world network.	4
Finally, I calculated a large number of US/European research performance ratios in the Nobel Prize citation ranges for a period of 26 years, 1982 to 2007, starting 10 years before the 20-year Nobel Prize period, 1992 to 2011, and ending in 2007, thus providing 4 years of citation for the last year studied.	3
This paper aims to monitor the status of scientific research in Japan, especially the diversity of scientific research, based on in-depth analyses of NISTEP’s science maps.	1
We use both negative binomial (NB) and Poisson distributions to capture this obsolescence.	3
The percentage of contributions from the United States of America (USA) fell from 78.9 to 54.1%, while other countries increased in relative terms.	4
Alan Asher is Art and Music Librarian, University of Northern Iowa, USA <alan.asher@uni.edu>.	0
This study further highlights the considerable improvement in the scientific research output and an increase in the quality of scientific papers in the KSA compared with most MENA countries.	5
This easy-to-use questionnaire demonstrated good internal consistency and acceptable content validity.	4
We used the education policy documents issued by the central government from 1978 to 2013 as our database.	2
The number of policy citations of each article was obtained from Overton, the largest database of policy citations.	2
It details a study finding that HeinOnline's ScholarCheck missed 14.6 percent of available citations.	1
In conclusion, the scientific impact of MS/ NMOSD in the SEA was considered low in quantity and quality.	5
In some countries (France, Netherlands and Switzerland) women are hurt more than men; in others (Germany and Spain) the opposite holds true, while in such countries as Italy, Sweden and U.K. gender differences are hardly noticeable.	4
Reference quantity and timeliness are calculated by reference number and time span between the citing paper and cited paper.	3
Measuring the size of publications allows to compare the weight ratio between monographs and journal articles in the publication indicator to their size ratio in the VABB-SHW database.	3
Then, we develop model-based inter-rater reliability (IRR) estimates that allow us to account for various sources of measurement error, the hierarchical structure of the data, and to test whether covariates, such as applicant status, moderate IRR.	1
The country field of the searches was constructed from the first 30 countries sorted by the number of papers in the Essential Science Indicators of the Thomson Reuters Web of Knowledge: the United States, Peoples Republic of China, Germany, Japan, England, France, Canada, Italy, Spain, Australia, India, South Korea, the Netherlands, Russia, Brazil, Taiwan, Switzerland, Sweden, Turkey, Poland, Belgium, Israel, Scotland, Denmark, Austria, Iran, Finland, Greece, Mexico, and Norway; searches were restricted to domestic papers for the reasons discussed elsewhere (Rodríguez-Navarro, 2011a, 2012).	2
We show that open access causes patents to cite academic knowledge much more frequently.	5
Current ESI Data covers over a 10-year and 10-month period (January 1, 2010 – October 31, 2020).	2
Moreover, the absolute number of citations will be a function of the number of people working in the area.	0
RQ3 What financial models are used by these journals?	1
For any country, the balance can be studied over time and compared to other countries.	5
The strength of the internal tie comes from its widespread use together and is calculated as :d=100.	0
The h-index and its variants have been ranked based on their effectiveness for awardees using Logistic Regression.	3
Our FDA method integrates functional principal components analysis, Poisson regression, and K-means clustering.	3
The average age of the articles read in each journal was calculated by taking the weighted average year of the articles read.	3
Clinical, Pre-Clinical and Health books had the highest altmetric impact but the lowest citation impact.	4
Female cardiologists had a better publication success than males concerning high rank peer reviewed publications.	5
Among the commercial publishers in our study, Elsevier’s prices per citation are nearly 3 times those charged by the nonprofits, whereas Emerald, Sage, and Taylor & Francis have prices per citation that are roughly 10 times those of the nonprofits.	5
Our exercise with RI Country Report Cards showed the existence of many initiatives aiming at RI and RE promotion and implementation across various European countries.	5
In general, the data suggests that these faculty members maintain productivity levels for 40 years—spanning an academic lifecycle-and do not decline as they age.	5
The hybrid journals on the other hand tend to charge more than ￡1500 [approx.	4
This article uses data collected from Google Scholar to identify characteristics of scholars who have chosen to create a Google Scholar profile.	1
Country SCR correlated significantly with total citable documents and total cites numbers and rankings.	4
Museum and gallery names and URLs were searched for in the “Details of the impact" and "Sources to corroborate the impact" sections of all ICSs (keyword searching has been previously used for different purposes: Jordan (2020), Jordan and Carrigan (2018)].	3
For articles published under CC BY licenses, you may freely distribute, adapt, or reuse the article, including for commercial purposes, provided you give proper attribution.	0
on average each Doktorvater had 3.05 laser-related dissertations.	2
(b) How do quantitative metrics and indicators influence this process?	1
This study provides qualitative results for the examined issues through series of in-depth interviews with 21 researchers and lecturers in various universities in Malaysia.	1
The most extreme example in the study is the Harvard Educational Review in which authors identified with the home institution had published 17 articles over the 7-year period, while the second and third most published institutions had 3.5 and 3.0 articles in the Review in the same period.	0
We downloaded all data from the ACL Anthology Reference Corpus (https://acl-arc.comp.nus.edu.sg/) and the ACL Anthology Repository (https://github.com/acl-org/acl-anthology), which provided full-text papers from two distinct periods: 1979–2015 and 2016-2020.	2
Using MEDLINE, the 5 journals were searched for articles published between 2009 and 2018 that were indexed with the following MeSH terms: nervous system diseases, immune system diseases, endocrine system diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, and respiratory tract diseases.	3
Using the drugs-patents-papers-grants backward linkages, we try to figure out the funding-science-technology-innovation translational pattern and ponder some policy implications on e.g., which priority areas and knowledge convergence level are more likely to generate new drugs.	1
Figure 4 shows that a modest amount of the observed increase in alternative medicine patents can be directly attributed to federal funding priorities.	4
In this article I will discuss the promotion through active dissemination of these books.	1
For our research we use the whole counting method to calculate the number of co-authored papers of countries; meaning that if a paper is co-authored by scientists from multiple countries, the paper is counted as a whole co-authored paper for each contributing country.	3
Of these two, Web of Science (hereafter WoS) was used for the work reported here, principally because of its better coverage of the conference proceedings literature.	2
How can ML algorithms be used to improve the performance and reliability of aerospace systems?	1
GERD was shown to be an excellent explanatory variable.	4
The IF Median is a better indicator than the JIF.	5
The 13 MEA countries published a total of 479 documents in 41 diabetes journals.	4
The solution might be the PR which is weighted by the number of papers in the subject categories.	3
The current study aims to contribute to the literature by offering a case study of the Japanese scientific community with in-depth career data.	5
In order to determine the IRS we used the pre-defined 100 key research areas of the University’s Faculties and combined them with output indicators (esteem factors).	3
While outsiders appear reluctant to challenge leadership within a field when the star is alive, the loss of a luminary provides an opportunity for fields to evolve in new directions that advance the frontier of knowledge.	5
(*) % calculated based on the number of publications with FA information.	0
Setting n = 1 and recalling that h(1) = 1, we find	0
We conclude by reframing the debate about humanities research's value through this lens of different – but equally valid - societal utility.	5
The cloud highlights the words that are used most frequently in the groups' description.	0
We aimed to assess the academic output of dermatologists in Australia and New Zealand in the preceding 5 years (2017–2022).	1
The results of this study have revealed that there is substantial room for improvements of technical efficiency, both across fields and within fields, in the sample of Canadian business scholars analyzed.	5
Academics are becoming accustomed to growing demands on 'performance' as universities place increasing emphasis on quantifiable research outputs.	1
I report the results of a recent survey asking a random sample of about 600 APSA members with PhDs what their reviewing loads are like and what their beliefs are about the value of peer reviewing to them and others.	1
Furthermore, international collaborations in AF research are investigated.	1
A research-conducive environment is not simply related to legal, administrative, and financial resources, it also incorporates a research culture with high academic integrity embedded in the institutional system.	5
Information about 20,686 projects supported by National Science Centre (NSC) in Poland was collected from the public NSC website that contains all accepted and funded projects.	2
After that, we randomly chose 2,343 articles for sub-sampling purposes.	2
Challenges identified as hindering scholarly publishing experience are inadequate mentorship and support, insufficient skills and knowledge, lack of funding, and access to the limited available information materials such as books, journals, and the likes.	5
A journal co-citation analysis is carried out by VOSviewer (Van Eck and Waltman, 2010), full counting is selected as the counting method, which means that each journal co-citation link has the same weight, and the two functions of filtering and thesaurus merging are applied to obtain a list of journals that are cited more than 15 times.	3
For the remaining authors, a manual search was conducted to determine their gender.	3
Since EABCA involves calculating the content similarity between citations, natural language processing techniques are required to provide word representation support.	3
Ten out of 36 (28%) projects in 'Territory, landscape and rural buildings' are of international relevance (Fig.	4
Clustering coefficient (Collins and Chow 1998) was used to measure the similarity between adjacent shells.	3
The result of bibliometric analysis showed that the publications were active and on the rise.	3
The Gustave Roussy Cancer Campus in France and German University of Düsseldorf occupy the second and fourth positions, respectively.	4
The FA reporting rate of WoS papers not indexed in SCI-E dips to 0.16%.	4
Therefore, this paper uses Spearman's correlation coefficient to examine the correlation among various indicators.	3
To determine the 100 most mentioned articles in the field of neuroimaging and to analyze their characteristics.	1
In the simulation study it will be assumed that the output or number of publications per researcher is generated according to Lotka's Law (Lotka, 1926).	2
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp	0
A secondary analysis was then conducted using the twelve categories of editorial misconduct defined in this paper.	3
After removals and additions, the list included 82 total journals.	2
The citation data was transformed for the regression by adding 1 and taking the natural log of the result.	3
Harvard University is the most influential institution in business & economics of all time.	4
It inspires us to investigate the existence of ‘sleeping beauties’ in the model of 'swan-group' we have found based on the Nobel key publications we choose as good/high quality publications, where we named ‘associated-sleeping-beauties’.	1
Acknowledgements We wish to thank Jeroen Bass at Elsevier for assistance in developing the data for the global level and for the specialties for 2008 and 2013.	0
Data were based on the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), from the Institute of Scientific Information Web of Science database.	2
Pecuniary drivers influenced engagement with academic, as well as economic domains.	4
Respondents generally looked favorably upon alternatives to the current evaluation system to potentially ameliorate these issues.	4
Polish academics under 40 exhibit different academic behaviors and academic attitudes than their older colleagues: they work differently and they think differently about the nature of their work.	5
This represents the average of the differences, in absolute value, of all possible pairs without repetition.	0
The objective of this study was to analyze the top papers from Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) member countries covered in the Essential Science Indicators (ESI) database during 2010-2019.	1
Academic oligopoly led by several developed countries may be a huddle to generalize knowledge.	5
Figure 1: Proportion of articles available in OA (by province, 2015-2019).	0
To assess the global visibility and discoverability on the web of local research into climate change, 37 colleagues from around the world (Figure 2) conducted Google Scholar searches using 'climate change' and 'climate change South Africa' as the search terms.	2
Therefore, four topics were chosen as the optimal parameter for training the LDA model in this study, as it provided the best balance between model complexity and interpretability while maintaining strong clustering performance.	3
The findings from this small-scale study suggest that it is crucial that all parties within the research community pay more attention to the issues and subjects connected to research ethics in order to increase research integrity among researchers.	5
We hand coded the 373 citing sources in order to examine variables specifically designed for our study.	3
In this article, we applied topic modeling and word co-occurrence analysis methods to identify key topics from more than 36,000 big data publications across all academic disciplines between 2012 and 2017.	1
Scopus categories were used as the basic source of field delimitation.	2
(6) Do the factors of work demand/control and support contribute to the explanation of future research performance?	1
Indeed, although teams that exhibit greater diversity in knowledge and skills, education, and/or scientific ability, are significantly less likely to obtain funding, they are generally more likely to be successful.	4
For experimental evaluation of the proposal, a java program was developed to calculate the sentiment score for each citation using SentiWordNet 3.0 that is based on WordNet3.0 [16].	3
This study demonstrated the following: the number of PSs has only slightly increased, compared to the number of overall physicians; if the decreasing tendency in the number of younger PSs is not addressed, the total number of PSs will drastically decrease in the future.	5
More interestingly, we can see clear interactive relationships among Pls and between Pls and topics.	4
When using the more liberal estimated citation counts for Microsoft Academic, its average citations counts are higher than both Scopus and the Web of Science for all disciplines.	4
We expressed the commonality between searches in different databases as 'efficiency', the number of references retrieved by a database for a search as a percentage of the total number retrieved.	3
Our results indicate that the impact of JASSS is cross-disciplinary but is consistently concentrated more among computer science, the natural sciences, physics and ecology.	5
In addition, this study does not find that LIS doctoral advisors' research background has an impact on their students' dissertation research topics in China, which was reported by previous studies in North America.	5
The extraction of method entities from academic papers, such as algorithm entities, can be regarded as a named entity identification (NER) task (Hou et al., 2022).	3
We defined self-citations by assessing whether ≥1 authors (based on last name only) from the original JWM article were also present in the author line of a citing publication.	3
Our study included 151 respondents who completed the survey.	2
Supplemental data for this article can be accessed on the publisher's website.	0
The prevalence of funded studies was 34.8% (n=477).	4
Collection and collation of research priority areas data pertaining to research areas were collected from publicly available, English-language websites of 88 accredited veterinary schools in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, UK, Ireland and others in the European Union.	2
2018) using macros such us: norm1—normalized 1-mode network, norm2—normalized 2-mode network, norm2p—Newman's normalization of a 2-mode network,	0
This paper describes the motivation for designing such a tool, the principles of the methodology proposed, as well as the steps foreseen to have it ready for end users by 2014.	1
Correspondence to: Dr A S Wierzbicki, Department of Chemical Pathology, St Thomas's Hospital, Lambeth Palace Road, London SE1 7EH, UK; Anthony.	0
We obtained the Prowess database for the years 2005 to 2014 from the Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy to identify industry funding for pharmaceutical and medical devices research.	2
In the fourth section, I present the applicable principles of research ethics as pertaining to the publish or perish aphorism.	3
Our final database consists of 5,861 entries with abstract lengths between 16 and 1,624 words, the mean abstract length of 153 words and the median of 138.	2
Funding: We acknowledge support by the CSIC Open Access Publication Initiative through its Unit of Information Resources for Research (URICI).	0
In just seven and a half months the h-index of the journals increased by 15 % and the median h-index by 17 %.	4
We first conclude that the socio-political dimension has to be explicitly taken into account when designing statistical systems; second, that social scientists involved in this process need to openly recognize the conflicts around the definition of indicators; third, that the objectified and taken for granted status of indicators makes them a powerful instrument to influence policy decisions and, that indicator designers need to make their own value judgments and interests fully transparent.	5
This study presents a bibliometric overview of the leading trends that have occurred in the journal between 2008–2016, using the Scopus database to collect bibliographic information and determine various bibliometric indicators.	5
The qualitative analysis of the cluster structure of both a pure link- based and a lexical similarity based document network proved the validity of both approaches.	5
Significantly, our analysis unveils that book chapters constituted the majority, encompassing 78.8% of the total publications on this subject.	4
The findings reveal a stable positive association of self-expression values with strong science.	5
In this study, we ask the following research questions: first, how do scholarly publications produced by authors from affiliations in mainland China perform in altmetrics?	1
It contains 2,092,356 articles, 1,207,061 unique authors, and 8,024,869 citation relationships.	2
We are grateful to Wolfgang Gl?nzel, Peter Vinkler and András Schubert for helpful discussions in the starting phase of this paper and to Remi Barre for important comments.	0
Additionally, the work uses bibliographic coupling (Kessler 1963), co-authorship, co-occurrence, citation analysis and co-citation analysis (Small 1973) to develop the graphical analysis.	3
Materials on these databases include legal documents, grey and scholarly literature, e-mails, interview notes, survey data, and fieldnotes.	2
A co-relationship test was taken to foreground productivity measurements and to verify the co-relationship between the year and the number of publications and deposits.	3
This study aimed to determine the five-year publication rate of presentations made at the 2009 SICOT Annual International Conference (AIC), recognise predictors of full-text publication, identify inconsistencies between presentations and publications, and determine presentation-publication delay.	1
Although OA may help in building global research capacity in GHR, the majority of publications remain subscription only.	5
Jin (2007) derived the age-weighted citation rate (AWCR) to rate the entire published body of work, in which the total number of citations for an individual work is divided by the age of the article.	3
This paper provides an account of the state of economics research in Portugal for the last two decades.	1
Only full-time faculty members were included in the cohort.	2
In conclusion, the study highlights the critical importance of ethics in trading and provides a comprehensive overview of the current state of research in this field.	5
The change mechanism emerged as a collection of dynamic elements and team expressions that provide energy to the teaming enterprise.	4
This study proposes a method for measuring the discriminative capacity of journals to evaluate and analyze differences in research content among academic journals.	1
The '2013 Strategic Review of Health and Medical Research: Better Health through Research' (2013 HMR Review) vision is to have the world's best healthcare system for Australia in the next 10 years.	1
A two-dimensional method, the Pm-Cm diagram, was adopted to provide a coherent and simultaneous approach to study the positions, rankings, and temporal evolution of countries in the global context.	3
However, the many factors that determine the quality of a journal and its derived indices are complex.	0
In order to probe further some of the commonly made statements about how various biases might bear on assessments of originality, we transformed these arguments, based on the literature review, into straightforward statements for the interviewees to agree or disagree with, as starting points to stimulate further discussion:	0
Particularly, the rapid and massive development of predatory journals, those that lack peer review but charge for article processing fees, has resulted in a decline in publication quality.	4
The majority of articles reach to 50 and 80% of their first 12 months downloads' total in later months.	4
The current article has shown that the relatively simple measure of national orientation used in the current and in earlier papers, aiming to characterise national orientation as a percentage of papers published by the most productive country in a journal, uses only data obtained from the journal itself, and strongly correlates with more sophisticated indicators that take into account international collaboration and a country's share of articles in the total base, or, alternatively, in the subject field the journal covers.	5
Rxivist uses tweet counts and download numbers to surface preprints that are being discussed and downloaded.	5
Table 5 reports the result of logistic regressions to test if our proposed novelty measures predict future citation impact.	4
Furthermore, we find a negative correlation between general submission fees and journal performance and that the top-performing journals of our sample are those of non-commercial publishers.	4
The submission equations for Hindawi and Elsevier journals were formulated as follows: Submit = f (APC, Author, SNIP, Review, Academic disciplines)	3
The framework used in this study serves to confirm the reproducibility of the model presented by Weis and Jacobson.	5
Finally, we conducted interviews with six academics from humanities, arts, and social sciences.	2
This paper contributes broadly to transdisciplinary bibliometric research, and specifically to scientometric research and science-based policymaking.	5
Interdisciplinary reach measures the share of a focal author's direct collaborators who publish outside of the focal author's subject areas.	3
Our objective was to perform an analysis of citation classics in the journals of pediatric specialty and to examine their characteristics.	1
The Lancet, Volume 351, Issue 9103, Pages 637–641, 28 February 1998	0
Circuit diagrams for a problem with three aspects to be solved by two people (a: parallel connection, b: serial connection).	0
First, even assuming that IF provides a reliable indicator of the quality of journals for the assessment of research outputs, De Marchi and Lorenzetti have failed to validate their suggested indicators and proxies.	3
The JPMA has successfully completed 60 years of publication.	5
The first major finding was that an early debut had a strong positive effect on both the quantity and quality of short-term research productivity.	5
This paper proposes a multilevel approach to explore the patterns of knowledge integration and the forms of research organization emerging from the practices and activities of IDR centers.	1
Borgman (Ph.D., Stanford University, 1983) is an assistant professor of library and information science at the University of California, Los Angeles, CA 90024.	0
We apply a recent framework that characterizes societal targeting dimensions of funding (Ramos-Vielba, Thomas and Aagaard 2022) through 12 in-depth case studies of funded projects.	3
Focusing on selected journals in the natural sciences, engineering, clinical medicine & biomedical sciences, and social sciences, the following aspects were determined: publication language, national distribution of authors and citations, and institutional distribution of authors.	1
The results show that most the universities with medical school are ranked in the top 50 %, whereas the ones without a medical school mostly remain at the bottom 50 %.	4
The authors wish to thank Tamea Marlett and Pamela Jarvis for their help in preparation of this manuscript.	0
When utilized properly, the h index is a convenient measure of academic productivity demonstrating radiation oncology trainees' continued pursuit of scholarly endeavors.	5
We carried out a comprehensive search in the PubMed Database using the keywords 'COVID-19' and 'mental health' in the search field.	2
Finally, we assessed the geographic distribution of editors at broader geographic and macroeconomic scales by comparing the representation of editors from different World Bank geographic regions and national income categories.	1
Objective: To conduct a bibliometric analysis of the Original articles published in the Journal of Pakistan Medical Association.	1
The final dataset described 589,681 articles in 283 journals, ranging in average publication volume (for articles meeting our inclusion criteria) from 47.3 articles per year (Artificial Intelligence in Medicine) to 1229.8 articles per year (Transplantation Proceedings).	2
What current trends can be detected, and what are their implications?	1
The USA and Canada had the highest h-indices by country at 46 and 22, respectively.	4
We further show that across all fields, periods and team sizes, researchers in these remote teams are consistently less likely to make breakthrough discoveries relative to their on-site counterparts.	4
Is it possible to evaluate a research group based on the centrality metrics of co-authorship networks?	1
Washington in the collection and review of data and Linda Cornett for typing and editorial assistance in preparation of the manuscript.	0
The survey sample was limited to academics from 36 universities in a way that covered the six continents: Africa, Asia, Europe, Latin America and Caribbean, North America, and Oceania.	2
From the total set of young researchers, we selected here the young researchers in psychology, in behavioral & educational research, and in economics.	2
No relationship is apparent visually or statistically between the reviews and citations: the slope of the regression line is –0.098 (SE = 0.187, p = .601).	4
To determine the magnitude of sociology’s impact on sociology of sport, a bibliometric approach is used to identify the main trends in the field, after which these trends are analyzed to determine to what extent they are linked to research in the field of sociology and how this influence is structured.	3
For bootstrapping, confidence limits were calculated based upon 1000 resamples of the data set.	3
1 Time series of (left) the number of submitted papers and (right) of the number of accepted papers when submitted to JSCS during a given month (m) in 2012, 2013 and 2014	0
The present study, is the first assessment of research performance of Iranian health research networks conducted according to the qualitative method that set based on experts' views in specific fields.	5
P values are determined from one-way ANOVA, which compared averages between faculty with different degree types at the same academic rank.	0
I will take the first claim constitutive of my functional explanation to be adequately confirmed.	0
The optimal management of HR require facilities can play an important role in improving the quality and quantity of health studies and achieving scientific competitive positions at the regional and global levels.	5
First, when comparing the information disclosed through research integrity columns or thematic websites to that on university official websites, it’s evident that the dissemination of research integrity information is scattered across various platforms in Chinese universities with medical programs.	5
We locate 309,517 related papers and their references in the CORD-19 data from 2000 to 2021.	2
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
Not only does the data set contain errors, there are a number of other reasons why these IFs are not reliable indicators of a journal's quality.	5
2 Scott Carrell moved from the University of California, Davis, to the University of Texas at Austin in the Fall of 2023.	0
In this work, we introduce a new metric, namely Article Network Influence (ANI), to measure the influence of an article by using broader citation relationships quantitatively.	1
In order to validate the hypothesis, a dataset based on the integration of Quebec scientists' funding and publications was built.	2
Google Scholar was not far behind Google in most measures, but even though the differences were not significant, the advantage of the general web search engine over the one dedicated to academics was a surprise.	5
These findings suggest that the progress of large scientific fields may be slowed, trapped in existing canon.	5
Mapping of the FAW research activities in an enlarged Europe was carried out with the help of two questionnaires.	2
However, there are some barriers to open access, and they are evident in high article processing charges (APCs), which emphasize the financial constraint, particularly in developing countries.	5
Keywords: cross-disciplinary comparisons; evaluation; grant review; manuscript reviews; peer review; quality control; reliability	0
We then searched the authors' institutions websites, Google and LinkedIn profiles to identify the current affiliation of these authors.	3
Dataset [A] refers to 100 top-cited physicists, [B] to another set of 100 highly prolific physicists, [C] to 100 assistant professors in physics, [D] to 100 top-cited cell biologists, and [E] to 50 top-cited pure mathematicians (for further data elaboration, see SI Appendix).	2
This paper focuses on three prominent journals for library science: College and Research Libraries, Library Resources and Technical Services, and Reference and User Services Quarterly.	1
We identified four eligible biomedical preprint servers: BioRxiv, MedRxiv, NutriXiv, and Surgery Open Science First Look.	2
The period of time analyzed was 2005 to 2014.	2
To gather data for the present investigation, a survey of OA e-journals was made across the Web.	3
A new methodology for identification of emerging topics from large citation databases is developed in this article.	3
The sensitivity rate of .70 (95% exact binomial CI: 062, 0.69) in Table 2 indicates that the new VIVO Harvester query retrieved about 70% of the eligible PubMed references.	4
The percent of international co-authored publications is found by dividing the number of international publications over all publications for each region and period.	0
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial, or not-for profit sectors.	0
Articles with at least 100 citations from the Web of Science Core Collection were selected and analyzed in terms of publication years, authors, institutions, countries/territories, journals, Web of Science categories, and citation life cycles.	2
Disclaimer Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.	0
Finally, future research directions are proposed for researchers to explore this area in further detail.	5
We focus on the 384,649 papers in the APS and 22,379,244 papers in the WoS that received at least one citation.	2
Therefore, in order to better reflect the network characteristics and to eliminate the scale effects concurrently, we construct a random network with the same number of nodes and edges as the Turing Network.	3
Thus total 889 raw keywords were collected from 915 articles.	2
A measure of cohesion that incorporates both structural information as well as the coupling in a network is the weighted clustering coefficient (WCC).	3
We used a disambiguation algorithm to create publication profiles for all authors with five or more publication entries in WoS.	3
Dataset_2 (1412 papers) includes both general research articles (1394 studies) and review papers (18 studies).	2
The Aleksander Zelwerowicz National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw, ul.	0
The annual rate of article retractions due to misconduct has increased exponentially since 2001, and the percentage of all retractions involving misconduct allegations has grown from 18.5–29.2 % for each year from 1990–1993 to 55.8–71.9 % for each year from 2007–2010.	4
This article aims to describe the editorial processing times of published COVID-19 research articles and compare these with a similar topic, human influenza (FLU), during the year 2020, and the number of publications, withdrawals, and retractions was analyzed for the same period.	1
We searched Explorer on July 7, 2016, using the names of PubMed-indexed HPE journals.	2
None of the publishers identified names in their contact details and primarily included only email addresses.	4
We collected data on 2172 surgeons from 15 separate academic centres across Canada.	2
The evaluation of citations received by articles, scientists, coun- tries or other aggregates of scientific activity is defined as citation analysis in the bibliography of science [1–3].	3
Primary data for both phases of the study came mainly from survey questionnaires (structured), semi- structured interviews, three focus group discussions, interview protocols and personal observations.	2
Based on conference ethnography and reflexive interviews with participants, we identify two dispositions characterising dominant habitus in FPR: an objectivistic understanding of scientificity, and an affective orientation towards forest practice.	2
The section-based approach outperformed the standard content-based approach in identifying relevant documents from all classified topics of computer science.	4
qH) if a high-quality outcome is achieved after the peer review is completed (with an expected incentive of ψ/(1 ?	4
The top-cited articles published in EM journals help us recognize the quality of the works, discoveries, and trends steering EM.	5
More importantly, the use of emotion adjectives and adverbs also demonstrated an upward trend while that of nonemotion adjectives and adverbs did not increase.	4
To explore potential impacts of an open access policy at GBMF, we analyzed 2,650 publications produced by GBMF grantees between 2001 and 2017 (Strasser & Khare, 2017a).	2
It is these questions we set out to respond in this research note.	1
This exploratory study explores librarians' motivations, strategies, and their perceived or relative success rates for finding collaborations on research projects or library initiatives.	1
We then identify two sets of prolific authors: 1) individuals with five or more career publications across all 23 journals and 2) scholars with five or more career publications in the set of five elite finance journals (JF, JFE, RFS, JFQA, and JB).	3
The presented work is experimental, rendering promising results.	4
Prozesky made substantial contributions to the conception or design of the work, critically revised previous versions of the manuscript for important intellectual content; and read and approved the final version submitted for publication.	0
This study aims to analyze the main factors of the TF&SC journal taking into account the authors, institutions, countries, journals, keywords, and co-citation factors.	1
The most important lesson to be drawn by researchers in transportation based on our findings is that international cooperation does pay off in the form of higher citation counts.	5
The interview transcripts were thematically coded and analysed in NVivo qualitative data analysis software following standard qualitative methods (Leedy and Ormond, 2019; QSR, 2018).	3
Analyses on keywords and collaboration among countries were assisted by Endnote and Pajek.	3
The purpose of this article is to demonstrate how the aforementioned toolbox permits a joint analysis of the latent semantic relationships and the principles of disciplinary classification in a corpus of scholarly literature.	1
Globally, there can be found differences in the gender distributions of the publishing authors.	4
For the Simon model, x2 = 26.89 and for the Price model x2 = 1,431.78.	4
database to determine whether they had ever been presented previously.	3
Let CPD (marked as 1 = have CPD, 0 = do not have CPD) be the dependent variable.	3
In contrast, in the developed countries studied, the most prevalent scenario is faculty members free-riding from their counterparts.	4
First, despite their different sources of information, ranging from objective indicators, such as citation counts, to subjective reputation surveys, existing rating systems clearly tap a unidimensional latent variable of university quality.	5
This paper considers the making of ‘professor’ as a subject position through which academics are acknowledged in both organizational contexts and disciplinary fields.	1
Applying the implicit function rule to equation (6) yields the following proposition.	0
Measured in Internet years, data used in all these studies are old, if not ancient.	0
This study considered four control variables to control their effects in exploring the proposed research questions.	3
The USA leads significantly in total citation counts and H-index rankings, ahead of other countries.	4
Using fixed-effects panel data models, we find that a positive association exists between openness and knowledge creation, which is catalyzed by domestic tie strength and diminished by foreign tie strength, and both domestic and foreign tie strength have an inverted U-shaped effect on knowledge creation.	3
In order to compute the Rao-Stirling diversity index, we constructed a disci- pline x discipline co-citation matrix (using 143 subclasses from the NSF classification system) based on all papers of WoS over the last 5 years (2008–2012).	3
Figure 6: Hierarchical clustering results based on the document-topic distribution matrix	0
We further detect scientific sub-networks using GirvanNewman algorithm in Fig.	3
We focus specifically on 169 researchers in the eight Nanomedicine Development Centers funded by the U.S.	1
“Empirical framework” section introduces the empirical framework based on econometric models to identify factors explaining the quantity and the quality of science production.	0
We searched the Web of Science for citations to all Central papers and identified societal impacts, including international clinical guidelines citing papers across the generations.	3
The overall predominance of Laws and Professional Codes ethical climate at the University of Split is not surprising for a country with a tradition of only public universities and strict national regulation of the research and education processes (Official Gazette 2003).	5
The relevance of editorial materials through three quantitative bibliometric characteristics of scientific publications, namely page length, number of references, and the number of received citations, are thoroughly analyzed.	1
There were 1305/1932 (68%) citations made by North American journals for items published in North American journals and 1712/2063 (83%) citations made by European journals for items published in European journals, p < 0.0001.	4
The normalized indicator "NOAI" proposed in this paper consists in reporting at first the share of OA publications in a given discipline (or field) for an actor (institution, country, etc.) on the same share at the world level.	3
The relationship between the bibliometric and altmetric analyses are basically consistent, therefore the two can prove/complement each other.	5
Results were converted to rank order using the standard competition ranking (SCR).	3
The current study mainly profiles the internationalization of China in academic research, particularly in Chinese scholarly journals, by examining the number of publications in Chinese scholarly journals deriving from the G8 from 1979 to 2016.	1
It was, however, recognized that the current study, which focuses on productivity and impact, needed qualitative as well as quantitative measures, for which a bibliometric analysis provided the best option.	0
The value of IntAut has significantly changed in two groups (SS, H) but not in the ENM.	4
The searches included a general Google searches, specific Google searches (Images, Videos, Books, Blogs and News) and, a Google Scholar search (all searches considered only the top 10 results).	3
We investigate the frequently used keywords in journal papers in order to identify the main research topics of the JCEM journal.	3
Table 4 reveals that stayers already published at higher IF journals had more citations and internationally collaborated more frequently than the returnees before the mobilization.	4
However, the ERC grant serves different functions for the winners of three different categories: for the Starting Grant winners, it offers the possibility to kick off and establish their research group, for the Consolidator Grant winners, it opens up new opportunities to extend their co-authorship network, and for the Advanced Grant winners, it offers the chance to start a new collaboration.	5
We start with the thermodynamic-bibliometrics consilience proposed recently by Prathap (2011a, 2011b).	3
This study compares publication pattern dynamics in the social sciences and humanities in five European countries.	1
Our findings reveal a preference for mid-career, multidisciplinary researchers with significant publications, citations, and prior project experience.	4
First of all, the publication and general citation structure of the journal as well as the most cited articles are analyzed.	3
We also find that proposal success is correlated with a high level of topical overlap between the proposal references and the applicant's prior publications.	4
The relative risk of pre-graduation publication for post-graduation publication was 1.90 (x2 = 185.91, 95% CI [1.76, 2.05], p<0.001), which shows that MD graduates who published before graduation were almost twice as likely to publish after graduation than graduates who had not.	4
The methods of detecting interdisciplinary interactive relationship could provide paths for interdisciplinary research in other fields.	5
The main task of this paper is to analyse the current state of the research capacities resulting after the expansion of Argentina's academic field in order to explore its impact in the circulation of knowledge produced locally and the distribution of scientific prestige.	1
Although journal articles mentioning new issue terms tend to be more cited in 18 fields, they are less cited in six.	4
Therefore, the authors used bibliometric analysis to examine citations of literary publications for patterns of recurring sources within a specific area of scholarship.	3
In their survey of the literature on scholar rankings, Palacios-Huerta and Volij (2014) ask whether the class of rankings that can be represented in this way could be axiomatically characterized.	1
Este trabajo se marca como objetivo principal, por tanto, el establecimiento de la estructura intelectual de la revista EPI a partir del análisis de las palabras clave presentes en los documentos publicados y recogidos en las bases de datos internacionales de bibliografía científica.	1
Using the case of translational medicine, this paper suggests that analyses which treat these models as a primarily epistemic interventions miss the way that new approaches are increasingly shaped by specific financial and commercial agendas.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
To measure the connection between our journal-level explanatory variables and the journals' performance, we run two separate regressions, one with the impact factor and another with the immediacy index as the dependent variable.	3
The current research analyzed the factor structure of an important scale in this area—the Attitudes toward Cheating (ATC) scale.	1
The objects of evaluation are either research organizations or funding instruments.	2
A substantial share of influential publications appear in non-T5 outlets.	4
The second study,11 published in Investigating Interdisciplinary Collaboration: Theory and Practice across Disciplines, edited by Scott Frickel, Barbara Prainsack, and Mathieu Albert, and co-authored with David J.	2
The journals and book publishers that routinely publish work by the most productive faculty are the same ones that account for the greatest number of publications by sociologists, overall.	4
Due to the non-parametric behaviour of data, the Spearman correlation was considered.	3
Nevertheless, KSA's performance in a scientific publication is still relatively far from the average G20 performance.	5
RQ1: What is the level of awareness of IR by lecturers in universities in Nigeria?	1
In contrast, a topically similar collaboration network in the state of Washington, a region with sizable and economically important wetlands acreage that was not buffeted by major environmental disasters did not exhibit patterns of change that corresponded to the timing of the disasters.	5
The present study also explored differences in the impact of these articles in terms of citations and journal of publication, e.g.	1
The basis of an odds or odds ratio calculation is a two-by-two frequency table with a binary row variable, here composed of a university (exposure) and a reference unit, and with a column variable that represents the outcome.	3
The countries considered for the study are the five most important regarding R&D expenditure as a perentage of their GDP (UNESCO 2019): (a) South Korea, (b) Israel, (c) Japan, (d) Singapore, and (e) China.	2
We then follow the steps recommended by B?rner et al.	3
Overall, data from SciVal indicators show that almost 75% of Australian universities (29 out of 39) are performing above the world mean on five or more indicators.	4
In this study, we use the total number of subject, the richness R, as a measure of variety because this is the simplest and the most popular way to characterize a biological community in a single parameter (May 1975).	3
The results highlight the publication trends; most cited documents, top contributing authors, countries and institutions with highest productivity and most contributing journals to the research field.	4
The SCOPUS database was used for this study.	2
Due to the lack of a proper sampling frame, we used non-probability snowball sampling to recruit respondents [15].	3
We found that κ for NEJM and Lancet are κL NEJM = 83 and κNEJM L = 30, respectively.	4
Flow-chart showing the selection process of articles included in the study.	0
Eight additional researchers showed strong connectivity between their cluster and one other cluster.	0
Although the underlying graphs are undirected (the relationship between two nodes is symmetric), the position of the time coefficient t in the description of a node (t, k) can be important.	0
The results indicate that the journal is on a progressive trend both in terms of productivity as well as the level of influence in the areas for which it is indexed.	4
This study used the h-index to examine the importance of distributing knowledge between locations.	3
The strength of a partition—a division of a network into mutually exclusive and jointly exhaustive communities—can be quantified using the modularity statistic [17], defined as Q=	3
Thus the major contribution of this study is to show that it is possible to judge the quality of publication clustering solutions, as operationalized by the correspondence of solutions to latent topic structure reflected in several different validation datasets.	1
When trying to assess the number of research publications of Tunisia, Algeria and Lebanon in journals having received an impact factor of 5 or more in 2018 (Clarivate Analytics 2019a), we found that these three countries respectively ameliorated their number of publications in the concerned journals between 2006–2010 and 2011–2015 by 35.9%, 43.8% and 16.5% only (Clarivate Analytics 2019b).	2
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
To check this we used the data from the Web of Science database.	3
The baseline model of count data is a Poisson regression, which imposes equality of the variance of the data to its mean, an assumption that often does not hold in real data.	3
Keywords Knowledge circulation · Strategic-oriented analysis · Global research · Urban space · Technologies	0
Strengthening journal requirements around the quality of evidence syntheses may lessen the inappropriate citation of retracted publications.	5
It describes the current structure of the scientific field in terms of researchers, institutes, publishing circuits, and institutional evaluative cultures.	1
It is concluded that the journal comprises a very broad target audience and the A4 stratum in which the BABT was classified on Qualis 2017-2020 is consistent with the method proposed by the documents published by CAPES.	5
We found 761 unique records not indexed in the bibliometric databases, constituting 6% of all the computer science research output for the region.	4
notation and 207 % increase for the BC/B.C.	4
Our analysis supports the connection between technological emergence and interdisciplinarity and atypicality in knowledge combinations.	4
The study findings provide an awareness for the strong need to establish citation practices for design scholars, which will add to the body of knowledge in clothing and textiles and increase the impact of design scholarship beyond the discipline.	5
These findings suggest that theoretical choices in capstones may contribute to the external evaluations underpinning university rankings, offering insights for aligning doctoral programs with ranking criteria.	5
This paper describes the Global Research Benchmarking System (GRBS) which satisfies these requirements by providing fine-grained objective data to internationally benchmark university research performance in over 250 areas of Science and Technology.	1
r-index Journal x = (citation count Journal × × RF Journal x)/100	3
TurnItIn) that focus on detecting misconduct in students' submitted work.	5
It aims to establish how this new wave of researchers, with their millennial values and beliefs, are dealing with the growing range of metrics available for, among other things, assessing their performance and impact.	1
The present study applies a scientometric method with a quasi-experimental approach to compare web-present and web-absent women and men as regards their frequencies, scientific production and mean citation in the field of Nanoscience and Nanotechnology during 2005–2007.	3
Determinants of outcomes include characteristics of disciplines and fields, institutional work culture, power dynamics and team-specific norms and decision processes.	4
The PATSTAT database covers information of all relevant patents worldwide and is provided by the European Patent Office especially for statistical patent analysis.	2
Two Norwegian scholars (affiliated at institutions A and B have written one paper each, ready for publication.	3
The reorganization of the university increased its publication activity by more than 2.5 times in 2015 versus 2012.	4
Over one third of the respondents (35%) felt that the systems at the Great Western University were cumbersome.	4
This study will investigate how Web of Science Core Collection handles the two different publication dates issue when searching and analyzing the literature online.	1
This essay is intended to further our understanding of text recycling by identifying and describing these factors, exploring the limits of current definitions, and finally offering a new definition.	1
To correct for this problem, Egghe (2006) proposed the g-index, which gives more weight to highly-cited articles.	3
In what follows, we will use both the maximal cliques and the frequent item sets (Fis) methods (see definitions and details in SI C.3).	3
This article investigates the dependence of funding decisions on past publication performance amongst applicants for the Starting Grants Programme, offered by the European Research Council.	1
2 shows differences particularly for three user groups: lecturers, researchers at a non-academic institution, and others.	4
Subsequently, China was determined to be the most productive country (93 valid documents) and have the strongest collaboration network.	4
We see that the chemistry faculty members on average get more research subsidy than economists in all Turkish universities.	4
In this study, we re-evaluate and compare the h-index of all neurosurgical units in the United Kingdom and Ireland.	1
In addition, the Gender Inequality Index (GII) was obtained for each country in order to rank them.	3
In this paper, we investigate the effects of using four methods of publication counting (complete, whole, fractional, square root fractional) and limiting the number of publications (at researcher and institution levels) on the results of a national research evaluation exercise across fields using Polish data.	1
All geographic variables come from the CEPII data sets (2016): distance captures the bilateral geographical distance between two countries' capitals, while time difference refers to the time zone difference between two countries.	2
An interpretive coding process was used to provide the results presented in the findings section.	3
The data are presented as five-year moving averages (i.e., 2003-2007, 2004–2008, 2005–2009, 2006-2010, and 2007–2011) to smooth out the yearly fluctuations in the number of papers and their citations, allowing for accurate trend analysis.	3
The present case study strongly suggests that, measured according to our selected four descriptive categories—popularity, prestige, geographic reach, and readership— Societies Without Borders is a valued venue for scholarly communication and impactful research.	5
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Herein, we describe the bibliometrics and impact of the 200 most-cited pediatric renal transplantation manuscripts.	1
Selecting web-presence as a manifestation of web activity, and applying a quasi-experimental scientometric method, the present study aims to investigate the effects of the interaction, if any, on web-present females and males compared to web-absent ones in Nanoscience and Nanotechnology.	1
When we look at the PhD institutions of the Nobel Laureates in economics, M.I.T., Harvard, and Chicago have clear leading positions.	4
Amy Burgin developed a project-wide, synchronous, two-credit course in team science.	3
It should be noted that, although iThenticate? provides a fundamental basis for detecting research misconduct, the final judgment should be made by experts.	5
When controlling for all the other variables, the only region where there is a positive and significant association between disease burden and research specialisation is in Eastern Africa.	4
Combining the concept of discontinuance in the theory of innovation diffusion and citation trajectory scenarios, this study proposes the definition and measurement indicators of Citation Discontinuance (CD), and examines the feasibility of using CD as a descriptor for the durability of citation diffusion.	1
Document type label is an important feature of bibliometric databases for users to sort their search results, and forms the basis to define a body of literature for further publication and citation analyses.	5
Article impact is driven by the value of research rather than the publication venue; in return, journal impact is driven by the value of the article.	5
Cross-sectional study of senior and junior doctors, nurses and nursing auxiliaries providing care to patients in the 34-bed multidisciplinary ICU of a tertiary teaching hospital in southern Brazil from January to July 2019.	2
We counted the frequency of each co-citation pair across all papers published that year in the WOS and compared these observed frequencies to those expected by chance, using randomized citation networks.	3
The survey was analyzed using simple descriptive statistics.	3
Ultimately, we received 43,753 records during the period 2011–2020.	2
Factors associated with a higher scientific productivity were: the size of the resident program, the amount of time specifically dedicated to research, a lower clinical workload, and the number of clinical trials performed in the last year.	4
In this paper, we explore the factors that can drive the changes of the impact of institutions, finding that the impact of an institution, as measured by the number of the accepted papers of the institution, more is determined by the authors’ influence of the institution.	1
Our data were collected from the WOS by searching for the 22 UTD management journals in the bibliographic field “Publication Name”, using the timespan 1992–2011.	2
We also used the multiple regression quadratic assignment procedure (MRQAP) to examine the extensions of quadratic assignment procedure (QAP) tests to multiple regressions.	3
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
At the same time, there is no consistent evidence of a link between a mathematician's productivity and supply shocks in either geographic space or collaboration space for the average Soviet mathematician.	4
Our main objective is to investigate the influence of higher-order structures in local collaboration networks on the productivity of the focal scientist.	1
Hot-spot papers are top highly cited papers with a threshold indicating how much the hot-spot papers account for.	3
Only countries with the number of articles >100 are included in the analysis.	0
Center for Innovation, Technology and Policy Research IN+, Instituto Superior Técnico, Technical University of Lisbon, Avenida Rovisco Pais, 1049-001 Lisbon, Portugal	0
The authors opted for 'Beall's list' as their determinant for predatory journals.	1
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
Comparisons between the different types of open access publishing, in fully open access and in hybrid journals, show the considerably higher costs of hybrid open access.	3
Around half of the FA–GN entries (53.1%) were “completely identified”, that is, they included at least one funder and one grant number in the corresponding subfields.	4
For testing purposes, we create our data set by collecting the already published papers (in year 2019) which has the “environmental risk" term at the title/abstract or keywords.	2
Our analysis reinforces the point that researchers' sharing behavior is primarily motivated by rational self-interest rather than pure altruism (Fecher et al., 2015; Levin et al., 2016; Haeussler, 2011).	5
Case study data sources include meeting notes and team member reflections.	2
The geochemistry geophysics is the most published category in the area of earthquake prediction.	4
Evaluation has been performed on the ACL Anthology collection and on the DBLP dataset, and a new corpus has been compiled to evaluate the capacity of the proposal to find relationships beyond similarity.	2
In this article, we analysed the impact of OA articles published by both Chinese and the American researchers using PLOS ONE.	1
We retrieved all pediatric journals registered in the 2013 JCR database (supplementary Table 1).	2
To be clear, I do not view this effort as replacing the use of the IF or blacklists/whitelists and other contemporary approaches.	0
The combined methods (t test, Tukey's post- hoc test, effect size, propensity score matching, and OLS regression analysis) were applied to reveal the effect of the levels and types of collaboration on interdisciplinarity.	3
The female citation advantage is largest, and statistically significant in most years, for Australia and the UK.	4
The main methodological conclusions of our experimental approach are that, under the right conditions, potential scientific breakthroughs in areas of science-based technology might be found by searching bibliographic data sources for highly cited 'key' publications which are (co-) authored by bridging researchers and that show an increasing multidisciplinary impact.	5
In contrast, the USA, UK, Germany, Italy, Russia, The Netherlands, Switzerland, Finland, and Denmark all enjoyed increased relative citation impact despite a declining share of publications.	4
The data have shown that Russell Group universities attract most BEIS funding, generate on average the highest GPA scores but equally score low on some other funding categories such as EU funds.	5
Most publications were written in Portuguese (77%) and published in Brazilian journals (89%) with low or no impact factor (Appendix E).	4
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 1 times since 2017*	0
We discuss these findings in the wider context of open access publishing, and point out that open access knowledge, if not met with proper knowledge absorption infrastructures, has limited usefulness in addressing knowledge access and production inequalities.	5
Obviously, the top cited list is dynamic, as scientific interests and research tendencies evolve over the years.	5
By number of citations, there is no positive association between the author cardinality and citation impact.	4
Therefore, closing the gender gaps in S&T is desirable for both women and the entirely system.	5
This article shows that arXiv has changed the scholarly communication patterns of physicists and mathematicians.	5
This study includes two major methods: the proposed teams identification method and the motif detection.	3
This idea has been extended by Zhang and Gl?nzel (2012) to the mean age of publications of the h-core sequence, where the h-core sequence is defined analogously to the h-core for the h-index sequence.	3
IWRM = integrated water resource management; STLD/TLD = second top-level domain; top-level domain; URL = uniform resource locator.	0
Under such urgent circumstances, to what extent does accumulated knowledge contribute to COVID-19 research?	1
The network analysis phase revealed that academics ego-networks on academic SNS networks were smaller and more highly clustered; Twitter networks were larger and more diffuse.	4
Reuse of AAPT content is subject to the terms at: http://scitation.aip.org/termsconditions.	0
Preprint counts were compared across categories (e.g., COVID-19 or non-COVID-19) using chi-squared tests.	3
On the other hand, Brazil presents a meaningful decrease in the self-citation percentage, despite the great production growth in the years studied.	4
The way we define and evaluate scientific success impacts the way in which research is performed [1].	1
The starting point of the test is a simple factor model and it is based on an innovative decomposition of the variable of interest.	3
Second, the co-citation networks of cited authors/sources/references were generated; the nodes, links, and total link strengths based on the visualized networks are used to analyze citation connections.	3
This paper contributes not only to the understanding of OA scholarly publishing, but is also relevant for research on what drives (academic) data sharing, knowledge sharing, the sharing economy or the open source movement.	5
These results confirm the findings of the previous studies of research collaboration in the social sciences (e.g.	5
In our example, all the relevant authors' institutions are located in the United States.	4
The exact value plays no role as pg,h(a) = 0 in this case.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
To gain an understanding into a journal's usage patterns, researchers used four years of usage data spanning from 2009 through 2012, along with 2-4 years of citation data, and journal impact metrics from 2012.	2
Conflict of Interest: JSM is published by Wiley-Blackwell, a division of John Wiley & Sons, on behalf of the International Society for Sexual Medicine.	0
In order to improve the h-index in terms of its accuracy and sensitivity to the form of the citation distribution, we propose the new bibliometric index l.	1
Legal claims in these cases included False Claims Act violations, off-label marketing, anti-competitive behavior, and the like.	2
The main objective of this paper is to combine the analysis of various indicators (both quantitative and qualitative) used in research evaluation at the group level, and to study their relationship with the three types of durability mentioned in the foregoing section.	1
The most prevalent middle-income countries in editorial boards were Brazil (n = 184, 4.26%), India (n = 150, 3.47%), Turkey (n = 42, 0.97%), and Iran (n = 36, 0.83%).	4
We point out that the twenty-first century starts on January 1, 2001.	0
Reprint requests: Aaron Daluiski, MD, Hospital for Special Surgery, Division of Hand Surgery, 523 E.	0
Historical Project Data (HP data): The data of projects sponsored by NSFC are available on the NSFC Big Data Knowledge Management Service portal.	2
Based on the result, 2013 is the starting year where the total publication excess of 100 articles and the configuration of leading countries, productive organizations, and authors are investigated.	4
Our finding is different from Jia et al.'s (2017) conclusions that scientists tend to avoid going back to the original topics when they changed their research topics.	5
This study is pursued at the level of documents published in a single journal as units of analysis.	0
Most of the manuscripts were published in impact journals (52.2%) and placed in the lowest quartile (Q4).	4
The analysis was performed in Canoco 5 (Ter Braak and ?milauer 2012).	3
In regard to the overall number of publications, the USA is the leading country, while the output ratio to the population of Switzerland was found to exhibit the best performance.	4
Thus, allowing the value of o to be variable should be more general, as it allows different degrees of depth-width weighting to be entertained.	5
For scientists with the same h-index, the ranking was made according to the number of citations.	3
The main purpose of this study is to offer an overview of the rehabilitation research area in Spain from 1970 to 2018 through a bibliometric analysis.	1
The results suggest that Mendeley readers accrue from when articles are first available online and continue to steadily build.	4
Normal distributions of clusters, threshold scores, and effect sizes (Cohen's d) for Pro-environmental behaviours, Financial position, and Beliefs.	0
The papers were also fractionally counted: Fractional counting means the attribution of each address to a paper in proportion to the number of addresses provided in the byline of the article.	3
Asian authors and females self-cited significantly less often than all other regions and male authors.	4
These findings underscore the importance of accessing external knowledge networks, offering relevant policy insights for a large number of small and less developed countries.	5
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
These indexes would check such unethical or unscrupulous way of adding as co-authors.	5
Given the relatively small population size and typical problems with low response rates for surveys, it was decided to send the survey to all North American LIS faculty members (excluding Puerto Rico) rather than develop a random sample of participants.	2
Hybrid open access may however lead to problems in questions of double dipping and the often stipulated gold open access.	5
In this study, the Web of Science Core Collection (hereinafter referred to as Web of Science) and the Overton were used as two major data sources.	2
The bibliometric analysis of co-authored papers published by the 479 researchers included in our sample has been used to construct a knowledge network among Mexican scientists and a variety of researchers, working in foreign and Mexican institutions.	3
The number of downloaded papers published by the journal Izvestiya Akademii Nauk.	4
The most significant changes from 1965 to 2005 are the decreasing interest in library and information-service activities and the growth of research into information seeking and scientific communication.	4
The University of Wisconsin–Madison ranked first in terms of the total publications (n = 39).	4
Note: Observations for annual rates of citations and salary vary across years.	0
This search yielded a set of 666,527 retrieved results, comprising 260,350 BKCI-S and 406,177 BKCI-SSH.	2
To analyse the impact of the articles published in 2009 Thomson Reuters Web of Science was searched for the ten most cited papers in the JBJS-A and JBJS-B in the subsequent years 2010 and 2011.	3
Conflicts of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Workshop participants included disciplinary faculty from Anthropology, Communication and Journalism, Economics, Forestry, Marine Sciences, Climate Science and Engineering, as well as Cooperative Extension faculty, several librarians and multiple graduate students in Anthropology and Journalism.	2
The publication rate has remained stable over time.	5
The h-index originates from the assumption that the number of citations received by a scientist is a better indicator of the relevance of his or her work than the number of papers he or she publishes or the journals where they are published.	1
To build the analytical model, the statistics of the nine most popular and reputable GURs were used: Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) (2003–2019), National Taiwan University Ranking (NTU) (2007–2019), Quacquarelli Symonds (QS) (2010–2020), SCImago Institution Rankings (SIR) (2009–2020), Round University Ranking (RUR) (2010–2019), Times Higher Education (THE) (2011–2020), Center for World University Rankings (CWUR) (2012–2019), CWTS Leiden Ranking (LR) (2012–2019), and Worldwide Professional University Ranking (RankPRO) (2014–2019).	2
Author = 1 (if a single-author publication), = 0 (if not).	0
Specifically, we address the question of the relative importance of developing new technologies versus combining new and/or existing technologies as drivers of invention.	1
In all configurations, active international collaboration before mobility is always a core condition and boosts scholars’ performance after mobility.	4
The mean of the subject clusters was statistically compared using a pairwise Wilcox test [33,34].	3
Based on the basic point of spatial conflict, spatial conflict is categorized into spatial complexity ( SC ), spatial vulnerability ( SV) and spatial stability ( SS).	3
Our data on individuals were enhanced by organisational characteristics from the annual performance monitoring of HEIs conducted by the Ministry of Education and Science (Monitoring Effektivnosti Organizatsii Vedushchikh Obrazovatel’nuyu Deyatel'nost').	2
We focus on the metrics suggested for assessment and newer metrics that capture additional dimensions of performance.	1
The current set-up, which for the most part consists of Google, Google Scholar, Scopus, Web of Science (not so much the latter two in the cases of USA and UK ECRs), and for the life and medical sciences - PubMed.	4
Second, the operationalisation of our proposed measure is consistent with the betweenness centrality in a directed network (Borgatti and Everett 2006; Freeman 1979).	5
We conduct an international survey among researchers (N=3,304) to measure the willingness and motivations to use (or not use) scholarly piracy sites, and other alternatives to overcome a paywall such as paying with their own money, institutional loans, just reading the abstract, asking the corresponding author for a copy of the document, asking a colleague to get the document for them, or searching for an OA version of the paper.	1
All data, code, and materials used in the analysis are hosted on OSF.	0
However, women were more likely to agree to invitations to review than men, and women took longer to complete their reviews than did men.	5
For each paper in a publication set of a scientist, one searches for all the papers that were published in the same field and in the same publication year.	2
Finally, we apply the Louvain method [17] with the python package python-louvain to find the research field in the keyword network.	3
This finding suggests that a larger geographical reach of research collaboration should be aimed for to support high-impact science.	5
Can we detect a usage bias towards highly cited publications (in terms of correlations) in the large BibSonomy corpus that spans various disciplines and contains publications of different quality?	1
Junior scholars, who hold relatively less powerful positions in academia, may get opportunities of co-authored articles at the expense of unfair treatment and negative experiences.	5
The final dataset for this expanded study includes 38 publishers and 617 OPR journals as of December 2019.	2
A sample of 39,985 posts about 24,779 publications were extracted from PubPeer in 2019 and 2020.	2
It is curious to find that these words were written by Barnaby Rich .	0
First, at the level of the 'Multidisciplinary Sciences' category, we aim i) to determine if the representation of the different branches and areas of knowledge in multidisciplinary journals is proportional to the null expectations indicating multidisciplinarity.	1
Our analysis shows that small-size comparisons are most popular in international comparative higher education research; they have by far the greatest share among all compared.	4
Thus, the higher the social proximity between claimant and evaluator, the higher the willingness of the claimant to share tacit knowledge and other resources with the evaluator, the higher the probability that the evaluator will replicate the claim in subsequent claims.	4
In addition to child health investigators who received NIH institutional support through the CTSA consortium, 14/32 (44%) of responding institutions reported that their institution was also using non-NIH funds to support additional K-type positions.	4
The citations revealed that ecology was the most representative journal and subject category.	4
Before black swans were discovered in Australia, Europeans believed that all swans were white.	0
Other nonparametric tests examined whether organizations with coleaders publish more and better papers than organizations without coleaders.	3
The following Scopus categories were selected: Agricultural and Biological Sciences; Business, Management and Accounting; Decision Sciences; Pharmacology, Toxicology and Pharmaceutics; and Social Sciences.	2
Contrary to interdisciplinarity being depicted as highly desirable, it turns out to be a relatively marginal phenomenon, only growing slowly over the last 50 years.	4
Median personal subscription for 1 year was $344 (range, $60- $1158; 48 journals).	4
For all data storage, statistics, and graphs we used Prism (GraphPad, Sorrento Valley, USA).	0
The overarching purpose of this study is to develop and validate a measure that can be used to understand perceptions of competence within and between scientific disciplines.	1
Using the opening of SSRF in 2009 as a quasi-natural experiment, our DID estimations reveal that SSRF has significantly enhanced the percentage of high-impact national publications within the total number of discipline-level publications.	3
Centre for Science, Technology, Energy and Environmental Policy, Science Policy Research Unit,	0
List of Iranian journals in ISI indexed system with known impact factor (2007-2010).	0
Our search yielded 426 unique, active peer-reviewed journals with accessible websites (full listing in Appendix 1).	2
The academic citations per article on GS and Sc were positively correlated with the AAS.	4
That is, impact is an intensive property that cannot be fractionalized, while papers and citations are extensive properties that are fractionalized.	3
(4) What is the geographical distribution of the research?	1
The author name ambiguity problem is classified by Shin et al. (2014) into two categories: “the namesake problem,” which pertains to identical names, and "the heteronymous name problem" (15), which relates to the use of different names by the same researcher.	4
Following Shen and Barabási (2014) and a prior study (Min et al., 2018), we collect 116 Nobel Prize breakthroughs, construct the prize-winning papers as breakthrough papers (Nobel group hereafter), and assign to a control group counterpart papers that were published in the same journal, in the same year, having received approximately equivalent citation counts.	2
Of the 3 439 academic staff, 1 085 were randomly selected to participate in the quantitative study.	2
We estimate the productivity regressions by Poisson Quasi-Maximum Likelihood and the career regressions by probit.	3
The total number of publications contributed by the region was 133638 (Mean ± SD: 22273 ± 26302.20); citable documents 127739 (Mean ± SD: 21289.83 ±25241.22); self-citations 105,716 (Mean ± SD: 17619.33 ± 23328.44); total citations 756141 (Mean ± SD: 126023.5 ± 143260.95) and citations per documents 33.22 (Mean ± SD: 5.53 ± 1.09).	4
The correlation is stronger for fully OA journals (i.e.	4
In other words, for a given author we count the number of his scientific papers, which belong to the class of ‘known papers’—they have gained more citations, than the number of items in the list of references in this article.	0
In the first phase, the number of variables was reduced using cross-correlation & MLR, and a down selected set of input variables was obtained.	3
We surveyed the FAP policies of Taiwan's medical schools and identified an overreliance on the CJA score (manuscript Category, Journal quality, and Author order).	1
It uses reference publication year spectroscopy (RPYS) and some other measures to identify historical roots (Kostoff & Shlesinger, 2005; Marx et al., 2014; de Solla Price, 1963).	3
(2015), with the paper's citations history being compared to a referenced line determined by its publication year, the maximum number of citations received in 1 year (Ctm = 75), and the year when this maximum was achieved (tm = 1984): B = 409.5.	4
We used a combination of key terms, and MeSH and EMTREE index terms, relating to retraction, combined with Covid-19 terms from published Covid-19 search strings (the EPPI Centre's Covid-19 living systematic map of the evidence [46] search strategy for Medline; and a modified version of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Library search string for Covid-19 for Scopus [47]).	3
According to the journals indexed in the WoS bibliographic database, Brazil has contributed, in the last 30 years, to 4.1% of the scientific research on soil science worldwide.	5
The SBM fitting procedures are principled methods that can be used to find hierarchical grouping of journals that show similar incoming and outgoing citations patterns.	3
On the basis of this procedure 19,247 e-mail domains, each occurring at least ten times were obtained and labeled.	3
This PR is between 8 and 9 citations in Table 4.	0
Using the Scopus database, two authors searched electronic and print versions of these journals to determine the 100 most-cited articles.	2
Maps were created using VOSviewer, a software tool for constructing and visualizing bibliometric networks (Van Eck & Waltman, 2010).	3
This bibliometric analysis offered valuable perspectives into Al's role in Oncology research, shedding light on emerging research paths.	5
We used the CRExplorer with the script in Listing 1 to import the WoS data into CRExplorer, cluster equivalent cited references automatically with the Levenshtein threshold of 0.75 taking into account volume and page number, and merge them.	3
Competing interest The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
In this paper we investigate the practices and capacities that define successful societal interaction of research groups with stakeholders in mutually beneficial processes.	1
The Article Impact Report, or AIR, was intended to be a spinoff of Research Impact Reports, being geared toward demonstrating impact of a singular publication as opposed to a whole body of scholarship.	3
We obtained the number of citations based on data from Opencitations.org in order to derive the target variable for the classification model.	2
In the process of analyzing the output of the topic model as well as subsequent clustering efforts, we have identified 17 separate thematic clusters that together constitute the field of marine biodiversity according to the bibliometric data obtained from Web of Science Core Collection from 1990 until 2018.	4
The collaboration between institutions is not uniform, with 6% of the top institutions accounting for 90% of the collaboration weights in the network, illustrating that a small number of institutions dominate the research.	4
The specific research questions of this study were: What is the current number of predatory journals (both active and empty)?	1
The findings of this study point to a number of push and pull factors associated with incentive scheme policies, resulting in inclusion and exclusion concerns, equity and inequity issues, and rising apprehension over the impact on academic culture.	5
The only factors associated with publication in the multivariable analysis were planned career in academic medicine (aOR 5.62 95%CI [1.84–17.19]) and the prospective study design of the research project (aOR 6.1 95%CI[1.24-29.56]).	4
We thus hypothesize that after receiving an explanation of preprints and their lack of peer review, nonscientists would perceive preprints as less credible than peer-reviewed articles (Hypothesis 2).	1
The data confirms that researchers see little value in the institutional repository.	4
Summative ratings of internal applicants remain significantly higher, by about 3 points, even when accounting for measures of teacher qualifications: previous teaching experience or state licensure scores (WEST-B).	4
We used two types of linear regression models: ordinary linear regression and lasso regression.	3
Differences in output between subgroups stratified by gender and academic leadership positions (associate professor or professor) were measured using Wilcoxon rank-sum and one-way ANOVA tests.	3
Incidence and growth rates varied widely across journals and were themselves uncorrelated.	4
A total of 40 670 papers were identified in the field of PET between 2007 and 2016.	4
The top five countries were the United States (3664/ 11,590; 31.61%), the United Kingdom (1072/ 11,590; 9.25%), Germany (876/11,590; 7.56%), China (724/11,590; 6.25%), and Canada (593/11,590; 5.12%) (Table 2).	4
Findings showed that 254 journals (70.8%) and 333 journals (92.8%) included English-language abstracts and keywords in their articles respectively.	4
By conducting co-occurrence analysis on keywords, we obtained a network consists of platform innovation, platform competition, platform strategy, platform architecture, platform technology and new types of platforms six clusters.	3
The selection was based on the position that journals occupied in the 2002 Science edition of JCR.	2
The formula hww is “universal” in the sense that it gives a proxy representation of h that holds for any given journal and any dataset.	5
The two corresponding categories in WoS are named “Public, Environmental and Occupational Health" and “Research and Experimental Medicine”.	2
Situating an array of JJSDS in the context of a single independent variable linear regression, the slope can be obtained.	3
In this article, we argued that research funding plays an important role in shaping scientific collaborations between the North and the South, which is why we need to learn more about the discursive structures that influence funders' perspectives.	5
Our analyses show that the DSM's citation patterns vary across versions.	5
But once we accept that making the perfect reference list is not possible, three heuristic rules will help us get close to it:	5
The studied model, expressed by equation (2), incorporates the following variables: RENPEN, representing the renewable energy penetration ratio based on consumption; OFDI, denoting Outward Foreign Direct Investment; GT, indicating the ratio of renewable energy consumption to fossil fuel resources; GDPpc, representing the gross domestic product per capita; URB, representing the percentage of the population residing in urban areas; Pop, denoting the population; and ERT, representing the number of patents for environmentally related technologies.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
The results were recorded by publication year and downloaded into a spreadsheet using software (Microsoft Excel, Office 2007) to analyze the data.	0
In the second citation analysis, we selected three seed articles, representing a balanced cross-section of foundational works in the area, and generated a list of 373 articles that cite to the seed articles.	2
This study therefore uses the frequency with which scientists' names appear in English language books between 1800 and 2000 to trace the fame of a large number of eminent scholars from different fields.	1
Of those who responded to the reproducibility of the result, about 52% reported that they were “able to precisely reproduce the main results" and only 13% reported that they were "not able to approximately reproduce the main results.”	4
After identifying the five most popular predatory journals in the field of economic and management sciences, we visited the archives of those journals and captured data about the characteristics of each published article; for example, the publication year, title, author name/s and their affiliation/s).	3
The theory of planned behavior (TPB) was adopted in this study, The TPB, according to Stone et al.	3
Because this paper reveals underlying patterns in scientific outputs, research subjects and academic collaboration, it may serve as a summary of global research history on Antarctica and a potential basis for future research.	5
To this purpose, we are using Garfield's Impact Factor and applying this indicator for countries instead of journals.	1
The investigation of the three aspects just mentioned will rely on information collected on 1385 staff members active within 64 distinct departments in the following fields of social science: marketing, political science and sociology.	2
Based on four compelling axioms and a fifth debatable one, Perry and Reny (2016) show that any citation index satisfying the axioms must be equivalent to their proposed index (which they call the Euclidean Index) that assigns any citation list, (X1, ..., xn), the number [Σ(x_i^2)]^1/2.	3
Percentage of collaboration was calculated using the formula given by Valenciano Valcárcel et al.	3
Our findings suggest ways to examine the editorial process in relatively similar journals without recurring to in-depth individual data, which are rarely available from scholarly journals.	5
The criterion for including a journal in the ranking is that at least five papers published (or forthcoming) in the journal were submitted to the REF.	2
By relating the DOls registered at CrossRef and those cached at LibGen, this study reveals that 36% of all DOI articles are available for free at LibGen.	4
We address a more fundamental question: Is there a linear hierarchy within journals?	1
When IW converges, it can be considered as a proxy for the quality of the journal's performance in the relevant network (Pinski & Narin, 1976; Price, 1981b).	5
In terms of the degree centrality of the countries, Chile is the country with the most direct connections within Latin America (eleven), followed by Mexico and Argentina with eight direct connections each.	4
For this purpose, all the publications from the years 2010 to 2016 assigned to categories 'Education and Educational Research', 'Education, Scientific Disciplines' and 'Education, Special' were downloaded and analysed by the end of February 2018.	2
Across all years (1972–2011), 123,881 records provide evidence of engagement with research synthesis.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2002 593	0
Data generated from the repositories also include number of records in the repositories, contents of the repositories, archiving software used and date of registering the repositories.	2
Acknowledgements This research is financially supported by research Grants from the National Social Science Foundation of China (Grant No.	0
The citation impact of each article was calculated by log-transforming it with log(1 + x) to reduce skewing, then dividing it by the average of the log-transformed citation counts of all articles in the same Scopus narrow field and year.	3
Our analyses show that underrepresented groups produce higher rates of scientific novelty.	4
Supporting fellow librarians as they endeavor to successfully publish was a primary goal of the Research and Publishing Committee.	5
The modules include Schema Generation Engine (SGE), (2) Data Extraction Engine (DEE), (3) Data Mapping Engine (DME), and Mapping View Engine (MVE).	3
The GS metrics for tourism, hospitality and events scholars based in Australia and NZ were collected in September and October 2016 using Harzing's (2007) Publish or Perish software.	3
The Teseo database was used to demarcate the area of study, which provides different information on doctoral theses read in Spain.	2
The h-index and all h(k) indices satisfy properties (WA) and (GG).	4
Note that the data for the final year (2011) was incomplete at the time of this research and will not be taken into account (i.e., 2011 data will be omitted) in trends involving absolute quantities.	0
2, we observe that the PA model fails to bring out the proportion of each category.	4
Second, we explore the relationship between mobility and scientific activity and impact.	1
We analyzed the data, paying attention to the three dimensions described above.	3
The order of submission is imputed from the manuscript ID and the day of submission.	3
Some journals, for instance, may rank low here if they are more "open-minded" in citing data and theories considered in the other social sciences (and hence appearing in articles published in non-core journals).	0
In this work we choose the interdisciplinary field of “evolution of cooperation” (EOC) as the subject of inquiry and examine the structure and evolution of the co-authorship network of this specific research field.	2
Q1: What are the critical instances of inadequate and omitted citations in research manuscripts submitted for review in journals and conferences?	1
It also allows for an analysis of university performance in their current (2008) configurations.	0
These reflect restrictive guidelines that may be relics of the print era when physical page limits existed and are not optimized to increase the discoverability of studies in the rapidly expanding landscape of digital publications.	5
Many SBs become highly cited publications, they even belong to the top-10 to 20% most cited publications in their field.	4
We will identify the skills and traits characterizing talent and categorize them as one of the three types of capital (see Table 3).	3
Given our findings, we contend that careful attention to the full conditional distribution of scientific quality can and should be a focus in scientometrics research.	5
A list of editorial board members was generated by accessing the various journals' websites.	2
More specifically, we aimed at: (i) identifying trends in scientific publication outputs, and number of publications published by journals, countries and research institutions; (ii) providing a general field overview by visualizing main research areas, their relations and how they developed over time; (iii) identifying the most cited terms.	1
Response rates were 63.9% (1,849/2,893) in 2000 and 40.8% (1,165/2,853) in 2013.	4
Between January 1993 and August 2017, which journals in the SSCI were articles on institutional repositories most frequently published in?	1
We thank Professors Liang Liming (Henan Normal University, Xinxiang) and Jin Bihui (DICCAS, Beijing) for their support and hospitality.	0
We have obtained access to two large sources of full text scientific articles that are available in machine readable form – the PubMed Central Open Access Subset (PMCOA) and full text from Elsevier (ELS) journals.	2
We restricted our author list to include only authors who have published recently (most recent publication within the citation network no older than 2017) and to those who authored or co-authored at least 100 papers within the citation network (i.e., 100 papers with at least one citation to or from the paper).	2
Finally, OSI_2.0 includes the three items that make up the Cognitive Reflection Test (Frederick 2005).	3
The general objectives are: to determine whether young people in Spain have received training in this information literacy competence; to identify young people's self-perception of their internet search strategies; to identify their internet search competencies (skills and abilities).	1
The NIH REPORTER website (http://projectreporter.nih.gov) was searched for awards to neurological surgery departments during the fiscal years available on this online database.	2
Consistent with procedures from similar studies (Sacco et al., 2018, 2019), we recruited participants from a listserv comprising federally funded research scientists from the National Institutes of Health and National Science Foundation from public lists of grant recipients.	2
The logic the keyword-based method employs can be described as a basket of keywords (BOK).	3
As such, it contributes to understanding gathered through other earlier studies that have focussed on specific discipline or journal communities, and, more specifically, offers some insights into attitudes towards OAP amongst medicine and health science academics, in respect of their OA behaviour, views on OA, and differences on the basis of gender and publishing experience.	5
Raw publishing data from 2001 to 2020 were obtained from PubMed (https://pubmed .ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/).	2
It offers a critical sociological analysis of the transformational effects of this performance management 'innovation' on the research praxis of such disciplinary communities.	1
For each preprint, except three posted at arXiv, the number of views and downloads to April 5, 2022 are also displayed.	2
The main objective of this paper is to study the development and growth of scientific literature on women in science and higher education.	1
This study analyzes collaboration networks present in the Brazilian scientific output in Evolutionary Biology, considering papers published from 2000 to 2012 in journals indexed by Web of Science (WoS).	1
The list of subject areas and their categories can be consulted in Appendix A.	0
The study examines the co-authoring behaviors of 412 Vietnamese social scientists over the 2008–2017 period via social network analysis to determine if these researchers have formed sustainable scientific communities, using Scopus data.	1
The analysis revealed notable international student mobility between China and the USA.	5
Therefore, the ISSN-Gold-OA 3.0 list (Bruns et al., 2019) I used which merges DOAJ, PubMed Central journal lists and the Directory of Open Access Scholarly Resources (ROAD) for the identification of Gold OA journals.	2
We identified 2877 peer-reviewed English language publications of potential relevance within the SCOPUS database, within all journals contained in the database, using the following query on May 15, 2019:	2
For universities to implement this type of research into their strategies it will be imperative to support, train, and develop ECRs.	5
Inefficient diversification strategies by universities translate into inefficient research systems at national level.	5
Purpose - The recent proliferation of preprints could be a way for researchers worldwide to increase the availability and visibility of their research findings.	1
Second, this empirical study also employs a linear dynamic panel model with system GMM (generalized method of moments) estimators in Model 7, in which the instrumental variables are the lagged explanatory variables.	3
Using the world's largest bibliometric database (Scopus), we reviewed research productivity in the UAE (1998-2017) in various disciplines and normalized it to population size and gross domestic product.	2
2018) to fields such as internal medicine (Schoffel et al.	3
Intriguingly, this positive net effect was maintained for a substantial period even after his fame was ruined due to the discovery of his fraudulent research.	4
Some of this information (patent number, the title, the assignee and the date granted) is available in Table 8 in “Appendix 3” section.	0
The top 20 cited book reviews were retrieved from WoS for publication year 2008 in four different WoK research areas; chemistry, mathematics, psychology and history and three WoS subject areas; literature, biology, and political science.	2
Considering the influence of journal features on papers' impact, the above phenomena together raise an interesting question, that is, when the papers are not published in their own disciplinary journals, how does their academic impact compare with those published in journals of their own disciplines?	1
Such a reexamination of the data should help to clarify APA's relationship to the many informa- tion media involved in the communication process which begins with research and ends with the in- corporation of research findings into psychological knowledge.	0
We excluded from our analysis all temporary, part-time, adjunct, emeritus, and nontenure-earning faculties (Barner et al., 2015).	2
Finally, marking an important trend shift, the most discussed topics during the Technology Period (2015-2020) have been Loyalty, Impact, Technology Acceptance Model, Mobile Banking and Commitment.	4
Quite surprisingly, mean scores received from grant review experts show almost zero correlation to later publication activity (see Fig.	4
The data on government financial support were taken from the Ministry of Science and Education web site (http://public.mzos.hr/Default.aspx?art=15180&sec=3804) and all other data were collected from the Hr?ak repository.	2
Over 110 countries contributed to chemical engineering articles in 2012.	4
The main reason for participants to become friends on ASNSs was “Following current studies" (43, 53.8%), followed by “Following academicians from the same field” (28, 35.0%).	4
Similarly, because the formula to calculate the CiteScoreJ(Y) includes more items representing the number of citations received by J(Y-3), the impact of J(Y-3) influences the CiteScore of J in Y more strongly than the impacts of J(Y-2), J(Y ?	5
The program published 7 articles and presented 12 abstracts at major international neurosurgical meetings.	4
We define a paper's citation percentile as its percentile ranking by citations among all papers published in the same year within our set of journals.	3
To conclude, this study has revealed the picture of a scientific field organized around three main strategies to conceive sustainability science research (each strategy paired with a corresponding type of journal): sustainability science as a field of its own and, in particular, as the science of sustainable socio-ecological systems; this field as concerned with the subject of sustainability more broadly conceived; and as a specialty within other fields, that is, as the study of sustainability issues and their potential solutions from the perspective of green chemistry, renewable energy, and other sciences with their already established disciplinary status.	5
The world's universities' web-citation network had over 9,600,000 links among the universities.	4
Through the analysis and interpretation of empirical datasets, this research finds that there is a positive correlation between the interdisciplinarity of scientific publications and the attention they receive from policy documents in almost all fields.	4
FIGURE 2 | Citations per publication in 2019 and 2020 disaggregated regionally (Africa, 2021).	0
In addition, we compare these similarities with the level of the contribution of the author to the essential activities for the development of the published research, also by their position in the by-line.	3
The views and opinions expressed in this paper are the authors' and do not necessarily represent those of the Joint Research Center or the European Commission.	0
The number of PSs in 1996 and 2016 were 4930 (2.1% of all physicians) and 5212 (1.6%), respectively.	2
Does it vary across China and other countries?	1
However, in low-density networks, Association Strength is orthogonal to Pearson, while lacking a clear correlation with Jaccard, Salton, and Dice-Sorensen.	5
All content following this page was uploaded by Manuel Goyanes on 20 January 2023.	0
The implications of applying the funnel plot methodology to the assessment of research performance seem relevant to the policy and decision-making levels.	5
The first factor, Perception of incentives for training (a=.764), consisted of four items related to the training and updating of researchers.	4
To discover the most important and effective Altmetric factors in contemporary dental literature, a multi-layered perceptron artificial neural network was used.	3
To cite this document: Xingchen Li, Qiang Wu, Nan Zhang, (2017) "Citation personal display: A case study of personal websites by physicists in 11 well-known universities", Journal of Documentation, Vol.	0
= μ2) to illustrate the result that publications with an institutional e-mail address receive a different, an obviously higher, number of citations than those with a non-institutional e-mail address.	3
Significant differences existed in indicators related to research influence, namely average influence, average h-index, and average number of highly cited publications.	4
Here we use Pajek software for network analysis and visualization, as shown in Fig.	3
We corrected the standard errors using a quasi-GLM model where the variance is given by Y × μ, μ is the mean, and I is the dispersion parameter (Zuur et al., 2019).	3
The number of most frequently cited hosts is small, but these account for a large proportion of the number of Web citations.	0
News & World Report (USN&WR 2010) survey of criminology doctoral programs.	2
Hence, there is no overlap of clusters and there are no publications without a cluster assignment.	0
Using the recursive formulation of the logistic equation (Eq.	4
Considering only Google Code software cited by academic articles, do download counts have a positive correlation with citation counts?	1
In conclusion, is there anything else we haven’t discussed that you wish we had?	0
Those predictors with a significance of p <0.2 underwent multivariate analysis using linear regression model.	3
Details of the evolution, present coverage and shortcomings of these publications are given by Davinsons and to some degree by Urquhart.	0
This study was composed of all original scientific research articles from 3 hand surgery journals, the Journal of Hand Surgery, the Journal of Hand Surgery European Volume, and HAND, published from January 2018 to March 2019.	2
This work suggests that, even when considering research methods and demographic backgrounds, academic organizations engage in varied practices of research evaluation by assigning differential value to types of published work, a phenomenon construed informally but not often demonstrated by empirical means.	5
We focus on the following two research questions (RQ):	1
The empirical experiments show that the prediction accuracy of our proposed model can reach 88% for the instant prediction of citation.	4
We focus our argument on the transformation of the organization and economics of academic publishing and quality assurance platforms such as Web of Science (WoS) and Scopus.	3
It is an astonishing fact that, as Fig.	4
theses in the years from 2007 to 2016 in any of the Slovenian doctoral programs.	2
Our analyses reveal the “mission-oriented” characteristic of government agencies in fueling exploratory innovation.	5
The abstracts of all articles published in these 15 journals between January 2010 and December 2014 were screened via the journals' websites.	2
However, one can formally quantify the diversity of a community (e.g., an assemblage of editors) using a suite of indices derived from information theory.	3
Next, data of scientific tweets are retrieved from the Altmetric.com dataset of June 2016, by matching DOI and title using a Python program.	2
It also provides maps of keyword co-occurrence to produce a conceptual framework of academic innovation policy research.	3
Social Studies of Science (SAGE, London, Beverly Hills and New Delhi), Vol.	0
The numbers of articles, citations, authors, institutions, and journals were analyzed and subjected to quantitative and qualitative comparisons.	3
In a total of 121 journals, 1,311,851 articles were published between 1945 and 2013, of which 1,287 (0.1%) possessed 250 citations or more.	2
This paper focuses on the interpretation of scientific non-patent references (SNPRs), i.e.	1
Looking at their most common search strategy, the data reveal that their main search engine is Google (98.5%), with a small overlap with other search engines: 4% of Google users also use Bing, 6.2% also use Yahoo, and 8.7% also employ other search engines.	4
To demonstrate a strategy employed by predatory publishers to trap eager-to-publish authors or researchers into submitting their work.	1
The SEM fit indices for Dataset 1 were acceptable (CFI and TLI) to excellent (RMSEA, SRMR, and ?) which suggests adequate fit of the EOB to the inventor data (see Table 3).	4
The data was gathered through Publons' API from January 26, 2020, to January 29, 2020.	2
The highest total number of article citations occurred with PubChem (i.e.	4
All articles appearing in the selected journals between 2013 and 2015 were downloaded from the Web of Science database (WoS).	2
Here, we draw upon academic perceptions of impact set in motion in the UK during the 1970s, we critique the underlying assumption that impact is new.	1
One of the objectives of this study is to correct the disciplinary differences of the JIF, enabling the adjusted impact factor to be suitably employed in the assessment of journals spanning various fields.	1
In this study, we shall restrict attention to the 47 subject areas, slightly different from the taxonomy used in the Shanghai Rankings.	1
Other quantitative journal indicators such as circulation figures or article download numbers are not discussed here.	0
All authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.	0
The authors also found that the topic similarity between using full-text paper and corresponding abstract is higher when more documents are analyzed.	4
He has contributed 390 writings since 1964 to 2018, i.e.	4
Researchers from low- and middle-income countries have limited access to publishing and editing resources.	1
Shashok for improving the use of English in the manuscript and for her suggestions.	0
The Euclidean index is simply the Euclidean length of an individual's citation list.	3
312 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—February 15, 2002	0
1A): the concentration grows throughout the period, except in the mid-1990s, when the concentration falls back to the level of the mid-1980s, and then, by the mid-2000s, it resets to the initial trend.	4
To retrieve all the relevant information, we created a spreadsheet for each journal.	3
Our major finding is that the Polish system of academic promotion does not seem to be entirely based on merit; rather, interpersonal connections appear to be much at play.	5
This analysis quantifies the risk of error when inferring contributions from author order and shows how this risk increases with team size and for certain types of authors.	1
These findings are indicative of developments in the field.	5
Even though there is a rich discussion in the literature about co-authorship practices, many of the existing studies do not offer a dynamic picture of co-authorship patterns and experiences across disciplines.	1
In this context, the purpose of this paper is to explore the scientific production on green energy, the foundation on which rests the emergence of new public policies and new business shifts towards sustainability.	1
Journal metrics were obtained from reputable indexing sources including the Journal Citation Reports (JCR), Scimago Journal Rankings (SJR), and Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ).	3
There were 482 members by the end of 2008, and 1,272 members by the end of 2011.	2
Their results revealed that “the concept of traditional [research] output is present in 90%” of the documents they examined across a variety of types of institutions, from bachelor's-degree-granting to high-research-output institutions.	4
However, this is not where the story ends because it can be argued that it is unreasonable to expect different ranking institutions to have the same number of journals in each rank.	0
Quality-Quantity Rationality (QQR): If the n-dimensional vector x with xk ≥ k, then f(x) ≥ k, where k ≤ n.	3
We integrate the EUMIDA data, in particular the DC 2 dataset, with the Scimago data (SIR World Report 2011, period analyzed 2005-2009) that include institutions having published at least 100 scientific documents of any type, that is, articles, reviews, short reviews, letters, conference papers, etc., during the period 2005–2009 as collected by Scopus database.	2
There is a need for improving editorial policies and research integrity policies based on current recommendations by leading organizations in the field of scientific publishing.	5
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
We then divided the raw citation numbers of HCPs with the Highly Cited Thresholds in the corresponding year to obtain the normalized citations for each HCP.	3
was a speaker for TEVA and MEDA on their Speakers Bureau (not related to current subject).	0
In order to perform the comparison of faculty valuations to bibliometric valuations, we needed to: 1.	3
The originality scores and their averages of the Research Topics, Research Methods and Research Results each year are shown in Fig.	4
Therefore, the primary objective of this study was to determine the research performance of the SEA countries in the field of dementia.	1
For the analysis, research articles with at least two precise dates were included: date of receipt, date of acceptance, or online publication date.	2
On aggregate, when we control for AI paper production over time, we observe decreasing reference strength towards Al from all external academic fields.	4
The research groups utilized the benefits of pooling academic knowledge and skills with other types of expertise for mutual gain.	4
O perfil e produ??o científica dos PQ do CNPq na área da Fisioterapia se destacam nos seus indicadores, pois os números s?o bastante promissores para uma área profissional relativamente nova no cenário nacional e internacional.	5
SAGES database was examined for involvement within the society.	2
A separate study on the use of federal statistics in scholarly research will compare altmetrics to traditional citation analysis.	5
The average number of citations in PubMed per program director was 2.36 per year.	4
Error severity was categorized as trivial, minor, or major, based on the magnitude of their impact on outcomes or their interpretation by the reader.	3
Graph 2 demonstrates the number of self-citations before and after retraction.	0
The Spearman correlations show that values of 0.3, 0.5, 0.7 and 0.9 for p all yield fairly similar rankings of publications in terms of intermediacy.	4
This paper proposed two new criteria for sleeping beauties in science.	5
In conclusion, our results provide empirical support for the idea that the key drivers of scientific mobility (including return and temporary movements) are not purely economic.	5
We use the Gini coefficient to measure inequality in citation distributions.	3
The strengths of both the Leiden and Scimago (below) rankings are materiality, objectivity, and externality.	4
The authors declare that they have no competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
And what is the difference between them according to time delay and number of posts?	1
These results confirm the need for research institutions to develop a comprehensive RI plan that integrates RI education into the research endeavor (National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine 2017; Mejlgaard et al.	5
Social Science Information (SAGE, London, Newbury Park and New Delhi), 31, 2 (1992), pp.	0
The database identifies the career contributions of nearly 7 million scientists worldwide who published at least 5 articles, reviews, or conference papers and were cited since 1996.	2
When compared with the self-focused data, the results of lack_of_fit from geometric, A-index, and harmonic are 0.0532, 0.0520, and 0.0099, respectively, and F&O (α=2, β=1) obtains the best result at 0.0012.	4
In contrast to the situation in the Netherlands, the current Italian research evaluation framework has not led to the development of a professional jurisdiction of bibliometrics.	4
Differences in bibliometric indicators are of relevance to avoid unwanted bias when conducting between- and within-discipline comparisons of articles, journals, and researchers.	5
Vertical lines indicate every fifth boundary of the standard 100 percentile intervals.	0
One notes that the top journals have remained in about the same position from 1976 to 2004 while their rankings slightly varied.	0
In order to address this gap, we set out to generate an in-depth understanding of the peer-review process with the aim of capturing social aspects that underpin or influence the process.	1
Additionally, this research visualized the map of science citations based on the co-citation frequency matrix (the journal-to-journal co-citation frequency matrix) by using a network visualization tool, VOSviewer (Van Eck and Waltman 2010).	3
To identify the most influential papers, we ranked all the HCPs by the Relative Citation Rate (RCR), a new metric that uses citation rates to measure influence at the paper level [27].	3
We performed a co-authorship network analysis among countries to delineate the research organization's properties and the bibliometric units' influence, allowing the intellectual structure of the discipline occurring on marine mammal research to be defined (Peters & Van Raan 1991).	3
In quantitative terms, the top subject areas have to do with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases (including aortic valve stenosis and stroke), dementia, and neoplasms.	5
MDS has been used to plot and identify proximity between keywords.	3
VOSviewer [11] is a bibliometric visualization software developed by Van Eck and Waltman in 2010 (freely available at http://www.vosviewer.com).	3
There is growing evidence that this meso-level, between micro targets of typical IR and large disciplines handled by macro-level bibliometric studies, takes full advantage of hybrid approaches.	4
However, steep growth in research appeared between 2012 and 2016.	4
I filtered this database down to 644 researchers who mentioned ‘Biological Sciences’ as one of their primary disciplines (Supplementary table 1).	2
The ERC benchmark aims to measure the quality of a fact-checking system by comparing its output to a test collection.	3
In terms of discipline, the clearest effect sizes are seen for the social sciences, health and medical sciences, and multidisciplinary sciences.	4
The study will identify trends in cancer research publications and the extent to which cancer research is aligned to the local burden of disease.	1
Which domain of social sciences have been majorly discussed in COVID 19 related research from 2020 to mid-2021?	1
The comparison of these rankings demonstrates that there are strong bonds to Germany as neighboring country and also to the US which represent the most active nation concerning research and development from a global perspective.	5
These findings suggest that a broader integration of different thematic areas may be linked more to path-dependent and contextual characteristics than to differences related to the development stage of higher education systems.	5
Whereas the number of publications quantifies productivity, the number of citations usually measures influence.	3
We consider a set of 27 academic job openings at the level of Associado and Catedrático at Portuguese universities, knowing the final decisions made by peers (the ranking of candidates for each opening).	2
To test this hypothesis, we assessed the AAS for articles published in six plastic surgery journals in 2016 and evaluated the correlation between AAS and the conventional citation counts.	1
Lower income countries form smaller, more independent and evolving clusters, and differ significantly from each other and from higher income countries in the relative importance of their research emphases.	4
For all publication types, the mean author number per publication significantly increased over the last two decades from 3.99 to 6.25 (+57%, p<0.0001) following a linear trend (r2=0.99) with an average relative increase of 2.28% per year.	4
Traditional citations were higher for articles with imaging vs nonimaging content (11.5 ± 16.2 vs 6.9 ± 9.8, P < 0.001), but Altmetric scores were higher in articles with nonimaging content (5.1 ± 11.1 vs 2.8 ± 13.7, P = 0.006).	4
Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Table 1 Some research councils and agencies in France and their acronyms	0
Factors influencing the number of results returned for a search (hypothetical figures, but note the logarithmic scale).	0
Another important implication of this study is that naming practice and its impact on name disambiguation should be studied with special care by bibliometric scholars.	5
From 2,043 information sources, 138 (7%) indicated funding support, mostly by Australasian (China, Japan and Australia), United States, and Europe countries' agencies.	4
In Section 2, the basic features of and the rationale for the adopted framework are elaborated.	0
A text-based heuristic was used to match articles to the Scopus classifications to help estimate the field(s) in which the hosting journal publishes and then define the journal's type based on this (i.e., column 3 in Table 1).	3
Based on the equations of Integration Score and Diffusion Score (Wang et al.	3
We have attempted to assess the elements of an ideal-typical story wall summarizing the success factors for publishing a team's interdisciplinary efforts.	5
This citation behavior may relate to the better establishment of this type of journal in the ethnobiology field, which also had articles with a lower citation rate of gray literature.	5
This paper introduced, exemplified, and examined the scalability of a database-tool infrastructure for big Sci2 studies.	5
The results show that the research on the discourse power evaluation for academic journals based on the theory, method and application logic is practical, comprehensive and reliable.	4
In this work, we proposed a 2-dimensional gALM, which captures the impact and popularity of papers from scientific and social aspects thus providing an intuitive comparison of large-scale papers.	5
We attribute this effect to the universal difficulties of restarting a research group at a new institution.	0
This study suggests that university and governmental policy-makers need to understand the differences between academic generations in the factors that motivate their knowledge transfer and the strategies they adopt for career development.	5
we also identified that environment statements that contained a lot of disciplinary-specific language tended to score higher than those which did not, although this effect was stronger for medical and biological disciplines, and weaker for the arts and humanities.	4
Grant allocation mechanisms interact with promotion mechanism leading to quite different personnel dynamics depending if the grant allocation is systematic but biased or if the allocation is unbiased but has significant inherent randomness.	5
Keywords: open access, open scholarship, open education, educational technology research, gold open access, publishing	0
We have collected primary data on 813 institutes depending exclusively on the national universities and 233 institutes depending on CONICET (or double dependency CONICET+ National Universities).	2
All content following this page was uploaded by Ashraf Uddin on 21 February 2016.	0
Women and non-binary or genderfluid respondents reported higher stress and pessimism than men.	4
Acknowledgements This work has been supported by the Croatian Science Foundation under the Project IP-09-2014-9351.	0
Clustering of blocks of similar fields is quite visible in all six networks.	4
From Departments of Pediatrics, University College of Medical Sciences, Delhi 110095; and *Maulana Azad Medical College, New Delhi 110 002, India.	0
The data source of this article is Derwent Innovations Index (DII).	2
Most of the papers were from the United States (n=58), followed by Italy (n=8) and Netherlands (n=7).	4
The author received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
As a consequence, the way to further research in this area is closed.	0
Let N = {J1,J2, …….,Jn}, n ∈ N be a non-empty finite set of journals and C = [Cij] ∈ Rn×n be a |N| × |N| nonnegative citation matrix for N.	2
It can be seen that topic feature Topic and seven bibliometrics features of {X1, X2, X3, X4, X5, X7, X8} appear in the feature subset obtained by three different feature selection algorithms, which shows that these 8 features are more important than other features in determining the future citation trend of the article.	4
Qualitative findings revealed that faculty viewed the library as providing and purchasing the needed library resources, and that they valued the librarians and library services as essential to their teaching and research.	5
Unlike previous studies, this study addresses the first research question: what determines the research productivity of university research teams in an environment in which interdisciplinary cooperation is facilitated?	1
This paper assesses the impact of the various topic-based categories covered by the megajournal PLOS ONE.	1
All results show that citation evaluation and altmetrics evaluation are different when they reflect the impact of books, citations mainly reflect the academic impact of academic books, and altmetrics indicators mainly reflect the social impact of academic books.	5
The table describes the WoS author disambiguation procedure in a fictitious example	0
RQ1: How can bibliographic entities and relationships be modeled in a graph to capture information that tends to be easily overlooked in a relational model?	1
Citations and Altmetric were weakly correlated (r = 0.20), with only a 25.0% overlap in terms of articles within their top 10th percentiles.	4
The referee was undoubtedly an authority in the field and had an enormous degree of power—a power that was realized in several ways, from the dismissive language employed in the referee reports to the familiarity with the editor.	5
China's education policy system exhibited features of a rapid expansion, showing clear characteristics during each stage of development.	5
To this end and in order to avoid the pitfall of Example D, we capitalize on the k-core decomposition of networks, a powerful tool for network analysis which is commonly used as a measure of well connectedness for vertices in a broad spectrum of applications.	3
The data used in the study were collected from the Web of Science digital abstract repository.	2
For our comparative study we opt for employing Web of Science.	2
In this analysis, we used all the publications.	2
The correlation was tested with Spearman's correlation coefficient in order to investigate the relationship between the number of words in the title and number of citations, as well as the number of authors and the number of citations for original articles.	3
Several filters were applied, all of which appeared to lower the noise from irrelevant hits.	3
The findings indicate that the time between scientific discoveries and Nobel awards increases in the natural sciences, but not in economics.	5
Quotation errors seem to present more complex and potentially more troubling problems.	5
The range of journals matched the listings of journals considered as core higher education journals (see appendix; Tight 2007, 2012); and (3) only articles published between 1980 and 2013 were considered due to the fact that the data were gathered in 2014, and as such, the publication database for 2014 could not be considered complete or fully updated.	2
Publication communities were identified via Kumu with Speaker-listener Label Propagation (SLPA) community detection algorithm [11].	3
We believe the method can provide scholars with new intelligence analysis approach, either for citation analysis or other related issues like talent analysis, research areas analysis, and others.	5
= [dij], (i, j) = 1, ..., 100, where dij denotes either CD(Ti, Tj), given in Equation (1), JSD(Ti, j), defined in Equation (6), or JSD&(ф?, фj), as in Equation (7).	3
We also retrieved GDP data from all the countries that have published information from the World Bank.	2
In this section, we have demonstrated the bibliographic coupling between the authors and countries using the VOSviewer, which is widely used visualization tool used in the literature (van Eck and Waltman, 2010; Xu et al., 2017).	3
In their submissions, and as shown in Figure 1, the 35 students cited a total of 5,644 references.	2
The evidence clearly indicates that the supply shock in idea space has a positive and significant effect on a mathematician's productivity.	4
We collected all journals occurring in at least one of the following eight physics and seven chemistry subfields (JCR categories), during the period 2000–2007.	2
The internationalization of Polish journals is only ostensible and manifests itself in two changes within the editorial practices in Polish SSH journals.	5
Additionally, a particular concern for researchers from China and other countries with rapidly developing scientific communities is whether there are potential biases affecting their manuscripts in the review process.	1
To evaluate the impact of research we collected citation data from WoS.	3
Our approach tries to overcome four main criticisms of university rankings, namely: monodimensionality; statistical robustness; dependence on university size and subject mix; lack of consideration of the input-output structure.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
A publisher's brand was also mentioned as a highly preferred sign of what respondents considered a 'good journal'.	4
The 42,353 book titles were matched with bibliographic records from the WorldCat.org union library catalog using an API developer key.	2
The JIF is computed by Thomson-Reuters for each year (Y) according to the following equation (Gl?nzel and Moed 2002):	3
Table 1 Comparison of THE, QS and ARWU indicators of 2018	0
Participants were recruited from two sources (Fig 1).	2
The findings of the study uncovered that 98.3 percent (353) of journals have maintained the layout consistency.	4
To capture the third dimension of DoL, we compute the pairwise correlations between all six activities within a given paper (e.g., the correlation between conceived and performed is corr_conceivedXperformed).	3
The two figures show that Jaccard is always smaller than Salton, regardless of the network size.	4
During the months of January, March and April 2015, we collected 71,219 references (4457 of them Web references) which were analysed in detail according to the fields indicated in Table 1, and which will be presented in the Results section.	2
Of the 32 journals, only seven were listed on reputable databases.	4
Here we propose that shared purpose (why do I participate?), practice (how do we interact?), and place (where do we interact?) are, in descending order, the most important drivers for what we call "undisciplinary" research in an interaction of different disciplines.	1
China has the highest share of publications (163; 22.4%).	4
The data set contains 250 non-award winners and 250 award winners from prestigious scientific societies of CE.	2
Our model indicates that even for two authors, the average rate of issuing an ultimatum is 21% and jumps to 43% for five authors.	4
We analyzed a total of 180 issues of the selected journals (i.e., 72, 36, 36, and 36 [40%, 20%, 20%, and 20%] issues for Spine, EUS, TSJ, and JNS spine, respectively) containing 3784 articles (1358, 1128, 685, and 613 [35.9%, 29.8%, 18.1%, and 16.2%], respectively) that were published from January 2016 to December 2018.	2
As mentioned above the calculation of the second-order similarities is based on the cosine over all hybrid first-order similarities with the same combination of bibliographic coupling and term frequencies and the same weights for the linear.	3
Competition is the dominant consequence of interactions in the space of ideas and is important enough in collaboration space to render the loss of the average collaborator innocuous.	5
Based on these findings, this study concludes that the conventional marketing literature has been already contaminated by predatory marketing journals.	5
Further, our regression analysis suggests that accounting’s decrease in concentration has been at the same pace as the decrease in concentration in other disciplines.	4
Public institutions in Brazil and Colombia have been both the most cited and productive in the region.	4
In the alternative model (but the same holds for the base one), the only significant variable is x?—namely, the number of citations-while x?, x?, and x?	4
In terms of the number of papers and citations (i.e., Figures 6 and 8), researcher 61 (and the others in groups C5 and C6) has the highest level of research productivity.	4
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
The eight major clusters we extracted can be divided into two groups; basic research (S1 management, S4 ecosystem, and S5 QOS) and application for society (S2 medical care, S3 mental health care, S6 public service, S7 public medical care and S8 IT & Web).	5
The group of high research performance authors comprised 33 authors who were listed among the top 100 prolific and top 100 influential authors.	2
This is why experts, scientists, politicians and other actors are interested in studying accurate models of mobility and its spatial transformation.	1
The pattern of referencing from patents to scholarly literature is similar to that of referencing between journal articles in Scopus with physical sciences accounting for the greatest share, followed by life and then health sciences.	4
Inspired by the works in [2, 3], this study considers utilizing two hyperbolic tangent functions to calculate the corresponding article age and the number of citations and update the link relationship between different article nodes in the citation network.	3
Funding: This work was supported by the Special Projects of Public Health Emergency Management for Chengdu University of Technology in 2020.	0
We find that the percentage of the first author served as the corresponding author is the highest, but this percentage decreases over time.	4
Clinical trials mean “Better care more than better drugs": this conclusion derives from a critical reading of the results on "Health improvement".	5
Rusty Kimball, Jane Stephens, and David Hubbard are Science and Engineering Librarians, and Carmelita Pickett is Head of Collection Development & Acquisitions Services, all at Texas A&M University Libraries; e-mail: rkimball@library.tamu.edu, jstephens@library.tamu.edu, hubbardd@library.tamu.edu, cpickett-k@ library.tamu.edu.	0
In terms of the output of collaborative research, USA is on the top, and China ranks the second place, followed by England, Japan, and France.	4
In stark contrast, the Italian system follows a centralized bureaucratic model that co-opts academic elites.	4
Since this research is situated in Flanders, the Dutch-speaking part of Belgium, the search queries were also performed in Dutch.	2
The Author(s), 2019, published in Vestnik Rossiiskoi Akademii Nauk, 2019, Vol.	0
Different regression models were prepared to test the hypothesis, the variables of which are explained below:	3
Authors' repositioning of literary-academic presence occurs within a discursive world system of power that instills dependency on dominant publications as venues for scholarship and career advancement (Alatas, 2003).	4
In this study, we identified with recently developed methods for the program CRExplorer landmark publications in nearly all Web of Science subject categories (WoS-SCs).	1
As an open source software framework, CIShell is powerful for integrating datasets, algorithms, tools, and computing resources easily.	0
What can we learn from commonly used journal ranking lists?	1
It is the included publications in the reviews that form the dataset in this analysis.	2
Chi-square tests of equal variance were performed to determine significance of differences among the number of articles authored in the members of each group.	3
Using the "Analyse search results” tool provided by Scopus, we identified the 137 most prolific authors, with each author having published at least 80 articles in the five-year period.	2
Second, we propose a ranking technique that is based on estimators that are robust to extreme values and outliers (as illustrated in Section 4) and delivers confidence intervals for the estimates (as illustrated in Appendix B), allowing the analyst to fully understand the statistical properties of the ranking score we propose.	3
Are the distribution patterns, correlations, and accumulation rates of usage counts, Mendeley readership, and citations in journal papers and conference papers similar?	1
The density of a graph describes the general level of linkages among its nodes.	3
2 The Bonacich centrality measure, with a recommended beta value of 0.697 [27], did not correlate well with degree centrality or the subjective rankings of the IS journals.	0
There exist certain online-based approaches, such as using Master Journal List provided by Thomson Reuters, and Scopus database, and using the DOI of a paper, to certify the realness of a journal or publisher.	3
News, by making improvements that are in line with their own goals and are centered around the success of their unique student population.	5
Nine of the fronts are related to the study of specific molecular structures and mechanisms and two of these fronts are related to the development of drugs.	4
The model is conceptually based on the demand- and stock-driven cohort survival dMFA model introduced by Müller (2005) and is commonly used in MFA studies (Müller et al., 2014; Lauinger et al., 2021).	3
This raises the question of whether women are more dependent than men on collaboration with colleagues when performing research and writing up the results.	0
The information recorded included the type of resource (serial, monograph, website, report, etc.), the year of publication, and, where appropriate, the title of the item (for serials, the student aid listed the serials title rather than the article title).	3
What topics are covered by the topical subdivisions of cancer-focused Iranian co-authorship networks in Web of Science Service during 2003-2010 time period?	1
The relevant sections include demographic questions, career data, and two instruments which are key to this study the Multi-Dimensional Research Agendas Inventory Revised (MDRAI-R; Horta & Santos, 2020) and the Multi-Dimensional University Research Workplace Inventory (MDURWI; Santos, 2018).	2
Therefore, SB6 was awakened twice: once in 1980 and again in 2008.	4
The calculational results of the average JIFs of selected journals agree with the statistical results.	4
Lastly, the system would probably act as a deterrent, passively contributing to plagiarism frequency reduction.	5
Chinese journal lists therefore reflect research policy changes, such as a shift away from output-dominated research evaluation, the specific concerns about research misconduct, and balancing national research needs against international standards, resulting in distinctly Chinese quality criteria.	5
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer Nature 2023	0
Moreover, do evergreens constitute a general type of citation trajectory, or are they so rare that they cannot be captured in any statistical cluster analysis?	1
There were three exceptions, however: one journal in French with no papers in the last year of the period, and two control journals without papers in the last 2 years.	0
Fifty-seven branded journals were launched from 1992 to 2012; that count rose to ninety-three in the years since.	4
The results indicate that the collaborative effects of celebrities and media generate large and stable communities, requiring only few intermediary levels of dissemination to spread influence.	4
Instead, the matrix of observed ratings is stacked as a vector, in “long” format.	3
Last, searches for the journals were performed on the DOAJ web site to see if they were still listed in the directory.	3
Smith (n = 6) and Science (n = 13) respectively.	4
Simple linear regression analysis was used to estimate the number of future publications on this subject.	3
The main research questions that we want to answer are: can the assessment of research groups be significantly affected by the different durability types observed in their output?	1
Using a correlational design with altmetric and content analyses approach, the present study examined a sample of universities jointly evaluated in THE, QS, NI, and Leiden.	3
After the data processing, our experimental dataset includes 33,953 authors with 19,343 papers from 4,524 institutions across years 2000 to 2015.	2
The topic areas of biohydrogen, photo-catalysis, and water splitting are growing the fastest, implying the strong shift toward renewable hydrogen.	4
In doing so, the work uses the Web of Science Core Collection database to analyze the bibliometric data.	2
More specifically, we utilize the random forests method [50] which represents a recent and remarkable advancement in non-parametric classification and regression.	3
Across the seven assessments for which we examined comments, Anglophone countries had the highest number of assessment comments based on reviewer affiliation (32.9% of all comments compared with 9.3% of countries being Anglophone; Figure 1C).	4
As the study involved interviewing people who have particularly informed perspectives on the aspect of the institutional repositories being studied, two key informants from each university library were identified, comprising a librarian, and an IT staff (technologist).	2
Thus, Korea is called a world leader in computerized stock trading.	0
The article we submitted was authored by members of this team.	2
The research questions in this study focused on how the international scientific mobilization of the researchers affects their number of international collaborations, their ability to get published at higher impact factor journals, the number of citations that they get.	1
This comparison illustrates that the extent and closeness of collaborations among authors has decreased during the last 35 years; however, the size of the networks has increased significantly since 2008 because of new researchers who have joined the field.	5
This study aimed to investigate the contribution of China to the field of spine.	1
In aggregate, citation rate was 1.5 times higher for open access articles compared with those without open access.	5
This study tries to distinguish the concepts of WoK, WoS and WoSCC and further reveals the fact that different WoS may generate different h-index values.	1
This category included articles that discussed the development, application, or validity of measurements for psychiatric disorders.	4
This paper focuses on the role that domestic and international mobility play in achieving a business academic's career outcomes.	1
This conceptual and empirical analysis shows how research themes have evolved in social work.	5
We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms of scholarship.	0
Ethical issues (Including plagiarism, informed consent, misconduct, data fabrication and/or falsification, double publication and/or submission, redundancy, etc.) have been completely observed by the authors.	0
citations / articles as the numerator/denominator of the quotient).	1
Because it takes time for citations to accrue, and because the number of citing journals may have increased, we control for individual years of publication rather than decade; because the distribution of citations is highly skewed, all estimates are produced using median (LAD) regressions, and, as before, standard errors are clustered on authors.	3
1 considering countries as if they were journals.	3
A full description of the 1992 RAE exercise and reactions to it has recently been published [12].	0
It indicates that Ph.Ds who turn out to be academic have been increasing proportionately to (or faster than) the whole Ph.Ds until the 1980s with 25–33 % of Ph.Ds being academic and 67–75 % non-academic.	4
In summary, solution sr achieves the best results in three of four tests, while eb and en do well in the special issues dataset.	4
Before proceeding, it is worth mentioning that we also collected data for managing editors and book review editors, but the number of journals with missing values for these variables was too high to draw any reliable conclusions.	0
In the K-S test, the result shows that the author productivity distribution predicted by Lotka holds for SS, SE field research, but not for SM.	4
In this paper, we sought to develop new knowledge about the ways that certain funding evaluations are constructed as events with crucial significance for status bestowal throughout academia.	5
As a final point, readers should bear in mind that the Altmetric score may slightly fluctuate over time.	0
The purple color at the bottom includes all topics that occurred less than twice across all periods.	0
Since CP-IN and CP-EX consider the complete citation distribution, they should be preferred in bibliometric studies.	5
This empirical evidence that preprint usage varies with the career stage, institution size, and country helps to identify barriers surrounding large-scale adoption of preprinting in ecology and evolution.	5
This paper intends to describe the population evolution of a scientific information web service during 2011–2012.	1
Participants were ophthalmologists, otolaryngologists, neurosurgeons, and neurologists classified as "top earners" (>$100,000 annually) within the University of California (UC) healthcare system in 2008.	2
Received August 14, 2006; Accepted August 23, 2006; Published December 20, 2006	0
From the Scopus homepage, the author search tab was selected and the researcher's first and last names were inputted.	3
The main objective of this study was to analyze research productivity originating from Middle East Arab (MEA) countries in the field of diabetes mellitus (DM).	1
These results would suggest that internationally mobile and foreign scientists struggle to advance in universities that lack rules preventing inbreeding and with little opportunity to teach in English.	5
Further analysis is needed to assess the association between the distribution of research across disciplines and the economic status of countries.	1
The network public opinion event logic graph is created by treating the events that result from generalization as nodes, considering the logical relationships between events as directed edges, and noting the transition probabilities between the events on the edges Graph = {Nodesi,Edgesj}, where i and j are the numbers of nodes and directed edges, respectively [59].	3
Therefore, in this study, a series of non-parametric tests (e.g.	3
Contrary to previous studies we found that the Matthew Effect is stronger for domestic multi-authored papers than for international multi-authored ones.	4
The case of Cornelius justifies the value of considering the overall uniqueness of one's scholarship along with impact, when considering a scholar for tenure and promotion.	5
Our results showed that RIRE publications are predominantly led by the West, with North America and Western Europe contributing the most.	4
OAAAs were then estimated by dividing either the proportion or average for a particular OA subset by the global proportion or average.	3
The analysis is based on data for every article published in the journals of interest from 2015 through 2018.	2
For citation outcomes, I also implement a triple differences (DDD) design with a journal's open access status as the third layer of difference.	3
This study collected data from the dblp computer science bibliography (DBLP), which provides broad coverage of conference papers in computer science (Ley, 2009).	2
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Therefore, the purpose of this investigation was to examine the relationship between the number of commentaries written by an EiC and their journal's IF and Eigenfactor (Ef).	1
In the other word, most of research themes of OA field in China were not centralized, so most research on OA in China now were marginal and undeveloped.	5
We narrowed down our search to UK only, using the country filter in the Scopus interface, which means that only articles with at least one UK author would be included.	2
The empirical analysis in this article is based and then implemented on the open-access dataset of NPs shared by Li et al.	2
Information about how to choose which publication to write for and submission guidelines are available for all.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
To reframe power balances in science, it is time to move beyond the bare minimum of encouraging culturally and linguistically diverse experts and knowledge holders to bring to the table literature and expertise available in their own languages in addition to English and actively apply non-English knowledge and better integrate non-Anglophone expertise into team dynamics.	5
We believe that building a database of predatory or questionable conferences will not be an effective tool because companies can, as the OMICS case shows, rebrand quickly.	5
The network is visualized using Gephi (Bastian et al., 2009) software for large network analysis.	3
This paper examines the relationships between specific journal title publication, citation, usage, and impact metrics from 17,934 journals in all disciplines, including 12,200 active titles, gathered from scholarly activities involving researchers at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, a Carnegie R1 university.	2
We establish that, from the beginning, editors appointed to the AER tend to be more topically aligned with the other Top 5 journals.	4
In particular, I want to address the following research questions: At which institutions did research in bibliometrics achieve its major progress?	1
Because they contaminate the scientific record in the long term and this cannot be fully contained even by their retraction, it is particularly important to identify them before publication.	5
Socio-technical systems involve agents who create and process knowledge, exchange information and create ties between ideas in a distributed and networked manner: webloggers, communities of scientists, software developers and wiki contributors are, among others, examples of such networks.	1
In my model, the map is populated by a sample of publication information from the Thompson Reuters Web of Science database ranging from 2006-2016.	2
This article presents a set of the ‘most plausible contenders' for the works with greatest influence within Social Policy or ‘Social Policy's Greatest Hits'.	5
The research enrolled clinical doctors and nurses in hospitals, faculty members in medical higher education institutions, and undergraduate students in medical schools in the Ningxia region.	2
The sphere size and color scheme are as in Figure 6.	0
We found that most of the relationships between organizational features and research agendas were mostly consistent across disciplines, with variations mainly in the strength rather than the direction of effects.	4
RQ 1: Quantity versus impact of papers by paper types How do citations compare for different paper types (e.g., conference and journal papers)?	1
To understand the development of Ocean Engineering research both in China and worldwide, a bibliometric study based on the Science Citation Index-Expanded has been made.	1
These guided the design of an online survey sent out to rural clinicians throughout Saskatchewan.	3
If assessments did not employ bibliometric numbers, then these practices would not have a benefit, and would fade out.	5
We find enough evidence that gender imbalance in scientific authorships brings a peculiar trait to the networks of subjects.	5
Spearman correlation analysis was used to investigate the relationship between the mean citations and various measures of citation inequality considering p values <0.05 (<0.01) as (highly) statistically significant.	3
Scopus was chosen in preference to WoS because it seems to have greater coverage (Leydesdorff, de Moya-Anegón, & Nooy, in press), including wider international coverage (López-Illescas, de Moya-Anegón, & Moed, 2008) which is particularly important for international comparisons, although it has a bias towards English language publications (de Moya-Anegón et al., 2007).	2
The ratio is called the Affinity Index (Zitt et al.	3
In fact, China, the United States, and England were the most productive nations, and the journal with the greatest number of publications on the topic was Pediatric Cardiology.	4
Using the PoP software, author impact analyses of all 82 librarians were conducted for the 30-year period from 1984 to 2013.	2
Received October 13, 2001; Revised March 11, 2002; accepted March 25, 2002	0
A final drawback is that without a longitudinal study one cannot state categorically that it is the rise to higher status alone that accounts for the recorded differences in behavior.	0
Using a mixed deductive-inductive thematic analysis, we identified five themes: (1) RI education should be available to all; (2) education and training approaches and goals should be tailored; (3) motivating trainees is essential; (4) both formal and informal educational formats are necessary; and (5) institutions should take into account various individual, institutional, and system-of-science factors when implementing RI education.	4
The history of JPR is naturally intertwined with that of peace research, but also with the professional life of its founder.	0
The total number of published articles from the three major regions of China has increased notably from 2000 to 2009.	5
For demonstration of the marker paper approach, density functional theory is used as a research field.	2
British authors and institutions are the most productive in the journal, although Australians' are growing significantly the number of papers published.	4
These have informed the direction taken here but are not directly applicable because learned societies are not primarily in the business of generating research.	0
Italy, the USA and France were ranked as the top three countries for the average number of citations per article.	4
Our findings show that not all the innovation characteristics identified in previous literature emerge as an influence to the rate of adoption of e-journal publishing among Malaysian journal publishers.	5
Our sample thus consists of 1243 articles, 130 of which were replicated.	2
Overall 12.8% of journals listed in JCR are OA, but a higher percentage of journals are OA in 9 fields, including multidisciplinary (31%), agriculture (19.1%) and microbiology (19.1).	4
We further conduct a sample-splitting test [41, 42] in an attempt to test the heterogeneous treatment effects of OA on CiteScores over subsamples of data based on journal characteristics.	3
A full analysis of both the @-mentions and the #-terms was carried out, utilizing the software programme NVivo.	3
1 WISE Lab, Institute of Science of Science and S&T Management, Dalian University of Technology, Dalian, China	0
Received October 16, 2006; revised December 19, 2006; accepted January 22, 2007	0
RQ3: How the inclusion in editorial boards of non-Western geographies could be enhanced?	1
For the normalization of research productivity to the gross domestic product (GDP), the World Bank 2007 estimates (in 2010 U.S.	3
This research was supported by the National Institutes of Health, CTSA, and the Institute for Translational Sciences at the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston: 1UL1RR029876 UTMB CTSA (ARB).	0
More specifically, this study will elaborate on the following research questions:	1
We present an alternative framing of databases wherein infrastructure and context are seen as mutually constitutive.	1
First, the journal objects are screened from Chinese Social Science Citation Index (CSSCI) and Chinese Science Citation Database (CSCD).	2
The obtained data were analyzed using descriptive statistical techniques; mean, percentage, and frequency.	3
Sáez Gómez JM et al.—EFFICIENT BIBLIOGRAPHIC SEARCHES ON ALLERGY USING ISI DATABASES	0
Four groups of comparison emerged from interviews, which represent four facets of inequity as deemed most sensitive to the influences of incentive schemes.	4
This paper presents a quantitative method to study social validation using a citation network.	1
Data are the means ± standard deviations, except where otherwise indicated.	0
This study focuses on original articles of curare research since 1900.	1
The L-space and P-space models are two popular methods for constructing an adjacency matrix of complex networks.	3
The UK academics average seven book or book chapter readings per month, excluding one outlier at 350 (M=6.95, SD=9.589).	4
The number of total publications, local publications, international publications, the number of total citations, and the number of published neurologists were positively associated with the population (p = 0.001 to p = 0.020), regional gross domestic product (p < 0.001 to p = 0.002), number of healthcare establishments (p < 0.001 to p = 0.005), healthcare expenditure (p = 0.007 to p = 0.039), number of personnel in research and development (p < 0.001 to p = 0.002), and the number of neurologists (p < 0.001 to p = 0.003).	4
Sustained progress in the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of these diseases requires investment in a robust ecosystem of research and innovation that prioritises human-relevant research strategies to achieve public health impact and improve the translatability of funded research.	5
The results reveal that NST research tends to focus on nano applications and devices.	4
In our research, we found supporting evidence to regard each DSM version as a unique citable object, with similar but distinct citation patterns.	5
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:573577 []	0
Results reveal significant differences in innovation performance across five industry sectors, among which the charging pile system sector exhibits the highest average value, and the battery system sector exhibits the lowest average value.	4
To classify these differences we employ the Suits (1984) constrained estimation technique which sorts the disciplines into three categories; those disciplines who coerce citations (or use editorials or review articles or online queue) significantly more than the average use of these strategies, those who manipulate less than average, and those whose level of manipulation is insignificantly different from the average.	3
Our study aims to analyze the influence of gender and gender-related variables on research production, and to measure the proportion of research production variance explained by the combination of these predictors.	1
The slower career advancement of women hampers diversity and jeopardizes female leadership, resulting in significant setbacks for the academic community.	1
Middle and last author contributions instead showed a high level of individual variability.	4
A total of 35,068 papers were collected (up to 2018/11/28).	2
A total of 56 830 papers were identified after the initial search in the period from 1945 to present.	2
Two scientific data sets downloaded from the Web of Science (WoS) form the core of our study.	2
The network consists of one connected component with the degree centralization at nearly 57%, indicating that the network is highly centralized around some words, including “Use,” “Method,” “System,” “Device,” “Control,” “Synchronous,” “Processing,” “Motor,” “Measurement,” and “Design.”	4
Methods such as co-citation, citation, or keyword network analysis are used to elicit the IS discipline's intellectual identity and to assess long-term challenges, such as the threat of disintegration and incoherence through fragmentation in the research topics (Bernroider et al., 2013; Liu et al., 2016; Taylor et al., 2010).	3
We used productivity (number of randomized controlled trials), influence (number of citations), and four measures of prominence in the social network (degree, betweenness, closeness, and eigenvector centrality) to identify the most influential individuals.	3
In this work, we chose Scopus because it is quite extensive and well-recognized by the research community.	2
The study also revealed that the reputation and impact factor of the journal were seen as very important among the factors for choosing OA.	4
It also examines patterns of bibliometrics-related studies in the biomedical research fields where both wide applications of and serious concerns about citation analysis for research evaluation have been present.	0
There was a strong, significant correlation between the h-index and the total number of publications of the editorial board member (p = 0.916, P < .0001) and an even greater correlation between the h-index and total number of citations the editorial board member had amassed (p = 0.973, P<.0001).	4
A total of 7,762 articles were published in 771 journals from 1970 to 2013 led by Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery (n = 1,917; 24.7%).	4
Taking the utilitarian view that the grant allocation aims to maximize the scientific impact of the research community we can interprete both the role of (application) writing skill and the actual evaluation error as defects in the grant allocation.	5
Higher ASCR was associated with AC, ΔΗ and AP.	5
The reverberation index, or r-index, does just that.	5
Note: (1), (2), (3), (4) the number of other tables that the journal is listed in this study.	0
We also perform predictions using only existing data until 1997, and find lower predictability than using explanatory models.	4
Our study provides the first insights regarding the post retraction citations in radiology-imaging diagnostic methods scientific literature available in PubMed.	5
In this paper we focus on the International Journal of Human-Computer Studies (IJHCS) as a domain of analysis, togain insights about its evolution in the past 50 years and what this evolution tells us about the research landscape associated with the journal.	1
First, we used the SCImago institutions ranking [2] to identify (1) the top 30 universities in Europe, (2) the top 30 universities in the United States, and (3) the top 30 private companies operating in Europe and in the US or at the global level.	2
We selected 52 journals, rated 2 or above, from the ABS Journal Guide to rank institutions in the field of Information Management.	2
The cohort that graduated between 1975 and 1984 required 6.69 years on average to complete both degrees.	4
We use a difference-in-difference-in-differences (DDD) estimation that explores differences in publication output and input across OARE and non-OARE fields within institutions that registered with the OARE initiative and those that did not – before and after joining OARE.	3
A total of 389,477 publication records were obtained for the 50 most productive institutions and 5 major institution systems.	2
Author Contributions: Peng Wang designed this research and collected the data set for the experiment.	0
Farid, who are the most representative prestigious researchers in the TES field.	4
According to the WoS JCRs (2018), there are 230 journals under the category of oncology.	2
This paper utilises anonymised longitudinal researcher data over 15 years of the New Zealand PBRFS to evaluate whether research quality changes are characterised by convergence or divergence, and the processes determining those dynamics.	1
The funder had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
Therefore, there is no generalizable OA citation advantage at article level.	5
Overall correlation between citations and AAS was weak, and AAS may not be an accurate early predictor of future citations.	5
Child maltreatment is a complex problem requiring interdisciplinary collaborative research to generate innovative solutions.	1
The degree of openness of their publications and the citation advantage, if any, of publishing in open access journals; and	1
For open-ended survey items, we used conventional content analysis.	3
Most important is the use of the CRExplorer to reconstruct the evolution of a research topic as a whole and not only to reveal its historical roots (for which RPYS was developed originally).	5
There is little doubt that the trend toward OA is here to stay.	0
Scientific committee structures with significant research steering autonomy tend to be better at steering roles than management-centric model structures.	5
For that purpose, this paper uses several bibliometric-based, network-oriented and visualization-rich approaches, including research landscape maps, science overlays (Leydesdorff and Rafols, 2009), density maps (Van Eck and Waltman, 2011), cluster mapping approaches, and heatmaps.	3
The disassortativity of the network indicates that the keywords used in a given paper generally include one or more common, frequently-used terms plus other less common terms that refer to the specific context of the research.	4
The collected data (in plain text file) was imported into RStudio (version: v.3.4.1) with the bibliometrix R-package.	3
Arthroplasty and spine surgery have recorded dramatic increase in publication.	4
For this purpose, the authors identified impact factor (IF) ranking, cost options and copyright conditions offered to authors wishing to publish in full open access (OA), subscription-based or hybrid journals.	1
A two-year lag has been considered to be appropriate at this high level of aggregation (Leydesdorff and Wagner 2009).	3
This study quantifies and sorts the disciplinarity of academic journals by developing and employing three measures of journal specialization based on publication keywords.	1
A special software algorithm was developed to collect and process data from the USPTO and from the ISI, to implement our methodology.	3
The contribution of authors is quantified using the following representation of a bipartite network.	3
This research aims to find the importance of a collection of A&I databases for authors.	1
The research question we therefore explore is: are REF2014 environment submissions in B&M distinctively different in language-related characteristics between high ranked and low ranked university submissions?	1
A detailed description of these indicators is provided in the text.	0
Since citation behaviour is the source driver of scientific dynamics, it is essential to investigate its effect on knowledge diffusion and intellectual structure.	1
A first difference lies in the question of whether both the collective actor and its individual members are embedded in regimes of accumulation or whether accumulation is limited to the collective level.	5
As for the collaboration between countries, analysis results showed that the network web indicated the most important factor as the geographical location.	4
* Sistema de Bibliotecas, Universidad de Puerto Rico, Recinto de Río Piedras, Puerto Rico snejanka.penkova@upr.edu	0
The most cited article of each scientist was included in a secondary analysis.	0
Data collection forms were designed based on some indicators of WHO Health Research System Analysis (HRSA) considering the indicators of standardized international universities' assessing and specific vision of health researches in our country by participation of key HRS policy makers and other health research stakeholders.	2
In that sense, the cited works are introduced as representative of the (sub)disciplinary norm (Roth et al., 2012, p.	0
Publication and citation records are extracted from the Web of Science, which is widely considered a leading database for citation indexing (Bakkalbasi et al.	2
Articles were more likely to be cited in subsequent scholarship if they were (a) written by 3 or more authors, (b) retrievable from more databases, and (c) longer.	4
Practically speaking, it also emerges from this analysis that the deposit-on-acceptance requirement, internal-use requirement, and the possibility of unconditionally opting out of making the deposit OA are each very important factors in the effectiveness of an OA mandate in generating greater author compliance and hence more deposits and more OA, sooner.	5
Finally, it should be noted that in some cases, there is a slight alphabetic ordering increase for papers that have a larger number of authors.	4
For the identification of the gender of each author we queried the Gender API platform by the "first name”+“affiliation_country" pair.	3
On the other hand, Model (2) in Table 6 showed that domestic doctoral training helped to increase the peer effect of young returnee scientists (Coef.6.2phd_grad = 1.132, P < 0.05).	4
By using four different metrics, associated with the authors of each paper in a conference as well as the influence of the paper on the scientific community, we are able to cluster well-known Computer Science conferences in different quality categories.	5
All papers from 1979 to 2016 were collected.	2
The countries which collaborate the most with Mexico are the United States (28,535), Spain (15,003) and France (8249).	4
Using gender propensity and network analysis, we aimed to describe patterns of collaboration on publications in emergency medicine (EM), focusing on two Midwest academic departments.	1
Obviously, the three relations are all monotonous functions of T, meaning that they reproduce the same ranking if a is constant.	5
We have worked closely with scientists to layer large-scale randomized field experiments onto preexisting university research processes in order to generate causal insights (29, 30).	3
Geographic reach expanded from the initial group of articles, increasing from 27- 44 US states and 6-41 countries in second and third generation citations.	4
We used the bibliographic database EMBASE to search for articles written by AMC-affiliated authors.	2
We prepared a questionnaire depicted in Table 1 to explore the ECA designations of these journals.	3
Following this decision, we were left with the task of ranking 389 universities a large enough number to accurately calculate correlation.	2
Overall, 33.5% of the technically external domains belong to the portfolio of the media conglomerate to which the seed website pertains.	4
In the present study we showed the general applicability of the CSS-method to the individual level and to author profiling of candidates with scientific excellence, in particular.	5
In this study, we compare the Open Access (OA) structures of publishers and journals among 51,882 publications commented on PubPeer to those indexed in OpenAlex database (#156,700,177).	1
Source: Author's own creation based on Andrikopoulos and Economou (2015); Baccini and Barabesi (2010, 2011); Goyanes and Marcos (2020); Malin and Carley (2007); Teixeira and Oliveira (2018).	0
The mean of the absolute difference (MAD, mean absolute difference) between the evaluation for the project dimensions by others and the self-evaluation can be used to quantify the group's interdisciplinary understanding of the project.	3
We name our ranking framework RALEX for RAndom Literature EXplorer.	3
In particular, the article focuses on six key stages throughout the lifecycle of an open access publication: commissioning; review; production; discoverability; marketing; analytics.	1
Thirty preprints were identified as later resulting in a journal article publication (15.8%, 30/189).	4
Ultimate impact (c∞i) represents the total number of citations a paper acquires during its lifetime.	3
There was a positive correlation between the altmetrics performance of preprints and the journal impact factor when the preprint had been published in a journal.	4
In this section, we describe how we operationalised the variable ideology-based psychological contract breach.	0
Publications from South Asia increased markedly after 2007, with 58.7% of papers published between 2000 and 2010 being published after 2007.	4
Finally, we analyzed 801 journals from the SSH.	2
In this paper an attempt is made to find at least an approximate transformation rule for the h-index if the scale of the underlying distribution is changed.	1
Our results demonstrate that the observed behavioral gender homophily cannot be explained away by appeal to Simpson's paradox, which others have used to explain purported gender bias in graduate admissions [40] and the influence of topic choice on Black-white disparities in grant funding [41].	5
Our results show that Query #1 (searching the FT field) returned 4,610,481 records, whereas Query # 2 in FO and Query #3 in FG captured 4,591,259 and 3,171,084 records, respectively2.	4
The impact of US-led neoliberal policies is also apparent in the rankings.	4
This suggests that collective performance in a department is associated to a greater degree with a productive core of individuals who have higher individual performance than with the simple quantity of the human resources available to the department.	4
Specifically, we map the co-authorship networks related to African governance and public policy (1) in general and (2) related to HIV/AIDS.	1
In this section, we describe the results obtained from each of the steps of the research evaluation framework.	0
Biographies: Yuanjie Wang, PhD, Engineer, research interests: agricultural informatization, open access publishing, Email: wangyuanjie@caas.cn;	0
Arab authors mainly collaborated with countries in Europe (22.5 %), especially France, followed by countries in the Americas (9.4 %), especially the USA.	4
Full texts of approximately 65% of all UZSM papers were freely available.	4
The search covered the period from April 2011 to October 2021 using “Buildings” as the source title.	2
The findings that only a small minority of top-cited scientists had current federal biomedical funding calls for thoughtful inclusive redesign of future funding agendas.	5
Additionally, our findings revealed that the knowledge spillover effects of CIE papers were primarily driven by increased citations from second-tier journals.	4
Thus, our aim is to assess this correlation to offer some insight on whether alternative metrics should be employed instead or in conjunction with traditional metrics for the assessment of impact of immunology journals.	1
For the former, each PI's productivity is measured by the number of papers that PI i published in year t as an author (#pub??).	3
This paper aims to put forward the bearing of acknowledgements in the humanities to bring to the foreground contributions and interactions that, otherwise, would remain invisible through traditional indicators of research performance.	1
Beginning scholars are defined as those who just enter scientific research with AA of less than 12 years, and Junior scholars are in a rising career with AA of more than 12 years and less than 24 years.	3
The raw data for analysis were obtained from the Web of Science database.	2
The main policy implication of the finding is that governments should not assume that financing and prioritizing either research productivity or research impact will naturally lead to the expansion of both.	5
RQ3: Which are the more prolific funding agencies supporting cybernetics research?	1
By comparing both the PhD and MSc & PhD graphs, it could be seen that Hypothesis 3 is supported in the context of interdisciplinarity, i.e., on this conceptual basis, the different academic graphs showed a similar pattern.	5
Here, we discuss the following fundamental measures of articles or research papers considered when constructing our ColNet.	0
The incentives within hiring organizations still determine how researchers allocate their time and effort, including whether they even seek external funding or collaboration.	4
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Clinical Trials registered and completed between 2011 and 2015, and those completed clinical trials with results by the end of 2015 were downloaded by institution from the ClinicalTrials.gov website.	2
We discuss the theoretical and managerial implications of our findings for researchers.	5
The results of the logit regressions are available from the author upon request.	0
Who are the primary authors of seafood cold chain logistics literature, and how interconnected are these authors?	1
The h-index allows us to define three rank classes of both publications and citations.	3
In brief, we found that this group is both highly productive and highly cited, and their citation to publication ratios are more equitably distributed than is typical.	5
Received 22 February 2021; Received in revised form 10 July 2021; Accepted 21 July 2021	0
In the second step, truncated regression is conducted to identify the key ESG variables that can influence performance.	3
"Genius work," proposed by Avramescu, refers to scientific articles whose citations grow exponentially in an extended period, for example, over 50 years.	1
However, an important finding of this experiment is that using lexical features (i.e.	4
The period 2005 to 2006 the faculty members of Biochemistry produced maximum research papers with 14.47 percent out of the total publication.	5
Based on identified scientific teams, we detected recurring and significant subgraph patterns, known as network motifs, and under-represented patterns, known as anti-motifs.	3
Tony Stankus was the leading author with 12 research articles published in selected seven STEM LIS journals for the period of 2016-2019.	4
6 is in good agreement with the statement accepted in scientometry [40] that the growth of the number of publications in the chosen field of investigation correlates with the intensity of its development, that is, with the number of new ideas, approaches, etc.	0
* Publications can be replaced by domestic publications, country cooperative linkages or bi-country relationship linkages.	0
Moreover, the most important ties and thus the most important collaborations are retained in the skeletons.	5
For measuring the interdisciplinarity of GSS&T we have used the Entropy-Based Disciplinarity Indicator (EBDI).	3
All participants received their doctoral training in North America, hold appointments at North American universities, and use English as their primary workplace language.	2
According to the results of our study, the number of articles published during the last years (1968–2018) in sport entrepreneurship has increased.	5
Statistical analysis was performed using the SPSS for Windows version 25.0 software (IBM Corp., Armonk, NY, USA).	3
Not all percentages across discipline areas add up to 100 due to rounding	0
Our study shows that retracted papers attract more attention after publication than comparable nonretracted papers across a variety of online platforms, including social and news media, blogs, and knowledge repositories.	5
Table 9 lists the 10 individuals arranged in the order of the key centrality measures.	0
The sample that includes complete information about the publications (title, abstract, keywords, besides authors and their institutional affiliation) is made up of 10,266 articles.	2
RQ2 Are there statistically significant differences in CPD between the disciplines of chemistry, mathematics, and physics?	1
This paper explores potential relations between the numbers of citations and downloads of scientific publications beyond correlation by using a Granger-causality test.	5
The main purpose of the present study was treatment 52.6% (n = 110) followed by studies on anatomy and physiology 18.6% (n = 39) (Figure 6).	4
Acknowledgement - This research is in part supported by an Alexander von Humboldt Research Fellowship.	0
Our results indicate that traditional indicators explained most of the variation in OnSMP activity.	4
Comments similar to those below are also present in several of the 48 reports.	0
qui désigne le point où un système acquiert des propriétés nouvelles qui ne sont pas observées sur les parties qui le composent (sur ce concept, voir Bedau, 2003; Bedau et Humphreys, 2008; Bunge, 2003; Kim, 2006; O'Connor, 1994; Wimsatt, 1997).	3
The UB academics seem to be confronted by some dilemma which compelled them to have preference for publishing in renowned journals.	4
In particular, we describe the co-evolution of ISM and ISC networks between 2001 and 2015 and explore the relationship between ISM and ISC in the context of education globalisation and the knowledge economy.	1
Our experimental results suggest that the proposed MTCIC framework and joint citation representation model outperforms contrast methods, and the auxiliary tasks and joint citation representation model do contribute to the citation intent classification.	5
We find that our proposed metric successfully shows a significant and distinct difference between the Nobel prize-winning papers and their counterparts in that the former receive around 880 more citations and 0.07 higher CD indices than the latter.	4
This paper is organized as follows: the model and data are described in “The model” and “The data” sections respectively;	0
Moreover, while articles exploiting new issues are usually more cited in some fields, such as Organic Chemistry, they are usually less cited in others, including History.	4
The most common areas of research were degenerative disease and arthroplasty, followed by hip preserving surgery for which the leading authors were William H.	4
To study the connections with theorists and the networks that involve them we applied social network analysis (Degenne and Forsé, 2004; Scott, 2000; Wasserman and Faust, 1994).	3
Increasing the number of citations and active electronic library subscriptions by 100 will increase the number of submissions by 3 and 13, respectively.	4
Bibliometrics is a widely used quantitative analysis method in scientific research to study hot topics [48].	3
We are also grateful to Stephen Bronars, George Carter, John McDowell, and participants at several seminars and in the SOLE Labor and Population Economics Internet Seminar for helpful suggestions.	0
Stress-testing networks using bibliometric analysis is a low-cost and effective method for assessing regional capacity building efforts that can easily be replicated with little effort.	5
In summary, the research results provide a basis for the comprehensive understanding of information behavior research in China, which could be a potential guide for researchers when launching new projects in the future.	5
Furthermore, according to the relative priority index (RPI), Denmark, Belgium, Spain, and The Netherlands are the countries that make a higher scientific effort in this field.	4
In this study we use a set of 1560 full-text applications in the natural and technical sciences that were subjected to a double-blind review process at a Danish private funder to analyse gendered writing as a potential factor causing differences in funding rates.	1
Researchers RA and RB are from the same STEM specialty, as are researchers RC and RD.	2
Normally, the multiple mentions of a reference tend to be located in the same section and quite close to each other.	4
Document types published by Nature in 2011 and 2012 include articles, reviews, editorial materials, news items, book reviews, letters, corrections, and biographical items.	2
A total of 15,212 journal articles were included in the study.	2
Second, we calculated the output rate change between two evaluation periods for each output type by subtracting the 2013 output rate from the 2017 output rate.	3
Therefore, in this study the measure of research output is based on the impact factors of the journals:	3
We therefore constructed another linear model of the form Arel ~ γ + θloge t across all researchers in the sample, and took the residual (ε) of an individual researcher’s Arel from the predicted relationship as a metric of citation performance relative to the rest of the researchers in that sample (S2 Fig).	3
RQ1 How substantial are the differences between narrow fields in the time taken for Scopus citations to be as numerous as Mendeley readers?	1
Clinical and Experimental Allergy (222; 8.7%) was the journal with the most publications.	4
We defined health research using a previously described definition as studies in basic science, clinical science and public health including social sciences, which aim to describe human health, understand the impact of factors on health ranging from the biological to societal or environmental levels, or investigate ways to improve human health.	3
It also compares the citation impact of the four contribution patterns between China and the United States.	1
The response rate ranged from 26% for BMJ Open to 47% for SAGE Open.	4
Received: 19 November 2023 / Accepted: 20 December 2023 / Published online: 5 February 2024	0
Figure 42: Social scientists' concerns regarding social media usage for work purposes (service- specific)	0
We also would like to thank all authors for their contributions to the development of this article.	0
This section presents the results of the bibliometric analysis using Scopus database, referring to 36 papers that Vallarta published between 1926 and 1958.	2
iii) Validity: Does competition improve or hamper the ability of reviewers to identify valuable contributions?	1
A research framework and three novel indicators, Average Time Interval (ATI), Innovation Speed (IS) and Update Speed (US), are proposed to measure the pace of innovations in the field of AI.	3
Our results show that when authors display selective referencing behavior, references to recent literature tend to be only marginally increased, and some results even display the opposite tendency (marginally over-citing older literature).	4
The co-authorship data generated through the Scopus bibliometric search strategy were formatted and run using UCINET and NetDraw software.	3
Scientosemantic domains of concepts are sourced out of bibliometric data obtained from appropriate queries on SCOPUS.	2
In this paper, we explore as an example of such process of knowledge evolution the case of Crepon, Duguet, and Mairesse's (1998) article 'Research, Innovation and Productivity: An Econometric Analysis at the Firm Level', 'CDM' for short.	1
This paper explores the operationalization of these dimensions using a qualitative, case study-based approach.	3
The term open scholarship is derived from the open knowledge movement, so, theoretically, the meaning of the word “open” in open scholarship should be the same with that of the word “open” in open knowledge movement.	0
The centrality of Project 5-100 universities in the global academic network has increased, along with their visibility and coupling in the national network.	4
Ultimately, we still need to work toward institutional change at those great bottlenecks of hiring and promotion.	5
To test the robustness of our models we used the jackknife method.	3
As to the first item, Table 6 gives an overview of the rating indexes of large universities participating in the VTR.	0
To describe the technology knowledge diffusion of patent families under the combined action of citation (Ci) and transfer (Tr), we proposed the following patent family affect (PA) function based our previous work (Hou & Yang, 2019):	3
Grounded in the question of whether diversity in collaboration is always optimal, this study explored the relationship between collaboration diversity and societal impact in interdisciplinary research, and the role of cognitive distance.	1
The research metrics (ie, NIH funding, number of faculty publications, and h-index) that reflect novel contributions to the field were considered high value, thus given a weight of 1.0.	3
In this paper, we analytically and empirically compare researcher level and paper level credit diffusion methods.	5
The most pronounced peak is visible for 1976 with Pinski and Narin (1976) and de Solla Price (1976) as the most important publications.	4
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.	0
The idea behind the concept of productive interactions is that academic knowledge cannot simply be delivered; it develops through the interaction with interested parties in a particular context, and that impact is the result of a collaborative contribution.	5
Whilst the USA made the greatest total contribution with 12 912 publications, when adjusted for the number of specialist ORL-HNS clinicians in each country, Australia, Canada and India in order topped the rankings.	4
After obtaining the set of journals, all publications for the period 1998–2008 were downloaded from the Web of Science.	2
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
I have listed a few that I had the privilege to meet; others could be added, but still they are few.	0
papers that may be highly cited), which is a distinctive trait of the so-called “academic capitalism".	5
This led to a final dataset including 7179 observations on 2913 submissions.	2
We assessed AJNR-published articles for each branch of neuroradiology (Brain, Spine, Head and Neck, Neurointerventional Radiology [NIR], and Pediatrics [Ped]) to determine changes in the authorship characteristics of those who publish in the AJNR across time.	1
In 31 JCR groups (about 18 % of the whole set), the addition of just 1 more citation to the number of citations used to compute the JIF changed the rank order for more than 25 % of journals in these JCR groups.	4
In particular, as exposed through the theoretical model, the idea behind the model is that the scientific publications published by collaborations generate positive externalities for all the universities involved in the economic process.	5
Our aim was to investigate: (1) the relationship between number of reviewer invitations and probability of acceptance, and (2) the limitation that number of reviewer invitations may have on citation rates (citations per year).	1
The four most widely used databases were GS (88%), WoS (59%), WoSCC (58%) and Scopus (27%).	4
We conducted the Monte Carlo simulation using the software @Risk version 7.6 (Palisade 2016b) to answer the 2nd research question (what is the probability density function of NΦ, for a specific Nψ value?).	3
It can be concluded that health research system in Iran is improving and the number of scientific papers, scientific journals, and research centers are completely appropriate.	5
The new themes we identified include IoT and Ubiquitous Computing, IS Risk Management, Analytics, and Web of Future.	5
The RAMs include the classic 2-year impact factor including journal self citations (2YIF), 2-year impact factor excluding journal self citations (2YIF*), 5-year impact factor including journal self citations (5YIF), Immediacy including journal self citations, Eigenfactor (or Journal Influence), Article Influence (AI), h-index, Papers Ignored-By Even The Authors (PI-BETA), Self-citation Threshold Approval Rating (STAR), 5YD2 (namely, 5YIF divided by 2YIF), Escalating Self Citations (ESC) and Index of Citation Quality (ICQ).	3
We identify the contribution of the relative productivity of different scientific disciplines in predicting the future economic growth of a nation.	1
patents since 1970, shows that how scientists sample the ever-expanding literature is critical to making breakthroughs, irrespective of discipline.	2
We compute the interfield productivity differences in various countries by adopting the bibliometric methodology used in Schubert and Braun (1992).	3
Regarding the specific scientific fields in which this collaboration is most relevant, biochemistry, genetics and molecular biology, and medicine together account for almost 40% of the total works.	4
This study assessed the impact of this issue on the retrieval efficiency of retraction records for 2,692 Chinese university names in English.	1
Several traditional citation indicators, including Journal Impact Factor (JIF), 5-Year Impact Factor (IF5), and Cited Half-Life (CHF) were collected from JCR (2008–2017) for these journals to make a comparison with the proposed indicators.	2
The linear correlation observed in term of values and ranks of metrics of the indicators with the help of scatter plot hence concluded that the selected indicators could use as an alternative to each other.	5
For each country, articles were discarded unless all affiliations in Scopus were from that country.	2
The implementation of a gender perspective shows that most of the first, second and third authors of the papers are women.	4
Ricardo Brito López: Concieved and designed the analysis; Contributed data or analysis tools; Performed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
We argue that those who develop these rankings should consider using author credit allocation tools that are utilized in other disciplines (e.g., Abbas 2011).	5
However, the total number of publications also increased for these journals.	0
As our primary data source, we used the Scopus database, where we retrieved all articles that report at least one author as being affiliated to a Chilean university for the year 2016.	2
5 The majority of articles in some journals, such as Spatial Vision and Behavioral and Brain Sciences, are not cited often, but a few articles from those journals are highly cited, which leads to an immense increase in the mean citations per year needed to achieve the 99th percentile ranking.	0
Excellence policies aim at a selective group of extraordinary researchers, but affect a broad range of researchers.	5
The accuracy of the prediction model was 76.84 %, whereas recall for the model (ability of a search to find all relevant items in the corpus) was 94.47 %.	4
We first analyze the characteristics of algorithm networks and then use various centrality metrics to obtain the score and ranking of group influence for each algorithm in the whole domain and each year.	3
Results show that PSWE explained future research performance, with the highest impact on the quality of publications.	4
The ARWU ranks universities using a composite of six indicators: Alumni of an institution winning Nobel Prizes and Fields Medals (10%), Staff of an institution winning Nobel Prizes and Fields Medals (20%), Highly cited researchers in 21 broad subject categories (20%), papers published in Nature and Science (20%), papers indexed in Science Citation Index-expanded and Social Science Citation Index (20%), and the weighted scores of the above five indicators divided by the number of full-time equivalent academic staff (10%).	3
There was a trend of increasing h index with higher NIH-funding ranges (p < 0.05).	4
We found that the correlations between departmental h-scores and REF 2014 results are more or less the same as those between the former and RAE 2008 (Mryglod et al.	5
This study demonstrated that the multidimensional nature of research fraud and that behaviors representing each dimension vary considerably in terms of their perceived prevalence.	5
The experiments also indicate that metadata plays a predominant role in predicting the impact of papers.	5
It has to be mentioned that many predatory journals add the name of legitimate researchers as editorial board members without their consent.	0
In our study we have included the following countries: Albania (AL), Bosnia and Herzegovina (BA), Bulgaria (BG), Croatia (HR), Cyprus (CY), Greece (GR), Macedonia (MK), Moldova (MD), Montenegro (MN), Romania (RO), Serbia (SR), Slovenia (SI), Turkey (TR) and Yugoslavia (YU).	2
DCA is one resource that may enhance transdisciplinary pursuits by helping scholars and practitioners to identify peer-recognized documents and communities of scholarship.	5
For each participant, two ego-networks were collected; either Academia.edu or ResearchGate (as an academic SNS, depending on which site they primarily use), and Twitter.	2
The least studied subject was bone and soft tissue tumors with 3.8% (n=73).	4
It turns out that a substantial portion of the signatories was either unidentifiable (21%) or had not published in any outlet, to our knowledge, since signing (19%).	4
Due to the sheer volume of the dataset, we selected the top ten titles, displaying the largest following measures:	3
In a second step, we downloaded the full publication histories of all 198 individual researchers, using the Clarivate Analytics Web of Science database.	2
Also, papers originated from English-speaking countries have in general more visibility and impact (and consequently citations) when compared to papers originated from non-English-speaking countries.	4
The publications of 31 research scientists within one of these institutes was examined to determine the extent of publishing in predatory journals.	2
Utilizing the inception of National Big Data Comprehensive Pilot Zones in 2015 and 2016 as a quasi-natural experiment, the research employs a multi-period Difference-in-Differences model to investigate the repercussions of data elements on sustainable urban development.	3
The largest mean gap between clusters is the belief that, in an all open access world, “More people would read and use my research.”	0
Essential Science Indicators (ESI) is an analytical tool that helps to identify top-performing research in Web of Science Core Collection.	2
For GB citations, Google Books API searches were used in the previously developed and tested software, Webometric Analyst (http://lexiurl.wlv.ac.uk, "Books" tab), to locate GB citations and to remove false matches (e.g., advertisements, book reviews, and bibliographies) for all 2,739 BKCI monographs (for method details, see Kousha & Thelwall, 2014).	3
The most articles published from China and the most articles were published in 2014.	4
By calculating regression analyses for both rankings for consecutive years for 2010–2014, we tried to determine the amount of inconsistent fluctuations that can most likely not be explained by changes in university performance (e.g., by increase of publications/citations, change in student/faculty numbers) and listed the universities with the most extreme changes in ranking position for the THE and ARWU.	3
Our findings show that European IS scholars do not seem to significantly differ (anymore) from their North American counterparts – “superstar” professors aside - in terms of academic impact measures such as the h-index.	5
The study focusses on Cuba as the emerging economy and explore how the extent and distribution of its international scientific collaborations have influenced its research productivity.	1
The averaged inter-coder consistency was as high as 0.948, meaning that our analysis is of good reliability.	3
Of 495 articles, 313 (63%; 95% CI 58 to 68) had evidence of plagiarism: 17% (83) had at least four linked copied or more than six individual copied sentences; 19% (96) had three to six copied sentences; and the remainder had one or two copied sentences.	4
The results do not find a significant change in library and information science dissertation topics in China but reveal that the increase of library and information science doctoral research in the area of information science is attributed to an increase in admissions to Information Science majors compared to other majors (Library Science and Archive Studies).	4
We investigate the role of public funding in the rapid ascent of Chinese science by examining the impact of a major upgrade of a funding program of the National Natural Science Foundation of China in 2011.	1
Honorary authorship is relatively common in biomedical publications.	5
The aim of this study is to dem-onstrate that the attitude to the metrics varies between researchers depending on their aca-demic cultural preferences.	1
To avoid the assumptions for the distributions, we use the Mann–Whitney U test.	3
In addition, C2016, the total citations only in 2016, was also applied (Ho, 2012).	3
This work exemplifies also how scientometric methods can be used to illuminate historic circumstances immediately stimulating scientific research.	5
For China, the areas and numbers are: GDP share (13.40%): energy (25.85%), engineering (19.95%), chemical engineering (17.61%), computer science (16.98%), materials science (16.02%), and chemistry (13.50%).	4
We performed an all-author co-citation analysis (Persson, 2001) by manually collecting data from 23 journals publishing Italian sociology research identified through a survey of the members of the AIS.	3
Data collection was carried out through several stages.	2
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
offshore wind and sustainable materials) and adapt (e.g.	5
However, the characteristics ascribed to top talent vary depending on the evaluation context.	4
The Pajek software package was then employed to discover the specialties with two modules named Louvain Method and Pathfinder based on matrix B.	3
The inclusion criteria were having approval from the Medical Council for the Development of Medical Sciences Universities (Table 1).	2
By using three journal quality indicators—IF, AIS, and NE-to account for the quality of publications and citations, the robustness of the results was validated.	3
The fractional JSDα has the advantage of producing a better discrimination of the patterns.	4
In the second step, we test the relationship between the dimensions and quality of papers (as measured by the post-publication peer-review system of F1000Prime assessments)–using regression analysis.	1
The following example illustrates some of the administrative steps taken by the editors of Communications of AIS (CAIS) to ensure its success, reputation, and brand name recognition:	0
How does the relationship between Mendeley readership counts and citations vary over time?	1
Further details concerning the interpretation of the map are given in Fig.	0
The USA, UK and Europe accounted for 60.2% of articles published, with the USA contributing 7388 articles (34.0%).	4
Lastly, an ego-analysis of one of the authors (the first author of this article) was also carried out to answer RQ2 (intra-author variability).	3
The title of each unmatched document citing Xin A was compared to the titles of all the unmatched document citing Xin B, using the restricted Damerau- Levenshtein distance (optimal string alignment) (Damerau, 1964; Levenshtein, 1966).	3
One motivation behind publishing Letters to the Editor involves obtaining PubMed IDs for the UK Foundation Programme.	1
For this, we use natural language processing techniques of phrase extraction and structural topic modeling (22, 23) to identify terms representing substantive concepts in millions of documents (# concepts, mean = 56.500; median = 57; SD = 19.440; see Materials and Methods and SI Appendix, Table S1) (24).	3
Results evidence that URL mentions can be used to gather all sorts of online impacts related to non-traditional research objects, like software, thus expanding the analytical scientometric toolset by incorporating a novel digital dimension.	5
With this kind of disclaimer, the quality of articles in the university-sponsored supplements may be self-evident.	5
The author wishes to acknowledge the creative collaboration of Susan Ramee, formerly of ISI, who developed the SCI-Map software under Microsoft Windows and now does Windows programming in the state of Washington, USA.	0
Papers published between 2004 and 2008 were identified for analysis.	2
The authors have no conflicts of interest relevant to this article.	0
The National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) 2016 rankings have released a wealth of bibliometric data that is otherwise difficult to collect.	1
Kwangseon Hwang, Associate Research Fellow, PhD, Korea Institute of S&T Evaluation and Planning.	0
While interdisciplinarity and team diversity have been extensively studied, the temporal diversity of knowledge remains underexplored.	1
1 History of publications by authors from the Baltic States in the Web of Science journals (data 10 January 2011)	0
Specifically, it reviews the board composition of 39 Journal Citation Report journals indexed in quartile one (QI) and quartile two (Q2) in the category of 'communication', proposing a typology of dominant nationalities.	2
Using standard bibliometric indicators (such as the number of papers and authors, and productivity by country, among others), laws (Price's, Lotka's, and Bradford's laws) and an index for measuring gender disparity [the Gender Inequality Index (GII)], this article aims to assess the development and growth of research in this field by reviewing the related scientific literature.	1
We thank Michael Schreiber for an exchange of ideas and an anonymous reviewer for recommendations that significantly improved 1 the paper.	0
Our target population is composed of 792 academic statisticians who have permanent positions in Italian universities, as recorded in the MIUR database in March 2010, belonging to the five subfields (Table 1): Statistics (Stat), Statistics for Experimental and Technological Research (Stat for E&T), Economic Statistics (Economic Stat), Demography (Demo), and Social Statistics (Social Stat).	2
On the other hand, this paper also hires keyword co-word analysis and author co-citation analysis to identify hot spots and cooperation characteristics of the entrepreneurship education research topics.	3
We found that the 612 journals under examination are published in the Czech Republic by 254 organizations.	4
A total of 87 % of the authors have one or two publications.	4
Comparing Table 3 and Appendix B, the respondents are approximately representative of the chosen sample subject areas in terms of numbers.	0
We carefully analyzed a collection of (343) international articles from 48 faculty members of 26 HEls (21 Public + 5 Private) until March 2024 extending by July 2024.	2
Surgeons with doctorates appeared to have more publications and a greater perceived research impact than those with master's degrees, but this difference was not statistically significant.	5
Thirty-four programs, including 22 MSTP-funded programs, provided information on 1,888 individuals (49.6% of the nonresponders).	2
We do not find any significant effects for larger teams suggesting different practices when team size increases.	4
We analyze the determinants of collaboration among different countries using a gravity model.	3
We have found that the reference was Central for 4.4 % of citing articles overall and it was Central ten times more frequently for those articles containing three or more citation occasions.	4
When the data gathered in this study were arranged and analyzed, a number of patterns and tendencies were revealed.	0
The bibliometric indices of each paper (TC, CNCI, CP, JIF, and the SIGAPS category) were obtained from the InCites Benchmarking & AnalyticsTM (ClarivateTM) (22) and SIGAPS as of July 2021.	2
The need to generate evidence related to COVID-19, the acceleration of publication and peer-review process and the competition between journals may have influenced the quality of COVID-19 papers.	1
The number of publications per million (PmP) was calculated.	3
The linear regression model can be expressed as: MS = 0.42 * TS + 0.381 * TN + 0.057 * Ο + ε (Alexopoulos 2010)	0
The inspection and visualization of networks were performed with VOSviewer.	3
The results unveil a large variety in the kind of instructions and evaluation criteria as well as strong variations between journals of different rank.	5
The data was analysed by using generalized linear mixed model for binomial data, which takes into account the hierarchical structure of data and properly estimates the standard errors (Bornmann, et al., 2014a; Mutz & Daniel, 2007).	3
A scientific impact index f : X → N satisfies axiom Homo-max, if and only if there exists an infinite chain U k0 ≤ U k1 ≤ U k2 ≤ · · · ≤ Ukk ≤ Ukk+1 ≤ · · · of sequences in X∞ such that the following holds: for every x ∈ X, the index f(x) coincides with the least integer k for which x ≤ Ukk.	4
Following the Frascati Manual (OECD, 2015), which offers authoritative guidelines to collect R&D statistics, the number of employees is used as a measure of company size.	3
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
In summary, by taking advantage of the PACS codes that classify general areas of physics into multiple clearly defined sub-areas, we quantitatively measure the extent of interest change for over 14,000 scientists, and show an exponential distribution of interest change within the population.	5
This variable (Top 20% by Age of Idea Inputs) is our main outcome variable.	3
The global maps based on the Jaccard index (Fig.	4
The framework is extendable to other subject domains with little modification.	0
442 manuscripts underwent formal blinded peer-review by two independent reviewers during the study period.	4
A year after the research A received around 20 citations (Figure 1) and it remained at the same growth level for sequence year.	4
However, more scientific and industrial progress that has made history came from powerful collaborations.	0
It is in this context, that we undertook a systematic situational analysis of public health research in India in the new millennium, with the aim of describing public health research output, whether its focus reflects the current burden of diseases, whether the research is equitably distributed in the country, the research institutions, and funders and collaborations for public health research.	1
The paper suggests that a battery of non-robust metrics selected by the higher education institutions could support a greatly reduced peer-reviewed exercise.	5
This paper examines scientists' views on current funding conditions and the idea of random grant distribution.	1
To determine whether a rejected article was eventually published elsewhere, the title of the article and the corresponding author's name were used to search PubMed, Scirus, Scopus, and Google Scholar.	3
Keywords Complex networks · Directed acyclic graphs · Bibliometrics · Citation networks	0
The comparison results between the inferred and the actual topic trends show that g-DMR enables to predict the topic trends accurately whereas DMR with the several partitioning options fails to predict the topic trends.	5
One effective strategy widely employed in NutNet is sharing the manuscript as a .pdf file and requesting feedback in a shared online spreadsheet (e.g.	3
Second, the gender citation gap grows larger with time as men and women progress in their careers, but the opposite pattern holds when research productivity and collaborative networks are considered.	4
And, thirdly, we identify in which fields of study were finally published those papers that deal with the six key development issues and estimate the percentage of papers that may be draining from the development subject category into other subject categories.	3
One way of constructing groups is to use DEA to produce tiers of universities—known as ‘peeling the DEA onion’ (Barr et al.	3
To explore the increased production of journal articles in artistic disciplines and investigate specific factors associated with this trend, regression analysis was conducted (Table 5).	3
The papers funded by awards usually come from multiple topics, and most awards do not focus on the paper output in one topic, suggesting that papers funded by awards are diversified in their topics.	5
Estimation results with standardized coefficients indicated that eight hypotheses were accepted, including: (H1) Size of university is positively associated with research productivity (β = 0.34, p-value < 0.05); (H2) Time in operation of university is positively associated with research productivity (β = 0.23, p-value < 0.05); (H3) Location (in a big city) is positively associated with research productivity (β = 0.13, p-value < 0.05); (H5) Management policy has a positive impact on research productivity (β = 0.35, p-value < 0.05); (H6) Human resource policy has a positive impact on faculty research outcomes (β = 0.21, p-value < 0.05); (H11) Infrastructure policy has a positive impact on research productivity (β = 0.34, p-value < 0.05); (H16) Faculty research outcomes has a positive impact on research productivity (β = 0.15, p-value < 0.05); (H8) Communication policy has a negative impact on faculty research outcomes (β = -0.21, p-value < 0.05).	4
The g-index and h-index are calculated using data from Google Scholar employing the program created by Harzing [2007].	2
The results suggest that while DH scholars may not collaborate as frequently as those in other disciplines, when they do so their collaborations tend to be more international than in many Science and Engineering, and Social Sciences disciplines.	4
N refers to total number of articles selected according to inclusion criteria, while n refers to sample size.	0
Via an analysis of their respective blog posts, Forum cases, presentations, and best practice guidance, we build a genealogy of the fake review discourse and highlight the variety of players involved in staking out the fake.	2
The most accentuated growth in articles in open access journals occurred since 2000, when this type of publication represented approximately 24.00% of the total set of articles published in journals.	4
We transcribed and analyzed the interview data using Braun & Clark's (2006) thematic analysis technique, which helped us codify the in-depth interview data for analysis using Bourdieu's (1991) symbolic violence.	3
Results suggest that the proposed approach can identify SCI publications within millions of NPRs in not a short computing time but an acceptable one and that it performs as expected from the evaluation by using a sample NPR dataset even for a comprehensive set of NPRs.	5
In accordance with the classification of the World Bank, the G-20 countries were allocated into lower middle-income (1045 to 4125 US$ GNI per capita) countries (India, Indonesia), upper middle-income (4125 to 12,746 US$ GNI per capita) countries (Argentina, Brazil, China, Mexico, South Africa, Turkey) and high-income (> 12,746US$ GNI per capita) countries (Australia, Canada, EU, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Korea, UK, USA).	2
Kendall’s tau was used to determine correlations between rankings, while Wilcoxon’s matched pairs test was used to estimate the differences in ranks.	3
The subcategories are numbered for ease of reference only; the numbers are not intended to convey a sense of precision about the arrangement of items.	0
At the DKG, men are more likely to present in male-led sessions and women more likely to present in female-led sessions (significant tendency towards homophily).	4
The first data set contains bibliographic information concerning all publications up to 2019 in a well-defined set of economics journals by Portuguese researchers and researchers affiliated with Portuguese institutions.	2
A major goal was to transform the administrative system of publishing houses.	1
In the present study, data analyses were performed by two researchers considering all publications from 1990 to May 2020.	2
The relevance ranking method proposed here, then, is to use the number of citation overlaps that a document shares with the key papers as the relevance ranking for that document.	3
The 31 papers were published by 13 different journals between 2014 and 2017 (Table 1).	2
Our aim was to collate a list of objectively chosen and ranked seminal papers deemed to be of major importance in ecology, thus providing a general 'must-read' list for any ecologist, regardless of particular topic or expertise.	1
This article presents an approach for the classification of M&S as a scientific discipline and a framework for ensuing analysis.	1
However, there were also some significant differences pointing to the need for a dynamic classification system of sciences to better characterize them.	4
Hence F1000 could be used in research evaluation exercises when the importance of practical findings needs to be recognised.	5
Hybrid had the greatest mean attention (10.35), and open journal (6.16) had a lower mean attention than all other categories (P ≤ .002).	4
Embedded systems, IoT, manufacturing, and automation are the research topics that characterize the current state of research in industrial computing.	5
* p < 0.05, ** p < 0.01, *** p < 0.001	0
The librarians' interviews were based on items extracted from the “Librarians' attitudes towards open access, principles and related behaviors survey,” and included items that deal with changes in the practice of the academic library based on Perkins and Slowik's (2013) study.	3
The analysis is based on data from the Web of Science database.	2
Table 3 presents data about the trends in co-authorship between 1996 and 2015.	0
All content following this page was uploaded by Chris Fradkin on 12 June 2024.	0
For instance, multidisciplinary journals usually play important roles, such as 29,812 and 2574 publications in PLoS ONE and Nature, respectively, in 2015 in calling attention to advances in sharing and contributing science knowledge.	5
We ended up with 127 records with full text available for further analysis.	2
This paper argues that quantitative science studies should frame their data and analyses with middle-range sociological theories and concepts.	1
Based on the above research deficiencies, this paper proposes to study the patent coupling from the perspective of the patent inventor and conduct a comparative study of IBPCA and IPPCA from the perspective of the exploration of the method itself.	1
We employed bibliometric analysis and visualizing methods to detect the features of EJMSTE.	3
The principle aims of the paper are to show the following: (a) how Chinese researchers establish trustworthiness and quality in regard to their scholarly reading, citing, and publishing and (b) whether there have been any changes in practice as a result of the emergence of new forms of scholarly communication, such as open access publications and social media.	1
This retrieved metadata is also used by other services, such as the collection service described below.	0
Then, a two-sample proportion test for each indicator was used to examine whether the proportion of successes of female and male authors were significantly different from each other.	3
To this end, we proposed a project-based team identification approach, which gives particular attention to funded teams.	1
Bibliometrics is defined as the study of statistical and mathematical methods used to quantitatively analyze scientific literature.	1
Supplementary material associated with this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:10.1016/j.joi.2024.101564.	0
The authors are with the Department of Management, University of Houston, Houston, TX 77004.	0
Of the 50 most cited articles on rotator cuff repair, the number of citations ranged from 138 to 677 (mean, 232±133 citations) and citation density ranged from 3.8 to 53.5 citations per year (mean, 16.9±9.2 citations per year).	4
Results show that the McGill University Library has access to almost all of the journals identified as important to social work.	4
Therefore, we can conclude that journals in WoS may be indexed in this database with the help of author self-citation.	5
Full-sample bootstrap causality tests reveal no causal relationship between research and growth in the US.	4
We ended up with N = 776 economists.	2
Using an exhaustive corpus of Masters’ theses and a combination of logistic regression and Targeted Maximum Likelihood Estimation to establish causalities, this paper focuses on some of the structural determinants of graduate students’ career choices.	1
A scholar's network is defined as the group formed by them and all their co-authors in Scopus-ranked publications.	2
Productivity is strongly associated with institutional type, reproducing established patterns of research power.	4
The bibliographic citations plus “cited references” were retrieved from the Web of Science, while only bibliographic citations were retrieved from the other two databases.	3
The average effect of OA on the journals from Big Five publishers is 0.309, whereas the effect on the journals from other publishers is 0.0742.	4
We have presented citation data extracted from the InCites? database to compare quantitatively the research performances across countries and science-and-engineering research organizations in India.	5
Ethical approval This article does not contain any studies with human participants or animals performed by any of the authors.	0
The use of mapping tools also lets us explore the information space generated for the subject under study and identify trends in collaborations between entities and the emergence of different topics, some of them resulting in a combination of different concepts, methods, and technologies.	5
We discovered five prominent themes across the 74 documents.	4
These findings offer implications for handling retractions more effectively and efficiently.	5
Request: In this category, we coded each retracted paper based on how the decision to retract was first initiated or how it was first requested.	3
Confirmatory factor analysis did not support the presence of three initially assumed separate domains of publication pressure (i.e., personally experienced publication pressure, publication pressure in general, pressure on position of scientist).	4
The results demonstrate that authors in the field of Healthcare tend to cite highly cited documents when they have a choice.	4
Los resultados prueban que ocupar los primeros puestos en Shanghai no garantiza los mejores resultados en el desempe?o académico.	4
After that, we can observe a sharp decline in the number of information sources, reaching the bottom in 1993.	4
Journal Citation Reports (JCR), included in Web of Science maintained by Clarivate Analytics, was used between July and October, 2020 to retrieve journal and reference information.	2
Chemistry and Material Sciences are the core discipline, and they play an important role in the network.	4
The dataset includes information about age, productivity, PhD studies, PhD scholars, institutional belonging, discipline, position and gender.	2
This part includes the examination of category normalised citation impacts (CNCI), the quartile distribution of journals in which the articles are published.	3
The goals of the survey were describing the authors choosing to publish in these four megajournals; determining the factors influencing their decision to publish in the journal they chose and the means by which they funded the APC or in the case of PeerJ, the membership fee.	1
Our survey retrieved 200,033 papers on 'population genetics' between 1945 and 2013, of which 270 papers specifically addressed questions about Neotropical plants (see raw data in Supporting Information Table S1).	4
From it, we can conclude that the first and the last author have some significant meaning are complementary [35].	5
In addition, the same database was used to unveil all contact lens-related articles published in 2011 in the same thematic area, whereupon differences in citation parameters between those articles published in contact lens and non-contact lens-related journals were explored.	2
To identifying and to ranking the importance of A&I databases to participating authors in different subject domains.	1
Net export and trade openness are standard metrics for international trade in goods.	3
A focus is on the analysis of spillover effects on external organizations (i.e., non-affiliated users).	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cshe20	0
The average rank is not an average of the other three rank values but a rank based on the average.	0
Publication data were drawn from the Thomson Reuters Web of Science that annually index the contents of over 12,000 journals worldwide and contains the Science Citation Index.	2
Publication pressure, QRPs, and moral disengagement were all significantly positively correlated.	4
Results suggest that information about how mobile an academic is before and during its career is relevant when estimating the effects of endogamy on academic productivity and international academic experiences are correlated with higher likelihood of publishing.	4
We delete the edges whose weights are fewer than 3 and the isolated nodes.	0
coefficient, 0.01228; 95% CI, 0.01035-0.01423; P < .0001) as well as the WoS h-index (?	4
Different bibliometric software were employed to visualize the co-authorship network, citation analysis and research theme detection.	3
A second relevant social downside of contemporary publication pressure relates to the erosion of incentives to invest into teaching, mentoring, and education outside one's own lab (Adler and Harzing 2009).	4
The aim of this article is to discuss the relationship between disciplinary diversity (multidisciplinarity) and the performance of researchers, exploring the moderating role of social capital.	1
However, RCR is problematic in several ways, and CPR has been developed to remedy those failures.	5
10 we see that within all of the chemistry sub-disciplines there is a decline in submissions from female corresponding authors with increasing impact factor of journal and this is also seen in the analogous plot for first authors in Fig.	4
It reveals that librarians perceive themselves as being at the forefront of promoting OA in their institutions.	4
For this purpose we use normalized citation rates, particularly Relative Citation Rate (RCR) and the Mean Normalized Citation Rate (NMCR) (Gl?nzel et al.	3
To fully examine the intertwined doctoral mentors' role and postdoctoral international mobility in cumulative advantages of early academic careers, we tracked the trajectories of domestic and overseas postdocs who obtained their PhDs from the same department.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, 2017	0
Downloaded by UNIVERSITY COLLEGE LONDON At 05:22 01 March 2016 (PT)	0
This study draws on 75 interviews with 65 HSS academics and six senior university administrators from six Chinese universities, and four Chinese HSS journal editors.	2
Linear least square estimates were computed using Excel and all other computations were done using Mathematica 10.0.0.0.	3
The demonstrations include two hypothetical examples, and a case study of the role of scaffolding in an independent project ('capstone') of a graduate course in biostatistics.	2
First, there is still an important feature of the data that should be mentioned.	0
This article will explore each of these themes with reference to the case study presented, arguing for three claims along the way.	1
This study helped identify a current list of social work journals that can be useful for librarians doing liaison work or collection development in this field.	5
(2) Are projects that are strictly restricted by the fund more focused on traditional topics?	1
our analysis in Table 6 showed that the University of Manchester, with 61 documents, is the most productive institute with 1394 citations.	4
Surprisingly, out of the 213 and 285 unique Scopus publications cited in the Reference section of the case studies, only 2 and 0 papers had co-authors from museums or galleries based on their Scopus author affiliations, respectively.	4
Note: Two (2) notes and four (4) retracted articles were excluded.	0
The primary data source for this study was the 2017 download log file acquired from Sci-Hub, as detailed by (Elbakyan, 2018).	2
For network visualization, clusters are created in five steps:	3
The most important partners (thirty) of China in 1994 (publications number; two different scales)	0
This essay argues, however, that despite apparent similarities, metrics are used for different aims in different national cases.	1
This paper addresses the question of how an excellence funding instrument promotes excellent research, in terms of how the combination of specific features of the instrument stimulates favourable conditions for path-breaking research.	1
Between January 1993 and August 2017, how many times have articles on institutional repositories been cited in the SSCI per year?	1
For every citation the following information is recorded: Cited potential predatory journal or potential poor scientific standards journal.	3
In the open science environment, this article evaluates the discourse power of academic journals from the perspective of multiple integration.	1
We compared the presence of 20 topics (19 in the ICMJE Recommendations plus compliance with ICMJE) in the Instructions for Authors, and analyzed the content of the conflict of interest disclosure.	3
This paper is devoted to the challenges of measuring, analyzing and visualizing research capacity of university.	1
The main conclusion is that Malays have greatly increased their participation in research in Malaysia over the last 32 years, from 20 % in 1982–1984 to 65 % in 2012–2014.	5
Difference in the publication year of the different screening imaging modalities was compared using Mann-Whitney U test.	3
The number of non-OA journals indexed in SJR has increased by 2.1% (18,293–18,679) from 2011 to 2021.	4
As indicated by the data in Table 3, all the classifications obtained have lower granularity than those based on the ASJC, i.e., since the number of categories is similar, the categories are less equal in size.	4
We see that United States dominates the list in terms of the top trade partnership in ideas.	4
The AAN contains 14,912 papers published in various ACL venues covering topics in the field of Natural Language Processing (NLP).	2
In a subset of neurosurgeons, we computed the contemporary h-index (hc), which accounts for the age of the publications; the authorship value (AV), weighted by author position; and the journal IF.	3
"The authors make a direct comparison of the two major methods ..." [no coding, descriptive]	0
We interpret these large effects as showing that even when working in relatively favorable conditions, search costs and frictions continue to powerfully shape (and limit) the formation of collaborations between scientists.	5
Summers is an Associate Professor, Brady Williams is an alumnus, and David A.	0
The purpose of the current study was to evaluate scientific productivity in orthopedics research using bibliometric methods to provide a general picture of orthopedic research for researchers and clinicians.	1
Manifest and latent analysis methods were applied to analyse the ads.	3
The findings suggest that the field of educational research is not being accurately, fully or transparently assessed in Australia's national research quality assessment.	5
When disagreement occurs with a specific citation, the third coder refereed.	3
The analysis is based on publication types “article” and “review” from Scopus.	2
An important aspect of our findings is the low integration of Ukrainian A&H into the global scholarly information system: Ukrainian A&H authors tend to publish their results in local journals targeting domestic audiences.	5
The overlay analysis shows that in the past decade, the main disciplines at the forefront of research have been Discipline 1 (mathematical operations, systems, and related mathematics) and Discipline 7 (veterinary and animal sciences), indicating that research in this field has been integrated with research in multiple disciplines.	5
Received: 11 April 2023 / Accepted: 20 August 2023 / Published online: 25 September 2023	0
The top three subject areas in terms of average citation counts were publishing (M = 3.0, SD = 2.00), foundations of LIS (M = 2.70, SD = 3.18), and library & information services (M = 2.47, SD = 3.18).	4
It was found for single-blind papers that papers with higher citation per year had a shorter publication time.	4
This study investigates research integrity among PhD students in health sciences at three universities in Scandinavia (Stockholm, Oslo, Odense).	1
Table 2 indicates that 30% either had no guidelines or could not remember whether they had them.	4
Unconscious bias may interfere with the interpretation of research from some settings, particularly from lower-income countries.	1
This study aims to analyse the growth of the IJCIM over the last three decades through a general bibliometric study.	1
We find significant evidence for author self-citing and author reciprocal citing in the scientific system.	4
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
The thematic evolution analysis of the publications in the ECECSR Journal indicates a shift in research concerns, reflecting adaptation to new economic realities and concerns for efficiency and adaptability.	5
A total of 91,216 articles were published in the 61 orthopedics journals from 2000 to 2011.	2
However, the other half immediately clicked on the word “Share,” which appeared on the lower half of the page beside a small icon simply as a way to add some aesthetic appeal to the homepage along with the words “Discover” and “Preserve.”	4
Apart from authors, who else are held accountable for retractions?	1
Our findings suggest that this neurosurgical collaboration model, which contributed to 3.4% of Mexico's neurosurgical research output, correlated with the overall increase in neurosurgical research productivity in Mexico.	5
These findings suggest that instead of suppressing cross-border migration and collaboration between the two nations, the science could benefit from promoting such activities.	5
M. Dekeyser (KHBO, Belgium) and several anonymous referees for their help in preparing this article.	0
Table 4 reveals that submissions in Q1 were 30% less likely to use the passive voice than submissions in Q4 (5.87 versus 8.34 per 1000 words).	4
The trends above analyzed suggest that the role private companies will play in the future will not be limited to support research economically and/or influence it from "outside".	5
The results of correlation analysis with Pearson’s correlation indicated that a positive correlation was found between total articles output, citations and TLS of journals on the research of the COVID-19 vaccine (p < 0.05).	4
Scientific productivity was assessed by means of a bibliometric study that included all published papers in clinical research in Dermatology between 2005 and 2014.	3
According to the CC, it can be concluded that willingness to cooperate among the authors in the e-learning area is low; they are more inclined to single- or two-author articles.	5
With these numbers, Brazil occupies the 9th place in the global ranking of scientific production on soil science.	4
However, scientific collaboration has a negative effect on the balance of references at all levels.	4
The goal of this study is to provide an overview of the publication and citation landscapes of the SE research literature, and to conduct an exploratory bibliometric assessment on quantity (number of) versus impact of the papers (as measured by citations), in the SE research literature, from the point of view of the researchers in this area.	1
Compared to direct citation analysis influenced by the idea of a separation of science and technology, the D-A-T path, taking the intermediate step via applied-oriented research into account, is the real backbone to reveal important “invisible contributions” of an original scientific work during its evolution outside academia.	5
To visualize the co-word analysis via network visualization to elucidate the academic foundations, a CVS file was created as a text database and VOSviewer was used to identify and visualize clusters using modularity-based clustering (Waltman et al., 2010).	3
At first, we refer to [1] to truncate each sequence into several subsequences or called subcareer series.	3
The results indicate that whites are particularly advantaged by productivity networks, and direct effects of race are fully mediated (i.e., there are no direct race effects), and being a white woman continues to have a direct negative effect.	4
However, the T5 screen is far from reliable.	4
The survey results are predominantly linked to the Habermas Lifeworld (LW), represented as the creation of a cross-school research culture, and one that emerged specifically in response to the university context.	4
The study revealed that many scholars are engaged in international publishing without being aware of the predatory journals and the adverse effect of these journals on their career progress.	5
But underlying all of these, and unifying its content, is the primacy of measurement.	0
(2) Are there significant differences between access types in the amount of published and referenced documents in the journals?	1
All in all, there is enormous scope for insight and understanding, that starts from subject matter and content.	0
The first question that comes to mind is: What is the average scholarly impact of private-sector publications as compared to public-sector ones?	1
The bibliometric analysis of domestic basic research in the field of energy (Energy & Fuels) on an array of more than 405000 publications in the world flow for 2008–2017 allowed us to establish our lag in the growth rate from the growth of the world array (two times against 3.1).	5
In Table 5, we showed that 61.6% of total authorships relate to specialized publications and 38.4% to diversified publications.	4
Women also took significantly longer - about 2 days - to complete their reviews (28.9 days) than did men (26.7 days).	4
In a second step, editors of Swiss law journals were questioned.	2
For sensitivity analysis we performed both automatic assignment on the whole group and manual assignment on a 10% random sample.	3
Basically, the convex skeleton rankings are quite well correlated (ρ ≈ 0.8, τ ≈ 0.6), which is in a stark contrast to the small correlation of the rankings produced from the maximum spanning trees (ρ ≈ 0.4, τ ≈ 0.3) shown in the second column of charts.	4
(1): Fundingit = α + βpost2005 + γpost2005*ExIni + δZit?1 + ΣiλiUniversity + uit	3
Invention disclosures are one measure of new scientific knowledge that represents and predicts the future scientific research output of a US federal laboratory.	1
For better or worse the name stuck, notwithstanding the question it raises of what an information retriever might be, or the image it invites of a bird-dog fetching the New York Times.	0
Its spread has intensified under the current wave of globalization and the communications revolution and is a major policy concern for industrialized countries.2	0
Secondly, I focussed on the scientific influence of the papers.	3
We see that X is a scalar measure of total research output.	0
Impact time (T*i) represents the characteristic time it takes for a paper to collect the bulk of its citations.	3
The average career length of males is 2.64 years longer than that of females.	4
The implications were that academic women’s research contribution matches that of a men’s productivity.	0
Future work should analyse the potential variables that explain the scholarly metrics differences between degrees and aim to analyse other areas of faculty impact beyond scholarly metrics.	5
There were 916 articles published in 2017 with 5 or more citations at the time of search query (August 13, 2018).	2
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=hcms20	0
In section 3 we discuss several rankings obtained by different methods.	0
On average, the first author is more likely to serve as the corresponding author in the most countries, with Russia having the percentage of the first author served as the corresponding author as high as 90%.	4
After initial screening of grants to ensure their relevance and institutional viability, the most common proposal and practice is of partial lotteries where traditional peer review winnows down postscreened applicant pools and lotteries are used for the remainder.	3
The method of the contrapositive of this conditional statement is adopted.	3
we used nonparametric tests, Spearman correlations, ordinal least squares regressions (OLS), quantile regressions, and zero-inflated negative binomial regression methods.	3
The results confirmed this hypothesis and showed that the clusters seemed to be divided according to topic and not by camp.	5
Average citations per item were calculated as a ratio of citations to the number of citable items.	3
Instead, many national journals become more integrated in the global journal network after they entered the database.	5
All other PIs and their associated grants were excluded from this analysis.	0
Pattern coding was used for second-cycle coding to categorize the initial codes into sub-themes from which categorical themes were derived (Salda?a, 2021).	3
Received: 25 August 2015 | Accepted: 11 November 2015 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 8 January 2016	0
Even more worrisome is that many instances of HARKing are driven and even encouraged by reviewers and editors as part of the peer-review process (Banks, O’Boyle et al., 2016; Bedeian et al., 2010).	4
We see that all five indicators show a strong, positive relation (including #refs and cas_size that are negative in the previous section).	4
Second, the same purposive sampling method was used to recruit academics in a range of career stages, with an emphasis on those in the later stages in order to differentiate between short- and long-term perspectives and experience of research impact.	3
Note: The table shows the first 20 universities according to the number of board positions (according to the broad definition).	0
In this paper, we use HistCite [http://interest.science.thomsonreuters.com/forms/HistCite/] to consider direct citation linkages among scientific papers (Garfield et al.	3
The 15 units represented examples of innovative and dynamic research environments from various research areas and different historical and developmental stages at the beginning of the millennium (Kalpazidou Schmidt et al.	2
Additionally, the paper also uses the visualization of similarities (VOS) viewer software to map graphically the bibliographic material.	3
* Corresponding author at: Capital University of Economics and Business, School of Safety and Environmental Engineering, 100070 Beijing, China.	0
Although the community was in almost unanimous agreement that so-called 'crackpots' should not have access to the trackback feature, it was unable to reach a consensus as to how to define a 'crackpot' or an 'active researcher'.	4
A total of 1116 studies published from 2003 to 2020 were included in the analysis.	2
As the first systematic exploration of LIS faculty experience with and attitudes toward open-access publishing, the results from this study fill a gap in our knowledge base about actual levels of support for and commitment to the foundational principle of access that informs both the discipline and the profession.	5
I have benefited from the comments of participants at a University of Saskatchewan workshop, and two anonymous referees, although the normal caveat applies.	0
We limited the study data obtained from the eLIBRARY.RU collection as follows: 1.	2
Furthermore, we have found that at least 30% of most countries' scientific production involves international collaboration and that the United States of America is the collaborator of choice in “Communication Studies”.	4
Our selected principal investigators published 18,070 papers in total, among which 6,832 papers indicated them as the corresponding authors.	2
2 Conversion of a weighted graph (left) to an unweighted graph (right)	0
The number of submissions that were published or accepted also differed significantly, with an average of 4.9 for men and 2.9 for women.	4
The ACM-Citation-Network (version 8, covering data entries up to July 2016) includes 2,381,688 research articles, published by 1,712,433 researchers, and 10,476,564 citation relationships ranging from 1936 to 2016 (ArnetMiner, 2017).	2
Next, we used PubMed (www.pubmed.gov) to search the MEDLINE data base for all articles published by these 20 authors in any journal between January 1, 2013, and December 31, 2017.	2
Semi-structured interviews with the technical managers were conducted to analyze how different actors of the project-researchers, government officials, and civil society and private sector stakeholders—were involved, illustrating how productive interactions occur in specific biodiversity contexts.	3
This study included a total of 29,090 articles in the analyses, 2,734 articles for the period 1986 to 1997, 7,315 articles for 1998 to 2007, and 19,041 articles for 2008 to 2017.	2
Only the past ten years (2006-2015) were considered.	2
To know the subject distribution of articles, the study was limited to 27 subfields within the broad spectrum of LIS.	3
Analyzing a large data set of publications drawn from the most competitive journals in the natural and social sciences we show that research careers exhibit the broad distributions of individual achievement characteristic of systems in which cumulative advantage plays a key role.	1
Leonardis [5896] by PageRank, Andrej Dobnikar [2272] and Sa?a Divjak [2268] by betweenness, and Bojan Cestnik [5806] and Viljan Mahni? [3307] by closeness.	4
(1) in 2019, more than 3 AI preprints were submitted to arXiv per hour, over 148 times faster than in 1994.	4
To our surprise, from the 2010s both groups experience the “invasion” of scientists from a completely different field—animal SNA.	5
This study considered only the scholarly articles published in English language as indexed by Scopus between 2012 and 2021.	2
Most importantly, a clear substitution pattern is revealed showing that network proximity mainly benefits international collaborations.	4
We suggest that one needs to ask not only “which country produces the highly-cited papers” but also “can we determine the countries on whose research the highly-cited papers build”?	1
It can also use the structural indicators of social network analysis fields such as structural hole, centrality, average distance, and clustering coefficient to characterize the spatial state of network.	3
If expenditure and pricing data are made more transparent, and publishers offer both global and local offsetting, then we can find a way to work towards a sustainable future for scholarly communications.	5
The findings show that grants are not equitably distributed, with women participating more intensely in the initial StGs than in the more prestigious AdGs in all areas, with a greater presence in social sciences than in physics and occupying a growing proportion of review panel seats but not chairs.	5
Notes: 1987, 1997 and 2007 data from Web of Science, 2017 data from Scopus.	0
L'inflation du nombre d'auteurs en physique des hautes énergies est donc accompagnée de propriétés émergentes non triviales, principalement une activité normative et régulatrice de la signature des publications, visibles aux principes édictés par la commission IUPAP/C11 en 2008 et à leur mise en ?uvre par les collaborations ATLAS et CMS.	4
For this purpose, a bibliometric analysis of the Web of Science database from 2000 to 2020 was used.	2
To address this question, we analyze Web of Science (WoS) data on international collaboration between global leader cities in science production.	1
It was observed that the average sizes of the topical collaboration networks were smaller than the size of the global network in terms of nodes (264.02 vs.	4
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
These developments raise the main question of this article: whether the attention to research papers is skewed toward the top of the citation distribution over time.	1
This reviewer sensitisation process largely leads to feedback that is more detailed and explicit but does not make reviewers more likely to pass through poor-quality work.	4
The results confirm some of the intuitions we have about the difference in nature between journal and conference papers.	5
Around one-third of patents that are reportedly inspired by the scientific literature contain no scientific references (cf.	4
We draw on the example of a project that analyzes indicators of innovation activities and strategies in 300 U.S. small- and medium-sized enterprises in green goods industries.	1
Respective values are given in Table 3 and indicated in Fig.	0
RQ2 Which position do the most productive research organizations and countries occupy in the field?	1
To this end, we used the LDA algorithm with parameters chunk size 2000, passes 20 and iterations 400.	3
Similarly, the average agreement of the CPA approach with the gold-standard ranking was observed as 0.53, which indicates that correlation of the proposed approach increased by 39% as compared to the CPA approach.	4
As we have shown in this article, however, the rankings paradigm is facing resistance from a wide range of social actors – academics, the media, policy-makers, and regional and international coalitions, that object to both the impact and the ideological underpinnings of the league tables themselves.	5
Citing discipline analysis provides, with some modest programming, a relatively easily implemented method for assessing the similarity of journals within disciplines or across allied disciplines that is computationally less expensive than using citing journal-based data.	5
However, we also found research areas that could only be identified using bibliometric indicators, e.g.	5
Finally, the acceleration results of each topic within itself and compared to other topics show that the most accelerated topic is "Gamification", while the most accelerated topic compared to other topics has been determined as "Technology acceptance".	4
From the PubMed database, we have downloaded 9,098 articles since 2011 for both Spine (Phila Pa 1976) and The Spine Journal: the official journal of the North American Spine Society (Spine J) (PMC, 2020).	2
With these vectors, a distance between every pair of references is computed.	3
β)?w(x), (3) where the weight β ∈ [0, 1].	3
After multivariate regression, number of manuscripts (OR = 1.14; p = 0.01) was significantly associated with initial academic job post-fellowship.	4
Is the author order in the contribution list and in the byline consistent?	1
This article focuses on initiatives for the creation of institutional spaces for interdisciplinary research in three Latin American universities: Universidad de Buenos Aires in Argentina, Universidad de la República in Uruguay and Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México.	1
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License.	0
The 5-year publication output (2003–2007) of two top-ranking German political science institutions, Department of Political Science at Mannheim University and Institute of Political Science at University of Muenster (CHE 2010; Hix 2004), were chosen as research samples.	2
Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) is a popular keyword thesaurus developed by the US National Library of Medicine.	2
The document set includes those MEDLINE citations with abstract available, resulting in 167,196 and 8,800 abstracts respectively.	2
In measuring similarity automatically, we have analysed two different parameters.	3
, yKy } from the other set at a time and compare the averages ∑Kx j=1 xj Kx and ∑Ky j=1 yj Ky reduces the overlap and thus improves the reliability, we propose a definition of the minimum representative size κ of each set for comparing sets by requiring roughly speaking √σ2x Kx + σ2y Ky ?	1
A search of Web of Science (Clarivate Analytics) was performed on February 19th, 2019.	2
Overall, the results suggest that Altmetric.com scores are not yet sufficiently effective for evaluating the impact of SSH research though they can provide new insights into impact evaluation.	5
We observe a drop in the number of depositions vis-a-vis the expected values of 15.2% at world level.	4
Full-text articles published during the selected period were downloaded from journals' webpages or repositories.	2
We also show that in all fields the numbers of sentences, references, and in-text mentions per article have increased over time, and that there are field-level and temporal differences in the numbers of in-text mentions per reference.	4
During the second phase of the project, to more effectively track the progression of ORCID, we developed the ORCID DE Monitor at the University of Bielefeld.	3
We then examined the impact factor (IF) of these journals that accepted the papers that were rejected at triage by NDT.	3
We develop a lexicon of users with 76,857 entries, which saturates the semantic field of social groups of users and allows normalization.	3
Figure 3 shows the growth in online and open access in the sample.	0
There was nothing whimsical about modelling the PFL after the Nutrition Facts label.	3
Doctoral Thesis Records: the data registered in the database TESEO (Tesis Espa?olas Ordenadas) were used.	2
There is a small correction to this form due to the possibility of that the same vertex i could be chosen more than once which is excluded in the actual model.	0
This study focused on exchange and cooperation (E&C) among the scientists of a 5-year transdisciplinary research initiative in Germany.	1
The numbers upon which Figure 9 is based are averages over 10 iterations.	0
The meaning of the second dimension (Y axis), however, is not as readily apparent.	0
We measure collaboration prevalence within an institution with (i) the average percentage of internally collaborative papers (ICPs) for each institution and (ii) co-authorship network connectedness.	3
These horizontal clusters and vertical directed knowledge paths within clusters provide us with a method to build a 'genealogical' or evolutionary tree of knowledge for a given field or sub-field of scientific literature.	3
According to the shape of histogram and the group to which scientist belongs, we have different strategies to choose indicators.	5
The second sample comprised 334 Hong Kong Chinese students (273 males, 59 females, and two unidentified), which included 106 students in Form 1 (Grade 7), 114 students in Form 2 (Grade 8), and 114 students in Form 3 (Grade 9).	2
However, the categorization used in these lists can be contradictory, triggering calls for clarification or even more homogeneity.	4
Our thanks go to J?rg Schl?pfer, ETH Zürich, for providing us with the data.	0
The purpose of this paper is to explore the potential motivation of knowledge convergence and find the law of knowledge convergence.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
To assess this scenario, a bibliometric analysis was performed of articles about spatial analysis from between 1950 and 2019.	1
The following section discusses the various modules of the proposed system.	0
The largest academic community (the biggest component) is the red cluster in the middle, which contains 8 authors who are mainly from the Harvard University School of Medicine, the Division of Hematology and Oncology of the Dana Farber Cancer Institute, and the Jerome Lipper Multiple Myeloma Center of Boston.	4
A total of 88 biomedical researchers out of the 268 Spanish scientists who filled up the survey participated in the study.	2
Our data show that even 5 years after their retraction, nearly half of Reuben's articles are still being quoted and the retraction status is correctly mentioned in only one quarter of the citations.	5
Robertson was the main referee of the journal Physical Review for papers concerning general relativity and related subjects.	1
The R-index satisfies not a single inequality included in properties (WA) or (GG).	4
How is scientific collaboration affected by funding in the examined universities?	1
Therefore, the final sample comprised 7,931 articles for further analysis.	2
The geographic distribution for both the Russian and US respondents was very wide: they came from six cities in Russia – Moscow (8), Pushchino, St.	2
We found the library to still be the heart of the university, and the value academics place on the university library goes beyond frequency of use to the library representing the quality of the university itself.	5
The cracks in question are: (1) peer review; (2) reputational assessment; (3) unethical/questionable practices; (4) collaboration; (5) networking.	1
Consistent themes such as citation analysis, network analysis, web-link analysis, Lotka law, collaboration network have been noticed in second phase (year 2008–2010), but the focuses are moving towards h-index, website, citation rate, co-author analysis, author cocitation analysis, web resource, keyword analysis, scientometric analysis, scientific collaboration, bibliographic coupling, information retrieval, webometrics, informetrics.	5
The impact of the shift is not possible to determine, but the reported numbers of institutional faculty reported by ARL may include both tenured/tenure-track and non-tenure-track faculty.	0
Our main finding is the observation of a stable relationship between the world share of public funding in basic research and the world share of current knowledge production (for which scientific publications and citations indexes are good proxies), with a scaling exponent comprised in between 0.55 and 0.9.	5
b Morrison Institute for Population and Resource Studies, Stanford University, Stanford (USA)	0
Therefore, the overall h-index was 19.30 (SD = 3.72, R?	4
The conclusions of this study hold implications at the intersection of merchandising, sectors, new technologies, research methodologies and merchandising-practitioner education.	5
Appendix (Table 8) shows the basic profile and descriptive statistics of the Nobel laureates collected in this study to provide a comprehensive understanding of the context of gender, age at the highest degree, the number of nominations, research methods, and the award field in our empirical study.	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/301731437	0
Recruitment of SSO members, a focus on higher performing divisions, and NIH funding are factors that non-NCI cancer centers may be able to focus on to improve academic productivity to aid in obtaining NCI designation.	5
I thank G?ran Ahrne, Ingrid Schild and árni Sverrisson for their helpful comments on earlier versions of the article.	0
On average, about one third of the proposals ranked in the top quartile by one referee are ranked in the same quartile by any other referee of the panel.	4
Submitted December 9, 2018; revised March 26, 2019; accepted March 31, 2019	0
The 2017 IF was calculated by dividing the number of 2017 citations of articles published in 2015 and 2016 by the number of articles published in 2015 and 2016.	3
The indicator for H2 is calculated as Alignment = ∑Sqrt (Pi,ref * Pi,pub), summing over all topics, where Pi,ref and Pi,pub are the percentages of proposal references and applicant publications by topic i, respectively.	3
The version of WoS that is used, includes the Science Citation Index Expanded, the Social Sciences Citation Index and Arts and Humanities Citation Index.	2
It does not represent the views of the NIH, NIEHS, or the U.S.	0
As a result, the influence of all the proposed factors was revealed, although the degree of influence for each of them turned out to be different.	4
In this paper, we study the academic genealogy graph/network (AGN) in Shodhganga which is the Indian Electronic Theses and Dissertations (ETD) database.	1
Herein the theoretical model for the negotiation of authorship developed through the analysis of these interviews is reported.	4
Note: Journal number implies the number of journals in the discipline in the 2018 JCR; citable documents indicates the number of research articles and reviews in the discipline in 2016–2017;	0
The findings suggest that semantic categories vary across disciplines and rhetorical structures, necessitating further exploration with larger and more diverse datasets.	5
All content following this page was uploaded by Borja González-Albo on 20 December 2013.	0
Once appropriate fixed effects are included, however, the aggregate result cannot be distinguished from 0.	4
Commercial research funders lag behind academical funders in the development of mandatory open access policies, and it is time for them to work with publishers to advance the dissemination of the research they fund.	5
I explore the basis for five such rights and analyze the forces that are likely to make abiding by these rights difficult in practice.	1
In-group determines that a paper must have two or more authors from the same research group to be selected.	3
These indicators are applied by examining the journal and publisher websites, such as whether articles had DOIs or there were clear rights for use and re-use of articles.	3
If you can show that multiple methods (even methods: that you consider flawed) all lead to the same conclusions, your case will be enhanced.	5
The focus of this study is open access article processing charges (APCs) for two reasons: (1) to establish and track the trajectory of this approach over time, e.g., to examine whether competition emerges or whether market forces result in the same dysfunction in this system that has long been evident in the subscriptions market; and (2) the APC is one of the best indicators of per-article cost, a key factor in macro analysis of the potential for transformation of the whole system of scholarly journal publishing from subscriptions to open access; this work will inform future macro level analyses (i.e., an update of Morrison's 2013 article [11]) to support the economic shift from subscriptions to open access.	1
The outcomes show that in these 48 journals, publications and citations of Ukrainian authors amount to 68.2% and 51.8% respectively.	4
Panagiotis Christou, Centre Dentaire Lancy, Chemin de la Caroline 18a, 1213 Petit Lancy, Geneva, Switzerland.	0
The dataset includes citation records of almost all faculty at the top 50 economics departments in the 1995 NRC ranking.	2
Especially climate change had become a very hot topic, as the global climate seriously affected the aquatic ecosystem.	5
This work was supported by the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation through Strasser's in-kind contributions and support for Khare as an intern.	0
We hypothesized instead that modifying the normalization to constrain substitution references to be drawn only from the citation network being studied (the “local network") rather than all of WoS (the “global network") would reduce model misspecification by limiting substitutions from references that were ectopic to these networks.	1
If you would like to write for this, or any other Emerald publication, then please use our Emerald for Authors service information about how to choose which publication to write for and submission guidelines are available for all.	0
Web of Science (WOS) was searched to create a database of all English language scientific journals.	2
This article analyzes higher education research published in international higher education journals by researchers from China, Hong Kong, Japan, and Malaysia from 1980 to 2013.	1
There were a total of 378 journal papers documented and analysed in the study.	2
The overall collaboration between Australian and New Zealand authors was very low which lends itself to opportunities for future research.	5
Most scientometric methods are relation-based analyses, which can be divided into three categories: citation relations, word co-occurrence, and co-authorship relations (Li et al., 2021).	3
The number of retractions increased over the years, especially since 2000 (Spearman's rho=0.764, p <0.001).	4
The percentage of original submissions from female corresponding authors that are ultimately accepted, at 22.9%, is very slightly, but significantly (p = 1.25 × 10?14) below that of all submissions.	4
For each field, lists of Spanish and UK journal articles published in the year 2012 and their citation counts were extracted from Scopus.	2
During the past decade, the annual volume of publications from Australian and New Zealand authors on the topic of ACL surgery has increased.	5
Australia's share of citations based on fractional and full publication counting	0
Department of Information Systems and Business Analytics, Hofstra University, Hempstead, New York	0
He currently serves as President of the Association for Library and Information Science Education.	0
Distribution of citing papers by research domain of top 10 importers.	0
In this research, data collected using the SustainABLE-8 in Poland, North Macedonia, Romania, the Netherlands and Israel (N = 2318) were analysed in order to identify European typologies and their drivers for - and contributions to - sustainable practices.	1
Here we establish the dynamic co-word network of six periods from 1998 to 2015, and every period starts from 1998.	3
Network and node descriptives were analyzed using the R-language iGraph software package (http://igraph.org/r/).	3
Our results show that the most coherent cluster solution was achieved when retaining only the strongest similarities, employing second-order similarities, and combining text and citation information into hybrid measures with a weighting factor of approximately 0.6.	5
We also apply social network analysis and discover the most central authors, institutions and countries in the Journal of Econometrics.	3
The solid bars indicate the coverage of our publication data; AVI 2002 is missing.	0
1 Open access journals coverage by country (the data update as of April 20, 2019)	0
This work was supported by the China Association for Science and Technology (CAST) as a series of projects in 2007, 2009, 2010 and 2011.	0
The term “Self-Plagiarism” has often been used as a synonym for text recycling.	4
This value depends on the formatting used by the journal: until 2008 the AER was the only journal using the two-column format.	0
The rapid rate of content detection enabled educators to shift academic integrity strategies from reactive to preventative approaches, an advantage over traditional technology-based solutions (e.g.	5
SMS PhD completions by clinicians increased ≈2.4-fold since 1989, with a recent decline, whilst non-medical PhD awardees rose 10-fold.	4
Jointly published by Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
To isolate shifts in the production function for new scientific knowledge, consider the above production function, Q=A(t) f (K, L), where the shift factor A(t) accounts, in the sense of Solow (1957), for neutral disembodied technological change.	3
It is clear that laureates explored the least topics in the T1 period, followed by the T3 period, and the T2 period with the most.	4
The Impact Factor is based on the rate of citation at two years and is not a true reflection of clinical research in trauma and orthopaedics.	5
Data are derived from Scopus (the largest citation database of scientific journals) and reflect estimates for all existing publications – up to early 2024 - within each subfield [63].	2
The prediction power ranged from 21.4% (for QS regressed against NI) to 63.7% (for THE regressed against LC).	4
The three layers include credential authentication, anonymous peer-review, and expert judgment.	3
However, the citedness is lower than expected, and the share of publications in top-quartile sources is lower for 2020-2021 period compared to the previous years.	4
When study subjects were asked whether human activity is creating global warming, the probability that they would respond affirmatively displayed only a weak relationship to their OSI_2.0 scores.	4
The data set consisted of 37,281 records (publications) indexed by SCI-E in 2015.	2
In 2007, Europe published almost 100% more papers in Chemistry and Physics than the United States (~29,000 vs.	4
We find that departments tend to increase their productivity after the appointment of a distinguished chairperson (and that this does not seem to be because top-scholar Chairs join departments that have already begun to flourish).	5
The results indicate that most of the research scientists in this study are aware of predatory journals and are often solicited by them, but are less aware of tools they can use to determine the quality of a particular publication.	4
To study the moderating impact of academic age and institutional sector, the CVs of the 239 network faculty members were located using various sources such as HEC’s database of faculty members, university/research institutes’ web pages, and Google search.	2
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
CHEN & AL.: The authorship and country spread of OR journals	0
It is interesting to note that the global distribution of the European managerial efficiency estimated over our sample is a non-standard distribution, different from the commonly assumed distributions (such as exponential or half normal) in parametric frontier approaches.	4
We then found these retracted papers in a bibliometric version of Thomson Reuter's Web of Science (WoS), provided by the Observatoire des Sciences et des Technologies.	2
We also find that institutions vary in size by many orders of magnitude with an approximately power-law distribution, also known as Zipf's law.	4
This study suggests that multiple measurements should be considered in the institutional evaluation and that the membership of editorial boards should not be disregarded.	5
For this purpose, we downloaded the Sci-Hub access log for 2017 (Tzovaras 2018).	2
At the time of analysis, >1,800 interventional studies linked to COVID-19 were available on clinicaltrials.gov.	2
Meta-analysis, systematic review and pulpitiswere the hot topics.	4
A network consisting of 66 nodes was constructed (Figure 1).	2
The three indicators proposed are i) the journal specialization index (Sj), ii) the HHIj score, and iii) the quasi-kurtosis score.	3
Creative Commons CC BY: This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License	0
Building on the findings of two previous studies (Orduna-Malea et al. in Scientometrics 112(1):443–460, 2017.	1
Specifically, we chose the University of Tokyo for its prestigious status domestically and internationally.	2
Table 1 Publications resulting from FP projects and their share of the total Czech publications	0
The majority of citations (67 papers) dealt with the topic of surgical technique and surgical management of hypospadias (45%).	4
Consistent with this trend of more data and the likely use of more diverse and complex techniques, today's papers in Cell, Nature, and JCB have two- to fourfold more authors than those from 1984 (Fig.	4
in Section 5, we present the model for measuring the social influences of scientist groups;	0
To read and contribute to reader and author dialogue on JM, visit http://www.marketingpower.com/jmblog.	0
These studies have limitations, such as small and biased sample-sizes, where the more well-known or popular scientists may be overrepresented (Ke et al.	0
We also used Scopus's journal index information since it contains the names of the parent publishers.	2
The difference in IP days was determined (x2 = 5065666, df = 32, p < 0.001) among areas in China.	4
To compensate for the aforementioned shortcomings of bibliometric analysis and to focus on behavioural patterns of research collaboration, this article also draws on the results of a questionnaire that was sent via email to researchers associated with three large-size universities in Maghreb: Frères Mentouri of Constantine in Algeria, Mohammed V of Rabat in Morocco, and Tunis Elmanar in Tunisia.	2
The present paper addresses the most frequent questions about the h-index.	1
Only a marginal amount of original articles and reviews were found to be uncited (0.9 and 0.3%, respectively), which is in strong contrast with the previously reported data, which never addressed the document types among the uncited records.	4
We evaluate the accuracy of our trained classifiers using cross-fold validation.	3
The search obtains 1260 documents, which is reduced to 1192 if only considering articles, reviews, and notes.	2
The resulting dataset contained 3501 authors; many of these were coauthors and have no first-author publications of their own (see also Bolkan et al.	2
The CCave indiv of 22 conferences in the next 5 years is shown in Fig.	0
A simple linear regression model was used to determine the relationship between log (AAS) and log (total 3-year citations).	3
1 Total reference counts per publication (minimum: 2, median: 23, mean: 58, max: 1211, n = 4649)	0
This pattern highlights the difficulty of repeatedly producing research findings in the highest citation-impact echelon, as well as the role played by finite career and knowledge life-cycles, and the intriguing possibility that confirmation bias plays a role in the evaluation of scientific careers.	5
In accordance with Arthroscopy submission guidelines, the contributions and roles warranting authorship are detailed below in accordance with ICMJE criteria:	0
A total of 90 questionnaires were completed, and 82 were usable.	2
The calculation of the percentage of national self-references was based on a fractional counting method.	3
Structural holes within trust networks indicated that some actors played more of a broker role than did other actors.	4
Although submission fee appeared to deter manuscript submissions (probably of lower quality) a little bit, we found economists overall were not price elastic with respect to changes in manuscript submission fee.	5
GS h-index values were 1.19 times higher than WoS, with significant correlation between these values (2 = 0.88, P = .0001).	4
She holds a PhD from ESSEC Business School and Louis Pasteur Strasbourg University.	0
In the second phase, the potential business ethics journals from the first phase were subjected to further assessment to establish a set of business-ethics-centric (BEC) journals whose primary focus is on the field of business ethics.	3
This study is useful to scholars, publishers or others interested in building science, building engineering and architecture.	5
In the social sciences, the chances of finding a duplicate article are several times higher than those in the natural sciences.	5
In addition, it is worth noting that using pairs of indicators, of which one depicts the productive core and the other measure the impact of papers in h-core, will lead to better result.	5
The author network was generated with Pajek software (http://mrvar.fdv.uni-lj.si/pajek/).	3
Persistent networks are defined as relationships that are built by scientists as a result of their training or professional mobility through different organisations and that not only endure after the scientists' departure, but are perceived by them as their most important knowledge networks.	3
The first 200 items for every decade were selected and exported to a pdf format.	2
The experimental results and analysis on actual data demonstrate that the value of the JIF is comprehensively influenced by the average review time, average number of references, and aging distribution of citation.	4
Our empirical results indicate that RMS can foster and enhance research collaboration.	5
This comprehensive approach allows us to explore statistical properties of innovation, asking where innovative ideas tend to originate within a field's pre-existing conceptual framework.	1
The ranking is remarkably stable: the correlation between the rankings is 0.94, which suggests that the final ranking is not very sensitive to the choice of starting values.	4
These five countries represent 79.4% of the total contributions.	4
Speed is the interval length of the adoption time between a child node and its parent.	3
We looked for corresponding articles published in peer-reviewed journals or in abstracts of international meetings over the period 2009–2011 using the names of the dental student and of his/her supervisor on the following websites (Table 1): ?	3
To avoid vanishingly small weakness scores that result in extremely large PWR scores, we retain only those journals that contribute at least one reference link above a minimum threshold Rmin > 0 such that the removal of other journals (and their links) yields a journal citation network with density D≥ 0.51.	3
We noted that Hennart’s influence crosses multiple arenas and even disciplinary boundaries—as we found a reasonably large number of citations to Hennart outside the core IB journals and into other disciplines such as strategic management.	5
The analysis was based on Web of Science and Scopus data.	2
Downloaded from http://reep.oxfordjournals.org/ at University of Iowa Libraries/Serials Acquisitions on May 25, 2015	0
A double entrance matrix was designed for this purpose.	3
We conducted descriptive statistics and inferential analyses to examine the relationships between citations and alternative metrics, as well as to compare the data obtained from both platforms.	3
The findings of this study show that there is a lack of global diversity in open access journals indexed by the DOAJ.	5
Thirty-five medical journals publishing original research from 13 publishers were included in the analysis.	4
The article appeared to be a regular article from a regular journal.	0
Fourth, the US government and NIH in particular continue to be found as funders of research cited in patents.	5
We collected citation data for a total of 203 published documents spanning the first issue in 2006 until June 2017 using Anne-Wil Harzing's “Publish or Perish” tool, Google Scholar, and Zotero and then exported the data to an Excel file.	2
The data were obtained from a national information system, the Cooperative Online Bibliographic System & Services (COBISS).	2
In this study, we sought to investigate which metrics or existing ranking systems, if any, can serve as valid correlates of actual academic productivity of cardiothoracic surgical centers in the US.	1
while a one page paper may be too short to have much impact, a paper that gets too long may be less likely to be read and cited.	3
A multi-step name-matching algorithm (NamSor API, January 2019 release) was used to predict the gender of active authors based on first names, country of origin (defined as the country in which the author published the most papers in their first publication year), first name, and last name.	3
Journal articles from 1,972 periodicals were cited ten times or more in the AIChE Journal, Canadian Journal of Chemical Engineering, Chemical Engineering Science, and Industrial & Engineering Chemistry Research from 2010 to 2014.	2
To cite this article: Prakash K Paudel, Basant Giri & Shanta Dhakal (2020): Is research in peril in Nepal?	0
It also shows, more conclusively, that stated preference journal ratings are more closely related to weighted citation metrics (those that account for the impact of the citing journal) than to unweighted citation metrics (those that do not account for the impact of the citing journal).	5
University-government (UG) shows strongest relations throughout the period as indicated by T values, which is expressed in megabits of information transmission that show the expected uncertainty in distribution (i.e., the UIG relationships in this case).	4
The citation trajectories of Nobel Prize winners in economics are analyzed here from 1930 to 2005.	1
Sub-datasets were created using snowball sampling (Huang et al., 2008) [i.e., by collecting data that corresponded to cumulative time intervals of (2007-2007), (2007-2008), (2007-2009), and so forth].	3
The mean number of submissions for female corresponding authors (5.40, standard error = 0.083, n = 18 704) is significantly lower than for male corresponding authors (7.25, standard error = 0.070, n = 45 378) (two sample t-test, p = 2.08 × 10?64).	4
Burgess and Shaw (2010) used the 2008 list for their database and so did we.	0
To allow for a comparison over time, the journals were subdivided into three time periods: 1987-1995, 1996-2004, and 2005-2012.	2
Part of the project was the quantitative citation analysis of all original articles published in 2009 in the 5 existing general German-language psychiatry journals covered in the Journal Citation Report (JCR), the impact factor list [6]: Fortschritte der Neurologie und Psychiatrie, Nervenarzt, Nervenheilkunde, Psychiatrische Praxis, and Zeitschrift für Psychiatrie, Psychologie und Psychotherapie.	2
The United States had the highest level of country collaborations and the highest degree of centrality.	4
Our contribution-based measurement of research productivity can also identify very productive scholars, whose work involves multiple co-authors, thus limiting the scope of their individual-level contributions.	5
There are limitations of the study being reported due to the methodology and structure of the research:	0
His flagship example, an observational study of congressional positions and election outcomes, includes three tables with numbers presented to four decimal places and a nonparametric estimate of a treatment effect-but no plots of the raw data.	2
Experimental results show that our proposed “core + extension” structure corresponds to scientific collaboration facts.	5
A mixed methods analysis provided descriptive statistics (frequencies and percentages of responses) and an inductive thematic framework of key experiences.	3
The h-index of an author is impacted and affected by the qualities and attributes of coauthors, or what can be called being in the right place at the right time.	5
In addition, PhD students perceive a significant lack of resources that may hamper their development into responsible researchers.	5
Results demonstrated that past behavior had a significant positive influence on behavior intention to plagiarize (β = 0.41, t = 11.96, p < .001); therefore, H5 was accepted.	4
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs licence (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/), which permits non-commercial reproduction and distribution of the work, in any medium, provided the original work is not altered or transformed in any way, and that the work is properly cited.	0
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
The co-authorship data provides evidence of greater collaboration of MSU with non-African countries on African-focused research but a growing number of partner institutions from African countries.	5
Use of tenzing starts with a spreadsheet template (provided as a Google Sheet, http://bit.ly/ tenzing Template, but one can also use it in any spreadsheet editor, such as Excel).	3
To explore the review process as a device for information transmission, we have studied the perfect Bayesian equilibria of the reviewer-editor game, in particular analyzing each of the peer-review subgames when the reviewer is biased.	3
(2010) and the research areas proposed by the WoS (THOMSON REUTERS, 2012) respectively.	3
In order to select the studies, we undertook a search in the Scopus database, using as a search key the term "chronic w/2 disturbance" in abstracts, titles or keywords of the papers.	2
These goals were addressed using a comparison of the research successes of the United States and Europe as a case study.	1
Since the scale factor in the Poisson model is much higher than 1 (residual deviance / df = 385842 /186), we corrected for overdispersion by using a QuasiPoisson regression model, presented in column (3) of Table 2.	3
On the basis of the ISNN-numbers of the four journals, and limiting ourselves to journal articles (thus excluding other publication output such as editorials, book reviews etc.), 1,396 records were identified.	2
Research from highly developed countries was more cited, although gender disparities remained.	4
Using the Pearson correlation coefficient, we found a significant positive correlation between citation count and the impact factor of the publishing journal (r = 0.420; P < 0.01), as well as between citation count and h-index of corresponding author (r = 0.189; P = 0.007).	4
The study on bibliometrics in the science of sciences takes an original perspective by exploring the impact of universities beyond conventional evaluation methods, it thereby contributes to the bibliometrics literature and the innovation literature, principally by providing interesting insights into the processes of generating knowledge and diffusion of a new research domain in academia.	5
used a highly sensitive spectroscopic technique to probe, and ultimately manipulate, the subtle effects of spin interactions on the current that flows through organic light-emitting diodes (OLEDs) (see the Perspective by Bobbert).	3
We kept only papers that were retracted between 1996 and 2006 inclusively to obtain a sufficient time window for the assessment of the co-authors’ productivity, impact, and collaboration before and after the retraction.	2
Thus, the main aim of this study is to analyze the share of articles published in each quartile in the 25 largest research areas indexed by the SCI-E from Web of Science, covering more than 50% of total publications in the database, and their main citation characteristics (share of total citations in the area, average citations per publication and uncitedness rates).	1
For domestic Chinese sample journal papers, this paper utilizes highly cited journal papers on Agricultural Economics from CNKI[2] between 2006 and 2015 under the discipline of "Economy and Management.”	2
The data for economic growth is retrieved from Penn World Table version 10.01 of Groningen Growth and Development Centre [45,46].	2
Future analyses of CDC trends, covering the time- interval 1995-2000, will hopefully provide more conclusive empirical evidence.	0
1, it is evident that acceptance of OA in fields such as Life and health sciences is far greater than the other subject and subscription models are predominant.	4
This research question aims to understand how citations received by the DSM are distributed over its history, and specifically, how the citation patterns of the DSM vary by version and how the individual histories differ.	1
A total of 30,960 references cited in 996 papers in the journal Information, published between 2012 and 2019, were analyzed in this study.	2
The average of the shortest distances between the Biology groups and panel members is 0.006.	0
The variable's quality was assessed using degree, centrality, and sigma (Chen et al.	3
Using CiteSpace (6.2.R6), VOSviewer (1.6.20), and RStudio Bibliometrix (4.4.0), this paper analyzes the literature on the cold chain transportation of seafood from 2012 to 2023.	5
Here we discuss and formulate the problem of discovering how a scientist's previous participation affects her/his future participations in the same conference series.	1
This article compares organizational and epistemic effects of excellence funding across four disciplinary fields, based on in-depth case studies of four research groups in combination with twelve reference groups.	1
This study is intended to organize all the research that has been carried out regarding the indigenous communities, their cultural practices, and allied developmental activities, which are often viewed negatively by these communities.	1
Third, from their responses to the questions on peer review, data sharing and authorship policy, we could see that Chinese ECRs were largely agreeable that pursuing the reputation is their main purpose of scholarly communication although they still live in a rankings-besotted world.	5
This is a PDF file of an article that has undergone enhancements after acceptance, such as the addition of a cover page and metadata, and formatting for readability, but it is not yet the definitive version of record.	0
The IFlog of the eight disciplines' journals was normally distributed, and the IFlog1.5, IFin, IFlog5, and IFlog10 of the journals were 100% positively related (r=1.000, P=0.000) both in the same and different disciplines.	4
In our experiments, we follow KDD-CUP 2016’s conference selection, including FSE, ICML, KDD, MM, MobiCom, SIGCOMM, SIGIR and SIGMOD to construct our experimental dataset.	2
This time ranges from 238 days for radiology and imaging manuscripts to 139 days for papers dealing with infectious diseases, that owe their shortest time to COVID-19 papers, as discussed previously.	4
= r · pH, the journal chooses a high quality standard Qb = H, but if the marginal cost c is high enough, i.e., c?	4
According to the CRIS system of the SB RAS [5], the list of published works by V.N.	4
The two were merged to create “The Polish Science Observatory,” which was maintained and periodically updated by the two authors (a short description of the database is presented in Kwiek and Roszka, 2020).	2
This text proposes a scientometric measure designed to encourage the linguistic diversity of sources cited in articles, books, and papers.	1
As to AMN and ACN, the raw co-occurrences were normalized using the association strength (van Eck & Waltman, 2009), which is defined as: A(cij, Si, Sj) = cij/ SiSj	3
Bivariate and multiple models were performed, considering a significance level of 5%.	3
This consisted of a co-word analysis carried over the span of the last three decades, a timeframe marked by the surge of this statistical method.	3
* Corresponding author at: Institute for Advanced Social Studies (IESA-CSIC), Córdoba, Spain.	0
Accordingly, we propose to take into account the productivity gains of parallelization by introducing a parallelization bonus that multiplies the credit allocated to each coauthor.	1
As indicated in the previously published study protocol, this study had two complementary objectives: first, to identify journal editors' expectations and understanding regarding the roles and tasks of peer reviewers and second, to explore their perspectives and experiences of their interactions with peer reviewers and authors.	1
On the basis of bibliometric analysis of eight typical Science Citation Index (SCI)-indexed journals in natural medicines by use of Web of Science (WoS), this study aims to find some strategies useful for improving the international impact of academic journals.	1
Fourth, we find strong confirmation of the disciplinary size bias.	4
He contributed 390 writings since 1964 to 2018, i.e.	5
Considering the total mentions among all altmetric resources, the Journal of Endodontics had the highest rank followed by the International Endodontic Journal and Australian Endodontic Journal.	4
This having been said, the author was confident in only 144 (58.3%) of 247 cases that Google Scholar was providing complete indexing of the publishers' versions of the journals.	0
Recent calls to improve transparency in peer review have prompted examination of many aspects of the peer-review process.	1
The model is adapted to investigate the effect of organizational changes on the performance of a scientific research institution.	1
A total of 279 search results were reviewed before reaching 50 articles that met the above inclusion criteria.	0
We then assessed academic productivity of this cohort of pediatric surgeons by determining academic rank and using publication history and h-index as a surrogate for academic progress.	3
The geometric mean was used for the average because citation counts and Mendeley readers both follow highly skewed distributions.	3
The occurrence of pseudo-external hyperlinks, therefore, resonates well with the financial motivations underlying the occurrence of internal hyperlinks.	5
Prior to 2004, fewer than 100 articles annually had 100+authors, surpassing 200 articles per year in 2015 (Fig.	4
The results show that the distribution of excellent disciplines is not concentrated in a few universities: top universities show disciplines and fields that are often mediocre, while generally mediocre universities will often include top disciplines.	4
Three characteristics of reviews were rated required or helpful in enhancing manuscript quality by all respondents: includes a critical analysis of the manuscript (88% required, 12% helpful), includes feedback that contains both strengths and areas of improvement (53% required, 47% helpful), and speaks to the manuscript's utility in the literature (41% required, 59% helpful).	4
The last section discusses the results and suggests some potential directions for future research.	0
Through this study, we were able to compare the reasons for increased collaboration in scientific research reported in the literature with what we learnt from our own experience in collaborating on a large-scale project across geographical boundaries and cultures around the world.	4
Because data was non-parametric, the Mann-Whitney U-test was used to compare OA or subscription-only journals.	3
Content analysis was the selected method of analysis in this instance as it was responsive to the research purpose.	3
However, examination of the web-site reveals that in fact there is no editor board and that the only member is the EIC, Prof.	4
Scopus Library was selected as the preferred library for data extraction because of its extensive coverage of articles from all over the globe, it is faster and operator friendly, and citation analysis is faster as compared with Web of Science, Google Scholar, and PubMed[15].	2
More recently the Hirsch index (h-index) has been used, which combines the Np and Nc into one index.	3
Our conjecture is that WoS carries an indirect gender bias in its selection criteria for citation sources that GS avoids due to criteria that are more inclusive.	1
The second analysis of Community 17 highlights an explosive expansion of a knowledge domain.	4
The final study population was comprised of 590 epidemiology faculty members (Table 1(a)).	2
Details of the study, including all anonymized e-mail correspondence and how scholars may obtain full data for research purposes, are available (see Supplementary Information; go.nature.com/2mj2vhf).	5
This implies that despite China has a substantial increase in the number of scientific publications, relatively few of them are of high-impact (Meng et al.	5
Received March 14, 2004; revised September 20, 2005; accepted September 22, 2005	0
Unless stated otherwise, when the terms "libraries" and "librarians" are used, the reader should assume them to mean "academic libraries” or “academic librarians."	0
One of the authors (CS) sorted the papers by the number of citations and downloaded the ones that have been cited more than 1000 times.	2
Scopus was used to obtain the publication information and VOSViewer software to produce the maps.	2
Further, an alternative measure of dominance is also given on the sine quo non that order of authors in the by-line is strictly according to relative measure of contribution.	1
Received 6 April 2023; received in revised form 20 September 2023; accepted 23 September 2023	0
In a multivariate regression model, the first author's h-index (regression coefficient 5.46, 95% confidence interval 2.99 to 7.93, p < 0.001) independently correlated with the citation count.	4
This study examines the indexing of open access journals in the engineering disciplines.	1
This conclusion holds even after narrowing the area of studies to economics, management and business with one exception: the MSU shows an even less satisfactory research performance (Table 1).	0
1 Records in the SCI/SSCI databases were categorized as one of the thirty-two (32) ISI document types.	0
In addition, the system allows participants to self-identify as an ethnic minority or not (yes/no), and those data were used to categorize total invitations and declines in aggregate by self-reported ethnic minority versus non-self-reported minority status.	2
This can be called “Glory is as Ephemeral as Smoke and Clouds”.	0
The only theme that would make a student more rather than less likely to pursue an academic career is Training: those who covered this topic were 18 % more likely to enter the world of academia.	4
As a result of different spelling of the institution name, Scopus acquires other Affiliation IDs also corresponding to this institution but formally irrelevant to it.	4
Overall, the estimated κ is very close to and often slightly larger than the calculated κ.	4
From this perspective, modularity optimization partitioning of patent citation networks seems to be an effective way of delineating technological fields of expertise.	5
I further found that there are no differences between the citation distributions of the top 4 journals European Heart Journal, Circulation, Journal of the American College of Cardiology, and Circulation Research.	4
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy (RPYS) and Multi-RPYS provide algorithmic approaches to reconstructing the intellectual histories of scientific fields.	3
Each submitted paper and each participating reviewer were assigned at random to one of the two conditions: the “non-anonymous” condition, where reviewers were shown the identities of other reviewers assigned to the same paper, and the “anonymous” condition where fellow reviewers’ identities were not accessible.	3
The correlation between a local topic and a global topic is measured by the cosine similarity between their probability word distribution.	3
This article is based on literature and desk research as well as bibliometric analysis using Scopus.	2
Our findings showed a significantly high proportion of scholars stationed in Nepal had an unfavourable view about Nepals research environment.	5
This analytical framework is based on the mentioning of software's main URL across different scenarios (academic publications, web at-large, and social media), each of which is operationalized by an online data source (Google Scholar, Majestic, and Twitter, respectively).	3
This article set as its objective the identification of the co-authorship patterns of research on the African continent (as they are manifested in the Thomson Reuters indexed journals) and the elaboration of the findings.	5
Research evaluation refers to the evaluation of individual research instead of where it is published.	5
However, no study has examined the research integrity-related content of Japanese medical journals' Instructions for Authors.	1
5a) and annual giving2001–2010 (r = 0.66; Fig.	4
Using bibliometric methods, I am able to specify, and plausibly explain, the limits to legitimacy still remaining for entrepreneurship journals.	1
In particular, we show that only collaboration at intramural and domestic level has a positive effect on research productivity.	4
Key keywords in near years encompass healthcare safety, healthcare quality assurance, quality indicators, and the application of Six Sigma management principles.	4
The results indicate that libraries in the US and Canada currently employ more scholarly communication specialists and make a more explicit effort to inform researchers about predatory practices (i.e., a direct approach), or how to identify appropriate publication venues (i.e., an indirect approach).	5
Our second experiment examines dishonest behavior on Mechanical Turk through an online task with 2,378 total participants.	1
Open access is connected to the third mission in all university strategies, but often in a very general manner and without documenting benefits for non-academic users.	4
Our randomized controlled trial consists of 108 researchers as participants.	4
This paper provides an assessment of stratification across fields of science based on a multivariate analysis of large-scale bibliometric information from 1996 to 2021 and highlights the inter-relationships between bibliometric indicators.	1
However, the density rate and the degree of centralization of co-authorship in the last cumulative period (1990–2006) were lower than in the first cumulative period (1990–1996), indicating that the lodging studies network was less cohesive and less organized around a particular actor or group of actors (Acedo, Barroso, Casanueva, & Galán, 2006).	4
The second weighting scheme is derived from the observation that a stable rising of a number, p, during a period of years, y1 ~ y2, makes p in year y2 close to its maximum of the period.	3
The contracts that we have seen show remarkable institution-specific price variations that cannot be explained by university characteristics such as enrollment and PhD production.	4
We thank the anonymous reviewer for his/her interesting comments on a previous version of the manuscript.	0
Forest-related research needs were determined using non-bibliometric data, specifically the extent of forest cover per region and country.	3
This dataset was prepared from DBLP, whose July 2017 edition contained 3,807,038 papers published in journals, conferences, and other venue types.	2
This paper investigates the concentration and dispersion phenomenon observed in China's Social Sciences and Humanities (SSH) research.	1
P ranked the first in terms of comprehensive index in all core authors.	4
Propensity score matching analysis, which takes a causal inference approach, was used to examine the dataset.	3
For validation, we composed a cohort consisting of manuscripts published in Tl and manuscripts rejected by TI which later were published elsewhere.	2
Our approach is consistent with Symon and Cassell's (1998) observation that there is a wide range of qualitative methods available to management scholars.	0
Keyword analysis showed the multidisciplinary nature of the search query based on the clustered themes.	4
The interdisciplinarity factor (IDF) aims to quantify the overall difference between two projects along all dimensions.	3
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
Findings indicated a preference for funders to adapt current decision-making processes rather than using more innovative approaches: however, there is a need for more flexibility in decision-making and support to applicants.	5
First, country citation distributions are highly skewed and very similar to each other in all fields.	4
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
This study adopted a mixed methods approach involving an online survey with academics in Ireland's TU/IoT sector and a survey of senior librarians.	3
The decline in the number of articles from Human Genetics in the later block period may be due to the complexity of the human genome.	5
Via feature selection, we find that the impact of an institution, as measured by the number of the accepted papers of the institution, more is determined by the authors’ influence of the institution.	3
The most-cited paper was ‘The World Oral Health Report 2003: continuous improvement of oral health in the 21st century the approach of the WHO Global Oral Health Programme’ authored by Petersen and published in Community Dentistry and Oral Epidemiology journal in 2003.	4
Researchers from the Chinese mainland published the most original articles and reviews and had the highest accumulated impact factors, highest total article citations, and highest average citation.	4
Our results show that carbon stocks will reach a maximum amount of 1.1 billion t-C by 2050 in a scenario of high demand for wooden detached houses with lifespan extensions.	4
Instead of using price as the determinant of market balance, the article highlights the quality of publications as the measure.	1
Of these events, 88 (37%) are due to transmissions of research ideas by way of hiring, and in 81% of these cases, transmissions move via faculty from higher prestige universities to lower prestige universities (past studies show that only 9 to 14% of faculty placements move faculty to a more prestigious university than their doctoral institution [9]).	4
The following bibliometric parameters were extracted from the JCR database: number of documents, times cited, percentage of documents cited, number of top 1% most highly cited documents, category normalized citation impact (CNCI), Eigenfactor, international collaboration rate, Index of National Orientation (INO), publisher, APC, among others.	3
It is heartening to note that 78% of the 41 institutions in the country are now performing at or above world standard.	5
Of the former 15 Soviet Union Republics, Russia and Ukraine produced the highest number of Scopus referenced documents in the subject area “All” for the period of 1996–2014, publishing 701,029 and 133,650 manuscripts, respectively.	4
Once the data were cleaned, we proceeded to create the citation network.	3
We assigned major fields to all 8,411 journals indexed in JCR 2012 using the classification followed in Essential Science Indicators (ESI).	2
Unless otherwise noted, differences between Mfemale and Mmale are significant at p < .01 [using Welch's (1947) t test].	0
High-impact articles in social science are significantly more inclined to show exponential-type curve than any other articles in this research.	4
Our contribution provides a useful tool for bridging the existing gap in detecting the transition of knowledge between science and technology.	1
S cientific collaboratories have the potential to be centers "without walls, in which researchers can perform their research without regard to physical location - interacting with colleagues, accessing instrumentation, sharing data and computational resources, and accessing information in digital libraries" [Wulf, W.A.	0
For a more detailed explanation, please refer to the full Wikipedia entry http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ Application_programming_interface.	0
His research interests include coordination theory, distributed decision making, group decision support systems, and global information systems.	0
This paper aims to address these problems by using the dynamic modeling approach of the system.	1
How do reviewers use the confidential comments to the editor section during peer review?	1
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS: The authors would like to acknowledge the contributions made to the evolution of the SDD by WSU Libraries collection managers, Vicki Croft (Animal Health), Sarah French (Education) and Louis Vyhnanek (Humanities, Social Sciences and Business).	0
N = 310, This information could not be located for 13 board members.	0
Although they account for 0.07% of all articles published (190 514 excluding supplements, corrections, retractions and commissioned content), the rate of retraction is rising.	4
Our analysis will be conducted at the dyadic level.	2
Implementation of bibliometric practice is motivated by ambitions to provide more complete scholarly communication-related services, as well as to increase the visibility and status of libraries.	4
Extreme publishing behavior was defined as having >60 full articles (original articles, reviews, conference papers) in a single calendar year and indexed in Scopus.	1
Among the 13 disciplines in the Arts and Humanities selected for this study, the average overlap rate was only 3.61%, which was mostly contributed by Archeology (17.92%), where 19 authors were presented in both most productive author groups in WoS (148) and VIP (106).	4
This collective motivation should be the dominant one, as it is vital: there is no	0
To suppress the age bias of PageRank, Mariani et al.	3
Based on our results, we conclude that the national collaboration with Spanish health science researchers abroad is weak, which means that good practices to both benefit from the scientific knowledge potential and improve the likelihood of health science researchers returning from abroad are not put into practice.	5
In particular, having a PhD and working in a large school has a significant impact on improving the research output of a publishing academic.	4
As with Solomon's puzzle, aspects of medical research that appear strange from a knowledge-centric perspective can be apprehended with much greater clarity by incorporating into the analysis of scientific practice the fact that it is increasingly shaped by larger commercial and industry forces.	5
This technique was used to derive the significance of differences in proportions seen in sampled populations from a known baseline.	3
The citing authors tend to be inexperienced authors from Africa, Southeast Asia or South Asia and to a lesser extent experienced authors from the rest of the world.	5
It appears to be complicated to distinguish the characteristics or indicators of the quality of individual books by using those relating to publishers, and therefore the questionnaire collects both aspects.	0
Given that the dependent variable, log-transformed novelty, is a continuous variable, we adopt ordinary least squares (OLS) regression models.	3
The individual productivity of the chairperson is correlated with that of the whole group.	5
To review this massive volume of publication records, we took a scientometric network analysis approach and investigated the social network of the publication contents based on keywords co-occurrence as well as international collaboration ties.	3
The author collected information relating to collection development statements and acceptable content during the 2021–2022 academic year and reviewed institutional repository content for performance materials during the 2022–2023 academic year.	3
TF*IDF weighting was used to analyze the content of each cluster.	3
Of these 2,046 articles, 434 articles were available freely online in full-text HTML, which made it easier for retrieving information and text analysis.	2
For our classification, CCA, we used the k-means partitional clustering algorithm (Jain et al., 1999).	3
In this study, I adopt a qualitative approach based on interviews with 12 research managers working in 9 countries.	2
The citation rate A varies over the set of publications according to a gamma distribution of index v > 1 and scale parameter α > 0.	3
The second reports the isolation of four new phases with the formula NaxCoO2 (x<=1).	4
First positions in alphabetised bylines were positively associated with performance for junior academics only.	4
This article reports the results of a survey of academics and interviews with senior university leaders at a large research-intensive university in Australia, which indicate a major difference of opinion on how to incentivise interdisciplinary collaboration.	1
However, the average Radicchi indices were 0.31 and 0.32, respectively, indicating that when publication and citation opportunity are factored in, cardiologists and neurosurgeons have comparable academic productivity.	4
Here we conduct an analysis of the international literature to identify the most cited articles in facial plastic surgery.	1
In conclusion, this is the first study to benchmark output from individual grants in the anaesthesia literature.	5
We follow their path to the development of this new drug to show how venture philanthropy is impacting the drug development pipeline.	3
We use web applications that are now available to visualize scientific excellence worldwide in several subject areas, to see how Indian universities and research-focused institutions fare in the world of high-end research.	1
The method allows the extent of bridging efforts between diverse individuals to be determined and the relationship between these and subsequent outcomes to be studied.	5
An excellent visualization of this can be seen at http://www.scimagoir.com/ index.php?display=chart.	0
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Distribution of reviewers and articles (published from 1999 to 2013) across biology- and medicine-related subjects.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0022-0418.htm	0
We analysed 98 of the 101 submissions regarding environment in UoA19.	2
Hence, the objectives of the present study were firstly, to determine the incidence of redundant publications in psychiatric literature and, secondly, to characterize the nature of these redundant publications.	1
RQ2: Are there correlations between the acknowledged entities and the scientific domains?	1
Consequently, it was not a random sample; we attempted to include all ecologists sensu lato complying with those requisites.	0
The study population consisted of 681 published articles in JRMS between 2008 and 2012.	2
In this article we unpack the different elements (historical, political and economic) of this discourse of fear and academic 'fakery', and show how it requires attention to the struggle for academic ‘authenticity'.	1
With respect to the technology transfer block, once again, all the universities have negative scores on the USCI and values below 1 on the WCI (Fig.	4
This discrepancy could be explained by the study mentioned above focusing only on the internal factors while this study concentrates on external factors that impact student plagiarism.	5
Through CPBF, the commodity-form has been raised to the level of the general mediator of academic knowledge production, even in those fields that have usually been of less interest to private capitals (not only the social sciences or the humanities, but also some approaches to certain issues that are seen by business as less profitable; national states have replaced private capitals as the purchasing power in all those cases).	5
A scientist has index s if s of his or her Np papers have at least s self-citations each and the other (Np – s) papers have ≤ s self-citations each (Flatt et al.	3
From an initial list of 5,200 email targets, a total of 4,224 email addressees were contactable, with undeliverable (836) and auto-reply absentee messages (159) being excluded.	2
Four pediatric nursing journals were analyzed in this study: Journal of Pediatric Nursing, Pediatric Nursing, Journal for Specialists in Pediatric Nursing, and Journal of Pediatric Health Care.	2
We observed a negative and nonlinear relationship between the number of jargon words and the normalized number of citations, which significantly decreased as the pro-portion of jargon in the title (figure 2a) and abstract (figure 2c) increased.	4
Hence, Indian physiotherapists are encouraged to conduct primary researches focusing on developing cost-effective management strategies relevant to Indian context.	5
In the article, the authors set out to determine the degree of influence of factors (the university profile, the year of its foundation, the number of research and teaching staff, the population of the city in which the educational institution is located) on the indicators of the publishing activity rating of teachers of Ukrainian universities (according to the Hirsch index, which determined by the indicators of the SciVerse Scopus database).	1
where k is the number of institutions participating to the competitive allocation of funds.	0
Although academic researchers have moved wholesale into the digital world, they have taken their traditional practices for determining trustworthiness with them.	5
The SCI-EXPANDED citations remain relatively stable and the lifespan of articles exceeds 20 years, with top citation four years after publication.	4
A total of 209 research publications were identified as eligible, i.e.	4
The study addresses the following research questions: a) What is the state of the interdisciplinarity of iSchools from a macroscopic perspective?	1
According to these criteria, the following databases were selected at first: PsycARTICLES (APA, American Psychological Association), Psychology and Behavioral Sciences Collection (EBSCO), ScienceDirect (Elsevier), Redalyc, Scielo and Dialnet.	2
score of 0.99 (0.77), as shown in Figure 2(b), an improvement of +130% (+160%) over random guessing.	4
In the second stage, we find respondents’ motivations to be significantly associated with the type of co-affiliation.	4
We evaluated the SIR of the search-terms in the C set of the reference lexical query and identified five of the selected C set search-terms had a SIR of 1, which meat that their presence did not affect the precision or recall of the provided expanded lexical query.	4
These together constitute 10,330 records and account for around 55% of the total output of the journal during the study period (1990-2017).	2
The first indicator is the Mean Normalised Citation Score, which reflects the average citation impact of a set of publications.	3
The ETD repositories developed by Asian countries were identified and thoroughly analyzed for the necessary information.	2
Citation counts from Microsoft Academic were 1.5 to 3.6 times higher than from BKCI in nine subject areas across all years for books indexed by both.	4
Before we proceed to the results, we want to point out one methodological finding.	0
The JSC rate in terms of total citations had negative significant correlations with citation and non-JSC but it had a strong significant correlation with the JSC rate in terms of citable items and a significant correlation with the RTCA.	4
"Proposed measure of novelty" section describes the nov-elty indicator analyzed in this study;	0
The x-axis shows the normalized rank of astro-ph postings in their respective samples after sorting them by cita- tions.	0
We study reciprocity in a citation network of authors, and compare it with the average reciprocity computed in an ensemble of null network models.	1
Despite the rapid growth before, in 2013 the number of scientometric publications had doubled.	4
Also, the articles were published in journals with progressively higher impact factors until 2011, but these impact factors may be considered low.	4
A total of 1848 publications related to epigenetics and atherosclerosis were found.	4
The study explores journal citations from 104 doctoral dissertations in sociology from 2010 to 2021 at the Pennsylvania State University.	1
The authors obtained 24 bibliographies from NIH applications, and 50 from NSF applications.	2
The advantage of this measure is that it gives an overview about the author's productivity, quality of publications, publications frequency over time, and the quality of the researcher(s) he/she worked with.	4
If PEI >1, this indicates that the impact of publications in a given field by a particular country is more than the research effort devoted to it during the period considered.	0
This paper proposes an informetric dynamic co-word network to study the evolution of global environmental quality research (GEQR), making a significant contribution to the available literature.	1
Then, the VOSviewer version 1.6.3 was used for constructing and viewing three network and cluster analyses (Van Eck and Waltman, 2010), namely, document co-citation analysis, journal co-citation analysis and analysis of co-occurrence of noun phrases in the titles and abstracts of publications.	3
The correlation between journal impact (IF) and actual citation rate (C) of articles from four individual scientists is seen to range from 0.05 to 0.63.	4
The main reasons for article retraction were misconduct (51%, n = 685) and error (14%, n = 193).	4
The study extracts the data of 2040 Vietnamese SSH authors, 1981 foreign authors, and 3160 publications during the period of 2008–2019, from the exclusive Social Sciences and Humanities Peer Awards (SSHPA) database.	2
Against this background, our research question addresses how the evaluation system and culture that has been consolidated since the approval of the LOU in 2001 is affecting the practices and strategies of researchers in History.	1
First, there is greater inequality in international publications than in domestic publications among Korean universities with the relative Gini coefficient for the former hovering above 0.50 throughout the 7 years.	4
Then each department is assigned an ascending numerical rank (the average rank in the case of the equal scores).	0
The research findings suggest that international collaboration results on average in publications with higher citation rates than national and institutional collaborations.	4
In particular, we explore how their perceptions of the list, the academic influence of their research, academic rank and organizational context drive the varied use.	1
Contribution to the Theme Section 'The use and misuse of bibliometric indices in evaluating scholarly performance'	0
The emerging hotspots include “intelligence in IDS,” “random forests-based network IDS,” “stenography,” and “fuzzy set”.	5
The most actively publishing country was the United States with 257 publications, followed by China (98), Spain (77), and the UK (72).	4
In particular, the generalized index is capable of allowing for different degrees of weighting depth and/or width.	1
We address the following questions: first, do we observe the emergence of patterns in joint programs, which can be related to underlying models of European integration?	1
Peer reviewed journal articles have the highest average citation rate (2.32) and half of them are cited at least once.	4
We denote as FSSTS the scientific strength (F stands for the fractional counting method) of a field, measured by the number of TSs per cost of research, in formulae:	3
This study aims to examine the peer effect of the young returnee scientists.	1
He is a Section Editor of Science and Technology Libraries (Haworth Press).	0
the publishers had gone to some effort to correct the style	0
The University of Georgia; 2 Emory University; 3 Moorehouse School of Medicine	0
Then we extracted production and impact data of these researchers from the Scopus database.	2
This is used to answer two main questions.	1
There were 323 and 678 publications that met the selection criteria for Turkey and Iran, respectively.	2
Using insights from the sociology of valuation and evaluation, this paper sheds light on the fundamental processes of recognition and valorization in academia.	1
Our SIMCA application, computed with the software V-Parvus 2010, is based on a multivariate dataset composed of five bibliometric indicators that describe the performance of scientists from different points of view.	3
Table 2 shows that articles and reviews received the highest citation counts among the eight document types.	4
This model revealed that both perceived quality control (b = ?0.23, 95% CI = [?0.14, ?0.33]) and perceived adherence to publication standards (b = ?0.25, 95% CI = [?0.15, ?0.35]) simultaneously mediated the effect.	4
Impact/Normalized Citation, this being the relative number of citations received by each country, compared with the world mean for citations per document of the same type, year and category.	3
We find that a discussed paper is less likely to receive a citation by a discussant than by any other author presenting in the same workshop group.	4
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
Researchers experienced a median 91.8% decrease in publication output and large declines in funding after censure by the ORI.	4
For those who may not agree, our response is.	5
HIV research productivity varies noticeably across EU countries, and this variation is associated with recognisable structural factors.	5
The mean contribution of Saudi Arabia in world scientific publication was 0.216; UAE 0.072; Kuwait 0.050; Oman 0.030; Qatar 0.023; and Bahrain was 0.010	4
In addition, when inventors collaborate with inventors from more diversified countries and regions they contribute to more patents and their patents are more cited.	4
Compositional data transformation applied to the topic model enables a geometric analysis of topics across disciplines.	3
To correct these potential biases, we propose Eqs.	3
Our paper provides a protocol for locating individual researchers' epistemological positions in the coordinate system jointly defined by the algorithmically discovered topics and designated disciplines in the corpus of scientific publications.	5
The results of this study can be beneficial to librarians within special libraries who are required to make decisions regarding their collection subscriptions and space required for backfiles and storage.	5
To be more specific, we first considered several author-specific characteristics as independent factors, including but not limited to performance-related metrics, seniority level, and collaborative behavior.	1
Our model has shown the importance of costly reviewer reports as a necessary condition for informed opinions about the manuscript's quality.	5
This study utilizes the ‘scholarly quality of program faculty’ as a measure to differentiate programs because it is the most encompassing.	2
This trend reflects an expansion of the field, making geographers better known in the academy, drawing non-geographers to engage and contribute on problems that are fundamentally geographical in nature, and contributing insights from Geography to much larger audiences, to the benefit of the discipline.	5
The manifestos' dimensions of contention can be summarized as a dispute over the right means to establish accountability, the transparent distribution of competences and responsibilities.	5
Hence, a further research policy implication is that leading scientific countries should possibly contribute even more to addressing such issues.	5
On average, outputs with female corresponding authors yield a higher average citation score.	4
An important application of this methodology could correspond to quantifying the scientific impact of publications.	5
The remaining set of researchers and professors is composed of 2347 individuals who contributed 4638 articles.	2
In this paper we examine gender and racial disparities in publishing, an activity that is important for career advancement, but has not been incorporated adequately into the debate on faculty attrition.	1
This also poses a challenge for the identification of negative citations and the acquisition of large-scale corpus.	0
We performed all data processing and modelling with the statistical language R (R Core Team 2013).	3
Surprisingly, differences, rather than hindering the work, often played a positive role in making these scientific partnerships a success.	4
The main conclusions were that plagiarism software offers a unique opportunity to screen for plagiarism easily but also that it has to be employed with caution as automated or uncritical use is far too unreliable to allow a fair basis for judging the degree of plagiarism in a manuscript.	5
In late October 2017, discussions emerged to include Montclair State University in a state-wide database to showcase the research output for five of the state's research universities, both public and private.	3
Two major experiments show that the proposed model is better suited for topic generation with consideration of citation impact than DMR does for the trend analysis in the field of Library and Information Science in general and Text Mining in particular.	4
"Nitrous oxide emissions" was the most frequent word, followed by "Carbon dioxide emissions" and "Methane emissions".	4
2013), is used to collect the information for the bibliometric analysis of 30 years of performance of IJCIM.	2
In order to map how the imagined organisation of scientific work can be superimposed upon actual practices, we report on an empirical study based on two series of interviews held with nutrition scientists.	2
The importance to the field score for each journal is defined as the product of the journal's average relative quality times its percent level of awareness by survey respondents and has a simple utility interpretation.	3
Finally, to analyze the differential impact of research depending on the origin of authors, we run econometric regressions considering citations as the dependent variable.	3
Schools in the top 25 for NIH funding and schools with a Carnegie R1 classification had significantly higher bibliometric measures compared to schools ranked 26-50 and schools classified as R2, respectively.	4
Thus, the following questions are drivers of current research: 1.	1
We test the “editor-selection” hypothesis by comparing the quality of the two papers in terms of the total number of citations that each paper receives in the first five years after its publication.	3
We construct three ideal types for joint programs building on alternative conceptualizations of European integration (Edler and Flanagan, 2011; Schmitter, 1996).	3
Conflict of interest: Both authors are members of the ASTRO Research Evaluation Committee.	0
It appears that thus far the innovation systems approach has been more of a rhetorical than a practical device with the pre-1994 and present innovation systems showing both continuity and disjuncture.	4
The final step was to investigate the availability of indexing of Zone 1 and Zone 2 journals in standard indexing tools.	3
Thus, 2YIF would not seem to be a robust individual RAM to use if it were intended to capture the harmonic mean of the ranks.	5
Bibliometric analysis is defined as a statistical evaluation of published scientific papers, books, or book chapters (3–6).	3
In the GS, the corporate-academic collaboration is still in its infancy, and its diversity is still low (i.e., focused on three economic sectors: energy, high-tech, and pharmaceutics).	5
However, the rate of received citations to the published articles indicated a lack of considerable impact in scholarly publications.	4
Consistent with previous work emphasizing the use of citation analyses as a means for studying the pattern of flow of published material within a field (Bergstrom et al.	5
The median FI score was 4(0-500) and there were 20 studies which had a FI of 0.	4
To determine whether this policy resulted in meaningful RCR educational experiences, our study examined the instructional plans developed by individual universities in response to the mandate.	1
The study is supported by High Impact Research, University of Malaya, Grant number UM.C/625/1/HIR/MOHE/SC/13/3.	0
Moreover, 11 out of 29 TAS that are relevant for the development of bioplastics have become more interdisciplinary over time, as the total interdisciplinarity index (TI(i)) appears to increase across time sub-periods.	4
The analysis is grounded in an exemplary case study on plagiarism between lawyers that was tried in a high court of justice in Spain (Judgment 107/2017, 2nd March 2017).	2
This resulted in a dataset of 4,089 faculty, of whom 3,412 are currently employed in tenured or tenure-track positions.	2
Even if a suitable marker paper is not known, it is possible to iterate from a reasonable initial paper towards a suitable marker paper.	5
Downloaded from sts.sagepub.com at MEMORIAL UNIV OF NEWFOUNDLAND on June 13, 2014	0
The ranking of universities has become an integral part of today's higher education system.	5
Additionally, we concentrate on papers with a minimum of two references to gauge their interdisciplinary level, resulting in a final sample of 3,856,719 papers.	2
For each article we construct two measures of short-term citations: the 1 year citation count, which is the number of citations from other articles appearing in journals listed in the SSCI in 1994–1995, and the 2 year citation count, which is the number of citations by articles published in journals listed in the SSCI in 1994–1996.	3
The measures of the closeness to unidimensionality for the overall RCS were as follows: unidimensional congruence, 0.957; explained common variance, 0.875; and mean item residual absolute loading, 0.223.	4
7), that only a relatively small amount of the variance can be explained by the association between the THE and the ARWU (Table S3).	4
The authors expect to be able to test these hypotheses empirically in the future.	0
In this study, we looked at original manuscripts submitted to the American Journal of Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics (AJO-DO) in 2008 and aimed to give descriptive statistics about accepted and rejected articles, as well as to examine the interactions among manuscript characteristics and acceptance, rejection, and subsequent publication.	1
Discouraged lists of “bad journals” reflect concerns over inferior research publications, but also the involved drain on public resources.	4
Of 17 journals in this study in these categories, 8 exhibited non-decreasing trends of life expectancy or residual citation rates through the journal-years studied.	4
Here we analyze three interconnected questions utilizing newly available data and new indicators: 1) How has national research productivity evolved in MENA and how does it compare with other countries?	1
Consistent with prior studies, we transform all of our citation count variables into logarithms by taking the log of one plus the citation count (Stern 2014).	3
A list of all TDs completed from 2014 to 2018 in the three law schools was collected from the institutional repositories of the three institutions and uploaded on four Excel spreadsheets with predetermined columns.	2
The 1989-2012 SMS PhD awardee lists were obtained.	2
Results indicate changes in size, research activity, and connectivity in periods following the major hurricanes and oil spill.	4
This can also be seen in the visualization of the co-authorship networks of each journal in the Appendix.	0
RQ2 Does the relationship between the relative frequency of title words and the citation impact of the articles differ between subjects?	1
The first stage was to identify all Google Code program that had been cited in Scopus.	2
This paper proposes a framework for interdisciplinary topic identification and evolutionary analysis based on BERTopic to bridge the gap.	1
2010 Board of the Foundation of the Scandinavian Journal of Statistics.	0
Journal responses to 29 human gene knockdown publications with incorrect non-targeting controls were identified through PubMed and/or Google Scholar searches using publication titles as search queries.	3
The variable pair entity type and scientific domain showed a small association of 0.18.	4
We implemented the proposed model as a computer simulation using the agent-based simulation approach (Van Dinther, 2008; Tesfatsion, 2002; Ciatto et al., 2020).	3
We collected retractions from 2013–2015 (last 3 years since the beginning of the study) recorded in RW.	2
In this study, we use ORCID as a data source to analyse the mobility of researchers trained in Germany, France, Spain, the Netherlands, and Italy, the main economies of the Eurozone according to Gross Domestic Product (GDP).	1
Each scientific field was represented by 40 authors with the highest number of published papers, recorded during those 10 years.	2
Altmetric scoring was used to identify the top 25 articles published in each calendar year between 2014 and 2018 in the CJC.	3
Third, we explored how centrality metrics can predict the academic impact.	1
It is conducted using Google groups by creating specific threads.	3
This study addressed the collection and analysis of data from researcher profiles registered on the ORCID platform.	2
Analysis of this paper reveals that out of total of 290 publications on COVID-19 128 are in international collaboration which is 44.13% of total publications, 124 papers are in domestic collaboration and 38 publications are without collaboration.	4
The data set was created by the Elsevier Bibliometrics Research Program.	2
Consequently, for PhD graduates supervised by eminent doctoral mentors with extensive overseas experience, managing national social capital and precarity during international mobility becomes easier.	4
This study aimed to select the important international academic awards by surveying the reputations of the preselected 207 international academic awards and exploring the relationships between these awards by mapping the selected 90 important international academic awards.	1
Note: Some percentages do not sum to 100% due to rounding.	0
Examples are selection of referees (which is often based on personal knowledge) and issue make-up.	0
Table 2 The share of international papers by country in 2000-2017	0
The application codes are in the range from H01 to H31, representing 31 categories of medicine, including basic medicine, clinical medicine, public health, special medicine, and so on.	2
Most GHR publications are not available directly on the journal's website (69%).	4
Promising incipient descriptors include computational linguistics, transductive learning, semantic web, document ranking, personalization, crowdsourcing, etc.	5
2 Authors with the highest number of publications in major theoretical database conferences	0
Publishers can be divided into five categories through cluster analysis.	4
Finally, we selected a third batch of articles (Category C) from the same journals, published 3 years before the pandemic (i.e.	2
Male editors selected <25% female reviewers even in the year they selected the most women, but female editors consistently selected ~30–35% female reviewers.	4
The study found the coverage difference to be the major cause of the discrepancy, followed by incomplete and inaccurate extraction of citations as well as different data exclusion criteria, thus highlighting the problem areas that Korean citation indexes need to address.	4
To answer the research questions at the beginning, most of results proved that funding is highly related with usage and citation.	5
The final aim is to propose a weighted generalization of the Euclidean Index that at least partially relieves some of the issues raised by Ng and Andersen, but in a way that leverages the best of the Perry-Reny axioms and the generalized mean function.	1
Our results confirm the striking prevalence of articles written by researchers based in developed countries.	4
Our findings demonstrate that COVID-19 has caused unprecedented destruction of the original knowledge support pattern in the early stages of research (which is at odds with the knowledge support pattern in the general scientific background).	4
Our analysis showed Brazil, Mexico, and Argentina were among the most productive countries in terms of publication number.	5
Furthermore, analysis was made up to year 2012 while 2013 and 2014 years were excluded because they are still open for new journal issues.	2
The competition for financial support of research is not equitable among researchers.	4
The higher average effectiveness of programmes aimed at young scientists has been observed: the ERC Starting Grants have greater effectiveness than Advanced Grants.	4
Preprints were classified as “COVID-19 preprints” or “non-COVID-19 preprints” on the basis of the following terms contained within their titles or abstracts (case insensitive): “coronavirus,” “covid-19,” “sars-cov,” “ncov-2019,” “2019-ncov,” “hcov-19,” “sars-2.”	3
The most exceptionally referenced works in the WoS-SC ‘Chemistry, Physical’ are shown in Table 5.	4
Around 10% of faculty from health sciences were less representative of those from the university health science population.	0
In this study, we evaluated RCR scores of academic dermatologists in the USA and examined if factors such as gender, Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) degree acquisition, and academic rank were associated with RCR values.	1
236 referenced statements were selected from 10 mental health-related policy documents published between 2013 and 2018.	2
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
On the contrary, there was a positive correlation between years since publication of the article and the normalized citation count (r2 = 0.373, p < 0.001, Figure 3), meaning that newer publications had a lower normalized citation count.	4
This study was based on bibliographic data of these 10 nursing journals retrieved from the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI; http://www.cnki.net/) during 2003 to 2013 with self-written Java crawler programs.	2
Our results are interesting because they indicate that although there are misalignments at the global level between research priorities and disease burden in absolute terms, in sub-Saharan Africa, there is no clear trade-off between participating in global research networks and producing medical research that is aligned with local health needs.	5
The list of professors' salary obtained from National Assembly Library of the Republic of Korea (2012) originally included 216 universities and colleges.	2
Received 29 August 2005; revised 1 January 2006; accepted 2 January 2006	0
The tools used were mainly Excel for basic data statistics, SPSS for regression analysis and a non-parametric test and Gephi for visualization analysis to draw the network diagram of scientific research collaboration in the field of economics, and node centrality was calculated.	3
In this paper, the Framework for Reputation Estimation of Scientific Authors (FRESA) to address this issue is depicted.	1
Regardless, our analysis may help institutions reflect upon what it means to have a high-quality research environment.	5
The authors are very grateful for the insightful comments and suggestions of the anonymous reviewers and Associate Editor Jonas ?aparauskas, which have helped to significantly improve this article.	0
The top 20 countries based on the number of articles published in the field of surgery, as per the SCImago Country Rank, were included in this study.	2
Our measure of publication productivity is the addition of the number of books (or contributions, which may include both co-authorships and book chapters in collective volumes) published or accepted for publication in the period 2004–2006 and the number of articles accepted or published in the same period.	2
We found that education research seems to have become less qualitative and more quantitative over time, and that our 2021 model could successfully predict the scores assigned by the REF2014 subpanel, suggesting a reasonable degree of between-exercise consistency.	4
The data used in this article are from a bibliometrics database developed and maintained by the Competence Center for Bibliometrics for the German Science System (KB) and derived from the 1980 to 2011 Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI), Conference Proceedings Citation Index–Science (CPCI-S), and Conference Proceedings Citation Index–Social Science & Humanities (CPCI-SSH) prepared by Thomson Reuters (Scientific) Inc.	2
This study attempts to contribute to the "monitoring of patterns" in publication in the field of library science by identifying which factors are associated with publication in influential peer-reviewed journals.	1
We collected the data presented here through Internet searches, rather than surveys or interviews with RIOs or institutional compliance staff, for two reasons.	3
The survey was active from 7 February until 31 March 2020 (54 days).	2
These include proactively gathering and storing data; providing best practice advice to those engaging in promotion, particularly when promotion is via social media; and making it easier to track specific efforts to publicize books by using tagged links.	5
Humphreys, Sanchez de la Sierra, and van der Windt go a step further, carrying out a plan that I and others have often recommended but have never actually done: before carrying out their analysis, they simulated fake data and used it to prepare a “mock report" which they publicly released.	3
This paper is based on the paper submitted to the '9th International Conference on Webometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics (WIS) & 14th COLLNET Meeting held at Tartu, Estonia, organized by the Estonian Research Council and COLLNET, 15-17 August 2013.’	0
Findings are consistent with global science as a self-organizing system operating on a reputation-based dynamic.	5
The results suggest that qualitative research increased substantially in prevalence between 1996 and 2019.	5
The key question is whether there is any relationship between collaboration in the social sciences and the citations that the publications earn.	1
For the RPYS, all cited references (n = 10,932,050) have been selected from the papers in our publication set on climate change (n = 222,060), i.e.	2
Our analysis demonstrates that investment in both craniofacial surgery and craniofacial orthodontics fellowship was the highest predictor of academic success, regardless of how success was defined (Table 2).	5
It also applies relational techniques that encompass citation, bibliographic, co-word, and co-authorship analysis.	3
This study recruited reviewers experienced in NIH and NIH-style grant evaluation to participate in an on-line experiment and survey.	3
The current study seeks to further test the usefulness of the hIa for a more representative sample.	1
However, when field, academic rank, and productivity are taken into consideration there are only minor and non-statistically significant sex differences in the propensity to collaborate with colleagues in other countries.	5
Endogamy is identified by matching the variables “alma mater id” – which establishes where scholars obtained their PhD - and “higher education institution id” – which establishes where they are currently employed –, in which a dummy variable “inbred” received a 1 for all identical matches and a 0 otherwise.	2
Third, with a focus on the three top multidisciplinary journals (Nature, Science, and Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, PNAS), we aim v) to establish which of them is advancing the most toward multidisciplinarity.	1
Axiom 1 A measure U of how unexpected the single event “a category's journal with impact factor in the interval [l, 1 + ?l) occurs” was, depends only upon its probability p.	0
The aim of this study is to determine which countries are the most productive and influential in tourism, leisure and hospitality through a global analysis of the most influential journals in the field (according to the WoS).	1
A number of factors interact to discourage innovative thinking and risk-taking, from basic research to commercial applications.	4
There was a decrease in publications by lower-middle income countries from 7.7% in subscription-based publishing to 1.8% in open access (P < 0.001).	4
The present study investigated whether bibliometric indices predict fellowship of the AAS and examined two key research questions.	1
This is, no doubt, in part due to the fact that the number of citations made by engineers in their articles is generally lower than in many other disciplines.	0
Over the past 23 years, despite the overall increasing trends in the number of NIH grants awarded to neurosurgery departments overall, the proportion of neurosurgeon-scientists that were awarded NIH grants compared to scientists demonstrates a declining trend.	5
We included all studies published until December 2021.	2
We investigated the research output of adult and child neurologists in the Philippines and correlated this to the Philippine socioeconomic and healthcare indices among different regions.	1
Its main feature is that it corrects for differences in citation practices between subject fields, enabling one to compare journals from different subject fields in terms of their citation impact.	0
The findings of this study provide a clearer and much deeper understanding about the integration of CS knowledge into the interdisciplinary field, MI, from a hierarchical perspective.	5
In this sense, the objective is to develop a sound and practical statistical modelling approach that relates different aspects of frontier research-reflected in pro- posals to the selection outcome of proposals.	1
A total of 21,604 manuscripts were examined, and 2844 of these were the work of declared joint first authors.	2
We use the migration data from the 2000 Census available from US Census Bureau reports.	2
The study recruited 116 science and social science ECRs from seven countries who were subject to in-depth interviews, and this paper reports on findings regarding publishing and authorship practices and attitudes.	2
A negative correlation is also found between abstract length and the value of Discussed in B, and between the number of pages and the value of Save in B.	4
Differences in the number of documents between both databases are depicted as a line graph in Fig.	0
The top 3 journals in each topic are bolded and shaded.	0
These effects operate through the relationship between procedural justice and identification.	0
In this study, however, we incorporate article types in to our analysis when interpreting the citation and usage data.	1
A first analysis of Figures 1 and 2 reveals the central weight of two regions in the social sciences: first, and by far, North America – on average around 57% of the social sciences papers have at least one North American address; and second Europe – with around one-third of the papers with at least one European address.	4
Only journal publications indexed as article, letter, note or review between 1991 and 2010 are taken into consideration.	2
This article presents a new compact representation for webgraphs, called w-tree, which is designed specifically for external memory.	1
Our findings suggest that the marketing of academic ghostwriting is customized to appeal to potential clients' cultural backgrounds, with Chinese ghostwriting sites emphasizing the authority of ghostwriters and English sites prioritizing empathy with users.	4
According to the betweenness centrality index (BC(i)), the three TAs within the technology network showing the highest betweenness centrality are again “Macromolecular chemistry, polymers”, “Other special machines", and "Medical technology".	4
The main finding is that the relationship between traditional metrics and the AS, which measures the coverage of papers, journals, and disciplines in various alternative metrics depends on the level of analysis.	5
To investigate the relationships among gender composition, collaboration continuity, and citation impact, we collected 3234,119 papers published from 1936 to 2015, and constructed 5363,672 collaboration pairs.	5
In this study, we proposed a method using fuzzy distances to delineate the thematic similarity or dissimilarity of research domains with respect to an indicator.	5
Notice that in order to obtain this conclusion, it is necessary to analyze, at the same time, both project networks, since the information extracted from them is complementary.	5
Does the duration of such training affect the timing and prestige of their assistant appointments?	1
Secondly, publications of Ukrainian authors constitute 68.2% of publications in Ukrainian journals.	5
Usage of BioOne content is strictly limited to personal, educational, and non-commercial use.	0
However, for our purpose it was enough to know whether the material was available in the library or not, and whether or not it was available electronically.	0
A search for articles regarding education in otolaryngology from 2000 to 2015 was performed with MEDLINE and EMBASE databases, yielding 1220 articles; 362 relevant publications were categorized by topic, subspecialty, subject, article type, and funding source.	2
Note that this exact ratio (80:20) corresponds only to one specific value of the power law exponent: a = 2.16 (calculated from Newman, 2005, Eq.	0
The issue is to what extent the authors rely on web resources and are they finished with citing paper-based materials?	0
However, publications from Taiwan had the highest average citations per article, and publications from Hong Kong had the highest average IFs.	4
On average, ML is more accurate than human classifiers, across a variety of training and test datasets, and across evaluation panels.	4
A publication was determined to be a review if: (1) The publication title or abstract clearly mentioned the word 'review' indicating that it was a review, or the journal title clearly indicated that it only published 'reviews'; (2) The abstract indicated that was mainly an overview; or (3) By reading the full text, the publication was determined to be a review that fulfilled the definition of a review listed in the introduction of the current manuscript, as 'mainly an examination or summary of existing literature, without presenting new or novel materials and findings'.	3
We perform a comprehensive network analysis on a large scientific corpus of collaboration and citations (97,688 papers with 1,862,500 citations from 170 million scientific records) to quantify the success trajectory of innovative drug development.	1
This article investigates the extent to which the Danish Bibliometric Research Indicator (BRI) reflects the performance of men and women differently.	1
The findings of the current study revealed that Nobel laureates' journal publications outperform those of their counterparts in terms of text borrowing, even though there are still incidences of extensive text borrowing and the lack of appropriate citations observed in their publications.	4
To what extent do the vocabularies of mathematics, computing, astronomy, physics, chemistry, biology, psychology, sociology, economics, political science, philosophy, and linguistics overlap?	1
Patients with advanced melanoma can survive longer after treatment with the immunotherapy drug ipilimumab.	1
This empirical study has shown that although a paper may not be written and published in a high quality manner and journal, it is still possible for the paper to acquire adequate citations and world-wide recognition.	5
The change in probability is calculated after holding all other variables at their means	0
According to our analysis, Latin America has 805 triple-A journals; in number of journals and percentages, they are distributed as follows: Brazil (376, 46.71%), Mexico (109, 13.54%), Chile (98, 12.17%), Colombia (84, 10.43%), Argentina (60, 7.45%), Venezuela (42, 5.22%), Cuba (23, 2.86%), Peru (5, 0.62%), Jamaica (4, 0.50%), Costa Rica (2, 0.25%) and Ecuador (2, 0.25%).	4
Our model indicates that more need not always be better.	4
We have done this in a constructive attempt to realize the potential that Spaapen and Van Drooge's (2011) productive interactions' concept offers by addressing the wider conceptual framework for describing SSH pathways to societal impact.	5
Our findings call to caution when interpreting the productivity of resident ecologists in their field, both in Chile and worldwide.	5
On the other hand, researchers with Low a (numbered 1–5) place importance in field specific journals, the h-index, international and local collaborations, and the number of publications, while they do not place importance in high JIF or the number of citations.	4
Our results demonstrate a change in scholarly practices of Polish artists-academics due to the influence of the evaluation system and suggest that the Polish PRFS fosters ‘scientification’ of publication practices in the arts, by which we mean a tendency to adopt publication practices typical for science-oriented academic disciplines.	4
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms- and-conditions	0
Table 1 Total number of publications and distribution over publication types for Norwegian publications (fractionalised) across fields 2005-2009	0
At this level of perfromance, India is absent in seven areas, and in the areas in which it is present, its weakest performance is in earth and planetary sciences (0.72%) and environmental sciences (1.08%), which indicates that it is poorly placed to face the impending impact of climate change and global warming.	4
Second, to analyse the main trends of the HTA literature about Sub-Saharan Africa in terms of disease focus, types of intervention evaluated, journal impact factors, and patterns of collaboration between authors within and outside of Sub-Saharan Africa.	1
biomedicine) perceived and prioritised a number of different RI topics relevant for RPOs and RFOs, respectively (based on Labib et al., 2021 and Mejlgaard et al., 2020).	3
To ensure a sufficient citation time window and volume of articles per year, we selected articles published more than 5 years (i.e., articles published before 2018) and those published after 2000.	2
The weighting values were assigned following advice from Italian researchers in the life sciences.	0
While Beall's list was an instrumental resource in its prime, its cessation of updates since 2017 makes its continued use a potential concern.	1
Existence of Flow Vergence (FV) effect in citation networks is revealed.	4
Keywords flour, passion fruit and Passiflora edulis were employed to identify scientific papers on the passion fruit peel flour, with a filter comprising the title and the abstract of the document at "Advanced search".	2
It resonates with the imperatives of neoliberalism that privilege individual success, entrepreneurship, prestige, promotion (self- and institutional) and monetary gain.	4
From the table, the correlation coefficient is significant between citations and number of Mendeley readers, which indicate they have the same impact in evaluating OA articles.	4
Noyons of Leiden University, Netherlands, for their valuable advice on the work and paper.	0
Graphical representation of the Gs index for measuring the inequality of citation distribution in sleeping period.	0
From the downloaded data, Microsoft Excel 2019 (Microsoft, Albuquerque, NM, USA) extracted the number of papers published by each country, the percentage of the total number of publications, the citation frequency of publications in this field for each country, and the average citation frequency.	3
Lastly, cohesion problems were promoted through conflicts regarding content or resource decisions.	4
Tel.: +86 411 847 072 92x23; fax: +86 411 847 060 82.	0
Co-authorship analysis examines academic collaboration, visualized as networks where authors are nodes connected by links.	3
We submitted the same queries used for the WOS database in the Scopus database, in the title field with time-span limited to 2004–2013, for English-language titles.	2
The accuracy of the grant-funded and non-grant-funded article counts from WoS was estimated by a sampling survey.	3
For the case 'against', we first argue that there is a lack of definition in the social sciences.	3
Journal Citation Report? grouped under the subject categories of clinical neurology, neuroscience, and general and internal medicine.	2
The exact values will not be critical to our main point that changing incentives can lead to a structural change.	0
Using the hierarchy of terms, we then calculated the breadth and depth of each scientist's output.	3
This is a first order linear differential equation with variable coefficients.	0
Regarding the moderators, journal desirability was operationalized by looking at the journal impact factor, given that publishing in top-tier journals tends to be valued more [34].	3
While half of the top universities have a top 10 place in physics, chemistry or medicine, none of the top 10 universities reaches the top 10 in bibliometrics.	4
Finally, these results have important implications for research evaluation because they evidence that GSC's profiles, created by the scholars' will, generate a population biased towards any aspect (disciplinary, organization, country, etc.) and with rapid and strong fluctuations.	5
Excel 2007, Matlab, and Thomson Data Analyzer (TDA) software were used to analyze the search results for number of publications, cited frequency, h-index, and organization contributions.	3
Detailed data regarding contribution of the different European nations to total European orthodontic research production are listed in Table 4.	0
The social sciences are not part of the publication data base and were therefore not included for study.	0
It appeared that the outcome of the grant review depended more on the reviewer to whom the grant was assigned than the research proposed in the grant.	4
Intervention research was more commonly cited in relation to statements outlining the policy options, chosen solutions or to substantiate evaluation findings.	4
Consequently, we establish a two-dimensional coordinate system that enables the classification of boundary crossing outputs into four distinct roles within interdisciplinary knowledge flows, as shown in Fig.	3
Collected the journals'data on the DOAJ portal in October 2018, the same period of collection of the curricula for the analyses presented in the present work, 12,171 open access periodical titles were retrieved, containing data such as title, ISSN and eISSN, among other information.	2
Using the VOSviewer, the mappings can be made for the author keywords, keyword plus and all keywords.	3
Table 1 Publication patterns of tenure system health sciences faculty by college over 15 years.	0
H?-index is the improvement based on h-index and inherits corresponding advantages of h-index.	5
We analyzed serial citations in 72 marine biology master's theses as well as the ranking data of aquatic science serials from six global serial citation metrics, to assess serial use by marine biology graduate students from two perspectives.	1
All 67,608,187 Scopus records of type journal article published between 1996 and 2018 were downloaded between November 2018 and February 2019.	2
First, the migratory patterns of NLs have evolved from multi-cored diversification in Phase A (-1945) to polarisation in Phase B (1946–1991) and to re-diversification in Phase C (1992–2023).	4
RQ3: Considering the use of keywords, how specialised are countries in each research topic?	1
Otto Auranen is a researcher at TaSTI, University of Tampere, Finland.	0
Supplementary data associated with this article can be found, in the online version, at https://doi.org/10.1016/j.joi.2017.10.005.	0
We find that number of research subjects follows log-normal distribution for almost all countries and indicates linear dependency on research budget in log-log plot.	4
These journals were selected based on their Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) impact factors for the year 2003, as reported by ISI Journal Citation Reports (Thompson Scientific, Philadelphia, PA).	0
2 Twitter classification of users mentioning any of the three publications or their retraction notices in tweets	0
Open access funding provided by Technion - Israel Institute of Technology.	0
2018a; Yang 2015; Zha 2016), lacking in-depth quantitative analysis of the whole program and its implications.	0
In total, we obtained a sample of 5323 studies from 230 journals.	2
Our findings also contrast with previous findings on the lower research impact of authors from Latin America, despite their involvement as contributors to reputable journals, and also shed light on the research performance-impact standards and agenda between the global North and South and provide an in-context assessment of outstanding local research.	5
The comparison of two universities in terms of bibliometric indicators frequently faces the problem of assessing the differences as meaningful or not.	1
The present article aims to comparatively evaluate Uppsala University library's own metadata system Summon with the free, publicly available equivalent Google Scholar (GS).	1
In our final analysis, we investigate what incentives administrators could use to retain and motivate researchers (Table 5).	0
Our findings portray LIS as a discipline with increasing paradigmatic establishment through the years.	5
The purpose of the present research is to examine whether the SSH-oriented taxonomy is relevant to the science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) disciplines when clarifying societal interactions and impact, and whether the taxonomy adds value to the traditional STEM impact indicators such as citation scores and H-index.	1
The raw data used is partly reused from a previous paper (Thelwall 2017a) that analysed Mendeley reader counts for ten Scopus fields using data from February 2016.	2
The data from Unpaywall website were retrieved during 27–29 June 2019.	0
To the extent that the strong negative rate of change in the shift factor for the production function for new scientific knowledge is a bellwether of trends in economic growth-and it may well be so because NIST efficiently provides the technology infrastructure that enables R&D, technological change, and ultimately economic growth-our findings in this article might reasonably suggest the importance of new technology policy (Link and Scott 2011).	5
Then this group's year-based activity h-index is equal to A if A is the highest rank such that in the first A substances have a year-based h-index at least equal to A.	3
The visual research profiles were based on publicly available material on the research activities of the interviewees.	2
Multiple linear regression analysis (MLRA) and artificial neural networks (ANNs) were applied in which the measured value of GDP per capita was used as an output of the statistical process (dependent variable).	3
However, the correlations between technological and scientific impact indicators are mostly low or moderate, which shows that they measure quite different aspects of journal or research performance.	4
Through quadratic assignment procedure analysis, we found that some authors have ABC or AC relationships (i.e., potential communication relationship, PCR) but do not have actual collaborations or direct citations (i.e., actual communication relationship, ACR) among them.	3
This phenomenon is found in departments of economics, and most journals in economics have Harvard-style references.	0
The contribution of researchers in the Arab region to the field showed a noticeable increase with time.	5
It is this complex configuration of overlapping, multiple ambivalences of the RAE as a governance technology that seems to account for the mixed picture of the exercise's impacts revealed by this study, at system, field, institutional, and individual level.	5
Doubtlessly, the idea of designing and launching a website without any knowledge of the principles and standards would be problematic and impossible.	5
This study aimed to bring attention to this gap in knowledge.	1
Citation data were extracted from Web of Science, Scopus and Google Scholar.	2
Therefore, in this study, we focus on the continuity of researcher participation in generating and developing ETs in the life science and medicine fields as a case study and aim to demonstrate the mode shift within scientific practice by researchers who have generated and developed ETs over the past 50 years.	1
To evaluate whether these content- and citation-based methods are complementary, we carried out experiments on real collections of scientific papers (ACL and PubMed).	2
Using regression analysis, Section 5 explains the factors concerning the research performance and international collaboration of scientists in China.	0
China is undoubtedly emerging as a sub-center for international scientific collaboration.	5
The result of the test showed that journals with an over-repetition rate occupied 11.27% of the total while those with repetition rate from 0 to 5% and from 5% to 10% took 52.31% and 36.42%, respectively (see Figure 1).	4
The results revealed that the Neural Network performed better than Multiple Regression.	5
What we should want is a non-exclusionary practice that is easy to use without disagreement, fairly allocates credit, properly distributes epistemic responsibilities, enables useful credibility judgements, facilitates practices of accountability, and creates a market that incentivises good research.	5
It is proposed that the discourse power of academic journals is composed of discourse influence and discourse leading.	1
To fill this gap, Mendeley readership data and Scopus citation counts were extracted for both journal articles and conference papers published in 2011 in four fields for which conferences are important: Computer Science Applications; Computer Software; Building and Construction Engineering; and Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering.	1
A moderate to strong significance correlation was found between health expenditure and the number of documents published (r = 0.67, p < 0.001), number of citable documents (r = 0.68, p < 0.001), number of citation (r = 0.76, p < 0.001), and H-index (r = 0.77, p < 0.001).	4
The number of coauthors per original paper ranged from 1 to 5 for 2006-2008, and from 6 to10 for 2009-2015 (Table 2).	4
We operationalize the indicator in terms of a fine-grained decomposition of public R&D funding in instruments, each characterized by their mode and criteria of allocation, and by integrating information from studies and policy documents with expert judgments on the less formal dimensions of allocation.	3
To be considered for analysis, institutions had to have (co) authored at least 5000 articles over the ten-year period.	2
The aim of this paper is to investigate whether thematic patterns may be identified in the 2021 submissions, whether such patterns may be correlated with scores, and what this might teach us about crafting future environment narratives.	1
The combination of interview and questionnaire gives a fair and general picture of what the scientists think about the new funding system.3	0
By far the most commonly-mentioned factor for respondents' disappointment with research assessment was the use of quantitative indicators, mentioned by 27 respondents.	4
The following subgroups of researchers (top 40 authors in each category) were evaluated, according to the key words: allergen, brain, endocrine/hormone, gene, heart, kidney, liver, lung, neoplasm, pregnancy, stomach, surgery.	2
The outcomes indicate that awarding societies tend to be sensitive to such indices or they may take these indexes into account when making decisions on award winners.	5
Article data from each library were exported into InCites to create a benchmarking analysis.	3
After a normalization process that eliminated initials accompanying given names and replaced hyphens with spaces, all the authors' first names were matched through GenderChecker, a database that includes 102,142 worldwide names classified as male, female, or unisex (acquired from http://genderchecker.com/).	3
Journal impact factor was also found to be associated with honorary authorship (mean journal impact factor was 4.82 (SD 6.32) for those who self-reported honorary authorship and 5.60 (SD 7.13) for those who did not report unjust authorship, p=0.05).	4
As reflected in the pages of EPP, the field of evaluation consists mostly of work dealing with social work and community, public health, and organizational management and performance.	5
The first row reflects the mean and the second row reflects the corresponding standard deviation.	0
For articles B with more than 20 and at most 200 citations, the S10(B) sparking index from the top 10% citations is defined as:	3
Due to the lack of stability of the position of the journals of mathematics in these lists, we propose a 'cumulative index' that fits better the characteristics of mathematical journals.	1
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
We downloaded the PubMed 2020 Baseline dataset in October 2020, which contains 30 million PubMed documents published by 2019.	2
The purpose of our study is to compare the evolution in vascular surgery in Europe and North America over 5 years, by analyzing the trends and characteristics of the scientific articles published in vascular journals.	1
The simple impact factor (SIP) is defined as the number of citations divided by the number of published articles.	3
As a conclusion, publishing papers in monographic special issues versus non-monographic in the reviewed journals has some advantages for both journals and authors, such as greater international visibility and shorter publication times.	5
Therefore, the development of ADSS based on the mathematical models proposed in this article is a topical and necessary task.	5
The journal compositions of EBMs of the major countries are illustrated in Fig.	0
Second, it integrates the logical relationships and concept connotations among studied concepts into a co-word matrix and calculates the semantic distance between concepts based on domain ontology to create the semantic matrix.	3
"Regenerative endodontics" was the most frequently used key word.	4
The obtained Spearman correlation coefficient results between ranks of research papers for different similarity measures and user study-based measure, justify the application of CORES for the computation of document similarity.	4
This article aims to provide empirical evidence on the determinants of publication productivity of Spanish PhDs employed in universities as academics.	1
Details of the articles published in these journals during 2009 and 2010 and the citations they received in 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012 were retrieved from the WoS.	2
These were 2,549 patents owned by 600 companies.	2
Ultimately both manifestos relate to the question of who is competent to responsively (e-) valuate science.	5
The collaboration pattern also reveals that publications co-authored in international collaboration find its place in a relative higher impact journal in comparison to domestic collaboration indicating direct correlation with international collaboration and impact factor.	5
It uses the quantity of journals and articles as the supply index and the number of researchers as the demand index, attempting to examine how the changes in their condition will influence an economic equilibrium.	1
Subsequently, documents that were not published as articles, editorial materials, letters, or reviews and those that were not published between 2012 and 2022 were sequentially excluded.	2
The aims of this study are to (i) provide basic indices on the authorship of ECS in the field of marine and fisheries sciences, (ii) assess temporal trends in the contribution of ECS to the scientific output within the field, and (iii) compare the citation impact of articles led or co-authored by ECS with those which are authored solely by senior scientists.	1
The rate of transience among the authors was found to be 64.56% (n = 10,140).	4
The present study comprised three complementary phases intended to identify and analysis challenges and problems of women participation in health research in Iran (2021-22).	1
Results indicated that (1) formal sanctions received the highest level of support, (2) female scholars and researchers working in the applied sciences favored formal sanctions, and (3) a nontrivial portion of the sample supported an integrated approach that combined elements of different strategies.	4
To obtain a single value from the different ranking values, the final ranking of the countries was determined using the Borda function.	3
The method tested by this study consists of sampling dissertation abstracts, converting each abstract to an array of relative frequencies (with a value for each of a set of terms that commonly express socio-epistemic positioning) and using these arrays to build a predictive model through machine learning, which is then tested against arrays for known disciplines held out from the training data.	3
This study investigates the pluralisation of science systems globally by focusing on Muslim-majority science systems.	1
We used the H-index as a measure of individual academic productivity.	3
Using ‘nervous system diseases' and 'genes' as MeSH terms, and 'genetics' as a qualifier for 'nervous system diseases', we retrieved a dataset of, in total, 27,153 records.	2
The general radiology journals included in this study were Radiology (IF of 29.15), European Radiology (IF of 7.03), American Journal of Roentgenology (IF of 6.58), Academic Radiology (IF of 5.48), and European Journal of Radiology (IF of 4.15).	2
The IRB confirmed that there is no risk to human subjects in this type of research since the data are based on published literature and, as secondary data, did not involve any interactions with human subjects.	0
Of these ninety-eight OA journals (13.73 per cent of the total), only twenty-one journals are completely OA; that is, they update OA papers on time and trace OA data back to the first issue.	4
After manual verification of the results, a reference population of 762 articles was obtained.	2
Each of the six data points—usage, faculty publications, IF, SNIP, cost-per-use, and cost-per-SNIP—for each institution was sorted into quartiles and assigned a numerical value from 1 to 4.	3
The target population for this study included all academic researchers (master's students, PhD students, postdoctoral fellows, and principal investigators) at Canadian research institutions.	2
As shown in Table 2, India has dominated the amount of publications i.e., around 88 % (495 articles), followed by the US i.e., 9.61 % (54 articles) and Pakistan 6.76 % (38 articles).	4
The country of origin was the USA in 849 publications, Germany in 241, the UK in 150, and France in 143.	4
To assess the immediate impact of tweets on article downloads, we obtained daily download counts for articles in five of the journals (all published by John Wiley & Sons): Conservation Biology, Journal of Wildlife Management, Journal of Animal Ecology, Ecological Entomology, and Transactions of the American Fisheries Society.	2
How are Big Data-related publications in different topics distributed across citation generations?	1
Notably, we found that 62% of reverse flips (N = 95) had not been born-OA journals, but been founded as subscription journals, and hence have experienced a three-stage transformation from closed to open to closed.	4
Our study hypothesis was that all indices would be correlated with academic rank.	1
Specifically, the study is driven by the following research questions: 1.	1
This study provides an overview of the cognitive structure and the relative specialisation or comparative advantage of countries at the level of publications and research topics over time in NST research.	5
Evaluative bibliometrics is concerned with comparing research units: Has Researcher 1 performed better during his or her career so far than Researcher 2?	1
The research methodology is based on bibliometric mapping using scientific visualization software (VOSviewer).	3
Is there a correlation between international mobility and research productivity of CS researchers?	1
The aforementioned methodology could also be applied to an European and/or inter-national scale to achieve a comparison across the medical schools of Europe and/or United States and investigate the ranking of Greek medical school research performance in an international level.	5
The audio recordings of the interviews were transcribed into text and saved in Microsoft Word.	0
Our major conclusion is thus that, given the fixed order of the IMRaD structure (corrected for inverted sections), the distribution of references across the text seems quite stable if not in fact invariant.	5
Papers were chosen from 2008 as this is the first year in which there is full coverage of funding acknowledgement data within the Thomson Reuters Web of Knowledge citation index.	2
The initial explanatory variables were: editorial standards, scientific impact (h-index) of the journal, and journal age (universalistic criteria); country, language, and discipline (particularistic criteria); and type of publishing organization and type of journal (additional variables)—Model 1 in Table 2.	3
Overall 74.6% of them were between 1 and 15 years old.	4
A corresponding 5-year cohort was drawn from ESI-equivalent applications submitted between 2004 and 2008 to form the control group.	2
This study fills a gap in the literature by focusing specifically on performance content in US institutional repositories.	5
We predicted the expected pattern of citations over time using a Poisson generalized additive model, and expressed the number of citations of each individual paper as the Pearson residual from the curve [26] (electronic supplementary material, appendix S1).	3
In addition to the total number of peer-reviewed articles, n?, we calculated a normalized estimate, Nn (yrˉ1), that corrected the number of articles with the age of the PI using the following equation: Nn = nt/(Ag ?	3
While preprints as a whole still represent only a small proportion of scholarly publishing, a strong community of early adopters is already beginning to experiment with such value-enhancing tools in many more disciplines than before.	4
Author keywords co-occurrence analysis revealed 11 research themes, indicating that Current Science is a multidisciplinary science journal.	5
The number of references in journal articles and reviews are growing in all fields (except for the reviews in Arts and Humanities that remain stable over time), but at different pace; The number of references in notes are growing in some fields (again at different pace) and are stable in others.	4
We assessed these characteristics for 292 publications by a research group about which we submitted concerns about publication integrity to 77 journals and 29 publishers between March 2013 and February 2020.	1
Two hundred fourteen published articles were selected from 1980 to 2013 with a citation range of 0 to 21 times since publication time.	2
We assessed 1990-2014 NHMRC grants to physicians and non-physicians (nationally) and compared physician salaries from NHMRC, the University of Sydney and NSW public hospitals.	2
Distribution of the data for selected (Code 1) and not selected (Code 0) applicants according to each indicator for the starting grants.	0
The main focus of this research is: what is the effect of following FoS trend on the careers (in terms of citation count) of scientific authors?	1
In a simple model of publication and data disclosure we analyze the interaction between a data-creating researcher and a competing researcher and study the incentive and welfare effects of data disclosure.	1
Furthermore, Natural Language Processing techniques has been used to analyze all the abstracts and keywords specified on the defined corpora of documents (Palomo and Montalvo 2011).	3
Nanotechnology maintains an interdisciplinary journal citation pattern while the number of nanotechnology departments increased.	4
Acknowledgements This work is supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China under Grant 71731002.	0
Submit manuscripts to journals with editors who are active scientists with recognized reputation in the field.	3
In the GGC analysis, we mainly used keyword searching and NER to construct variables from website data to measure SME innovation and entrepreneurial activities.	3
We extract publication data for all grantees in Clarivate's Web of Science (WoS) and create individual time-series of research topics using citation-based community detection.	2
In all, we conclude that national VIRTA data and JUFO levels complement WoS based bibliometric analyses of research performance with a comprehensive coverage of publication output including all fields, publication types and languages.	5
This study was constructed to assess trends in digoxin toxicity research using well-established qualitative and quantitative bibliometric indicators.	1
The impact factor with 51.9% were lower or the same with the Turk J Phys Med Rehab.	4
In particular, we investigated if high-quality quantitative research, which is not plagued by endogeneity bias (see Antonakis et al., 2010), is better cited.	1
Second, evaluations at the group level (using their knowledge footprint) provide more accurate assessments since they allow for appropriate comparisons within subfields of science.	4
i An update to this article is included at the end	0
Similarly, we identified 17 International centers of TE excellence out of the 348 schools that published in TE.	4
This paper formally tests the Matthew effect for citations based on systematic deviations from Gibrat's law.	5
The MM combination decreased from 100% in 1986 to 71.8% in 2016, while there was a significant increase in the other combinations.	4
RNN and the Markov model require data source to learn from, thus text from various random scientific documents are concatenated to create a text sample.	2
Respondents were asked to estimate the number of requests for information, data, and materials they made to and received from other academic researchers in the past three years.	2
Keywords Editorial boards interlocking · Communication sciences · Journals · Social network analysis · JCR · Diversity	0
The next part of the analysis obtained citations for each journal listed on Scopus (www.scopus.com) and journal ranking data for 2011 from SCImago (SCImago Journal & Country Rank from www.scimagojr.com) and Journal Citation Reports (JCR, Thomson Reuters).	3
Compared with traditional lecture, fixed teams, and interacting teams, opportunistic collaboration is the most effective structure in teaching team learning through fostering communication, support, and learning networks.	4
The presence of IRs as an infrastructure for scholarly communication contributes greatly to the dissemination of knowledge in the context of scholarly communication.	5
In the second part, the VR sessions are compared with five other FF meetings in terms of costs and duration per discussed application.	2
Instructional Emphasis for Very High Research Activity Universities (n = 146).	0
Journals with more authors attract more submissions in a year.	5
Note: The line value is the number of editors in common between pairs of journals connected by a line.	0
It is important that definitions of research impact remain open and defined by the academic community, rather than be closed down and restricted by impactologists and the limits of whatever simplistic data is to hand.	5
In total, 9,606 articles were analyzed resulting in 4,937 (51.39%) articles being characterized as non-OA and 4,669 (48.61%) being characterized as OA.	2
We performed two-dimensional spatial mapping of ERA-LAC co-authorship networks working at the interface of biodiversity and climate change using the Force-Atlas 2 algorithm in Gelphi.	3
Clarivate's Journal Citation Reports website was used to identify journals containing the words 'sleep' or 'dream' in the titles with an impact factor since 2018, resulting in 12 journals.	2
The estimates of all models can be found on Table 4 in the results section.	0
Between 1980 and 2014, the average percentage share of publications containing at least one North American PhD author is 22%, 50%, and 58% for all journals, for the top twenty journals, and for the top five journals, respectively.	4
6 Publications accepted by the WOS core collection and N values of core institutions	0
Method: We invited 932 ICSE 2014/15/16 authors and reviewers to participate in a survey with 10 closed and 9 open questions.	3
*Revision of a paper presented at the 1978 meetings of the Southwestern Social Science Association, Houston, Texas, April 13, 1978.	0
The research questions addressed range from what literature is used in research and where does it come from, what is the perceived quality and the usage of specialized tourism and hospitality journals, which regions of the world produce most tourism research and which universities have contributed most to the tourism body of knowledge, what are the hiring, promotion and tenure standards that are applied in hospitality and tourism programs, what educational qualifications and industrial experience do tourism and hospitality educators have, to what media are used in Third World tourism research.	0
The results confirm the assumption that after a number of job changes in academia, the productivity gains at the current workplace start to stagnate and slightly diminish.	4
0.05% and 0.1% most cited papers, where the share of reviews have increased from 16 to 18% in 1990 to around 40% in 2010.	4
China ranked second in total number of articles, but seventh in citation frequency (1998) and ninth in H-index (21).	4
The first group, which I will call 'Top-3', consists of the projects: Christmas Bird Count (306), eBird (196), and The GLOBE Project (61) that collectively account for 72% of the 783 peer-reviewed research papers.	4
For data analysis purposes, I classified these researchers into five broad groups based on the positions they held at the time of their misconduct: graduate students, postdoctoral fellows, academic faculty (ranging from ranks from research assistant professor to professor), other research staff with no terminal degree (such as phlebotomists, clinical research coordinators, and laboratory fellows), and other research staff holding a terminal degree (MD or PhD) but not identified as a "postdoctoral fellow" by ORI.	3
MAS could be a reliable tool for collaboration studies if and when their limitations are previous addressed, concretely the cleansing of duplicated profiles.	5
Thus a strong common rate of β-convergence across all university and discipline units during 2012–2018 did not necessarily translate into an overall decline in dispersion across all units, with differences in σ-convergence observed across periods.	4
A research productivity index was developed to measure productivity of respondents under study.	3
The UAI 2022 conference received 701 paper submissions out of which 351 were assigned to the anonymous condition and the remaining 350 to the non-anonymous condition.	2
Therefore, we examine each field’s industry preference score, which is given for field A by IPSyear(A) = (ref.	3
The findings can be applied to not only increase article sharing through ResearchGate, but also to facilitate scientists' article sharing through IRs.	5
As in other scientometric studies about Iran, this study showed that University of Tehran ranked top and the growth of Iranian researcher's outputs in ISI databases and in particular Social Science Citation Index in the present research is increasing.	5
Also, the suitability of the proposed research projects with the regional context is a strong predictor for the outcome of the selection and funding processes.	5
We also use an informal survey of the early-career scientists that are or have been involved with the Preprint Editorial Team to find that these scientists view their participation positively with respect to career development and knowledge in their field.	1
Agencia Laín Entralgo, Consejería de Sanidad y Consumo (Comunidad de Madrid), Madrid (Spain)	0
To construct our sample, we hand-collected employment and publishing data among economics and finance professors.	2
(c) to prepare a rank list of prolific contributors and to test the empirical validation of Lotka's law for author productivity within the scope of this study.	1
The ERC peer-review panel structure is divided into three large domains, Life Sciences, Physical sciences and engineering, and Social sciences and the humanities.	2
The region had a very high rate of international collaboration in plant biotechnology research during 2004–2013 at 65 % and the rate of collaboration is growing at a CAGR of 11 %.	4
Each of the 11 participants selected one journal in their field on a first-come-first-served basis, with the intent for each to tweet one randomly chosen article per month for 10 months, for a total of 110 tweeted articles (Table 1).	2
We assessed the annual publication and citation trends and identified the most prolific institutions, sources, authors, and globally cited publications.	1
computer science) are becoming increasingly central, but that on average the similarity between pairs of disciplines has not changed in the last decades.	4
As noted above, the general flaw with fixed values on authorship positions is that the valuations will be incorrect in most cases.	4
A MEDLINE and Scopus search on alcohol (alcohol-drinking and alcohol-related problems) published from 2005 to 2009 was carried out.	2
Numerous parties are involved in the groundwater investigation; hence, a broad multidisciplinary approach is required.	5
Given this bridging characteristic of review papers, this study explored the influences of review papers when using citation-based data for analysis.	1
Figure 2 shows that peer reviewers add value by identifying the strongest research proposals.	4
There were 24 and 546 articles published in 1945 and 2010, respectively.	4
The Spearman's test was used to determined the correlations among variables, and p < 0.05 was considered statistically.	3
By no means does the model suggest that dips in funding should be considered lightly or positively by the scientific society.	0
As the latter provides acceptable accuracy, close to 95% when predicting both classes and to 99% when predicting the accepted projects class, both the methodology and final model are validated.	4
We divided the entire period into eight consecutive intervals and measured structural variation change rates (AM) of individual authors in corresponding author co-citation networks.	3
Cheating attitudes are more complex than a simple perception regarding the favorability or unfavorability of cheating behaviors; the current study demonstrated this by discovering three distinct factors that were present in an academic cheating attitude scale.	5
The question of whether this age distribution affects the quality of collaborative papers has emerged as a significant topic in recent research.	1
From Table 5, we can see that the academic influence score of international OA journals between China and USA declined significantly at FA=0.3, and the geometric average value of FA is 0.1317.	4
It’s also found that the integration of new CS knowledge into MI is a gradual process without explosive growth, as the distribution of these CS terms first integrated into MI layers are relatively homogeneous.	5
Some will argue that there is substantial variation in quality among them so we test the sensitivity of our findings to this assumption by repeating our analysis by also adjusting each of our 45 AER-equivalised page counts for quality using the index of citations per article in Kalaitzidakis et al.	3
c Department of Epidemiology, National School of Public Health, Oswaldo Cruz Foundation, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil	0
Weighted average percentile (WAP) is employed to aggregate different experts' judgements into standard WAP scores.	3
This study aims to identify publication strategies through behavioral observations for researchers belonging to the engineering area.	1
A total of 1619 publications relevant to COVID-19 and orthopedics were reviewed.	4
This study analyzed the citation records of the top 10 journals from 2002 through 2021 for the last two decades.	1
Derivative analysis enables the extraction of papers' citation variation tendencies as well as the sleeping and awakening periods of AWSBs.	5
Publication bias is a reality in science and the preferential publication of editorial board members could contribute to it.	5
Publication venue may have some influence on promoting the impact of papers; however, it is not the main deciding factor of the impact of research.	5
In addition, Clarivate Analytics Web of Science is chosen as the data source, which includes the significant databases such as SCI-Expanded, Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI), Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI).	2
In light of the above discussion, the fair measures for the scientific output of an individual scientist has to be calibrated.	5
Please list a few reasons for why you prefer working alone or why you prefer working collaboratively.	0
All documents until May 31, 2020, were considered.	2
The results indicate that in the past 5 years the number of scientific articles has grown at a reasonable pace and that the authors that have published the most articles on these themes come from research centers in the United Kingdom, United States and Taiwan.	4
Cross-cutting challenges of the decision-making processes faced by funders included bias, burden and external limitations;	4
LattesDataXplorer (Dias, 2016), a framework for data extraction and treatment, developed by the research group of this work was used.	3
Informed by previous research (Grieneisen & Zhang, 2012; Hu & Xu, 2020; van Leeuwen & Luwel, 2014) and the Retraction Watch Database, a tentative coding scheme was developed to analyse the retraction notices and address the first research question.	3
Nevertheless, this present letter will help researchers identify and avoid participating in predatory conferences.	5
How has academic interest in different topics evolved within this discipline?	1
Nane argues that “one should clearly distinguish between practical significance and statistical significance."	4
A majority of participants agreed that poor salaries offered by universities in the Anglophone SSA region discourage potential researchers from joining academia.	4
As a result, we utilized negative binomial regression models.	3
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2018	0
A PubMed search was performed for radiological animal research articles (defined as studies using animal models with a radiologist as the first author) published in 1994, 2004, and 2014.	2
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
To investigate the express issue of open access, the search term “open access” was used to retrieve all relevant literature by limiting the term to only search the subject field (SU) in the LISS database.	2
Do not expect to have your manuscript accepted on its first submission.	5
Following previous studies (Lin & Zhan, 2016; Liu et al., 2015; Somoza-Fernández, Rodríguez-Gairín, & Urbano, 2018), this paper employs publications indexed in the Science Citation Index (SCI) and the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) in WoS to investigate China's international academic achievement, and it counts publications indexed in the Chinese Science Citation Database (CSCD) and the Chinese Social Sciences Citation Index (CSSCI) in CNKI (http://www.cnki.net/; the largest and most continuously updated Chinese academic journal database) to study domestic Chinese outputs.	2
In this article we use the Leacock & Chodorow algorithm.	3
In assembled products, a dominant design emphasis is placed on incremental product improvement and product variation at the transitional phase.	0
The same effect has the number of the published pages, but journals with size limits also yield more cites.	4
Rank list of prolific contributors, productive institutions, and predominant countries have been carried out using fractional counting method.	3
The highest ratings were about impact factor in universities of medical sciences reflecting the low level of this index in uni- versity websites.	4
The aphorism perpetuates inequality among academics and institutions while marginalising the ideal relevance of research for society.	4
On the basis of these results, we conclude that participation in the research ethics workshop did lead to a significant improvement in student comprehension of the eight key research ethics terms.	4
Logistic regression with L2-norm regularization (a.k.a., Ridge regression; Hoerl & Kennard, 1970) implemented by Scikit-Learn (Pedregosa et al., 2011) is used as the classification model.	3
This finding concurs with the views of Ocholla and Bothma (2007) who indicated that collaboration among LIS schools and researchers in such areas as “teaching, research, student and staff exchange, conferences, workshops, curriculum development, publications, research supervision, examination is very important yet very minimal.	5
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cupr20	0
Retrospective quantitative study of the 20 most cited bioethics articles published each year from 1975 to 2014 were conducted.	2
On an empirical basis, we ask how well the traditional counting methods represent the reality of scientific contributions and we offer a new solution, called modified fractional counting (MFC).	1
Three indicators are considered to adjust edge weight: (1) Structural similarity, (2) Topic similarity and (3) Sentiment analysis.	3
To answer the question this analysis seeks to break new ground in exploring the underlying drivers responsible for the exhibited lack of change.	1
For the Economics group, we find a statistically significant difference between A-authors and Z-authors concerning their choices of teams of two compared to larger teams.	4
This work has the objective of determining whether the demonstrated relevance of a researcher in the field of communication, measured in terms of scientific productivity, and the researcher's social position, measured in terms of membership of the active core of academia, have an influence on important decisions for academic and scientific activity.	1
XGBoost model with or without relevance scores features generally performs much better than GBDT model.	4
My data collection methodology is based on the hypothesis that the documents cited in the search reports by patent examiners against patent applications in a particular (new) technology link the emerging techniques to conventional, existing ones, and therefore an analysis of these documents will point to the roots of the new technology.	3
They sought to use bibliometric methods to validate the Basket as the eight top quality journals that are "strictly speaking, IS journals" (Lowry et al., 2013, pp.	1
Therefore, in this paper, a bibliometric study using VOSviewer software is carried out with 1,865 documents from 2008 to 2020.	1
We used the TreeTagger to annotate the data with the part-of-speech information for each word.	3
Brazil is the most productive country in the region and the areas that draw most interest are Optics, Materials Science, Physics Applied, Nanotechnology and Chemistry Physical.	4
2016 ASIS&T Published online 0 Month 2016 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
Published articles from 347 economics journals from 1980–2017 period were retrieved from Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science, hosted at the Leiden University Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS).	2
Email: Nicholas R Anderson* - nicka@u.washington.edu; Peter Tarczy-Hornoch - pth@u.washington.edu; Roger E Bumgarner - rogerb@u.washington.edu	0
The result of the T test comparing female and male scientists' impacts exhibits an insignificant gender difference (Table 7).	4
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The overall scientific merit score of each application was calculated as the average of scores from all panel members without a conflict.	3
This might just illustrate such kind of “divergence” in the basic orientation of sub-disciplines of information science.	0
Our findings indicate that: (1) a direct rescaling of citation count and PageRank score is an effective way to suppress the temporal bias of these two metrics; (2) rescaled PageRank R(p) is the best-performing metric overall, as it outperforms PageRank and CiteRank in identifying recent and old milestone papers, respectively, and it outperforms citation-based indicators for papers of every age.	5
In publications, we see a difference in favor of men in all the fields, so productivity of male researchers has developed stronger; in citations the differences are rather small, sometimes in favor of male researchers, sometimes in favor of female.	4
When the average weight values are examined, HPA is the most important criterion, followed by CNCI and IRW, respectively.	4
Results indicated that the number of scientific publications in this research field increased gradually by years and then rapidly from 2015 with at least 50 articles per year.	4
This may justify the search for archiving solutions that are expedient in the short term.	0
As we can see in Figure 2, Hofstede's name is the largest, indicating that he has the largest number of published papers, which is also realistic.	0
This finding challenges the prevailing belief that policy makers utilise high-quality research.	5
This study investigates the extent to which scholarly tweets of scientific papers are engaged with by Twitter users through four types of user engagement behaviors, i.e., liking, retweeting, quoting, and replying.	1
We find that in the entire WoS multidisciplinarity is clearly over-represented among cutting edge ideas.	4
A total number of 1258 publications (TP), retrieved from the Scopus database about Natural Resources and Indigenous Communities (NR&IC) research, was divided into 10 document types for the period from 1979 to 2020, as presented in Fig.	2
To better understand the mechanisms by which a scientist influences the knowledge creation of other scientists, we investigate the distinct role of a scientific celebrity who gains celebrity status from his outstanding scientific achievement and intense public attention.	1
We found that the position of scientists within collaborative networks has a direct impact on their performance, and that scientists with strong connections generally produce more publications and patents.	5
The new indicator of balance builds upon and extends the use of, our previously introduced indicator of relative intensity of collaboration (RIC).	1
Figure 3: Distribution of Number of Scholars Publishing Articles in the Top Three Journals	0
Most of the time, these debates are taking place without good empirical underpinning.	0
Using the concept of competitiveness, the authors established a principal component analysis (PCA) model to examine disciplinary competitiveness in stomatology of various higher education institutions worldwide.	1
R Lyle Skains, Bangor University, John Phillips Hall, College Road, Bangor, Gwynedd LL57 2DG, UK.	0
To dynamically analyze the distribution of Cuban international scientific collaboration, the time frame was divided into three stages.	3
However, the odds that the former communicate more with peers based at Japanese universities are 61 % higher when compared with the latter (model 9).	4
They may be interpreted as almost decoupled filter bubbles.	5
The Springer Nature group is 53% owned by Holtzbrink and the remaining 47% is held by the BC Partners private equity group, an international firm specializing in leveraged buyouts.	0
With the information of papers’ publication time, such Matthew effect can be observed directly as follows.	0
Therefore, we compared the trend in NIH grant funding from 2009 to 2018 for United States allopathic medical schools among historically top-funded schools, private and public schools, and by region of the country.	1
The results indicated that the average number of citations for the endogenous publications was significantly lower than the journals’ average, t (130) = 6.67, p < .001.	4
In the case of data, around 50% of respondents stated they had stored data in a repository, and of all the options, the most frequently given was that of an institutional repository, followed by a discipline repository.	4
The findings of the research are comparable with the findings of Baji and Osareh (2014) who had obtained a clustering coefficient of 4.87 for Iranian researchers' neurosciences network.	5
2, the R2 = 0.655 value should be considered as pretty low; it occurs for the i = 2 case.	4
The remaining authors have no pertinent disclosures to report in relation to the content of this article.	0
The inception dates of these journals vary from 2003 to 2005, but each journal has continued to be published through 2014.	2
The identification of very useful research based on citations (or cited references) is based on the premise that citations measure usefulness.	5
We use Gender APIb to perform gender lookup for each name.	2
Publisher’s note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Particle physics and astrophysics are both examples of “big science", with large multinational research teams and facilities that often have a dedicated press office.	5
Overall, both subfield and field classification correlate positively with the citation structure.	4
CONTACT Sandra Lopez-Leon Sandra.lopez@novartis.com Global Drug Development Patient Safety One Health Plaza, East Hanover, NJ, USA.	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Further, our process here suggests that universities may benefit from tolerating a more porous structure on behalf of their faculty, staff, student body, and especially surrounding communities.	5
‘‘Dust mite* (or Dust mites),’’ and ‘‘Dermatophagoides’’ were used as search keywords.	2
These scripts are based on automatic robot navigation, employing macros of the i-macros software (Progress Software Corporation 2017) and javascript language, which allows us to cover the entire database and export it to a set of files in a more useful csv format.	3
We used the database Scopus, for the period 1876 through 2021, identified 538 valid articles about these worms, and analyzed them with the software VOSviewer, to identify countries, subjects and historical trends, as well as which fields need strengthening to understand and protect them.	2
To convert this estimate into a more policy-relevant number, I do the following.	0
Of these, 248 (50.2%) were ECRs and 240 were MCRs (40.8%).	2
Lastly, important theoretical discoveries increase the delay by 3.3 years on average, while obtaining the last education degree a year later delays the Nobel Prize by 4.7 months on average.	4
It can be concluded that the Physical Therapy citations and production are primarily focused on two large thematic areas, diseases that involve middle-aged population and muscle function and its alterations.	5
In all the analyses, we calculated five genealogical metrics as follows: descendants, inverted descendants, fecundity, inverted fecundity and genealogical index.	3
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/), which permits non-commercial re-use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
This makes it possible for a programme under analysis to be covered as completely as possible (see Fig.	0
To identify relevant Scopus-indexed articles, first all standard journal articles in Scopus were downloaded using the Scopus Applications Programming interface with queries of the form, SUBJMAIN(1000) AND DOCTYPE(ar) AND SRCTYPE(j), where 1000 is the narrow field subject code.	2
The exact meaning of citations in a scholarly article is debatable.	0
This finding is inconsistent with analysis of the global spine research field, which showed that 1990–1999 was the most important decade.	5
However, the number of Green and APC-funded papers are revealed to have a negative association.	4
Table 3 shows that 70.4% of the articles were published in Zone 1 and 2 journals.	4
In most of the journals, the reason for delay was technical.	4
For comparison, Harvard is ranked 1 by Shanghai and Leiden, and 2 by Times and QS, and has Pubs = 60,768, CPP = 16.34, and NI = 2.00.	0
The results of the study indicate that self- archiving of the articles will greatly improve the visibility and citation impact of the articles.	5
The two CNSs centered at the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB) and Arizona State University (ASU) were funded under cooperative agreements with NSF with a total budget of 23.7 million USD over 10 years.	2
India's share of 1.89% in computer science belies the notion that it is a superpower in that area.	4
We excluded single-authored articles and co-authored articles that did not present the list of authors' contributions at the end of the article.	2
The FFa (F1000 article factor) is calculated from the highest rating awarded by a member (6, 8, or 10) plus an increment for each additional rating from other members (1, 2 or 3 for “Recommended,” “Must Read” or “Exceptional,” respectively).	3
The mathematical objective is to maximize the number of publications that the TOPSIS predicts correctly.	3
The methodological focus of this study is on the measurement of citation impact.	1
Perhaps surprisingly, it is found that the distribution may well be approximated in some cases by a simple geometric distribution.	4
It appears that, relative to their wealth (measured by GDP), some MENA countries, particularly Oman, Qatar, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates, are substantially under-investing in biomedical research.	4
The 100 most cited articles were published between 1962 and 2010.	4
This research investigated the citation impact of the Korean natural science and engineering journals (from 2009 to 2014) toward SCIE journals in terms of JCR (Journal Citation Reports) ranking changes.	1
We find that the more students are underrepresented genders (P < 0.001) or races (P < 0.05) in their discipline, the more they are likely to introduce novel conceptual linkages (# new links).	4
The number of published articles represents only a crude estimate of the scientific activity but hardly represents the quality of published articles.	0
Data Availability Statement: The data are available in Figshare (https://figshare.com/articles/dataset/ PONE-D-19-35305R1_Data_xlsx/14315591).	0
The effects of these policies on scientists are relatively unexplored.	1
The result suggests that students who received autonomous training, compared to those who received non-autonomous training, produce 20% fewer publications before graduation but 23%, 29%, and 41% more publications in post-graduation time windows.	4
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
Fifty-two dermatologists with identical names were excluded to prevent interference with individual statistical data.	2
Therefore under both market structures, prices for information are set too high, and information is used inefficiently infrequently: information is underused and overpriced.	5
A few h-related indicators are calculated: besides the h-index, also the h2-index (Kosmulski, 2006), the h3-index (Fassin & Rousseau, 2019) and the recent ha-average citation index (Fassin, 2023).	3
Note that the samples used in the test sessions were not included in the actual coding samplings.	0
Using the cited references analysis, we are interested in the question: What are the influential papers for the researchers working in a specific field or on a certain topic?	1
Almost all highly-cited staff members, those engaged in intense international collaboration, are the representatives of the “new” staff, while the vast majority of “old” staff have a low level of citations and engagement in international collaboration raises a critical challenge for the university's development.	4
We extracted data from citing articles including: (1) Citation content, combined with context analysis to explore whether the content of corrected papers or correction notices was cited; (2) Reference location.	3
The works that cite Beall's List journals are especially likely to focus on countries in the World Bank's lower middle income category (i.e., countries with per capita gross national incomes from $1046 to $4095) and especially unlikely to focus on countries in the high income category ($12,696 or higher).	4
A managerial culture could also lead to the instrumental reification and alienation of academics (Lukács 1971; Marx 1964), making the value, process, and outcome of academic research externalised to researchers themselves.	5
Science invited experts to highlight key aspects of the scientific enterprise that are steadily yielding to empirical investigation—and to explain how Newton and Planck got it right (and Einstein got it wrong).	1
Average citation distribution against each individual subject discipline has been computed by dividing the total citations received against the total number of research articles published during the period of study.	3
This study also indicates which SciVal metrics (measured over the short term) are unique predictors of lifetime metrics.	5
Of 9,935 publications, most were published after 2007 and almost 60% were in the category of geriatrics and gerontology or sport sciences.	4
In other words, the researchers from NAT who collaborate with hospitals are not necessarily the most productive in terms of the total number of publications, but they are highly cited, whereas the reverse appears to be true for researchers from MED.	4
Instead of the usual group matching with regard to the propensity score, the “inverse-probability of treatment weighting” (IPW, McCaffrey et al., 2013, p.	3
The results presented in the current study show that the g-index works well in such contexts.	5
GS was close behind, followed by LISA and EDS.	4
A review of the distribution trends of chemical databases in peer-reviewed articles was conducted through a citation count analysis by country, organization, journal and WoS category.	3
?p < 0.10;* p < 0.05;** p < 0.01;*** p < 0.001.	0
The main goal of the benchmarking system is to create an "h-index" for residency programs.	1
In this paper, we present a bibliometric study of the development of computer science in 15 of these countries over this period.	1
However, citations by other published articles were more frequent for references supporting clinical recommendations (13.0 citations per year from publication on average) than for those providing background information only (7.8 citations per year from publication on average).	4
Except for Business, Finance, the partial correlations between ARWU-GRAS and PageRank scores do not reach statistical significance when controlling for the indicator CIT.	4
We traced the conceptual journey of Sharpless over time through topic modeling, terms map and clustering technique from distant reading his full-text publications in the five time periods from 1963 to 2020 with a working corpus containing 79,653 different lemmatized words and 792,074 word occurrences (Fig.	2
This dependence persists when we control for academic discipline, impact factor, number of articles, and year of download.	5
Published under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0) license.	0
Namely, we collected the data for 400 universities ranked by QS ICT, and 600 universities ranked by URAP ICT field ranking.	2
In April 2013 we retrieved entries from the Scopus database by searching for combinations of "transition, transitional and emerging” with “economy, country and market” (Scopus automatically retrieves singular and plural occurrences) in either title, abstract or key words for the years 1990–2012, resulting in 15,587 entries.	2
Highly cited studies were extracted from the ESI database bimonthly between January 2020 and December 2022.	2
The patterns and impact of intra-regional and inter-regional research collaboration on West Africa research output were also assessed.	1
This solution combines science mapping and bibliometric techniques, covering automated data manipulation and elaboration of advanced visual analyses to drive the selection of superior references through the Smart Bibliometrics.	1
Design/Setting A cross-sectional online survey study with open (free-text) and closed questions (August to November 2021).	2
Our respondents however did not bring up other diagnoses of problems around metrics that have been more visible around European policy discourses—including their associations with burnout, bullying, workplace environment, hypercompetitive career structures, and research misconduct.	4
Part of this paper was read at the annual meeting of the American Sociological Association, New Orleans, August, 1972.	0
We also perform regression analyses controlling for heteroscadasticity on all the data simultaneously.	3
Categorical variables were summarized using frequencies with percentages.	3
This outcome provides robust evidence, independent of the OA data source used, that flipping journals tend to have an OA Citation Advantage compared to non Gold-OA journals, and that this advantage is already visible a few years after the switch.	5
Among them 38 members are affiliated to the hard disciplines and 38 members are affiliated to the soft disciplines, during the 2 years 2020 and 2021.	2
This study does not involve human participants and informed consent was therefore not required.	0
This paper aims to investigate integration processes in the funding layer – concerning the establishment of what we call joint programs, i.e.	1
We hypothesize that (a) the 2–5 year JIF window does not reflect the “knowledge cycle" of article production to inclusion in the AWMF medical guidelines (Grant et al., 2000) (b) articles cited as justification for specific guideline recommendations are typically also cited more often by other publications than articles only mentioned in the guideline background text and (c) the references cited by the guidelines are not correlated with the references' JIF.	1
Every country has different scientific capabilities in different scientific roles, and China's scientific capability has improved dramatically.	4
The domain's name that we explore is water resources in Web of Science and aquatic science in Scopus.	2
RQ2: Which are the top contributing countries/regions, affiliations and authors?	1
The bibliographic records for this study were taken from “China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI)”.	2
The search term "Henan rainstorm" was used, and a Python program that self-coded to crawl original Weibo posts from July 19, 2021, to August 2, 2021, was utilized.	2
Our conclusion is that the Russian conflict in the Ukraine has not considerably affected the long-term patterns and trends in international scientific collaboration, except in fields of research that heavily rely on large multinational infrastructures established through state agreements such as Particles and Fields in physics.	5
The data used in this article are derived from the Arnet-Miner data set, which covers the most important articles in conferences and journals from the domain of computer science (Bu et al., 2018; Li et al., 2008; Tang et al., 2007, 2008).	2
The number of international collaboration articles was used as a mediating variable, which demonstrated the international research collaboration of each scientist.	2
Although 60% of students scored ≥80 (out of 100) on English tests given at admission to the graduate program, 93.09% of the sample used some form of external editing assistance to produce their papers in English.	4
This purpose leads us to ascertain the position of research focussed on sales and, finally, to contribute to the flow of new knowledge.	1
This paper focuses on this journal, with an extensive bibliometric analysis of IMM from its foundation in 1971 to 2017, the last year analyzed in this study.	1
As indicated in Table 1, 95.1% of advertisements covered different types of services related to misconduct including performing students' projects and research (Fig.	4
The quality and quantity of articles published in IJO increased and improved significantly.	5
The risks both for the funding agency and the individual institutions are then that the difficulty in carrying out efficient selections could lead to final scores and relative assignments of selective funding that do not represent the true quality of research conducted in the institutions.	5
According to the methodology presented in Section 2.3, for each unit of assessment we calculated the value of parameter C (Eqs.	3
How some vehicles of open access publication come to be understood as exploitative within academe's hierarchies of prestige can reflect forms of stigma and discrimination not wholly evident in status quo discourse regarding publication in scholarly journals.	4
A total of 481 journal papers using the three bibliometric mapping software tools were gathered from the above two data sets after removing duplicates.	2
Effectively, more than 40,000 letters about all aspects of science and particularly about the medical field are published each year in Web of Science-indexed research journals (Clarivate Analytics 2018a).	2
This article assesses long-term publishing (16+ years) United States (U.S.) researchers, contrasting them with shorter-term publishing researchers (1, 6, or 10 years).	1
Based on the results for all metrics in Table 8, Michael A.	4
This article quantifies books' impact in terms of citation counts in published articles and in other published books.	1
Multiple linear regression analysis (using the ordinary least square method) was employed to explore the relationship between gender disparities in output (dp), collaboration (de), and impact (di) with multiple indicators of HDI and GII.	3
The seven selected journals for this study representing STEM librarianship are: (1) Science & Technology Libraries (STL), (2) Issues in Science & Technology Librarianship (ISTL), (3) Journal of eScience Librarianship (JeSL), (4) Journal of Hospital Librarianship (JHL), (5) Journal of the Medical Library Association (JMLA), (6) Medical Reference Services Quarterly (MRSQ), and (7) Health Information and Libraries Journal (HILJ).	2
One interesting result Blank found is that nearly half the referees of the double-blind papers could correctly identify the identity of the author.	0
Therefore, we divided the AI research in arXiv into four stages (Nilsson, 2014, Frank et al., 2019; He et al., 2019; Russell & Norvig, 2016; Tran et al., 2019): the embryo stage (1993–1999), stable stage (2000–2007), machine-learning stage (2008-2003), and deep-learning stage (2014-2019).	3
Figure 7 | Correlation between scientific production ranking and ranking based on the number of publications in 2009.	0
In urban studies, the interaction took place with policymakers and urban planners mostly in fora related to regional and municipal policymaking.	4
With this brief communication, we describe a technical advancement for developing research historiographies by introducing RPYS i/o, an online tool for performing standard RPYS and Multi-RPYS analyses interactively (at http://comins.leydesdorff.net/).	1
The number of publications overall rose until the late 1990s and later decreased.	4
9 If life in American universities becomes increasingly chaotic, distinguished scientists may seek the tranquility of industry or research institutes in order to work in peace.	0
For the quantitative data, 31 responses (from 23 funding organisations) were analysed.	2
The method of bibliometric analysis is also used to measure the influence of a publication by counting its citation frequency and investigating the characteristics of citing papers (Carvalho, Diniz-Filho, & Bini, 2005; Chu, 2001; Furner, 2003).	3
This study aimed to analyze the quantity and quality of publications, and to exhibit the current global status and trend of adult-onset Still's disease research.	1
TABLE 3 Top 50 keywords (ranked by keyness value) and their raw frequencies in each corpus	0
The second author would like to thank the National Science and Technology Development Agency for the supporting.	0
When analysing the regional distribution of Nature publications, we found a high correlation between the expenditures and the number of local affiliations that are counted on a national basis.	1
Because the area of Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) has always been a central focus for IJHCS, we also include in the analysis the CHI conference, which is the premiere scientific venue in HCI.	1
This article integrates factor analysis, entropy weight and TOPSIS method to evaluate the discourse power of academic journals.	3
The objective of this study was to determine the degree to which articles published by a major predatory publisher in the health and biomedical sciences are cited in systematic reviews.	1
Our analysis uses both bibliometric and alternative data sources; we used Scopus, Web of Science and Academia.edu as data sources.	3
After removing publications that appeared after 2009, 253,749 publications remain in our corpus.	2
Table 1 The top cited article each year in Irish Journal of Medical Science from 1916 to 2016	0
In total, at least 40.7% = 24,712/60,635 of the original references are missing in Dimensions.	4
Therefore, our study aims to review the published errata and corrigenda in articles covering neurosurgical topics, followed by discussion of the characteristics of errors and their future implications pertaining to the neurosurgical scientific community.	1
The combined analysis has contributed to a better understanding of how collaborative research takes place in a practice-oriented discipline such as project management, adding to the existing literature on scientific collaboration as well as collaboration in social science.	5
dominantly male authored papers in research goal orientation.	3
We designed this study to provide a panoramic view of the scholarly vigor of the department chairs of surgery by using the database of the Society of Surgical Chairs Membership Directory (SSCMD), the Web of Science, and the National Institute of Health (NIH) websites.	1
However, if authors want to influence global bioethical thinking, researchers in Ibero-American institutions will have to make the necessary leap in quality to be able to publish in English-language bioethical journals, especially high-quality ones.	5
More than half of the articles (59.12%) contain no literature references at all, and only 49 of the 231 HBR articles (21.21%) cite academic articles.	4
Citation trend of an author based on yearly citation count is computed.	3
However, when two sets are highly overlapped (say for example √σ2x + σ2y ?	1
To eliminate the effect of hot-spot papers and differentiate the citations respectively from the focal paper and from its citing papers, we cut edges from the purple diamonds to the red circle, eliminating hot-spot works' contribution to the citing papers.	3
Seven indicators were proposed to measure the impact, including Funding rate, Citation per paper, Usage rate, Usage per paper, Citation difference, Usage difference, and Conversion rate.	3
The research was in part conducted while the author was a postdoctoral fellow supported by the Sloan Foundation.	0
In short, we attempt to outline an overview of all the available metrics based on scholarly communication in the mirror of the PlumX and WoS data.	1
This makes the African research networks vulnerable to shifting funding priorities; and international dropout would fragment the HIV/AIDS network more than the general network.	5
It was not surprising that academic rank was the best predictor of magnitude in h-Index since ascent in academic rank is sensitive to years of experience and accomplishment.	5
As such, this study investigates the profile and impact of research in questionable journals by authors in Germany.	1
Here we consider a new role for the book review as a "megacitation," or quantitative quality-based measure for use in research evaluation procedures in fields across the humanities.	1
Besides answering all research questions, it is surprised to see usage and citation are synchronized in most cases, which means usage metrics might supplement the flaws of citation or even replace citation metrics someday.	5
When all indicators such as novelty, fast growth, and impact were comprehensively considered, the measured keywords that were considered to be of high value in the emerging technology in the field of plasma surface treatment.	4
For ease of understanding, Table 5 in Appendix 1 reports an example with the number of authors Am = 10.	0
To illustrate the collaborative networks, the Pajek v.3.0.2 visual representation program was used, applying the Kamada-Kawai algorithm.	3
In the next section we explore the question further by analyzing the extent of average shift when university rankings are given as quartile classes, rather than given as percentile listings.	0
This study has adopted co-citation analysis, factor analysis, cluster analysis, and social network analysis, which are bibliometrics analyses using quantitative measures to analyze the impact of research outputs.	3
Based on this rationale, we propose to generate a proxy gold standard based on paper's functional citation counts.	3
These policy journals exhibited three distinct bibliographic patterns toward other disciplines: Two (PS and PS-UK) were heterogeneous, often citing nonacademic reports (not counted in the data analysis here) along with a wide assortment of journals, especially multidisciplinary ones.	4
Table 5 clearly shows that pagerank and betweenness values affect the number of citations positively, whereas closeness has a negative effect.	4
Additional analyses identify which SciVal metrics (measured over a short time window) predict lifetime performance indicators.	1
We gratefully acknowledge the financial support of the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant Number 71673242).	0
Our work contributes to the areas of knowledge of bibliometrics and of sustainable research and education.	5
Competing interests: The author has declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Scientific output analysis of the current research productivity of physiotherapists will allow the construction of baseline indicators in this area of knowledge and professional practice.	1
Many other scholars continued to conduct various studies on the distribution law of journal level bibliometric indicators.	0
First, a random list of 500 MAS author IDs was randomly taken.	2
Her academic interests included, among others, the theory of science and sport, cognitive sciences and methodological bases of social sciences.	0
Keyword "COVID -19" OR "CoV-19" OR "2019-nCoV" OR "SARS-CoV-2") in the topic field was used to retrieve the data.	2
Co-publication network mapping and analysis were performed using the open source Gephi software ([16], http://gephi.org).	3
Medical articles in questionable journals received significantly fewer citations than similar articles in non-questionable journals.	4
Based on SJR scores, I added the three most prestigious non-FT50 entrepreneurship journals, International Small Business Journal, Journal of Small Business Management, and Small Business Economics, in order to compare them with the three FT50 journals.	2
It is quite far from the top cited papers, all the papers above the median have more citations.	0
This institutional variation allows us to evaluate whether there are persistent gender differences in language across different application formats and whether these text characteristics influence each institution’s ultimate funding decisions.	1
We find that the number of broader impacts proposed in the abstracts is significantly higher than the number of broader impacts reported in the PORs.	4
The aim of this study was to describe the role of Author Assist as a publication mentorship program by evaluating the publication work flow of the AfJEM.	1
Peer review time: the experimental results demonstrated that journals with short peer review time tend to obtain higher impact factors.	5
Since the main point of analysis was participation of women in research, it was necessary to determine gender of authors.	3
The coefficient of determination, r2 equals 17.47%, meaning that only 17.47% of the variance in publications is related to number of collaborative projects.	0
Among them, there were 3458 original articles which, consequently, mean that articles were the dominant document type comprising 92.07 per cent of the total literature production.	4
In this paper, we focus on research collaboration structure as a factor affecting funding success.	1
The document collection of 65 journals registered in the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-Expanded) and 69 journals published in the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) in the rehabilitation section of the JCR-2018 was thus obtained from the Web of Science (WoS) database..	2
In contrast, five natural properties lead us to a unique new index, the Euclidean index, that avoids several shortcomings of the h-index and its successors.	1
In addition, approximately one in five orthodontic studies were published in presumed predatory journals or in journals of uncertain legitimacy.	5
The dataset is dated May 2018, and it is current.	2
Our research asks to what extent research selected according to the NSF criteria already meets the Smith criteria.	5
Publications per year are increasing, and the percentage collaborative publications is driving this growth (Fig 1).	4
This yielded a total of 1512 individual authors used in the analysis, and a summary of authors contributing to the analysis is shown in figure 1.	2
In this network Mohammadi ranked first in degree centrality, being a central author means that this scientist has collaborated, as co-author with many colleagues [6].	5
The paper is organized in five sections: in Section 2, we discuss the background, then review the earlier literature, perform the recursive eigenvalue and eigenvector computation for an illustrative case already studied earlier, provide the mathematical proof for the interesting finding that IW is remarkably insensitive to self-citations, and conclude with a statement on the implications and impacts of the new findings.	1
We find no treatment effect at all for the highest ranked journals.	4
More compelling evidences for these 'Golden Eras' can also be seen from the ratios of actual over expected average numbers of citations per publication (G-S or G-T), which shows a strong peak in 2010 and 2012 respectively.	5
Our research also illustrates the importance of mundane and pragmatic concerns about infrastructure, organizational administration, and management, along with younger scholars' and students' professionalization in big social science research.	5
Misconduct accounts for 35% of the retractions (32/92).	4
Free-text responses were analysed in NVivo version R1.	3
We introduce two novel indicators of impact motivated by the z-score: age- and field-rescaled citation count R AF (c) and age- and field-rescaled PageRank R AF (p).	3
In this study, the evolution of Chinese scientific and technological production with respect to other Asian economies is explored using a combination of relative analyses and comparisons of national scientific profiles.	1
The collection of the data was carried out online from August to November 2016.	2
Sneaked references are registered as metadata for published scientific articles in which they do not appear.	1
We would like to thank Ludo Waltman and Ian Hutchins for their valuable feedback on an earlier version of our article.	0
After applying the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, we found significant differences between groups (p < 0.05), except for the percentages of only international and only national cooperation.	4
The extraction was done on 25th June 2014.	2
The authors have carefully considered all the constructive revision comments made by the Editor and the three reviewers.	0
Bibliometric mapping, on the other hand, is used to visualize research literature production with a variety of bibliometric maps that provide a structural overview of the publications.	3
Unseen benefits and lack of time are hindrances to using metrics for the evaluation of research outputs.	4
The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between the AAS and traditional bibliometrics across plastic surgery journals.	1
This paper selected 407 periodicals covering 23 subjects collected into the CSSCI from 2010 to 2011 as the data source, which can be mainly categorized into humanities and social sciences.	2
As extramural research funding has become increasingly difficult to acquire, one mission of the OREF is to support investigators to generate data needed to secure larger extramural funding from agencies such as the National Institutes of Health (NIH).	1
Despite the high biodiversity in the Neotropics, only 157 different species were studied during the last 68 years.	4
Using a list of integers, randomized by the atmospheric-noise-based tool on RANDOM.ORG, 75 random references were selected from each journal for a total of 375 references.	2
The dataset of Italian professors is extracted from a database maintained by the Ministry of Education, Universities and Research (http://cercauniversita.cineca.it/php5/docenti/cerca.php, accessed 23.06.14).	2
Markman for their helpful comments and suggestions on previous drafts of this article.	0
As a robustness check, we also tested models adding gender (33% = female) and race (22%=non-white) as control variables, but they did not impact the results.	0
The results suggest that Angolan HEIs have moderate awareness of OA but practical incorporation into academic processes has remained slow, however, this can be seen to be connected to the overall slow progress in ramping up research intensity in the country.	4
We first identify how semantically distal or proximal newly linked concepts are from one another in the space of accumulated concepts using word embedding techniques (35) (see Fig.	3
The authors note that the paper represents their own views and not necessarily those of the Czech National Bank.	0
We presented a new methodology to analyze the publication behavior of researchers.	5
This study indicates that NSF programme officers cannot rely on the statements of PIs themselves regarding whether or not their research proposals are 'potentially transformative'.	5
Our findings reveal that number of publications is strongly associated with the scientists' position in co-author/inventor networks and that a scientist's technological production actually increases with collaboration in such networks.	4
We surveyed articles that used qualitative methodologies and complete abstracts published in the printed edition of the British Medical Journal (BMJ) between January 1, 1997 and December 31, 2006.	2
Third, we contend that using websites as a social science data source requires a strong set of multidisciplinary skills.	5
In this article we have demonstrated that in two core Digital Humanities journals, CHum and LLC, single-authored papers predominate.	5
We will illustrate these mechanism with particular examples in section “Example: the University of Zaragoza (SPAIN)”.	0
The reasons for this are not clear, although it is noteworthy that many of the practice- oriented journals have better reputations than their impact factors might suggest.	0
These results are in this sense remarkable since these impact measures are very different in definition.	5
The major finding was that several of the factors are not fully realised by the institutional repositories despite their relative importance.	4
What can explain the variation within the disciplinary communities in expressing the sup-port of metrics in the evaluation of research productivity?	1
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
Yes, this is true, and it was also reflected by the statistical analyses performed by Koza and others (Koza et al., 2023).	0
The focus of this study was on master's theses and doctoral dissertations at the CPUT in the Department of Information Technology of the Faculty of Informatics and Design and was restricted to the citation of conference proceedings in these submissions.	1
The purpose of this paper was to assess ORCID availability in articles indexed in PubMed, MEDLINE (WoS Platform), and in the Web of Science Core Collection databases.	1
This determined that the 3.5 million regional downloads of the period corresponded to 2,093,371 different papers, ranging from one to 366 downloads each; so this allowed determining total downloads of each different document.	4
We downloaded the data sets from BKCI in January 2019.	2
The number of distinct datasets was approximately two-thirds of the number of labeled panels, and this ratio did not change substantially between 1984 and 2014 for either Cell or Nature.	4
Keywords Bibliometrics · Citation peak· Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy (RPYS) Historical roots Tribology	0
First, what were the prevailing methodological standards, referred to as professional de facto standards, in the field of research assessment practice during a certain period?	1
We have also shown that many undergraduate students complete their research ethics training unable to apply their knowledge of research ethics to their undergraduate research projects.	5
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
A certain title from the twenty-nine journals can be counted more than once in the above bullet list.	0
How to recognize more accurately the implicit emotional tendency in cita-tion context has become difficult in sentiment analysis of citation context.	1
Taking into account the word searches used in previous bibliometric studies on SLA (Chen, 2018; Dixon et al., 2012), the searched words used in this study were: TS=((,,second language” OR “foreign language”) AND (acquisition OR learn* OR teach* OR education)) AND Language: (English) AND Document Type: (Article).	2
In general, our study shows that Mendeley is the major and more useful source for altmetrics data.	5
Other emerging topics with rapid growth are computer networks, encryption, big data, distributed computing, and interaction of cloud computing with virtual machine research.	4
For both the Edutech and SciEng categories, we calculated the citing half-life for each year.	3
Drawing upon qualitative data on 12 national databases in Europe, we investigate the role that databases for research output play in research metrics and consequently in our understanding of research activities.	1
The quantity of articles published in international orthopedics journals from mainland China presented a remarkable upward trend during the past 12 years.	5
MEDCIDS-Department of Community Medicine, Information and Health Decision Sciences, Faculty of Medicine, University of Porto, Porto, Portugal	0
We measure the assessed quality of the impact case studies of a given submission by the grade point average (GPA) of the impact element by multiplying the proportion of research activity attributed to each quality category by the sub-panel with the respective weights given to each quality profile category: unclassified = 0, 1* = 1, 2* = 2, 3* = 3 and 4* = 4.	3
Our survey results show that there is recognition and use of existing Author ID and researcher networking profiles, as well as some professional use of online social media platforms among academic faculty across all disciplines.	5
The top 20 coinvesting agencies of the CTSA program based on the funding agency of scientific articles.	0
The present work explores the characteristics of global materials chemistry research published during 2008–2012 and indexed in Scopus database.	5
The most efficient NSC funding schemes are Etiuda, Preludium, and Harmonia.	4
The choice of a single case study is due to the nature of the investigation, which is largely explorative (revelatory case).	0
Keywords Research trend · Altmetrics · Springer · Realtime · Scientometrics · Download	0
TABLE 1: AVERAGE NUMBER OF VIEWS, CITATIONS, AND JIF OF ALL COLLABORATION TYPES	0
Though less frequent in number, the female Nano-scientists keep pace with men in their scientific productivity and recognition, signifying their capabilities and strengths in science competition.	5
All issues of 2018, 2019, and 2020 were electronically and hand searched for the following parameters: Number of papers, affiliated organizations, and countries, topics reported, and contribution of Indian authors.	2
Department of Sociology, New York University, 295 Lafayette Street, 4th Floor, New York, NY 10012-9605, USA	0
To further assess scientific productivity, we used the Relative Citation Ratio as a bibliometric measure appropriate for this multidisciplinary cohort and used by the NIH to measure publication productivity and impact.	3
Gifted Child Quarterly and Roeper Review accounted for almost 80% of the total publications in these journals, and therefore, can be considered the main journals in the database by the number of publications.	4
These substantial numbers of illegal DOIs are “easy to identify automatically, at scale, in the database”.	5
The proposed method combines the bibliometric and hermeneutical approaches to the assessment of text documents of a scientific and technical nature (the name of the latter originates from hermeneutics, which is the methodology of the analysis of text information sources based solely on their content, see dedicated papers [11–13]).	3
Other document types were excluded, i.e., announcements, book reviews, commentaries, conference reports, and letters to the editor.	0
The methodology comprised a bibliometric analysis of articles in the Web of Science for the years 1990 to 2013, and an online survey of 190 Ghanaian-affiliated corresponding authors of articles.	3
The top five ones are geochemistry geophysics, geosciences multidisciplinary, engineering geological, water resources and meteorology atmospheric sciences.	4
156 journals were analyzed, 17% had at least one social network.	2
The altmetrics is based on crowdsourcing while AJG ranks depend upon expert opinion, and the results indicate that the ML models have classified the AJG ranks with less accuracy than the quantitative outlets (JCR and SNIP) which reveals that the expert opinion is not aligned with the crowdsourcing.	5
The medians (interquartile ranges) of indexes at hiring, at promotions from assistant professors to associate professors, and from associate professors to full professors were 6.0 (1.5-9.5), 11.0 (9.0-18.0) and 17.0 (9.0-23.0) respectively.	4
Overall, the results of this research add to our understanding of the mechanisms that are behind the association between scientific mobility and network formation.	5
Furthermore, our name disambiguation algorithm, Names Similarity, performs better than other approaches, since it takes into account the criteria commonly followed when a full name is turned into a signature, that is, performance values obtained after applying Names Similarity do not decrease when some of the names have been abbreviated, using the first letter, or are incomplete.	5
The present bibliometric review of research intends to document and synthesize research trends in the domain of sustainable competitiveness over the past decade.	1
Negative associations were found for the PDR and measures of cynicism, moral disengagement, and compliance disengagement, while positive associations were found for the PDR and RCR knowledge and positive urgency, an impulsivity subscale.	4
Results show that production with “normal” durability is the most rewarded both according to bibliometric indicators and qualitative assessments given by experts.	4
A total of 91 programs were identified across the United States and Canada.	2
Specifically, this study illustrated a crucial role played by structural variation metrics in measuring and explaining the potential scholarly impact of a researcher.	5
History is the area presenting the highest level (93.7 %), followed by Medicine (82.5 %) and Sociology (75.6 %).	4
We find that the most cited items did not deal with the most frequently used keywords in the discipline.	4
Distribution of Types of Web Resources Cited – Selected Social Sciences Journal Literature	0
The objectives of this study are to address the following research questions: What type of user accounts are influential in the altmetrics Twitter network?	1
For the complete data set, the coefficients are all below 1, which means that, in each field and for each indicator, research funding yields decreasing marginal returns.	4
A total number of 12,866 proceedings published between 2007 and 2016 were extracted, and the titles of these papers form the basis of this study.	2
The core components of hypergraphs-nodes, ties, hyperedges, hyperties, and local neighborhoods-give rise to structural characteristics at multiple levels (e.g., node, hyperedge, hypergraph levels) (Sullivan, Zhu, Lungeanu, & Contractor, 2012).	0
In addition to Google Scholar citation count and university of present (or past) employment for each faculty member, we collected information on the PhD date, the institution from which the PhD was awarded, and the primary field of interest.	3
Using the identity of the recipients, I was then able to collect information on two outcome variables: time to completion and job market outcome.	2
Nations were classified by income according to the World Bank's 2022 system.	2
The paper takes a European comparative approach and contrasts Poland with 10 Western European countries (using 17,211 returned questionnaires).	2
This article has been accepted for inclusion in a future issue of this journal.	0
The normalised position was calculated by dividing the rank of a journal in a given year and WoS category by the number of journals in this category, subtracting this result from 1 (Bordons and Barrigón 1992).	3
For example, the fractional g-index was found to be more suited for AMS as it outperformed other metrics in all types of ranked lists for this society, while the gf and gm index were found to be better suited for IMU, hf index and fractional h-index for LMS, and gf index for NASL society.	5
The data is collected based on defining some boundaries which are journal-centric criteria in this study.	2
This indicates that the OR/MS field has the interdisciplinary nature, and scholars in Mainland China have been studying the OR/MS problems from a variety of perspectives.	5
Students' un(der)developed professional identity and epistemic development, organizational dynamics, and the inherent power differential between faculty and students are impacting authorship decision-making in undergraduate research experiences.	5
Our renormalized metrics aim to remove the incentive for researchers to prioritize quantity or resort to unethical practices to boost their metrics.	1
In relation to the thematic evolution, nine thematic areas have been identified over these three subperiods: Middle-Aged People, Muscle Function Alterations and Recovery, Health Education, Gait and Equilibrium, Central Nervous System, Diagnosis, Low Back Pain, Heart Rate and Exercise, and Animal.	4
The Capes evaluation led us to build two additional groups of variable: one for program quality (low quality, intermediate quality and high quality), built on Capes 7-tier system of program evaluation, in which those programs below 3 were considered low-quality, 4–5 were considered intermediate and 6–7 were considered high quality; and one to distinguish the types of journals published (papers, with all publications, and top journals, that consider only those in journals better evaluated and with higher impact factor), based on the A, B, C rank of publication evaluation.	3
Drug and Alcohol Dependence proved the most productive journal, providing 25,335 cited references, almost double the number from the Journal of Substance Abuse Treatment, which supplied 14,747 cited references (Table 2).	4
To determine the publications in both the fields, i.e.	2
Appropriate statistics such as cross-tabulations and regression models were used to identify factors associated with Jordanian researchers' knowledge about predatory journals.	3
The Canadian school has also shown very positive results being the third most influential country.	5
(2) The total citations also tend to be similar: this can be interpreted as meaning that establishments in a community have similar ability in terms of the quality of innovation.	5
The final sample consists of Nobel laureates' data from 1929 to 2008 in Physics, Chemistry and Medicine.	2
As part of the Harbnger-2 project, this study aimed to discover the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on junior researchers' work-life, career prospects, research and publishing practices and networking.	1
On this note, I propose dominance index (DI) and dominance co-efficiency (DC) of a scientist or an author.	1
Several different parameters such as output pattern, collaboration trend, citation pattern, contributing countries and organizations, highly cited papers, etc.	3
The argument launched in this article aims to show that the reforms are based primarily on neoliberal foundations and to expose the linguistic dominance of the English language in neoliberal settings.	1
This paper addresses gender differences in international research collaboration measured through international co-authorship.	1
We present scaling results for longitudinal analysis, which tracks how collaborations evolve as individual institutions grow.	3
78; NSB, 2020, Table S5A-32), indicating intensified networking in the global system.	4
In other words, w' is expected to scale linearly with T, with the constant of proportionality directly related to the Lotka exponent.	4
In this study, we aim to map the trends of research on rTMS for depression during period of 1993–2017, which would guide scholars to realize the panorama of rTMS for depression-related research, and define the future research direction.	1
Further, we examined the years 1995 to 2018, since data for these years were available.	2
The paper presents a graphical visualization of the bibliographic data with bibliographic coupling and co-citation analysis using the visualization tools of similarity viewer software as well.	3
Where Y denotes research impact and measured by three indicators ESI, CITES1, and CITES2; Xe represents explanatory variables IC and WC; Xc denotes control variables; e is the error term; M denotes citation scopes as the mediator variables; and α, β, and y denote the parameters to be estimated.	0
As a case study, we measured the gender gap in the scientific field of the Transregional Research Centre 89 Invasive Computing (CRC/ Transregio 89), which investigates a novel paradigm for the design and programming of future parallel computing systems and covers research from diverse domains of computer science and electrical engineering, such as computer engineering, operating systems, programming languages, security, robotics, and high-performance computing.	1
We find a clear performance gap between network-based metrics (p, R(p), T) and local metrics based only on the number of received citations (c, R(c)).	5
We thank Chao Lu and Sanchari Das for their helpful suggestions and our four anonymous reviewers for their insightful comments.	0
We analyze the distributions using the Characteristic Scores and Scale (CSS) technique, developed by Schubert et al., (1987), and already applied to bibliometric studies (Bornmann & Gl?nzel, 2017 in press Gl?nzel & Schubert, 1988; Gl?nzel, 2011; Ruiz-Castillo & Costas, 2014).	3
In Finland, peer-reviewed and not-peer-reviewed publications are comprehensively covered in the national VIRTA publication information service, which integrates the publication metadata from the local CRISs of 13 Finnish universities (P?l?nen, 2018).	2
Scopus implements a more fine-grained discipline category, which contains 27 first-level disciplines.	2
We developed mathematical models to describe viral replication, spread and host immune response in wild-type and immunocompromised mice.	1
Average annual publication (AAP) and career length (CL): the author's career length refers to the interval between the year of the first publication and the year of the last, and the author's annual publication (AAP) is the average number of publications per year over the course of his or her career:	3
The study employed descriptive, predictive, and diagnostic analytics, with tools such as 4-quadrant radar plots, univariate regressions, and country-based collaborative maps via the follower-leading cluster algorithm.	3
Accordingly, the diversity scores and number of articles were not statistically significant correlated (r=0.32; p=0.83).	0
Thematic analysis of the interviewees' responses identified six major themes: initial exposure and effect; searching; accessing; handling; using; and evaluation.	4
2, and the knowledge network of CS was divided into 9 cores as shown in Fig.	4
The aim of this study is to explore work experiences and knowledge transfer among Korean academics in the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM).	1
The perimeter includes programs funding research through open calls for proposals – excluding national collaboration schemes only allocating means for travel and coordination purposes, as well as direct cooperation between large research organizations.	2
When it comes to -index, the average loss of citations is reduced to 167.82.	4
Finally, which top-tier publication outlets are most favoured by Australian academic economists?	1
In doing so I draw on Amartya Sen's (1993) conception of ‘positional objectivity' to demonstrate how perceptions of STEMM collaboration depend on an individual's experiences, interests, and assumptions regarding the economic and scientific opportunities that China presents, China's human rights situation, and the People's Liberation Army's (PLA) military threat to Australia.	3
The publications focused on marine mammals by South American countries are related with funds devoted to the science and richness of species in each country.	5
Our data lend more support to the revised view of popularization insofar as there are significant feedback effects to the scholarly debate from the popularization journal in question.	5
There was no relationship between the geographic regions of handling editors and the decisions to send papers for review or invite revision, but there was substantial variation among author geographic locations; generally papers from first authors located in Oceania, the United States, and the United Kingdom fared better, and papers from first authors located in Africa, Asia, and Latin America fared worst.	4
Firstly, it is observed that only about 28% papers are female 1st authored papers in the total data.	5
We collected raw data from the official NSFC and UKRI websites using Python web crawler technology on 29 July 2019.	2
China (n=90, 16.76%), Japan (n=79, 14.71%), Italy (n=59, 10.99%), the United States (n=52, 9.68%) and South Korea (n=45, 8.38%) are the five most productive countries.	4
Over the course of the year, 40 potential candidates applied for the position.	2
Mixed conclusions can be drawn from this case study.	5
The sample of this study was drawn from SKLs in Chinese universities, which are a group of top-level research institutions in China and have attracted a considerable number of TYTS scientists.	2
International collaborative publications were more prevalent in recent years, and were more powerful due to the sharing of ideas and workloads.	4
Many institutions from the public and private sector are interested in the characterization of the research taking place in waste recycling (WR) science.	1
Based on the faculty profile pages, CVs listed on University websites, Google Scholar, and general web searches, the senior author counted publications for all marketing faculty (N=475) listed as tenured or tenure track at these 30 schools in March-April 2017 and whose primary appointment seemed to be in marketing (see Table S1 for the names of the 475 faculty in the Supplementary Materials available as a Web Appendix).	2
Confidence intervals can be calculated using the Student t formula on the transformed data, also following standard practice.	0
In addition, it is further scrutinized that most of the award winners lie in a top position belonging to IMS, LMS, and AMS society return by fractional g-index, gf index, and gm index, which indicates that there is some relationship between these societies and metrics.	4
(2) Is it feasible to show the main features of the movement of the knowledge included in an original scientific work during its evolution towards possible industrial application?	1
A new scientometric indicator was used to compare the scientific production quality of researchers and their classification (as part of a research community) as the classification of national and international research institutions.	4
To make it clear and easy to follow, we present the results as answers to the lists of questions presented in Table 1.	0
TC2012 ≥ 100 was used as a filter to extract highly cited documents (593 documents).	2
In this ranking, the publications of a scholar are credited to the institution they are currently at, rather than where they were on the publication date.	3
The purpose of this study is to define a group of NIH-funded pediatric surgeons, assess their academic productivity, and elucidate factors that have contributed to their success.	1
This table provides articles that illustrate different combinations of high and low ROAR scores and citation counts.	0
Furthermore, we like to thank the Editor and the reviewers for their valuable comments on the first version of this paper.	0
We used a quantitative approach to analyze the content of the two citation services, WoS and GS.	3
Industry teams have persistent patterns of lowest team power level and team power hierarchy regardless of team size and time period, while combined teams have the highest team power level and team power hierarchy.	4
Could research evaluations based on peer review predict a units’ future performance as measured by bibliometric indicators?	1
The search keywords (“surface treatment” OR “surface modification") AND "plasma" were used, and the total number of documents found was 7728.	2
It was found that their average CPU was $26.22 and average CPCR was $225.18, confirming the author's suspicions that these two metrics would not be directly comparable.	4
All interviews were conducted on Zoom by one of the five senior investigators in the project and each interview was based on a semi-structured interview protocol ("Appendix").	3
To conclude, the recent REF results suggest a doubling in the “world leading” quality of UK life sciences.	5
The co-authorship network for the fourth time slice, generated from 450 publications.	0
This is available through the (ISI) Web of Knowledge platform and contains information on multidisciplinary research in journals whose impact factor is calculated.	2
The color palettes of the Montenegrin sub-domain is much less similar to the colors of the Yugoslav national flag, compared to the similarity of the majority of Serbian sub-domains.	4
In summary, our paper contributes to the assessment of the impact of scientific work via social media indicators.	5
This article overcomes some past access challenges and explores peer review normativities operating in the new discipline of Engineering Education.	1
The prevalence of the FUND category is not surprising as WoS stores only acknowledgements containing funding information.	5
The openness indicators of variety (based on cited journals and cited first authors) were found to be made up of strongly connected nodes in a separate cluster; the idea density indicators (those based on abstracts or titles of scientific work) also formed a separate cluster.	4
According to this bibliometric study, research of biomarkers in CHD field had increased interest in these years and we also highlighted the global research trends, research subjects, and collaboration network between countries.	5
The views expressed in the article are the sole responsibility of the authors and in no way represent the view of the European Commission and its services.	0
We identified 1243 antibacterial resistance research projects, with a total public investment of €1·3 billion across 19 countries and at EU level, including public investment in the Innovative Medicines Initiative.	4
Name, surname, status, and laboratory of the 1,047 researchers were provided by University of Caen Normandy.	2
I begin with a review of the existing literature regarding the focus of peer reviewers in their assessments, and the effect peer review has on the content of manuscripts.	0
In contrast, the increase in international collaboration behavior is greater for scientists who become or remain top than it is for their peers.	4
For 2000–2015, the number of publications from China in the Scopus database increased 8.5 times.	4
The objective of this study was to identify and to examine the characteristics of top 100 cited articles in the field of Medical Informatics based on data acquired from the Thomson Reuters' Web of Science (WOS) in October, 2016.	1
The research study was conducted on 5 August 2016, using the Scopus database (Elsevier, The Netherlands) with the search string: ‘Journal of Advanced Nursing' in the Source title field for the period 1976 - 2015 (inclusive).	2
If respiratory disease research were to be funded on the same scale as cancer, relative to its disease burden, funding would need to be quadrupled.	5
Co-occurrence analysis revealed three clusters addressing “utilizing lipid panels as indicators of insulin resistance,”“analyzing the impact of diet composition and physical activity on insulin sensitivity among obese individuals," and "exploring insulin resistance in cases of polycystic ovary syndrome."	4
The primary aim of this multi-institutional study is to set out to explore how and to what degree HEIs in Angola have come to interact with the concept of OA to journal publications through their policies and practices.	1
It is concluded that the bibliometric approach is promising provided that its outcomes are interpreted with care, based on insight into the limits and potentialities of the approach, and combined with complementary data, obtained, for instance, from researchers' Curricula Vitae o, survey or questionnaire- based data.	5
This paper tries to advance the debate on scholarly publishing and the impact of bibliometric indices on the evaluation of research and its authors.	5
This study aims to address the issues of awareness, knowledge and attitude of lecturers towards institutional repositories in university libraries in Nigeria.	1
Example of a co-authorship (GP), publication citation (GC), and author citation (G) graph.	0
On the methodological front, we also wish to explore and test the feasibility of various filtering procedures to effectively simplify enormous co-word networks.	1
Considering the challenges involved in policy change, this article explores to what extent current performance indicators (JIF) already capture the impact of clinical guideline contributions by investigating whether and to what extent the journal impact factor of a reference is relevant in guideline development.	1
Overall, we found that stylistic cues have become increasingly common, but catchy titles should be used with caution as they can be beneficial or detrimental to citations depending on the prestige of the journal in which an article is published.	5
A zero-inflated negative binomial (ZINB) regression was used to assess the relationship of Cited by Clin. with characteristics of papers, authors, and institutions.	3
In this paper, we investigate the phenomenon across countries, analysing preprint depositions in main repositories.	1
To assess whether the research constituents (institutions contributing to POM) have changed over time, we examine the research contributions of institutions across two time periods, 1992-2002 and 2003-2012, together making up the years POM has been published.	1
In conclusion, note that the graphosemantic models presented perform several very important functions: geo-ecological (obtaining new knowledge about a subject area), prognostic (predicting promising developments), and axiological (assessing studies conducted and their topicality).	5
The key question addressed in the earlier as well as the current paper is: How does the geographical orientation and citation impact of nationally oriented journals entering Scopus in early years develop over time?	1
2010 ASIS&T Published online 13 October 2010 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
In random samples of five issues per year across 10 years (2004–2013; N = 1,094), 34% of first authors in Journal of Personality and Social Psychology were women and 44% of first authors in Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin were women.	2
Thanks goes to Mark Sanderson & Hideo Joho at the University of Sheffield for aiding our access to the collection.	0
By contrast, the concept of “Zipf's law” received the most attention from bibliometrics research and was used mainly for comparisons with other informetrics laws or research results.	4
In Table 4 we report results of analyses for which we used different moving windows to investigate how many citations a particular publication has acquired (one-, three-, and five-year windows).	0
Although plagued by many controversies, the current practice of using short-term bibliometrics to gauge scientific achievements is hard to change.	1
Academic metrics were collected for each faculty member from the SCOPUS online database, which was accessed at http://scopus.com.proxy.medlib.iupui.edu.	2
All of these papers were published in 2020.	2
Table 1 Characterisation of the African studies journal sample (core + JCAS)	0
The data set was obtained from the Current Research Information System (SICRIS), which includes information on all current and former researchers registered at the Slovenian Research Agency (henceforth labeled by ARRS) and at the Cooperative On-Line Bibliographic System & Services (COBISS), which is the officially maintained database of all publications available in Slovenian libraries.	2
The author is grateful to Craig Fraser and the Canadian Society for History and Philosophy of Mathematics for an invitation to present an earlier version of this paper at the 2002 annual meeting in Toronto.	0
(1) Popularity: we only consider those benchmarks with at least 15 entries.	2
The plot shows that the context similarity undergoes a positive variation over the years after publication, which indicates that the main topics in these articles, identified by the first two PACS, are getting closer.	4
The average contribution of women authors was found to be 36%, which is a considerable contribution compared to the strength (16%) of women scientists.	4
In total, we downloaded data for 332 manuscript submissions that were selected for external review, including the number of reviewer invitations that were sent to secure sufficient peer reviews (2–3, depending on the nature of the article).	2
The time period chosen was 2008-2015 because it marked a certain stability in NST scientific output (Mu?oz-écija, Vargas-Quesada, & Chinchilla-Rodríguez, 2017).	2
Statistical analysis was performed using the Mann-Whitney U test for continuous data and the Pearson chi-square test for categorical data.	3
The comparison is based on interviews with 29 scholars who have experience with identifying talent both in their daily academic work and in the process of grant allocation.	2
To identify these discussions on misconduct, we conducted a systematic search of management articles which comprised of topics such as questionable research practices, research integrity, and research misconduct.	2
Specifically, the analysis accounts for the EBs of 39 communication journals listed in the JCR in quartile one (Q1) and quartile two (Q2) in 2015.	2
There was a total of 24 and of these, we were able to interview 18.	2
Table 3 shows that government expenditure in higher education, private sector ICT investment, and the years a researcher is active in the field significantly influence the h-index of a researcher.	4
Bold means positive correlation (r≥0.7) and italic means negative correlation (r ≤?0.7)	0
PoP draws on the Google Scholar database and systematically produces an H-Index for that individual faculty member.	3
This article compares the precision of these statistics using 97 trillion experimentally simulated citation counts from 6875 sets of different parameters (although all having the same scale parameter) based upon the discretised lognormal distribution with limits from 1000 repetitions for each parameter set.	1
For these reasons, this paper suggests that the Singh-Maddala and Dagum models are more useful for empirical modeling of the distribution of journal impact factors than the two-exponent law.	5
Department of Psychology Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, University of Zagreb, Ivana Lu?i?a 3, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia	0
Coding was carried out collaboratively by two of authors of the article in a bottom-up process informed by grounded theory (Corbin, Strauss and Strauss 2008).	3
I express my gratitude to Karen Shashok for editing the language and for comments that greatly improved the manuscript.	0
The interviews were semi-structured to allow for deviations from the originally planned questions.	0
Statistical analysis of the collected data was performed using SPSS version 21 (IBM Corp.).	3
This finding emphasizes the significance of carefully selecting appropriate metrics for evaluating author productivity and significance, as different metrics may yield varying results.	5
This study also found that a third of the publications have never been cited.	5
This study aimed to monitor the status of scientific research in Japan, especially the diversity of scientific research, based on in-depth analyses of science maps.	1
The scholarly influence of new research issues is indirectly assessed with a citation analysis of articles matching each trending term.	1
The Data for Research service of the JSTOR journal database is a large and high-quality sample of citations, weighted towards humanities and social sciences.	2
After accounting for first major independent awards, K awards were uncorrelated with receiving second major independent research awards.	4
The NCI is calculated using data from the Web of Knowledge databases and by comparing outcomes to a mean or expected citation rate.	3
Data sharing is not applicable to this article as no new data were created or analysed in this study.	0
A review of the literature related to journal citation network analysis is presented in section “Journal citation network analysis".	0
Over the studied period, predatory journals have rapidly increased their publication volumes from 53,000 in 2010 to an estimated 420,000 articles in 2014, published by around 8,000 active journals.	4
Low correlation between the number of citations and tweets per document indicates that tweets and citations are far from measuring the same impact and suggest that Twitter-based indicators reflect another kind of impact not comparable to traditional citation indicators.	5
This was followed by a more granular view of HTML metadata at various page levels within each journal's site, including homepages, tables of content and current issue pages, abstract and full-text article launch pages, or other information-rich levels within the site.	3
The average number of authors per article in the Can.	4
In this paper, we study the influence of path dependencies on the development of an emerging technology in a transitional economy.	1
The British Food Journal (38 times) and Agribusiness itself (29 times) are the most frequent, followed closely by Food Policy and the Journal of Agricultural Economics (20 times each) and then by the International Food and Agribusiness Management Review (18 times).	4
IRI was implemented, consisting of multiple interventions, to rapidly produce an increase in DSA through resident/medical student faculty engagement.	3
The number of book reviews indexed in WoS fluctuated between 60,000 and 80,000 per annum between the publication years 2000 and 2011 (see Fig.	4
We analyzed articles published in journals or books by researchers at SRC VB “Vector” and IPGG, together with the references cited in these articles.	2
(For interpretation of the references to color in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.)	0
For example, some historical figures have been important during their lifetimes but long since forgotten by most (e.g., the later Roman emperors) while others' reputations and influence have endured (e.g., George Washington).	0
Titles analyzed for this study include those assigned to departments whose disciplines are well represented in the Web of Knowledge database (WoK), available from Thomson Reuters.	2
This paper presents research into the knowledge of scholarly publishing ethics among Malaysian early-career researchers (ECRs).	1
The study employed a descriptive-qualitative approach to explore how the IRs are operated in three selected universities in Indonesia.	3
Between November 2020 and April 2021, we analyzed every article listed in Drake Law School affiliated HeinOnline Author Profiles.	2
The panoply of publications revealed that patterns, driving factors, effects, networks, asymmetries, and policies concerning IRC were the main themes researched.	4
Government information was identified from national governments, inter-governmental organizations and state and regional governments.	4
Heroic Acts: We only counted the retraction as being heroic when the notice made it clear that the authors discovered the problems about their papers on their own and initiated the retraction.	3
This article aims at answering the following research questions:	1
The scope of this study is limited to STEM journals and new-coming lists of STEM journals that attempt to redefine quality through policy initiatives.	1
This paper provides insights on the main internationally debated research areas in the energy field.	5
SCImago Journal Rankings (SJR) were found for each journal.	3
To support our university's mission, share faculty research and raise the University's profile.	5
The purpose of this paper is firstly, to determine the progress made in Open Access policies made by the best-ranked universities regarding ARWU.	1
Aun cuando de 1323 artículos, 683 (51.62 %) no recibieron citas, 11 artículos de excelencia (0.83 %) lograron 24 % de 11 932 citas y, consecuentemente, el impacto normalizado del INCan evidenció una productividad media por arriba de la media mundial.	4
In addition to normalised citation score (NCS), we used two additional measures of citation advantage: whether an article was cited at all; and whether an article is among the most frequently cited percentile of articles within its respective subject area (pptopX %).	3
This paper complements previous studies on retractions in the natural sciences by focusing on management, business and economics, and by providing data on evolving practices and ideas at these journals regarding misconduct and marginality in received submissions.	5
We separated the words presented in the article titles and abstracts in tokens to analyze the articles' research topics.	3
Based on the 2,046 published retraction notes, 91% of the retractions were accompanied by retraction notes stating reasons, together with some technical information associated with them, or showing evidence of plagiarism, ethical violations, and the like.	4
In this study, the concatenate strategy is used to integrate information of text vectors, writing styles and metadata.	3
The bigger green squares represented countries of USA, Japan, England, Germany, Canada and Australia respectively in Fig.	0
The objective of this paper is to examine the degree to which country-level human development (HDI) and gender inequality indicators (GII) can reveal potential 'systemic inequalities' related to the contribution of women to scholarly communication.	1
The ranking of number of citations was very closely correlated to the total number of articles published in these select journals with an R2 of 0.966 (see Figure, Supplemental Digital Content 2).	4
Three standard modes of bibliometric analysis are employed, based on data from Web of Science: journal output volume, author characteristics, and citation analysis.	3
Although China still falls behind, it has made considerable progress in the orthopedics research, not only in quantity but also quality.	5
At a recent two-day conference devoted to this topic 43 scientists agreed to the following definition [16]:	0
The main objective of this paper is a comprehensive ablation study that investigates the appropriateness of the CSRankings ranking formula for computer science doctoral programs.	1
1 by the number of published articles per researcher, Pus as shown below: hmod = BPus1/3Cm2/3	3
We have gathered a collection of related research from a variety of disciplines, as well as identified key research gaps and future directions.	5
This paper presents a bibliometric analysis of Symmetry from 2009 to 2019 based on WoS.	1
Forty journals (61%) did not report any indexing and database coverage.	4
A temporal analysis of JOM highly cited documents based on one and a half decades duration sub- period during its past 45 years journey indicates that the number of articles published during each sub- period is 3 (1975–1989), 32 (1990–2004), and 15 (2005-2019), respectively.	4
In this study, topical scientific community (TSC) is defined as the research progress on a specific topic, and a group of researchers that intensively collaborate with each other to address research questions on this topic.	1
The final model explained 51% of the variance in h-Index scores (R2 = .51).	4
In this study, we propose a game-theory-based model for a co-authorship writing project in which authors are allowed to raise an ultimatum, blocking the publishment of the manuscript if they do not get more credit for the work.	1
The TF was then multiplied by the Inverse Document Frequency (IDF) to get a TF-IDF vector for each journal (Manning et al., 2008).	3
At the same time, our results suggest that division of labor may make scientific findings more vulnerable to pathologies, whether mistakes or deliberate malfeasance.	5
Our results with two-way fixed effects panel regression models corroborate a mutual-influence relationship between publication volume and economic development (14, 52, 53) (t704=2.7, P=0.01, effect size=0.04, 95% CI=[0.01,0.07]) (see Table 1) and (t705=6.8, P<0.001, effect size=0.29, 95% CI=[0.21,0.38]) (see Supplementary Table 4).	4
To conduct a bibliometric network analysis to explore the research landscape of immediate implant placement (IIP) and provide insights into its trends and contributors.	1
By means of rating scales, inventors were asked to rate the importance of the cited documents.	3
Over a three-year period, six undergraduate research pro- grams—four of these programs were for engineering students, and two were for chemistry and biochemistry majors— participated in the study.	2
LDA is an unsupervised machine-learning algorithm that does not require any prior knowledge of the topics and has only the number of topics as input parameter together with the corpus.	3
A gap analysis was conducted to identify the importance and actual performance of the factors.	3
Therefore, it can be stated that the citation of original articles forms the backbone of the impact factor of the Netherlands Heart Journal in 2013.	5
The publications dataset is a list of scholarly publications (journal articles, book, and book chapters) credited to the institute in CRIStin.	2
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, 2017	0
The data for obtaining this affinity is updated on the Scopus approximately once every 3 months.	0
Data files for all analyses are provided in Excel format in Online Supplementary Tables 1 and 2.	0
While this paper will not answer these questions—the topic model does not provide sufficient evidence to do so—it is worth considering indications from the LIS literature and examining how they interact with the model.	0
The search was last time updated on 24 May 2020 where it returned 5,907 items on SARS, 1,752 items on MERS and 11,859 items on Covid-19.	2
To identify the important research topics in e-health, authority and hub scores were calculated for each topic.	3
It was Price who in 1963 reported that there is a growing trend towards team work in research and multiauthorship since the begining of the 20th ceuntry.1	0
This suggests that SENIC has met its objective to strengthen and accelerate the discovery in nanoscience and nanoengineering across the southeastern USA.	5
Based on publication frequency, most journals are published quarterly (71.7%, 258), followed by biannually (20.6%, 74), and bimonthly (5.8%, 21).	4
The result of the ANOVA test presented the statistically significant differences in citation counts among subject areas, F (8, 1978) = 6.724, P < .001.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 64(3):455-463, 2013	0
The findings suggest that the group of Cuban researchers in biotechnology achieved a high citation-based performance within the analyzed period.	4
From Table 3, 5, and 7 values of the Spearman Correlation Coefficient indicate that ranking computed by comprehensive similarity measure was close to the User Study based ranking.	4
Have there been any incidences of text borrowing in Nobel laureates' journal publications?	1
The query strategy was developed in a bootstrapping approach, i.e.	3
Another aspect to highlight is the pronounced co-dependence between some authors who have signed most or a great proportion of their articles together.	4
Fifteen graduate trainees from six institutions comprised the cohort of trainees on the project and participated in the team science course offered in Fall 2021.	2
Evaluation of data, statistical analysis and construction of citation maps was managed by a bibliometric tool Bibexcel (Persson 2010), software for statistical computing and graphics R (R Development Core Team 2012) and program for network analysis Pajek (Batagelj and Mrvar</PERSON> 2012).	3
The graphs show very clearly not only the negative effect of quantile on average impact (the curves are almost always below the null value of the ordinate) but the growth of the effect, which is still more pronounced at the highest quantiles, i.e.	4
Drawing on a dataset of 7650 unique retraction notices published before 2020 and indexed in the Web of Science Core Collection, this study identified 457 retraction notices that held four types of non-author entities accountable.	2
To provide a comprehensive answer to this question, this study assesses all major scientific discoveries—all Nobel Prize and major non-Nobel Prize discoveries—and the scientific methods used to make them.	1
Theoretically these two types of articles are independent, in the sense that suffering delayed recognition depends on the number and time distribution of received citations, while being an under-cited influential article depends only partially on the number of received (first generation) citations, and much more on second and third citation generations.	3
Downloaded by [University of North Carolina] at 08:22 10 November 2014	0
To ascertain to what extent rankings based on JIF and peer review overlap, JIFs – as published by the Clarivate Analytics for 2017 were attributed to the journals that are listed in the ‘law’ category of the Finnish ranking of journals.	3
This paper was written as a part of the project “Social norms, cooperation and conflict in scientific collaborations” (CONCISE).	0
The Science Metrix journal classification ontology was used to assign each paper to a single and mutually exclusive scientific domain (Archambault; Beauchesne; Caruso, 2015).	3
2, Clusters 5, 7 and 9 with high centrality and high density, are located in quadrant I.	4
We use bootstrap procedures to calculate confidence intervals for the IRR estimates and to calculate confidence intervals for the difference between the IRRs for internal and external applicants.	3
In order to facilitate analysis, a custom result set consisting solely of these AOML affiliated articles was created in Scopus.	3
parahaemolyticus and a limited outbreaks attributed to emerging strains.	4
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
The research articles in the sample were published in 89 individual scientific journals.	2
Acknowledgments The author is indebted to Wolfgang Gl?nzel, Henry Small, Ronald Rousseau, Pierre-André Zitt for helpful discussion and suggestions.	0
* Corresponding author at: School of Software, Nanjing University of Information Science and Technology, Nanjing, 210044, China.	0
Women had lower odds of having a publication (OR: 0.53, 95% CI: 0.33- 0.85) and on average had fewer first-author publications than men (IRR: 0.57, 95% CI: 0.37-0.89).	4
These results provide evidence that group heterogeneity moderates the effects of group size, and they suggest that desirable diversity in groups may be better leveraged in smaller, more collective units.	5
Machine learning prediction technique, regression, is used to find the best set of parameters suitable for h-index prediction for the scientists from all career ages, without enforcing any constraint on their current h-index values with R2 as a metric to measure the accuracy.	3
***, ** and * indicate, respectively, statistical significance at the 1%, 5% and 10% levels.	0
This represents a baseline for the ABC-Meta task, but also a distinct problem with its own challenges.	0
The R packages used in these calculations and visualizations mainly contained “bibliometrix” (Aria and Cuccurullo 2017), "stringr", "car”, and “ggpubr”.	0
Publisher's Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
In order to carry out the analysis, Web of Science (WoS) and Scopus databases were used to retrieve the documents indexed in the three classics journals that compose the Physical Therapy core scientific publications in Rehabilitation category: Physiotherapy, Physical Therapy Journal, and Australian Journal of Physiotherapy/Journal of Physiotherapy.	2
Note that a country's ratio is not provided when that country was not in that year's top-10.	0
The articles were ranked in a descending order according to the number of citations, and when more than one article had the same number of citations, the article published recently was ranked higher.	3
We consider all publications from 1974 to 2017 in a set of 48 prominent journals and all citations to those publications listed in Web of Science.	2
The displayed values are derived from actual citation counts (Table 1) and not from the model.	0
Note that this time we use a semi-log (linear-log) data representation, and for this reason Figure 2 is not a typical Zipfian plot.	0
Following the most recent attempt to observe scholarship rankings in the field (see Bolkan et al.	2
In this study, detailed analysis of the mythology field was carried out by social network analysis method beyond bibliometric data.	5
In addition, to identify the pairwise relative importance of metadata elements among the researcher participation levels, the study analyzed the metadata elements that exhibited significant differences in the researcher participation levels using either the Bonferroni tests of post hoc pairwise comparisons, or a binary logistic regression analysis.	3
This work analyzes the referencing patterns, from 1972 to 2013, in papers belonging to eight leading and long-standing engineering journals.	5
This study found that in the field of oncology, 58% of journal articles published in 2014 could be freely accessed online in 2016.	5
Journals included in this analysis in alphabetical order within category—including ISSN and country of publication.	0
Based on our lessons learned, we frame our efforts around the ACTION principles in promoting PID systems and apply them to the specific case of ORCID promotion within a national project.	5
The study also performed content-review of 869 available abstracts for records of incidence of human cases, mortality, culprit Vibrio species, strains and biotypes.	3
This article analyses the degree of internationalization and patterns of cooperation between authors of Spanish communication journals.	1
Using data from a global online survey of university researchers (n=302), a Best-Worst Scaling approach was used to elicit researchers' priorities in different scenarios of responsibilities.	3
The data are composed of 20 issues including 4 supplement issues, which included 192 articles in total.	2
Therefore, considering a rich set of indicators sensitive to local properties at the national level seems to be a necessity, particularly for developing countries who are under-represented in the top 500–700 lists of most global rankings.	5
Overall, considering all the drawbacks and light of Altmetric.com scores presented in this paper, it seems supportive that Altmetric.com scores are not ready for application in impact evaluation at present, but altmetric indicators may be used to complete impact metrics and point to research that receives other types of attention or impact, highlighting that research deserves notice for scholars (Galligan & Dyas-Correia, 2013).	5
2 The map of worldwide research output in the field of nuclear medicine	0
The results showed that there were totally 38845 articles published in the field of Legal Medicine.	4
The data visualized in Figure 7 provide an analytical snapshot of institutional research output in the domain of CO2 supercritical essential oil extraction.	4
Citation counts from Web of Science (WoS) and Scopus were retrieved from our in-house databases developed and maintained by the Max Planck Digital Library (MPDL, Munich) and the Competence Center for Bibliometrics (http://www.bibliometrie.info/).	2
This approach is new in that it focuses on the work, perceptions, and assessment of radio research at supranational level, shedding light on similarities and differences in terms of how Communication is seen as a scholarly field.	1
We interviewed 14 Flagship participants, see Table I.	2
As single metrics obscure individual inputs, institutional output is also deconstructed into five collaboration groups.	3
A total of 13 similarity indicators using local information were employed to perform dynamic link prediction.	3
To measure how far a scholar is from the Turing Award, we propose a metric called the Turing Number (TN) and find that the TN decreases gradually over time.	3
After the selection of projects, we defined the timeframe of social media data extraction on Twitter and Facebook from the starting date of the project until the day of the search, as presented in Table 2.	2
This paper tests that assumption by analyzing coauthorship networks from five academic fields-biology, computer science, nanoscience, neuroscience, and physics-and an interdisciplinary journal, PNAS.	1
These build on one another in a different order from the discussion above, so let me start with "immediacy," first noting how I became concerned with the issues and acknowledging some important assistance.	0
Based on the cumulative findings of both the quantitative and the narrative persona analyses, this optimal candidate is a mid-career prolific researcher with a respectable number of published articles among which a notable number-roughly a quarter-were solo-authored, a reasonable number of citations received, and previous experience with research projects.	5
An arrow represents a hyperlink and its head the direction of the hyperlink.	0
The overall trend is for the rate of collaboration for long-term researchers to increase over time at a slightly higher rate than the U.S. average (Figure 7), which does not explain the decreasing impact in Figure 1.	4
There were a total of 100 top-cited articles selected from Spine (Phila Pa 1976) and The Spine Journal: official journals of the North American Spine Society with impact factors of 3.19 and 3.22 respectively, as reported by Journal Citation Reports (JCR) for 2018.	2
The experiment results show that there are some common features between the success of an actor and the success of an actress.	5
Our analysis focuses on the effects of two science policy factors-co-authorship collaboration and researcher funding on the productivity and excellence of Slovenian researchers at the level of research disciplines.	1
Turkey obviously dominated the FMF field in terms of the number of articles, and the USA was the only country in the top five outside of the FMF geography.	5
After analysis, four areas were identified that highlight participants' perceptions on the potential contribution of university management to research misconduct.	4
This would greatly benefit the scientific community and science in general.	5
Research involving human and animal rights This research does not involve human or animal participants.	0
The concept of half-life was used in this study to discuss the obliteration phenomenon (Garfield 1975).	3
As far as the latter point is concerned, since the articles published in the New Journal of Physics do not contain keywords, they can be classified using a workaround, namely, based on the subject categories of the citing research as recorded in the Dimensions database.	2
Total collaboration counts are highly correlated to the publication impact.	4
men are relatively overrepresented in the last (senior) position of the author by-line;	4
Orthopaedic surgery academic centers were defined as departments with a current accredited residency training program.	2
As shown in Table 3, on average, HDP has the longest lead time of 1.88 years, co-word is in the second place (0.38 years), and cocitation has the shortest lead time (0.25 years).	4
Quantitatively, the United States contributed 25.9% of AF research, followed by Japan (8.0%), Germany (7.8%), China (7.3%), and the United Kingdom (5.9%).	4
The purpose of this paper is to examine and compare the differences of corporation researchers in ASN utilization from the two aspects of social performance and academic performance.	1
In this paper I explore some of the reasons that intersectoral collaboration does and does not occur; the findings are based on a study that asked individuals involved in infection and immunity research and development in Vancouver, Canada why they collaborated across sectors and what sorts of disincentives they faced.	1
The unusual result for Russia, where solo authorship overall associates with higher impact research may be due to different authorship practices within Russia.	5
graduates) and those that enrolled after (the post-Bologna Ph.D.	1
Received September 3, 2015; revised November 8, 2015; accepted November 10, 2015	0
We used the department's peer-reviewed clinical research publications, poster presentations and oral presentations to measure academic productivity for all time periods.	2
Therefore, the average "half-life” of textbook eminence is shorter than half a century.	4
Scopus database was used to access the articles published in the EAIT journal.	2
The analysis of these factors contributes to the debate about the way in which academic managers can promote the design of effective incentives that could be assumed and accepted by researchers.	5
We provide evidence that publications in field journals (Field) are significantly less cited than articles in journals that cover all branches of economics, although the journal impact factor included in the regression should have taken up already some effects.	4
We find that relative developments in impact scores, country profiles and rankings are both very stable and very similar within and between the two journal sets as well as counting methods.	4
The dispersion of cited serials observed in this study is greater than that described by the 80/20 Rule and Bradford's Law.	5
Statistical analysis reveals that the Internet of Things exhibits a significant scientific growth compared to other subject areas within the research field of cloud computing.	4
Using data generated by top2vec we enrich coauthorship network data—introducing themes and subdisciplines, and topical similarity measures—and analyze the relationship between topical and subdisciplinary overlap, geospatial distance, and publication coauthorship in a sample of mid-career researchers (N = 4068).	3
Taken as a whole, the results in Table 1 reveal that the field-specific variant of DI? may be better able than the original variant of DI? to identify disruptive papers which concentrate the attention of researchers within a discipline.	5
The data were gathered by means of an international survey, informed by a preceding, 3-year qualitative study of 120 ECRs from 7 countries, which obtained 1,600 responses.	2
This paper offers a multi-dimensional analysis of publication outputs from teacher education research published in the UK between 2000 and 2013.	1
This paper draws on data obtained from an exploratory study of research activities at three selected biomedical research departments at the University of Copenhagen in Denmark, namely, a basic research department at the Faculty of Natural Science (NAT), the Department of Molecular Biology (DMB), and two departments at the Faculty of Health and Medical Science (MED): the Department of Medical Biochemistry and Genetics (DMBG) and the pre-clinical Department of Molecular Pathology (DMP).	2
This study examines how institutional and national affiliations relate to publishing productivity in five leading journals of higher education.	1
Finally, although citations and altmetrics (particularly Mendeley readerships) exhibit a moderate positive relationship, it is not yet clear what the quality of the altmetrics data is and neither what kind of dimension of impact they could represent.	5
Our data set includes a total of 23 516 reviewers selected by editors, covering 8533 unique individuals.	2
The attempt is also to keep the methodology simple to ensure easy replication of results, possibly as an annual exercise.	0
Distributed under a Creative Commons Attribution NonCommercial License 4.0 (CC BY-NC).	0
Manuscript received June 18, 2019; revised November 14, 2019; accepted February 11, 2020.	0
The research design was to gather a large sample of books and book chapters with Altmetric.com records and to compare the altmetric data between the OA and non-OA subsets.	3
That budget is divided between scientific research capital costs, K+, in column (4) and scientific labor costs, L, in column (6).	2
From the above computations, the high priority recommendations and communications are found to be highly diverse and low priority recommendations and communications are relatively less diverse.	4
Snodgrass, with 10 citations within the top 150 papers, followed by L.S.	4
Therefore, the objectives of this study were (1) to quantify and assess the health-related literature on the field of natural disasters, (2) to map the health-related literature and the extent of research collaboration in natural disasters, and (3) to identify the most important health-related issues pertaining to the literature in natural disasters.	1
International Journal of Disaster Risk Reduction ranked first with 43 articles, 3.36%, 9 h-index, 242 total citations, Natural Hazards ranked second with about 38 articles, 2.97% of 1280, 15 h-index, 888 citations.	4
One in 10 journals had their IF boosted by more than 50% by their top three cited papers.	4
The primary phase of this study involved twenty M.A.	2
This study is a descriptive, comparative and correlational analysis of documents.	3
How is the DSM cited in different knowledge domains?	1
As previously defined (Ioannidis et al., 2018), an author was called “hyperprolific" for a given calendar year if he/she had their names listed as an author in more than 1 full article every 5 days, i.e.	3
In this article, I show that the distribution of citations to papers published by the top 30 journals in the category Cardiac & Cardiovascular Systems of the Web of Science is extremely skewed.	1
Note: A complete list of the Adjusted, Complete and Straight Counts of Publications Output of LIS Researchers in South Africa is available on request.	0
Now it is becoming increasingly clear that there is an inextricable link between a country's research expenditure and both the volume and impact of their ophthalmic research output.	5
The author performed statistical testing on quantitative data collect-ed in order to establish a significant difference between the various groups using a single factor ANOVA test.	3
This dataset includes 31 countries in a panel of nine years from 2003 to 2011.	2
To cite this article: Tolga Yuret (2014) Why do economists publish less?, Applied Economics Letters, 21:11, 760-762, DOI: 10.1080/13504851.2014.889792	0
Having identified a structural gap between traditional learning research and current technology-based learning research we offer the following conclusions as ways of thinking about creating a stronger, more cohesive, and faster-developing research community.	5
A total of 753 studies, published by 246 unique journal titles, were included and further assessed.	4
To look at a particular example, for the paper entitled “5G wireless telecommunications expansion: Public health and environmental implications", the value of variety is 47 and disparity is 0.58.	0
In an additional step, these rankings are further augmented by including 2011 Impact Factor data from the Journal Citation Reports [14]3.	2
Of the 1290 theses in the dataset, 70 were available only as abstracts; 22 were embargoed, i.e.	2
By comparing Hy and Hz, we remark that, despite the number of publications of researcher Y exceeding the number of publications of researcher Z, the productions of researcher Z still have better quality than those of researcher Y.	4
The goals of this study are: (1) identifying general patterns for publication outputs, journals, and subject categories in rehabilitation using VR technology; (2) evaluating author, national and institutional research performance from multiple perspectives; (3) summarizing global research trends, which may serve as a potential guide for future research.	1
Our main question of interest is to what extent the #Cit and journal grade are helpful to assess the impact of an individual article given a citation network.	1
The negative shift may be a manifestation of the coincidence of the ICT revolution that enabled fast science and the incentive to focus on incremental research in order to add to crowded areas of research where many citations are in the offing for new papers adding incrementally to an already large and growing literature.	5
In this study, the Web of Science database from Clarivate was used to collect bibliometric data.	2
The results show that there is no significant difference in the average productivity and collaboration between the post-Bologna Ph.D.	4
Lee, Drexel University School of Public Health, 1505 Race Street, Mail Stop 1033, Philadelphia, PA 19102.	0
The performance analysis shows that the journal has consistently grown in terms of both publications and citations.	4
Initially, since 2019, I saved the offers of 'International Publisher' LLC published on the 123mi.ru/1 website.	2
The difference in mean citations at 12 months for articles randomized to TrendMD versus control was 5.06, 95% confidence interval [2.87, 7.25], was statistically significant (p < .001) and found in three of eight subject areas.	4
Taiwan and New Zealand) and their persistent research in public health coincided with their success in containing the COVID-19 outbreak in 2020.	4
Subsequently, the essence from each consolidated abstract is extracted as a Bag-of-Entities (BoE), coined as processed abstract, using a Named Entity Linking (NED) type procedure.	3
Interdisciplinarity shows a significant positive effect on citations starting in the 5th year.	4
We also propose a quartile similarity measure to specifically explore the homogeneity of JIFs in the regions bordering consecutive quartile classes.	3
Moreover, the study reveals that AI-related interdisciplinary research topics are rapidly emerging.	4
The third is to assess the association between researchers' structural position in this network and two measures of scientific productivity and impact.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Specifically, active tenured and tenure-track faculty members at “top ten” (as determined by consulting lists published by U.S.	2
The most cited article listed in Scopus or WoS appeared in Journal of Psychiatry & Neuroscience, with 232 citations.	4
The 58 authors, who contributed to more than one article, have been identified by VOSviewer, and the clusters of authors reveal the evolution of research focus in neurodegenerative diseases.	3
These findings, which show that being highly cited generates a greater boost in external attention than internal attention, imply that outsiders tend to gravitate more toward products that are already popular.	5
Limiting academic publications to the English language can stunt career development for non-Western, non-English-speaking scholars, preventing them from both consuming and disseminating knowledge.	4
A random sample of 400 grants gives the team sufficient power to determine the significance of our results at the 95% confidence level.	2
The results show that male reviewers dominate in almost all countries, regions, and research fields.	4
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/), which permits unrestricted non-commercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
None of the observed outcomes for the main experimental runs had a good fit with the predictions.	4
We would like to thank Ralf Schimmer for informing us about the agreement between the Max Planck Institutes and Springer.	0
The ultimate goal of this effort is a set of indices which would reveal the strengths and weaknesses of U.S.	0
The results indicate that the average age diversity of highly cited papers is consistently higher than that of general papers across the entire timeline, spanning four disciplines: economics, engineering, computer science, and physics.	4
data science and sensing techniques – the fastest-growing topics), and (b) rising applications seemingly related to mitigation (e.g.	4
To sum up, the current study has explored the subdivision of quantum information science and obtained an overall view of the experimental field of quantum entanglement.	5
The subsections of the lowest and the highest ID values are shown in table 2.	0
This study aims to investigate the topics distribution trend and evaluate the characteristics of orthopedics and traumatology residency theses during a 20-year period using a bibliometric analysis.	1
The purpose of this study was to examine the dissemination of information from articles published in predatory nursing journals into the nursing literature through citation analysis.	1
In this article, we seek to realize the potential that Spaapen and Van Drooge's productive interactions concept offers, but which we argue has been lost through its operationaliation as a process of 'counting interactions'.	1
Like Frey & Eichenberger (1993), Ehrenberg (2003), Rute Cardoso et al.	1
Social sciences and Technology authors give higher attention to Web of Science and Scopus while authors on Medicine consider PubMed and MEDLINE as the most important databases.	4
Medians for author self-citation rate of the most self-citing authors and self-citations were 3.03% (range 0-50) and 1 (range 0-19), respectively.	4
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
Interpretation of clusters can only be provided in an exploratory way and is always subjective.	5
We believe that this interactive poster model may be useful in other settings including the classroom as a mechanism of soliciting student views, gauging students' content knowledge, identifying misconceptions, and probing students' ability to apply their knowledge to new and unfamiliar situations.	5
First, in the main path analysis, the result expresses review papers' integrative role in linking papers from diverse perspectives toward a clear mainstream topic.	4
Assuming the probabilities associated with a pair of subject categories our objective is to measure the degree of dissimilarity between them.	1
In this research work, we have considered comprehensive data set of researchers for the field of Computer Science, and calculated h-index, K-index and completing-h indices for researchers.	3
The reviews had higher average citations(n=838) than articles (n=585).	4
This article advocates for a stronger convergence between researchers' expectations and universities' collaboration agreements and the development of a “legal” framework enhancing scientific collaboration.	5
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 9 times since 2017*	0
In terms of evaluating the clustering result, there are two indicators: Modularity and Mean silhouette [46, 47].	3
To what extent does research funding for a disease result in findings related to other diseases?	1
Moreover, documents were classified according to their subject and research area, following the criteria used by Devís Devís et al.	3
Wrongly identified nucleotide sequences were distributed across 18% (91/500) original Molecular Cancer papers, including 38% (31/82) Molecular Cancer papers from 2020, and 40% (21/52) selected Oncogene papers from 2020.	4
However, the total volume of requests received from or made to other scientists dropped substantially (19.4 received in 2000 versus 10.8 in 2013, P < .001; 8.4 made in 2000 versus 6.6 in 2013, P < .001).	4
Keywords: Open Access; UCL; institutional repository; research; scholarly publish- ing; article processing charges	0
In 2018, over half of all OA articles published in the Society's journals were from corresponding authors based in China.	4
Table 1 shows that in both fields, the academic citing sources account for more than half of the total volume of citations in both data sets.	4
To analyse participation in HIV/AIDS research, we used the 2018 UNAIDS geographical distribution of countries and regions, which groups African and Middle Eastern countries into three regions: East and Southern Africa (E & SA), West and Central Africa (W & CA), and Middle East and North Africa (ME & NA).	3
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
This study resulted in a checklist of items to assess the quality of peer-review reports in biomedical research.	5
The interviews, which were conducted between April and November 2016, were recorded and transcribed and the resulting transcripts were subjected to a thematic analysis.	3
The measurement of scientific output was also explored through Bibliometric Analysis to assess the performance of diverse scientific research and developments.	3
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0264-1615.htm	0
In terms of evaluating the clustering result, there are two indicators: Modularity and Mean Silhouette (Rousseeuw 1987; Newman 2006).	3
The limitations in the use of citations are discussed and dismissed in Leibowitz and Palmer (1988).	0
Received: 31 May 2023 / Accepted: 16 May 2024 / Published online: 15 June 2024	0
This inequality is likely to pose substantial challenges to the growth of novel ideas.	5
The impact of the journal modified the relationship between stylistic title cues and citation counts.	5
The number of topics for each domain was determined by iteratively evaluating the perplexity of the corresponding topic models.	3
In Section 5 of the paper, we conclude the research work based on the analysis of our experimental results.	0
Identification of these articles provides insights into the trends in spine care in mainland China and the historical contributions of researchers from mainland China to the international spine research field.	5
2) show that 69 out of 466 universities (~14.81%) had no retrievable research misconduct investigation processes, and 285 (~61.16%) did not disclose their whistleblowing channels.	4
Thus, the anticipated overlap between the Social Sciences & AI specialization and CSS has yet to be crystallised.	5
A total of 121 qualitative studies, 270 systematic reviews, and 515 randomised controlled trials were retrieved.	2
Finally, we carefully compared input and output titles to eliminate false matches.	0
The hypothesis tested in the following section is that the administrative barriers to mobility will have a negative impact on bilateral knowledge flows.	1
The most interesting finding in the university policies is the interconnectedness of internationalisation and excellence.	4
The annual incremental rate was used to reflect the changing trends in scientific publications from 2007 to 2014.	3
Over the life cycle, NIH trainees also garnered publications, citations, and grant funding at a much higher rate than synthetic controls, and went on to mentor more trainees who themselves became successful researchers.	4
In this context, this article intends to measure and illustrate the cognitive relatedness between a specific 'focal topic' and other topics across the global science landscape.	1
This becomes more complicated as the selection criteria may vary from one discipline to another.	0
The level of concern is perhaps traceable to the assessment procedures in place in the different countries: the more a country relies on quantitative productivity coupled with citation-data based bibliometric indicators to measure research achievements, the more problematic the role of 'grey' publishers becomes.	5
The search process uses the keyword "Journal of Travel & Tourism Marketing" and was carried out in October 2017.	2
Different econometric estimations were used to test the proposed model.	3
We show how a fear of 'fake' journals is cultivated amongst African academics, with journal citation indexes being used to adjudicate the credibility of African journals and publishers.	1
Out of the 3052 active Web references, 2942 correctly redirected to the specific Web resource, i.e.	4
Leveraging the coding schema introduced by Weber,14 I consider basic terms as those related to the topics of (1) cell and molecular and (2) animal, treating them as equally basic; and applied terms those related to the topic of human.	3
The results of the study show four different typologies of older people across the five analysed countries.	5
In this paper, all co-authors of one publication is treated as one team.	3
Honesty is possible when the cost of high-ranking submission, C, is larger than the expected added benefit of submitting a low-quality paper to a high-ranking journal, P l (B?b), but smaller than the expected added benefit of submitting a high-quality paper to a high-ranking journal, P h (B?b).	4
Received 18 August 2020; Received in revised form 26 March 2021; Accepted 5 May 2021	0
We find that female students with female advisors are around 5 percentage points more likely to remain in academia than female students with male advisors (cf Table 7).	4
In this case Scopus, with an average of 86.42 citations per journal, clearly identifies more citations than WoS with an average of 76.65.	4
At the core of the terminological intersection between IM and KM lies the study around processes, technologies and information systems.	4
Moreover, l is slightly more correlated with the habilitation variable than are h, g, R and hT</METRIC>.	4
The total number of published documents grew eleven times between 1999 and 2022, from 4,197 to 46,336 (Fig.	4
Our analysis, however, confirms its quality and merit in certain types of prospective assessments of scientific performance.	5
For example, in 2010, green OA was the predominant mode of OA, but by 2020 gold OA became the dominant mode, and this is true for each subject category analyzed in this article.	4
The 'contribution' good framework leads to much less emphasis on the necessity of functional differentiation between the two spheres and suggests a somewhat different standpoint from which to view Robert Merton's (1942) work on 'The Normative Structure of Science'.	5
2 Latest data available (31 December 2018), downloadable from http://cercauniversita.cineca.it/php5/docenti/cerca.php, last accessed on 18 February 2020.	0
Use of OA journals levying APC has increased from 242 journals and 2,557 papers in 2010 to 328 journals and 3,634 papers in 2014.	4
Half of the papers analysed have an index higher than 91.5% (median) and the average is 90.5%.	4
The US and Japan lead as the major players when patents and papers are jointly considered.	4
Scientific misconduct was deemed present in 107 of 192 retracted articles (55.7%).	4
They show that both the Euclidean index and the general o-index by far outperform the h-index in matching labor market data.	4
For each of the 1048 articles, the number of authors was coded, along with each author's country of affiliation.	2
In particular, we found that SVD-based diversity metrics give higher interdisciplinarity scores to journals addressing a narrow but specific literature on research topics embedded inside the 5-community configuration (e.g., optics and antennas).	5
Note: For Liberal Arts, 28.73% of the articles published were book reviews.	0
Data collection was repeated in three different-time sessions, spaced about 7 months apart: i.e., session I on August 2013, session II on March 2014 and session III on October 2014.	2
There are currently cost-related barriers for scientific authors and readers in LMICs.	5
The frequency of publication is monthly and number of articles in the JPMA has increased gradually from 2009 to 2013.	5
Next, a classification scheme was designed to assign each comment to a category.	3
The results show that 65.3% of CSSCI-indexed journals have created WeChat public accounts and posted over 193 thousand WeChat posts in total.	4
Interdisciplinary environmental studies journals increasingly dominate both the cited and citing journal lists.	4
Twenty-six studies in the sample are from Journal of Informetrics and Scientometrics (Table 1).	2
2 Network size: number of authors collaborating per year (absolute numbers)	0
Is there a trend towards internationalization of educational research in Europe?	1
After excluding these unavailable data, we obtained two distinct sets of text corpora: ΩLIS (LIS papers) and ΩDM (DM papers) respectively: 14,925 LIS papers (ΩLIS) and 23,657 DM papers (ΩDM).	2
To this end, Clarivate Analytics identified the researchers associated with the 1% of most cited publications in their disciplines and publication years based on the Essential Sciences Indicators (ESI).	3
We collected four clustering solutions, namely CWTS-C5, UMSIO, ECOOM-BC13 and STS-RG.	3
By looking to these results, it is clear that the American school is the most dominating one in business & economics.	4
The probabilities for their repeating retraction are calculated using a statistical model: 3-5% likelihood of repeat retraction for authors with a single retraction at five years after the latest retraction and 26-37% for authors with five retractions at five years after the latest retraction.	4
We compared attributes of COVID-19-related preprints posted within our analysis period between January 1 and October 31, 2020 against non-COVID-19-related preprints posted in the same time frame.	3
2) Will the proposed bibliometric model have significantly better predicting power than a purely random model?	1
Researchers today have more “degrees of freedom" regarding methodological choices than ever (Freese, 2007).	4
Nevertheless, a critical discussion of how dominating evaluation criteria treat societal engagement and reflect gender differences is warranted.	5
The purpose of this paper is to examine the structure, patterns and themes of cross-national collaborations in Digital Humanities research through the application of social network analysis and visualization tools.	1
In this paper, we engage with the Research Excellence Framework (REF) – the UK government's national policy tool for competitive allocation of scarce research funding.	1
Second, by using the SDGs as a thematic framework instead of traditional academic disciplines, our analysis provides a different perspective more suited to the mission-oriented nature of policymaking.	1
This study aimed to evaluate the influence of multiple author profiles on Scopus on neurosurgeon author-level metrics (h-index, document number, citation number).	1
As Table 4 shows, only 24% of the citations to the Beall's List accounting journals appear in Scopus journals; for the Scopus comparison group, the value is 44%.	4
The fields are listed in decreasing order of their MGCD in 2009.	0
For the first author, only 25 publications are listed in the WoS Core Collection for the 1975–2018 time period while for the second author, 49 publications are listed.	4
Antarctica is a unique geographic focus for science, and the community of scientists is from different countries and from almost all scientific disciplines.	5
Mental health and psychology were clearly shown to be the focus of most social science research related to COVID-19.	4
The collection of the hyperlinks was performed automatically using web-based software VOSON (Ackland, 2011).	3
Papers published in the same year, using citation and social media metrics, were all used to analyse the correlation between the level of social media metrics and citation.	1
being admitted to the second round), while in the second stage we estimate the amount of co-financing allocated to proposals that pass to the second round.	3
Acknowledgements Funding was provided by Unitatea Executiva pentru Finantarea Invatamantului Superior, a Cercetarii, Dezvoltarii si Inovarii (Grant No.	0
1414 of 6009 (23.53%) papers of Iranian researchers indexed in SSCI until 2013 deal with Psychology subject, so it is the core research area that most Iranian researchers have carried out.	4
The flexibility of this novel metric allows effective comparison of the impact of a component of the scientific process on different aspects of the scientific community.	5
A sleeping period appears in a citation curve as a horizontal region with a low citation count.	4
We received 1573 responses from 36 UK medical schools.	2
We further restrict the data and sample 323,146 journal publications in pharmaceutical sciences and 28,158 publications in ISLS with at least two co-institutions.	2
Institutions contribute equally: In this model, costs for APC are equally shared between all institutions mentioned as affiliations of authors.	3
To identify the specifics of the “a,” “al,” “a2," "a(r)," and "a(m)" projects at the first stage of research, we resorted to correspondence analysis, which is an analog of factor analysis for categorical data.	3
The IREM provides the basic framework for research evaluation and the choice of research quality indicators depends on the researcher.	5
Finally, limitations are discussed in "Limitations" section and conclusions and future work are presented in "Conclusions" section.	0
To test for factors that drive changes between the waves, we used the MRQAP function in UCINET to examine the probability that AIM fellows would connect with other fellows over successive time periods.	3
For example, if an article published in 2000 cited an article published in 1995, then the age of the source document is counted as 5 years.	0
Panel A of Table VI reports that over the entire 1990-2009 period, the JF, the RFS, the JFE, the JFQA, and the JB remain the top five journals (based on the weighted-average ranking in Column 1).	4
Using strain theory, illegitimate opportunity theory, and power distance theory, we theoretically examine both the supply and demand sides of the free-riding phenomenon in academic co-authorship.	1
The percentage of funded works has been increasing over the last decade, which is seen as an indication of the importance of GHGE.	4
Twenty-five bibliometric variables and paper characteristics were extracted to evaluate their contribution to the citation count.	3
This study also uses the indicator TC2015 (total citations since publication to the end of 2015) (Chuang, Wang, & Ho, 2011) because Web of Science total citations change with time.	3
and the most productive institution was Aga Khan University, Karachi.	4
This study utilised the Technique for Order of Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution method, and the authors built two indicators to value author's contribution.	3
Tel: +44 (0) 20 7903 0000, Fax: +44 (0) 20 7903 0011	0
Nevertheless, this paper contributes a start to a research literature in this complex area.	5
Participants were asked to produce a parametric drawing on the computer screen using an interactive interface comprising a number of individually configurable elements.	2
Dominantly female papers were overrepresented among publications classified as aimed at scientific progress, while the share of male-authored papers was higher in publications classified as aimed at societal progress.	4
When we compare the sales in the period January 2010 until August 2012 of the 'OAPEN titles' to the 'non OAPEN titles' of that imprint, we found that on average, the first group actually performed better.	4
This study examined a total of 435 highly cited papers based on Essential Citation Indicators in the Web of Science (WoS) category of sport sciences with a bibliometric method.	1
Our model is just an attempt of giving a practical tool for the authors.	5
Received: 28 October 2022 / Accepted: 27 February 2023 / Published online: 30 March 2023	0
On the whole, there are significant differences between the “past ten years" (1999-2009) and the "present ten years" (2010-2017) of Chinese entrepreneurship education research in the number of published articles, hot research areas and author cooperation:	5
The aim of this study is to observe to what extent the presence of a researcher in a social network such as Twitter influences the number of mentions or tweets that receive their publications.	1
This is because a paper published in a journal has had its content validated through the peer-review process, whereas other material written has not necessarily been subjected to a comparable quality-control mechanism.	0
In social network analysis, the Pearson correlation is generated by using a permutation -based method, known as quadratic assignment procedures (QAP), to estimate the standard errors to test for the significance of associations between two networks (Hanneman & Riddle, 2005).	3
Section 4 illustrates the methodology and is complemented by Appendix B.	0
The second finding of our semantic bottom-up analysis of the texts from the North is that—in contrast to such generalizing statements—there is also a semantic block within the deficit model that constitutes a model of limited exceptions.	4
Financial security poses the greatest challenge for the long-term sustainability for any center, especially for supporting infrastructure, defined as not only the physical space and associated computational resources but also the informed and expert staff who enable a center to function.	4
This is derived as follows: (122,778,368/3 =) 40,926,123 relations on average, or 81.8% of the original set.	0
We found few traditional metrics, like the Journal Impact Factor and number of citations, are familiar to and often used by scholars for research evaluation.	4
This means that contributions become more irregular with the number of authors.	4
I classified every book as fitting in one of political science's four main substantive fields plus methodology, based on the book's title or the publisher's brief description of the book.	3
The United States of America (USA) had the highest number of articles (Figure 2).	4
Although hybrid communities dominate the SOTA front, there are also some isolated company players, possibly representing different divisions, departments and research groups from companies such as Google, Xiaomi, Facebook and Microsoft.	4
This paper uses publication data for a group of authors from the accounting discipline who have published multiple times in the leading journals.	1
Therefore, in contrast to existing techniques that utilize absolute citation counts to quantify knowledge flows between different entities, our model employs a citation context analysis technique, using a machine-learning approach to distinguish between important and non-important citations.	1
Received February 4, 2010; revised March 16, 2010; accepted March 16, 2010	0
The similarity between concepts is evaluated by using a concept hierarchy graph obtained from existing databases.	3
This figure is even higher (68%) for three major publishers: Elsevier, Springer, and Wiley.	4
Who are the primary practitioner authors in computer science, library science, and management?	1
All analysis was performed using an excel 2016 and Rstudio versions 3.4.4 & 3.6.0 [14,19] with ggpubr version 0.2 package [20] https://CRAN.R-project.org/package = ggpubr) and the bibliometrix R-package [16,20].	3
In this article we discuss three sleeping beauties in psychology—an area of study which, despite the brief paper by Lange (2005), has not been investigated in detail before.	1
Year dummy variables were also included in all models to control for temporal effects, although we do not report the estimates.	0
The regularity of publication was an important selection criterion for longitudinal data analysis.	0
Our results confirm that universities having outstanding results in rankings using size-independent indicators (QS and THE) compared to others have significantly lower number of students.	4
This study decomposed each keyword network of the two fields into four layers by using the K-core method, then quantified the knowledge integration relationships between different layers of the two fields together.	3
Second, the study seeks to examine the distribution of gold OA publications across various subject areas in Malaysia, offering valuable insights into which fields contribute most to OA growth and highlighting gaps that need attention.	1
We decided against using time spent in academia as it is difficult to specify the correct starting point: time of the first work contract at an university, time of the final degree, the beginning of the doctorate etc.	0
Today, the impact and importance of research publications and authors can be successfully followed through web services, of which the three most known are:	0
Using an original, representative study of faculty from one discipline, political science, we propose and test several hypotheses about the “Big Five” personality determinants of productivity, as gauged through counts of publications, H-index scores, and citations.	1
Word frequency analysis is a bibliometric method to present hotspots and development trend of one domain by revealing the frequencies of keywords or subjective words appeared in literature.	3
By subgroups, female dermatologists published significantly more papers between 2017 and 2022, and other bibliographic variables were comparable to male dermatologists.	4
For the analytical stages of the methodology, several software tools were utilized, i.e., the VOSviewer(25) and Microsoft Excel for descriptive statistics, network/ density visualizations, and clustering on the networks; RapidMiner(26) for text preprocessing; and a java application for Hierarchical Latent Tree Analysis (HLTA), for topic modeling in the abstracts.	3
At our institution, the median H-indexes at the time of promotions from assistant professor to associate professor and from associate professor to full professor are 11.0 and 17.0.	5
The circle size in VOSviewer positively correlates with the keyword occurrence or countries in the title and abstract.	0
The top 100 world universities from the Academic Ranking of World Universities, QS World University Rankings, Times Higher Education World Universities, and U.S.	2
It requires counting the total number of publications per year and sorting the data for each scholar starting from the year with the minimal number of publications to the one with the greatest number.	3
In sum, this paper demonstrates that the Spanish contribution in the subject of water use corresponds to medium-level international collaboration.	5
Assessing international research collaboration through cross-national papers is a common practice but may be compromised by dubious affiliations lacking clear evidence of substantial collaboration.	1
The hypothesis investigated in our study is that article citations will be associated with combinations of biomedical entities that appear in the text of the articles.	1
This small-scale study suggests that there is only limited level of agreement between reader and author judgments; accordingly, while reader-based studies of citation behaviour are relatively easy to carry out they are unlikely to provide accurate insights into the reasons why authors cite material in scholarly texts.	5
When we looked at affiliations to these universities, we found that 40% of private universities had records credited to them where it was not possible to corroborate the authors' affiliation to that university.	4
The most prevalent topics were found using a latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) topic model, implemented in Matlab (function fitlda, The MathWorks Inc. (2022)).	3
A cluster analysis based in the Newman modularity [32] was performed on the core sub-network using Clust&see, a Cystoscape plug-in [33].	3
Results indicated a significant effect of Carnegie Classification on rates of scholarly productivity, such that faculty at R1 and R2 institutions outperformed all other Carnegie Classifications on all measures.	4
Dataset 2 included publication and citation data from N=1742 psychologists from German speaking countries.	2
Hence, absent bias, the FDR is higher the more qualities are hypothesized during a journal pre-study evaluation.	4
The term “scientific collaboratory”, at its roots, meant “a laboratory without walls”, which stressed the presence of physical distance between collaborating scientists, who were provided with remote access to instrumentation [26].	0
One industry respondent also pointed to the fact that large companies are entering the field and setting up expensive multidisciplinary research teams similar to those in academia.	0
According to the ORCID statistics as of late January 2024, the number of Chinese researchers with active ORCID accounts was approximately 388,973, accounting for approximately 4.82% of the total of 8.07 million ORCID account holders worldwide (ORCID n.d.-b).	4
For the other half, BM has the highest share with more than half (30 out of 58).	4
We found no evidence for differences in citation accuracy between the journals assessed, or effects on citation accuracy associated with the number of authors, number of references, position of references or if a citation was a self-citation or not.	4
This paper endeavors to quantify the prominence of countries in the collaboration network and investigate the evolution of China's role over the past decade and a half.	1
Results show that there is a weak correlation between bibliometric indicators and peer-review activity.	4
In the current study, we aimed to examine the academic productivity in the field of rheumatology in the 36 Countries of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) in a period of 22 years, and to examine its correlation to various updated economic indicators of these countries.	1
This study focused on gold OA articles from 22 ESI research fields in 2023, using non-OA articles from the same fields and year as the control group.	2
The current study employs Dimensions citations, Twitter statistics, Mendeley readers data, and Springer dataset to evaluate the academic and social impact of the OA and non-OA books in different disciplines and it is concentrated on the following issues:	1
New subject disciplines such as "nanoscience and nanotechnology" or "social work" were also detected, providing evidence of good performance of our approach in refining the journal classification and updating the subject classification structure.	4
In sum, our approach of modeling the coevolution of collaboration and shared ideas in the form of social structures provides many novel insights in the academic discovery process.	5
The objective of the present study is to characterize the scientific impact of the TOP 25 countries in Communication using the Impact Factor calculated for each country as an indicator.	1
Point estimates are depicted by the solid blue line and 95% confidence intervals are illustrated by the light blue area.	0
This paper has provided a broad understanding on the global warming research topic during the 2005–2014 period.	5
Within Africa and the Middle East, South Africa was the leading contributor to research on HIV in absolute terms, producing four times as many publications as the second-most productive country.	4
This research replicates the NIH peer-review process to examine in detail the qualitative and quantitative judgments of different reviewers examining the same application, and our results have broad relevance for scientific grant peer review.	1
I gratefully acknowledge the helpful critical comments of the anonymous reviewers of this journal.	0
As demonstrated in 4 examples the increase of the h-index does not necessarily depend on the factual performance for several years in the future, but is more likely to result from previous, often rather old publications, i.e., on passée achievements.	4
Notably, over the duration of the historical period of this study, scholarly judgements of candidates’ research became increasingly based on their publications, as shown by more extensive discussions of the content of publications, the reception of publications in the field, and the number of publications.	4
In twelve years from 2003 to 2014, the number of University publications per year in Web of Science rose from 78 to 384 (calculated from Table 1).	4
Results show that 61% of research papers falls within five topics; (1) Knowledge Sharing, (2) Intellectual Capital, (3) Knowledge Creation, (4) Knowledge Transfer, and (5) Culture.	4
This weighted combination of both views and comments results in a better correlation with the subscription counts, which is considered as the benchmark for validation of results.	5
The author with the highest TLCSx score was WANG Bin, who had 274 records and TLCSx score of 8090.	4
Controlling for various variables, the warning sent to cheaters decreases the cheating rate by 23 percentage points.	4
Canada has a core-periphery NTD international research structure, with a densely connected group of OECD countries and some African nations, such as Uganda and Kenya.	4
The results of the paired sample t-test showed no significant difference between the OPR and non-OPR papers.	4
According to our recent work, 43% of those papers have received no citations at all.	4
While previous works have mainly focused on cross-sectional collaboration patterns, this work investigates scientific collaboration networks from scholars' local perspectives based on their academic ages.	1
NIH-funded orthopaedic principal investigators were predominately scientists whose degree was a PhD (71.1%) and who were male (79.5%).	4
Altogether, our work makes an extension in the network-based similarity measure and can be potentially applied in several related tasks.	5
The effects of stability on success can vary by the types and goals of the teams being studied.	0
Among them, EJMSTE is the most dominant journal (184 times), followed by Journal of Baltic Science Education (31 times), and Anthropologist (31 times).	4
Accordingly, this paper develops a fuzzy multi-criteria group evaluation method which considers objective and subjective evaluations, i.e., bibliometric measures and peer review opinions simultaneously.	1
First, we collected bibliometric article-level data from WoS for the five countries under study.	2
It is based on calculating the importance of sentences through a common statistical measure, TF-IDF, which is computed as follows:	3
A group of six countries with different OA performances and policies are selected for our study.	2
We have demonstrated that, under salience of article importance, the scientific-communication equilibrium critically depends on the importance to complexity ratios of research articles in the choice set.	5
The dataset used in this paper consists of journal articles published in 2006 (N= 979,908 papers), including their references and citing papers (papers citing these journal articles published in 2006) (Fig.	2
The total number of citations was calculated for each PB.	3
Further, the data retrieved from these strings are again categorized in different OA types, including OA total publication, OA gold, OA hybrid gold, OA bronze, and OA green.	3
Interestingly, we find that recent NIH funding serves as a deterrent to moving.	4
Third, the determinants of the global HHW trade network are jointly influenced by endogenous structure, country attributes and external networks.	5
The problem to be considered may be put into simple terms: how close is close?	0
The search was conducted with no language restriction, but limited to documents included in the NHS EED data- base before February 2015 and published between January 2004 and December 2014.	2
for female authors, AJSM? has an overall greater percentage of female authors.	5
Across the sample, impacts decline by 14% from the abstract to the POR, but the decline is most pronounced when the impacts are intrinsic to the research or targeted at marginalized groups.	4
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
The categories with the highest level of document production in Latin America are, in order, Multidisciplinary Materials Science, Physics Applied and Chemistry Physical.	5
Tenured scientists display homophily: They favor tenure candidates who adhere to their paradigm.	3
The open access fee averaged $475, ranging from $25 to $1500.	4
The suffix numbers identify (the last two digits of) the year.	0
Building upon Wang et al.'s approach, we introduce a modified Sampling Graph Convolutional Networks (MSGCN) method.	3
The relatively positive evaluation of most of the domain patterns ranked by science linkage within the citation type sets proves our H1 hypothesis: Scientific papers cited in patents can be considered as a measure of science linkage.	4
Among them, Mariani et al. (2016) proposed the rescaling procedure to suppress the age bias of the ranking algorithms, the rescaled score R(mi) for metric m and node i is calculated by the z-score of metric m score for a group of nodes applied in a similar time as m?.	3
It is also unclear whether the dominant role of disciplines vary between STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) and non-STEM focused research.	1
This paper will advance the existing works by studying the evolution of scientometrics at three different network levels.	1
The purpose is to provide a reference for guiding the diversity development and changing the homogenization trend observed in academic journals.	1
The term “social_network” was ranked 1st in Period 3.	4
Almost all major states showed an increase in absolute research output during 2001–20.	4
A bibliometric research based on the Science Citation Index Expanded was carried out to provide insights into research activities on bioinformatics in China.	1
1.5 (7 programs above 1 SD, 8 programs below 1 SD).	4
Due to the Matthew effect, it is impossible to measure the ratio of competent to lucky superstars.	5
And in which disciplines is each type of comment more prevalent?	1
One can formulate, as the central research question for a geography of scientific knowledge, under what conditions a knowledge claim originating from one place becomes accepted as scientific in other places (Shapin, 1998).	1
Scientific indicators for carbon nanotubes, fullerenes and graphene were developed using the bibliographic data available from Science Citation Index Expanded.	2
CM Chen acknowledges WC Liu for his Perl script to extract WoS data from CDs.	0
Second, we recommend journals engage their editorial board to see if there are mechanisms for subsidizing the cost of translation to help make this more affordable for authors.	5
Mean and median traditional citation counts were 10.7 ± 15.4 and 5 vs 3.3 ± 13.3 and 0 for Altmetric.	4
In this study, LIS dissertation data was retrieved from the Wanfang database, which is one of the major bibliometric databases in China.	2
In these indices, Poland consistently ranks the lowest (and its research productivity index across all age groups is 2-3 times lower).	4
The main objective of the current study is to assess whether an automatic method can help the teaching impact assessment of books based on mentions of them in academic syllabi or course reading lists.	1
We eliminated some noisy data, such as catalogs, prefaces, contributions, and news, and obtained DataSet 1, consisting of 9919 papers.	2
Disclosure: None of the authors has any financial declarations or conflicts of interest related to the contents of this article.	0
It utilizes quantitative analysis and statistics to describe patterns of publications within a given topic, field, institute, or country.	0
To find the best information on citing activity by faculty peers for subscribed titles use Thomson Reuters' customized Local Journal Use Reports (LJUR), or limit a Web of Science search to local institution.	5
It is difficult to avoid the conclusion that the opportunities that the worldwide web should be bringing for nursing's doctoral dissemination are largely slipping through the net.	5
The variable Liberal Democracy provides support for hypothesis 1(a) across models 1-3, showing that the liberal democracy index has a significant positive estimate (bootstrapped mean) on the probability of tie formation in the network.	4
Table 4 reveals that the regression prediction performance fed into train data with 15-year history records outperforms that input into train data with 10-year history records.	4
The study is carried out based on 1134 journal articles on entrepreneurship education research included in CSSCI database from 1999 to 2017 as samples by employing the bibliometric and visual analysis methods, longitudinally the past, present and future of the entrepreneurship education in China, stating the concerns, focuses of the research and author collaboration at different stages of development in the academic circles, and pointing out the direction of the future study.	1
This study was undertaken to evaluate whether the h-index should be adjusted for three factors that it does not recognize: the journal impact factor (IF), level of authorship, and age (of the researcher and publication).	1
For each paper or patent, we calculate a newly proposed yet extensively verified measure, 'disruption' or D score, which assesses to which extent an idea disrupts the state of science or technology.	3
For the purpose of checking whether existing measures are associated with TN and changes in the subsequent years, we adopt the Spearman correlation coefficient to calculate the relationship of the relevant metrics and TN from 1974 to 2016 because many metrics do not conform to the normal distribution and the nonparametric correlations are more appropriate and more robust than the Pearson correlations.	3
How serious was the anomie in China's academic publishing?	1
In the present paper, we will investigate two broad research directions: the general acknowledgment trends among different disciplines and the relationships between different variables: entity types, acknowledged entities, scientific domains, length of the acknowledgement text, number of citations.	1
This paper analyses the inbreeding phenomena in Portuguese public universities.	1
The g-index satisfies the relation g(HM(X,Y)) ≤ max(g(X),g(Y)), i.e., the right-hand side inequality in (HM), but does not satisfy the inequality on the left-hand side of (HM).	4
However, despite the fast expansion and overall upward trend in the size of the network, the density of the network has gradually declined.	4
Bibliometrics is a research methodology to quantitatively analyse publications using their attributes or metadata such as title, authors and their affiliations, keywords, publishing venue (journal or conference, etc.) and references (citation) (Abbasi et al.	3
Since the institution of the SSB Prize in 1958, about 535 awards have been given and a full list can be found at: http://ssbprize.gov.in/Content/AwardeeList.aspx, with additional information available at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Shanti_Swarup_Bhatnagar_Prize_recipients.	2
We performed a descriptive analysis using a x2 test and Fisher exact test for categorical variables and a Wilcoxon rank-sum test for nonparametric continuous variables.	3
Ralf Shaw for her comments on earlier versions of this manuscript.	0
Our survey grasps the perspective of researchers on the value that different research activities have in advancing science, in advancing research careers, and in contributing to researchers' personal satisfaction.	5
The total number of publications of country i is denoted as	0
We aimed to examine the journal's trends, inclinations, and changes over the past decade compared to the previous period, building upon the earlier work by Yal??nkaya and Bagatur.	1
In the case of this study, to be able to understand the emergent events and experiences of research production or lack thereof, data was collected from all seven HBUs (as so designated by the DHET).	2
For number of clicks, simply the number of clicks to the landing page of the library or libraries was recorded.	3
A primary aim of this paper is to show that this naive approach is too simple and to suggest a superior one.	0
The dataset was directly provided by the APS following our request at the webpage http://journals.aps.org/datasets, and was also studied by, among others, Medo, Cimini, and Gualdi (2011).	2
This open access article is distributed under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives License 4.0 (CC BY-NC-ND).	0
Although the United States produced the most publications, European nations per capita were higher in publication output.	5
Weber-Main is assistant professor of medicine, Department of Medicine, University of Minnesota Medical School, Minneapolis, Minnesota.	0
Considering its effectiveness in similar researches (see, for example, De Montis et al., 2014), we have chosen to use the App Google Form included in the Google Drive suite.	3
The assessment of research quality in the NZ PBRFS is based on the performance of all eligible individual researchers within each university.	3
This study is a constructive attempt to show the macroscopic traits of academic books.	5
The obtained results indicate that the elements of science and higher education quality significantly impact the size of GDP per capita in the considered countries.	4
The journals rankings presented above indicate clearly that there are three leading journals in Finance, namely Journal of Finance, Journal of Financial Economics and Review of Financial Studies.	5
A third (n = 33) of the papers had authors with conflicts of interest; however, conflict of interest had no effect on citations (p = 0.837).	4
which means that it is beneficial for the institution to add a foreign author to the paper if the original paper has at least 2 authors.	4
The interviewees identified four relevant virtues as central categories of this domain: intellectual empathy, intellectual respect, interpersonal intellectual trust, and intellectual generosity.	5
Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	0
This article has argued that the extractive economic institutions of the past have continued into the present.	5
The findings showed the phenomenon reflected real growth in published conference papers by Indonesian authors rather than being the result of increased database coverage.	5
Turnitin matches uploaded files against a massive database (200 million archived student papers, 17 billion web pages, and 90,000 journals, periodicals and books) and generates an 'originality report' for each submitted file.	3
We set out to understand what patterns characterized these educational journals in terms of (a) their comparative characteristics at each point in time, among and across journals, and (b) their patterns of change over time, among and across journals.	1
What is a statistically significant difference between the OA journals and non-OA journals regarding readiness for OA?	1
Numerous studies have evaluated the publication performance of universities worldwide, but studies examining intra-institutional performance still remain scarce.	5
As China, Japan, and Korea are in a similar group, China’s scientific patterns have established considerable similarity with the leading Asian nations.	4
The entire network comprised 735 authors and 220 papers linked by 1,349 unique undirected edges (Table 1).	4
Borrego and Garcia (2013) studied 72 scholarly journals in library and information science, and 78% of these included supplementary materials.	2
This study on public-private research collaboration measures the variation over time of the propensity of academics to collaborate with colleagues from private companies.	1
The scientific articles used for Altmetric citations are extracted from journals indexed by PubMed.	2
Their overall scores in Times Higher Education and Quacquarelli Symonds were regressed against their Leiden crown indicator (PP top 10%), Article-Weighted Fractional Count in Nature Index, Altmetric Attention Score, tweets, and Mendeley readership.	3
In this study, a longitudinal and multidisciplinary analysis of gold OA citation advantage is developed.	1
Bearing in mind the results of the bibliometric analysis, the main themes used in literature are the following: Artificial Intelligence, Data Warehouse, Web Services, Text Mining, Strategic Planning, Risk Management, Decision Support Systems, Information Systems, Information Management, Big data, and Social Networks.	5
There is a wide discrepancy between bibliometric indices and peer-review panel judgements between the RAE 2008 and REF 2014.	5
We find that the probability that a firm is issued its breakthrough patent is indeed not constant over time.	4
For the calculation of the different clusters, we used the algorithm implemented by Noack (2007) based on Newman and Girvan's measure of modularity (Newman, 2004; Newman; Girvan, 2004).	3
A small number of “Classifications” account for a large share of the research area’s interdisciplinarity (Figure 4C), indicating that relatively few areas of research are characterized by interdisciplinary work.	5
The faculty listings for each of the 76 social work programs listed on the website of the Group for the Advancement of Doctoral Education in Social Work were reviewed (http://www.gadephd.org/member- ship) and we developed a list of 2204 social work faculty employed by programs offering a doctoral degree in social work.	2
In this paper, we tackle this problem via an anatomy of the credit diffusion mechanism underlying both researcher level and paper level graph-ranking methods.	1
Scholars with greatest impact are different from the most active scholars of Chinese IS; there is no uniform impact pattern forming since authors’ impact subjects are scattered and not steady; while authors’ research activities present higher independence and concentration, there is still no steady research pattern due to no deep research existing.	4
A total of 10 479 articles in identified specialties were published in JAMA, Lancet, and NEJM from 2003 to 2015 (Table 3).	4
In summary, through the analysis of the NIH and NHLBI competing R01 award trends in 2010 through 2014, the decreased success rates were observed at all levels.	5
The start date of 1996 reflects the year when Scopus expanded in coverage.	2
Making evidence-based decisions enables librarians to more effectively manage their communication studies collections, collaborate with librarians in related disciplines, and provide users with access to resources that best meet their needs.	5
These findings highlight the importance of tracking public discourse on long COVID to inform public health strategies, address misinformation, and provide support to affected individuals.	5
From the fitted equation curves, four types of topic growth patterns were identified.	4
Accordingly, we operationalise a new measure of originality for individual scientific papers building on the network betweenness centrality concept.	1
This study was based on Thomson Reuters' Web of Science (WoS) database.	2
Among the 823 hot research areas obtained from Science Map 2012, 40 % of the research areas are the small island type and about 20 % are the continent type, as depicted in Fig.	4
The Iran Journal database (http://en.ricesr.ac.ir) comprises all Iranian peer-reviewed journals and was used as the data source.	2
1 and 2 and in Table 3 reflect numerous factors and situations.	0
The OA publications in the TKA literature were associated with increased social media attention, but not overall citations.	5
The 10 Beall's list accounting journals selected for this investigation are those with the highest year-adjusted number of citations per article.	2
Moreover, we show that disciplines are also interconnected, tied together by a journal cross-discipline content network and that disciplines that share more content also tend to rely more heavily on the same JIF influencing behaviors.	4
Scientific impact is based on the citations, and novelty by using the NLP co-occurrence matrix to compute the cosine similarity between pairs of knowledge entities.	3
Scientific production of researchers is analyzed based on doctoral theses in sport sciences in Spain.	1
By default, to avoid overlapping labels, only a subset of all of labels is displayed.	0
The web surveys were created and administered using Qualtrics online survey software.	3
The present paper is specifically concerned with the ability of the h-index and of some of its variants to cope with willful manipulation and aims to provide an analysis of the theoretical response of the original h-index and of eighteen of its variants when confronted with a simple but pervasive manipulation strategy involving self-citation practices.	1
The total funding available for health research in India is lower than previous estimates, and only a miniscule proportion is available for public health research.	5
Authoritative subject encyclopedias, such as the Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology and Ullmann’s Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry are continued to be cited by scientists in peer-reviewed articles and steadily increasing in citation counts.	5
Using the subfield categorisation from Cochrane review groups, we found larger differences across subfields than in the citing half-lives published by Journal Citation Reports.	4
Inspired by Journal Impact Factor, we used 3-year citation instead of cumulative citation.	3
Is the distribution of internationally coauthored papers over institutions a better predictor of domestically coauthored patterns of coauthorship relations, or is the domestic distribution a better predictor of the international one?	1
The current analysis focused on two important aspects of the process of correcting the scientific literature when publication integrity is compromised, timeliness and informativeness.	5
Keywords Integration between theory and application · Betweenness centrality Article path distance.	0
Subsequently, we compare the resulting topic distribution of each title to every other title with cosine similarity.	3
Second, an online questionnaire was sent through the heads of research to academics in these institutions.	2
Eligible study participants consisted of journal editors of biomedical journals including all specialties, referring to individuals who were at the time of the interview involved in the communication process between authors and peer reviewers and/or who were in a position to decide about the fate of manuscripts.	2
It is clear from this and other studies that immigrants (here, people with names of foreign ethnicity or national origin) are making a substantial contribution to the scientific output of their host nations.	5
Since MHq does not match its original description in the literature, we propose a new indicator, the Mantel-Haenszel row risk ratio (MHRR), to meet that need.	1
To cite this article: Bj??rn Ortelbach, Sebastian Schulz & Svenja Hagenhoff (2008) Journal Prices Revisited: A Regression Analysis of Prices in the Scholarly Journal Market, Serials Review, 34:3, 190-198	0
Taekwondo research indexed in the WoS has been mainly developed collaboratively among authors, institutions and countries.	5
On top of the above indices Ioannidis et al. (2016) introduced a composite score c, which is a sum of six aforementioned indicators (standardized and log-transformed).	3
This paper is organized as follows: Section 1 introduces, Section 2 summarizes the literature review, Section 3 discusses the research methodology, Section 4 presents the results of the empirical analysis,	0
Further details about the “Wayback Machine” can be found at: https://archive.org/web/.	0
We had three main research questions in this citation context analysis.	1
Overall, experienced male researchers were over-represented on the sites studied.	4
The basis of the estimation of propensity scores for multiple treatments is a multinomial multiple regression as an extension of a logistic regression to more than two groups.	3
The diagram shows the quarterly moving averages, to filter chance fluctuations.	0
In our study, Citation Rate (RCR), a new metric that uses citation rates to measure influence at the paper level, was used to locate the most impactful papers.	3
Overall, we believe that WEIG can be used to assess the effectiveness of fund allocation to research grants by public agencies.	5
Trends over time and comparisons between both journals were noted for common bibliometric variables (number of authors, references, pages, citations, and corresponding author position) as well as author gender and continental origin.	1
One dataset consists of publications in the field of Library and Information Science (LIS) and the other dataset consists of publications in the field of Text Mining.	2
The complete illustration could not fit on a single page, therefore only the core single terms and their strengths of association are provided.	0
Such highest citations come from Turkey (24.16%), then China (7.20%) addressed papers.	4
The aim of this paper is to empirically study the NI as a new ranking method in more detail and to provide possible improvements.	1
From our set of features, which terms serve as the strongest distinguishing features between each pair of disciplines (through increased frequency in dissertation abstracts from one discipline or the other)?	1
We demonstrated this procedure using data from 4359 individuals aged 50+ at Wave 2 (2004-2005) of the English Longitudinal Study of Ageing (ELSA).	2
In the view of author-keyword analyses, the scopes of Symmetry are constantly enriching and no longer limited to the symmetry phenomena in the fields of physics and chemistry.	5
Three freely available tools, Excel, Perish or Publish and the R package Bibliometrix, are used for the purpose.	3
Then, we retrieved research articles from Digital Science's Dimensions platform based on the journal list (Digital Science, 2018).	2
Regarding within-discipline adoption, the evidence shows that the level of manipulation differs across disciplines and that disciplines seem to specialize; some relying more heavily on one strategy while other disciplines more frequently use another.	4
Perhaps the most straightforward approach for operationalizing social science variables from website data is to construct variables by counting relevant words, keywords, and phrases.	3
Using a multivariate analysis model and correlation studies showed that several bibliometric factors neither correlated with citation scores nor altmetric scores.	5
Our data set was constructed in two steps, as illustrated in Figure 1.	2
Considering annual growth the year span between 2017 to 2021, (44.96%) is the most productive period and the period between 2002–2006 (7.58%) is the lowest productive period in the organic farming research.	5
On average, the IRC literature have received 20% more citations than the world publications (Fig.	4
The experimental results on the Association of Computational Linguistics (ACL) Anthology Network data set demonstrate that this technique is effective and robust for locating relevant papers regarding normalised discounted cumulative gain (nDCG), precision and recall rates than several state-of-the-art approaches.	4
For the total 3,872 papers, sum of the times cited is 73,319, the h-index is 102, and the average citation per item is 18.94 times.	4
Academic medicine is experiencing an exponential increase in knowledge, evidenced by approximately 2.5 million new articles published each year.	1
Stage 1: approval of minimum entry requirements for basic level (level 1)	0
Our data reflect important changes in the profession, including the retirement or death of faculty with PhDs from the 1960s and earlier.	5
Since the data was gathered in the first half of 2017, the time lag varies from about 2 to 10 years, which is a factor of five difference.	4
The Scopus database was chosen as secondary data source for this study.	2
Based on the results of the analysis of the network, we can reasonably judge about the research directions presented in the articles.	5
Therefore, the indicator is constructed as a sum of two components: Ex ante performance orientation...	3
For descriptive statistics and sequence charting, SPSS version 23.0 was used.	3
APC data for 2016, 2015, 2014, and 2013 are primarily obtained from publishers' websites, a process that requires analytic skill as many publishers offer a diverse range of pricing options, including multiple currencies and/or differential pricing by article type, length or work involved and/or discounts for author contributions to editing or the society publisher or based on perceived ability to pay.	3
Received: 7 February 2019; Accepted: 22 March 2019; Published: 28 March 2019	0
The study is supported by empirical findings undertaken on secondary data retrieved from SCImago Journal and Country Ranking, which is entirely based on the SCOPUS data source (SCImago, 2014).	2
Leonie van Drooge, Catherine Chiong Meza, Thed van Leeuwen, and Ed Noyons provided additional valuable support during archival work.	0
The top 10 countries accounted for 79.9% of adult hip studies, the first five countries (US, UK, Japan, Canada, and Germany) for 64.6% and the USA for 34.3%.	4
In order to disentangle the role of the changing incentives system and the institutional features, such as promotion rules, we split the sample into two cohorts (Sloane & Ward 2001): over and under age 40 at the beginning of the exposure time in the observation of productivity.	1
In this communication, we use field-normalized bibliometric indicators from the latest (2013) release of SCImago Institutions Rankings World Reports to show that while the leading institutions from CSIR are showing a declining trend in the quality of research output, their counterparts from CAS are rapidly improving on both quality and quantity terms.	1
The scientific production of public research institutions is extracted from the Italian Observatory of Public Research (ORP)2, a database developed and maintained by the authors and derived under license from the Thomson Reuters WoS.	2
Following the partitioning, OpenRefine was utilized to efficiently extract the relevant data associated with Egyptian researchers from these smaller segmented files.	3
Regarding the main topic of the articles, bone anchorage was the most recurrent topic (7.2%), followed by topics related to bonding and bracket removal (5.7%), and topics related to archwires, resins, and dental materials (5%).	4
First, countries may be differentiated on the basis of those that use a formalized evaluation system and those that do not.	4
The details of implementing these techniques are discussed in Hummon and Doreian (1990).	0
To eliminate the effect that recently published articles have lower possibilities to be cited, we analyze all articles published prior to 2005.	2
We use a survey of scientists in the United States to test these hypotheses.	2
All authors certify that they have no affiliations with or involvement in any organization or entity with any financial interest or non-financial interest in the subject matter or materials discussed in this manuscript.	0
Although the biggest contribution for the publications on cervical plexus blocks was from the USA, the authors from the UK were the most frequent contributors.	5
In accordance with Einav/Yariv (2006) we conduct additional analyses on the paper-level, revealing a significantly lower mean initial of contributing authors of three-authored articles compared to two-authored articles in Economics (p < 0.1), but not in Finance.	3
To this purpose, a co-word analysis is performed and then the concepts are merged in a cluster using the simple centres algorithm techniques (Callon et al.	3
VGTU from Lithuania has 718 papers cited the JCEM publications, and it is far ahead of Brno University of Technology from Czech Republic and Islamic Azad University from Iran which are ranked second and third positions, respectively.	4
The results obtained show that sub-fields such as Ethics, Poetry, Cultural Studies or Asian Studies improve their visibility with the inclusion of journals in ESCI.	4
The third generation of EHFE is concerned with achieving a fully connected neural fit between equipment (e.g.	5
We chose Bibliometrix (Aria & Cuccurullo, 2017), a free R-based software for bibliometric studies, as our research tool primarily because it provided the so-called Three-Field Plots function that could put the relationships of three fields (references, cited sources,1 and keywords plus2 in our case) on a Sankey diagram.	3
The paper juxtaposes an ethnographic vignette of a major publisher's training webinar with detailed case-studies of two Nigerian commercial publishing houses.	2
research authored by authors from the same country).	4
Linguistically, English-speaking countries were preferred research partners in most bilateral UIG relationships.	4
The CRKN pilot reviewed the Wiley-Blackwell journal package.	1
The first most cited article “Platform competition in two-sided markets" [19], accounting for 956 citations, established a platform competition model within two-sided markets, and further analyzed the determinants of price allocation and end-user surplus for the two governance structures: for-profit platforms and not-for-profit platforms.	4
We applied three types of IBD, that is, FD, AD, and HD, as described in Milojevi? (2013) and Newman (2001), to the abovementioned data sets.	3
Therefore, authors of original articles might want to consider including their findings in the title and having longer titles.	5
The most effective screening algorithm was to average the OSI including quotations and references and the highest similarity score from a single source and to submit manuscripts with an average value of more than 12% for further review.	4
Partial survey responses were excluded, but those answering Prefer not to answer were not considered incomplete responses.	0
Scanning the predatory journals revealed that the Arab authors who publish in these journals were mainly from Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Jordon, Algeria, Palestine, Bahrain, and Oman.	4
There are 1354 journals (around 10% of the total) that have been awarded the Seal.	2
Meanwhile, UCINET6, Citespace and ArcGIS12.0 were utilized for collaborative, co-citation and spatial analysis respectively.	3
To cite this article: Rongrong Li, Xuefeng Wang , Yuqin Liu , Shuo Zhang & Omer Hanif (2020): Research status and collaboration analysis based on big data mining: an empirical study of Alzheimer's disease, Technology Analysis & Strategic Management, DOI: 10.1080/09537325.2020.1815693	0
Coauthorship increased at about one author per article per decade.	4
In the context of academic studies, discourse epistemetrics provides bibliometricians a powerful new dimension of measurement, both alone and in combination with the more traditional objects of study.	5
We found that second-order hybrid similarity measures calculated with a weighting factor of 0.6 for the citation-based similarity and a reduction to only the strongest values yield the best clustering results.	4
How similar are citation counts in GS to those found in WoS and Scopus, at the level of subjects?	1
Articles' topics were classified via the Library and Information Science topic classification (see Appendix B).	3
The literature quantitative research analysis consisted in the following main steps: (i) literature search based on Scopus online database; (ii) data extraction and analysis.	3
Yearly output in number of articles published of the two leading journals	0
The main purpose of this study was to compare the websites of Iranian medical academic libraries from the perspective of SEO components or visibility in Google, in addition to identifying the differences between SEO rules in the two general search engines of Google and Watson Smart.	1
(3) Are the citation rates affected by the Journal CiteScore, kind of the publication (original or review), and author-related variables, such as human development index from the authors ‘countries, the presence of one author with high h-index, and the presence of one author who is building a research line about this subject?	1
We tested correlation of the two sets of values from the WOS and Scopus samples, with SPSS version 21.	3
The journals in this sample had a mean of 10.7 positive indicators present with a standard deviation of 1.13.	4
The ordinary least squares (OLS) regression estimates of Equation (3) are presented in Table 3.	3
Percentage share of internationally co-authored publications and percentage share of international (non-domestic) visitors are completely uncorrelated (see Fig.	4
(2016), who extracted 36 central concepts from the Iranian Higher Education Upstream Documents.	2
The i10 index for each institute was calculated; this denotes the number of published papers (between 2010 and 2014) that have been cited at least 10 times since publication	3
It appears that these grants may play a role in keeping recipients interested in the academic surgical realm and involved in the society while simultaneously helping them advance in faculty rank.	5
Overall neither the number of monographs nor the number of journal articles is significantly increasing.	4
In Middle East, Turkey, Israel, and Iran have considerable ascending trends of diabetes publication.	5
Where the researcher was uncertain about an academic's Scopus record(s), a second researcher was consulted for resolution.	0
This paper looks at two well-respected cardio-thoracic journals and one general medical journal over the period of a decade to find out any major differences in content and referencing to warrant the fact that the general journal should be ranked far higher than the specialist journals.	1
The coefficient for degree centrality on research performance was positive and significant (β?	4
To better understand author contributions to current research, we distributed a survey regarding co-author contributions to a random selection of 996 lead authors of manuscripts published in ecological journals in 2010.	1
This study has contributed to the debate in general and the knowledge gap in the native context by assessing returned doctorate teaching practice and a complementary purpose to explore challenges that may hamper performance.	5
The data analysis, which uses scatter plots and Pearson p correlations between the two indicators, is performed using the STATA 12 statistical software package.	3
For example, about 90% of U.S. management faculty respondents admitted to HARKing (Bedeian et al., 2010) and 24% reported engaging in self-plagiarism (Necker, 2014).	4
In the network of the top 500 co-occurring keywords (Figure 3), the term "case study" most frequently co-occurred with "IS implementation" and "information technology", "Trust" co-occurred with "electronic commerce/business”, “virtual teams”, and “privacy”.	4
We sampled data for the period 2000–2012 (data to current indexing, not year-end).	2
Nonetheless we are confident that the effect is real and that the lack of statistical significance is due to the smaller sample size (n = 49)	0
Keywords-BRS-compactness, Networks, Hyperlinks, Internet, Citation networks, Collaboration graphs, Generalized Wiener index, Sum of distances in a graph.	0
Table 2 displays the means over the investigated period (1989-1998) for both research fields.	0
The most cited journals and common author keywords of three continents, including North America, Europe, and Asia, are also presented.	3
To understand the evolution of the importance of book reviews in the scholarly communication ecosystem of the social sciences and humanities, we retrieved data from the Social Science Citation Index and the Arts and Humanities Citation Index (produced by the firm Clarivate Analytics) for the 1975-2016 period (42 years of data).	2
The first round of Jiangsu high-level university construction basically reached the good level on the whole.	5
Acknowledgments: The authors would like to thank the two anonymous reviewers for their comments and suggestions.	0
But popularity on LinkedIn, designed to trigger and facilitate collaboration, only correlates with more co-authors.	4
Furthermore, a large association between the entity and scientific domain was discovered (0.85).	4
By using Weishu Liu's papers as an example, this article demonstrates that the quality of funding data in Web of Science is better than that in Scopus.	5
By construction, P(L = 1) = P(s = 1) and this quantity represent the percentage of one-hit wonders i.e., of actors whose career started and ended, according to IMDb, in the same year.	0
As such, these topics may represent good areas for future meeting programming, education, and communications activities by the ACS Committee on Ethics, chemical educators, faculty research mentors, and industrial managers.	5
Research productivity distributions are found to be asymmetrical at the field level, although the degree of skewness varies substantially among the fields within the aggregate disciplines.	4
5 The research content of the program supported by the NSFC in the field of "tumor radiotherapy"	0
Predictions for each of the years from 2002 to 2011 (k years ahead of 2001, with 1 ≤ k ≤ 10) were obtained by entering 2001 data into the equations in Table 1, yielding indices h+1, h+2,..., h+10 for comparison with the actual h indices on the corresponding years.	3
Citations are nearly equally divided among journalism (38 percent), other areas within communication studies (34 percent), and areas outside the discipline of communication studies (28 percent).	4
Controlling for continued collaboration with the supervisor reduces the estimated gender gap to 0.15 (+/- 0.15) publications, with a partial eta-squared effect size of 0.012, which also indicates that after the completion of doctoral studies the estimated gender gap in publication volume is related to supervisor behaviour.	4
Citations received by each manuscript in each year after publication were obtained from the Thompson Reuters Web of Science10 database between May 23, 2014, and February 17, 2015.	2
This paper sought to examine which nations are equipped with resistant capabilities that enabled them to protect against being affected by the COVID-19 pandemic crisis.	5
Still, our experimental results indicate that two to four generations are generally adequate to trace a work's scientific impact.	4
ResearchGate had by far the highest number of researchers present, with 569 (54.3%), whereas presence on the other sites was about 15%.	4
The data in this paper was derived from the Science Citation Index Extended Edition (SCIE) database, Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) database, and Conference Literature Citation Index Science Citation (CPCI) database in the WoSCC from Thomson Reuters.	2
Amongst the top 15 institutes in Central Asia, China has claim to 12 while Kazakhstan has two and Iran has one.	4
Free OA journals have a much lower percentage of grant-funded articles than APC OA journals.	4
We see that the smallest publishers—the single journal publishers—lose nearly one third of journals.	4
To quantify monotone trends we compute Spearman rank correlation ρ between the values of the metrics and the time axis: since the latter is monotonically increasing, strong correlation (either positive or negative) indicates presence of a trend in the metric (either increasing or decreasing, respectively) [28].	3
This article presents the site's characteristics, it criticizes that it might be perceived as a de-facto component of the Open Access movement, it replicates an analysis published in Science using its available usage data, but limiting it to Latin America, and presents implications caused by this site for information professionals, universities and libraries.	1
We used bibliometric and economic data in this study.	2
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
However, the RG Score does not show significant relationships with the raw number of full-texts and, contrary to expectations, of full-text reads.	5
Note: The data for China includes mainland China, Hong Kong and Macao.	0
Our sample consists of 145 Associate Professors and Full Professors at the University of Melbourne, Australia.	2
The I3-type publication score I3X and the citation score I3Y can be used as single numbers to integrate and represent the publication vector X and citation vector Y.	3
In conclusion, the volume of research is rising in parallel with the increasing global burden of disease due to type 2 diabetes mellitus.	5
The work classifies health research in nine subfields: Public Health, Environmental and Occupational Health, Health Management and Economics, Health Promotion and Health Behavior, Epidemiology, Health Policy and Services, Medicine, Health Informatics, Engineering and Technology, and Primary Care.	3
In the present methodological survey, scientific articles reporting studies that received the highest field-specific numbers of citations indexed in Web of Science (https://www.	2
Clustering algorithms were applied to keywords to identify thematic areas and their evolution.	3
Articles with stronger levels of evidence are more highly cited, with an increasing trend as evidence-based practice has been emphasized.	5
Second, in Models (5)-(12), ordinary least squares (OLS) regression is used to study the effect of funding measures on the proportion of papers on emerging topics for the respective funded project.	3
Details of these estimate are reported in the Appendix of this paper.	0
We revisit the analysis of Costanza et al. (2004, Ecological Economics) of influential publications in ecological economics to discover what has changed a decade on.	1
The foci of interest in one discipline may help disciplines with a less comprehensive research base to advance their scholarship more rapidly.	5
Therefore, we adopted a cosine similarity algorithm to compute the similarity scores between stage and global topics.	3
Current metrics of scientific productivity are aimed at measuring the quality of publications.	4
Unlike earlier observations about paper citation profiles, we were able to define six different types of citation profiles prevalent in the dataset we label PeakInit, PeakMul, PeakLate, MonDec, MonIncr, and Oth.	3
The GNN models are trained on the link prediction task, i.e., predicting whether two articles are linked by a citation, and therefore focus on the network properties.	3
This manuscript is dedicated to the memory of Guy Ben Ari, a close friend and colleague, and the inspiration for this research.	0
When we updated the initial values and weights of the MELIBEA formula to reflect the empirical association we had found, the score’s predictive power for mandate effectiveness doubled (0.36).	4
From these 120, only 101 were used in this study due to the low number of publications indexed in the Web of ScienceTM Core Collection (less than 10).	2
In the first part of the study, we analyzed six VR sessions conducted at AHRQ when Superstorm Sandy struck the US East Coast in late 2012.	3
Table 4, below, provides a column-by-column explanation of the APC and related information contributed by the research team in 2013, 2014, and 2015.	4
In this article, we illustrate an improved model for describing and evaluating the progress and uptake of clinical research in the peer-reviewed literature.	1
An h/year of 0.5 or greater is characteristic of the most productive EPs and represents only 10% of all AEPs.	5
Figure 1 Evolution of publications in health management research from 1999 to 2011.	0
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2016	0
Finally, we performed a word frequency count on article titles (the publication database does not include keywords or abstracts), as an elementary indication of change in research content and to compare with trends observed in fisheries science as a whole.	3
We find that about 80.88% articles contain contributed citations by co-authors in 26,366 articles and 75.55% articles among these articles are cited by the authors belonging to the same affiliation, indicating COI and suspected COI should not be ignored for evaluating impact of scientific papers objectively.	4
This surprising result potentially indi- cates that less democratic countries in the international system are reaping gains in scientific performance through increases in external complexity.	5
Our analysis reveals the query hit counts of ASEBDs.	4
By detecting the degree centralities of each core author, we found that the core authors who studied the most themes were Dongmei Xiao and Ke Qin.	4
Finally, 23 documents are identified as playing the pivotal role in its knowledge evolution as an intellectual base.	4
We used NetDraw to create sociograms detailing the co-authorship ties in the Center, and a statistical analysis program, IBM SPSS (Chicago), to identify which member attributes (discipline, institution and role) were correlated with collaboration.	3
Bibliometric analysis as introduced by Pritchard (1969) is a useful method for quantitative investigation of scientific activities based on the form and content of the scientific literature (Broadus, 1987).	3
By planning multinational research rather than regional studies, it may be suggested that researchers in underdeveloped or developing countries could also conduct more research on this subject.	5
The relative credit of co-authors of the paper Po is based on the vector C.	0
For theme analysis, we independently categorized and transcribed all articles by reviewing the title, abstract, and full manuscript.	3
We suggest drawing from public health models designed to prevent the spread of biological viruses and compare the strengths and weaknesses of the current governance model of professional self-regulation with a proposed public health governance model.	3
A total of 129 papers were published until the beginning of the 21st century, indicating a relatively low volume of academic contributions during that period.	4
In the past month, the UK academic staff read, on average, 25 articles (M=24.84, SD=38.32).	4
As shown in Table 1, the average APC value increases with the IF interval; however, APC values vary widely within each IF interval.	4
The empirical part of the study involves an analysis of two leading platforms: Impactstory and ResearchGate.	1
Do the topics of interest in Buddhist studies have regional and temporal differences?	1
The survey issued to Non-Tenure-Track Faculty and Researchers replaced references to promotion and tenure dossiers with references to annual performance reviews.	0
The long term perspective allowed people to be more ambitious and more daring and that resulted in good studies.	4
this study identifies 21 key measures that can be used in the ranking of Iranian universities.	4
From the databases, journal articles with a focus on RecSys research in China were gathered by searching keywords "recommendation" in both Chinese and English languages.	2
Furthermore, the mean citation age is determined by subtracting the mean year of the references from the year of publication of the review.	3
Data for the analysis was collected using Harzing's "Publish or Perish" software from Google Scholar and presented using VOSviewer software.	2
Our results show that (i) citations decrease with distance, (ii) citations exhibit a significant home bias greater than 1.68, i.e.	4
In the case shown here (dataset for V of table 1 of Schreiber1?), we see that the fractional values are smaller than the whole counting values.	4
Comparisons used the Mann- Whitney U test, and medians are presented (also occasionally means for comparison).	3
Bradford's Law of Scattering was also tested using the data sorted by times cited.	3
This study indicated that the major focus of hospitality research remains dominated by the micro-environment, particularly when examining various stakeholders' cognitive, affective, and behavioral intentions.	5
Correspondence should be addressed to Attila Jámbor, Assistant Professor, Department of Agricultural Economics and Rural Development, Corvinus University of Budapest, F?vám tér 8., Budapest 1093, Hungary.	0
As shown in the Table 1 the scientific publications originating from work at LHC contribute less than 2% to the total benefits.	4
This section analyzes the research approach employed, coded as 1 = quantitative, 2 = qualitative, 3 = mixed methods, and 4 = theoretical.	3
The article by Govindasamy and Italia (1998), “A willingness-to-purchase comparison of integrated pest management and conventional produce,” is far and away the most widely cited paper.	4
This paper has provided valuable insights into the ways in which ECRs publish their research and the ethics attached to it.	5
However, despite this similarity of the structures and the recurring patterns of publications following each outbreak, the magnitude of the rate of scholarly research prompted by the 2019 Novel Coronavirus outbreak remains a striking phenomenon, arguably, unique in the history of scientific publication.	5
The effect of perceptions of referee severity is the natural consequence of what we have seen in the preceding table: if authors expect RA journal referees to be more severe than those of OA journals, and severity is an indicator of quality, they will prefer to submit their best work to RA journals.	5
Without any prompting from the interviewers about the topic of inclusion, four out of the six Pls claimed that they attempted to be “inclusive” or “generous” when deciding who should be included as an author on their team's publications.	4
In this case, Word-of-Mouth Marketing (WOMM) is used as the search equation for the time period from January 2001 to August 22, 2017.	2
To ensure comparability with former results, Economics journals are selected as in van Praag/van Praag (2008), according to eleven different journals.	2
The analysis reveals that Science & Technology and Health Sciences dominate the gold OA landscape, while Arts & Humanities and Social Sciences remain underrepresented.	4
Proof: Suppose that the index of faculty in D1 is {d1, d2, .	0
Grieve Chelwa (2021) Does economics have an 'Africa problem'?, Economy and Society, 50:1, 78-99, DOI: 10.1080/03085147.2021.1841933	0
Based on a content analysis of 84 journals listed in the Journal Citation Report, we show that diverse editorial boards are more likely to publish more diverse research articles, based on the country of origin of the first author and on where the data were collected.	2
We believe that the faculty members' significant role in RCR has been overlooked, diminished, and/or ignored by the institutions.	5
For this purpose, we use an order of languages according to how often various languages were cited in documents written in English, indexed by Microsoft Academic, and published in the years 2015–2019.	2
For the diffusion speed at the individual level, the virality is significantly faster than the broadcasting, as shown in Figure 11.	4
Two serious errors were found in this database: the Book Citation Index does not retrieve all citations for books and chapters; and book citations do not include citations to their chapters.	4
In addition, constructing Markov chains and spatial Markov chains further examines the stability of the NQPKE.	3
Distribution of Spanish journals in the JCR of (SSCI and SCI)* according to year and quartile.	0
Various alternative measures to assess quality of journals and researchers have been proposed.	3
The university should also create mechanisms for building intrinsic motivation and address the extrinsic factors in order to catapult research productivity.	5
Chinese studies, is (a) to verify the effectiveness of various bibliometric and altmetric indicators for the evaluation of book impact and the relationships between different indicators, and (b) to establish a method that can be applied to the use of altmetric indicators to evaluate books on a large scale.	1
And we borrow Porter and colleagues' measure of integration (equivalent to the Rao-Stirling Index of Diversity) to capture interdisciplinary research.	3
Cluster analysis was used to sort out the selected ISI journals into two main groups based on the birth of publications and the concepts of first-late comer advantages (See Table 1).	3
In terms of journals, there are about 6500 titles at eLIBRARY.RU which are active, fully covered and indexed.	2
We can observe that about 65% of total output of Central Universities during the 25-year period is contributed by four older Universities (DU, BHU, AMU and UoH) only.	4
The article ends with key recommendations for future consideration which include a focus on open scholarly infrastructure.	5
We find that as researchers continue to publish in top journals, there is more likely to be a decreasing trend in the relative citation impact with each subsequent publication.	4
The usefulness of early Mendeley readers as citation impact indicators can be seen by the correlations with 2017 citations correlating more highly with 2016 readers (Table 3) than with 2016 citations (Table 3).	4
Finally, we show that the arrival of new peers does not only affect productivity overall, but also induces movements in the fields of research.	4
Results showed a total of 487 theses (97.4 theses/year) and more than 1358 papers published in Web of Science.	4
We included articles that are published in four journals in the area of ethnobiology: two open access journals (Ethnobotany Research and Applications and the Journal of Ethnobiology and Ethnomedicine) and two closed access journals (Economic Botany and the Journal of Ethnopharmacology).	2
Hence, publications with exceptional long-term impact appear to be the hardest to recognize on the basis of their early citation patterns.	4
The next step in the analyses was to, in the same model, introduce the explanatory factors of the time devoted to different job tasks (research time, teaching and clinical work) assessed in the 2009 employee survey.	0
A bibliometric search was performed using Scopus (Elsevier, Amsterdam, the Netherlands) over a 10-year period, from January 2009 to December 2018 (T.W.).	2
This paper comprehensively uses the bibliometric analysis and social network analysis to study the literature cooperation status of Chinese Business School at top international journals of management disciplines.	3
Regression analysis was used to determine the effect of impact and was similarly appropriate when considering categorical and continuous predictors.	3
Network analysis and regressions were computed with the assistance of UCINET 6 software (Borgatti et al., 2002).	3
Based on the result, random forest model performed the best in terms of accuracy and cross-validation, achieving an accuracy of 85.3% on the test set and an average score of 85.7% in the 10-fold cross-validation.	4
An institution received credit for an article based solely on the affiliation listed on the publication.	0
The results provide some guidance as to the expected h-indices of a select group of medical educators.	5
All articles were categorized by the field of research including instability/stability, tennis elbow, fracture, distal biceps brachii tendon, ulnar neuritis, arthroplasty, and others.	3
Presented in part at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Washington, DC, September 29-October 2, 1996.	0
We recommend that funding bodies transparently position themselves as either project-based or career-based, and clearly communicate in those terms.	5
As part of the questionnaire, we asked respondents to include a current copy of their curricula vitae with the completed survey.	0
The ranking methods used are Additive Ratio Assessment (ARAS), Multi-Attributive Border Approximation Area Comparison (MABAC), and The Technique for Order of Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS).	3
The vertical axis represents the proportion of male and female staff members in percentages while the horizontal axis shows department positions on the QS list (from 1 to 100)	0
To achieve this, the authors utilized bibliometric indexes to evaluate the prominence of various psychological sub-disciplines (such as cognitivism, psychoanalysis, and behaviorism) over a specific time-period.	3
This basic model is extended by considering the impact factor of the journals from the previous year as one of the inputs of the model.	3
Momena Khatun from the Department of Communication and Learning in Science (CLS) at Chalmers University of Technology for their assistance regarding the gender detection of authors.	0
The behaviour of the journals in the impact factor list of mathematics (Fig.	4
Of the 33 journals reviewed, 76% (25) mentioned a form of “publishing ethics policy" on the journal site, in the documentation, or linked to information on the overarching publisher site, while 24% (8), all six from professional organizations and 2 from university presses, did not.	4
We then classified each author by gender when possible by confirming the author's gender identity on websites and used the database Scopus to obtain all publication metrics relating to their whole publishing career in any journal for those authors that could be disambiguated from other authors with similar names.	2
3 The figure above is a visualized image of citations of the theses and clusters of the theses formed by the method above.	0
It is calculated by dividing the number of citations to articles published in a given year by the number of articles published in that year.	3
Bibliometrics is a scientific discipline that studies quantitatively the bibliographic material of a particular topic.	3
Dr Ailawadi has the following disclosures that do not pertain to this study: Consultant/Advisory Board: Med- tronic, Abbott, Edwards Lifesciences, Cephea; Speakers Bureau/Honoraria: Admedus.	0
Any views expressed are solely those of the author(s) and so cannot be taken to represent those of the Bank of England or to state Bank of England policy.	0
The Press is confident that the recent and future changes to the publishing processes and platforms used will be fit for purpose and yield positive results including a streamlined workflow, increased discoverability, an improved level of service for authors and editors, an improved reader experience, and ultimately, a steady and measurable increase in downloads and citations.	5
What are the most frequent types of comment?	1
After removing such papers, the dataset contained 499 research documents, out of which 220 research documents were co-cited in 279 cited-by documents.	2
We first develop an organizing framework that integrates three complementary dimensions of DoL: (1) the specialization of individual team members, (2) the distribution of activities across team members, and (3) interdependencies between activities.	3
Published online 1 November 2007 in Wiley InterScience (www.interscience.wiley.com) DOI: 10.1002/smj.659	0
This study advances our understanding of teamwork coaching in the research development (RD) process by analyzing proposal support in a U.S. Medical School (2009–2019).	1
First, there is a consistent cascading pattern of how a DSM version is cited over its own history from Version 3.	4
To bridge the aforementioned research gap, the present study aims to answer the following research questions: (1) How do mainland Chinese and Hong Kong universities address student plagiarism?	1
The majority of the invitations emphasized the speed and ease of the publication process, promising “guaranteed publication” and “waived publication costs.”	4
Number of articles and impact indicators were tested for normality by the Shapiro-Wilk test, and Spearman's rank correlation analyses were employed to assess the relationships between the variables.	3
We study the attachment rules isolated from growth using Markov processes (Ghahramani, 2005).	3
graduates who never received GiA grants left academic careers.	3
The raw data thus retrieved (i.e., number of papers published and number of citations received by each paper) were used to compute the two-sided h index for each researcher.	0
The authors conclude that there are three criteria for successful international CELJs: increased visibility, good editorial boards, and international publishing partnerships.	5
We reflect on the importance of overcoming organisational asymmetries in collaborative interactions through installing feedback loops, and through the particular roles of boundary organisations, boundary objects, and practical tools that can help steer iterative collaborative interactions towards positive impact.	5
1 Share of monograph authors per number of monographs for the humanities and the social sciences (2000–2011)	0
To bridge this gap, we first constructed the fine-grained citation networks based on the PubMed and Web of Science (WOS) databases, then extracted the ego-centered networks of scientific knowledge, and finally employed Exponential Random Graph Models (ERGMs) to analyze the factors influencing the formation of Ego-centered Fine-granularity Citation Networks (EFCNs), taking into account the endogenous network structure and exogenous knowledge attribute variables.	3
However, we know little about the different ways in which a study can be cited; in particular, are papers cited to point out their merits or their flaws?	1
The final citation data for our two datasets were retrieved from WoS on the 20th and 21st of August 2020 and were then further augmented with the most up-to-date ESI field baselines for citation rates and percentile rank classes.	2
Thus, we arrive at the almost paradoxical conclusion that the citation-based metric (NCI) may be used as an excellent proxy for peer-reviewed measurements of institutional scientific strength but it is only a poor proxy for measures of quality.	5
On this basis, we encourage Cochrane authors to copublish their reviews and we believe that copublication may be a “win-win-win" for practitioners, journals, and patients.	5
We found that research misconduct is the main driver of retractions.	5
(10) does not distribute all the probability mass between the groups whereas Eq.	5
Our results are based on a mixed quantitative/qualitative survey of software engineering authors and reviewers.	3
Our analysis of the retracted articles showed that simulation, genetic algorithms, mechanical properties, optimisation, adsorption, microstructures, components, neural networks, support vector machines, compressive strength, and data mining are considered the main themes in the retracted technology articles during the past 20 years.	5
Does the distribution of CBP of MIS articles and the distribution of degree centrality in the structure of an international collaborative network follow a power law with exponents in the range of 2 < α < 3?	1
We collected data from 57 US academic CT surgical groups (663 surgeons), including H index and institutional role of each surgeon, ranking by US News & World Report (USNWR) and NIH funding, and designation as department versus division.	2
The original network is created by histcite [36] using the data from WoS.	2
We conducted the empirical analysis using the dataset constructed based on Web of Science (WoS), Altmetric.com, and Twitter API in May 2020.	2
For the three-dimensional keyword network analysis, the above four types of networks are created in this study, but only the first one (RFP-country network) is presented in this paper, since the other three networks are too complicated and can only be analyzed by computer.	0
Citation density (citation count/ the number of years since the paper was published) and the average citation were also analyzed.	3
These articles are categorized using MSC (Mathematics Subject Classification) by two major mathematical reviewing databases, I.e Mathematical Reviews and Zentralblatt MATH.	2
The implicit ‘rules of exchange’ between co-authors can be conceived of as at the root of sense-making of collaborative activities.	5
After obtaining the location α and scale β parameters from the fitting procedure, we compute for each field the re-scaled time:	3
A detailed picture, however, could not be completed without a total verification of publication data, which is still in progress.	0
Certain correlations were found between recommendation level and citedness, but a scaled mapping showed no linear relationship between the two measurements.	4
One thousand two hundred and sixty-nine items were obtained from our search query from 1955 to 2022; these received 15,485 citations, originated from 78 countries.	2
Therefore, the authors are interested in the experiences and attitudes towards posting and using preprints in the Global South as opposed to the Global North.	1
To address the selection effect the estimations are done using Poisson regressions, see Section 4.	3
Overall, 1522 studies were included; of those, 869 (57.1%) were before flipping and 653 (42.9%) were after flipping.	4
Abebe Bekele and other members of the staff and faculty at the University for their support of this work.	0
In terms of output and impact, iS-GS is growing at an 18% rate and has been driven by global announcements and summits since environmental governance improves research production.	5
The developed process includes metadata harvesting from Scopus, Web of Science, Dimensions and Unpaywall using a custom-made R script.	3
This is a quantitative study employing bibliometric techniques.	3
In fact, of those 164 titles, 130 were cited only once, results that largely conform to the Bradford distribution.	0
Data were obtained from Scimago Lab, sorted using Scopus database, and tagged as OA/non-OA using the DOAJ list.	2
This article set out to answer two questions: What does it take to attain eminence in textbooks?	1
For each policy document platform, we randomly selected five records from its policy document mention data.	2
A webometric analytical approach to track scientific software use and interest has been proposed in this work.	5
However, we have some questions here: Whether gender bias is one of the key elements driving the success?	1
This article demonstrates the usefulness of bibliometrics to address key evaluation questions and to establish priorities, define future areas of research, and develop breast cancer control strategies in Mexico.	5
The results revealed that the factors found to be enriching research productivity, though the impact is negligible, are patent rights, funding for tertiary education, information technology, and publications.	4
The 14.65 average page length of an article has varied from a low of 10.98 in Volume 11 to a high of 22.56 in Volume 26.	4
3 Distribution of the conditional mean citation rate (MOCRIF+) over journals based on the 3-year citation window 2006-2008 and fractional citation counts	0
Preregistration combined with logging of study progress preserves the freedom of the explorer and the power of serendipity.	5
The k can be any positive number and its value is proportional to the size of the resultant network.	0
Thus, the authors designed a series of altmetrics workshops aimed at seeding conversations around novel ways to track the impact of researchers' diverse scholarly and creative outputs.	1
Summing up the evidence presented in the first four columns of Table 3, we do not find empirical evidence that the local research environment affects individual productivity.	5
Although the results cannot prove causality, they are consistent with the notion that the “publish or perish” culture motivates researchers to violate research norms.	5
In this paper, we employ Microsoft Academic Graph as our data source, and propose two correlation metrics, by which over 20,000 scientists' publication sequence from the computer science field are analyzed.	2
The author of this study then visited the websites of these 186 SCI journals, 170 SSCI journals, 104 CSCD journals, and 61 CSSCI journals to manually record the numbers of issues per year, articles per issue, and other data in Excel files.	3
Covariance analysis was used for comparison of two correlation tests.	3
Most researchers agreed with the NIH criteria and grant authorship to individuals who draft the manuscript, analyze and interpret data, and propose ideas.	4
For the selected academic inventors, we collected all publication data from the ISI-Web of Science (ISI-WoS), from 1975 to 2003.	2
Two approaches were employed to detect (di) similarities between IM and KM, in this case, 'overlay mapping' and 'topic detection'.	3
The other two are Flanders (Belgium) and Norway, representing Western Europe and the Nordics, respectively.	1
We analyzed 3,156 researchers affiliated to Mexican National Researchers System with publication data from 2007 to 2016.	2
The sample consisted of 3,066 articles, published inclusively from 2005 to 2009 in 18 disciplinary social work journals.	2
Conceptual framework: Stylised process model of long-term international collaboration in nano S&T.	0
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm	0
We studied the longitudinal productivity of 549 research groups varying in disciplinary heterogeneity, institutional heterogeneity, and size.	2
The population for the study included all the research scientists at the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research-Crops Research Institute (CSIR-CRI) located in Kumasi, in the Ashanti Region of Ghana.	2
Here we have examined the recently repackaged concept of 'impact' through emerging narratives and counter-narratives.	5
Only a few journal titles stood out in the data, with Persuasions: The Jane Austen Journal and English Literary History being prominent in both the data from sample books and the data from sample book articles.	4
Bibliometrics can be defined as the quantitative study of scholarly publications, in terms of authorship of articles, prestige of the journals where they are published, and the number of times articles are cited after the date of publication.	3
1 School of Public Health, College of Health Sciences, Addis Ababa University	0
From 1979 onwards, the cognitive school has been the most dominant subdiscipline and has consistently maintained its position without being surpassed by any other subdiscipline.	4
Women’s and men’s coauthor networks are of similar size.	4
Designed for use in the empirical study of risk perception and science communication, OSI_2.0 comprises items intended to measure a latent capacity to recognize and make use of valid scientific evidence in everyday decision-making.	1
The number of papers published per year were significantly increased during this period (P=0.000).	4
Linear regression and one-way ANOVA were used for analysis.	3
Preclinical articles, primarily in the field of neurologic MR imaging, were highly represented in the top 100 cited articles in the medical imaging literature.	5
The combined sample consisted of 613 tenured and tenure-track faculty members from the social, natural, and applied sciences representing all 100 of the most research-intensive universities in the United States.	2
In conclusion, this idea of RI, RID and GRID has a wide scope as it can be applied to all journals, irrespective of their speciality.	5
In order to only consider main articles, this study only uses "articles” and “reviews”.	2
Table 4 Robustness Checks (Same models as above, but with dummies for all disciplines)	0
Repository managers recognise the attractions of sites like Academia and ResearchGate, acknowledging that repositories “are kind of the ugly sisters - they don't look great, they don't ...	4
A keyword analysis of the citing papers revealed research dealing with topological insulators as one of the major newly evolving research topics.	4
For active titles currently listed in the DOAJ, 87% are indexed by at least one of the four benchmark databases, 70% are indexed by two or more databases, and 49% are indexed by three or more databases.	4
Despite these limitations, our proposal of a citation-based measure that is time invariant and free from discipline bias allows us to compare the impact of papers across years and disciplines.	5
Each group follows a general methodology and typically has some common steps of procedures that they go through.	0
Finally, I thank my audience at the annual meeting of the Canadian Society for the History and Philosophy of Science, and the philosophy departments at the University of Saskatchewan, University of Mississippi, Trent University and the University of Guelph, to whom I presented earlier versions of the paper.	0
The pattern of emergence exhibited by research on graphene is one where a significant amount of research occurred for many years in which graphene was a secondary or boundary topic.	4
Among current APSA members, there have been 83 independent investigators receiving grants, representing 13% of the current APSA membership, with 171 independent grants funded through various mechanisms.	4
Overall (considering both databases and all indicators), the UK leads the academic innovation policy research rankings, followed by the Netherlands, the USA, Germany, Sweden, Spain, and Denmark.	4
In our study, we sought to use the Scopus Library database to determine which articles published in medical imaging journals have been cited most often.	1
It is easy to see that less concentration means more multidisciplinarity.	0
It follows that the quality of a scientific article of today would depend on the prestige of the periodical in which it is published and the number of times the article is cited in literature (Cunha-Melo et al.	0
The objective was to contextualise citation indices in health care science, juxtaposed with a parallel analytic paper.	1
Another one was the minimum spanning tree (MST) method, which was introduced by R.	3
Our model is constructed using a hybrid relatedness measure composed of direct citation (DC) and textual SA scores.	3
We analysed the materials generated through conference ethnography with a focus on motives and pragmatic/performative patterns in valuation.	3
This procedure helped us obtain 63 valid responses (after eliminating duplicities and incomplete forms) of academics in Spain (23), Brazil (12), Portugal (10), Argentina (8), Mexico (4), Colombia (4) and Ecuador (2).	2
1548 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—August 2007	0
Table 4 showed that first authorship (“au.key”) had a statistically significant coefficient.	4
Less than half of the authors publish in Web of Science.	5
To this end, the bibliographic database PASCAL is used, which provides a broad multidisciplinary coverage of about 20 million records.	3
Coverage quantifies the proportion of scholarly papers that have recorded at least one instance of a specific type of data.	3
After those with ambiguous data (i.e., same river names with different locations) were removed, 95 river basins and a total of 190577 publications covering 216 disciplines were finally used for further analysis.	2
For the new journal (less than 5 years from being launched), partner is not recommended, or conditionally recommended that it has enough money.	5
There are many environmental agents that increase the risk to which an embryo, fetus, or newborn baby is exposed.	0
In fact, early-career female dropouts are now approaching or even surpassing the impact of their male counterparts in most fields.	4
Second, the two senior researchers independently (i) identified pieces of text providing instructions or information to reviewers—named ‘micro categories’—and (ii) assigned them to one of the nine macro categories.	3
A limitation of the current study is that the study is cross-sectional and self-reported.	5
In addition, 135 LIS doctoral advisors of these dissertations, as well as their dissertations and publications (2153 first-authored papers), were collected from China National Knowledge Infrastructure to identify their research background.	2
Statistical analysis was conducted via descriptive, logistic regression, and multivariate modeling.	3
The prewar period, in contrast, remains largely unexplored, leaving historians without a clear understanding of how the practice evolved in the crucial period during which the journal was undergoing major transformations by becoming one of the most important physics periodicals in the world.	1
Scopus APIs were used to retrieve each paper along with its authors in March 2018.	2
Acknowledgments The paper was supported by National Natural Science Foundation of China (Grant No.	0
To the authors’ knowledge, the proposed method is the first one for thematic comparison of researches based on an indicator.	5
Do search engine query data as reported through Google Trends correlate with business performance and business position measures.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
In order to identify authors, we used Scopus author ID which enable us to track the international mobility of authors (Aman, 2018b).	2
We followed a cocitation approach (Chen, 2006; Small, 1973) to construct the tag network.	3
Our results suggest the following findings: first, social scientists' self-reporting of total numbers of collaborations and numbers of interdisciplinary collaboration suggest that interdisciplinary collaborations constitute a very considerable part of overall collaborative activity.	5
Received: 16 December 2019 / Accepted: 14 December 2020 / Published online: 25 February 2021	0
This was the same sample of neurosurgeons as was used in Part I.	2
The paper with higher intellectual base has a higher possibility to be highly-cited, whereas a low possibility to be un-cited.	4
(3) The third factor relates to the journal timeliness, because Cited half-life is a measure of citation survival measuring the number of years, going back from the current year that covers 50% of the citations in the current year of the journal [14].	4
The objective of this work is to carry out a bibliometric analysis of scientific production on peri-implant diseases.	1
Once past the first year, authors’ academic lifetime tends to exhibit a geometric distribution (with β = 0.97), thus not reflecting any definitive impacts of various stages (graduate school, postdoctoral, pre-tenure and post-tenure).	4
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Standard statistical tests (x2 and Student t tests) were performed.	3
The HJ-Biplot enables us to study these variances concluding that this kind of association produces synergies and outputs with higher levels of collaboration and impact.	5
It is true that the number of real Gold Open Access is still small compared to the total number of scholarly journals world-wide, and even smaller if reduced to JCR-indexed titles.	5
We propose indicators to measure different aspects of independence: two assessing whether a researcher has developed an own collaboration network and two others assessing the level of thematic independence.	1
The median total score was 26 (21–30) [portion of positive answers 0.63 (0.51–0.73)].	4
Thirty-two of 53 CC-CHOC members (60%) responded and all nonresponder Websites were reviewed.	2
In contrast to the number of publications, publication points per researcher have actually fallen over the period, with significant declines both overall and for professors, PhD students, and ‘other’ positions.	4
For each journal, the following information was collected: number of issues published per year, whether the journal was indexed on PubMed, total number of letters and letters written by medical students.	3
Of particular interest is whether a single measure can truly reflect overall performance across a variety of production activities (relating to teaching and research).	1
Specifically, only 44% knew how to access ETDs through their institutions' ETD digital libraries and only 18% knew how to access ETDs in a national or international ETD collection.	4
After the 10 years period, productivity of male researchers has grown faster than of female researcher, but the field normalized (relative) citation impact indicators of male and female researchers remain about equal.	4
Collectively 41,960 web pages and 49,740 inlinks were found in top-ten Pakistani universities' websites.	4
Figure 3C shows that the effects of funding on publications that include the PI as author are substantially lower and, interestingly, much closer to the ones found by (18), who consider PIs as their unit of analysis.	4
The type and field of study were determined according the method described by Fardi et al.9	3
Further, strategic diagram and conceptual evolution map highlight the most researched themes in the domain - Santalum album.	5
The average of the attachment exponents in the co-authorship network is 0.30 while it is 0.29 in the citation network.	4
(2) What are the “sleeping-waking” characteristics of SBPF and what is the relationship between SBPF and SBP?	1
The Lorenz curve is a ranked distribution of the cumulative percentage of the population of recipients on the abscissa versus the cumulative percentage of the resource distributed along the ordinate axis.	0
The Iranian researches have published mostly (266 documents) in “Iranian Journal of Parasitology", and the most of the documents belong to “Tropical Medicine" subject field.	4
Values of the hjif2-index ranged from 0.541 (LOGIC) to 8.459 (ONCOLOGY), whereas those for the hjif5-index ranged from 0.603 (LOGIC) to 8.532 (PHYSICS, CONDENSED MATTER).	4
Although usage information on bibliometric indicators is not comprehensively collected and analyzed, it seems appropriate to assume that the JIF is among the most frequently used indicators in a journal or research assessment context.	4
There are now 435 CELJs, of which 62.3% are published in association with a western publisher.	4
The aim of the current study was to investigate the scientific production in asbestos research evaluating temporal trend, geographic distribution, impact factor (IF) of published literature, and taking into account socioeconomic variables.	1
Regarding productivity, descriptive statistics were used for data analysis in relation to the distribution of articles, authors, institutions and countries per decade as well as the distribution of articles per decade, subject, research area and journal.	3
Keywords such as “supercritical CO2 extraction”, “essential oils", "aromatic plants”, and “medicinal plants” were utilized in a structured query to ensure the retrieval of relevant articles.	2
In general, high-impact articles are significantly more inclined to show polynomial-type curves than high-quality ones in this research.	4
All Korean papers written in English that were published in 2009 and 2014 in KoreaMed Synapse were identified.	2
The findings of the current study could assist the experts in the fields of toxicology, pharmacology, and emergency medicine to identify the global research trends and patterns of digoxin toxicity and to offer a basis for future research directions.	1
Having examined the relationship among citation, collaboration and subject areas, linear regression models were run.	3
Keywords Citations · Bibliographical database · Indexing · Bibliometric data · Journal impact factor	0
The age of each reference is calculated as the difference between the year of the publication of the article containing the reference and the year of the cited document.	3
In this paper, a theoretical relationship between the scientific impact of a research paper and the citations it receives is established.	1
The results show significant gender differences both on the level of participation and on the level of communication behaviour: Lectures delivered by men achieved higher attendance figures than lectures by women due to gender-selective attendance behaviour of men; women were under-represented in the role of session chair; men tended to dominate the discussion rounds after the presentations, they took the floor more often and talked longer; the session chairs' gender exercised a decisive influence on who participated in the discussions, there was a clear tendency towards gender homophily; in general, discussion activity was higher after presentations by women, because women then participated in the discussions significantly more often and for longer periods of time.	4
The purpose of this study is to identify the core journals used by graduate students in doctoral research in sociology at the Pennsylvania State University (PSU).	1
Engineering T cells to express this particular mutation-reactive T cell receptor may extend adoptive cell immunotherapy to a larger pool of patients than previously anticipated.	5
The United States was the country that has published more works in collaboration with other countries (Fig.	4
Here, we use citation metrics to compare the research performance of marketing academics and marketing departments in the top 500 universities in the Academic Ranking of World Universities that are based in Australia and New Zealand, Canada, the United Kingdom and the USA.	1
Chi-square test was used to study the association between presence of funding in a study and its outcome (significant/nonsignificant).	3
This design, known as the 'in-vitro approach' (Derrick 2018), was developed as a way of compensating for the difficulty of observing peer review panel processes directly, including the REF2014.	3
The author has no conflicts of interest to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
More research is needed to better understand the challenges and opportunities that OA presents in knowledge production, especially in Global South contexts that tend to be overlooked in global debates on knowledge production, consumption and dissemination.	5
The former is best-in-class benchmarking that involves studying the leading competitor category; the latter is strategic benchmarking that involves observing how other scientific subject categories compete.	5
A search of research papers on liposomal doxorubicin (TITLE: (liposom*) AND TOPIC:(doxorubicin); Timespan = All years; Indexes = SCI-EXPANDED, SSCI, A&HCI, CPCI-S, CPCI-SSH) was made in the Web of Science (WoS) [25] as for February 2014.	2
Which constructs of intention are statistically significant predictors of science pre-service teachers' intentions to use Al in inquiry-based teaching?	1
An impact on knowledge production was observed in 97.1% of the projects, and an impact on capacity building in 95.6%.	4
is defined as a time series of ratios R? = O?/E?, i=1, ..., n.	3
Personal seniority influences all types of personal brokerages, for example, as a liaison, consultant, or a coordinator.	4
ResearchGate was chosen because of its popularity and outreach among researchers.	2
4 See the short description of Koshland's Cha-Cha-Cha theory in footnote 6 on p 4.	0
published in Travel medicine and Infectious Disease have 48 citations,	4
The A-NWDC networks consider all authors more comprehensively, which is the key reason for low correlation coefficient between A-NWDC and F-NWDC.	4
AU$2734] even when they have very low impact factors.	4
It is concluded that there is a clear trend towards scientific collaboration or co-authorship whose papers are usually signed by 2–5 authors.	5
Second, AJTI articles increasingly adopt sophisticated research methodologies such as case research, econometric analysis and network analysis.	5
Among these fields, geosciences is exceptional because there is a negative and significant correlation between IF and the IPCI.	4
Major findings indicate that discipline, as compared to period, is the determinant of cohesion in HCRA titles, albeit in medium effect size.	4
Annual trends, journals of publication, subject categories of journals, collaboration indexes between authors and institutions, network of cowords and most cited papers were identified and analysed.	3
My interpretation suggests that nonpartial lotteries should be practiced in distinct epistemic contexts.	1
The launch of the BKCI by Thomson Reuters is great news for information scientists and bibliometricians, as it provides a new resource for the analysis and development of tools to complete the research evaluation picture.	5
In conclusion, the tropical countries of Central America and Asia studied thus far have a few similarities but also important differences, and they are highly heterogeneous in their scientific organization and productivity: no simple generalizations can be made for the scientific output of tropical nations.	5
Spearman rank-order correlation was tested on all the overlapping articles using ranked citations/ranked increased citations and ranked altmetric attention scores in the spreadsheets to quantify the relationship between them.	3
Please cite this article as: Dartus J, et al, Rate of publication in predatory journals by orthopedic surgeons members of the French ortho- pedic and traumatology society (SOFCOT): A follow-up note, Orthop Traumatol Surg Res, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.otsr.2020.03.042	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 5 times since 2018*	0
Hence, we find that the TS score is a significant predictor of the publication being cited in a patent document.	4
InCites Journal Citation Reports identifies journals that have cited Agribusiness over the time period 2005-2014 (accessed 11/17/2015).	2
For example, Science (2000) refers to all papers published by Science in 2000.	0
After removing responses that contained missing data, we had 141 responses for publishing time justifiability and 145 responses for publishing times worthwhileness.	2
Regions in China had significant gaps in medical service price levels.	5
For PhDs before 2007, the correlation between the number of marketing publications in 2007–2011 and 2012– 2016 is 0.63.	4
To summarize, HCAs that are not highly tweeted are associated with two observations: (1) they are not immediately mentioned on social media and (2) they are not actively promoted by their respective journals.	5
The target group of survey respondents were university staff members engaged in academic research either full-time or part-time.	2
Q3: How do funding patterns differ depending on the MESH that agencies fund?	1
The top twenty-four (24) journals belonging to the LIS field ranked as per impact factors in Journal Citation Report (JCR) offered by Clarivate Analytics were analyzed.	2
The present study comprehensively reported the characteristics of the 300 most cited articles in periodontology.	5
Just over 37% of papers had no specific funding and depended on institutional support from universities and hospitals.	4
Spearman's correlation test was applied to test correlations between two variables.	3
In this study, the eight UGC-funded Hong Kong universities, which are similar in nature to government-funded public universities in mainland China, were selected as focal institutions.	2
In terms of social capital theory, our study suggests that individuals bring not only knowledge capacity, but also access to foreign talent and resources.	5
The only citation source that covers this kind of journal is Google Scholar (GS).	2
For the present study, the acknowledgments corpus was restricted to approximately 200,000 entries.	2
Section 2 provides the related work on topic detection methods and studies on topic evolution.	0
This highlights the importance of improving the policies for reporting funding and COI in preprint servers.	5
The scope of this study is to shed light on the determinants of the time gap between the publication of a Nobel discovery and the bestowment of the prize across three science fields (Physics, Chemistry, and Medicine).	1
According to the assessment of country connections, the strongest connections are between China and the United States, each with 28 connections.	4
This Altmetric analysis revealed the current status of social recognition and public attention regarding neurology and neurological disorders.	5
Our results show that the United States is a clear leader in this field.	5
most cited universities and cited authors in LIS research in Nigeria; and	1
We performed an updated bibliometric research to assess the country-specific relationship between neurological scientific production and socio-economic variables of dedicated resources.	1
NIH Applications and Awards: Data on all grant applications to the NIH from fiscal years 2002 to 2009 were obtained from the NIH's administrative database.	2
From the manuscripts collected within the WoS database, we found that AJET compiles studies and research with similar content, with an intense thematic correlation force, with the concept of “knowledge” being the common thread from 2007 to 2020.	5
The sum of the co-operations attributed to different sectors is larger than the number of	0
We chose the PubMed Central Open Access Subset (PMC OAS), a collection of biomedical full texts, for a large-scale evaluation of CbPD.	2
The distinctions made by these scholars have been drawn on here to guide the research presented.	0
The papers were classified according to the following article types: Commentary, Education/Research Brief, Innovations in Teaching, Instructional Design and Assessment (IDA), Research, Review, Special Article, Statement, Teachers' Topics, Theme Issue, Viewpoint, and Viewpoint/Counterpoint.	3
The research productivity of IIMs has come out in collaboration with the 125 nations across the world and the USA, the UK, Canada, Germany and China are the front runners with IIMs in the collaborative network.	4
We showed a positive moderate to strong significant correlation between total health expenditure as percent of GDP and different bibliometric indicators, implying another possible advantage of national investment in this filed.	5
The current study examines the quantity of publications in 23 high-impact journals to determine what role faculty status may play in publication.	1
Second, for each NPW paper, we identified counterparts that satisfy the following criteria: published in the same journal and in the same issue in the same year.	2
QKj derives from kurtosis, and we use it to capture the tailedness of the keyword distribution.	3
Overall, our findings suggest that the use of animals has been more prevalent in AD research compared to BC and PC EU-funded basic research, and that in more recent funding cycles (H2020), the number of research projects involving animal use has increased.	5
The results show that the last ten years have seen increasing numbers in the scientific production and that the more outstanding authors of the region are mainly from Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Chile and Colombia, with the United States being the non-Latin American country involved in the largest number of collaborations.	4
The scholarly works surveyed encompassed a range of scientific disciplines as presented in Figure 3, with Chemistry leading the way, now adjusted to represent approximately 330 documents, which is 24.4% of the research corpus, followed closely by Chemical Engineering with about 221 documents (16.3%), and Agricultural and Biological Sciences at roughly 218 documents (16.1%).	4
Based on the SVA framework, this paper focuses on measuring the potential scholarly impact of researchers and categorizing them in terms of the dynamics of structural variation metrics.	1
Correspondence details for all authors: Faculty of Business and Management, Avenida Enrique Villegas Vélez, 2, 11002, Cádiz, Spain.	0
To address this challenge, this paper reports an innovative software tool named AssignmentWatch which supports academic integrity by actively monitoring for the upload of assessment content online, with a focus on file-sharing websites.	1
Since the sparseness of the underlying similarity matrix proved inappropriate for this exercise, second-order similarities have been used.	3
The interactions were independent of the atoms' nuclear states—a hallmark of an unusual symmetry that theorists predict may lead to interesting collective effects.	4
In the fourth and final step, we calculate the Jaccard Similarity Coefficients for pairs I and II.	3
Then, the Spearman correlation test was used to examine the correlation between JIF values and average number of pages, number of published articles per year and six/three publication lags in each type of journal for higher-ranked journals and normally ranked journals.	3
1EC3 Research Group, Departamento de Información y Comunicación, Colegio Máximo de Cartuja s/n, 18071, Universidad de Granada, Granada, Spain	0
In the analysis, we compared the research performance of experts with the research performance of non-experts employed in Russian universities.	2
The disciplinary fractional counting involves dividing the credit by the number of fields (subject category or OST discipline) to which a publication is assigned, while keeping whole counting for the geographical dimension.	3
The comparative case set-up of the study is based on Abadie et al.	3
Out of the Top 25 IF contributing papers with the CN of 34 or more the following themes were noted to dominate: bone healing/tissue regeneration (40 %) of papers, covid-19 pandemic (24 %), polytrauma/coagulopathy (12 %) and infection (8 %).	4
We further constructed a comparison dataset of scientific careers using data from the Web of Science (WOS) and Google Scholar (GS) [46], representing the kinds of ‘ordinary’ careers that tend to be studied in the science of science literature [29,49].	2
First, we correct the interpretation of MHq and mention that it is still a meaningful indicator.	1
Where we have used quotes from respondents, we have mentioned gender, subject and country if known in square brackets.	0
We found that in 1998 we could detect a fracture of the straight line.	4
was employed through the R Bibliometrix package [32].	3
The greatest number of contributions came from the USA, followed by the UK and Canada.	4
All graduates of the Harvard Medical School Residency Program in Otolaryngology from 1996 to 2013 were identified.	2
This scenario deserves attention because of the threats it may pose to the independence of research and its role in supporting human equity and sustainable health for all.	5
The DB classic citation ratio is 37.0, a figure that is in between those of the other journals (OCR = 18.5, 19.4, and 121.5).	4
Toward fulfilling this need, this study examines Chinese researchers' RIM practices by addressing the following research questions: RQ1.	1
This study performed a bibliometric evaluation of scientific articles on spatial analysis between 1950 and 2019.	1
This article raises the awareness of university-sponsored supplements in high-impact journals and the issues of this new practice.	1
Three groups of publications were enrolled: (1) publications from Taiwan EDs in emergency medicine (EM) journals; (2) publications from Taiwan EDs in non-EM journals; (3) publications from Taiwan who were not affiliated with EDs in EM journals.	3
Our analysis challenges the assumption that increased public funding will put to a halt the commodification of academia and academic research.	5
Is there any gender disparity among neurosurgery scientists with regard to their social media visibility of their scientific papers?	1
Cosine similarity uses the cosine value of the angle between two vectors in the vector space as a measure of the difference between two individuals.	3
Furthermore, 92% of all prominent researchers had at least one or more of these four features, with the share increasing to at least 95% for those in genetics, development economics, cognitive psychology and metabolomics.	4
A group of 188 academic neurosurgeons from 10 programs listed in 2012 U.S.	2
I chose indicators that captured productivity, journal quality and citation impact since these are the main measures that have been traditionally used by academic hiring and promotion committees and grant reviewers to assess performance and quality.	3
Supplementary Information The online version contains supplementary material available at (https:// doi.org/10.1007/s11192-020-03855-1).	0
Results indicate the average citations received by reviews depends largely on the research area considered, varying from 1.34 to 6.74 times the citations received by original research articles (average value is 2.95).	4
The bibliometrics review showed that advances in nanoscale science and technology, biomolecular genetics, parallel computing, genetic sequencing, high-powered lasers, and advances in ecology, psychology, and philosophy can trace their origins to a high-risk grant given under this programme.	4
The USA, Germany and England were identified as the major contributors.	4
We use citation analysis to identify, among the articles published in Synthese and Philosophy of Science between 1985 and 2021, those that cite the specialistic literature in game theory and network science.	2
Then the causal impact of sequential order in editorial decision will be tested by estimating the following logit specification: Prob(xij,t = 1) = Λ(α + β × Rij,t + γj,t),	3
This section describes a graphical methodology for representing texts as barycentric maps, extracting these barycentric vectors from different texts, and analyzing and comparing the obtained graphical results in a three-dimensional graph from an interdisciplinary point of view.	3
The thematic map is informed by the density and centrality parameters, and the magnitude of the bubbles indicates the quantity of publications [35].	3
China (438), the United States (130), and India (51) have the largest share of retractions.	4
This study investigates the understanding that research scientists in Ghana, a developing country, have about predatory journals and their publishing practices.	1
It can be observed that in academic papers using experimental methods, the distribution variances of software and tool entities, data resource entities, and algorithm and model entities all exhibit an early decrease followed by a recent increase, especially with a marked increase in the distribution variance of algorithm and model entities in the most recent time window.	4
Bibliometric analysis can be utilized to identify the most influential literature and track the trajectory of the research development in a given area.	1
Only the institutions that have acted as guarantors on at least one occasion were considered for this study.	2
US/UK journals have significantly higher h indices, SJR, and APC compared to non-US/UK journals, so they are desirable publication options, but publication charges represent a significant inequity for junior faculty and those from comparatively resource-poor institutions.	5
The coverage analysis was expanded for benchmark purposes including the two most closely related German-speaking universities, namely, Humboldt University of Berlin and University of Zurich ('enhanced organizations').	3
This is a pre-print of a paper and is subject to change before publication.	0
Ethnic minority reviewers were significantly less likely to refuse a review request than ethnic majority reviewers.	4
Two citation windows have been considered for the analysis of the effect of the enlargement of the citation period, one including the citations received in the same period of publications (1991–2000) and a second one including eight years more (1991–2008).	3
It also explores the motivational factors that influence the faculty members to choose open access journals for publication.	1
Among the colleagues who read and commented on the first draft of this study, special thanks to Richard Hills and Richard Wielebinski for thoughtful insights and for catching some errors that had eluded us.	0
As we can observe in the upper plot of Figure 4, corresponding to countries, we observe several transition points; for example a transition can be observed during the First World War, with the decreasing centrality of Austria and Hungary due to the end of the Austro-Hungarian emperor and the entering in the ranking of Russia.	4
Our analysis centers on junior scientists who received the National Natural Science Foundation of China's Young Scientists Fund (YSF) between 2000 and 2013.	2
Some of the typical signs of predatory publishing include undisclosed fees, editorial boards with unknown or apparently non-existent members, flawed functionality and design of the website, and the choice of strange partners when it comes to indexing and impact calculations (Canadian Association of Research Libraries 2015; Clark 2015; Prater 2014).	3
Spearman and Pearson correlation coefficients are determined for these three indices.	3
Access to the scientific literature is perceived to be a challenge to the biodiversity conservation community, but actual level of literature access relative to needs has never been assessed globally.	1
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
Conversely, such analysis also revealed that authors in the intermediary positions of the rank contribute more in specific roles, such as collecting data.	5
But a more detailed and closer inspection of the stepwise contribution of the lexical component revealed that much smaller but homogeneous topics are migrating from one cluster to another.	5
This consistency implies that research performance plays a minor role in the recognition of the scientific contributions of NMS winners.	5
Considering the type of research, 51.51% of the projects were associated with applied research, 36.37% basic research, while 12.12% experimental development.	4
Bearing in mind the above, the general objective of this work is to provide profiles of health sciences journals of the SciELO network and to determine probable inconsistencies regarding copyright issues and type of licences, depending on the sources consulted.	1
A questionnaire was completed by a total of 302 Chinese college students.	2
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Our study aims to review the published errata and corrigenda in neurosurgical literature, and we discuss the characteristics and future implications of postpublication errors.	1
It is noted that OA source titles indexed in SCOPUS are based on DOAJ designation.	2
The first dataset consists of 19,164 publications about Gene editing, collected via the same queries used in Huang et al.	2
The strongest correlation was between h index and g indexes.	4
It remains to be seen whether a new trend is emerging that exhibits not an increase, but rather a leveling off or decrease in the proportion of female authors.	0
This study reports the results of a survey of professional, mostly academic economists about their research norms and scientific misbehavior.	1
The related journals were selected based on the 2014 scientific citation index (SCI) and articles were searched based on the PubMed database.	2
The goal of the assessment is to identify the adequacy of an organizational structure and its various aspects (as defined by different strands of organization theory), with respect to a particular kind of epistemic goal and to point out possible trade-offs.	3
John, MD, Rutgers New Jersey Medical School, Medical Science Bldg, H-576, 185 South Orange Ave, Newark, NJ 07103 (ann.m.john@gmail.com).	0
The results showed that the role of time-dependent citation features, especially citation peak features, in identifying PEPs is more significant than the static features.	4
VOSviewer identified a total of 487 keywords for the top 100 most cited papers.	4
The journal map used in this paper was created using the VOS algorithm as implemented in VOSviewer (van Eck and Waltman 2010).	3
This paper maps the network of collaborative authorship in the Journal of Econometrics (JE).	1
According to BIC differences (see Table 1), we found very strong evidence for modeling of productivity as a person covariate (i.e., the BIC of Model 1 was clearly larger by more than 10 as compared to each of the other models).	4
It assesses the market power of gold journals (OA full adopters) in comparison with hybrid journals and closed-access journals (partial adopters and non-adopters).	1
Scopus and Web of Science are world renowned citation indexes providing evidence of quality; therefore, they must be utilised to monitor quality publication output.	5
The sample (statistics) included all research population, the 22 websites of the central libraries of Iranian Medical universities affiliated to the Ministry of Health and Medical Education, which were located geographically in Tehran and other metropolitan cities of Iran, which were identified through the two websites of the Ministry of Health and Medical Education and the Ministry of Interior of Iran, that showed in Table 1.	2
In 2000–2011, on average 57% of publications of the current employees of the studied university was without affiliation with the university.	4
In this paper, we focus on a similarity measure of entities in co-occurrence data.	1
The data were coded by two graduate student research assistants using an inductive, thematic analysis (Braun and Clarke 2006; Gibbs 2007) and NVIVO qualitative data analysis software.	3
the number of points assigned to each publication), in order to examine the distribution of women on each of these measures relative to men.	3
Furthermore, many journals publish supplementary spreadsheet files that can also contain both tables and graphs.	4
Lastly, it is worth noting that this study indicates that interdisciplinarity has not effectively promoted knowledge application.	5
New field entry (averages across researchers and years, by main discipline)	0
Analysis of variance was conducted as a function of year of publication for both the number of authors and the number of unique institutions using Statistica (TIBCO Software Inc).	3
The effect seemed to be discipline-specific: the success rate for connected applicants was approximately 80% higher than average in the life sciences and 40% higher in the social sciences and humanities, but there seemed to be no discernible effect in physics and engineering.	4
The indices used for adjusting research productivity revealed the effort and contribution of other countries.	5
As a result, in this case, less than 10% of first author's papers factually included in WoS collection were involved in the analysis of the h-index.	4
One publisher was labelled as 'predatory' in Beall's list, leading to its journals being removed from Scopus, the Elsevier-owned journal citation index.	4
OK title: Relationship of killer bees to fruit set in coffee plants.	0
Appendix: cost model of cumulative CA core value for a LI	0
if one compares the output of individual scholars with peers of their sub-discipline, a different picture emerges than is offered by comparisons with the output of all colleagues from the educational research field.	5
The goal of the present study is to predict citation counts of manuscripts submitted to Transplant International (TI) in the two calendar years following publication.	1
In this article, we use five dimensions introduced in a seminal article by the economic geographer Ron Boschma: cognitive, organizational, social, institutional, and geographic (set out in Table 1).	3
Do the supervision mode and characteristics of supervisor influence the properties of doctoral students' academic networks?	1
As a result, topics of environmental issues were discussed more in English papers and became more and more popular during the life cycle of the project.	5
The benchmark data from this study may prove useful for self-evaluation and also grant, hiring, and promotional decisions.	5
Results show that data analysis methods and technologies are the topics with the strongest cognitive relatedness to Big Data research, while topics on physics and astronomy studies present the weakest relatedness.	4
All analyses were carried out using the R programming language [30], specifically the dplyr package for data manipulation [31] and the ggplot2 package for the production of figures [32].	3
In terms of the first stage, start with what you value, we look at the starting point of the monitoring model.	4
We will also consider the subnetworks defined by the researchers of the different areas (Sciences, Life Sciences, Arts and Humanities, Engineering & Architecture and Social Sciences) and compare their properties.	3
The Black-Scholes model is the most appropriate financial technique to consider research as it models the change in value over time as being equivalent to Brownian motion.	3
Three of the ranking systems indeed show positive bias toward the universities in their home country.	4
This study focuses on the language coverage of WoS and Scopus at the document level, separating out research areas in the results.	1
The first step is to search for candidate texts using a shingle index proposed in Broder, Glassman, Manasse and Zweig (1997) and Broder (1997).	3
Fifteen tenure-track faculty members in the Departments of Biology and Chemistry at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill participated in semi-structured interviews employing a variation of the critical incident tecnique.	2
The two aspects of our study are discussed in the next sections.	0
To prove this we applied the Mann-Whitney-Wilcoxon test (Mann & Whitney, 1947; Nachar, 2008; Wilcoxon, 1945) following the detailed outline as published in Huber and Wagner-D?bler (2003).	3
The search strategies including Latin American countries: “Antigua & Barbu”, Argentina, Aruba, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, “Costa Rica", Cuba, Curacao, Dominica, “Dominican Rep", "French Guiana”, Ecuador, "El Salvador", Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guatemala, Guyana, Haiti, Honduras, Jamaica, Martinique, Mexico, Montserrat, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, "Puerto Rico", "St Kitts & Nevi”, “St Vincent", Grenadines, Suriname, “Trinidad Tobago", Uruguay, and Venezuela and search keywords: “COVID-19”, “SARS-CoV-2”, “coronavirus disease 2019", "severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2”, “2019-nCoV”, “2019 novel coronavirus”, “COVID19”, “novel coronavirus 2019”, “corona virus disease 2019", “COVID-2019”, “COVD-19”, and “novel coronavirus disease-19" were searched in terms of the country (CU) as well as title (TI), abstract (AB), and author keywords (AK).	2
Following this introduction, the literature is reviewed; ResearchGate and data collection are then described.	0
We also delimited the observation period to 28 years, from 1983 to 2010 (the oldest Hennart work considered was published in 1982).	2
There has been a significant increase in resident publications over time, coinciding with the implementation of work hour restrictions.	5
Address: Sociology Programme, University of KwaZulu-Natal, Howard College campus, Durban-4041, South Africa	0
First, we recommend that journals collect information from potential reviewers about non-English languages in which they may be available to review papers.	5
All analyses were done using Sigma Plot version 11 (2008; Systat Software Inc., San Jose, CA).	0
Correlation between both metrics is rather low (Spearman r = 0.179) and it demonstrates that both measures express a very different impact phenomena.	4
The empirical results show that three independent variables (disciplinary heterogeneity, cognitive heterogeneity, and organisational heterogeneity) all had a significant positive effect on the team innovation performance.	4
We extracted n-grams from the corpus using a text analysis program, generated co-occurrence networks, and then analyzed and visualized the networks using Pajek software.	3
A total of 6,000 individuals were selected (2,000 from each scientific field).	2
Unfortunately, the scope of applications for our new heatmap class is very narrow, as it only refers to the illustration of longitudinal AI and RESP values.	5
Therefore, this study was carried out to investigate the quantity and quality of research activity in Arab countries in the field of infectious diseases.	1
Based on our experiences described in the vignettes, we argue against the myth of security as a special space that cannot be entered and shaped by a critical researcher working towards the democratization of science, technology and politics.	5
FIGURE 1 Graphic representation of clus- ters Ward's method of clustering (Mdn; n = 327).	0
We find evidence of a research-teaching trade-off: PhDs who devote less than 50 % of their working time to teaching are more successful in publishing their work.	5
Overall, many Topic Clusters do not have even one dedicated Q1 journal (1044 Clusters, which is more than 70%, see Table 7).	4
Finally, we conclude by stating that we have found a positive answer to our research question stated in the title of this contribution.	5
This cross-sectional data demonstrated career success in publications, grants, and leadership positions for faculty who apply for a FAER grant.	5
We show that Economics scholars late in the alphabet seem to react to alphabetical discrimination as they refrain from publishing articles with three or more authors.	4
Bliwise, R., 2001, The Numbers Game, Duke Magazine 87 (6), 3–4.	0
While specific scopes may carry the risk of missing new research trends, broad scopes may require more reviewers from different research areas.	5
In conclusion, the study shows slight tendencies towards shifts in research topics within economics.	5
Asian countries produced more proportion of Original articles (82%) than those of rest of the world (67.6%).	4
The accuracy of the techniques for ensuring the quality of the retrieved data, described in this paper, is demonstrated through validation performed by the platform users.	4
We also computed two measures of collaboration which are generally used in studies of research collaboration (Levitt and Thelwall 2009).	3
In the second stage, a user selects a few relevant papers, from which useful terms are extracted for query expansion.	3
We define velocity in citation diffusion as the rate of change of the citation frequency over time.	3
The database Clarivate Analytics Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) was used to search and collect studies (https://www.webofscience.com/wos/, accessed on 10 July 2022).	2
Looking back to the title of this article: we probably have no reason to lament all journals lost; however, many journals lost are journals we would be better off having kept.	5
Table 4 summarizes the studies mentioned here, excluding those in Table 1.	0
In addition, by analyzing individual trajectories, we find that researchers can be categorized into exploiters, whose trajectories are bound to a particular area of the knowledge space, and explorers, who jump across boundaries and pioneer novel fields.	5
Predictions of journal metrics based on statistical joinpoint regression may not be completely accurate.	5
Thus, Mendeley readership counts can, in theory, be used as early impact indicators from even before an article’s journal issue is published.	5
It surpasses WoS and Scopus numerically in all areas of research, and is greatly superior in the areas where WoS and Scopus have a poor coverage, including the Social Sciences and Humanities.	5
This suggests that better understanding processes and implications of individual-level learning based on direct interaction may be relevant for evolutionary economics more generally.	5
looking for categories that already existed or new categories that were mentioned.	3
The main limitation of this analysis is the emergent nature of the existing literature.	5
The 27,750 documents pool was subjected to co-authoring, co-occurrence and citation analyses in the VOSviewer free software, version 1.6.19 (Eck & Waltman, 2018).	3
The citation status was considered as the dependent outcome in the analysis, with a significance level set at P < 0.05.	3
The absolute values of APC coefficients for three models are less than one, indicating inelastic submissions to APCs.	4
1 Department of Radiology, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, 32 Fruit St., Boston, MA 02114.	0
Such a solution will encourage local researchers to develop scholarly outputs and deal with national priority issues related to water resources.	5
A retrospective analysis of collaboration in the PMI research project using action research cycles has helped the authors to understand how collaboration worked in a research project led by the authors.	5
With this Brief Communication, it is not our intention to cast further doubt on the use of citation analysis for research evaluation; we merely wish to posit—somewhat provocatively—the statement that given the limited signifi- cance of times-cited data, in many cases a cited reference analysis would make more sense.	5
(3) Correlation among clinical translation intensity and traditional citation indicators of basic medical research papers published by Lasker Prize winners for Basic Medicine.	1
In order to solve the current imbalance of academic resources within the discipline, this article builds a three-dimensional talent evaluation model based on the topic-author-citation based on the z index and proposes the ZAS index to evaluate scholars on different research topics within the discipline.	1
This article offers an adjustment to the recently developed Euclidean Index (Perry and Reny, 2016).	1
After artificial screening of the literature in the database, and the removal of non-academic literature such as journal introductions, subscription descriptions, lists of experts and meeting information, 3060 pieces of data remained.	2
Older papers will receive more citations than expected after GS is launched.	1
Regarding collaboration patterns, single-authored articles (SA), multi-authored articles (MA), total articles (TA), mean of authors per article and percentage of collaboration (%C) were calculated and distributed per decade.	3
Furthermore, we found that public accessibility is positively related to article access.	5
(3) How do the societal interaction categories from the SSH-oriented ReAct taxonomy add value in the STEM disciplines?	1
There are, in fact, several empirical studies that suggest that evaluation is antagonistic in this way, and that, consequently, evaluation and innovation are in tension with one another.	4
The minimal-interaction strategy rests on a belief in leaving busy researchers to get on with their individual contributions to the joint work.	5
There is no direct relationship between resistant capability and success in controlling and containing the spread of the COVID-19 outbreak.	5
This article investigates the lengths of time that publications with different numbers of citations take to receive their first citation (the beginning stage), and then compares the lengths of time to receive two or more citations after receiving the first citation (the accumulative stage) in the field of computer science.	1
To measure whether the researcher developed own research lines, independent from the former supervisor, we downloaded from the Web of Science (Online version) the papers of the researcher and the former supervisor, including their co-authored publications.	2
We find that eminent scientists are more harshly penalized than their less distinguished peers in the wake of a retraction, but only in cases involving fraud or misconduct.	4
Based on the methodology used to rank universities in the annual Academic Ranking of World Universities, each academic center was assigned a score from zero to 1 for each of the five outcome measurements.	3
Also, the described research ascertains the antecedent factors that determine the structure of the network among world universities.	1
There was no difference in count frequencies between RT clusters and journals (Chi Square=1.64, df=4, p=0.82) in Table 3, but there was a significant difference between clusters (Q-statistic=484.94, df=4, p<0.001) in (Fig.	4
This shift makes the paradox of university rankings understandable since it has created a situation in which scientific research and higher education are increasingly evaluated by using quantitative metrics that are counterproductive to these practices (for similar arguments, see Brink, 2018; Halffman and Radder, 2015; Hallonsten, 2021; Münch, 2014).	5
Moreover, the United States had the highest ratio of submitted to publish with a ratio of 63.6% (11 submitted to SICOT and seven publications achieved).	4
Partitions of the space of knowledge claims: (a) in the initial state, (b) after simple search, (c) after audience-adjusted search.	0
Therefore, drawing data from different databases may produce different outcomes for any bibliometric evaluation exercises done at the level of countries.	5
First, through clustering-based bibliometric analysis, 282 academic articles are analyzed to identify the areas, contexts, or meanings of "open banking."	3
With respect to the second hypothesis, there were notable variations between areas, in impact and collaboration, according to their types of funding sectors.	5
Using a mixed methods approach, research scientists within one cluster of research organizations in Ghana were asked about their awareness of the characteristics of predatory journals, based on their own experience as a researcher.	2
The output in English represented 29.3% (n = 39) and achieved greater impact than the articles in Spanish in terms of citations.	4
In the biomedical field, we found that 16 Russian and 100 international journals published two-thirds of all cited articles in the last 5 years.	4
Research is a 'slow science', be it in music, mathematics or other sciences and arts (Coessens, Fran?ois and Van Bendegem, 2018).	5
Parameters set comprising of current h-index, average citations per paper, number of coauthors, years since publishing first article, number of publications, number of impact factor publications, and number of publications in distinct journals performed better than all other combinations.	4
Table 10 may give some explanation why ‘concealed' pages were discovered.	0
According to Hirsch (2005) a scholar has index h if h of his/her Np papers have at least h citations each, and the other (Np-h) papers have no more than h citations each.	3
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
We show that the two groups are distinguishable through the measured index values.	4
Starting from the notion of h-type indices for infinite sequences we investigate if these indices satisfy natural inequalities related to the arithmetic, the geometric and the harmonic mean.	1
After calculating the percentage of citation for each cited journal, the elbow criterion was used to choose the most representative journals.	3
The URAP-TR ranking employs nine indicators which are summarized in Table 2.	3
Two thirds of the works (67%) were financed compared to a third that were not financed.	4
A total of 1885 articles that met the criteria were published in both journals between June 2014 and June 2018 (684 articles in NAU and 1201 articles in IUJ).	2
The search query retrieved 8426 articles which were used for the analysis.	2
Our sample includes 145 universities and colleges in Korea.	2
To address this gap, this study reports on an investigation into the relationship between abstract readability and online attention received by RAs.	1
Using data from ISI Web of Science (SCI), the authors study the same domestic co-authorship network of Chemistry researcher in Pakistan publishing from years 2002-2009 and investigate the moderating role of academic age and institutional sector on the relationship between co-authorship network centrality (degree, closeness, and betweenness) and the academic research performance (aggregate impact factor) of chemistry university/institute faculty members in Pakistan.	1
The median scholarly output and the citation count were both significantly lower in OA radiology journals compared with subscription journals (p < 0.001 and p = 0.016, respectively).	4
Finally, a burst of the word ‘sustain’ is detected in 2010.	4
Quadratic assignment procedure (QAP) correlation and regression coefficients, calculated using UCINET 6 (Borgatti et al., 2002), were used to examine how the structure of the hyperlink network changed between 2009 and 2010.	3
As compared with data from 2016, the ECRs are more verbose in their responses on what is generally regarded as ethical and unethical in research and/or publishing practices.	4
Countries collaboration involved a total of 10 countries, and the visualized map indicated the USA had the strongest collaboration network.	4
This learning moment is also a cultural change for many authors and will undoubtedly take time.	0
Our explanatory model suggests that the most important gender bias is caused by structural inequalities at the production level: it is significantly less likely for female scholars to get into the hall of fame of most productive authors in all the analyzed countries.	5
Documents examined in this study are all scholarly publications, excluding magazine articles, news reports, discussion papers, and the like.	2
In terms of location of institution in a big metropolitan city or an urban area, it was found that there do not exist any significant differentiation in levels of participation of women in research between institutions located in bigger cities or smaller towns.	4
The surgeons listed in the Society of Surgical Chairs Membership Directory website (n = 118) were included in this study.	2
The mean h-index for all pediatric dermatologists was 8.6 with a standard deviation of 10.2.	4
This is similar to the triple-helix approach, introduced by Leydesdorff and Etzkowitz (1996) and Etzkowitz and Leydesdorff (2000) for understanding patterns of triadic relations (university-government-industry relations) in the knowledge society.	3
The second is to present a scientific collaboration mapping method based on social network analysis (SNA) and illustrate it empirically using data collected on a provincially funded research network in Quebec (Canada).	1
It has been argued that IRC generates publications of a higher impact than DRC.	5
The same is true of links from Hong Kong to People's Daily (0.4%).	0
Our results suggest that diaspora researchers who earned their PhD degrees in Mexico have similar production and impact to those diaspora scientists who earned their degrees abroad.	5
According to the clustering algorithm mentioned above, these 50 keywords of OA field in China were divided into seven clusters named Cluster 1 to Cluster 7.	4
When designing STICCI.eu, it was decided to work with plain text format files (.txt), as well as BibTeX, RIS and CSV, in such a way that it was possible to process datasets generated by WoS, Scopus, GS and MAS.	2
Results of the comparison among the six nations of publication output in the core set of journals are offered in Table 4.	0
All continuous variables are reported as median (interquartile range) and statistical significance was defined at the p < 0.05 level unless otherwise mentioned.	0
JOM can further enhance its scientific prestige in business research by publish- ing bibliometric methodologies-based reviews on dif- ferent topics.	5
The lowest number of papers (200) was published in 2005 and the highest number (393) was published in 2013.	4
The magnitude of public funding for health research and its appropriate allocation should be addressed at the highest policy level.	5
This was done by extracting the ‘affiliation' field from publication records, identifying city names and subsequently tagging publications to a state.	3
We found that cluster hiring is associated with significant gains, on average, in faculty research output, collaborator numbers, and research impact from pre-hire to post-hire.	5
Moreover, our data provide confidence in the use of preprints for dissemination of research.	5
Kruskal-Wallis test was further utilized to carry on the nonparametric statistical test to determine differences in the social performance metrics of different research areas.	3
Via the 12 linguistic features of more than 150,000 full-text articles, we have found that the authors with the English ethnic background usually produce longer sentences comprising more clauses, employ longer nouns and shorter verbs, and utilize more verbs and fewer nouns.	5
It is not surprising to see from Table 1 that by design, the z-index very sensibly reflects changes in consistency.	4
Finally, the analysis shows that gender has an effect on achieved career level as male researchers have achieved a higher average career level than female researchers, when controlling for all other variables.	4
Our objective is to establish a causal effect of author fame on a paper's citations and the convention of alphabetical author ordering in economics and finance provides an identification strategy.	1
A barycenter is defined as C = (C1, C2)	3
Notably, whilst these journals have typically rather low rejection rates, they have also managed to secure over the past years relatively high IFs.	4
Analysis of the retraction distributions suggests that a small fraction (1-2 %) of retracting authors with ≥5 retractions are responsible for around 10% of retraction.	4
The MORE2 survey targeted individuals working in higher education institutions in Europe1 and 'carrying out research, or supervising research, or improving or developing new products/processes/services, or supervising the improvement or development of new products/processes/services' (IDEA Consult et al.	2
2 Department of Information Resources Management, School of Public Affairs, Zhejiang University, Hangzhou, Zhejiang 310058, China	0
Most importantly, we could identify that the deviation between the actual and the effective number of authors increases with the total number of authors.	4
Spain, with 119 documents, was the top producing country, followed by Brazil with 76.	4
The median PRI value for the 496 papers is 66, which is significantly higher than the expected PRI global median value of 50.	4
Therefore, it should be noted that, as a result of this shift from commitments to expenditures, figures quoted in the paper will be substantially different from those presented in earlier work.	0
The purpose of this study was to assess the association between academic rank and bibliometric measures of research productivity among full-time academic craniofacial surgeons.	1
We obtained the FAP documents from all 12 medical schools in Taiwan, and analyzed their use of traditional versus non-traditional criteria for FAP according to a published methodology.	2
Indeed, the correlation between the normalized number of citations a paper received and the number of authors on that paper was statistically significant (p = 0.17, p < 0.001).	4
Following Newman (2001a), we employ two separate algorithms to address the issue: (1) Computing an FI limit: An author in a paper is identified only by his/her last name and the first initial; (2) Computing an AI limit: An author is identified by his/her last name and all initials.	3
a This figure accounts for all science and engineering fields defined by the NSB, not only nanotechnology.	0
The 100 most-cited HBO2-focused publications were identified, and their publication title, authors' nationality, publication journal, year, type (original or review), and application field were recorded and analyzed using descriptive statistics.	3
The diagram includes all distinct entries (n = 72) of the top-25 most prolific authors of the three journal sets (MeSH-MI-, MeSH-Med-, Schuemie corpus).	0
For example, the top-cited paper of 381 journals caused their IF to increase by more than 0.5 points, while for 818 journals the relative increase exceeded 25%.	4
We categorized the different specialties of the corresponding authors as follows: neurosurgeon, orthopedic surgeon, other specialty in the medical department (MD) (i.e., rehabilitation medicine, anesthesiology, etc) and non-MD.	3
These findings suggest that multilayered analysis enables a more comprehensive understanding of international scientific collaboration in the influenza virus vaccine field.	5
First, we create a knowledge vector for each establishment through its history of patent applications.	3
The relative Gini coefficient has decreased, whereas the absolute Gini coefficients have increased over time, almost mirroring each other in the opposite direction.	4
Rank-turbulence divergence, a tunable instrument for comparing any two ranked lists, is used to quantitatively compare calculation methods of research diversity in different dimensional structures (Dodds et al., 2020).	3
Included in our primary data set are 8659 journals.	2
This research indicates that the center did have a nuanced effect in that its work flowed more quickly to and was used by the relevant research community.	5
We employ the advanced method of latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) (Blei et al.	3
We identify the related methodological issues, propose solutions and apply these solutions to a complex analysis of the research potential of three departments of a Russian university.	1
Therefore, the method developed in this study an extension of LIOA for a closed system can also be regarded as an extension of the PageRank algorithm that makes it applicable to influences among the nodes in a network with an input-output relation.	3
Up to 39% of journals showed a median citation number of zero in one medical journal category.	4
The publications in the ACM data set span several disciplines: modeling and simulation, computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering and systems engineering.	2
Post retraction citations proved to be a current practice among articles reporting radiology diagnostic techniques, and in some cases with more post retraction citations compared to citations prior to the retraction.	5
Therefore, in order to assess the author' contribution accurately and given the importance of the position of an author in the byline, it is a fundamental key issue to identify the position in the byline of the corresponding author.	1
An online questionnaire survey was then applied to the scientific associations with the purpose of assessing their roles in science by obtaining more detailed information on their activities, internal structure, membership, human and financial resources, connections with other national and international associations and with other organisations.	3
In light of these gaps, this study aims to investigate the interdisciplinary nature of SLA using a bibliometric approach.	1
We conclude that the experience in Norway with differentiated publication counts linked to funding has been different from the experience in Australia with an undifferentiated model.	5
The selected countries are the following: Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, France, Germany, India, Israel, Japan, Russian Federation, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Turkey, United Kingdom and United States considered strategic in Science, Technology and Innovation for Mexico (Conacyt, 2016).	2
They can be assigned to four groups of resources: scientific resources, i.e., previous joint research, simultaneously written manuscripts; human resources, i.e., coordination, flexibility, composition of the team; integrative resources, i.e., vision of integration, chronology of results; and feedback resources, i.e., internal reviews, subject editors, external reviewers.	4
Using a personalized page rank algorithm (Jeh & Widom, 2003), we build genealogy vectors for each subject in the knowledge network.	3
500 studies were registered and these included a wide range of article types; from first-in- man case reports to observational and interventional studies.	4
The user has to go through this process until the new rule is accepted into the rule base.	0
We find two sub-indicators: knowledge creation capability (KC) and knowledge absorption & diffusion capability (KAD).	3
We then used an algorithm developed to retrieve the records in Web of Knowledge from the Pubmed records (Rotolo and Leydesdorff, 2015).	2
Conflict of interest The author has no interests to disclose that are relevant for this study.	0
U.S./EU and RW/EU gaps according to the Mean Normalized Citation Score indicators at the field level.	0
The analysis included available data for 42 countries.	2
The source of Altmetric data was the Altmetric database (Altmetric LLP, London, UK).	2
In this section, we propose constructing semantic role (SR) graphs from English and Japanese sentences based on a triplification technique, which is often used for generating RDF data from natural sentences [37].	3
Collection of data was done at the University of Nis in the middle of August 2017 where we had a free access to the Web of Science database through KOBSON and were revised in August 2018.	2
We built a table that summarized this information and that contained six columns: Type of RWD, content, access, limits, cost and an example.	4
Worthy of mention is that Romanian journals not included in these databases were also initially considered for the study, but because of the large proportion (75%) of articles written in Romanian and the almost complete lack of international visibility, the final decision was to exclude them.	0
These data reveal a worrying lack of interest in publishing in Spanish journals by non-Spanish-speaking researchers.	5
A negative binomial model was used for both the number of grant submissions and the number of successful grants (grant hits).	3
However, these meager citation counts can influence the h of a non-negligible number of individuals with h < 3.	0
1997), entries on key thinkers in major encyclopaedias (i.e., Wright 2015) and Google Scholar citation statistics, I compiled a list of 194 individuals with more than 1,000 citing articles in SSCI-indexed sociology journals (see Appendix A1 in the Online Supplementary Material).	2
In particular the Information Systems category is considered, with 13 and 39 journals ranked into categories A* and A by a number of relevant scholars.	2
In this paper we have shown for two countries (Germany and the Netherlands), that articles co-authored by researchers in one of these countries are less likely to be among the globally most highly-cited if they also cite "domestic” research (i.e.	5
There are many reasons editorial delay (time from submission to publication) can slow down publication that are outside of journals’ control.	0
Furthermore, we found three times as much international collaborative publications (measured as co-authorships) in international comparative research compared to non-comparative research.	5
Credibility is increasingly defined by the cultures of the major scientific publishing conglomerates.	5
The schematic in Figure 4(A) emphasizes the sequence of accomplishments as they might occur across a scientist's complex backdrop of career phases (grad student/postdoctoral fellow → assistant professor → tenured faculty).	0
This study attempted to discover if the altmetrics aggregated at the university level can bridge the gap between single and multi-faceted rankings.	1
Sleeping beauties in science are easily found in publications with low citation rate.	4
In any case, self-citations do not reflect the visibility or the impact of a publication and therefore the citation count should be corrected.	5
Other bibliometric parameters such as country income, continent, study design, retention system, and corresponding author h-index were associated with the frequency of funded studies published.	5
The internet has been the catalyst for radical new business models across numerous fields and industries.	0
To compare the innovative performance of on-site teams (with all team members in the same city) and remote teams (with team members spread across two or more cities), we start by creating and analysing two large datasets representing the full spectrum of science and technology fields.	1
Using unique Japanese patent data and a community-detection method, we separate Japanese business establishments into communities composed of connections through joint patent applications.	1
By contrast, the 53,143 authors with but a single paper (probably mainly graduate students) were nearly 44 % female.	4
In these higher impact journals, females were more often listed as first authors (43.7% vs 32.7%, p < 0.0001, Fig.	4
In this paper, I examine the conceptions of social impact in the field of social sciences from the perspectives of policy authors and academics by reviewing policy documents and conducting semi-structured interviews with 14 policy advisors, evaluation experts, and faculty professors.	1
1 Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, Princeton University, Princeton, NJ 08544, USA	0
Number of papers on electricity (n) and of their authors (N), in PT (1665 – 1800): n solid line, N- dotted line	0
The second question is how much Elsevier should charge for publishing all the articles under the OA model, assuming the profit margin reduces and adheres to the market benchmark.	1
Conversely, there is a significant monotonic decrease in the certainty of writing styles over this age range (Figure 1b).	4
Table 5 suggests that the ability of publishing large numbers of highly cited papers is not common among recent Nobel laureates.	5
In this survey, we aimed to describe the characteristics and distribution of retracted articles and the reasons for retractions.	1
Intellectual involvement is the overriding principle in granting authorship.	5
Librarians at a large, federally funded, multidisciplinary research organization sought to assess the value provided by the library's collections.	1
Our findings have policy implications, because current measures of citation-based impact, from IF to Hirsch index (4, 17), are frequently integrated in reward procedures, the assignment of research grants, awards, and even salaries and bonuses (30), despite their well-known lack of predictive power.	5
The mean citation score (MCS) was considered as an index of the global impact of the country or institution's articles.	3
Because of the observed differences in the citations of the top articles in the list compared with those in the bottom of the list, and the variability in the altmetric scores, it was decided to conduct a multivariate analysis model comprising the effect of number of authors and other parameters.	3
The data suggest low relationship between price and measures of impact.	5
We propose to measure the originality of an individual scientific papers based on its cited papers (i.e., references) and citing papers (i.e.	3
Residents who published their medical thesis had a higher median number of total publications, as well as first- and last-author OA (p=0.0005, p=0.001 and p=0.007, respectively).	4
This enables us to reveal the distributional characteristics and evolutionary patterns in source periodicals, topics, authors, funding, and institutes, as well as to understand the current situations and developmental tendency of Chinese agricultural economics research.	1
The source of an overlay is a set of bibliographic records retrieved from the Web of Science and stored in a file directory on a computer where the software runs.	2
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Acknowledgements This research is supported by National Social Science Foundation of China (#16ZD08, #13AZD072, and #12AZD046).	0
The match rate for titles selected for retention by faculty (73%) is greater than the match rate for cancelled titles (54%).	4
As discussed earlier, the MLS framework utilizes (i) strength of derived co-inventorship relation between a pair of inventors through their common co-inventors and (ii) strength of coupling of a pair of inventors through common technological fields, for predicting links that represent potential collaborations.	3
Means were compared using the Mann–Whitney U test and Kruskal–Wallis test for independent samples, and Chi squared test for categorical data.	3
The purpose of bibliometrics is to use quantitative measures to identify patterns during research literature production such as the more prolific entities, features of the information sources, the rates of literary production over time, citation counts, or more general patterns such as the history and structure of a scientific field (Bellis, Bibliometrics, and Citation Analysis 2009; Garfield 2006; Hawkins 2001; Pritchard 1969).	3
The following subject categories were chosen to represent a range of different subject areas: Animal Science and Zoology; Language and Linguistics; Biochemistry; Business and International Management; Catalysis; Electrochemistry; Computational Theory and Mathematics; Management Science and Operations Research; Computers in Earth Sciences; Finance; Fuel Technology; Automotive Engineering; Ecology; Immunology; Ceramics and Composites; Analysis; Anesthesiology and Pain Medicine; Biological Psychiatry; Assessment and Diagnosis; Pharmaceutical Science; Astronomy and Astrophysics; Clinical Psychology; Development; Food Animals; Orthodontics; Complementary and Manual Therapy.	2
The journal with the highest incidence of B-carotene was the Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture (five times), most cases (31) were found in Wiley journals, while authors with a US affiliation accounted for most (15) false positives.	4
A search that combined the criteria [Agricultural and Biological Sciences] and [Ecology, Evolution, Behavior and Systematics] was used to define the sample of journals studied within the field of EEBS.	2
In conclusion, this study demonstrated that the encroaching “fourth threat” of overwhelming administrative demands is not a threat to the traditional triple threat for the department chairs of surgery.	5
The support provided by the China Scholarship Council (CSC) during the visit by Xin Li to the University of Texas at Austin (No.	0
The components are gathered from the Analyze, Create Citation Report, and Journal Citation Report features in Web of Science and InCites, the freely available Publish or Perish tool for retrieving metrics from Google Scholar, and the Altmetric database.	2
Making more small and medium-sized grants available may increase the total scientific yield from funding schemes while creating better conditions for talent development in academia and for diversity in research areas and approaches.	5
The study also provided some suggestions to promote research productivity of Vietnam universities.	5
Engagement with scholarship occurs not only through referencing but also through authorship and mentions.	5
It appears that Sci-Hub is in a sense complementing the gold and green open access models, with preferential coverage of disciplines that are not well-covered through legal gold and green open access models.	5
Among others, the paper titled “Stratgey and Competition Big Data: With 1,605 citations, “The Management Revolution” by Andrew McAfee and Erik Brynjolfsson has named the most referenced article (to the date of performing this study).	4
The RCR utilizes an article’s co-citation network to normalize its impact to its particular field of study [5].	3
Each reported figure is the coefficient on scores from a single Poisson regression of grant outcomes on NIH peer-review scores; standard errors are reported in parentheses.	3
To assess the two fragmentation types for the social and intellectual dimension of the IS discipline systematically, our KNI approach adopts a social network analysis (SNA) perspective (Wasserman & Faust, 1994) and its metrics.	3
Figures 1, 2, and 3 show the how each of the now famous papers by Stroop (1935), Maslow (1943), and Simon (1956) lay dormant for forty years or more before being awakened by a 'prince'.	4
Nigeria, South Africa, and Uganda topped the list of the most-published articles, with 76 (33.3%), 71 (31.1%), and 12 (5.3%), respectively.	4
This study utilizes an advanced bibliometric approach involving three-field plots and thematic mapping to quantitatively analyze the bidirectional knowledge flows between SLA and other disciplines.	3
Table 6 shows that the USA has the most internationally spread network of interaction with universities—81 foreign countries are source of paper citations (Europe plus 41 countries).	4
Articles were compared by funding group according to the following criteria to give more insight into the activities involved in the research : (a) the number of countries, i.e.	3
On the one hand, institutions with more (resp., less) international collaborations are proven to be able to move up (resp., drop) their rankings according to Twitter counts.	5
To understand whether this is the case, a principal component analysis (PCA) was performed on the official and recalculated measures.	3
The h-index of X, denoted h(X), is the largest natural number such that the first h coordinates have each at least a value h.	3
For the whole period, observable differences between men and women (age, seniority, PhD studies) explain 75 % of the productivity gap (endowments).	4
In this study, we address the question how strong fields influence the citation rates of papers beyond FICs.	1
This research is not free of limitations, principally due to its qualitative nature.	0
Specifically, a probabilistic topic model called LDA was employed to automatically identify main topics (the optimal number of topics is 19) from each abstract of the papers (Blei et al., 2003).	3
This paper presents the views of the Uruguayan peer reviewers on the evaluation of technological outputs and their stance on the link between scientific publication and technological production.	1
Nevertheless, we believe that the current paper provides a broad view on marine biodiversity as a field and regional collaboration patterns within it, and serves as an important first step in analyzing the field and its political dimensions.	5
The data in Table 2 indicate that policy breaches by the author and the journal/ publisher investigations accounted for 44.3 and 40.9% of the retracted publications, respectively.	4
Table 2 Publication counts of 168 research subjects in CNKI (2015)	0
One would expect that journals which publish a great number of articles each year would have increased likelihood of citations because of the larger pool of citable articles.	0
In spite of the highly selective nature of excellence funding, all groups employ dedicated strategies to maximize their chances of acquiring it, which we call strategic anticipation.	4
A scholar is represented by a list s = (S1, .	2
Furthermore, in a (Twitter-mediated) conversation, the question was posed whether, during academic conferences, Twitter registered similar levels of use by physicists working in different subdisciplines.	1
It seems that German and Dutch authors are very well represented in educational journals with a psychological orientation, whereas the areas of technology, higher education, and adult education appear as particular domains of research in Spain and the Scandinavian countries.	4
The conclusion is that the aggregation of unit performance is of limited use due to the low levels of internal development of the websites, and so its use is not recommended for the design of rankings.	5
Our results raise intriguing questions about how rising inequalities will shape the evolution of science.	5
The primary databases are the journal quality ranking lists contained in the 49th edition of Harzing's Journal Quality List (JQL49) [32] and the Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports [14, various years]:	2
When the research findings are evaluated by examining trends according to years, some research areas such as big data, cloud computing, and social media are getting more attention in conferences.	4
Findings were reported using descriptive statistics, the chi-square test for equality of proportions, and multiple regression where appropriate.	3
An initial sample of open access library science journals was created based on three lists from previously identified key articles.	2
Wild cluster robust bootstrapping (WCB) can mitigate this problem (Cameron and Miller, 2015).	3
Years 2008 and 2009 were the most productive years, marking the publication of 14 top-cited reviews each, followed by years 2002, 2004, 2007, 2010 and 2012 (n = 8).	4
This paper analyses the evolution of co-authorship amongst social scientists in Slovenia over the three decades between 1991 and 2020 using bibliographic databases.	1
We then selected 30 journals (Appendix B) to represent CS according to their category assignments.	2
A visual inspection of the distribution of the clusters in Fig 1 shows the following stylized features: (1) Health Sciences and Mathematics tend to share different clusters than those of Social Sciences; (2) the network structure shows several consistent patterns over time for both low-income and high-income countries; (3) Business and Economics are very close in half of the clusters, but they seem to become more isolated from other disciplines more recently in high-income countries; (4) Engineering, Physics, and other STEM-related sciences are often clustered or are related through inter-cluster links, demonstrating their commonalities; (5) for low-income countries, the associations between Agricultural, Veterinary, and Immunology are strong and consistent; and (6) Mathematics and Computer Sciences form a strong inter- or intra-cluster link in all but one sub-period and income cluster, forming one of the most consistent linkages among all pairs of disciplines.	4
The results show the importance of the National Cancer Institute (NCI) in both breast and ovarian cancer.	4
Received: 27 July 2018 Revised: 10 September 2018 Accepted: 11 September 2018	0
Google Trends (https://trends.google.com) is a web service launched in 2006 to visualize Google search statistics for terms based on queries entered into Google search engine (Vaughan and Chen 2015).	2
Based on the results of the present study, there is an association between certain title characteristics of healthcare articles and inclusion in the “Altmetric Top 100”.	5
Due to the absence of a formalized registry of medical educators, we sampled available editorial board membership (considered a proxy for identifying 'career' medical educators) to establish h-index values.	2
We divided the world into seven regions: Europe (defined as all the countries of the European Union plus other European countries like Switzerland, Norway, Iceland and the ex-Yugoslavian countries), North America (defined as USA and Canada), Latin America,6 Africa, Asia,7 Oceania and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS).	2
This vector, yi, for i = 1, .	3
The peer review process is defined by its required level of quality control, noted as s, with 0<s<1.	3
Cohen's kappa (Cohen, 1960) interrater agreement values were calculated for each facet.	3
Results show that CPD varies significantly by discipline, with chemistry researchers having the highest CPD (15.3%), followed by physics researchers (12.7%), and mathematics researchers (7.1%).	4
In particular, we compare the number of linked references in MA and WoS on the level of individual publications.	1
But since the relative rankings appear not to have changed much since the earlier analyses cited above, which were mainly done in the 1970s, I use only the updated values of prestige, concentration, and citation frequency as explanatory variables in the regressions.	0
He is also lecturer at the Humboldt-University in Berlin, and the Technical Universities in Karlsruhe and Berlin.	0
We investigate how the scientific community's perception of a scientist's prior work changes when one of his articles is retracted.	1
Hopefully, this will help to further expand the scientific impact of European cardiovascular research.	5
First, to evaluate the efficiency of researchers of the same discipline (i.e., medicine) and record for the first time, to the Authors' best knowledge, the research activity of all Greek university medical schools.	1
If only the top 20 countries are considered, the US accounts for 45, 45, and 55%, respectively, in the co-institutional networks in terms of degree, betweenness, and eigenvector centralities.	4
In total, 15,422 patent filings citing Chinese pharmaceutical patents, 28,075 patent filings citing U.S. patents, and 6064 citing both were retrieved and downloaded during February 6-10, 2016.	2
We contacted the journals by email again between 6 December 2017 and 2 January 2018 to confirm our findings.	3
By invoking the perplexity method from the LDA model class, the perplexity values for different models were obtained, as shown in Figure 1.	3
The analysis of collaborative contribution networks and hot spots in earthquake research from a global perspective will reveal some rules and trends in this field that will provide references and macroguidance for scientific researchers in the field.	1
Approximately one-third of the studies were classified as funded (n=477, 34.8%), and most of them (n=292, 61.2%) had only 1 source of funding (Table 2).	4
This section highlights examples of key influencing features of “precision” cross-disciplinary science, including team composition, disciplinary diversity, degree of knowledge integration, readiness/maturity of relevant sciences, and the capacity of researchers and scientific communities to recognize the value and possibilities of cross-disciplinary science.	3
The results expounded here evidence a significant volume of research output from Argentina having international visibility, and that it multiplied by five during the period studied.	5
To better understand funding decisions, we studied the grant allocation process in more detail, and compared the notion of talent in grant allocation with more general notions of talent existing in the academic work environment.	1
The tweeted papers received 68.4% more citations on average than non-tweeted papers.	4
The Web of Science Core Collection, Food Science and Technology Abstracts and CAB Abstracts were searched to identify publications by researchers in the Food Science department for 2008–2018 period.	2
Trainees should aim to increase their bibliometric indices (h-index and number of manuscripts) to display a propensity for academics.	5
The present study has identified publications on leishmaniasis in the Medline database from 1945 to 2010, analyzing them according to bibliometric indicators and statistics from social network analysis.	2
In essence, this principle can be summarized as: (A) Resource volume, concentration and stability Time/resource slack and critical mass/available partners → collaboration → new connections of expertise to address new/old problems and a higher degree of risk taking in research.	5
By identifying a dominant normativity shaping EER peer review and its provenance in disciplinary origins, the findings presented in this article reveal differences between EER and other disciplines in terms of how quality is conceptualized, perhaps most notably in terms of how theory fits into those conceptualizations.	5
Notes: * = Only countries that published 2000 or more papers during the 11-year period.	0
This article drew its data from multiple sources.	2
The following Table 2 lists a total of 56 databases included (not included databases are listed here2).	2
There were nine male and twelve female participants, six of the participants were junior researchers with less than 10 years' experience in research and 15 were senior researchers with more than 25 years of research experience.	2
4,050 original articles of them were randomly selected for similarity analysis.	2
Internationalists tend to spend less time than locals on teaching-related activities, more time on research, and more time on administrative duties.	4
First, we introduce the volatility index as the IF change, Af (c)—or relative change, Af,(c)—when a single paper cited c times is published by a journal of IF f and size N.	3
Studies have found that the retracted status of publications can vary significantly across different bibliographic databases.	4
To explicitly use Chinese physicists and statisticians as a control group in the analysis, we estimate the following regression equation: Returni = β0 + β1Econi + β2Initiali + β3Econi ?	3
(2) What are the major topics in research papers related to the TGP?	1
What are the differences and similarities among national ranking systems in terms of the indicators they employ?	1
This sample is comprised of 1,796 articles written by 1,880 distinct authors for whom we hand-collect detailed biographical information.	2
Other recent work has sought to extract more information from citation records than is afforded by simple citation counts (e.g., Wang et al., 2013; Hutchins et al., 2016).	0
As experience shows, to better assess the role and trends of each section of accounting science, it is necessary to reasonably differentiate what is a promising direction from what is just a fashionable trend.	0
After removing duplicates and irrelevant documents, only 19 papers [40, 43–60] were found that were dealing with methodological issues.	2
The specialization profiles of Mexican scientific production are focused on Medicine, followed by Agriculture and Biological Sciences, Physics and Astronomy and Engineering.	4
Simultaneously, there has been a rapid increase in the number of authors, na(t) from 2015 onward.	4
In terms of the FWI publications, authors from mainland France were the primary collaborators (1754, 35%); for publications from the DR, the US provided the largest number of collaborators (898; 43%).	4
The prestige or quality of the departments in these studies were assessed by panels of raters or by the research output of the faculty.	0
In this context, many of social scientists proposed theories that can help in explaining the associated and the influential factors on the national research productivity.	0
A higher density of PhD students help in increasing the publication rate as well as the two indices of quality publications but is subject to congestion (as a threshold effect exists after there is a counter effect).	5
Additional Key Words and Phrases: Influence mining, mutual reinforcement, literature ranking	0
To build the co-author and co-word networks, we used Python for data processing and calculations of the graph entropy.	3
For example, an h-Index of 5 means that five publications have been cited five or more times.	0
A total of 160 journals were selected for sending invitations for participation in the research; 74 journal editors or their deputies responded to the invitation.	2
4 Proportions of each EU country's publications that involved collaborations with the UK and Germany	0
Ranking bias hurts the usefulness of a ranking algorithm because it returns a ranking list with an undesirable time distribution.	1
(Received on 21st August 2020, accepted in revised form 30th November 2020)	0
Data were obtained from 99 departmental websites for a total of 1225 academic neurosurgeons.	2
The results of the citation modelling based upon the discretised lognormal distribution show that the geometric mean is the most precise, the proportion of a nation's articles in the top 50% is almost as precise and that the proportion of a nation's articles in the top 1% is by far the least precise, at least under the assumption that the countries compared and the overall sample have the same standard deviation parameter.	5
The investigation uses bibliometric indicators to represent the bibliographic data, including the total number of publications and citations between 1967 and 2017.	3
This study has implications for theory, research management and research policy.	5
These findings suggest that a significant portion, if not the most important part, of Psychology is not heavily theoretically laden but rather focused on the applied side (Henriques, 2019; Yang & Chiu, 2009).	5
Furthermore, the number of countries and international institutions contributing OM research is also increasing.	5
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY-April 2008	0
These results suggest that, at least for this sample, the TS score of a publication tends to stabilize within 4 years after a paper is published.	4
From the original editorial articles, the following information has been collected: publication year, number of authors, institution type of first authors, collaboration type and country of authors.	3
Throughout our analyses we differentiate between disciplinary and interdisciplinary collaboration, to assess whether the factors associated with increased numbers of collaborations vary between the two.	1
Four journals (1.3%) accepted our paper, 291 (94.5%) journals rejected the paper, and 13 (4.2%) requested a revision.	4
*These are “younger” journals with less than 10 years of publication prior to 1980, the beginning of the period studied.	0
For instance, in Figure 1, A–I are all nodes while links such as A → B is an edge.	0
The objective of this study is to verify if obtaining a doctorate degree favors scientific production.	1
Eleven countries (Colombia, Spain, Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, Chile, USA, Peru, Portugal, Venezuela, and France) concentrate 95% of the production of psychology publications.	4
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
A polynomial regression model can be expressed as follows: y = β0 + β1x1 + β2x2 + β3x12 + β4x22 + β5x1x2 + ?	3
We use an alternative methodology to compare (1) the research performance and (2) the scholarly communication profile of AKA-funded research to the Finnish universities' entire output across the major fields of arts and sciences.	1
Topic continuity comprises six attributes: steady, concentrating, diluting, sporadic, transforming, and emerging topics; topic popularity comprises three attributes: rising, declining, and fluctuating.	3
There are many means by which editors can inappropriately manipulate journal impact factors, but questions remain as to whether these potentially inappropriate behaviors actually influence these scores to an empirically meaningful degree, and which academic disciplines are most culpable.	1
This paper, by means of quantitative and qualitative analysis based on a vast investigation, talks about the anomie in China's academic publishing from the following three aspects: first, disorders in format; second, misspellings & improper expressions of English language; third, misconduct in ethics.	1
In this paper, a leader’s research performance was measured by both the number of publications and the number of citations.	3
Instead, we adopted a compositional regression approach using base 2 additive log-ratios (Coenders & Pawlowsky-Glahn, 2020).	3
Our mediating effects show that the evidence of a bias against diversity is weaker for teams led by prestigious researchers.	4
Second, I find little evidence that the PAP induced widespread discrimination, by toll access journals, against NIH articles that was not offset by other factors such as editor decisions or author submission behavior.	5
After multivariate adjustment, declarative titles with a lower number of uncommon words were significantly more represented in the Altmetric list, with declarative titles having 2.8 times the odds of being in the top list (OR: 2.8; 95%CI: 1.2 to 6.4).	4
The different indices used in our analysis confirm the leading role of South Africa, Uganda, Malawi, Botswana, Zimbabwe and Mozambique.	5
The case of ES science enabled us to document the influence of affective governing strategies on the recent development of ecological sciences.	5
Through centrality analysis, correlation analysis, factor analysis, and visualization analysis, the two coupling analysis methods of Inventor Bibliographic-Patent-Coupling (IBPCA) and Inventor Patent Classification-Coupling (IPPCA) are compared.	1
In the perspective of exploring the evolution of Bremopics and trends in emerging research fields, the goal of this study is to apply different techniques (entity linking, Mann–Kendall test, and burst analysis) that can clarify the complementary aspects in scientific and technological development (Coccia and Wang, 2016; Coccia and Watts, 2020; Coccia, 2021; Mosleh et al., 2022; Huang and Hsu, 2017; Liu and Wang, 2022).	1
To minimize bias, the analysts took part in a briefing session concerning the importance of reflexivity prior to beginning the analysis.	0
One extremely well-confirmed finding is that peer review is unreliable when research proposals are innovative—that is, research that deviates from accepted scientific norms in at least one important respect (Guthrie et al.	4
It also exhibits higher accuracy than deep learning classification based solely on explicit and dominant features.	4
The results also indicate that there is a need to raise the awareness of the harm that predatory journals can cause to the scholars and how they can avoid these journals.	4
The University of Central Florida is the most productive institution although Ashikaga Institute of Technology is the most influential one according to the number of citations.	4
In a sample of 315 Flemish biomedical scientists, no less than 15% admitted they had fabricated, plagiarized or manipulated data in the past 3 years.	4
In short, the knowledge base environment of CSS is diverse, and the social science aspect is restricted within the interdisciplinary co-citation network.	4
Drawing on cooperative game theory, our research problem is to translate into mathematical equations the rules that govern the social impact of a paper in a citation network.	1
Our analysis comprised 836 papers published in 2014-2016 and revealed patterns of ACI values that relate to career advancement.	2
The 1st RPC (RPC1) was mainly composed of mutually correlated h, Ctot and P.	4
On a city level, we observed a phenomenon of decentralisation of citations in the USA, with the San Francisco Bay Area and the East Coast (New York, Washington, Baltimore, Boston) losing their advantage in terms of visibility.	5
The distribution of NSF specialties in the reference lists is used to compute the above interdisciplinarity indicators for any given paper.	3
Three commercially indexed OA journals were examined: Current Issues in Education (CIE) and education policy analysis archive (EPAA), both published by Mary Lou Fulton Teachers College of Arizona State University (USA), and Education Next (EN), published by the Hoover Institution of Stanford University (USA).	2
The hard data identifying incentive-seeking behaviour with regard to (1) universities, (2) specific journals and (3) even specific authors, has been summated in omnibus quantitative surveys conducted by the Centre for Research on Evaluation, Science and Technology (CREST, Stellenbosch University) for the Academy of Science of South Africa (ASSAf).	2
From 1996 to 2014, the increasing rate is as high as about 69.37% worldwide.	4
For this purpose, odds or odds ratios (OR) are used here to present the proportions (PPtop-10%) in a form that indicates in a simple way the performance of a university in comparison with a reference unit</PROBLEM_OR_APPLICATION> (Acock, 2014; Bland & Altman, 2000).	3
For this analysis of the scientific communications as observed from the Chilean field itself, I have taken three basic disciplines of the social sciences: sociology, which has achieved notable progress in becoming established institutionally in this country during the 1960s; political science, at first with strong links with and dependence upon sociology but gradually consolidating its own institutionality since the 1980s; and anthropology, which made early progress in the country, at the beginning of the 20th century, although its institutionalization and development have been slower (Fuentes and Santana, 2005; Garretón, 2005; Palestini et al., 2010; Ramos, 2005; Ramos and Canales, 2009; Rehren, 2005).	2
The surveys were distributed to all faculty in the LSI and ethical permission was obtained from the UBC Behavioural Research Ethics Board.	0
Two potential explanations for the disparity in OPR's impact on citations compared to altmetrics are proposed.	5
Percentage Increase in Undergraduates Associated with 100% Increase in Another Product or Characteristic of an American Doctoral University	0
The University of Manchester, London School of Economics, and London Business School are the top-three HEIs using 44 accounting and finance journals for the full sample.	4
We see that journals depositing article level metadata have a lower risk of being removed during the clean-up process, 16.4 percent compared to 24.5 percent.	4
Later, the corpus was analysed using the VOSviewer software to generate different scientific landscapes and networks.	3
The strong relationship between group and respective epistemic anchor prevents Kuhnian concepts of scientific communities (and derivatives) from being a possible interpretation for the results of co-citation analyses.	4
To explore possible mechanisms of the advantage received from collaboration with an SC author, we analyze whether there are more collaborations with SC authors after the initial one.	5
In this work, we examine the impact factor rank-ordered distribution within each of the subject categories of journal citation reports (JCR) in the year 2011.	2
A tutorial of these steps using an example from a medical care setting can be found in Bewick et al.	0
The Spearman correlation of Mendeley readerships with citation impact indicators showed moderate correlations (r = 0.49) between the two variables which is also found in other previous studies (Bar-Ilan 2012; Priem et al.	5
This study investigates faculty members from China's State Key Laboratories (SKLs) of universities and explores how interdisciplinarity relates to their subsequent research performance.	1
Therefore, we follow this approach and log transformed the raw citations after adding 1 and run the general linear regression model.	3
The survey uses the last scholarly reading as a stand in for a 'critical' incident of reading.	3
In conclusion, the publication rate at the CCC is only marginally lower than that reported for large international North American and European cardiology conferences (30.6%).	5
As a result, we derived 40 keywords in terms of novelty and fast growth.	4
The proposed framework by this article was tested with the ESMQ and found to be a feasible tool for managing scientific journals and expanding the boundaries of knowledge.	5
* This research was funded by Eski?ehir Osmangazi University Scientific Research Projects Commission (Project Numbered 2014/21007).	0
United States of America is the most productive country in SLN imaging, contributing 38 manuscripts.	4
This research aimed to develop a methodology that can characterize funding agencies in relation to different technology types based on the information in the Acknowledgements sections of sponsored articles.	5
One of the main problems in using ISI data for evaluations is that address data has not been standardised	0
Given the binary form of our dependent variable (awarded outcome), we use logistic regression to estimate the impact of different factors on the likelihood of an awarded outcome for research proposals.	3
In tables, “Cits” represents the sum of citations, “Pubs” stands for the sum of publications “Socio” stands for the total collaborators of a researcher representing the sociability.	0
In order to build the DEA keywords co-occurrence network, all the keywords in all DEA papers published in the period 2008–2017 were collected.	2
To retrieve the data, we used Web of ScienceTM Core Collection.	2
This article aims to discuss the contemporary activities and roles that scientific associations play in science and society.	1
This study employs an extensive empirical dataset to explore the potential of disruptive innovation to enhance the societal visibility of scientific research.	1
By examining citation frequency, three articles stand out as the most influential articles in the journal's history based on their NCII (Table 7).	4
The journals in the figure are listed by impact factor from low to high.	0
The Scopus search retrieved 2,698 research papers and reviews published by 159 peer-reviewed journals.	2
1 Self-citations are citations from an article to other articles from the same journal.	0
However, we argue that blanket recommendations to include grey literature mask two different issues with potentially different solutions, and that a one-size-fits-all approach to information retrieval in conservation syntheses fails to adequately address either problem.	1
Here we reviewed the literature from El Salvador in that database in the context of international science.	1
Received: 30 November 2021 / Accepted: 16 February 2023 / Published online: 8 March 2023	0
From 1997 to 2016, the number of CELAJs indexed by JCR (including SCIE and SSCI) increased 10-fold to 188 from 19, and the average journal IF increased from 0.1948 to 1.9223 (see Figs 4 & 5).	4
Women with similar credentials have at least 20 percent higher odds to get tenure than men.	4
The Web of Science was used as the source of the data.	2
The 25 million documents (42 terabytes) it hosts and distributes for free are mostly research articles, textbooks, and books in English.	2
Over 23-year period, the number of diabetes publications and related citations in Middle East countries had increasing trend.	4
The design of our empirical analysis unfolds in three separate steps.	3
The RPYS method shows the seminal publications that could be important to the development of a particular research area that should be taken into account while analyzing the past.	5
To collect bibliographic records of articles citing HBPLE published between 1949 and 2013, we searched the multidisciplinary citation index database Web of Science (WoS), which provides users access to a wide range of bibliographic and citation information from articles published in international journals over a long timespan.	2
a much stronger use of ‘superiority' clichés and self-referential keywords ?	5
Publications of expressions of concern and retractions should be timely, accurate and comprehensive.	1
This analysis revealed sub-disciplinary differences in the use of the two encyclopedias.	4
Transcripts were analyzed using NVivo 11 software and inductive content analysis (Elo and Kyng?s 2008).	3
5 Trend of market share of four stages of nanotechnology value chain	0
LSA is an unsupervised, quantitative content analysis (Landauer, Foltz, & Laham, 1998; Smith & Humphreys, 2006).	3
To my knowledge, the prevalence of these forms of authorship in psychology journals has yet to be examined.	0
First, we develop a measure of innovation based on novelty and persistence, quantifying the collective acceptance of novel language and ideas.	3
4 Division of Bone Diseases, Geneva University Hospital and Faculty of Medicine, Geneva, Switzerland	0
Using publication data for 347 economics journals from 1980–2017, as well as from three major generalist science journals, we analyze how articles written by repeat authors fare vis-à-vis less-experienced authors.	1
In this research paper, we will analyze the Moroccan research output on water resources as indexed in Web of Science and Scopus databases to provide science indicators about target journals for this output, an overview of the authors, institutions and established research collaborations concerned by this domain as well as the main trends of the Moroccan water research topics.	1
The main goal of biomedical journals is to publish high-quality scientific information.	1
Of 44 sampled grant awards, 38.6% (n = 17) of teams published at least one article including two-way linkages, and the rest of the teams did not.	4
The participants of the study were 95 scholars from 34 different universities and 29 different departments in Turkey.	2
Critical incident technique using semi-structured interview guides was utilized to further explore the motivating drivers behind the publication performance of scientists.	3
The publication parameters were normalized to the number of faculty members in each institute as listed on the institutional web page.	3
EFL3 students enrolled together in a paraphrasing course (See Appendix A for the course syllabus).	2
The Times Higher Education World University Rankings 2013-2014):	3
The study examined 1223 articles published in these 13 journals in the year 2015, except for 1 journal for which data for 2104 have been used.	2
Given these concerns, our study employs a novel method, using simulated, data-driven, and narrative personas of fictional candidates, to identify the attributes that significantly influence panelist choices and profile what an optimal candidate would look like.	1
Then, a questionnaire was sent to Egyptian and Saudi scholars as they were found to be the top Arab contributors in these journals.	2
Doc number of documents per type of collaboration, Auth average number of authors in each set of documents, Org average number of organisations in each set of documents, Art number of articles per type of collaboration, AvgCites average cites per article, %No cites percentage of articles without citations, AvgIF average impact factor of articles, %Q1 percentage of articles in the first quartile	0
Hence, it is clear that the evaluation of research presupposes the evaluation of its outputs.	0
Our objective was to explore the structure of the field and ascertain how different research areas within this field reflect interdisciplinarity through citation patterns.	1
Furthermore, it is readily apparent that agencies, by and large, do not work together.	5
Pearson correlation test was used to investigate the potential correlations between the publication productivity of different countries and their GDP.	3
Spearman analysis was conducted to examine the correlations between citation counts and altmetric indicators in different fields.	3
This growth presents an acceleration around the year 2000, consistent with a much easier access to search engines and documents produced by the generalization of the Internet.	4
The scholarly output of these academic staff members will be assessed using the g-index and, when moving to collective entities, with the aid of the rational, successive g-index proposed by Tol.	3
To limit potential for undue influence of guidelines/scientific statements, sensitivity analysis was performed excluding this article type.	3
The paper explores the role of citation indexes in defining academic authenticity (and contesting accusations of 'fakery') in a commercial publishing environment.	1
The data set consists of the download data of 979 books, published by thirty-five different publishers.	2
Author B and author C reviewed the work and suggested changes for improvement.	0
The analysis is based on the personal networks of a sample of 32 academic staff members of 4 institutions of the research system in Catalonia, Spain: University A (n = 21), University B (UB, n = 2), the National Scientific Council of Research in Catalonia (CSIC, n = 5), and the Catalan Institute for Research and Advanced Studies (ICREA; n = 4).	2
Rightly he emphasized at the outset that informal co-operation arising out of personal and informal contacts between individual scientists is of supreme importance and even in volume probably exceeds organized co-operation.	0
The information contents were utilised to a large extent; the submission of content for archiving on IR was very low; journal articles, conference/ seminar papers were the materials mostly submitted for archiving in IR.	4
A total of 18,285 records in 3499 journals were retrieved in the Web of Science Core Collection database and included in the final analysis.	2
We summarize our model-based findings about changes in ties in five points:	0
To better understand the knowledge relationship among disciplines through direct and indirect citations, we aim to address the following research question: Do direct and indirect citations effectively measure knowledge flow among disciplines?	1
We identified 169 researchers involved in the eight NDCs and collected data on their publications in 2000–2014 based on the broad journal headings (i.e., disciplinary knowledge domains) assigned to publishing journals and their citations from PubMed.	2
The mean impact factor of the SCI-E journals in which the articles were published was found to be 1.71±1.12.	4
A neuro-imaging article was defined as any study that mainly focuses on imaging technique, utility of imaging, or diagnostic imaging interpretation for brain and spinal cord.	2
We extracted address information from each paper separately by using isi.exe, a free software package developed by Leydesdorff (1989) and classified each paper into one of the following sectors: “university," "industry," or "government."	2
It turns out that the mathematical results necessary to address this issue have already been developed.	5
As expected, the redistribution fraction F controls the shape of the distribution, with low values creating a nearly uniform distribution (less redistribution) and high values creating a highly biased distribution (more redistribution).	4
A statistically significant association was found between the journal impact factor and the number of top 100 cited articles (P < .005).	4
Moreover, our study followed Baron and Kenny's (1986) procedure, using international collaboration papers as a mediating variable to explore whether recruiting TYTS Scientists can increase their peer's academic output by promoting the opportunities of international collaboration.	3
CRJ had the most citations of all the journals (n=6,252), which accounts for over half of the total.	4
None of the individual journals showed a significant difference between acceptance rates for men and women either as first authors or as corresponding authors (Appendix S1: Table S3), except Ecological Monographs where the acceptance rate for male corresponding authors was 5.8% greater than for females (P = 0.018).	4
Distribution of scientists according to number of fields of their professional activity	0
Marginally more in anonymous, with approximately 10% more posts per reviewer-paper pair (n = 2281, p = 0.051).	4
We then calculated Editor Seniority as the year of interest (e.g.	3
Conversely, the proportion of ‘classic' papers and non-journal publications cited, as well as the temporal span of the reference list, have no significant influence on articles' citations.	4
This paper concludes that the progress of the research communities across Nigeria's higher institutions is centred on the provision of appropriate funding.	5
By reviewing formal worksheets archived online, it could be determined if a management change was recommended, if studies were over-read for quality assurance and if improvement was recommended to image acquisition or interpretation.	3
We then summarized the position in which the corresponding author was most frequently listed in the actual paper: first, second, third, penultimate or last, or in some other position.	3
These groups were created to carry out Information Technology Research (ITR) projects funded by NSF from 2000 to 2004, with up to $3 million per year for 5 years.	2
Received: 27 May 2022 / Accepted: 14 November 2022 / Published online: 19 December 2022	0
This study utilized the term features of fine-grained method entities to evaluate the distribution differences of four types of RMEs across different years, with the aim of exploring the evolution of research methods.	3
Social Studies of Science (SAGE, London, Beverly Hills and New Delhi), Vol.	0
We find that between 1974 and 2014 0.1% of publications in the top 50 economics journals were replication studies.	4
In conclusion, the following features define the typical highly cited article in interventional cardiology-a clinical trial conducted in the United States, which studies angioplasty, and has been published relatively recently in a high-impact journal by a male first author.	5
To identify highly discussed papers and make the resource more navigable, we integrated Altmetric data to identify papers that have received wide coverage in mass and social media.	3
The raw data regarding this study will be provided upon reasonable request from the corresponding author.	0
As shown in Table VIII, we totally identify 14 major research themes including Twitter-related research, Crisis communication research, Pharmacovigilance event detection, Sport related event, Experiment credibility, Text mining research, Health surveillance, Blog community review, etc.	4
The purposes of this study were to (1) compare the 2015 bibliometric data for English-language occupational therapy journals from the JCR, Scopus, Web of Science, and SJR 2015 databases; (2) compare the JCR 2- and 5-year IF with an imputed Impact Factor (IIF) calculated from SJR data; and (3) examine the correlations between JCR, Scopus, Web of Science, and SJR 2015 bibliometric data for English-language occupational therapy journals.	1
For the proposed deep learning, the accuracy, the F1 measure for growth, and the F1 measure for non-growth was 0.8672, 0.7428, and 0.9105, respectively.	4
We find that greater division of labor is associated with greater rates of retraction.	5
This study employs a secondary analysis of publicly available statistical data, including countries across the globe.	2
The next step was to establish how extensively each remaining term had been used within sociology itself.	0
The term "breast cancer" was used as the search term; 2009–2018 was selected as the timespan.	2
We conducted our first-round open coding of the review reports in a bottom-up approach and based on that, refined a codebook for an in-depth content analysis to explore and illustrate the differences between reviews from mixed panels and comprehensive panels.	3
This work aims at analyzing the citation network from the network perspective.	1
The pioneering Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU), which was first released in 2003 by the Institute of Higher Education at Shanghai Jiao Tong University, sought to determine how Chinese universities stacked up against ‘world-class universities’ around the world (Liu 2009).	4
For the full period analyzed, the GCI was 1.66, denoting the existence of an intangible glass ceiling in the ERC that stifles women's research careers and compels them to strive more than one-and-a-half times what men do.	4
Two databases are considered: the Science Citation Index and the Social Science Citation Index.	2
Next, the bibliometric publication dataset of these scientists was extracted from the Italian Observatory of Public Research (ORP), a database developed and maintained by the authors and derived under license from Thomson Reuters.	2
Of the total self-citations received by all the subject disciplines under study, 18.43% were_received alone in Medicine, highest among all, while as, Social and Humanistic sciences received less than 1.00% self-citations, the lowest among all the subject disciplines.	4
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Ethical approval Ethical approval was waived by the Institutional Review Board at Florida State University in view of the publicly available data used in the study.	0
This work was commissioned and funded by the UK Department of Health.	0
For this we combine data from the Web of Science (WoS) with Derwent Innovation (DI), which is based on the Derwent World Patents Index (DWPI).	2
Herein, we have utilised the unique resources of Publons to see how researchers and peer reviewers from the top most universities and institutions in Central Asia are represented.	1
The findings revealed that returnees and non-returnees were similar in a few teaching aspects.	4
To provide for quantitative measurement of these three qualitative characteristics we employ three corresponding indicators.	3
Do the three general medical journals differ in terms of bylines and contribution lists?	1
The goal of this article is to analyze the co-authorship patterns and networks in SBUMS's scientific publications in WOS from 2009 to 2013.	1
Finally, we estimated the top quality as the average Qs value among the top 10 published manuscripts ranked by Qs.	3
The university department is a computer science department located in a Netherlands university.	2
This app reads the information through an Apache-Solr server via its API, downloading the information in the JSON format.	2
In short, women have a slightly lower propensity for international research collaboration than their male colleagues, and they tend to publish more single-authored articles than men.	4
In the 1950s, 0% of doctoral students published their research and by the 2000s, 73% of doctoral students published their research.	4
Although typically dedicated to research purposes, the level of previous third-party funding emerges as a strong predictor of QPT success.	4
As a benchmark, we decided to compare Sci-Hub's coverage to the access provided by a major research library.	3
The most relevant country in terms of both the number of papers and citations received is the United States, with 546 papers and 10,374 citations.	4
The top two most influential journals in Internet research are American Economic Review and Journal of Personality and Social Psychology.	4
Authors considered a Similarity Index of > 20% as suspected research misconduct.	3
The results show that the training for academics in STEM fields in Korea has evolved over the last three decades.	4
As we have seen in this study, the item-oriented approach and the fine-graded DCC solutions by far surpass normalization based on these journal subject categories, making it unlikely that the best performing ex-ante approach would come out on top.	5
Statistics and biostatistics modeling was the most common topic (n=71), followed by artificial intelligence (n=12), and medical errors (n=3), other topics included data mining, diagnosis, bioinformatics, information retrieval, and medical imaging.	4
In contrast, during the 2000–2014 period, financial economics articles had the largest share, 36.19%, while international economics made up only 14.29% of the total.	4
Se tomaron todas las referencias bibliográficas de los documentos indexados por Scopus, estos incluyen artículos científicos (628 documentos), capítulos de libro (11 referencias), ponencias (27 registros) y libros (dos ejemplares) que fueron publicados en los a?os que abarcan de 1913 a 2022.	2
Finally, the publications of ninety-one Iranian epidemiologists were searched in WOS by August 2013.	2
It becomes apparent that in the case of economics, career moves are strongly associated with upward mobility; most scholars change affiliation to take up another professorship at one of the top five economics departments.	4
The most important research themes are Intellectual-Disability, Neck-Pain and Pain.	4
The most productive journals were Journal of Climate (n = 95) and the most frequent keyword have been climate change (n = 722).	4
The McMaster PLUS process provides reproducible and externally valid measures of clinical articles at the time of their publication, and ranking of journals for publication of articles of clinical importance.	5
The WOS category of Engineering Civil is the most popular area of the JCEM.	4
ANY studies of the sociology of modern science and the communication patterns of scientists now agree that one of the dominant characteristics is that form of organiza-tion which has become known as the “Invisible College.”	0
Through data collection from follow-up interviews, biographical information, and academic publication records, we tracked the postdocs' domestic and/or overseas postdoctoral career trajectories and subsequent employment status, with special attention paid to the role of doctoral mentors and postdoctoral international mobility.	2
As has been demonstrated in other studies, Google Scholar consistently identified more unique citations for this data set than did the other citation databases (Bauer & Bakkalbasi, 2005; Harzing & Van der Wal, 2007; Kulkarni et al., 2009).	4
This mixed-methods study included quantitative data collection through a Research Electronic Data Capture survey and curriculum vitae (CV) submission and qualitative interviews.	3
If the mission and focus of academic library personnel are to serve and to support students and faculty in the search for current research studies, then library personnel ought to be open to an inclusion of the independent, non-indexed, somewhat flawed, and less immediately visible content living on the open web.	5
Using unique, new, matched UMETRICS data on people employed on research projects and Author-ity data on biomedical publications, this paper shows that National Institutes of Health funding stimulates research by supporting the teams that conduct it.	1
Totally 6009 documents of all types including articles, biographical items, book reviews, corrections, editorial materials, and letters, meeting abstracts, news items and reviews were retrieved.	2
The bibliometric indicators, namely the number of documents, citations, coauthorship, bibliographic coupling and cocitation are used to examine the behavior of authors, documents, journals, institutions and countries in the connected research domain.	3
From the 634 theses defended in 2010 in the 16 French odontology faculties, we found only one article, in a journal without impact factor, and six abstracts, over a 3-year period (2009–2011).	4
The results showed that the proposed MPNN model outperformed the other five baseline models, and the features in the reference dimension were the most important.	4
Received: 29 January 2022 / Accepted: 14 August 2022 / Published online: 30 August 2022	0
Studying productive and highly cited authors who published uncited paper(s).	3
GMF-related research is a young field with a newly established intellectual base, and widely recognized as bio-science study.	4
This bibliometric analysis investigates the scope and evolution of research on the supercritical CO2 extraction of essential oils from aromatic and medicinal plants.	1
A total of 75,887 research articles were retrieved on the date of data retrieval and put to analysis.	4
The perception of higher education teaching has changed in recent years.	5
We use the general framework introduced in Marchant (2009a).	3
The following two research questions are guiding our analysis: How can we encode the relational dimension of articles, and which are its properties?	1
Because the formula used to calculate the new CiteScore contains more items representing early citations, it has a bias in favor of journals that have high proportion of early citations within 4 years after publication.	4
The scaling exponent for the power-law correlation for domestic collaborative papers was 1.22 ± 0.04 indicating that citations grew by 21.22or 2.32 times when the number of domestic papers doubled.	4
In the case of liposomes, our results identify subnetworks (invisible colleges) associated with different therapeutic strategies: nanopharmacology, hyperthermia, and gene therapy.	4
The median time between the publication of the original article and the publication of the retraction was 24 months, that is, 2 years.	4
The analysis showed that there were 1860 Iran-based writers involved in the production of documents about the neuroscience field.	2
Bradford's law [22], was used to determine the distribution of scientific literature on Lassa fever in this study.	3
By comparing the original references to the propositions being cited, the authors of this paper have sought to quantify the accuracy of referencing.	1
FIGURE 1 Aggregate statistics on the extent to which reviewers are anonymized in journals' review process.	0
In order to enhance the number of words in domain-specific keywords, build lexicons with more terms, and expand the terms that can be matched, we studied several weighting systems, including the latent semantic indexing [13] and Word2Vec [14] models.	3
The correlation processing was set up to examine nine journal metric indicators: the LJUR supplied local authorship, LJUR local citation, LJUR external citation, full-text COUNTER download usage, link resolver clickthrough results, and four global journal impact service indexes.	3
However, the question that which publication date is more suitable to be used in the calculation of various bibliometric indicators still needs further investigation (Donner 2018; Gai et al.	5
It refers to documents published in the years from 2012 to 2016, indexed by the Science Citation Index Expanded, the Social Sciences Citation Index and the Arts & Humanities Citation Index of the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS).	2
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Yet, more than half (51.9 %) of the articles have no Granger causal effect between the time series.	4
In narrowing 14 smaller categories into 5 bigger ones, multiple counts of links from some Assembly members can occur.	0
In contrast, both PWR and jPWR are designed to measure how each journal impacts and is impacted by other journals based on the same citation network information.	5
Table 3 shows the size-independent AC values (RelAC) for the different countries, whereas the AC values have been divided by the total number of papers of the specific country and multiplied with 100 in order to obtain percentages: RelAC = AC/Np * 100	3
The results of Model 1 indicate that lead articles have additional citations compared to other articles, while controlling for journal effects.	4
non-TS) are consistently in favor of non-TS, apart from propensity to collaborate at the international level (CEF)— the latter being the sole exception in which TSs prevail.	4
Calculations are based on networks after the removal of isolated nodes	0
The quantitative results reveal the existence of 19 important topics, which can be grouped together into four main areas: processes, information technology, library and specific areas of information application.	4
The predictive success of these models is around 75% if we count success using pairs of applicants.	5
This research is a descriptive survey including scientometric approaches.	3
This study builds on this work by providing insight into the perspectives of researchers in the lead up to the adoption of an open science policy within their institution.	1
In the second section, the results are presented, and finally, in the third section, the research conclusions and limitations are discussed.	0
We characterised three topics for the extracted word groups that frequently occurred.	4
Both US and Russian scientists perceived the Russian system of scientific enterprise as more closed and hierarchical, while they found the US system to be more open and egalitarian.	4
In our opinion, important characteristics such as transparency, accountability, and equality are no longer satisfactorily met by the author order recommendation.	5
Empirically, Association Strength is found to be orthogonal to Jaccard, Salton, and Dice-Sorensen, but shows no clear correlation with Pearson in high-density networks.	5
The Science Index service allows authors (since 2011) and organizations (since 2012) to actively maintain their publication and citation lists by themselves (Arefiev et al.	3
Science and Public Policy, volume 19, number 5, October 1992, pages 321-327, Beech Tree Publishing, 10 Watford Close, Guildford, Surrey GU1 2EP, England.	0
A full list of the variable medians and interquartile range (IQR) is available in Table 3.	0
However, the 'technologies' class struggled to achieve high precision, recall, or F1 scores, with the highest F1 score of 0.3641 observed in the partial mode.	4
This result on the one hand questions the use of Twitter counts for research evaluation purposes and on the other hand indicates potential use of Mendeley reader counts.	5
We have studied the h-index of individual researchers in the field of condensed matter physics using high-quality data from the ResearcherID data base.	5
This study can be considered as belonging to the second, that is, pragmatic approach.	1
We found that this relatively small group of academics held dominant control over academic promotions by repeatedly serving on promotion panels.	4
We would like to thank Jan Schubach and Matthias Buechel for developing the HTML version of the questionnaire.	0
The managerial aphorism that leading first-tier enterprises set industrial standards deserves academic explorations.	5
Post-hoc comparisons of h-indices between academic ranks were performed with the Mann-Whitney U test using a Bonferroni correction to the p-value to account for multiple comparisons.	3
Department of Software Engineering, Faculty of Computer Engineering, University of Isfahan, Isfahan, Iran	0
Surgeons in Sydney had the highest number of publications (n = 95; 35.4%), followed by Adelaide (n = 55; 20.5%) and Melbourne (n = 54; 20.1%).	4
Copublication is associated with a higher citation frequency of Cochrane reviews and may increase the impact factor of the journal in which it is copublished.	5
Nursing students (N = 482) from 2 universities in Saudi Arabia participated in this observational study.	2
In addition, we are not able to predict whether a paper will become an evergreen by some ex ante paper features such as the number of authors and references.	4
InCites uses data from Web of Science to enable analysis for research disciplines, organizations, publications, funding agencies, and areas related to scholarly output.	3
Data are presented as means with 95 per cent confidence intervals.	0
SJTU 2005 ranking for UK universities plotted against ranking for total Wok citations 2000-2004	0
EMS papers and a discussion on the obtained results complete the paper.	0
We employ a combination of state-of-the-art language modelling techniques to gain a fine-grained representation of the research topics on climate change, considering abstracts of 193,471 publications from 1990 to 2020.	3
Table 1 shows that the two institutes have a stable publication history relative to other Russian scientific institutes in terms of publication activity, in publishing approximately 150 articles per year.	4
The total number of publications from 2010 to 2016 attributed to the selected universities' profiles in Web of Science (WoS) (Science Citation Index Expanded, Social Sciences Citation Index, document types "article" and “review”) was used because publications included in WoS are primarily considered for evaluating the performances of the Project universities.	2
We assessed the factors in reported oral and maxillofacial surgery (OMS) studies associated with the number of citations.	1
Even though the SS & AI dataset is collected only from the SSCI index, the subject categories which dominate the network are computer science, engineering, bio-medical sciences, and medicine.	4
To visualize the evolution of disciplinary co-occurrence patterns, we first collected the discipline of the references cited by coronavirus-related research, and then processed the data into a specific format, and finally, dynamic network analysis in the CorText platform was employed for visualization.	3
The comparison is shown in Figure 2 and is described in the following sections.	0
Correspondence to Dr Nabil M Elkassabany, Anesthesiology & Critical Care, University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA; nabil.elkassabany@uphs.upenn.	0
This paper contributes to the field of science of science and innovation by advancing our understanding of temporal diversity in scientific knowledge and its implications for scientific impact and innovation.	5
As in the group-level analysis, the correlation between first author publications and time until promotion was significantly stronger than the correlation between total publications and time until promotion, Steiger's Z = 2.64, p < .01.	4
Single test administration reliability lambda2 was 0.69 and 0.90 on the test scores and expected a posteriori scores, respectively.	4
We conclude that the observed fluctuations in the THE do not correspond to actual university performance and ranking results are thus of limited conclusiveness for the university management of universities below a rank of 50.	5
Second, co-authorship analysis via network visualizations and analyses were performed using Pajek, Ucinet 6, and VOSviewer software packages.	3
The main purpose of this work is to design an analytical framework aimed at studying scientific software's impact metrics by collecting large amounts of data from multiple online data sources.	1
The implication of the study is that since the academics utilise the content of IR to a large extent but the rate of their submission is very low, there is need for sensitisation and creating awareness on the importance and use of IR.	5
Before running the full regression models, we conducted a cross tabulation to investigate differences in outcomes across the four groups of interest in Time 1.	0
This paper explores whether the top five Economics journals favor authors who share the journal's institutional affiliation.	1
The number of science-related patents has increased twice as fast as the number of patents and scientific publications, and the number of cited papers per patent has almost doubled.	4
Using an extension of the Theory of Planned Behavior (TPB) framework, this study aims to understand the antecedents of plagiarism.	1
Terms that distinguish abstracts as belonging to physics include "observe," "calculate," "determine," "allow," "state," and "show," as well as “known," suggesting a culture that is in line with Becher and Trowler's (2001) description of hard-pure sciences (including physics)-cumulative, or in Whitley's (1984) terms highly mutually dependent on previous research findings and ideas (as "known" would refer to previous research), concerned with quantities (as exemplified by "calculate"), with clear knowledge verification criteria (thus verbs such as "observe," "determine," and "show," which contain little, if any, interpretative luster).	4
The maps give, first of all, an impressive view of the size and complexity of research in society.	4
The aim of this paper is to provide a general overview of research performed in OR-MS over the last decades using bibliometric methods.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: 5 Howick Place, London, SW1P 1WG	0
In October 2013, a survey link was sent by e-mail to 3,002 APSA members randomly sampled from the membership with a PhD.1	2
More specifically, the study attempts to address the following research questions: 1 What new MeSH concepts were added from 2001 to 2010, and how popular they became?	1
Our dataset consists of longitudinal data on active graduate PhD scholars from 2007 to 2016.	2
Cluster 1,3,4,6 and 7 located in Quadrant III.	4
Our results suggest that the D-A-T path acts as a backbone and reveals important “invisible contributions” of an original scientific work during its evolution from discovery oriented research to outside academia.	5
The scholarly monographs being referenced in the data are primarily coming from abroad, although a shift in references to volumes of collected essays produced in the United States is evident as well.	5
Funding The author received no financial support for the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
This paper discusses how to translate the well-confirmed phenomenon of increasing citation of older scientific literature into an argument for the persistent citation impact of older scientific journal articles.	1
The figure describes the processes for obtaining and cleaning the data.	0
In this study, we examined international scientific collaboration at organization and sector levels to provide a better explanation of international scientific collaboration; previous studies have provided country-level analyses.	5
The Shapley additional explanations (SHAP) value is introduced to understand the decision-making process of machine learning models about predicting the role transition possibility and pace of scientific knowledge.	3
2 Observatoire des Sciences et des Technologies, Université du Québec à Montréal, Montréal, Québec, Canada	0
However, the answer may include how management researchers have increasingly and predominantly received rewards for pursuing trivialities that external constituencies find neither accessible nor relevant.	5
As can inferred from the result DSpace is the commonly used software with 70% followed by EPrint (15%) while unidentified software account for 10%, with one of the repositories (5%) using no software at all.	4
The organization provided data regarding reviewer activity for each journal in the 9 year period from 2006 to 2015, including the numbers of: peer review invitations, reviews in progress at the time of data extraction, outstanding invitations (invitations with no response at the time of data extraction), acceptances of review invitations, declines of review invitations, editor un-invitations and editor-terminated invitations before agreeing (used, e.g.	2
S: Specialist journals in the subfield; G: General journals; O: Journals covering other specialties.	0
A set of 30 queries complemented by two exclusion queries and an optional query has been built with the aim of capturing the scientific production in this field.	5
The SA index exhibits a high correlation with the JIF and the h-index (γ>0.9, p<0.01) and yields results with higher accuracy than the h-index.	4
The study included articles published between November 29, 2019 and December 25, 2020 and evaluated views and downloads through February 9, 2021 using standard bibliometrics.	2
We find that the trade openness in ideas have a negative correlation with population size (?0.23).	4
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
Outliers were identified statistically rather than manually, by running a linear regression on the data and calculating the Cook's distance for each data point.	3
The search covered the period from 2000 to 2022, and a total of 8874 records containing titles, study institutes, journals, keywords, abstracts, and other information were retrieved.	2
The principle themes of DB classics included delinquency (3) and sexual deviance (3).	4
For each paper, the following data were obtained: (a) Social activity of each OnSMP; (b) Time since publication (number of months since publication); (c) Number of authors; (d) Number of countries (according to authors' addresses); (e) Journal Impact Factor (available in Journal Citation Report/Institute of Scientific Information), (f) Number of citations (see data in Supplementary Material S1).	2
The rest of this paper is organised as follows: a brief literature review focusing primarily on recent studies which have used scientometric indicators as proxies of research output as well as a discussion on the ways of measuring research output are presented in Sect.	0
Correlations for the Biomedical department (r = 0.60, p = 0.56), Biology department (r = 0.73, p = 0.71), Pharmaceutical department (r = 0.63, p = 0.62) and Veterinary department (r = 0.64, p = 0.66) are moderately strong (Fig.	4
To capture this gradation in a single summary statistic, in Mryglod et al.	3
The survey 'population' was derived from two sources.	2
After data cleaning, we have almost ten million papers published between 1800 and 2018 (see Supplementary Note 1).	2
They were also cited two to eight times more frequently, depending on the measure used, and account for 16% to 19% of total citations to psychology papers.	4
The USA and Switzerland are the best performing countries in this group with mwPR(F)s of 57.7 (CP-IN) and 54.39 (CP-EX) for the USA and 57.67 (CP-IN) and 55 (CP-EX) for Switzerland.	4
The present study attempts to analyze the contributions of Indian women scientists to the Indian scholarly output and its impact using the publication and citation data in the 12 sub-disciplines of life sciences in journals indexed by Web of Science (WoS) database of Thomson Reuters for 2008–2009.	1
HK and TW had the highest mean impact factor.	4
Our results indicate the importance of using objective methods to rank MIS journals.	5
In both cases, R2>0.90 was obtained with the data from three fields, but with flexible weights, R2=0.9817, which is the best result over all schemas in Table 7.	4
National Institutes of Health grant proposals (N=188) supported by five RD staff coaches at a U.S. Medical School between 2009 and 2019.	2
0.025, p < 0.01), whereas the squared term exhibited a positive coefficient (r = 0.015, p < 0.05).	4
During October 2021, Biological Invasions posted 11 short texts on each of its social media accounts (i.e., Facebook and Twitter).	4
We believe that such analyses are helpful to understand the dynamics of the relevant knowledge flows across nations and institutions.	5
As shown in Table 6, Covid papers generally get downloaded approximately twice as often compared to non-Covid papers.	4
The objective of this paper is to investigate the coverage of COVID-19 related publications from India and to identify the authors, Institutes, international collaboration, keywords and productive journals preferred by Indian researchers to publish their research output.	1
To highlight a few results, the analyses demonstrate an increasing rate of retraction over time and noticeable differences in the publication quality (as measured by journal impact factor) among top countries.	4
The case study in Transportation research shows that a relatively high number of authors in the Top 20 list by SDCR work in institutions which locate in Hong Kong and Berkeley, and especially Hong Kong has been becoming a scientific cluster where top researches work together.	5
The empirical framework was validated using mediation analysis.	3
Nevertheless, broad data sharing may be restricted by the lack of adequate recognition for those who share data.	1
It was reviewed whether journals offer an open access option with a subsequent check of conditions as for example the type of open access, the fees and the licensing.	3
To close the above gap, we used the historical bibliometrics to analyse dynamics of literature production, statistically identify the historical roots (Marx, Bornmann, Barth, & Leydesdorff, 2014), analyse the evaluation of themes represented by abstract terms, title terms and author keywords.	1
By analyzing a global sample of 4 million authors and 26 million scientific papers, this study finds that the top 1% most-cited scientists have increased their cumulative citation shares from 14 to 21% between 2000 and 2015 and that the Gini coefficient for citation imbalance has risen from 0.65 to 0.70.	4
From the database, we selected 4,707 central government documents related to S&T activities and management during the period of 1949–2010, including laws, regulations, measures, rules, methods, outlines, decisions, etc.	2
The open-ended responses were imported into Excel and analyzed by the Assessment Coordinator using thematic analysis, which is a popular qualitative analysis technique to analyze themes in a dataset and identify meaning.	3
A dataset was created to identify institutional publication patterns for the surveyed period.	2
Exact P values are reported and those less than 0.05 deemed significant.	0
We created the citation rhythm indicator R?, which measures and presents the rhythm of a scientist's academic influence.	1
(2) Are there biases related to the ecological zones where studies about CAD have been carried out?	1
On the whole, our results provide evidence of a radical change in the academic journal subscription market around 2000, when “big deals” of bundled journals were introduced by commercial publishers.	5
International collaboration is measured by the number of countries given on a paper: The more countries are involved in the publication of a paper, the more interna- tionally the research was arranged.	3
The SSHPA system collects papers from 31 fields in SSH.	2
only their titles were available; and one was collected through citation analysis.	2
The research has been conducted with the intent of obtaining the expansion and characteristics of the literature on digital library.	1
We also calculate the relative number of DCCPs as a robustness test, that is, the ratio between the DCCP count in the ego-centred citation network and the number of citations of the paper (DCR count).	3
Finally, the bibliographic records and number of citations of 1,388 articles of the seven selected journals published between 2005 and 2014 were retrieved over a three-day period (May 26–28, 2018) and converted from the Scopus citation index database.	2
XGBoost is a scalable end-to-end tree boosting system, which runs more than ten times faster than existing currently popular solutions.	3
The study results revealed individual-level differences in annual changes in the research performance between 50 biologists who received the NMS between 1995 and 2014.	5
We construct a unique sample that comprises the content of all empirical corporate finance articles published in the leading (“top three”) finance academic journals between 1970 and 2012.	2
The aim of this study was to quantify the time interval from the entry of articles published in three major pharmacy practice journals in the PubMed database to indexing with MeSH terms.	1
The search criteria of data were as follows: the discipline was limited to Information Science and Library Science, the language was limited to English, the literature type was limited to articles, and the time was limited between 1996 and 2019 (1996 is the earliest time offset that we were able to retrieve records against due to the subscription policy of our institution at the time of data collection).	2
We identified and bibliometrically analyzed the 100 most-cited articles in the field of neuroimaging.	5
The third is a league table metaphor that links the conceptual domain of team sports and the conceptual domain of universities and, I argue, provides a cognitive mechanism that shapes how many extra-academic actors, such as prospective students and policymakers, understand the results of university rankings.	4
We also note that Slovenian agricultural scientists publish predominantly in non-domestic publications (Bartol 2010).	0
The primary intention is to create a broad-based journal list that exposes possible research outlets for aspiring health economists and to report the relative rankings of such outlets using established metrics.	1
Practically in our case, we connect each article to its top 40 the most similar/related articles based on the cosine similarities calculated from their vectorial representation.	3
Significant trend of increased cooperation among authors from Balkan countries is clearly evident by their joint publications.	4
The second aim is comparing the data from Web of Science from 2013 until 2018 in order to verify doctors' productive effect over the last years.	1
Most articles (28, 70%) used quantitative research methods, 9 were qualitative studies, and 3 used mixed methods.	2
Despite the positive relationship between exploring new topics and novelty, our findings reveal that junior scientists who choose to explore new research topics in the first funding cycle face significantly lower chances of obtaining subsequent funding.	4
At this stage, we construct an index to incorporate all the above-mentioned elements of a good methods section.	3
Median sample sizes differed significantly across article categories, H(2) = 24.00, p < 0.001, η2 = 0.04: COVID-related articles had significantly larger sample sizes (Mdn = 383.0) than non-COVID (Mdn = 250.5), H(1) = 12.91, p < 0.001, η2 = 0.03 or pre-COVID (Mdn = 222.0) articles, H(1) = 21.82, p < 0.001, η2 = 0.06, while non-COVID and pre-COVID articles did not differ with regard to their sample sizes, H(1) = 2.62, p = 0.105, η2 < 0.01.	4
Consequentially, the possible assessment bias related to choice of database is largest in the social sciences.	5
First, email addresses were collected from research organizations' webpages, covering research staff in all units/departments that in a bibliometric mapping appeared with a minimum number of articles in economics, cardiology, or physics (based on the Web of Science journal classification).	2
(2007) to measure the diversity found in sets of scientific journal publications.	3
We therefore find no evidence to support the “editor-selection” hypothesis.	4
Lotka's productivity index (PL) was used to assess productivity of authors.	3
Number of citations received by the different document types and the selection of the most cited papers were carried out based on the citation counts obtained in WoS database at July-August 2016.	3
Only 30.2% had instructions for reviewers (Table 1).	4
The eight Hong Kong universities are found to combine plagiarism detection software, implementation of policies and procedures, and educative measures in their plagiarism management efforts (Bertram Gallant and Stephens 2020).	4
TA number of articles, PG page count, PG/TA the average page count per article, NR cited reference count, NR/TA the average cited reference count per article, AU number of authors, AU/TA the average authors per article, TA/J the average number of articles published per journal	0
Total publications, total citations, h-index, single country (institution) publications, and citations, and international (inter-institutional) collaborative publica- tions and citations were used to measure the 20 most productive countries (institutions) in coastal flooding research.	3
Received: 8 July 2022 Accepted: 23 September 2023 Published online: 06 October 2023	0
It is believed that this study could be useful to the scientometrics and bibliometrics community as well as to the other stack holders for research assessment.	5
2), ChatGPT was critical of Beall's List (Kendall, 2021), advising against its use, confirming what we also pro- nounced in the literature (Teixeira da Silva & Kendall, 2023).	4
The women scientists publish in low impact factor journals and also get fewer citations than those of their male counter parts.	5
Original articles published in seven rheumatology journals from 2013 to 2018.	2
(2015) into three new indicators capable of quantifying the topological structures in a bi-layer network, namely fundamentality, speciality, and sociality.	3
Institutional relationships between Spanish public health entities have been identified both through link analysis and co-authorship methods.	5
Statistical data of the articles published and citations made compared with Poisson frequency distribution.	0
Publishing high-impact papers depends on various factors, depending on the country of origin.	5
To run an analysis on the psychology field, only records belonging to the WoS subject category of psychology were selected (n = 125).	2
Overall, our analysis shows that understanding aspects of time and space and processes associated with advanced training of human resources and institutional building helps to promote the absorptive capacity that regions and countries need to acquire in order to learn how to use science for economic and social development.	5
Citation analysis is based on the premise that top-cited articles are likely to be championed by recognized experts to demonstrate emerging topics within their particular field and to offer a useful indication of relevant trends in that field [4, 5].	3
A qualitative survey using semi-structured interviews explores current best practices and tests the specific research questions that emerged from the literature review.	3
As has been previously shown, a few African countries produce most of Africa's papers, and many countries have a very low total research output (Table 1).	4
Perazzo MF: acquisition of data; analysis and interpretation of data; final approval of the version to be published; drafting the article and revising it critically for important intellectual content.	0
A linear mixed effects design using random slopes and intercepts were performed on bibliometrics corresponding to 124 journals from 2007 to 2011, with their corresponding citations from 2009 to 2013, which appeared in the Journal Citations Report Science Edition.	3
Such a peculiar trait might facilitate future network analysis of research collaboration and interdisciplinarity.	5
The analysed timeframe covers the years from 1920 to 2012.	2
The current study aims to assess the growth and pattern of health-related literature on natural disasters.	1
Our findings indicate a prevalent use of animal-based methodologies in AD research, particularly evident in projects funded under H2020.	4
To gain further insight into this result, the post-hoc contrast was applied with the Mann-Whitney test.	3
ICI included 18 Journals which had been categorised under LIS as a primary or secondary subject.	2
We calculated the time to first correction, being the number of months between our first submission of concerns to the journal and the first journal online notice of concern about publication integrity, using 1 October 2020 as the date of censure.	3
Our analysis shows that participants in OMICS events were primarily researchers from the United States, India, the United Kingdom, and China.	4
Determine the correlation between the TF and the number of citations and altmetrics received at the publication level.	1
The study highlights geopolitical disparities in VE research productivity, with developing countries showing weaker engagement in this field.	5
This analysis has revealed that there are numerous perspectives from which PLOS ONE can be assessed and there are a variety of indicators beyond the impact factor that can be made use of in order to fully evaluate the standing of the journal as well as its prestige and impact.	5
To outline the dynamic evolution of the standards network, we partitioned the development of China's communications industry into five stages (before 1997, 1998–2002, 2003-2007, 2008-2012, and after 2013), thereby forming five time points: 1997, 2002, 2007, 2012, and 2017.	2
Drawing on retrospective interviews with 34 scientists in Swedish universities, and relying on specific status (Rivera 2010; Sauder 2005) and practice (Dreyfus 1991; Reckwitz 2017) theory streams, we interpret and analyze how our interviewees described various actions unfolding before and during the ERC's evaluations, including hearing about, getting ready for, and toughing it through these evaluations.	2
However, there are some indicators where China is still far behind.	4
Across the periods, the most frequent topics were "EHR" (TF = 3,608), "e-health" (TF = 2,448), and "implementation" (TF = 1,120).	4
Selection criteria were kept stringent, limited to records within the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), and confined to research areas related to social sciences.	2
Does prestige dimension influence the interdisciplinary performance of scientific entities in knowledge flow?	1
This table demonstrates that, after controlling for discipline, impact factor, and number of articles, there remain dramatic publisher effects.	4
The SDCR considers all the papers that an author published at an aggregated level.	3
Our investigation has not yet been able to establish a direct link between the launch of the programmes and the improved representation of women in the different bibliometric indicators.	5
The current study compares three different approaches to delineate the emerging field of NST, shedding new light on the key problems that underlie emerging field delineation.	1
The study takes the form of a qualitative analysis of a large corpus of key articles, editorials, blogs and thought pieces about the impact of COVID on open science, published during the pandemic in English, German, Portuguese, and Spanish.	3
Data were collected weekly for a year, starting January 6, 2016 (but see below).	2
Many of the "core" MIS journals such as MIS Quarterly, Journal of MIS (JMIS), and Information Systems Research (ISR) have "come of age" only in the last eight to ten years.	0
Received: 17 December 2022 / Accepted: 20 April 2023 / Published online: 13 May 2023	0
Our results show that the distribution of SE publications has a major inequality in terms of impact overall, and also when categorized in terms of the above four aspects.	4
Article (5,521, 90.257 %) was the most-frequently used document type, closely followed by proceedings paper (570, 9.318 %) and review (471, 7.700 %).	4
Articles with medical subject heading terms involving molecular/cellular or animal research were classified as BSR using the National Institutes of Health iCite Translation module.	3
Reasons behind researchers' scepticism range from SNS being unimportant for their work to not belonging to their culture or habits.	4
Finally, taking an evolving perspective in main path analysis, more precisely merging main path networks of different time periods of analysis, we were able to see a much more colorful picture of domain evolution, including the birth, development, forking, convergence, and death of branches of a domain, which is, however, not witnessable when taking a static view.	5
in Nature 566(7744):378-382, https://doi.org/10.1038/s41586-019-0941-9, 2019), thus deepening our understanding of the DI and further facilitating its wise use in bibliometrics.	1
The community structure of global HHW trade networks has undergone continuous dissolution and recombination.	4
We used this database because articles from The Leadership Quarterly were only indexed in the Web of Science from 1994, whereas the journal began publishing articles in 1990.	2
To this purpose we use techniques from the field of Science of Science and analyse the relevant scholarly data to identify a variety of phenomena, including significant geopolitical patterns, the key trends that emerge from a topic-centric analysis, and the insights that can be drawn from an analysis of citation data.	1
2 University of La Laguna, Departamento de Ingeniería Informática y de Sistemas, Avenida Astrofísico Francisco Sánchez s/n, 38271 La Laguna, Spain.	0
The objective of this study is to analyze the research activity and influence of authors in Chinese IS based on the Chinese Social Science Citation Index (CSSCI) – a citation index similar to Thomson Reuters’ Social Science Citation Index and established in 2000.	1
The resulting dataset contains 90,637,277 papers and 1,821,810,360 citations.	2
URAP field-based ranking consists of five academic performance indicators: article (weighted 25% in ICT field), citation (weighted 20%), article impact total (weighted 20%), citation impact total (weighted 25%), and international collaboration (weighted 10%).	2
The top five countries of each time period appear in bold.	0
We conducted searches for retracted articles in Ovid Medline, Ovid Embase and Scopus bibliographic databases on 10th July and 19th December 2020.	2
Received September 17, 2013; Accepted November 13, 2013; Published December 31, 2013	0
The results presented in the quantitative evaluation highlight that detecting interdisciplinary research from textual content is more complex that what previously remarked in the literature.	5
The questionnaire was submitted to the researchers involved in clinical trials at Ospedale Pediatrico Bambino Gesù.	2
To focus exclusively on original research articles, we excluded Meeting Abstracts, Review Articles, Proceedings Papers, Editorial Materials, Early Access, Corrections, News Items, Book Chapters, Retracted Publications, and Retractions.	2
Generally speaking we cannot conclude that Canadian nanomedicine fields of expertise are ready for commercialization purposes.	5
In this article, we document if and how research agendas are being informed by public policy debates.	1
The research obtained articles published on the official China CDC Weekly website between November 29, 2019, and December 25, 2020.	2
He collaborated more than was typical for his time, with many scientists, in different sized groups, and he often had persistent collaborative relationships, extending over a number of years.	4
their more experienced colleagues) and of scientists working in less-popular disciplines.	5
From 1984 to June 4, 2016, 59 of 229,502 orthopaedic publications were retracted (3 per 10,000 articles).	4
Our results have implications for improvement of academic reward systems, which nowadays mainly encourage researchers to publish more papers and usually neglect research impact.	5
The content of the survey instrument was based on our experiences in teaching research ethics, the literature, and the findings of 3 focus groups devoted to identifying the norms of scientists and IRs.	0
A question in this part queried the approximate size of the researcher population at the institution, where 61% (14 institutions) reported fewer than 20 researchers.	4
So, the map was created for them which is as follows:	0
National comparisons were made for nine countries, selected to include major research producers and other countries of interest: United States; Germany; France; Canada; Japan; China; United Kingdom; Italy; Russian Federation.	3
1 in Kareiva et al.2) and number of citations per manuscript in fourteen serials in organismal biology issued in 2000.	0
In 2003, all of the cliques were formed by United States agencies, while in 2013 we observe that 11 cliques incorporated cross-national co-funding (28.9% of cliques).	4
By analyzing a journal citation network in Internet research from 2000 to 2010, the study integrates network analysis with bibliometric analysis to: (1) assess journals' influence in Internet research; (2) describe the growth of journals' influence over time; and (3) uncover the underlying structural mechanism accounting for the inequality of journals' influence.	1
Paired t-tests were applied to evaluate the statistical significance of the mean difference of the IABC between the co-authors who occupied the first, middle, and last position, by type of authorship (two, three, and four co-authors), and presence, or not, of alphabetical ordering.	3
For these purposes, we use co-authorship measures from a previous study on co-authorship networks of this national community [8], derived from two international databases, one general and international containing high-impact journals (Web of Science, WoS), one thematic for the field of Statistics - discipline-based – (Current Index to Statistics, CIS), and from bibliographic information retrieved from the Italian MIUR database of nationally funded research projects (PRIN).	2
This has prompted us to ask: How has the patent-to-paper citation linkage of life science patents changed over time?	1
Therefore, in this paper, our objective is to construct an AGN from the Indian thesis repository Shodhganga and analyze the properties of the resulting AGN.	1
However, around 60% of authors have contributed with a single publication.	4
Correspondence analysis reveals three clusters of research, one focusing on traditional LIS with contributions from LIS and Humanities and survey-type research; another on information retrieval with contributions from Computer Science and experimental research; and the third on scientific communication with contributions from Natural Sciences and Medicine and citation analytic research.	4
Out of these 480 randomly selected documents, a total of 441 documents are found to be correctly classified indicating the classification accuracy to be ~92%, which is a reasonably good accuracy level for the classification.	4
The data showed the high dispersion of the literature, both in terms of authors and journals focused on the topic, and a low level of collaboration among both authors and institutions.	4
The calculations were made on the indices of linguistic liberalization of the information space of states and information and linguistic influence (or language expansion) according to the ISSN indicators.	3
Specifically, the current paper targets to answer the question: Did the Saudi Amended Incentive Program (promulgated in 2008) improve research production, i.e., lead to a higher number of published papers?	1
The data to be analysed for each author relate to the cumulated publications and citations acquired up to the end of 1990, end of 2000 and end of 2010.	2
Three subjects led this production with more than 400 articles, such as Physical Education and Sports Theory (PE&ST), Physiology and Sports Medicine, collecting both 51.22% of total documents.	4
The quality profile for REF2021 had 79% of research assessed as 3* (internationally excellent) and 4* (world-leading).	4
In summary, our work contributes to the field of funds allocation for technological projects by offering a more efficient, data-driven, and adaptable solution compared to traditional methods.	5
All conferences have high author turnover: since 2000 there are more than 70% new authors with respect to the previous edition, and more than 50% with respect to the previous four editions.	4
NREF grants provide a tremendous return on investment across various career stages and subspecialities.	5
This finding implies that promoting interdisciplinary knowledge exchange and integration of scientific papers have a positive impact on their durability of citation diffusion.	5
We label those types as instructional, preparatory, and demarcative practices.	5
Linear regression was used to evaluate trends related to number and category of publications.	3
Some of the reasons which the respondents identified, included a general lack of awareness about OAIRS (M = 3.94, SD = 0.885), the absence of national guidelines/mandates/policies by research funders and/or unclear legal frameworks (M = 3.91, SD = 0.964), the unclear distribution of responsibility and a lack of institutional coordination among the different stakeholders (researchers, departments, libraries, funders) (M = 3.82, SD = 0.912) and a lack of infrastructure/the absence of funds to develop the necessary infrastructure (M = 3.82, SD</METRIC> = 0.967) (see Table 2).	4
For a set of m papers, we can average the m vectors of each paper and reach a topic vector g representing the weight coverage of 67 topics that the set of m papers demonstrates.	3
Outline the foci of China's S&T policies from 1949 to 2010; 2.	1
For the ChemRxiv dataset, citations predominantly aligned with the log-normal distribution (p-value: 0.3376), diverging significantly from the power law (p-value: 0.0148) and the exponential model (p-value: 0.000).	4
The observed increase in outbreak documents in the study period might denote more occurrence or incidence of Vibrio outbreaks despite decades of United Nations' programme for safe water supply and sanitation campaign (MDGs and first-five years of SDGs).	5
The scope of this study is to prioritize environmental chemicals that humans are likely exposed to that also have evidence of neurotoxicity in vitro, in animals and/or in humans, and chemicals were further filtered for feasibility in lab-based research and mass spectrometry detection.	1
The dataset of mathematics consists of 57,533 and found 57,515 authors after removal of ambiguities by former researchers but there remains the problem of duplication and ambiguous author names which have been corrected manually.	2
We integrated the Ethereum blockchain with IPFS and oracles to handle external data submission and scholar surveying.	5
The context of public research has dramatically changed over the last 20 years, with a shift in funding from recurrent institutional budgets to contractual project funding.	1
The word cloud was generated using all of the 3,650 available projects summaries and discussions.	2
According to the findings, although ASNSs are widely used, the majority of the participants do not acquire them as a way of collaborative knowledge building with other researchers.	4
Co-author collaboration network by country from documents published by JIPH between 2008–2016.	0
Evidence that the primary subscribers are not the most frequent users of ASFA emerged from the analysis of the 2012–2017 longitudinal usage data.	4
Then we extracted the top 50 institutions (together with their publications, 8491 in total, 10,460 group by institutions) as our sampled institutions.	2
Specifically, we investigate the following four research questions: (1) Does the research output and do the collaborations of faculty researchers increase after their hire into clusters?	1
The Cystic Fibrosis Foundation adapted to a venture philanthropy model and took an active role in drug development, stewarding the commercialization process from funding basic scientific work in academic institutions, to making an equity investment in a start-up firm.	4
Network I contains 562 nodes and 5695 edges, and Network II has 35,837 nodes and 187,287 edges.	2
One of them is the 2018 National Citation Report (NCR) for Norway, delivered by Clarivate Analytics, which covers all publications in the Web of Science (WoS) 1981–2017 with at least one author's address in Norway.	2
Delimiting the geographic realm involved retrieving the records with at least one author who had included Argentina as the country of institutional affiliation (AffilCountry).	2
A general analysis of the acknowledgement texts showed that indexing of funding information in WoS is incomplete.	4
These results support our third proposition, as NAT researchers enjoy a significant reputational benefit in IDR when collaborating across a greater cognitive distance (measured as collaboration with hospitals), whereas MED researchers experience a negative or insignificant effect across a relatively shorter cognitive distance.	4
The mechanism operates by selecting an optimal normalization factor and an optimal distributional adjustment for the rank-score curve, both of which are instrumental in making sound intermetric and interfield journal comparisons.	3
To ensure appropriate recognition for equal work, we encourage journals and citation databases to begin identifying joint first authors in a way that makes it easy for readers to locate this information.	1
Do external applicants receive lower ratings on subcomponents and in total than internal applicants?	1
To view supplementary material for this article, please visit https://doi.org/ 10.1017/S0008423917000117.	0
The systematic process to select search-terms from previous literature, had a positive impact on recall, for precision our evaluation was not conclusive.	5
Scientific discoveries are always linked to the research done by peers in the domain.	0
We also analyze whether the optimal amount of research information in a manuscript varies with the type of reviewer in different journals.	1
The application of the famous PageRank algorithm (Brin and Page 1998) to patent citation networks would allow taking recursively into account indirect citations when ranking patents.	3
Matthew Effect does exist under the novel system.	5
Odds are defined as the ratio of the publications of a university belonging to Ptop-10%, and the publications not belonging to the Ptop10% (Pbot-90%).	3
The proportion of female first authors in each field correlated highly between countries and the female first author citation advantages derived from the regressions correlated moderately to strongly between countries, so both are relatively field-specific.	4
This was a retrospective bibliometric analysis study obviating the need for ethical review.	0
We found that more teamwork coaching is given to proposals when there is a larger number of proposers on a proposal team.	4
It consists of drawing two line segments, starting from the origin, separated by an angle θ, and examining how the correlation between the data points in the Center Group varies with respect to variations in the angle θ.	3
The h index of the GCC countries' vascular research publications was the lowest (19) compared with the other four countries (29–97).	4
Based on these results, we conclude that different topics have different development patterns and that the recent artificial intelligence revolution stems from the interactions among the different topics.	5
Although the United States holds the highest h-index, Switzerland obtains by far the highest citation rate.	4
The work involves a comparative study of these characteristics using the networks of two countries: India and the US.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 60(8):1664–1670, 2009	0
More generally, our results contribute to existing criticism directed at the obsolescence of the concept of scientific authorship, and extend it to that of inventorship.	5
A geometric graph is proposed to predict some features of the citation networks with exponentially growing papers, which addresses the precondition by using coordinates of nodes to model the research contents of papers, and geometric distances between nodes to diversities of research contents between papers.	1
The 452 scientists who pass away prematurely, and who are the particular focus of this paper, constitute a subset of this larger pool of 12,935.	2
He has published in journals, including Government Information Quarterly, Library & Information Science Research, College & Research Libraries, Scientometrics, Journal of Academic Librarianship, and Journal of Documentation.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ciai20	0
By (A) extracting, (B) standardizing and (C) classifying reference data from 210 master theses (published in 2008 and 2009 at The Swedish School of Library and Information Science, University of Bor?s) harvested from the Bor?s Academic Digital Archive repository a citation index was constructed that would meet the criteria of an in-depth bibliometric analysis (a complete list of the theses included in the data set is given in Appendix A).	2
We supplement this analysis with estimates from duration analyses that show that publishing three T5 articles is associated with a 310 percent increase in the rate of receiving tenure, compared to candidates with similar levels of publications who do not place any in the T5.	3
On the basis of this analysis, the network size (number of researcher and organisation) and research budget for joint research influence the increase of performance gap between domestic and international researches.	5
To locate mentions of monographs in syllabi or course reading lists through the Bing API, we searched for the first author last name and the first (up to) seven terms of the monograph title as a phrase search and combined them with either “syllabus” or “course description.”	3
If reported download rates accurately measure local usage, there is a strong case for using them to compare the cost-effectiveness of journal subscriptions.	1
In order to identify academics with experience in publishing in medical and healthcare research journals, authors e-mail addresses were sourced from KoreaMed.	2
The application of the paired t-test comparing the values of the IABCs by position in the by-line (first author and last author), among the seven articles with the presence of alphabetical ordering (Fig.	4
The limitation is that data retrieval result which decided to include only 180 publications in the WOS-indexed publications produced a bias against research publications published in non-WOS publication sources.	5
The purpose of this paper is to introduce altmetric indicators and combine with traditional citation indicators to comprehensively evaluate the impact of academic journals from the perspective of multidimensional and multi-indicator fusion.	1
A low percentage of productive authors emerged as a journal impact factor contributor.	4
This study has found that SLA incorporates methodologies from the social sciences in the process of forming an interdiscipline, which provides strong empirical evidence to support the view that SLA is an independent discipline and helps to resolve some of the debates about the disciplinary status of SLA.	5
Our findings have implications for Chinese universities in terms of formulating policies regarding returnee talent recruitment and evaluation.	5
However, we found only a weak correlation between the concentration of the citation distribution and the share of a TS's articles that go uncited.	4
is the mean citation count of all papers published in the same year and field as i.	3
The coefficients linked to academic characteristics show that academics needing a shorter time to graduate as a PhD are more productive upon graduation (which is also found in Stack, 2004).	4
To summarize, the American institutes are currently the leaders in cancer research.	5
The publication performance and research output of institutes training residents in neurology and neurosurgery were evaluated.	1
(3) The mode in which the collaboration took place and the explanations of the methodological means we chose for the engagement.	3
The total number of researchers thus amounted to 1,068, consisting of 148 women and 920 men (Table 2).	2
With this paper we provide a meta-ranking that overcomes some of the specific shortcomings of the existing meta-rankings in terms of the construction of the underlying database, the treatment of missing data and the ranking approach.	5
At least two-thirds of the respondents could define fabrication of data, falsification of data, plagiarism, intellectual property, and confidentiality before participating in the training workshop.	4
The results show that at the individual journal level, there is a weak relationship between a journal's citation sentiment score and its citation impact as measured by CiteScore.	5
First, a list of delayed OA journals was composed by combining data from multiple sources.	3
For the different levels of corruption among countries, following Lewellyn et al.	3
We calculated the normalized citation impact per grant by adding the normalized impact scores for each of its publications.	3
Is one internationally oriented or is citation limited to national resources?	1
c) Is there correlation between the interdisciplinarity and the number of publications or the number of journals?	1
The data were analyzed using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) version 28.0 (IBM, Armonk, New York, USA).	3
The search yielded 79 original research articles and 9 reviews, almost all of which were published in the past 2 decades.	4
It is obvious from the data that having GN academic capital boosts the chance of being published in leading communication research periodicals.	5
To cite this article: Samir Kumar Jalal, Subal Chandra Biswas & Parthasarathi Mukhopadhyay (2010) Web Presence of Selected Asian Countries: A Webometric Study, Collnet Journal of Scientometrics and Information Management, 4:2, 57-68, DOI: 10.1080/09737766.2010.10700893	0
The answer to the first research question, which asks what the primary types of research materials used by the international relations scholars are, can be found in the table.	0
Because of this intensively interactive process the GPNG acceptance rate was 27.27% in 2021.	4
The perceived access to resources, autonomy, and collegiality was the key driver in promoting ambitious, collaborative, discovery-driven, and multidisciplinary agendas.	4
The legacy of the HGP also survives in organizational capital that is fundamental to “consortium science,” whereby teams of teams organize around central challenges, with a common goal to share benefits equitably within and beyond institutional boundaries.	5
We are not Cassandras and we understand the great dynamism and resilience of science.	0
Note: The p values of R, are at greater than the.	0
The open-access (OA) journals among the 1003 journals sponsored by the China Association for Science and Technology (CAST) were identified.	1
Supervision is one important way to socialize Ph.D.	1
South American scientific production on Leishmaniasis published in journals indexed in SCOPUS is focused on Brazilian research activity.	5
Network analysis includes bibliographic coupling, co-authorship network, and keyword co-occurrence network.	3
To fill this gap, we propose a methodology based on bi-layer network analytics that characterizes emerging general-purpose technologies.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The study found that journal articles represented 77% of all cited references and that 74% of the cited journal titles were available through the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Regional Library.	4
We applied a multi-period difference-in-difference(DID) approach to evaluate the effect of the tenure track on faculty members' research performance, which can respond to the calls for solving the endogenous problem.	3
The findings presented in this paper are important in that they contribute to the development of a greater understanding of disciplinary research cultures in relation to OAR and OA policy initiatives.	5
Predatory journals charge a considerably smaller publication fee (median $100 USD, IQR $63-$150) than open access journals ($1865 USD, IQR $800–$2205) and subscription-based hybrid journals ($3000 USD, IQR $2500-$3000).	4
From a total of 91,216 articles, the United States ranked first in output (36,222; 39.71%), followed by the United Kingdom (7745; 8.49%), Germany (6979; 7.65%), and Japan (5686; 6.23%).	4
The survey was disseminated to 13,091 scientists in AIBS's proprietary database.	2
We identified significant differences between top-cited articles published in nonspecialty vs OBGYN journals.	5
Correspondence should be addressed to Darja Dobermann, Division of Nutritional Sciences, University of Nottingham, North Laboratory Building, Room 49B, Sutton Bonington LE12 5RD, UK.	0
A key finding is that policy advisors and academic experts tend to integrate divergent vocabularies of research utilization and its evaluation, resulting in uncertainty about the conceptualization and operationalization of impact.	5
The result reveals that studies on DRM during the period of investigation witnessed an increase from early 2000 and peaking in 2017 followed by 2016 with a Kolmogorov-Smirnoff goodness-of-fit of 0.9672.	4
The author appreciates the valuable comments from the editors for improvement to the article.	0
The first approach to finding an appropriate baseline was to look at data provided by HESA?	2
For Si, CdTe, and GaAs the Scopus database [8] was used to add publications pre-1975, and Google Scholar [9] for pre-1960 Si publications.	2
Finally, I made one more collection with documents from both collections filed before 1960 (see "Final Collection" in Figure 1), which resulted in a total of 1,316 patent publications.	2
a much lower incidence of passive voice ?	5
The numbers in Table 2 provide evidence that the time lag between laureates' work and recognition has been increasing ever since the decade of 1951-1960 for all disciplines examined, with the notable exception of economics.	4
Department of Information Management, Faculty of Economics and Management, East China Normal University, Shanghai, China	0
About 319 scientific publications were analyzed to have a comprehensive understanding of the research work carried out in this domain.	5
We examine the evolution of order of authorship based on seniority during 1975–2021.	1
We utilized a dataset on research grants from the Japanese government.	2
The most decisive themes and concepts were represented by a clustering algorithm.	3
during the last year of the respective five-year window as collected by Scopus.	2
A total of 3,737 OA journals (16.8%) and 18,485 non-OA journals (83.2%) published in 2015 are considered.	2
Faculty of Information Technology and Communication Sciences, Tampere University, Tampere, Finland	0
Overlap of records retrieved using different queries for Web of Science records between 2002 and 2017 (G, Gl?nzel topic, 35 595; T, New topic set, 8512; A, Address set, 4068; J, Journal set, 2477).	0
The authors searched Persuasion in the MLA International Bibliography, limiting results to records that listed it as “Primary Subject Work” and were book-format resources (those whose “publication type” was listed as either “book” or “book article”) published since 1990.	2
The first attempts reported here, however, suggest that using the X-centage indicator to measure reference heterodisciplinarity is a coherent procedure that may deserve further elaboration.	5
This paper establishes a measure of how research in Spain, and specifically in its universities, is involved.	1
The first important observation from Table 4 is, that the centrality of a patent in the knowledge space is strongly and positively correlated with PageRank, Alpha centrality and inward citation scores of patents.	4
Since the percentile approach has significant advantages over other time- and field-normalizing approaches especially those which are based on mean citation rates, it would be desirable that the percentile approach is more frequently used in bibliometric studies.	5
The regression coefficient of AC is 8.86 (p<0.01).	4
As a result, this study seeks to answer two main questions: What are the weights of research performance measures (criteria)?	1
Chinese NFM papers focus on energy and agriculture, while the US focuses on biochemistry and molecular biology.	4
We found a concomitant increasing trend toward funded articles in the AJNR.	4
The page rank of the institutions can be considered satisfactory as all the institutions have a page rank of 5 or more.	5
We created harvesting plans and data integration goals as part of our workflow, particularly targeting faculty who had a record of scholarly activity and an interest in sharing their research and collaborating with other scholars in their fields.	3
Thirdly, no noticeable advantage is seen in terms of female participation in institutions located in big metropolitan cities as compared to institutions located in smaller towns and rural areas.	5
Before winning, single and first authorship dominate in all categories.	4
The case study uses InText citation-based and vector space-based similarity measures and relationships between these measures as defined in CORES.	3
Hence, it seems reasonable to claim that Amazon metrics reflect the educational uptake, general popularity, or cultural influence of a book rather than its scientific impact.	5
A few years ago Clarivate Analytics (formerly Thomson Reuters, provider of the Web of Science database) started evaluating publications in the sciences and social sciences with a view to identifying international highly-cited researchers (HCR) over a publication period of around 10 years.	1
2020), including a short biography, a name, and their most distinguishing features.	3
We extend the dataset by collecting external validation data serving as proxies for the latent structure of the corpus.	1
The search terms were COVID-19, COVID 19, 2019-nCov, SARS-CoV-2, 2019 novel coronavirus, coronavirus disease 2019 and coronavirus disease-19.	2
Our analysis further suggests that articles published in top 5 journals are less likely to be eventually replicated.	4
1Assistance Publique-Hopitaux de Paris, Paris, France, 2University Paris-Diderot, Sorbonne Paris Cité, Paris, France, 3Abelia Science, Saint Georges sur Baulche, France	0
All editor titles were unified and divided into four classes according to their reputation and academic role.	3
Here, we propose an alternative size- independent ratio computed from power and weakness scores that reproduces established notions of journal ranking in LIS.	1
The responses to the open question, viewed together, portrayed impact as ‘a (generally) positive effect that contributes to change in the daily life of human kind’.	5
The search included all research for which articles included words relating to "diets and breast cancer".	2
Chinese patents on average cite Chinese papers published 7 years earlier while it takes 9 years for foreign patents to cite Chinese papers.	4
a Information Analysis Center, Korea Institute of Science and Technology Information	0
We focussed on research publications with one or more addresses for a country within Africa as defined by the UN.	2
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
Despite encountering challenges, scientific collaboration emerges as a pivotal driver in advancing Cuba's scientific productivity.	5
The search is carried out through the Publish or Perish software tool.	2
1 Term that regards collegiate universities that follow the management style for teaching and research as the universities of Oxford and Cambridge (Tapper and Palfreyman 2002).	0
Scopus is a multidisciplinary database created by Elsevier with over 20000 publications, being the most trustworthy and complete platform when compared with Google Scholar and Web of Science (Jacso, 2005).	2
The basic idea of the fractional counting approach is that each action, such as co-authoring or citing a publication, should have equal weight, regardless of for instance the number of authors, citations, or references of a publication.	1
The most striking aspect of the detected hijacked journals is in the links to the clone websites and the articles from clone journals penetrating different legitimate scientometric databases (see Table 1).	4
Moreover, most of the articles under the lognormal pattern do not carry any Granger causal effect (~60 %).	4
From the perspective of the geometric MNCS, its more precise estimation of the average citation impact of collections of articles from multiple fields and/or years has allowed a fine grained examination of patterns in the results, with conclusions that are probably more robust than could have been made with previous indicators.	5
Results consistently show higher mean NoveltyU values in MM pattern over time, affirming the method's validity.	4
We first conduct a content analysis of a sample of 481 English core journal papers—i.e., papers from journals deemed central to their respective disciplines—in which at least one of these tools is mentioned.	2
The proportion of hybrid OA articles published under a CC BY-NC-ND license marginally increased and maintained a greater share than CC BY (see Figure 3b).	4
It was investigated whether there are suitable options and how they are shaped.	1
For analyzing the dataset, statistical tools SPSS 19 and Microsoft Excel 2010 were used for frequency, percentage and chi square analysis.	3
Only articles from the ISI Web of Science and RePEc are included in the citations data, which were downloaded from ISI on September 28, 2013 and from RePEc on October 4, 2013, for all journals.	2
Finally, we discuss the results in light of the suggested hypotheses and consider theoretical and practical implications.	0
To do so, we evaluate the knowledge flows between these groups, using article citations as proxy [23].	3
As soon as other publications are added and weighted, the gap reduces somewhat, suggesting that women have a (slightly) more diverse publications profile than men.	4
The overlap of a cohort with the corresponding cluster can be seen in Tables 10 and 14 as matrices.	0
The aim of the C/BA is to calculate the net positive value NPV of an infrastructure over a certain time horizon.	2
Jeni Hart is an Associate Professor at the University of Missouri-Columbia and Amy Scott Metcalfe is an Assistant Professor at the University of British Columbia.	0
Furthermore, the term “open access” appeared in only 5 percent of the documents they analyzed, and always in unit-level documents from departments that they categorized as social sciences and humanities.	4
We utilized previous mapping of the Retraction Watch Database's reason for retraction to a modified version of Bar Ilan and Halevi's taxonomy of reasons for retraction [31].	3
Comparisons were made with a study of 3650 international researchers, which employed the same methods and questions.	3
We studied the Finnish Strategic Research Council's (SRC) first funded projects through a dynamic governance lens.	1
Continuing and improving future collaboration between developing and developed countries will also help to facilitate the sharing of responsibilities for COVID-19 in research results and the implementation of policies for COVID-19.	5
The main objective of this article has been to investigate the influence on article citation counts from attributes related to article and author characteristics.	1
Our objective is to capture the degree of globalization of international business research.	0
According to the results in Table 3, it can be found from the average value that the similarity of citation contents of B→A and C→A in the triangular citation is generally high, and the average value of Sim (B→A, C→A) of 22,536 triangular citation reaches 0.64.	4
Utilizing a novel dataset drawn from both awardees and nominees in the case of high-tech enterprises' Ph.	3
In addition to the differences, these three ratings have the same similarity i.e.	4
BET isotherm received a total of 10,418 citations from its publication to 2012.	4
Additional supplementary materials may be found here by searching on article title https://osf.io/collections/jbp/discover.	0
Commercial use or systematic downloading (by robots or other automatic processes) is prohibited without explicit Publisher approval, unless otherwise noted.	0
The quantitative data was analyzed through SPSS by applying descriptive statistics.	3
We consider taking the dynamic co-word network as a complex network.	3
Our dataset covers 4024 documents published in the journal Philosophy of Science (PoS; see Wray and Bornmann 2015).	2
The first phase of the study utilized focus groups to formulate research questions for the project as a whole.	3
Average international collaboration were: Group I, 43.0 %; Group II, 55.8 % and Group III, 85.2 %.	4
We have found that training in article writing, knowledge bridging, and knowledge gap-filling were the roles of publishing in non-mainstream journals.	5
In total, our dataset consisted of 91 authors associated with 979 publications during the study period.	2
Each batch of journals is named by the most popular words that appear in the title and scope of its members.	0
This coding scheme has five categories: Applied, Contrastive, Supportive, Reviewed, and Perfunctory.	3
As a conclusion, the TOPSIS model which predicts the journal for the published papers much more accurately is accepted as the valid decision making model.	5
CONCLUSIONS: The scientific research quality level of pharmacoeconomics evaluation literature in China is low.	5
...by setting instCDF and instCDM from low to high, the probability of CNCI being mhigh, vhigh and exhigh is increased from 9.51%, 7.79%, 2.02% to 10.7%, 9.44%, 2.91% respectively, indicating a slight positive influence of the institute impact on paper impact.	4
Authors from MEA countries collaborated mostly with authors in countries like United Kingdom, USA, and Germany.	4
The IISER average ACPP is 6.71, which is little higher than IISc and the whole of India.	4
The foremost semiconductor manufacturing nations (China, China-Taiwan, France, Germany, Hungary, Israel, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Netherlands, South Korea, the United Kingdom, and the United States) were included in this investigation based on data accessibility and high-quality data availability.	2
Answering the second research question, we analyzed the responses for the survey question When you are performing the following actions, in how many cases does that indicate a positive stance on the respective target?	3
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Respondents who answered “no” to question four but responded to question 11 in the affirmative were included in the unperceived honorary authorship group.	3
Based on researchers' personal websites this study aims to investigate the degree of citation personal display (CPD) in three major disciplines (chemistry, mathematics, and physics), as well as disciplinary differences in CPD.	1
In the case we highlight, we show how a near-duplicate of the paper, which should have been retracted based on established codes, was not, and how this has led to an inflation of its citations.	1
The 150 top ranked universities from every year of Shanghai rankings are taken into account.	2
As per Model 2, both the linear term (proportion of women scientists) and the quadratic term (proportion of women scientists squared) are stable and significant, with a positive coefficient on Women% (r = 0.245, p < 0.01), and a negative coefficient on Women% squared (r = 0.097, p < 0.05), indicating a quadratic relationship.	4
1 shows that it is very highly probable that the impact factor 2013 will break through the 2.0 barrier for the very first time, an increase of over 40 %.	1
The Pearson correlation between the two sets is only 0.42.	4
2 School of Social Sciences, University of Iceland, S?mundargata 2, 101, Reykjavik, Iceland	0
The sampling frame contained 807 faculty members: 260 assistant professors, 321 associate professors and 226 full professors.	2
Using the modified approach of the methods by Lim et al [19], 2 independent investigators reviewed the 100 articles, and the following data were compiled: number of authors, publication year, journal name, impact factor, country of origin, and article type (original article, review article, conference paper, or editorial).	3
More specifically, in this study, I address the following research questions: To what extent has the funding structure evolved over the past few years in MENA?	1
Scientific visualisation techniques and scientometric tools (Bibliometrix R and VOSviewer) were adopted in this paper to be able to achieve an understanding of the current status of retracted literature in technology areas by analysing several indicators such as journals, authors and institutes, countries, keywords, and subject analysis.	3
Because the main aim of this paper was to shed light on the causes of supposedly frequent uncitedness (Egghe et al., 2011) of the two above groups of prominent authors, I first limited the data set to papers published before 2005 and recorded the share of these papers, which (according to WoS), received zero citations until recently (Fig.	2
The Root Mean Square Error of 0.17, albeit not large, indicates that care must be taken when using the IF to rank journals, since for many journals the differences between their IFs are very small.	4
Sci2 (2009) software was used to construct the co-authorship network.	3
Which type of article, multi-authored or single-authored, shows a stronger Matthew Effect?	1
Scholarly output was defined as the total number of publications, number of citations, and h-index.	3
The work presented in this paper was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China by grant no.	0
Boxplot graph and Mann-Whitney U tests were used by considering the fact that impact factor and immediacy index data reflect right skewed distribution by nature.	3
The interviews in this study were conducted over a period of 3 years.	2
After a brief insight into the origins and the purpose of preprints in science, we conducted a concrete analysis of the concrete situation, aiming at providing an answer to several questions.	1
Finally, when Qualis 2017-2020 was officially released, it was concluded that BABT is classified in an appropriate stratum (A4), since its indicators, both in this study and the previous one [9], demonstrated that it meets all the requirements to be allocated in the upper strata of Qualis.	5
During the years of 2008 to 2017, there are 646 ESI highly cited papers in this area.	2
The implications of these findings for our understanding of the effective management of scientific research are discussed.	5
We have bibliometric data from three databases, the Indian Citation Index, Scopus and Web of Science.	2
'social' or 'welfare' in the title or subtitle of article or book); or journal title.	3
Controlling for scientists characteristics, occupying a central position in the network, mainly in the form of having many co-authors, positively affects scientific performance, shifting the h-index distribution to the right in some subfields.	5
The Cuban scientific output in foreign indexed journals was retrieved from international or regional databases and indexes without time restriction: Scopus; Web of Science Core Collection (WoS-CC), Biosis, Current Contents Connect (CCC), Zoological Record (ZR) and SciELO Citation Index (accessed through the Web of Science platform); Pubmed/Medline; Pascal and Francis; CABI; CLASE and PERIóDICA.	2
Neuropsychologist Bernhard Sabel, using a fake-paper detector developed by him, was "stunned" to discover that after screening approximately 5000 papers, up to 34 % of neuroscience articles published in 2020 were either fabricated or plagiarized.	4
In this paper, I provide a critical overview of the ‘fund people, not projects’ movement while suggesting paths forward for researcher evaluations.	3
Having established the dataset, we next analyzed our results using Harzing's Publish or Perish.	3
For a description of the role of citation analysis for evaluative means, see e.g.	0
However, few envisaged that transformational change would take place in the 5-year period (aside from French ECRs), although most thought that change should happen, and it probably will occur in a slow and gradual manner.	5
The first social cost associated with a focus on productivity-based research metrics is the danger of erosion of the quality of scientific publications and of peer review.	4
To test concurrent validity, the Mantel-Haenszel test of trend was used to examine if a linear association existed between the 2015 Carnegie Classifications and the translational profiles.	3
All journal articles published in 2022 and indexed in Scopus were downloaded in February and March 2023 using the Scopus API in Webometric Analyst, using queries of the form: SUBJMAIN(1109) AND DOCTYPE(ar) AND SRCTYPE(j), where 1109 is the ASJC (All Science Journal Classification) code for one Scopus narrow field (Elsevier, 2022).	2
Marginally, the strike rate in the SSB exercise is better compared to the efforts of the science academies to choose and recognize top scientists of the country.	4
1 Munich Center for Technology in Society (MCTS), Technical University of Munich, Arcisstra?e 21, 80333 Munich, Germany	0
The former represents the number of references one paper obtained and the latter the average monthly citations received by a paper.	3
In this context, this study contributes to the literature on higher education research by empirically assessing Macfarlane's (2012) assertions regarding higher education research.	1
The dataset included 775,456 abstracts that were published in 123 most highly cited journals in 12 fields of the general, biomedical and life sciences (Plavén-Sigray et al., 2017).	2
Furthermore, we conducted an ordinary least squares (OLS) regression analysis on the total number of Nobel Prizes as a dependent variable, measured during the HD, PWR, and NP periods.	3
But, ultimately, our findings also demonstrate how actions and actors were interlinked over time by scientists in Sweden to construct the final evaluation stage appointments at ERC headquarters as apex-esque, crescendo-like status-bestowing events that, because of their high stakes, engendered much stress and anxiety.	4
Readership counts have low correlations (0.143–0.168) with citation counts in Building and Construction and Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering.	4
The results show a network with very low density values (D = 0.06), average degree (10.05) and average clustering coefficient (0.41), while values were relatively high for diameter (6) and average path length (2.35).	4
In both India and in the United States, we found that the honor code did not have a discernible effect on the rate of cheating and that the warning did have a statistically significant effect.	4
Specifically, ~18% and 35% of the lowly cited publications received their first citation exactly in the year that they were published and 1 year after their publishing, respectively.	4
The results indicate a growing trend in the seafood cold chain logistics field, with disciplines such as mathematics, systems, and physics being notably prominent.	4
In sum, the following definition is given: an awakening collection is the phenomenon when books are in a “slumbering” state (that is, not borrowed by readers) for a period of time after entering the library but are later “awakened” (that is, borrowed by readers again) after this period.	5
However, ToS performs better in terms of number of citations: 2,819 results in the roots and 1,752 in the trunk.	4
a The change for RAST is 1995–1999 versus 2010–2014 since RAST did not begin until 1996.	0
Our analysis found that OA journal articles are more likely than subscription journal articles to be written in a language other than English (φ=0.16).	4
However, this article acted as a "wake-up switch", bringing about substantial highly-cited follow-up research (Fig.	4
Finally the Year based EM-index is defined as the square root of the sum of the component of year based EM-index.	3
Look is a doctoral student at Virginia Tech, Falls Church, Virginia, and vice president, Quantum Research Corporation, Bethesda, MD.	0
Received: 25 September 2020 / Accepted: 15 February 2021 / Published online: 6 March 2021	0
The objective of this study is to analyze NFM status and trends based on relevant papers and patents in the last 24 years to help grasp the context of global NFM research, and to provide technical support for science and technology development planning.	1
In this paper, we employed this approach and illustrated its usefulness by examining the work by three research groups that represented entrepreneurial, policy-oriented and welfare-service-related research.	3
For this study, data from the year 2022 were used, which were extracted in July 2023 for processing and analysis.	2
Here, we present the history and rationale for supporting synthesis centers, integrate insights arising from two decades of experience, and explore the challenges and opportunities for long-term sustainability.	1
The panel (1992–2001) has 734 professors in biomedical and exact sciences for whom we have information on their individual characteristics, scientific discipline, publications, career progression, and funding.	2
Relative impact (RI): based on mean citations per publication, this index is calculated to identify the Rl</METRIC> of Mexico with respect to the world in each research category.	3
The findings show that most participants reject using pure randomness to allocate financial resources for research.	4
2 Average share of four performance classes across five types of authors from set 1 [Data sourced	0
Through this article, we contribute to the conversations on misconduct by going beyond the notorious ‘big lies’ to the low-profile, yet still crucial and more difficult to identify, ‘small lies’, in an attempt to initiate an integrated understanding of these (mis)behaviors.	5
We ranked submissions according to their GPA score for 'environment' (from best to worst).	2
To analyse changes at the article level, we first retrieved all Chilean papers published between 1976 and 2015 from the core collection of WoS, which consists of the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), the Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI) and the Conference Proceedings Citation Indexes.	2
On average, between 60% and 80% of their keywords are specific (Figure 5b).	4
The H-index and the total number of citations were calculated for those pathogens, the location of the affiliation of the first author of each paper included in the H-index core was registered and, for the ten pathogens with the highest H-index, evolution over time was measured.	3
A database of 11,299 unique articles and 5,579 MeSH terms in the past 35 years (1978–2012) was constructed for analysis.	2
The three medical schools with highest numbers of letters published were King’s College London, Imperial College London and University of Oxford for both 2018/19 and 2019/20.	4
Using purposive sampling to maximize our data relative to the context, DAP from 1999 to 2017 were used as the primary data source for this study.	2
Using the logical operations “AND”, "OR", and "NOT”, offered by the interface of Scopus, we can find this publication (Fig.	3
As a result, we had 548,130 author pairs in the training set and 44,707 author pairs in the test set.	2
file 2) since the Internet Archive is unable to record a memento for each query.	3
A primary goal of this study is to build a comprehensive knowledge structure of multi-disciplinary scientific research about the Three Gorges Project and to find corresponding project-driven research patterns with covariates of language, country and time.	1
No significant differences were observed when post retraction weighted citation index (WCI, no.	4
A researcher's Nobel number for a given discipline in a given year is defined as the researcher's average coauthorship distance to that discipline's Nobel laureates in that year.	1
Statistical analysis was performed using the SPSS version 27.0 software (IBM Corp., Armonk, NY, USA).	3
We present PR3, offer a comprehensive empirical analysis of its results and a scientometric critique of its methodology.	1
The paper also advocates the need for a systemic vision, for both research and policymakers that goes beyond the sole power system.	5
The USA was the most productive country and most frequent partner of internationally collaboration.	4
This reveals an implicit hiring decision-making factor that encourages young researchers to actively seek collaboration opportunities with well-established scholars to secure a good faculty job in the future.	5
We find that team size has a positive relationship with an aggregate measure of DoL, but disaggregated measures show that this relationship holds for some aspects of DoL and not others.	4
The fastest-growing topics in the field are fuelled by technological advances (i.e.	5
0.0313, p = 0.051), and WS has a positive effect (β = 0.0787, p = 0.0016) on impact.	4
The bibliometric study will recognize the most influential authors, journals, institutes, articles and countries in the development of research on cardiac biomarkers.	1
Implications for policymakers and contributions to the literature on inter- disciplinarity and evaluation are provided.	5
A wide range of dental topics were covered in the included RCTs conducted among children and adolescents.	5
Data for this study were collected by crawling three top-tier NLP conferences: the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL) Anthology, the Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP) and the North American Chapter of the ACL (NAACL).	2
For the purpose of the study, Pakistan was divided into seven regions: Punjab, Sindh, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Baluchistan, Gilgit-Baltistan, Islamabad, and Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK), but the other countries were not subdivided.	3
Our approach was to solicit a candidate list from ecology experts (journal editorial members) and then rank those papers according to a random-sample voting process done by an even larger sample of ecological experts.	3
Our three citation groups were thus: (a) 176 scientific papers self-cited by inventor/applicant, (b) 271 scientific papers cited by examiner, and (c) 2,205 scientific papers non-self-cited by inventor/applicant.	2
This paper assesses how a scientist's position within the joint co-publication and co-invention network affects its production and citation impact.	1
All authors contributed to the article and approved the submitted version.	0
Otherwise, a different criterion must be used for the paper, for instance to give the mark of the previous quartile to which the journal belongs this year n.	0
Code 0 = no Dutch research council activity; code 1 = any Dutch research council activity.	0
We define the direct influence dij of journal i on journal j as the proportion Cji/|Ai||Rj|, i.e.	3
I am grateful to the Science and Technology Center of the National Science Council of Taiwan for providing the ISI database, and the hospitality at the Department of Physics, Simon Fraser University.	0
A graphical visualization of the bibliographic items (i.e., bibliographic coupling, co-authorship, co-occurrence of keywords and co-citation analysis) is further presented.	3
For those authors who did not have all their publications listed in the CRIStin database (e.g.	2
For each random forest model, the balanced accuracy score was above 0.95 and the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve was above 0.99.	4
Network analysis is used to observe the trends in collaboration in the journal.	3
The analysis shows there are significantly fewer broader impacts in the PORs than the abstracts.	4
After standardization by population size and GDP, Saudi Arabia, UAE and Lebanon had the highest publication productivity.	4
We analyzed research themes in the field of disaster medicine in China to provide references for researchers to understand the research status and developing trends of this field.	1
Based on the induced knowledge exchanges, we define distinct roles that boundary crossing outputs play in this process, namely settlers, disseminators, transcenders, and maintainers, and reveal that they have distinct performances on interdisciplinarity.	4
Previous research has found that over 94% of postretraction citations in biomedicine do not mention or cite the retraction.	4
Cases were COVID-19 papers and controls were non-COVID-19 papers published between March 2020 and January 2021.	3
At last, a total of 29,002 scholars with 95,374 articles extracted from PKG are referred as research subjects.	2
The modeling approach (Poisson or negative binomial regression) was selected based on the presence of overdispersion in the data, opting for negative binomial regression when overdispersion was observed.	3
Rank similarity analysis between national and global rankings for each country suggest that with the exception of a few instances global rankings do not strongly predict the national rankings.	5
In Section 3, we describe the patentee assessment algorithm based on the heterogeneous patent innovation network.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald- srm:380143 []	0
We hope the roadmap we have provided in this case study will help other libraries begin the process of successfully passing open access policies on their campuses and grow the availability of open research online.	5
Medicine journals published equally funded and unfunded documents, and finally economics journals published more unfunded than funded papers.	4
The dependent variable uses publications data (collected annually over the years 1995 through 2010) from 11 of the “most-selective” journals.	2
3 What is the degree of concordance between classifications obtained from MeSH terms and classifications obtained from KW Plus terms?	1
Do the static or time-dependent citation features have a more significant influence on citation prediction?	1
Received 1 March 2021; Received in revised form 19 May 2022; Accepted 25 May 2022	0
A 10-fold cross-validation method was used to assess the prediction performance of the classifiers (Kretschmann, Fleischmann, & Apweiler, 2001).	3
Da-jing Fang, Xu-hui Mao", Ye-ming Zhangb, Si-yu Zhang, Yu- jie Qiaoa and Fu-xing Gana,c	0
Europe hosted corresponding authors with the most publications and citations, and corresponding authors from North America had the largest mean journal impact factor.	4
In a nutshell, this study aims to describe each scholarly citation with an array of interpretable citation features, determine their relevance to scholars' citation decision-making, and highlight their differences in citation behavior patterns among different groups of scholars.	1
The selection of the reference publication years is analogous to SNCS1.	0
These findings help policy makers understand collaboration dynam- ics between sectors and how translation can occur between universities, firms, and health-care organizations.	5
The results of the mean differences calculations are presented in Table 1.	4
More than half of articles from UK institutions in the Nature Index have a co-author from a second country, most commonly the US, Germany and France.	4
This study maps the global HHW trade network from 1991 to 2020, analyzing its structural evolution using the temporal exponential random graph model (TERGM).	1
Each publisher's site was visited and its content analyzed.	3
The major objective of this study is to investigate the distribution and contribution of papers in the experimental field of quantum entanglement, such as experimental detection, measurement, and application of quantum entanglement, based on the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) considering annual production, citations per paper, journals, countries, institutions, and authors.	1
Differences in disruption between works produced by small and large teams are magnified as the impact of the work increases (Fig.	4
In the end, we had a clean sub-sample of 2,046 articles from 891 journals (of 15 publishers).	2
Average sentence length in Group A (28.2) is longer than that in Group B (26.9).	4
The size-dependent NI indicators favor large countries (or institutions) and the top-performing small countries (or institutions) do not come into the picture.	4
ML classifiers are better at replicating the ground truth classification than human classifiers overall.	5
Mean- and variance-adjusted weighted least squares (or WLSMV) estimation was used because of the ordinal nature of the survey items (Beauducel and Herzberg 2006).	3
2017) on an embedding to thirty dimensions produced by UMAP from the unreduced data, as hDBSCAN is quite sensitive to datasets of higher dimensionality.	3
The highest level of correlation is between the number of joint papers with foreign authors and volume performance indicators.	4
In summary, the overall gain percentage of the section-based approach was 13.72%.	5
Finally, as a result of this study, it was possible to identify that the publication of articles in open access journals in Brazil has increased significantly, especially in recent years, and that the distribution of authors by their large areas of activity demonstrating that some of these areas stand out for the number of people linked to them, such as large areas of Health Sciences and Human Sciences.	5
In this scenario, electronic editions and accessibility on the internet certainly play a critical role.	5
The linkage of ORCID with the bibliographic Gemeinsame Normdatei (GND; translated: Integrated Authority File) standard in German-speaking countries has contributed to the success of ORCID in Germany.	5
To examine the publication patterns of pediatric neurology articles in general pediatric, general neurology, and neurology subspecialty journals using a bibliometric approach.	1
Pattern 3 has a great potential to evolve into a breakthrough innovation, because the EKB, LKB and ERT are continuously developing.	4
The method followed for analysing conference proceedings followed the same pattern for each database.	3
The Emerald Research Register for this journal is available at http://www.emeraldinsight.com/researchregister	0
For scientists opening the email, we collected three scores of scientific productivity from ISI Web of Science: (1) the number of articles, (2) the number of proceeding articles and (3) the Hirsch index of citations (Hirsch 2005).	2
In this article, we shall explore the impact of one such evaluation mechanism, New Zealand's Performance-Based Research Fund (PBRF), on publication activity in the nation's university-based economics departments.	1
We followed a six-step procedure for data collection and coding, as detailed below.	3
Importantly, in the combined predatory group, 98.2% of journals met 2 or more criteria.	4
Table 3 shows how the citations are distributed across the fields and periods.	0
The substantial numbers of incorrect DOIs may not only affect the data processing of bibliometric databases themselves (e.g.	1
A total of 328 manuscripts were identified, with a yearly average of 66 publications and 363 citations.	2
Efficiently spending marketing funds to increase the effectiveness of a treatment center's website can be a low cost way for even small facilities to increase market competitiveness.	5
However, the study discovers that interdisciplinarity has not led to an increase in the applicability of research outcomes, underscoring the potential limitations of interdisciplinary research in tackling development challenges within the Chinese context.	4
Keywords: Research performance; Engineering research; Publication productivity; h indices; Citation analysis; Scientometrics assessment.	0
This task, fortunately, has been fulfilled by an online tool called MAPAFFIL (http://abel.lis.illinois.edu/cgi-bin/mapaffil/search.py; (Torvik, 2015)).	3
A chi-square test of independence was performed to examine the relationship between the research domain and expertise of authors.	3
Initially, we identified authors of 84 “regular papers" articles published in the four issues of the Journal of Informetrics in 2016.	2
The number of citations after 3 years was higher for tweeted articles than controls, but these differences were not statistically significant: for Web of Science, citations increased by 0.6 (7%) per article (p = 0.258), and for Google Scholar by 1.4 (12%) per article (p = 0.157).	4
These findings should encourage researchers to re-evaluate their go-to databases, also against newly introduced options.	5
In order to analyze the development of cross-country scientific collaboration over time, we distinguish three sub periods, 1998–2000, 2002–2004, and 2006–2008.	2
English skills of Brazilian researchers in the CNPq database who published between 2001 and 2004.	0
This study aims to ascertain to what extent non-scientific factors contribute to determining, in addition to intrinsic quality, the scholarly impact of a research product.	1
These findings may help researchers on planning and strategizing for future research on COVID-19 specifying on Malaysia cases.	5
The second objective is to investigate the relationship between citation performance and country assignments of papers.	1
The major goal of this paper is to address these gaps and limitations by providing a comprehensive exploration and analysis of research advances within RecSys in China over the past 10 years.	1
In this study, as will be elaborated below, academics and university leaders did not agree on how to incentivise interdisciplinary research collaboration.	4
Leaders’ performance in medicine fields has declined the most (60%).	4
The research employed a scientometric methodology and leveraged scientific visualization tools such as Bibliometrix R Package Software, VOSviewer, and Litmaps for comprehensive data analysis.	3
The model is significative and the percentage variance explained is considerable (R2=0.114).	4
In terms of betweenness centrality, the USA had the most primary central position in international students' mobility and research mentions on Mendeley, while the UK occupied the most central position on Twitter (see Table 6).	4
A decisive improvement in the proposed methodology could be realized through international comparisons of research performance at field level.	5
Current BRICS collaboration is concentrated in fields of physics and astronomy and to a lesser extent in medicine.	5
Therefore, 2123 articles were finally included in our study.	2
The research assessed nursing faculty awareness and knowledge of the journal impact factor (JIF) and its impact on their publication choices.	1
Conceptually, the question of functions of research quality in knowledge production processes indicates the current separation of studies on research quality from those on knowledge production in the sciences, social sciences and humanities.	5
We find that applicants external to the district receive lower ratings for job applications compared to internal applicants.	4
The academic impact of the papers was measured using the total local citation score (TLCS), total global citation score (TGCS), and average global citation score (AGCS) [31].	3
We downloaded all tweets posted by Biological Invasions between January 2017 and October 2021, as well as the number of engagements per tweet using the 'get_all_tweets' function of the academictwitteR package.	2
Table 1 Ten top-ranked researchers from the whole study group, identified by the SQI criteria	0
The Web of Science (WoS) is the database that we use in order to collect the articles included in our study.	2
Received: 14 June 2022 Revised: 24 December 2023 Accepted: 26 January 2024	0
The Asian university ranking order is strongly affected by the choice of database, indicator, and the data retrieval method used.	4
A Pearson correlation test was executed to examine the significant relationship between readiness for OA and perceived challenges in adopting OA publishing (Table 4).	3
Economic development is closely linked to national research productivity with high income nations dominating global research publications.	5
Moreover, citation and link analysis show that click chemistry had a much richer impact on other research fields than what is generally acknowledged, and drew solutions to significant and practical questions back to chemistry from biology.	3
Active journals not listed by the DOAJ are 52%, 36%, and 13%, respectively.	4
We observe a five year period to avoid the random fluctuations of yearly observations.	0
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Our study is of limited scope, since the motivation behind reverse flips cannot be affirmed through bibliometric research alone.	0
The composite index h-cpp which combines h-index as a quantity and CPP as an impact of the 'productive core' of research productivity addresses the reservation of a good indicator, fairly justified citation distribution issues by incorporating the underpinning of h-index and may feasible for RPE purpose among the most noted h-type indices.	5
The ten highest-ranked journals under the 'Dentistry, Oral Surgery & Medicine' subject category were evaluated: Clinical Oral Implants Research (COIR), Journal of Clinical Periodontology (JCP), Clinical Implant Dentistry and Related Research (CIDRR), Periodontology 2000 (Perio 2000), Journal of Dental Research (JDR), Dental Materials, Oral Oncology, International Oral and Maxillofacial Implants (IOMI), Journal of Dentistry (JDent), and Community Dentistry and Oral Epidemiology (CDOE).	2
The outcome used to assess the scientific productivity and impact of the centers was the absolute number of citations.	3
The author and journal with the largest share of these 100 articles were Stephen M.	4
In order to improve individual research achievements (IRA), this study investigates which affiliated countries and authors earn the most cited IRAs and whether those types of articles are associated with the number of cited papers on schizophrenia from a leading journal in the field.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/) which permits unrestricted non-commercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Between 29 June 2017 and 26 July 2017, we collected information about each journal's open access policies from their websites and/or by email contact.	3
Based on the full-text data extracted from the citing article, as shown in Table 1, EABCA calculates special author bibliographic coupling strength considering citation semantic and syntactic information.	3
This paper employs network theory, mining data and bibliometric analysis when mapping the scientific contribution of Nobel Prize candidate; Manuel Sandoval Vallarta, the first and most renowned Mexican physicist and important figure in Latin American science.	1
The co-authorship network of the 30 Russian universities became larger and denser over time.	4
The list of journals and their supporting database sources are provided below:	0
The results of the CSS-based methods are also gauged against traditional measures.	3
In total, 15,519 documents (13,453 ones with DOI, bylining 66,325 authors) was retrieved, and the total number of references is 328, 614 (287,764 ones with DOI).	2
For data analysis, the software program R v.3.6.1.	3
However, peer reviewers' risk tolerance has not been well studied.	1
We would hold that the PFL offers just such a trust signal, capable of informing and encouraging both public and researcher engagement with this larger world of potentially trustworthy publications.	5
The dataset contains 193 Nobel laureates from 1902 to 2016, including the laureate's name, award time, laureate's paper title, paper publication time, Prize-winning paper label and other data.	2
The second author would like to thank the financial support of Liikesivistysrahasto and the foundation of Kemira Oyj for funding family business research.	0
Notably, the proportion of female reviewers decreases with more longevity, all but disappearing after 40 years.	4
We used the multivariate linear regression model in this paper, which facilitated the analysis of our continuous dependent variable.	3
Conflicts of Interest: The authors declare that they have no conflicts of interest to report regarding the present study.	0
PLoS usage counts, PMC usage counts and WoS usage counts of each article along with other metadata are aggregated by DOI or article title.	2
The study employed the journal impact factor contributing indicator to compare highly cited and high journal impact factor papers across various aspects, including papers, authors, institutions, and countries.	3
* Although the list initially included 32 publications, 1 did not meet the study inclusion criteria.	0
First, it suggests that research processes are unethical because research participants are not informed of the exclusionary nature of publications.	4
The Mendeley reader count (MRC), which can be acquired from the Mendeley platform (https://www.mendele-y.com/?interaction_required=true), is another parameter for altmetric analyses.	3
This suggests that differences in writing styles might be a result of the explicit format and genre of journal article or grant application abstracts.	5
This study further permit us disentangle the themes on which Hennart’s works on the transaction costs have been used.	5
Co-authorship analysis can be used to determine the position of an author in the collaboration network and might provide important information on the scientists' own contribution to the research output reported in their Curriculum Vitae.	5
In this study, the following formula was used to calculate the collaboration coefficient:	3
Seventy-two invitations to be a speaker (55, 73.4%) or attend (17, 23.6%) a predatory conference were received.	4
The field of observation consists of all professors of Italian universities in the science disciplines, except those in the life sciences, where standard practice in Italy is to order the byline according to the authors' intellectual contributions.	2
Haggag and Paci analyzed 13 million taxi rides taken in New York City in 2009.	2
This paper offers a structured approach to identifying current and potential research collaborations across faculties at a Canadian university.	1
Our results clearly demonstrate causal relations between the performance of research community and changes in wider society.	4
The software platform developed for the exams, LICIEXAM, consisted of three main components: Exam database.	2
Rather than one dominant bias effect, we observe complex interactions and a gradual trickle-down decrease in this female percentage through the publishing process and each of these female percentages is less than the last: authors of submissions; authors of RSC submissions which are not rejected without peer review; authors of accepted RSC publications; authors of cited articles.	5
Based on Douban Reading platform, this paper uses descriptive statistical analysis, grouping analysis, correlation analysis and other statistical methods to conduct the altmetrics evaluation of 1000 highly-cited books in Chinese Book Citation Index.	1
In this study we describe the outcomes of our team's journey through preprint publishing since September 2016, showing evidence that preprinting research substantially benefits both early career and senior researchers in today's highly interdisciplinary chemical research.	1
The remaining 72% are “draining” to other (non-development) categories.	4
The opinion expressed in this paper does not necessarily represent the view of this Working Group.	0
Table 9 Topics in which the dot-science web domains are most frequently categorized, and their average Topical Trust Flow (Majestic)	0
The rigour of each lab i is represented by a single term, a?, which is the intrinsic false positive rate of studies conducted in that lab.	2
The bibliometric data were retrieved from Scopus via its API using Python 3.7 and the library pybliometrics [31].	2
The participants comprised a total of 143 Secondary 1 (S1) and Secondary 2 (S2) students (i.e.	2
In summary, our results empirically confirm that double-blind peer review, in which both authors and referees are anonymous, is apparently unfeasible with the widespread diffusion of social network platforms.	5
While our analysis does not inform about the epistemological basis driving the choice for one word or another, it clearly emphasizes the negative effect of jargon on the success of a paper.	5
Participants reported greater likelihood of requesting clarification when assigned to the coauthor relative to the peer reviewer role.	4
Between 1993 and 2004, those articles and books deemed to be especially significant were selected to receive featured reviews in MR.	2
P. Mukherjee, William Divale, Sharron Griffin, Susan Boyd, Michael Beckes and James Keyser.	0
Office for Research, School of Medicine, University of Split, ?oltanska 2, 21000 Split, Croatia	0
The h-index can be used to characterize the academic productivity of AEPs.	5
In this sense, the second section of the article presents a review of the literature related to evaluating science, technology, and innovation at both national (Iran) and international levels.	0
We use scientometrics to analyze the journal's impact, prominent topics, most frequent authors, and their affiliated institutions and countries.	1
The correlations of 0.996 for the pair (2YIF, 2YIF*), 0.995 for (RIF, RDIF), 0.993 for (h-index, h-RePEc), 0.992 for (SIF, DIF), and 0.991 for (h-index, C3PO) are extremely high, which suggest that, among others, the two-year impact factors including and excluding self-citations are very similar for the leading econometrics journals.	4
The data used to support the findings of this study are available from the corresponding author upon request.	0
To investigate the overall WeChat uptake by Chinese scholarly journals from the field of social sciences and humanities;	1
Tree construction: Subgraph G = (V,E) of G' = (V', E'), where V = (Vroot U Vleaf U Vtrunk), and E is considered a subset of the edges of E' which only affects the vertices of V is called “Tree of Science” (Robledo et al.	3
Resulting array of publications metadata affiliated with at least one Russian organization for 2000–2019 consists of 1,050,681 records (downloaded in September 2020).	2
(1) The coverage of digital object identifiers and altmetric values on books was relatively low.	4
In each panel we only analyze editors with NE ≥ 10 articles to avoid small sample size fluctuations; vertical dashed lines indicate distribution mean.	0
The moderating effect seems to be limited to the relationships established between academics from the same discipline.	5
The authors gratefully acknowledge the support of the National Science Foundation and the Office of Basic Energy Sciences, US Department of Energy.	0
Research for patents was undertaken by using the keywords flour, passion fruit and Passiflora edulis, with filter on title and/or abstract of documents at United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), European Patent Office (EPO – Espacenet) and World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO – Patentscope) bases.	2
Through multiple search options (symptoms, keywords, related items), users can identify items and scales that best address the side-effects to be measured.	3
The study is a cross-sectional bibliometric analysis conducted following an adapted version of the Strengthening the Reporting of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (STROBE) statement to ensure methodological rigor, while using a Big Data methodology and data repository.	3
An annual South African cancer research publication productivity index will be calculated by comparing South African publications (numerator) to worldwide cancer publications (denominator), that is, world share of publications.	3
To examine the research visibility and impact of individual nation in the context of the global scenario, relative citation impact (RCI) was calculated using the below formula.	3
The Chinese STM Journal Excellence Action Plan (2019–2023) proposes the construction of world-class STM journals, which is another national policy goal following the construction of world-class universities and world-class disciplines (CAST, 2019b).	4
*Experimental C and P for TOTAL are not used in the computation of the trendline in Fig.	0
The results showed that findings of WebQEM were in “good” condition (mean 0.63).	5
That means that high-weight edges tend to be retained in the skeletons.	4
The analysis of this information has led to a comprehensive description of PHO physicians, professional activities, and workplace.	1
We observed statistically significant gains in high-impact research post-hire, supporting H2.	4
A ranking of authors is a complete and transitive binary relation on the set of authors A.	3
Using innovative Machine Learning techniques we create a vector representation for the PACS codes and we use them to represent the relative movements of the various domains of Physics in a multi-dimensional space.	3
By focusing on proposals fell just below and just above the funding threshold, we compare near-miss with narrow-win applicants, and find that an early-career setback has powerful, opposing effects.	1
To identify highly cited works in sTBI, we performed a generalized search using the database of Web of Science (WoS) (Thomson Reuters, New York, USA), the world's leading database collecting citation and other academic impact information.	2
This study also included two additional metrics (AWCR and AWCRpA) that account for age and coauthorship to better assess individual scholar contributions over their entire academic career.	3
The field normalised citation count used is the Normalised Log-transformed Citation Score (NLCS), which is log-transformed citation count ln(1 + c) for an article divided by the average of all log-transformed citation counts ln(1 + c) for all articles in the same narrow field and year (Thelwall, 2017).	3
Publications on pain by Africans and/or non-Africans conducted in Africa on Africans living in Africa within the study period were included.	2
RQ3: Can we predict scientific breakthroughs based on their specific characteristics, if any?	1
In order to formulate strategic goals, research policies should be based on sound analysis of the nation’s research infrastructure.	5
There are 2,050,044 articles in MEDLINE tagged as being funded by the NIH.	2
On average, the physicists published 10% of their publications during their annus mirabilis.	4
(3) The projection of individual researchers via their topic portfolios allows to locate them relationally on these three continuous measures of epistemological distinctions.	4
This article introduces a versatile functional form for Generalized Linear Models (GLMs) through a simple, yet effective, transformation of the current framework.	1
In this paper, we propose two measures to gauge team exploration strategy.	3
We analyze how megajournals (PLOS One, Scientific Reports) are represented in different fields relative to prominent generalist journals (Nature, PNAS, Science) and “quasi-megajournals” (Nature Communications, PeerJ).	1
Perhaps the most serious implication for research evaluation, echoing in more detail the finding of a previous study (Wang & Waltman, 2016), is that the journal categorisation process in Scopus can be unreliable and this may undermine the accuracy of citation indicator calculations that depend on this.	5
Viewed collectively, different journal responses to human gene knockdown publications with a common reagent error type suggest that editorial staff require more support to interpret post-publication notifications of incorrect nucleotide sequence reagents.	5
We then constructed a classifier, combining both manual design and machine learning, to categorize sentiment-based sentences in history book reviews.	3
The total count of the connections in 2012 (632 edges) was four times that of 2009 (122 edges), which demonstrates a significant increase in collaborations on RMS.	4
The apparent trends we have observed over 6 years may be of interest to the medical research community.	0
The share of the ten base journals is also given in parentheses.	0
Liu Junjia and Bouko de Groot are thanked for their assistance.	0
Collaborations have a certain positive impact on scientific output in Vietnam, which explains why Vietnamese scientists are inclined towards co-publishing.	5
The network structures of student mobility and online scholarly communication followed the ideas of World System Theory that describes core, periphery, and semi-periphery areas.	4
Such a male-exclusive authorship condition is found to be the solely responsible for the emergence of that particular shape in the network structure.	4
Readers will make their own judgments as to the meaning and significance of the empirical data in the article and my assessments of them.	0
The top 100 articles from each database were included in our analysis.	2
This article was downloaded by: [SUNY State Univ of New York Geneseo]	0
Our study presents a detailed list and analysis of the 100 most cited articles published about lung cancer screening which provides insight into the historical developments and key contributions in this field.	5
In addition, visualisation software (VOS) was used to illustrate the relationships established through bibliographic coupling, keyword co-occurrence, authors and co-citation.	3
Since the structure of co-authorship networks is unique, we couldn't compare it with other networks.	0
The practical question is not how to get rid of university ranking — impossible in the foreseeable future — but how ranking might evolve so that its negative effects are minimised, it better serves the common interest, and provides optimal comparative information.	1
The methodology used in this work is the complex network analyses which include centrality analysis and path analysis of the scientific literature collected over the time span—January 1, 1999 to May 5, 2013.	3
Received December 30, 2009; revised March 12, 2010; accepted March 15, 2010	0
This article examines the current and historical niches of megajournals, focusing on disciplinary differentiation and comparisons with prominent traditional journals.	1
It is one of the criteria for evaluating the novelty of a periodical and an important index to reflect the life span of the periodical sample.	0
RQ2: Are gender differences in first author citation advantages similar across narrow fields in large English-speaking countries?	1
The clear policy implication from this result is that higher education policymakers should support the research collaboration in universities in various forms.	5
The present article aims to provide better insight into the theoretical and empirical relation between performance management in higher education and academic integrity, using self-reported information at the individual and group levels.	1
The data and analyses are stored securely and are available from the corresponding author upon reasonable request, in compliance with ethical standards and data protection regulations.	0
Through the aforementioned data collection methods and processes, we gathered a total of 9495 posts, 22,713 comments including sub-comments, and 17,868 forwards.	2
(2) To what extent different panel of experts evaluating the same journals produce consistent ratings?	1
was accessed by using the following 14 descriptors as a search strategy: (1) keywords: “actividad física”; “activitat física”; “educación física”; “educación física”, “ense?anza deportiva”; “ensenyament esportiu”, “actividad físico deportiva”, “activitat físico-esportiva", "juegos deportivos”; “jocs esportius”; “ejercicio físico”, “exercici físic”; “deporte”; "esport",1 in the title or in the summary of theses.	3
The Scopus database (Elsevier BV, Amsterdam, Netherlands) was then used to investigate each fellowship faculty member individually to find the number of publications published between 2010 and 2014.	2
Counting the citations that books receive in articles as well as in other books provides a comprehensive assessment of book impact and publisher quality and provides a benchmark against which scholars can judge a book's relative importance.	5
A generalized model for the index using other variables and variable weights is proposed.	1
In Table 2a, we observe that author-based features’ importance scores are the highest, which are higher than 0.5.	4
A total of 14 nurse scholars including current PhD students, faculty and alumni from Schools of Nursing participated in the study.	2
In conventional DCA, the similarity of two documents generally depends upon the frequency count of their co-citations; higher the number, more significant is their similarity.	3
Overall, this study of the genomics field provides insight into the current landscape and the potential for future growth.	5
Recent contributions suggest that non-economic factors could be important motivational drivers of scientific mobility.	1
As several indicators were involved, correlation (PROC CORR) were were carried out to examine the relationship between these quality criteria and then principal component (PROC PRINCOMP) analyses used to transform these criteria into a smaller number of uncorrelated variables.	3
The dependent t-test indicated that articles with a male first author had a more positive writing style than those with a female first author (Mfemale = 0.52, SD = 0.63 vs.	4
Numbers of scientific articles per year (2009-2013) per country for each journal were identified through PubMed.	3
A second database (Google Scholar) was used to gather the following information: number of authors, publication year, journal name, impact factor, country of origin, and article type (original article, review article, conference paper, or editorial).	2
The limitation of the presented work is that solo authors cannot be ranked via analysis of the co-author network.	5
Our work suggests citation rates within wildlife ecology are influenced by a number of controllable factors, and that authors pursuing a variety of visibility strategies can increase the influence of an article on science and management.	5
The retrieved 2547 articles were published in 309 journals.	4
Residencies were then categorized as 'highly selective' versus 'not highly selective.'	3
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
The remaining 92 email requests came from 57 separate eligible (plastic surgery or general surgery) journals.	2
The researchers used the survey method to collect data from the editors-in-chief/editors of all 329 HEC-recognized journals in Pakistan listed in the HEC-recognized journals list of 2019 (HEC, 2019).	2
This study focuses on co-word analysis to identify the underlying constructs of the open banking concept.	3
The number of articles and reviews that have been authored wholly within Africa (i.e.	4
The second dataset (DS2) comprises 21,940 full-text articles downloaded from ACL.	2
What is the size of the underlying digital libraries?	1
In order to explore and compare the presence of social media metrics across disciplines in a global map of science the VOSviewer has been used (www.vosviewer.com/), particularly the “density view” and “label view" techniques (van Eck and Waltman, 2010, 2011).	3
In other words, one of the primary functions of TrM is as a means through which private firms can externalize the risks and costs of early stage biopharmaceutical R&D.	4
As a result, the weighted average of SJR 2015 indicator for “new” staff was much higher than for "old" staff—1.170 versus 0.470.	4
Using the full text of articles, in-text citations related to HBPLE were identified.	3
Is there a scaling correlation between the CBP of a country and degree centrality of the country?	1
Received 29 July 2005; received in revised form 2 August 2005; accepted 13 August 2005	0
Specifically, the following research questions will be addressed: 1.	1
Grants are implicitly important to many staff, yet participants did not select grant writing and grant success in response to the open-ended questions, but more so when prompted by specific, guiding questions related directly to the Steering Media (SM).	4
This article examines structured inequalities and authors' positionalities in the academic publishing field.	1
With “solar energy” as the subject, the literature in the Web of Science Core Collection from 2008 to 2018 was retrieved.	2
Male first authors are associated with significantly higher citation rates than female first authors.	4
This study aims to examine the performance of the journal during those years.	1
The main conclusion that follows from the above calculations is that the US WCUs are gradually being ousted from the top list by European and Asian universities.	5
To perform co-word analysis, we took the keywords (author keywords and indexed keywords) contained in all the retrieved documents to build a proximity/similarity matrix.	3
During the entire investigated period, the main themes refer to Chagas disease, schistosomiasis, and Leishmaniasis.	4
This article proposes distinguishing RM from a broader concept: scientific misconduct.	3
In general, the journals with the highest number of citations (Journal of Computer Mediated, Journal of Communication or New Media & Society) with few exceptions (Continuum) stand out.	4
the highest correlation with the results is demonstrated by the indicators of publication activity (number, citedness, quality of journals), especially in foreign scientific citation databases, as well as with foreign scientists	4
It is noted that there is the greatest correlation between the number of publications in foreign high-ranking journals and the amount of funding for scientific and creative activity (P1) (Table 4).	4
The results indicate that linked-based metrics have more power in estimating the similarity of articles than the combination of text-based metrics.	4
It also consists of the exchange of data to facilitate the financing and payment aspects of the business transactions.	0
The model integrates a hyperlink-induced topic search (HITS)-based link network extending strategy and a semantic based clustering algorithm with the aid of co-link analysis and social network analysis (SNA) to discover subject-based communities in the academic web space.	3
The first type is what we would call "purposeful advances.”	4
In study 2 we have re-used the vast majority of survey measures for research variables with one exception which is that research productivity was measured through number of surveyed scholars' publications tracked in Scopus database.	2
A breakthrough article is here defined as the article with the highest impact in the micro-field.	3
proposals from a wider range of applicants, as well as to a more diverse landscape of topics of funded applications, including with respect to academic disciplines and research methodologies (Bendiscioli et al.	4
If the CA author selected one discipline, we classified the research as UDR; if the CA selected more than one discipline, we classified the research as IDR.	3
Second, traditional co-word analysis and the emerging BTD can be integrated into a uniform model or tool to explore a research front for their possible connections.	5
The data reveal that Mendeley readership accumulates at a notably rapid pace, characterized by a substantial initial engagement that continues to expand significantly over time.	4
In addition, competitive models were compared by means of the Bayesian information criterion (BIC; Schwarz, 1978; note that Model 2 and Model 3 are not nested).	3
Four clusters are discernible using the Johnson's Hierarchical Clustering function in UCINET (Borgatti, Everett and Johnson, 2013) (Figures 2–4).	3
This study presents a model named the multiple-link, mutually reinforced journal-ranking (MLMRJR) model based on the PageRank and the Hyperlink-Induced Topics Search algorithms that considers not only the quantity and quality of citations in intra-networks, but also the mutual reinforcement in inter-networks.	1
Recent studies have shown that these small lies or low-profile misconducts are more prevalent in management academia than the relatively more easily identifiable fabrication, falsification, and plagiarism.	4
Finally, it can be concluded that the co-authorship experience of faculty members may result in the production of social capital among faculty members, and this may result in the development of the university.	5
The epistemological dimension addresses what new research results and understanding of relevant phenomena have contributed to solving of technological and societal problems.	1
In total, 150 papers titles in the SSCI published between January 1993 and August 2017 were identified as containing the term.	2
Our search found all the authors for a grand total of 51,905 articles.	2
Defined by a set of keywords, we searched the interdisciplinary field “climate impact on societies in the past”.	2
To answer these questions, this study conducts a bibliometric analysis on academic publications in this field during the period 2009–2017 to explore the general publication distributions, reveal the collaboration relations, discover hot keywords and analyze major research themes and their evolutions.	1
Our analysis shows that although medical journals with a high impact factor provide some form of open access, they restrict commercially funded research from being published with the CC BY licence, meaning that the research output cannot be reused or built on if it is published in journals with a high impact factor without payment of additional fees.	5
We searched for childhood obesity policy documents produced between 2000 and 2015 by NSW government agencies.	2
Notwithstanding its limitations, this study provides a current highlight on the relationship between academic productivity in rheumatology and economic indicators of OECD countries.	5
Although directed against an immune inhibitor, the drug unexpectedly failed to increase the magnitude of immune T cell responses.	4
This study investigates the reasons for using social media sites for scholarly communication among a large sample of Italian university scholars (N=6139) with the aim of analysing what factors mainly affect these attitudes.	1
Pearson product-moment correlations were computed between all independent variables (i.e., bibliometric measures), followed by descriptive analyses for the independent variables for all fellows and then stratified by organization.	3
Third, the total number of articles published in the top 10 high-impact obstetrics and gynecology journals (based on IF) were counted and the top 10 most published obstetrics and gynecology journals for each country (based on the number of publications) were also identified.	3
While the study exposes the weaknesses of Nigeria universities in exploring the potentials of institutional repositories in wider dissemination their scientific productivity, it challenges government and other stakeholders to develop sustainable framework for development of repositories in the country.	5
Juris Dilevko is on the Faculty of Information Studies at the University of Toronto; e-mail: dilevko@fis.utoronto.ca.	0
In a way that is consistent with other bibliometric research (Ho et al.	2
To see how contemporary training of statisticians has kept pace with calls for integrating ethics education, we examined ethics requirements for graduate-level statistics training programs in the United States for the 2013-2014 academic year.	1
Boolean operators (*) used to capture all relevant variations of a term	0
The keyword co-occurrence network map displayed in Fig.	4
Firstly, we found that the absolute annual number of Ukrainian A&H papers has increased, accompanied by an increase in the number of published sources.	5
It reports on the relationship between productivity and collaboration.	1
Once the total number of articles and citations generated were added to the residency program database, we ranked the residency programs based on the total number of times their work was cited in the literature.	3
4, the i = 5, 7, 8, 10, 12 subfields.	3
Physiological and ecophysiological research of trees exposed to stress dominated, followed by molecular biology and biochemistry, genetics, ecology.	4
Descriptive statistics, chi-square tests, t-tests, analysis of variance, logistic regression, Cochran-Armitage trend test, Poisson regression with log-link function and generalised estimating equation analyses were used, taking statistical significance at 2P < 0.05.	3
The breakdown of these inventions, by category and subcategory as defined by the patent database, is available from the author upon request.	0
A total of 2306 documents were searched from the Web of Science Core Collection, and 1065 journals and 2913 institutes were extracted.	2
We restrict our analysis to cheating in the form of illicit sharing of information between students.	1
There is a clear trend of single and multiple male authorship.	5
We therefore began by searching Google for the full article title, as listed in the citation.	3
After that, we performed an analysis of variance (Anova) of the models to understand the effect size of each variable.	3
they do not communicate effectively), they actually hinder academic progress by diverting intellectual energy; their publication is irresponsible.	4
Sex Differences in Published Mass Media Research Based on the Number of Articles (1965-1989)	0
Titles, abstracts, authors' names and affiliations, as well as publication dates of each faculty member's papers were retrieved from Scopus APIs, based on author name and affiliation.	2
We identified all articles citing these retracted publications in Web of Science and Scopus and limited results to systematic reviews.	3
Our study reveals that international research collaboration can increase the policy citation of research.	5
To test whether the quantity of papers can represent the quality of research, we ran- domly selected 100 project samples and calculated the total impact factor of papers published in English-language SCI journals.4	0
We collected various forms of RWD by searching in the medicines recommendations made by the HAS (Haute Autorité de Santé), the database of the ATIH (technical agency on hospitalization's information) and of the French national health insurance.	2
5 The projection of world cumulative publication counts (from starting year of interest to year that sees slowdown of production)	0
Three models have been trained: the first one is trained by the data of an actor, the second one is trained by the data of an actress, and the third one is trained by the mixed data.	3
Analyzing the IF progression of Neotropical Ichthyology demonstrated a distinct increase in this journal's impact, considering that improving a ranking in the impact classification quartiles is not a common phenomenon.	5
The findings of this study are useful for readers, journal editors, publishers, administrators of academic/research institutions, librarians in addition to authors.	5
Received July 16, 2010; revised August 28, 2010; accepted August 30, 2010	0
Due to the high number of publications on sustainable development, energy, as well as sustainable, green and renewable energy, the analysis was conducted for the first 2000 most cited papers and for the first 2000 most recent papers.	2
An interesting result is that, for both databases, the omitted-citation rate tends to decrease over time; this result is even more remarkable, as we considered seven consecutive years only (i.e., from 2006 to 2012).	4
In conclusion, interest in asbestos research is growing again in the new millennium, after a slowdown in the nineties.	5
we also included an “academic experience" variable, calculated as the difference between 2020 and the year of first publication.	3
The ontology is built by finding the explicit relationships (i.e., super- type sub-type, disjointedness, and overlapping) between state-of-the-art similarity techniques.	1
Specifically, we utilized social network analysis and text mining techniques to address two research questions: First, do more collaborations occur when an academic institution has a more multidisciplinary environment?	1
The details of six hot topics about new IT were as follow:	0
To evaluate the impact of copublication on the citation of Cochrane evidence.	1
The higher the number of pages, references and authors, the higher the scientific impact of articles, as shown by the positive and statistically significant coefficients for these variables.	4
Using the parameters, we classify the journals into three parts according to their academic value and demand and determine the core journals of the discipline.	5
For subsequent analysis, only the largest component, which includes 1,733 documents and their citations, was used.	2
VOSviewer software was used to view the words of the titles of the papers shared on Twitter profiles.	3
Authors may be forced to choose between high cost with greater reach through OA and low cost with less reach publishing under the subscription model under current policies.	5
Can we identify changes that can be traced back to heterodox economics?	1
Funding levels to orthopaedic surgery departments lag behind funding to departments of other surgical disciplines.	5
This article assesses the characteristics of faculty members' publishing records at the start of a first assistant professor position in order to predict their continued publication productivity.	1
For this purpose, a longitudinal study of citations is conducted, of the papers authored by at least one researcher from India for the period 1985–1994 (10 years) and citations received till 2019.	2
Papers published in finance and economics journals whose first authors are famous have more citations than papers whose second or third authors are famous.	1
Additional data was acquired from the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) statistics, World Bank statistics, World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) and Nature Index database.	2
The second dataset derives from WikiData, the knowledge base that serves as a central repository for structured data used by various Wikimedia projects, including Wikipedia.	2
Taking that context into account, this dataset seems to imply that early-career publication performance is not a reliable predictor of later career publication performance.	5
2) In what ways did the relationships between US and Chinese scientists develop?	1
This study is a comparison of the United States and Europe in terms of Nobel Prize-winning discoveries in Chemistry, Physics, and Physiology or Medicine, and the number of highly cited papers in the Thomson Reuters Web of Science (WoS) Research Areas of Chemistry, Physics, and Biochemistry & Molecular Biology.	2
The designed bi-directional LSTM model outperformed the support vector machine by 9.46%, with a 0.81 f1-score on a dataset of 37,000 algorithm-specific deep metadata text lines that had been tagged by four human experts.	4
The extent of public discussion was assessed based on Altmetric and Disqus data.	3
Another problem is that Scopus tends to extract institution names which are only mentioned in the funding acknowledgment as funding agencies.	4
This report compiles objective metrics describing research productivity for RTPs associated with CAMPEP-accredited residency programs.	5
To properly reflect the limited nature of our dependent variables, we additionally estimate a fractional response model (FRM) which uses a Bernoulli Quasi Maximum Likelihood Estimator and ensures that the fitted values also lie within the unit interval (see Papke and Wooldridge 1996).	3
CONCLUSIONS: Preliminary analysis shows that limited evidence exists on the use of SNA and impact of social networks on healthcare in India.	5
Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale (INSERM)–CERMES3, Université Paris V, Sorbonne Paris Cité, Paris, France	0
Grounded theory techniques were used to analyze policy artifacts and stakeholder interviews.	3
King Abdulaziz University contributed the most for both highly cited papers and hot papers.	4
What perceptions do earth scientists from a range of career experiences hold about the competence of the social and the natural sciences?	1
The search strategy is as follows, and is provided in Figure 1.	0
In this section, we discuss the results obtained by our various analysis techniques, along with their significance to the different domains.	0
The number of citations is considered an important index of the attention and influence degree of the published papers (Fardi et al., 2011).	3
Conflict of interest All authors certify that they have no affiliations with or involvement in any organization or entity with any financial interest or non-financial interest in the subject matter or materials discussed in this manuscript.	0
It is not surprising to learn that vast numbers of respondents (79%) believe that peer reviewing loads should count as service in tenure and promotion decisions.	5
Publications under the subject categories: “Orthopaedics”, “Rheumatology" and "Radiology" were identified for allocation of potentially relevant articles with no language restrictions.	2
This study originally engages with usage metrics and detected that there is positive correlation between usage and funding.	5
Differences in the IF, ES, and AIS between journals from the United States versus Europe could be observed.	4
Figure 11 displays the density and value of sex to the authors' scientific productivity.	0
Bibliometrics is a method that can be utilized to evaluate patterns and trends in the literature over time.	3
Despite the extensive achievement of the Chinese HSS reforms and research, gaps and challenges remain to be addressed, including those related to health insurance and the effects of the evaluation of essential medicine systems, human resources training and allocation in the health sector, government hospitals reforms and health services systems remodeling.	5
Autrement dit, l'objectif de ce travail est de proposer un nouveau filtre d'une requête quelconque de Medline et d'en évaluer son rendement global dans cette étude de faisabilité.	1
Out of the number, 402 academic librarians with response rate of 51.0% in 87 universities in Africa responded to the survey.	2
Although, more accepted abstracts than rejected ones were published in high rank journals, a considerable number of papers were generated from rejected abstracts (22%).	4
All publication types were included resulting in a total of 109,299 publication records with full cited references.	2
In this paper, I propose a method of ranking the relevance of citation-based search results to a set of key, or seed, papers by measuring the number of citation relationships they share with those key papers.	1
Majority (n = 78) of the top 100 articles were published between 1996 and 2010, and the United States was affiliated with the highest number of articles in our list (n = 68).	4
The new editorial team will further globalize the journal and expand its disciplinary boundaries to take the journal to the next level of excellence, impact, and relevance to academia, industry, and practitioners and to raise its profile and continue nearly three decades of success and the legacy it has already achieved.	5
Peer review scores associated with applications were found to be moderately correlated with the total time-adjusted citation output of funded projects, although a high degree of variability existed in the data.	4
Currently there are over 5300 records in the repository.	4
Finally, we created a panel dataset of 403 journal articles for which OA pre-prints are available via RePEc.	2
For accounting to reverse the decline documented by Fogarty and Markarian (2007), we believe that efforts to increase the number of publication slots available at top journals, and efforts to ensure that the review and publication process is as fair as possible, must be maintained and increased.	5
The origin country for each paper were obtained from the affiliated addresses by all authors of it.	0
The subject of the study is the EU countries, the countries of the Western Balkans, Moldova, Ukraine, Belarus, and Russia, as well as Turkey and Israel, as areas with a similar mentality of people and historical tradition.	1
I want also to thank them for having occasionally saved me from my own foolishness.	0
RQ2: Do researchers trade off the average prestige of the hosting journals for the quantity of their publications?	1
Institutions such as the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the normal universities were rated in the forefront of the scientific research output.	4
Item non-response biases were addressed in all of the four specified models by the Full Information Maximum Likelihood (FIML) procedure (Kline, 2016).	3
Our study provides a historical perspective for the scientific progress of gastric disease, and the articles of significant findings that contributed great impact on the prevention and treatment of gastric disease had been identified.	5
In this study, we investigate academic age-based collaborative strategies that are used by scholars to meet their academic needs such as publishing articles, maintaining collaboration, and acquiring reputations.	1
Note that there appears a slight performance improvement for the narrow-win group in the second five-year period, but the difference is not statistically significant (x2-test p-value > 0.1, odds ratio = 1.05).	0
Our analysis shows that the annually averaged profiles of authors corresponding to the three countries are almost constantly increasing toward high team exploration scores.	4
International Journal of Gynecology & Obstetrics published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.	0
Additionally, collaboration and word co-occurrence networks were generated using VOSviewer.	3
In T4, the collaboration network grew 185% to reach its maximum observed size of 908 authors.	4
Distribution of rankings for the 434 Web of Science journals in different research areas	0
Objectives: To visualize the evolution of all registered COVID-19 vaccine trials.	1
The starting point for this study was the websites of the thirteen universities and eight university medical centres in the Netherlands.	2
To offer a picture of the dynamic process of knowledge production, the long-dashed lines indicate connections that appear in the next time period, and dotted lines represent connections that existed in the prior time period, but are no longer present.	0
The employed data set contains 5000 research papers, collected from CiteSeer.	2
To improve hit rates in searching for genius work on the Web of Science, we limited the scope of retrieval to the articles of Nobel Prize Laureates in chemistry, physics and physiology, or medicine during the period of 1901–2012.	2
Our sample covers the period between 1990 and 2013.	2
Credits allocated to the fourth-ranked author with different author numbers by the (blue): arithmetic counting, (red): axiomatic counting, (yellow): geometric counting, and (orange): adaptive geometric counting method.	0
Based on Halliday and Matthiessen’s (2014) Cohesion Model, the research analyzed the employment of connectors in a self-constructed corpus of 30,000 HCRA titles from disciples of Biology, Chemistry, Linguistics, and Music from 1980 to 2023.	1
Data collected from IEEE Xplore digital library were set as gold standards.	2
Our analysis suggests that the results offer (at least) three clues to detect potentially artificial intelligence (AI)-generated references.	4
Collectively, these findings contribute to a more comprehensive understanding of how access models shape scholarly impact and underscore the necessity of employing robust, tailored statistical methods.	5
This work was supported by the Project for Outstanding Chinese Scientific Journals [2019-B10], which is funded by the China Association for Science and Technology.	0
3 confirm the fact that Finnish science is becoming more collaborative, as single authorship is reducing also the international collaboration has increased by 15% while in contrast, national collaboration has decreased by 7% over the 10 years of the dataset's coverage.	4
First, a review of the literature on knowledge evolution and academic genealogy is presented.	0
The h-index can be fractionalized to take into account multiple authorship.	1
Given such an enormous quantity of information, the importance of quality assurance is vital.	0
In our empirical analysis this occurred for a very limited number of firms.	0
To make sure whether a journal is real or fake, one can randomly search the DOI of their published articles.	3
Therefore, we ask: are Al research and the fields that study social and societal trends keeping pace with each other?	1
Citation patterns revealed that science/engineering and educational technology both update knowledge at comparable rates.	4
In contrast, the countries with a larger number of papers have a more diversified and relatively balanced collaborative mode.	4
Table 1 summarizes the research carried out about LIS by means of quantitative methodology, their sources and the topics they analyze.	0
Reperfusion injury and angiogenesis were identified as the potential topics likely to dominate future research in this field.	4
All of what follows will refer only to the Astronomy service.	0
Removing these duplicates reduces the submission total to just over five hundred.	2
A total of 3,743 documents3 published between 2012 and 2021, and indexed in the Scopus database for the “Arts and Humanities” subject area, are considered.	2
For all fields the distribution of Δtpeak is time dependent, with its value decreasing steadily in time.	4
Main path analysis is a famous network-based method for understanding the evolution of a scientific domain.	1
Who are JFM's most prolific authors and their affiliated institutions and countries or territories?	0
This paper conducts a comparative study of the scientific publications of the 31 province-level regions of Mainland China during 2006–2018.	1
Sparking occasions for critical reflection – which remains rare in our sample and beyond is a task not only of researchers themselves, but also of administrators, funders and other stakeholders.	5
The full list of journals that we analysed is available on request or through the Institute for Scientific Information database.	0
A total of 3960 documents have been identified (average of 396 documents/year), 42% of which have been signed in international collaboration.	4
Los contenidos de Biblioteconomía y Documentación son los que ocupan la parte central del mapa sirviendo de argamasa para el resto de las áreas, pero son los que menos crecen.	5
It is of interest that Professor Jared Diamond describes many difficulties that composers have encountered in their attempts to have their works published or supported by grants.	0
These formulae (3) and (6) are the basic ones to show what type of impact measures the success-index can cover by modifying the threshold x and assuming we have a Lotkaian system.	3
These regression results make it readily apparent that the research constituents of OM are changing over time and are clearly becoming more international.	5
Using the Top 50 filtering method, we selected the 50 most frequently cited terms from each time slice to construct network models.	3
This ontological business history study of NASA's process to create the Space Shuttle follows the footsteps outlined in Gehman et al.	2
This analysis thus presents a landscape of the life trajectory experienced by a research field, which generally undergoes three phases—a “growing phase", a “matured phase” and an “interdisciplinary phase".	4
Using social network analysis, natural language processing, and machine learning and focusing on artificial intelligence publications for the period from 2000 to 2019, in this work, we comprehensively investigated the effects of several driving factors on acquiring key positions in scientific collaboration networks through a gender lens.	1
The correlation coefficient between the E-NWDC matrix and the I-NWDC matrix is 0.953, which indicates a strong correlation.	4
We conclude that a hybrid detection approach as explored in our prototype would represent a significant improvement upon current detection approaches.	5
To visualise the problem for small groups, Fig.	4
We test the efficacy of three different reward settings identified in the literature: (1) engagement contingent, (2) task-completion contingent, and (3) performance contingent, through a natural experiment involving 1865 scientists in faculties of business and economics of Romanian universities.	1
The search for text matches in the Antiplagiat system is performed in two stages according to the following algorithm.	3
Researcher's network centrality and strength of ties are positively related to interdisciplinarity.	4
This paper presents a new methodology to describe global innovations networks.	1
To test whether such sample selection bias exists, the selection model proposed by Heckman (1979) was adopted in this study.	3
In the first step, the network DEA measurement model is used to evaluate the industry's innovation, operation, and market efficiency performance simultaneously.	3
What are the temporal accumulation patterns of Mendeley readership following the publication of scholarly papers, especially when compared to citations and Twitter mentions?	1
Although the quality of outlets for most fields does not change much over years, labor economics and economic history are published significantly better after 2000.	4
Using comprehensive coding forms, we evaluated how authors are using and citing best practice arti- cles (e.g., if they are appropriately following the recommended practices).	3
Our survey of previous studies suggests three strands of empirical literature on this topic.	0
We aimed to explore the differences between English language and Chinese language Medical/Scientific journals publications, particularly aiming to explore the efficacy/contents of the literature published in English and Chinese in relation to the outcomes of management and characterization of COVID-19 during the early stage of COVID-19 pandemic.	1
This article compares the growth rates of Web of Science indexed research publications in 11 European countries from 2000 to 2015.	1
A successive increase in the number of publications by every country was observed.	4
Descriptive statistics and Spearman's rank correlation coefficients were computed to describe the association between author and errata number.	3
Which are the factors influencing compliance with the Spanish OA mandate?	1
To identify the G8 countries' research interests or foci in Chinese publications, a co-word analysis was employed as a content analysis technique that can effectively map the strength of the associations among textual information items.	3
On the other hand, some of the findings of the current study (like small-world character, assortativity, clustering, power-law distribution, community structure, etc.) have also been observed in other fields, and thus confirm the existence of general laws that govern the growth and diffusion of scientific knowledge.	5
In total, 644 (27.7%) of all mandatory research experiences resulted in publication, with students mainly as first (n=984, 42.5%) or second author (n=587, 25.3%) and above world average citation impact (mean normalised journal score 1.29, mean normalised citation score 1.23).	4
A large number of commercial Web sites (e.g., http://www.business-magazines.com) offer subscriptions to over 250,000 magazines, scientific journals, and other publications.	0
Our results indicate the importance of both scientific and social connectedness in knowledge exchange, which shows the significant association between knowledge structures.	5
Because the overall data are too large to analyze fully, the paper selects 4 years of data: 2007, 2009, 2011, and 2013 to analyze the interdisciplinary topics.	0
We find that funding based on PH leads to runaway increase of the false discovery rate (figure 2).	4
The findings have global policy implications for resource-poor science systems “playing catch-up” in terms of academic careers, productivity patterns, and research internationalization policies.	5
From this list, words were tokenised by transforming each word to its root (e.g.	3
Our first analysis was conducted with the total sample; we then re-ran the models in each discipline to compare the effects of each predictor on research publication across disciplines.	0
Our most specific recommendation is that a simple warning may be more effective at deterring cheating in certain contexts than a traditional honor code.	5
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 57(11):1487–1502, 2006	0
On that front, the issue of UKRI's open access mandate is a distraction from the neoliberalisation of academia and the entrenchment, rather than augmentation, of already existing inequalities.	5
On average, men write 38% of their scientific records as single authors, in contrast to 29% among women.	4
The aim of this study is to demonstrate the academic productivity at the time of promotions at our institution.	1
As a result, our final dataset contained 31,335 HSS articles and 1,315,497 references.	2
Slovakia; (f) The Czech research related to mechanical properties, Raman spectroscopy, phylogeny, and oxidative stress have come more popular in recent years.	4
PVSs aim to retrospectively correlate citation scores with reviewer scores of grant proposals.	3
The assumption of agents' over-confidence mitigated the impact of strategies on evaluation bias but generated significantly different quality outcomes.	4
However, these errors have deprived some contributors of the credit of authorship and ought to be corrected.	5
This study comprehends the magnitude of water quality research also establishes future research directions using various scientometric indicators.	1
Data was collected1 on the availability of replication files for recent publications in the two top political science journals, the APSR since 2010 and the AJPS since 2009.	2
Co-word maps can be used to analyze various knowledge base relationships and to reveal the most frequent topics studied in the literature [19,38,41,42].	3
Given this, in this study we investigate the impact of the right weighting factors, the appropriate level of edge cutting, the performance of first- in contrast to second-order similarities, and the interaction of these three parameters in the context of hybrid similarities.	1
This finding indicates that with today's information, communication and travelling technologies knowledge spillovers are globally available rather than dependent on physical co-presence.	5
Patent documents were retrieved from the official database of the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) using a search strategy that combines key phrases and CPC (Cooperative Patent Classification) symbols.	2
Using literature analysis, brainstorming, TOPSIS and entropy-weight method, we designed the evaluation indicator system which included 1 first class indicator (equalization index), 3 second class indicators (input index, output index and effect index) and 28 third class indicators.	3
More details on how they were implemented are provided in the relevant section.	0
The experiments targeted active technology licensing officers at US universities.	2
Six overarching themes (inspirational references, apparel design, technology, sustainability practices, textiles, and nonapparel) were identified through the keywords analysis and used for further analyses.	4
Only 13% of the journals are categorized as outstanding journals.	4
After required formating of csv.file (van Eck and Waltman 2010), we uploaded data to the software and selected ‘co-occurrence' option, producing five distinct clusters of research on academic misconduct in higher education.	4
What is a statistically significant difference between academic disciplines of the journals and readiness for OA?	1
Next, two distinct datasets were created based on different group sizes of co-authors.	3
Then, TF-IDF [38] and Cosine Similarity [28] techniques are applied to calculate the global similarity measure among the articles.	3
*Paper presented at the Fourth International Conference on Bibliometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics in Berlin (Germany), September 11-15, 1993.	0
Acknowledgements We gratefully acknowledge the grants received from the National Natural Science Foundation of China (71974029) and from the Social Science Foundation of China (22&ZD194).	0
To define the field of a focal publication i, all publications co-cited with i are recognized.	3
In this article is guided by a number of research questions: (1) Do OAIR guidelines exist at university libraries in Ghana?	1
In this article, we document a negative shift in the knowledge production function, with invention disclosures being the measure of new scientific knowledge.	1
Furthermore, a considerable proportion of articles are reports of narrative reviews that hinder the reproducibility of findings.	5
To further test the validity and stability of these initial fittings, we used the bootstrap function to carry out 2500 additional distribution fittings using 2500 datasets simulated via a bootstrap sampling approach.	3
This study aimed to determine patterns of citation classics changes in the medical field otorhinolaryngology and head and neck surgery (OHNS) over the past decade and serves as a follow-up to an original study published in 2002, "A Century of Citation Classics in Otolaryngology-Head & Neck Surgery."	1
The primary objective is to assess the influence of research quality, as measured by bibliometric indicators, on the likelihood of being cited in policy documents.	1
Ellen Nebelong-Bonnevie is the corresponding author and can be contacted at: en@db.dk	0
The List shows that India is having the highest number of contributed records i.e.	4
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
All data were collected in the first week of October 2016.	2
The laureates produced 13,598 publications from 1958 to 2018.	4
We ran a hierarchical regression predicting each unit's environment GPA.	3
A follow-up analysis (H2b) revealed that in France, Poland, Hungary, Romania, and the United States, female scholars are significantly less cited than their male peers, after controlling for number of papers and number of views (Table 8).	4
For RQ3, four sentiment lexicons (i.e., NRC, Jockers_Rinker, SenticNet, and Sentiword) in the lexicon package (Rinker, 2018) and two sentiment lexicons (i.e., afinn, and bing) in the syuzhet (Jockers, 2017) package in R were used to decide if an adjective or adverb is an emotion word.	3
For our data on patents, Scopus used the Espacenet Patent search by the European Patent Office.	2
The resulting 1,387 articles were analyzed descriptively and produced data for VOSviewer, a computer program that plotted a relevance distance-based map and clustered keywords from text in titles and abstracts.	2
The present analysis of the research production in informetrics in Mexico finds a young community of scholars with about 40 years of activity.	5
We cannot judge if other workers coauthored all works from their laboratories, or if the respondents simply ignored works that they did not coauthor in composing their curricula.	0
Two research streams emerged: one is more general, psychological, and focusing on experimental research methods (JBEE, JEP), where experiments were key, whereas the other focused on finance and investor biases (JBF and RBF).	4
In total, 34,774 ZORA records are covered by both databases.	2
Many European countries increased their publication output through the journals of the WoS considerably.	5
The consistency of the broader GS citations is especially relevant in recent periods when they may be more useful to researchers because of their timeliness.	5
In this article, we develop a new measure of the evolution combining 12 keyword-based temporal dissimilarities of the research fields using the method of principal component analysis.	1
This set is composed of 500,216 Web of Science (WoS) publications (articles and reviews) from July until December 2011 with a Digital Object Identifier (DOI).	2
We offer some recommendations in order to rise the scientific impact (and influence) of development studies, such as increasing the number of journals covered by the impact indicators.	5
This paper aims to explore the Web of Science's analytical tool for analyzing the scientific output regarding carbon-based nanomaterials.	1
Our empirical findings draw on interview and open-text survey responses from U.S.-based academic researchers.	2
What's more, self-citations were less of a factor in this faster flow of research knowledge.	5
See the Terms and Conditions (https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/terms-and-conditions) on Wiley Online Library for rules of use;	0
Blue Cross impactability score was developed using machine learning algorithms with over 8,000 data elements such as patient demographics, credit score, family size, social support system, ZIP code, job title, location of workplace, and medical history.	3
Journals from the Q1 quartile of the “Engineering, Civil” category of the Web of Science were analyzed based on seven indicators derived from Journal Citation Reports while applying Weighted Aggregated Sum Product Assessment (WASPAS) method.	2
The data preprocessing and relevant experiments are conducted on a server with a 3.60 GHz Intel i9-9900K processor and a Linux 4.17.0 operating system.	2
The results observed in this study suggest that there are differences among original research papers published in the first months of the pandemic, according to whether they report COVID-19 or non-COVID-19 studies.	5
The aim of our study is to fill this gap by investigating the relationship between different events that characterize the evolution of communities and the nature of the knowledge they produce.	1
The first is a group of well-established authors consisting of the nine top-ranking authors from Cronin and Meho's (2006) similar study on correlations between the h index and citation counts, and of nine members of the International Society for Scientometrics and Informetrics (ISSI) Scientific Committee, following the selection by Dorsch et al.	2
Con el software LabSOM, desarrollado por el Laboratorio de Dinámica no Lineal de la Facultad de Ciencias de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México, se llevó a cabo un diagnóstico cienciométrico de la productividad científica del INCan a través del análisis de los artículos indexados en la Web of Science (WoS) durante el periodo 2007-2017.	2
The findings for this paper extended the quality evaluation of publications from the author citation behaviour perspective and provided guiding suggestions for authors of academic papers.	5
Funding: This work was supported by Seventh Framework Programme, Grant Number: 291832.	0
He is managing editor of the museum's geological journal, Scripta Geologica, and a member of the editorial boards of Ichnos and Geological Journal.	0
This investigation confirms, see (Rousseau 2012; Rousseau and Yang 2012) that, because the activity or relative priority index is a relative index, it is often difficult to find a proper interpretation.	5
Using a sample of 1250 U.S. researchers in Sociology, Political Science, Economics, Cardiology and Chemistry, we examine gender differences in the average citation coverage of the two databases.	2
Pediatric journals that offered full English text had a higher median IF and corrected IF despite having a lower SCR compared to journals that did not offer full English text (Table 1).	4
Meanwhile, high-impact authors tend to work with "giants" early in their career, but not in the later stages, which forces us to reconsider the established notions of when is best to collaborate with elite scholars.	4
Thirteen research fronts were identified in this sub-network.	4
All papers published in 2021 and early 2022 and indexed in the Web of Science database were selected.	2
Although transport geography is full of various perspectives and multi-discipline crossovers, it still not only maintains strong path-dependence on quantitative and positivist approaches, but also retains a fixed center of geographical analysis.	5
Our results indicate that engineering has higher cited numbers, smaller peak-time, and cited half-time values than natural science.	4
In line with this paradigm, we develop a theoretical model that incorporates two key factors in the community's assessment of a scandal: (i) the agent's prominence at the time of the negative revelation, and (ii) the informational content of the disclosure itself.	3
The findings indicate that the core knowledge topics of interdisciplinary research can be categorized into four major areas: the knowledge framework and social impact of interdisciplinary research, multidisciplinary approaches in cancer treatment and patient care, Covid-19 multidisciplinary care and rehabilitation, and multidisciplinary AI and optimization in industrial applications.	4
In this study, bibliometric analysis capture and characterize the macroscopic trends within the broader RIRE research community.	5
Subsequently, we also employ a hyperbolic tangent function to depict the relationship between the weight probability and the number citations of articles, which is formulated as follows: Citei,j (n) = tanh (n/γ).	3
182 Archives of Iranian Medicine, Volume 10, Number 2, April 2007	0
We did not identify significant differences in the editors' perceptions between the two rounds of interviews.	0
We test whether scholars react to alphabetical discrimination for Economics as well as for Finance, where such discrimination has hitherto not been analyzed.	1
Citation counts reported by both Scopus (Elsevier, Amsterdam, Netherlands) and WOS were used.	3
Main finding on statistically estimated authorship concentration pattern versus that predicted by Lotka's Law	0
Hong Kong Polytechnic University was the most productive institution in terms of the number of publications, the number of citations, and the h-index, followed by Purdue University.	4
Our research team wrote a program to automatically parse the WoS data.	0
Focusing on the TSs, at the aggregate level the comparison between women and men does not show statistically significant differences in propensity for collaboration, either domestic or international; gender differences do emerge for the non-TS set, for all types of collaboration.	4
1 ESSCA School of Management, 1 rue Joseph Lakanal, 49003 Angers, France	0
Analysis of the Quality of the UK Science Base, (UK Office of Science and Technology, London, in press).	0
Therefore, most research published in the current study sample belongs to these two subdisciplines.	5
Since data was predominantly non-parametric, only Spearman correlation was applied.	3
The g and ar indices were manually obtained according to the following formulas:	3
These results point to two important policy implications.	5
Acknowledgements I thank Jay Bhattacharya, Bruce Weinberg, Partha Bhattacharyya, Richard Freeman, Horatiu Rus, Joel Blit, David Autor, Larry Smith and Peter Tu for discussions.	0
Overall, the results provide limited evidence that unjustified reciprocal citations have a weaker or even a negative effect on future citations compared to other types of citations.	4
Figure 2 shows our adoption of the Leydesdorff diagram to the situation in Finland, Hungary and Portugal in 1983, 1993 and 2003.	0
ACA in its standard form measures how many times any two authors of a given pool are cited together (‘co-citation’).	3
CC BY NC Creative Commons NonCommercial CC BY-NC: This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/), which permits noncommercial use, reproduction, and distribution of the work without further permission provided the original work is attributed as specified on the SAGE and Open Access pages (https://us.sagepub.com/en-us/nam/open-access-at-sage).	0
Most of the fields have positive and significant correlations between IF and the IPCI, which indicates that IF generally reflects some degree of technological value.	4
Through semi-structured interviews, we asked respondents about the practices that helped them the most at various times over the course of their collaboration with their opposite-country partners, including how they met, their areas of collaboration, their funding sources, scientific and cultural aspects of their work together, the sustainability of their connections, and the influence of broader geopolitical conditions on their work together.	3
The Business Model accounted for >60% of the variation in h-index and SJR, showing that journals' performance increased in association with the global50 ranking of publishers and high article processing charges.	4
release from teaching or reduction in service) and more opportunities to foster supportive networks.	5
In the last period, the empirical articles have on average 30% more co-authors than theoretical articles, and articles with a higher NJS now have on average 18% more co-authors.	4
Our findings confirm a strong benefit from OA publishing, and are in agreement with findings by Jamali and Nabavi (2015) and the mega study by Archambault et al.	5
The maximum of 45 papers in 2014 is impressive, as it means one paper written every eight days.	4
We thank the participating institutes in this benchmark study for their support and open exchange of data.	0
4c and 5c, we observe that the correlations between H5-index and JIF, HR- PageRank are more intimate compared with CCF ranking.	0
It is, however, based on a continuous random variable while time steps come in discrete values, as do the numbers of authors and references.	0
Normalized proportion cited of books in different metrics Normalized Proportion Cited (NPC) is used to assess the possible variation in uptake of books in different metric, over years and across fields.	3
It is found that the proposed voting classifier using CNN features achieves an accuracy, precision, recall, and F1 score of 0.99 for all.	4
Conflict of interest All authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Tel.: +41 44 632 48 25; fax: +41 44 632 12 83.	0
FIGURE 1 Plotted vertically are the average number of citations per year for a sample of 165 papers.	0
The results confirm that there has been convergence inside the groups as well as between the groups.	4
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
This study draws up a scientific map that serves as a guide to perceive what has been done thus far in the area of bank marketing.	5
We do not show the same analysis for informal collaboration, since only six percent of the respondents answered "to a large degree" on this alternative.	0
The Bibliometrix package (Aria and Cuccurullo 2017) was used to investigate metadata on COVID-19 articles in the Scopus database which was accessed on 11th of April at 15:45.	3
Those of 2014–2017 (i.e., by subset B) show a noticeably lower average impact (0.894).	4
In order to reduce the set of publications for the empirical analysis, we drew a random sample of 10,000 papers from the population of all articles published between 1980 and 2000.	2
We use all publications in chemistry from 2016 to 2020 to estimate the impact of the DEAL on eligible scientists' journal choice applying a difference-in-differences framework.	1
The authors chose to formulate codes to (1) identify the focus area to determine what in football and what in football management gets contributed by each document, (2) address what was the methodological frameworks used in each paper, and (3) identify the potential added value to the practice and/or knowledge.	0
However, their output, measured in articles, was dominated by publications in Economics Letters, which alone accounted for 20 per cent of all Australian publications over the period.	4
This analysis is performed using the entire PLoS corpus up to September/October 2012, which contains about 45,000 articles and 197,000 sections.	2
We then queried the USPTO Patent Database (http://patft.uspto.gov/) using the following query: TTL/catalyst and ISD/1/1/2006->1/1/2007.	2
This paper reviews the main themes in the literature on LIS disciplinarity, outlines the study methodology, presents the findings, and discusses the differences and similarities in the disciplinary composition of iSchools and L-Schools.	1
In the present study, the research performance of the seven Greek medical schools is assessed by means of widely accepted and advanced bibliometric indices, such as total and average publications and citations, average and median h- and g-index with and without self-citations for all the 1,803 academics, while statistical analysis of the data was also performed in order to compare the observed differences in the mean values of the calculated indices.	1
The web-based application Altmetric Explorer (Altmetric, London, UK) was utilized as a search engine in this study.	3
Clearly, the Hirsch model gives an excellent overall fit to the data despite of its simple assumptions.	4
Furthermore, we completed a one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) to determine if the mean number of preprints differed by the country associated with the first author.	3
First, I collect all articles published in 2012 in top tier journals of these disciplines and compare the articles based on word counts, figures and tables included in each article, the time it took to be published, citations, the number of co-authors, and submission fees.	2
The videos featured content with potential to enhance viewers' metrics literacies such that many defined the h-index and described its calculation, providing viewers with skills to recognize and interpret the metric.	5
Jena (Associate Professor); and Zirui Song (Assistant Professor) were the faculty members with highest altmetric attention score while Ronald C.	4
To test the predictive ability of editors, we adopted a “conservative” criterion and only considered editors as poor oracles when editorially rejected papers were finally accepted in a journal of similar “quality.”	3
Therefore the average astronomers' output peaked in their mid-40s and they did half of their important work after the age of 50 years.	5
For both the US and China, among their internationally coauthored articles on COVID-19, their rate of collaboration with each other is higher compared to pre-COVID-19 and non-COVID-19 articles.	4
Open access to conservation science is substantially lower than evolutionary biology, and free availability is less than a third.	5
Funding/Support: This research was supported by the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences of the National Institutes of Health under Award Number UL1TR000454.	0
In total, 761 discoveries are thus captured in the study that covers the most influential discoveries in history.	2
The following bibliometric indices were calculated using Microsoft Excel: Total number of publications (TP), total citations (TC), average citations (AC), sole-authored publications (SA), co-authored publications (CA), number of contributing authors (NCA), annual collaboration index (ACI), number of cited publications (NCP), citations per cited publication (CCP), collaboration index (CI), collaboration coefficient (CC), average citation per year (AC/Y) and authors h-indices (h-index, g-index), and global h-indices.	3
Interdisciplinary collaborations are also associated with researcher orientation toward applied research activity.	4
4; Table 2), which published the most articles about transport research (Goetz et al.	4
As a measure of students' scientific production, I used the count of articles in WoS journals that student i published in year t (#Pubit) for the panel data.	3
We use the publication by Sun et al.	2
We then calculate the squared difference between the predicted and actual proportions for each category and sum the squared differences over departments (i = 1,2,..., 28) and categories (j = 1,2,..., 4).	3
Given the prominence of East Asian submissions in the global research output and the rapid increase in these submissions, it would be very beneficial for journals and publishers to consider some of the actual challenges East Asian authors face and try to make the publication process easier for them.	5
These results have significant implications for open peer review practices and the fair assessment of the peer review process.	5
We also used the Shannon entropy to measure the “diversity” of interdisciplinary knowledge diffusion.	1
The results provide several key findings, including research trends and publications in carbon nanotubes, fullerene and graphene, as well as revealing the main global players and journals from 2001 to 2010.	1
The University of Queensland (16) and the author Sterling M (7) had the leading publication record.	4
In general, a comparison of text-based, linked-based, and hybrid metrics performance indicated that the linked-based model estimates similarity between articles better than the text-based model, and the combination of text-based and linked-based metrics makes little change in improving the power of the articles.	5
On the one hand, the domain analysis constructs a scientific domain; on the other hand, it can deconstruct a domain as well.	5
73,345 relevant documents were exported in TXT format from the WOS database into Excel.	0
Keywords Scholarly journals · e-Journals · ScienceDirect · Value · Academic libraries · Downloads · Citations · Impact · Articles · Publication · Research outcomes · h-Index · France · Bibliometry	0
We present a Proposal-Evaluation-Grant System (PEGS) which allows us to simulate different research funding allocation policies.	1
Our main research question is: ‘which indicator or indicators, based on bibliographic data of scholarly publications and patent publications, could be applied in early stage identification of potential scientific breakthroughs?'	1
The results regarding the correlation of 73 Iranian state universities and the ranking of their web sites showed that they were not correlated.	4
Thus the full productivity of authors and institutions, and their impact, remain to be studied, but our data represent a valid baseline for future research.	5
These constituted 1954 documents that received 245,061 citations, with an h-index of 236.	2
A PubMed search for faculty in two Midwest academic emergency departments (EDs) (“Site 1” and “Site 2”) was undertaken, and all publications from 2020 to 2022 were included.	2
The secondary aim is to explore the obstacles in publishing in these two journals.	1
If we want to avoid making 'zombie science' or 'science of unreality' (Beck 2006: 21) in this field of science, we must therefore start by recognising that research is a transnational activity and that research performance probably has more to do with transnational collaboration than national efforts.	5
To obtain the data sample, access was granted by the editor of the AJO-DO in 2012 to search its electronic archives for original articles submitted between January 1, 2008, and December 31, 2008; this yielded 461 articles for use in this study.	2
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
On the other hand, the Bradford's law of scattering was analyzed.	3
The summary statistics, correlation and regression, principal-component analyses (PCA) as a descriptive multivariate method capable of suggesting the structure and tendency of the data set, and cluster analysis were all carried out with the software Statgraphics Plus (version 5.0; Statistical Graphics Corporation, USA).	3
The application of these performance classes completely eliminates the effect of the heavy tails of citation distributions including their typical outlier-based biases at lower levels of aggregation.	5
The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the researchers in a globally distributed research program interact to move their research forward.	1
The first set of data presented in this article employs basic bibliometrics to examine Spanish- and Portuguese-language secondary source citations across PhD-granting departments at UNM from 2000 to 2009.	2
The current research focused on a descriptive study of the GS Citations across ranks for kinesiology faculty.	1
To be a part of international community means publishing papers in inter- national journals and in the English language because English is the academic lingua franca today.	0
Considered together 69.12 per cent of the authors produced only one paper each.	4
On the other hand, the indicator can be used as a publication discovery tool by practitioners.	5
We develop a model describing how false paradigms may persist, hindering scientific progress.	1
The volume and impact of research publication of PhD-trained surgeon-scientists are significantly higher than those having clinical-only and Masters training.	4
Most studies fall into the realm of LIS, though information systems is a related domain in which studies on research methods are published.	0
This work focuses on the problem of applying metrics that consider both quantitative and qualitative aspects of scientific production for a research group.	1
In this analysis, degree centrality was used to measure the number of countries engaged in direct co-authorship collaboration such that the larger the number of direct connections of a node in a network, the more central the node.	3
2009041110001), as well as the project of “Fundamental Research Funds for the Central Universities” (Grant No.	0
This was found to be true in a substantial percentage of the courses which are included in the Georgia Tech Program, but are also found in departments other than Information Science.	0
This study was conducted in the Department of Physiology, College of Medicine, King Saud University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, from June 2014 to February 2015.	2
The data was retrieved on 3 October, 2014.	2
(2010) in their research to assess the effect of a policy that different states implemented in different years in 2010.	3
This investigation was conducted using a search methodology that yielded 138 evaluation studies from 21 EU countries, covering the period 2005 to 2019.	2
The following sections will detail how the sample size was calculated, how data was collected and analyzed, and how limitations were addressed.	0
It is based on a stock-driven dynamic MFA model, which is often used for building stock time-series estimations (Lanau et al., 2019), which offers a fundamental approach towards a sustainable solution for long-term carbon storage assessment.	3
It was observed that there was a significant difference between the Web ranking of Sri Lankan universities and top-ranked universities around the world.	4
The results obtained regarding the scientific production, characterised by an annual growth rate of 3.19%, indicate an upward trend and a concern in these fields of research.	5
First, book chapter is not a suitable unit in traditional bibliometric studies to compare with journal articles.	5
Our analysis shows that the instruments designed for changing publication patterns, on one hand, worked as intended in the area of publications in top-tier journals, and, on the other hand, changed almost nothing in terms of the publication of monographs.	5
Therefore, with the aim of identifying correlations between research funding priorities and public demand in health, we examine grants issued by the major medical research funding bodies of China and the UK during 2006–2017 and compare the focus of their funded projects with the diseases that carry the highest burden of death, risk, or loss of health.	1
open access, open data, open peer review, etc.), altmetrics, and social media.	1
For the doctoral students in the sample who have not attained relative excellence during their education, publication volume is a weak predictor of future excellence in research.	4
The objective of the present study was to use bibliometrics indicators for analysing the scientific production of junior researchers.	1
All standard citation indexes were used for WoS (Science Citation Index Expanded, Social Sciences Citation Index and Arts and Humanities Citation Index) for the 1990–2011 period.	2
All the high-level concepts in the Case 1) records could be found in Case 3) records.	4
To ensure comparability of OA journals influence and access to altmetrics data, we also randomly select 33 international OA journals of USA.	2
More specifically, we coded the material according to iteratively refined categories that focus on diverse aspects of editorial work and the peer review process, for example, "becoming an editor," "recruiting reviewers," and “role of metrics."	3
Our investigation contributes to the classification of publications.	5
By using the subject areas of authors' bibliographical references we obtain a better identification of the two groups than relying on the subject areas of the author's documents.	4
For this reason, an indicator framework for the ranking of institutional research performance, which consists of a count of published articles and quality weighted dimensions, is developed.	3
Interview participants were sourced purposefully from REF2014's Main Panel A, which covers six Sub-panels: (1) Clinical Medicine; (2) Public Health, Health Services, and Primary Care; (3) Allied Health Professions, Dentistry, Nursing, and Pharmacy; (4) Psychology, Psychiatry, and Neuroscience; (5) Biological Sciences; and (6) Agriculture, Veterinary, and Food Sciences.	2
Our results further indicate a clear upward trend in the use of all three tools, though VOSviewer is more frequently used than CiteSpace or HistCite.	4
The most well known are WoS (until recently part of the information corporation Thomson-Reuters, now run by Clarivate Analytics) and Scopus (part of Elsevier's publishing group).	2
For the categories of this study, the global index decomposition is about 3/4 into the within component and 1/4 into the between component.	4
The Kruskal-Wallis test was used to analyze the ASCR between sessions.	3
We used the cosine method on a document feature matrix that included both capstone abstracts and theories' texts.	3
Our aim is to substantiate recent findings of long-term stability between national impact rankings and at the same time, apparently continuous diminishing gaps in impact values between many Western countries, as well as a seemingly incessant rise in impact for a select number of “advanced” countries (Schneider and Aagaard 2015).	1
When "SCI EXPANDED" and "SSCI" were selected as indexes, the number of articles became 2238.	2
The control of the individual algorithm in the group was represented by Betweenness centrality (BC), which was calculated by the portion of the number of shortest paths that pass through the given node (Brandes, 2001).	3
The reuse value of knowledge is another dimension that ONOS policy won't be able to address while only negotiating nationwide subscriptions.	5
Given the gap identified above, the purpose of this study is to paint the larger picture of the global research on graduate education by answering the following questions: (1) Who are the main experts on graduate education and what are their country and institutional affiliations?	1
We will use the default values in Table 4, unless specified otherwise.	0
Metadata for these articles and a comparative sample of articles in non-questiona-ble journals were extracted from Dimensions and the 3 year citations, self-citations, uncited rate, profile of co-authoring and citing countries, and institution type of authors were com-pared between groups.	3
We thank Pat Oslund, Daria Milakhina, Carlos Zambrana, Peng Chen and Nadia Kim for their research assistance.	0
The proposed approach is applied to the Italian academic system.	2
is a consultant for TEI Biosciences and an educational consultant for Johnson-Johnson— Mentor.	0
Received 13 October 2024; Received in revised form 10 November 2024; Accepted 12 November 2024	0
The ranking of the cumulative IF was the USA (214 395.8), England (52 568.53), Australia (22 481.84), Mainland China (18 493.87), Japan (17 096.47), Germany (14 823.03) and France (14 710.98) from 2007 to 2016.	4
Median metrics for the whole cohort were: h-index (5), hi-norm (3), g-index (10.4) and e-index (9).	4
Therefore, editors of the English Wikipedia act as “distillers” of high quality science by interpreting and distributing otherwise closed access knowledge to a broad public audience, free of charge.	5
Future research on these collaborative relations may reveal this in more detail.	0
The search was limited to grants awarded to principal investigators (PIs) and co-PIs with appointments in orthopaedic surgery departments affiliated with U.S. medical schools.	2
The results confirm, with different methods and updated data, previous findings that there can be journal classification errors in Scopus and misleading journal aims statements (Wang & Waltman, 2016).	5
Our sample includes only journals that were suggested by their respondents and considered for inclusion and then either included or rejected by Lowry et al.	2
The two predictors were not used in their original continuous operationalisation, but instead are transformed into quartiles.	3
The Dynamics of Cross-disciplinary Research Development Conceptual Framework illustrates how interdisciplinary research involves a recursive process where context, social learning processes, social capital outcomes, and knowledge and human capital outcomes occur (Carr et al., 2018).	5
Given the predicted behavior is followed in most of the cases, and there is a realistic case for why these changes occurred, it is not unreasonable to link the observed changes in publication behavior to a change in evaluation criteria, which is also not out-of-line with what commonsense would predict.	5
The degrees of freedom (df) and x2 were 20 and 48 respectively, with a p value of 0.0004, indicating strong evidence of linear hierarchy among the journals.	4
The European Spine Journal and the Spine are the most impactful journals.	4
To test the reliability of the sample and to estimate the total population of GSC the Lincoln-Petersen formula was applied (Seber 2002).	3
Proximity can thus be used as a unifying concept for the study of scientific knowledge diffusion as well as for the analysis of mobility of scientists.	3
The current study covers 148 direct citations from 2006 through 2019 and their 2542 second-generation citations and assesses retraction status visibility of the case study paper and its retraction notice on 12 digital platforms as of 2020.	2
In this short communication, growth rate calculation errors in bibliometric studies are discussed and demonstrate how to avoid such errors and cross verify the calculated CAGR value with the data.	1
Types of cancer immunotherapy and level of evidence of the clinical articles (n=68) in the Top 100	0
Note that it is important for the journal's editorial board to know not only which articles are cited most frequently but also which articles have no references.	0
Russia/USSR, of course, dominates, and other countries are Germany, France, Italy, and the United States (Table 12).	4
This paper presents a novel model of science funding that exploits the wisdom of the scientific crowd.	1
The tests for all three of the journals reveal statistically significant findings for highly cited articles effect on overall citations.	4
In response, we assessed whether specialist, cross-field and general academic journals sometimes have publication practices that do not match their Scopus classifications.	1
The objective of this paper is to conduct an updated retrospective evaluation of IREF since its inception in 1992.	1
RQ2: How does female participation in research vary with discipline?	1
Note the journal topic normalization produces the greatest percentage reduction of the variance (94.4%).	4
We then use analytical tools to evaluate the impact of these sources by applying various metrics to the citation patterns of the literature.	3
Specifically, the three-year early debut led to a 26.1 percentage increase in total publications for first-movers (SE 0.049), a 14.3 percentage increase in normalised publications (SE 0.027), and a 20.0 percentage increase in first-author or reprint-author publications (SE 0.041).	4
Another factor that may explain these results is the effect of the age of the analyzed journals.	5
The fractional contributions are estimated by using two methods: a simple arithmetic and first-author fractions.	3
The bibliometric dataset is drawn from the Italian Observatory of Public Research (ORP), a database developed and maintained by Research Value, S.r.l. and derived under license from the WoS.	2
How did the citation project affect each faculty member's ScholarRank?	1
For our novel approach, we employ the case of bioplastics as an example of an emerging technology within the highly interdisciplinary Bioeconomy.	1
Most relevant contributing sources are as- i) Indian Journal of Agricultural Science, ii) Communications in Soil Sciences and Plant Analysis, and iii) Legume Research.	5
Using this phenomenon also as an example for the broader question of how scholarly communities deal with uncertainty in the reception of publications, this case study aims to assess the epistemic contributions of retracted publications with continuous and decreasing citation impact and to relate these to the epistemic environments of the retracted papers and to reception patterns.	1
Obtaining National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding over the last 10 years has become increasingly difficult due to a decrease in the number of research grants funded and an increase in the number of NIH applications.	1
This means that we have different citation windows depending on the year of publication.	0
The aim of this work is to verify that Altman's score still maintains its supremacy as the best tool used to investigate the financial insolvency of enterprises.	1
The first half of this section provides the performance analysis results of the corpus of articles.	0
We focus particularly on problems in co-authorship crediting, seeking to identify types of problems encountered and to develop a preliminary model of determinants of co-author crediting disputes.	1
Second, we extracted papers that were written by authors with affiliation located in European regions.	2
We conducted an analysis to examine the causal effects between in- formation disclosure and knowledge accumulation based on this policy change.	1
The identification of the relations of scientific collaboration was based on co-authorship of papers published in journals.	3
Most research was clustered by content area, such as cancer screening, access to care, heart health, and quality of life.	4
What is the relationship between aging and research productivity?	1
Regarding scientific publication, results show a similar pattern: homegrown faculty and non-inbred national faculty publish fewer books and conference proceedings, with no statistical difference regarding the other types of scientific activity.	4
We identified a total of 681 citations of Societies Without Borders content for this period.	2
Finally, given historical geographic inequality in Federal research funding [12], we also examined the geographic distribution of individual career development awards to physicians from departments of psychiatry.	1
In sum, the titles our study examines includes: ?	2
We examine two generations of citations in leading accounting and finance journals to conduct a network analysis of the evolution of citations to research through time.	1
The AUC of the prediction model including overall features is 0.7, as is shown in Table 5 with the recall rate and the precision rate.	4
Haiyun Xu: Conceived and designed the analysis, Collected the data, Contributed data or analysis tool, Performed the analysis, Wrote the paper.	0
The last section offers a summary of the results and our conclusion.	0
We suggest that, at least for the determination of the most research productive Australian departments or schools of economics, top-quality publication counts are likely to be as informative as, but less resource-intensive than, the ongoing ERA exercise.	5
We gratefully acknowledge comments received from participants at this conference and from the anonymous journal reviewers.	0
Consider the problem of a reviewer (she) evaluating a research work to recommend whether to accept or reject it.	2
This study involved an embedded mixed methods investigation of a social world in the form of a Twitter topic network focused on paleontology [40].	3
Of the 3605 citations, slightly more than half of them were organic citations (52.9%).	4
Internationalization is then measured by geometric distance of a publication barycenter from the domestic location Flanders, where the authors of the books and chapters included in this study have a university affiliation.	3
We used the most recent version of the four chosen rankings including the Times Higher Education World University Ranking 2022 edition (THE), the QS World University Rankings 2022 edition (QS) the ShanghaiRanking-Academic Ranking of World Universities 2021 edition (ARWU), and the U.S.News Best Global Universities Ranking 2022 edition (USNews).	2
Searching for common abbreviations (1) in PubMed (1809-2017), Embase (1974-2017), Ovid Medline (1946–2017), Philosopher's Index (1966–2016), and PsychINFO (1806–2017), I found three types of non-existent authors: apparent authors (such as Et Al and Anon), which conceal the identities of real contributors, depriving them of recognition; apparent authors whose “names” are postnominals, such as “Phil D"; and authors whose initials have been used as surnames and surnames as initials.	2
Keywords Patents · R&D efficiency · GERD · BERD · Albuquerque model Indicators	0
For each faculty member, the following features were collected: hiring institution, hiring year, doctoral institution, country of doctoral institution, doctoral major, current faculty rank, gender, and research areas.	2
The ratio reveals to what degree the scholars in an organizational unit participate and contribute with active research.	5
In this study, we estimate the effect of writing quality by comparing how 30 economists judge the quality of papers written by PhD students in economics.	1
To predict the probability that two authors who share a first initial and last name are the same person, we collected records for 431,395 papers from the WOS database for the field of economics as well as 299,707 papers from the Social Sciences Research Network (SSRN), which is a popular database of preprints and working papers for a number of fields including economics.	3
Archives of Iranian Medicine, Volume 10, Number 2, April 2007 185	0
Then, we downloaded the review reports of each OPR paper and structured the text manually to count the length of reviewers' comments, excluding the authors' responses, as well as the rounds of review, the linguistic complexity, etc.	2
The Oxford Centre for Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging of the Brain at John Radcliffe Hospital (n = 10) was the leading institutions and Karl J.	4
This study found eight RIM systems that Chinese researchers use, including Academia.edu, Bing Academic, Google Scholar, ORCID, Microsoft Academic, ResearchGate, and two Chinese RIM systems— Baidu Academic and ScholarMate (see Table 1).	4
Journal quality was established using Impact Factor (IF) and Source Normalized Impact per Paper (SNIP) for 2011.	2
Data for this study are collected from the seven largest academic databases for 2012 to 2022 related to IoMT and their applications in healthcare.	2
Consequently, in the present study, we have taken a step backward in time to ask what knowledge of key RCR concepts undergraduates have at the start of their research programs and to determine whether their participation in a science ethics training workshop impacts their knowledge of these concepts and their ability to apply this information to their research projects.	1
He is currently involved in a project on the history of science and technology statistics (1950- 2000) from which a book is being written (Counting on Sci- ence: The History of Science and Technology Measurement).	0
My aim here is to examine Richards' co-authoring practices throughout his career.	1
Bacteria have an adaptive immune system, called CRISPR, that identifies invading viruses through their DNA or RNA sequences and cuts them up (see the Perspective by Zhang and Sontheimer).	1
This is supported by the results displayed in Tables 2 and 3 that suggest a decrease in the number of affiliations and authors per article.	4
The projects were success stories of the 7th Framework Programme (FP7) highlighted by the European Commission [24] in the fields of knowledge of medicine, public health, biology and genomics.	2
Specifically, by extracting data from the Dimensions database we measure each preprint's first and last authors' H-index, 10 cumulative number of citations and Altmetrics citations (a measure of research visibility).	2
These consisted of the following: The New England Journal of Medicine, The Lancet, JAMA, BMJ, JAMA Internal Medicine, Annals of Internal Medicine, PLOS Medicine, Cachexia, BMC Medicine, and Mayo Clinic Proceedings.	2
In conclusion, potential or probable predatory open-access publishers and journals are widely present in the broad field of anesthesiology and related specialties.	5
The results show that highly cited authors did not hold the distinction of being the primary contributors to the IF.	5
Affiliations of the authors and subject of the publication were retrieved using Web of Science, BARC institutional repository and from various other websites.	2
A total of 3,816 articles that were published between 2016 and 2020 were evaluated deeply.	2
These results indicate that international cooperation between nurse researchers is crucial during the COVID-19 pandemic.	5
The results also show that operations research and finance are the most significant topics in the region.	4
Combining the results of these two question revealed that about two-thirds of the professors now viewed the library as a resource for help with publishing (Table 6).	4
The findings suggest that: (1) there has been a steady growth in OPR adoption since 2001, when 38 journals initially adopted OPR, with more rapid growth since 2017; (2) OPR adoption is most prevalent in medical and scientific disciplines (79.9%); (3) five publishers are responsible for 81% of the identified OPR journals; (4) early adopter publishers have implemented OPR in different ways, resulting in different levels of transparency.	4
Our results show that books display different impact in each of the measurements and vary by types and content.	4
We denote the median similarity with the depth in blue, and then mark its standard deviation in the box.	0
Following this current, I created two dictionaries: one with terms related to research collaboration and another with the terms Africa and the names of individual African countries.	3
By referring to the Open Coding pipelines and the methods of recursive modification, we designed a bottom-up process to establish a classification schema for Highlights sentences.	3
Among the several methods for the detection of network communities we use modularity, defined as the fraction of edges that fall within a group, minus the expected value this fraction would have if the links were distributed randomly.	3
The results show that research collaboration at the author and country/region levels has significantly positive effects on variety and DIV (an integrated diversity indicator), although these effects are limited.	4
In this case, each citation marker as a milestone essentially represents a doubling in the number of citations so that the dissemination interval is roughly the time (in months) it takes to observe a minimum of a 100% increase in citations.	3
In sum, three citation models can be found here from the findings: Brazilian journalism knowledge was produced building on relatively diversified scholarships; Russian and Chinese journalism knowledge productions primarily relied on domestic scholarships; Indian and South African journalism knowledge produced largely based on the Anglosphere scholarship.	4
Acknowledgements This work is based on the research supported by the National Research Foundation (NRF) of South Africa (Grant No.	0
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
For years, Amsterdam University Press (AUP) has been publishing books in open access (OA).	1
Three hundred and fifty articles were included for data extraction.	4
All interviews were audiotape recorded, transcribed verbatim, sent back to interviewees for authorization, and coded using the software program Atlas.ti (see Table 3 for a summary of this code scheme).	3
We examined citation counts of featured review articles in bins of size 20 and size 5.	3
We will then test the implications of this theory using data on retractions in biomedical and life sciences publications to demonstrate empirical relations consistent with our theory.	1
The analyses focus on the uses of organic/perfunctory citations and confirmative/ negational citations.	1
Data used in this study was retrieved from the Thomson Reuters Web of Science.	2
In the fall of 2022, the Scholarly Communications Committee created a working group to tackle the second item on the list: mandating faculty deposits in Niner Commons, with the ability to opt out.	3
Sandra Nunes (PhD) is an associated researcher at the Department of Chemistry, developing work in various aspects of computational chemistry.	0
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
The bibliometric data for this study are provided by the Web of Science (WoS).	2
The strongest effect on the SP comes from collaboration outside the SRA (1.23) (right part in Table 2).	4
Six hundred seven residents, 67% men and 33% women, had an overall mean h index of 2.5±3.2.	4
We explored whether attitudes towards posting and citing of preprints differ between the Global South (GS) and the Global North (GN) [1].	1
In the next definition we introduce our first approach to dynamising the indices h, k and g, and we denote these time-dependent indices as hT, kT and gT respectively.	3
Ten broad thematic areas were considered by aggregation of WoS categories3: Agriculture, Biology and Environment; Biomedicine; Clinical Medicine; Chemistry; Engineering and Technology; Humanities; Mathematics; Multidisciplinary; Physics; and Social Sciences.	2
The study's findings demonstrate the predominant presence of female scholars in gender-focused literature within social sciences, in contrast to their underrepresentation in STEM fields.	5
Using an event-study framework with matched data, we find evidence of an economically and statistically significant effect on scientist productivity in the year of acknowledgement of star help.	4
This study attempts to map out research collaboration in BRICS using four measurable categories, namely, research capacity, research outputs, ranking and number of international collaborations.	1
Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU), 2019 [9].	2
Conclusion: It is observed that the researchers from the US (32.4%), UK (9.2%) and China (7.4%) are the prime contributors as for as mining and management of the neuropsychiatric disorders using machine learning is concerned.	5
To avoid the table to be verbosely long, we just select the top 10 for the topical terms in each community and the top 30 for the authors, given that the community is with more topical-terms and more authors.	0
Then, we used the Mallet (http://mallet.cs.umass.edu), which is the Java implementation of LDA, to extract the 25 topics and the R statistical programming environment to calculate N_WT(Tky).	3
These results evidence that the CMB does not assume a serious threat affecting a large majority of the results.	0
As expected, for the six analyzed countries and for both domains, national papers are more nationally biased than international papers, the difference being in general more pronounced in NSE than in BIOMED.	4
In this study, we investigate how collaboration patterns changed in two groups of Russian universities once the project was underway.	1
A cross-match with the number of citations of each paper was conducted at Scopus (https://www.scopus.com) and Google Scholar (https://scholar.google.com.br) databases for further comparisons.	2
While many institutions collect performance materials in some way, text-based documents continue to be the primary method of performing arts representation in IRs.	4
Cardiology published most manuscripts, including manuscripts from research conducted (first author), initiated (senior author), or both.	4
The Pearson correlation coefficient was calculated to find the strength of relation between different variables.	3
1 This author's work is supported by SPEED IT Fellowship of Kerala IT Mission, Govt.	0
Finally, the current paper serves as an example of how to employ the powerful statistical technique of exploratory structural equation modeling.	3
We analysed 449,409 publications from 2013-2016 and found that, despite persisting differences between the two groups of countries across all disciplines, publication patterns in the Central and Eastern European countries are becoming more similar to those in their Western and Nordic counterparts.	2
In order to construct the geolocalized citation network we consider nodes (urban areas) and directed links representing the presence of citations from a paper with affiliation in one urban area to a paper with affiliation in another urban area.	3
Third, different regions vary greatly not only in research output but also in research preference.	5
This means that citing more references can indeed contribute to more citations, but it may increase the chance for a paper to become an MCP or LCP, it does not guarantee it to become an HCP.	5
India has made significant progress in genomics research in recent years, but there is still much room for growth and development in this field.	5
The following proposition predicts a substantial shift in (individual) citation impact of scholarly articles, when considering the influence structure O.	3
The programme booklet and over 70 sessions with more than 200 lectures as well as over 800 discussion contributions were analysed for gender-specific differences using a standardised structured observation form.	2
The results obtained will be very useful for researchers working in this scientific area, as they can find a synthesis of scientific production in this document, allowing them to draw their own conclusions regarding the current gaps in research; constituting the starting point of their research, with the aim of filling these gaps.	5
We analyze 9.8 million publication records between 1981–2013 in 17 countries of MENA from Morocco to Iraq and compare it to selected countries throughout the world.	1
The aim of this article is to examine and evaluate the quality of availability of information resources and the retrieval efficiency of GS compared to Summon.	1
It can, therefore, be stated that the entire conceptual structure analysed on bank marketing is *organised into ten major thematic areas, which have been called: (1) TECHNOLOGY ACCEPTANCE, (2) DIMENSIONAL ANALYSIS, (3) FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE, (4) SERVICE MANAGEMENT, (5) ATTITUDE QUALITY, (6) EMPLOYEES, (7) CAUSAL MODELS, (8) MARKET ANALYSIS, (9) CRM and (10) CSR.	4
The first author wishes to acknowledge financial support from the MEXT scholarship (Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan) for carrying out this research.	0
The means for selected journals are significantly higher than the corresponding NS means (p<0.05, one- tailed) in all cases except those marked with asterisks	0
Table 8 shows that Covid papers received on average six citations more than non-Covid ones.	4
High citation impact: measured by three normalized citation indicators, to account for differences in citation cultures across research fields and the differences in cited and citing half-lives.	3
To conclude, recognising that international academic mobility is career stage dependent has important implications for HEI policies and institutional governance.	5
What are the relationships between faculty’s perceptions on the importance of library resource, frequency of library use, and their research productivity?	1
Electronic availability in the academic field stands is now at a crossroads, and there is an apparent need for a new solution that fits universities, publishers and researchers alike.	5
We find that there is no clear relation between institutions receiving CTSAs and their generating more translational science.	4
1C), with precision of 0.79 and recall of 0.793, and to robustly predict the L ratio of scientific teams (predicted and empirical L ratios correlate at 0.66) (Fig.	3
998 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2012	0
There remains a paucity of data regarding implementation and clinical outcomes of individual guidelines.	5
Presented at Combined Otolaryngology Spring Meetings, National Harbor, Maryland, U.S.A., April 18-22, 2018.	0
It is also interesting to note that the PageRank baseline using a damping factor of 0.667 consistently produced better rankings than that using a damping factor of 0.85, suggesting that the new base damping factor estimated using topical drifts works better than the traditionally used value of 0.85 at generating usefulness-based rankings of scientific papers.	4
The first is the DNA-2SCC network in Figure 6.	2
A small Bradfordian core of highly-cited journals and important publishers of monograph books were identified; monographs are cited more often than journal articles; older materials are more important than in other sciences; monographs are used by botanists for current awareness purposes; coverage of botanical journals by citation indexes is poor.	4
To characterize the relationship between claimant and evaluator, I will make use of notions of proximity as developed in economic geography (Balland, Boschma, & Frenken, 2015; Bellet et al., 1993; Boschma, 2005; Rallet, 1993; Torre & Rallet, 2005).	3
The literature retrieval strategy was as follows: (Title = endometrial neoplasm* OR endometrial carcinoma* OR endometrial cancer* OR endometrium carcinoma* OR endometrium cancer*).	2
This study analyzes the citations of 50 Doctor of Nursing Practice dissertations as part of an academic library's preparation to support a university's new Doctor of Nursing Practice program.	1
However, it facilitates the misleading impression that fake reviews are a comparatively common form of academic misconduct.	4
Purely for purposes of illustration, we have analyzed the citation records of four of the most eminent currently active scholars in (mainly) mathematical approaches to problems in informetrics.	2
The purpose of this study was to first define the grants successfully awarded to pediatric surgeon-scientists, and then determine the success of the K-series award recipients at achieving research independence as a pediatric surgeon-scientist.	1
Input simplification techniques allow for the reduction of both input instance size and complexity, while approximation algorithms yield, after solving only a polynomial number of optimization problems (as opposed to the exponential bound mentioned above for the brute force approach) results that are, with a specified probability, within a certain distance from the correct Shapley value.	3
The low outcome of industrial applications—shown by the case of ALBA—is not a surprise and can be explained by a number of factors, some of which are also worth to be considered for other synchrotron or light sources:	5
The R2 from the regression between downloads and citations suggests that variation in downloads explains 29% of the variation in citations.	4
This study analyzed the diffusion of innovation by using LDA citations as a proxy.	5
The electronic questionnaire containing semi-open questions was sent to 101 law journals (see Lienhard et al.	2
Correlation between age and academic degree and Use of Sci-Hub questions.	0
The project data assessed in this study originate from the NSSFC official database (http://fz.people.com.cn/skygb/sk/ index.php/index/index/4533) and the NSFC Shared Service Network (http://output.nsfc.gov.cn/).	2
Twenty Anatomy and Morphology journals were identified, all indexed in both databases.	4
For each of these journals, we used Journal Citation Reports to collect cited and citing data to and from other journals in the dataset for each of the 3 years from 2009 to 2011.	2
These two metrics along with various estimates of the mean are computed for four journals and the metrics discussed.	0
A majority of studies reported COI in both versions (69%) and 5% of these had authors reporting more COI in the peer-reviewed version.	4
SPSS 19.0 (SPSS Inc., Chicago, Illinois, USA) was used to perform the statistical tests.	3
The altmetric score correlated moderately with citation number (r=0.44, P=0.001) and annual mean citations (r=0.49, P<0.001), but correlated weakly with impact factor (r=0.28, P=0.045), and immediacy index (r=0.32, P=0.022).	4
We examine the effect of academic institutional characteristics on research funding grant success for graduate students.	1
Comprising an analysis of 18 Research Excellence Framework impact case studies submitted by the faculty in 2014, alongside a survey of 68 faculty staff and PhD students, and interviews with four research centre or group leaders, the case study explores the perceived benefits and challenges of evidencing research impact amongst a range of disciplines, as well as the 'transferable' skills which researchers utilise in evidence gathering.	2
Our aim was to identify the 100 top-cited studies in main allergy journals and to determine the principal characteristics of these studies.	1
Each of the 10 cycles of the subsamples was then tested using 10-fold cross-validation (i.e., the subsample was subdivided into tenths, with nine tenths used to build a model and the remaining tenth tested with the model, and the process repeated 10 times, once for every combination of subdivisions).	3
From Table 7, we see that the implementation of the two steps led to retrieve 2129 additional documents.	4
Thus, the bibliographic data of 100 journals in five disciplines, published from 2013 to 2017, are obtained from the CNKI database.	2
Following previously published work (Gao et al., 2022), this study applies co-authorship network analysis but here to explore the geolingual structure of the DH community.	3
The overall workflow developed ultimately followed four steps:	3
The present study showed that the in-depth analysis of the drug relationships extracted from the literature-based network sheds new light on drug discovery research.	5
Co-Word analysis was performed by K-means clustering via metric multidimensional scaling (MDS) of 517 individuals described by 183 variables/keywords.	3
Let us now move on from these descriptive statistics to an analysis of the data.	0
The aim of the analysis, then, is to comprehensively identify the basic general features of the organization of HEP laboratories in relation to their epistemic goals by making use of organization theory and to determine the possibility of assessing their performance – i.e.	1
Note that project numbers in this paper are all counted based on the principal investigators.	0
Method (c) occurs, for example, in the layman's phrase, 'tied for second place'.	0
In our view, it seems highly unlikely that just under 38 % of the top ranking (SJR's Q1) sport science journals and, among all sport science journals listed by SJR, more than 83 % of the journals published by Taylor & Francis would be considered to be of poor quality, much less unscholarly, and even less as “suspect predatory”.	5
This is an Open Access article published by World Scientific Publishing Company.	0
Although different bibliometric analysis software is available, this study resorted to the WoS Analyze Results to glean the data on scientific performance and the SciMAT software, developed by Cobo et al.	3
“The total numbers of papers do not coincide with total papers cited because of papers with more than one origin citing them	0
Analysis of the data in Table 2 shows the number of revisions per paper for the papers in the two categories “Accept” and “Minor Revision” is 1.7 while the number of revisions for papers that are in the second categories where the original decision of the editor is that the papers require more work (“Major Revision” and “Reject and Resubmit”) is 2.6.	4
An inverse U-shaped curve was observed between the percentage of STAM references to the HSS articles and the number of citations they received;	4
Results suggest that the correlation coefficient between CI and Citation in B, though substantial (Table 3), is not significant (0.522), which thus suggests no significant correlation.	4
Two large laboratory rooms were made available to us and all the space was used for spreading out our collections.	0
The interview data indicated that a prior relationship between academic researchers and external partners was linked to the willingness of both parties to invest in collaborative work.	4
Downloaded from aje.sagepub.com at NORTHWESTERN UNIV LIBRARY on March 24, 2015	0
It is possible that the changes in the funding regime between 2008 and 2014 that significantly increased the financial premium for 4* articles may have influenced research quality evaluation.	5
Several tools were employed in this work to study the data.	3
Our four measures of scholarly productivity all represent five-year productivity (January 2013 through December 2017) rather than lifetime productivity.	2
When exploring the websites, we conducted key word searches using the browser's “Find” feature.	3
The top 50 US companies in the 2012 Fortune 500 list were included in the study.	2
Interdisciplinarity has been studied through different approaches, such as interviews and surveys (Hargens, 1986; Palmer, 1999), organizational analysis of the higher education system, and empirical analysis of research groups (Sanz et al., 2001).	0
A possible reason for the results is that researchers "over-cite" the papers from their own country – lacking the focus on quality in citing.	5
We hypothesize that reviewer interest in a manuscript may serve as a predictor of the potential citations an article will receive, and could be one of many mechanisms behind the editorial delay-eventual citation relationship.	5
In the network map of VOSviewer analysis, USA was in the central position of oxycodone research and closely coordinated with many countries, such as Finland, Australia and Japan.	4
All statistical analyses were performed in R 4.1.3 [46].	3
Note: Ordered by value of impact factor from high to low; SC, self-cited	0
The third part of the original paper of BET isotherm covers applicability of the isotherm on a number of catalysts and adsorbents.	0
The stated three policy implications would be helpful to achieve the visualization of sustainability and diversification of economic portfolios by the aid of technology embodied web interface to cover the large research database worldwide.	0
The median of the group MAT-PHYS-CHEM is located at 0.57 which is lower than in the other three clusters.	4
Statistical significance was analyzed by Wilcoxon rank-sum test.	3
We fully agree with Bornmann and Leydesdorff that the h-index is database-dependent and that differential coverage of databases is among the main factors affecting the calculated index.	5
Our original list indicates that during the period Nigeria and Egypt appeared with only one publication each.	0
The proportion of child health awardees varied from 0% to 50% across institutions.	4
The XM-metric for the two papers jointly is built by simple aggregation of the number of X-motifs from the two papers.	3
Since retracted publications are wasting scientific resources in the form of editors, publishers and reviewers, at the very least, editorial articles should be free from any kind of scientific and/or research misconduct such as plagiarism or data fabrication.	5
We propose an innovative utilization of the scale-free property of the power laws as a scaling relationship, to normalize research productivity indicators, and provide results independent by the university size.	1
An alternating expectation conditional maximization (AECM) algorithm [21] is used for fitting these models.	3
We showed that Twitter-based social media communities have different characteristics.	5
Assim, foram desconsiderados currículos que n?o tiveram atualiza??o nos últimos 18 meses.	2
At the same time that tenure and gender information were acquired during these calls, it was also reconfirmed for these 50 individuals that their dissertation, teaching, and research were in the field of strategic management.	0
Surgeon funding levels have significantly declined over the past decade in contrast to internal medicine and overall NIH funding, which have been stable.	5
For Research Scholarly Concentration graduates, we examined the association between research outcomes and duration of research experience before medical school (n=232).	1
In generally, the development of open science in the Spanish university system can be regarded as having made modest progress, but there are major developments that have yet to be made.	5
The study found that only 8 of 18 documents included any reference to team science principles and even these mentions were largely negligible.	4
(2) is obviously an Ansatz chosen merely for its simple mathematical form rather than being based on some underlying physical understanding of research production within collaborations.	0
Multi-author publications were attributed to multiple countries according to the authors' affiliations.	3
It also aimed to identify the influential factors in citation status and provide strategies to enhance the journal's citation status and impact.	1
The retrieved articles were manually curated to remove articles that were not authored by individuals with pharma affiliation.	2
To examine the directionality of download and citation, this paper introduces a widely adopted strategy outside information science to study the relation between two time series, namely Granger-causality inference (Granger, 1969).	1
We chose a logistic regression instead of an ordinary least squares regression due to the skewed distribution of our dataset, in which a few papers account for most policy citations.	3
Of particular note, corresponding authors who were neurosurgeons were the majority (55.8%) only in JNS spine.	4
Distributed into 12-year and 13-year periods, the retraction trend indicates that the first period, i.e., 1998–2009, included 749 retracted publications, and the second period (2010–2021), which included 2954 retracted publications, represents a considerable increase in retracted publications in recent years.	4
and the CPCR metric was arrived at by dividing the number of unique articles cited by TRLN researchers by the title price.	3
Finally, the study also aims to raise awareness on the importance of originality for all the actors of the system but especially the importance of producing outstanding original research which might overturn conventional wisdom and assumptions by challenging old beliefs.	5
Our results show how growth relates to ‘citation inflation’, increased connectivity in the citation network resulting from decreased levels of uncitedness, and a narrowing range of attention as both very classic and very recent literature are being cited increasingly less.	4
We examine whether FIC's investment in research training contributed to the development of networks and collaborations in two countries with longstanding FIC investments – Uganda and Kenya – and the factors which facilitated this process.	1
Downloaded from https://www.pnas.org by NANJING AGRICULTURAL UNIVERSITY on May 19, 2025 from IP address 112.86.229.35.	0
As policy implications, we recommend clarifying the ERA's epistemic objectives and redefining its strategy of 'reducing fragmentation'.	5
The really curious aspect of these small companies is that many of them have no marketable products at all, and hardly any have more than just a few.	0
The identification of landmark papers depends on the used methods and data.	5
For the purposes of this study these were considered 'Medical Informatics MeSH-indexed' (MI-MeSH) citations.	0
2015) and the study of research excellence (Vessuri, Guédon and Cetto 2014; Bianco, Gras and Sutz 2016).	5
Using the citation record of each published paper, it is straightforward to recalculate the IF, leaving out review papers.	3
This article investigates how HSS can be made 'relevant' through the qualitative case study of a funding instrument fostering immersive collaboration between HSS researchers and non-academic actors.	1
These standard deviations were also narrower compared with the total pool.	0
In general, the Brazilian contribution to the total number of papers published on soil science in the world is high and growing.	5
LIS Graduate Program, University of Denver, Head, Circulation Services, University of Colorado, Boulder, Norlin Library, CB 184, Boulder, CO 80309-0184.	0
D. Y. Patil Vidyapeeth Pune is the most productive author with 50 publications, followed by Shailendr K Saxena from King George's Medical University, Lucknow with 17 publications, Nivedita Gupta from Indian Council of Medical Research with 14 publicaitons, Gangakhedkar, Raman R from Indian Council of Medical Research with 12 publications, Raju Vaishya from Indraprastha Apollo Hospital with 11 publications, Kuldeep Dhama from Indian Veterinary Institute with 10 publications.	4
Note: a 2016 statistics are reported in the 2017 JCR published by Clarivate Analytics [54,55]	0
This is as expected, since both values depend on the intensity of the professor's production.	0
Organization countries were identified through the SciVal module (Elsevier) and merged with Dimensions data.	3
(3) How do different research strategies and publication practices contribute to these distinctive scientific accomplishments?	1
These findings will help hybrid organizations such as universities and research institutes understand how individual attributes contribute to interdisciplinary research.	5
Retraction notices in soft disciplines were more likely than those in hard disciplines to identify journal authorities as accountable entities.	4
We regard an author as a node and a copublished article as an edge.	3
We then extracted all publications by Italian sociologists (3168 including Article 1912, Article in Press 54, Book 85, Book Chapter 477, Conference Paper 113, Editorial 116, Erratum 4, Letter 3, Note 35, Review 355, Short Survey 6 and 8 without a document type) from Scopus in September 2016.	2
The aim of this study was to carry out a bibliometric analysis of breast cancer studies in the field of nursing conducted between 2009 and 2018 and to reveal the trends, dynamics and scientific outputs in the field.	1
In this paper, I propose an extension of that method to calculate relevance rankings for each of the documents retrieved by the method.	1
This study proposes a new technique for identifying emerging topics from a broad citation database and then uses that technique to nominate a list of 70 topics from recent years as emergent.	1
1 General distribution of citations as a function of time after publication [after 3]	0
For items with additional copies available through publisher OA, the change from zero copies to having at least 1 additional copy hosted by publisher OA is correlated with a higher average citation rate of 1.47 citations per year (t=13.782, p<0.001).	4
There are many reasons why the majority of the most influential UK authors do not hold a grant from the country's major public and charitable funding bodies.	5
We obtain the abstract records, with helpful metadata, of the publications from the Web of Science (WoS).	2
To answer the above question, the core objective of the paper is outlined.	1
Among them, WoS and Scopus have been used the most for bibliometric analyses, but we decided to choose Scopus database as the search engine for our study because it covers a wider range of documents than WoS (Hallinger & Chatpinyakoop, 2019; Mongeon & Paul-Hus, 2016).	2
The question was formulated as an open-ended question, without offered categories.	3
The most frequent keywords were “DNA methylation" and “LncRNA”.	4
We analyze 40,224 presenters, focusing on top-ranked institutions according to three global university ranking systems (Academic Ranking of World Universities, Times Higher Education World University Rankings, and QS World University Rankings).	2
We used the 415 RCTs identified in a scoping review of pediatric critical care RCTs (searches updated January 2019) (8).	2
Based on MAG, records(e.g., title, authors, abstract, year, references, citations) of a total number of 9,458 papers published in CVPR(4803), ICML(1986), and AAAI (2669) for the five-year time window 2014-2018, have been resembled by using DLA.	2
Figure 4 shows the average recall from k = 1 to k = 100.	4
If we look at the figures for Asian countries, Taiwan published the highest number (4) of OA LIS journals, followed by Turkey (2).	4
To limit the bibliographic analysis to a manageable sample, we used the 15% (113 individuals) who attended between three and four of the NACP meetings in the past six years, obtaining the family name, first initial, and organizational affiliation from NACP records.	2
Using 275 journals for our training set, our analysis shows that a combination of global and local metrics creates the strongest model for predicting full-text downloads.	4
Table 1 shows the number of publications located for each of the five researchers.	0
Because it contains more references than other databases and it indexes the full text of articles, this is not surprising.	0
The probit results indicate that a respondent with an academic rank of full professor was less likely to have previously submitted the manuscript to at least one other journal.	4
To do so, we use InCites (Clarivate Analytics) to identify which of the 234 JCR subject matter categories (both Science Citation Index Expanded [SCIE] and Social Science Citation Index Expanded [SSCIE]) each of the 44,165 documents belongs to.	2
Evidence calculates the NCI using data from Thomson Reuters databases (Evidence report 2010; Evidence report 2011).	2
Our modelling goal is to measure the influence of different grant distribution policies to a research community and its scientific impact.	1
We identified 152 journals that have flipped from fully OA to subscription-based, including hybrid OA, and are still actively publishing.	4
The emergence of interdisciplinarity has been slow and partial.	5
institutions dominated the network: 105 among 152 faculty members (69%) received their doctoral education in the U.S., followed by European institutions.	2
The prevalence of open data in our sample was comparable to international studies; open access rates were higher.	5
94,301 publications with addresses from 361 German research institutions were published in Gold OA journals covered by WoS.	4
We collect more than 5 × 106 questions from the Stack-Overflow website and extract around 45 000 terms and more than 2 × 106 pairs from the questions.	2
This suggests a greater interest in the study of factors related to gender differences in higher education and science, as well as a diversification and specialization of the research field over time.	5
The results show that international collaborators increasingly drove the scientific activity in MENA.	4
Before constructing variables for the research model, this work uses the Loglet Lab software (Yung et al. 1999) to observe the overall growth trend covered within the data set.	3
is an individual time-invariant unobservable component potentially correlated to the Xs.	3
The fifth Millennium Development Goal formulated by the WHO in 2000 aimed to reduce global maternal mortality by 75% in 2015.	1
The data show that nearly all research programmes used some sort of triage (24/29, 83%), external peer review (28/29, 97%) and face-to-face committee meetings (25/29, 86%; see Fig 2).	4
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Due to the limited coverage of bibliometric repertories in the arts and humanities and several social science fields, the analysis is confined to STEM disciplines, encompassing 205 SDSs in 10 UDAs.	2
This article proposes a measure that aims at quantifying the impact of research de-emphasizing productivity, thus providing scientists an alternative, conceivably fairer, evaluation of their work.	1
Polish NSC grants are commonly more effective than those supported by European Union via ERC.	4
Is it true that the number of times a paper is cited in educational technology increases with the number of country origins of authors of the paper?	1
Within and outside China, hotspots in Picea research included the relationships between Picea and environmental factors, and the genomic sequences of Picea.	4
The collection process of co-author networks was implemented following a snowball sampling procedure of three steps (Goodman, 1961).	3
For each institution, we used two measures: educational multidisciplinarity based on faculty members' educational backgrounds, and research multidisciplinarity based on faculty members' research interests extracted from their publications.	3
In this paper, a basic set of scientometric articles produced by Russian scientists is analysed.	2
Large differences in the ratio of reported PDF downloads to reported total downloads provide circumstantial evidence that a) actual usage is exaggerated because users who download both a PDF copy and one or more additional HTML copies are counted as making multiple downloads; and b) this exaggeration differs substantially among publishers.	5
In this study, Google Scholar was used to search all the keywords involving all the subspecialties of otorhinolaryngology and head and neck surgery, with the aim of identifying as many physicians as possible.	3
We conducted an Internet-based survey among first authors publishing in Indian biomedical journals from 2012 to 2013 to study the frequency and factors associated with honorary authorship.	1
The average number of authors increased from 3.1 ± 1.7 in 1986 to 5.8 ± 2.6 in 2016 (p < 10ˉo).	4
Cluster 2, comprising inactive believers, demonstrates a lower chance of being female (44.2%) compared to Clusters 1, 3 and 4.	4
The 249 subject categories, to which records from BKCI were assigned, were also restructured into the 15 disciplines proposed by Moed (2005) in a study of Web of Science journal coverage.	3
In total, the clusters of duplicated articles included 3.88% of all studied publications.	5
Deliberative approaches in public priority setting might help to make agendas more plural and diverse and thus more responsive to the contested and uncertain nature of avian influenza research.	5
The most significant variables are the number of postgraduate programmes, the number of masters (MsC) and doctors (PhD), the Brazilian population denoted by the number of inhabitants and the expenditures on R&D.	5
This finding clearly points out a successful convergence of science policies of Brazilian funding agencies with efforts from institutions and researchers in fostering the connection of brazillian science with the international community to move science frontiers forward.	5
A participatory action research (PAR) model was applied.	3
Because researchers in rehabilitation medicine are increasingly using social media to disseminate research,?	1
Publications from 2000 until 2014 were requested from Russian Science Citation Index1 by using context search with terms “bibliometric*” and “scientometric*” (in Russian) in titles and annotations.	2
In doing so, the work used Scopus database as a source of data required.	2
What are the most cited (most influential) journals, publications, authors and countries?	1
Overall, we found fairly rapid uptake in the 22 publications of flagship studies from the NIH HIV/AIDS Clinical Trials Networks, with publications cited very early in the synthesized literature compared to what has been found in other studies.	5
APS dataset1 is the main data source used for the computation of variables given in Table 1.	2
I argue that the ‘fund people, not projects’ movement should adopt the later interpretation but that this shift should not dissuade evaluations of individual researchers.	3
In conclusion, far-reaching decisions based on journal quality and the IF as its most popular metric, e.g.	5
We suggest that authors focus on their research itself rather than on political considerations during the process of writing, especially the selection of important references to cite.	5
MAS is a scientific web database which gathers bibliographic information from the main scientific editorials (Elsevier, Springer) and bibliographic services (CrossRef).	2
My objective with this paper is to start a conversation within economics similar to the one that has been taking place in 'African Studies' following the events of the 1969 African Studies Association meetings in Montreal, Canada.	1
Acknowledgements This article is based upon work from COST Action TD1306 “New Frontiers of Peer Review", supported by COST (European Cooperation in Science and Technology).	0
The average Similarity Index of the 4,050 papers decreased over time, particularly in 2013: in 2009 and 2014, it was 10.15% and 5.62%, respectively.	4
This study focuses on the effects of field size: The number of papers published in a field in a given year.	1
Our analysis highlights a striking lack of specificity and clarity in these policies concerning the acceptable and unacceptable uses of AI tools.	5
Nineteen research scholarship recipients authored 842 publications, with 491 (58%) published after completion of their scholarship.	4
However, notable challenges persist, including low publication productivity, a predominant reliance on domestic papers, and a limited international academic influence.	5
In conclusion, using a simple metric for R&D effort, it appears that c-Si, CIGSSe, CdTe, halide perovskites, and to some extent GaAs PV technologies follow a similar learning curve.	5
A key issue in the calculation of normalised citation scores is the definition of fields and subfields, which are used to compile the reference sets (Wilsdon et al.	0
We aim at building a quantitative framework to describe the time evolution of scientific fields and to make predictions about their relative dynamics.	1
We used the coding strategy developed by Coronado et al., which includes the following domains: type of article, type of research design, type of participants, purpose of the study, physiotherapy focus, and clinical condition.	3
The third bibliographic network is the Acknowledgment Coupling Network (ACN).	3
Non-parametric tests were used to compare median results.	3
Some deficiencies severely impede its further development, mainly in 4 aspects: scientist communities, transdisciplinary research, innovative research perspectives, and continuous research.	5
In a given discipline, to what extent are the most productive institutions the same in both journal classification and paper classification?	1
Comprehensive analysis of all the papers published in 42 forestry journals over a five-year period showed that Mensuration and inventories, Forest management, Plant ecophysiology, Wood science and Vegetation ecology are dominant categories.	5
Finally, after the largest weakly connected component of the network is extracted, each link is weighted with the SPLC (Search Path Link Count) (Hummon & Doreian, 1989), and then several main paths are extracted with key-route main path analysis (Liu & Lu, 2012).	3
The two maps reflect the major change of the philosophical landscape between the two periods: in particular, analytic philosophy and logical empiricism were absent in the first map but occupy at least one third of the second map.	4
In order to study the impact of various factors such as online time, publisher, journal, WoS category, and index type on index time, Contingency Table Analysis is used.	3
A systematic search was conducted on March 26, 2021 using Web of Science Core Collection.	2
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 1420 times since 2010*	0
The aforesaid questions seek insights that are not only of considerable general interest, but also of particular import to researchers in various academic disciplines in understanding the patterns of scientific productivity and their implications.	0
Brunei is a small tropical country -located in Southeast Asia– for which there are no previous bibliometric studies.	1
This article reports on a study of the Library Genesis platform (LibGen).	1
For our case study, we selected all the publications from researchers who were affiliated at some point in their career with any (or multiple) Swedish institution in the period 1970–2021, resulting in 987,041 distinct documents (the documents' metadata was used to identify author affiliation data for each publication).	2
More than half of respondents thought they had good or excellent understanding of open access, with those who had completed training more likely to highly rate their understanding.	4
As evident in Figure 2, if the respondents were given the option to select either print-only journals or OA journals for submitting their manuscripts, 55.5% respondents would have chosen print-only journals.	4
This study can provide journals with guidelines for their publishing policy, to improve their visibility.	5
The majority of these CRPI references (94%) were from articles published before the CRPI.	5
This network comprises 80.1 thousand nodes connected by 663 thousand edges, including 323 core publications.	2
The number of Original articles increased steadily from 148(16.2%) in 2009 to 214(23.4%) in 2013, In yearly terms, Original articles published each year ranged between 148 and 214;	4
Among surgeons who published a first-author paper in training, the total papers published by each trainee did not change over the past two decades (3.5 versus 3.3 first-author papers per 10 y of training, P= 0.8819).	4
To analyze the trends and developments among journals in the specialty of obstetrics and gynecology.	1
The probability to publish in Q1 journals is almost double than expected: 45.7% total publications and 38.4% articles plus reviews are published in Q1 journals.	5
Whereas traditional book and journal publishing remain the gold standard for many post- secondary institutions, nontraditional publishing is just as prolific at the flagship university in Maine.	1
Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.	0
The statistical software package Stata 15.1 (http://www.stata.com/) was used for this study (StataCorp.	0
The CIMMYT, with its headquarters in Mexico, is hosted by a number of developing countries.	0
The Spearman correlations between the number of Scopus citations and the number of SlideShare citations to Scopus articles are positive and statistically significant in each year examined (Table 5).	4
In fact, we have proved that the optimal amount of information about the research increases with the reviewer's prior valuation of the research work, as with greater initial valuation by the reviewer, the author wants to provide sufficient research information for the reviewer to be less likely to run out of manuscript items to evaluate.	5
Overall authorship for 49 radiology journals across 68 years has increased markedly with no demonstrated impact from ICMJE guidelines.	5
Our estimating equation relates publication or funding activity in subfield i in year t to the treatment effect of losing a superstar: (1) E[yit|Xit] = exp[β0 + β1AFTER_DEATHit + β2AFTER_DEATHit × TREATi + f(AGEit) + δt + γi]	3
This study was made possible through a grant by FAPESP (Research Foundation from Sao Paulo State, Brazil).	0
Diachronous impact factor based on citation concentration index (DIFCCI) is measured as follows:	3
The total number of the recipients of these state scholarships amounted to 2.742 individuals.	2
With the total funding amount unchanged, the number of talents has increased by 6%, and the scientific research results have increased by 10.63%.	4
A special complex journal indicator is calculated in RISC, ‘Science Index journal indicator’.	3
For each journal, we computed the weight of the citations obtained by the most-cited articles on total citations and thus their contribution to the 2-year IF.	3
From 2021 to 2022, 33,637 neurosurgical articles were published, with 197 involving collaboration from Mexico (0.5%).	4
Social network analysis allowed describing a well-connected and oligarchic academic community, in which it is not possible to identify sub-structures.	5
The development of institutional repositories in Nigeria began in 2009 with only one repository and increased to two repositories in 2010.	4
The reference class problem for credit valuation in science is the problem of determining to which of an agent's communities which reference class-credit determinations should be indexed for an act under some state of nature.	1
Currently, Chinese universities cannot gain recognition from the international academic community by virtue of the size advantage of their S&T personnel.	4
In order to obtain a measure of citations, we used citation counts from Google Scholar and Web of Science.	2
For each university, the personnel working at the different departments were identified on the internal homepage in 2014.	2
10 papers were cited more than 500 times.	4
In all fields except clinical medicine, subscription journals have recorded much higher 2-year and 5-year mean NIF.	5
Acknowledgements We appreciate support from CONACyT (Mexico, Basic Science Project A1S9013), and SNI.	0
First, the process of defining categories for statistical analysis is bound with conceptual controversies.	5
Table 2: Equity conditions in access to the editorial positions in 37 international public Health journals (PHEEGR= Public health editor equity gap ratio: the ratio of highest representation to lowest representation of countries)	0
The present study has to analyze quantitatively the publications about to genetic improvement in the period 2003–2013 by the Scopus database.	1
In contrast with the existing literature, it looked directly at the citations of the faculty members as a measure of their academic performance.	5
URL mentions are more stable, but they may present atypical points due to some shortcomings, the effect of which is that URL mentions do not have the same meaning as inlinks.	4
Therefore, we defined an active center of excellence in TE research as having at least three affiliated researchers who each have at least two articles, identified by searching 12 base journals for the keywords technology AND entrepreneurship in all fields over the last six years, identified through the WoS database.	3
We included only papers from the natural sciences in our study (using the OECD field categorization scheme on the major code level) for the following reasons: (1) we expect differences in the results between (i) natural sciences and (ii) social sciences and humanities.	2
From 2005 to 2014, NIH funding increased 24.3%, to $54,608,264 (p = 0.030), but the rates of increase seen did not differ significantly from those of NIH extramural research funding as a whole (p = 0.141).	4
Results suggest that the network structure of collaboration and of shared language at this university was organized by a continuous process of clustering and centralization on social and intellectual bridges.	5
TR Total records, TC total citations, RC references cited; Source Author’s computations from data retrieved from WoS and Scopus database	0
Downloaded from ssc.sagepub.com at WESTERN OREGON UNIVERSITY on May 24, 2015 597	0
In line with the above, we want to emphasize that the objective of this contribution is to identify, through a science mapping the most relevant structural aspects of the publications made in IJIMAI.	1
WoS bibliometric indicators (citations and IF) for all world publications in the years and SCs included in the dataset analyzed are retrieved from the University of Leiden CWTS WOSKB database, the CWTS version of Clarivate Analytics Web of Science database.	2
Downloaded by Kent State University At 00:47 05 November 2017 (PT)	0
For this, this study uses the VOSviewer Software [5].	3
Construct a topical scientific collaboration network for each topic.	3
The results show that international collaboration in the field of AI today is not prevalent (only 15.7%).	4
JIF correlated with recent bibliometric indicators like 5-year impact, H index, and SCImago factor but not with Eigenfactor.	4
Finally, we estimate the odds ratios of being involved in international research collaboration using an analytical linear logistic model.	3
This work focuses on the problem of detecting text reuse in scientific papers.	1
Figure 3 is a chart that shows the steady increase of academic journals at a rate of about 106.47%.	4
Acknowledgments The research for this article was funded by the Swedish Research Council through the framework grant Knowledge in a Digital World: Trust, Credibility and Relevance on the Web (Olsson, PI).	0
The people in the third category were dropped from our list of referees, unless there was a good reason for the delay.	0
For the 3 years analyzed, misconduct (47%) represents the majority of retractions in our dataset (n = 757).	4
The numbers in brackets are the ranks of the various subfields according to their sizes	0
Data from The Complete University Guide can illustrate these points since rankings from the overall indicator are strongly correlated with those from all the separate indicators with the exception of those relating to student satisfaction and facilities spend (Table 3).	2
This paper explores the contested politics of academic authenticity within the African research ecosystem, with particular reference to Nigeria.	1
Our analysis of SC among Russian doctorate holders (DH) is based on the data from the survey “Monitoring of the Labor Market for Highly Qualified R&D Personnel” conducted by the Institute for Statistical Studies and Economics of Knowledge, National Research University Higher School of Economics, Moscow.	2
The study recommends that academic libraries in institutions of higher learning in Africa should organize seminars periodically on the need for their librarians to research and publish in OA journals.	5
NOTE: This table shows the correlations between each pair of variables in the analysis.	0
We used Lin's concordance coefficient (pc), and its relative 95% confidence intervals (Lin 1989), to compare the real values with the estimated values for each research field.	3
Data on the OA status of references were retrieved from Unpaywall, a global, openly licenced publication database identifying the reading access status of around 50 million scientific publications [3].	2
5Note that the measures of concentration would be significantly higher if the cumulative number of articles were taken into account.	0
The research has shown that the TI value can identify interdisciplinary topic terms well, and it will be an efficient indicator for interdisciplinary analysis by being complementary to other methods.	5
As BSS researchers increasingly succeed in generating broadly relevant findings from cross-disciplinary science that account for the complexity of scientific and societal challenges and are made highly accessible to key stakeholders, we increase our capacity and the capacity of the broader scientific community to regularly produce new discoveries, translations, and applications through the integration of BSS.	4
“All citations rankings are useful, but some are more useful than others.”	0
A pre-print analysis of the results found that: '40 per cent found OA research quite useful and 30 per cent extremely useful' (ibid.), and that: Of those who had published in an OA journal, 31 per cent had published only in journals that had charged an Article Processing Charge (APC), 29 per cent had only published in journals that did not charge an APC, and 40 per cent had published in a mixture of APC and non-APC OA journals.	4
The Kruskal-Wallis test and the Mann-Whitney test were used to detect differences between regions.	3
It remains largely unknown what factors impact the research productivity of residency programs.	1
The Scopus subject categories were chosen as a basis from which to systematically select journals from a large range of fields.	2
Each score j is calculated as a net count of all relevant word or word-phrases in document i divided by the total number of relevant words: (1) Ziaj = (∑ciaj— Etiaj )/ ∑(Ciaj+tiaj ), j=1, ..., 3, where Ziaj is the net score for article i by author a along criterion j.	3
Pearson's contingency tables and Chi-square tests (p < 0.05) and Wilcoxon signed rank test were performed by the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences for Windows, version 25.0 (IBM Corp., Armonk, NY).	3
We created a new scale to measure individual exploration (exploitation) behavior.	3
Our data source is WoS, provided by Clarivate.	2
This study focuses on the ranking of computer science doctoral programs in the United States.	1
We use the invariant method of Pinski and Narin to rank the journals.	3
Second, to describe the use of all URLs in patents as online resource references, driven by the following research questions (RQs): RQ1.	1
This study aimed to provide a comprehensive overview of the NLP-enhanced clinical trial research.	1
Results show that research consortia determine a significant part of the bibliometric visibility.	4
For each subject area, universities and research-focused institutions worldwide, were selected in the SCImago Institutions Ranking, with at least 500 papers in the publication period (i.e.	2
Our data shows that certain units, such as Broomfield and the Royal Free Hospitals, have consistently maintained high academic outputs throughout the last 60 years.	5
[Color figure can be viewed in the online version, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Her research interests are applied statistics, computational statistics, data analysis and data mining.	0
We measured the degree of cooperation using the rate of collaboration, the simplest and most direct indicator that could describe the general status of cooperation preliminarily.	3
The results show that 526 articles were published in the period, adding up to 2525 authorships, with 711 authors being professors of Stricto Sensu Graduate Programs recognized by CAPES, of which, excluding redundancies, 577 linkages were obtained, in the three colleges, in eight of the nine major areas (88.88%) and in 33 of the 49 CAPES areas (67.34%).	4
No matter what the form is, the ultimate goal of mentorship is to enhance the personal and professional development of protégés (Chao 1997).	0
1 We are indebted to an anonymous referee for this definition.	0
Note: PLOS Clinical Trials was merged in August 2007 with PLOS ONE.	0
The BRICS nations should explore the possibility of expanding research collaboration, particularly in issues and areas of common interest.	5
This situation was uncommon and did not greatly impact the document counts.	0
Our evidence indicates that there are small-world characteristics in all three networks in our dataset: the networks of authors, institutions and countries (Table 5).	4
Low reliability and credibility of preprints, sharing results before peer review and premature media coverage are the most significant concerns about preprinting, emphasized in particular by respondents in the life and health sciences.	4
Since the 1960s, group B streptococci (GBS) have lost genetic diversity, yet they cause more virulent neonatal infections and	1
This study will use cross-sectional quantitative and qualitative mixed methods design.	3
The Appendix provides a more complete description of the sources of our indicators.	0
Are the new national subject-based citation impact estimation methods precise enough to reliably differentiate between major research nations for recent years within individual subjects?	1
Difference between manually calculated (including pre-1995 publications) and automated (including only post-1995 publications) h-index values by academic rank (Kruskal-Wallis, P < 0.0001).	0
It is also recommended that 132 subcategories be moved to 40 subcategories and that eight categories be moved to two categories as a result of the related connection optimization.	4
The proximity of terms can be interpreted as an indication of the similarity of the context in which they occur.	0
Out of the almost 12 million full-text publications on the eLIBRARY.RU platform, more than 3.8 million scientific articles were selected for analysis.	2
This dataset of the 2006-10 Italian scientific production (articles, reviews, proceeding papers, letters) in the hard sciences consists of roughly 260,000 publications, authored by public research organizations located in 101 out of the total 110 provinces.	2
Dr von Elm is now with the Department of Social and Preventive Medicine, University of Bern, Bern, Switzerland; and Mrs Poglia is now with the Department of Psychiatry, Geneva University Hospitals, Geneva, Switzerland.	0
The top participating countries are found to be the USA, China, and India in terms of total citations till the date of data collection.	4
The group of education experts showed great interest in the core concepts of the revised curriculum and its implementation, focusing on abstract theories, whereas the public showed greater interest in practical problems and the outcomes of the revision rather than the process of revision of the curriculum.	5
Principal component analysis revealed the presence of 2 main components or dimensions with eigenvalues exceeding 1, explaining 58 % of the total variance.	4
Throughout the text, data from Hungary, which are similar to data from elsewhere, supplement the argument.	2
Our aim was to determine radiology publisher market-share, access type, geographic distribution and relative research impact in order to better understand the traditionally opaque realm of academic publishing.	1
Year selection was from 1997 to 2009 because the JCR database was available for that period only.	2
Some publications belong to more than one subject category, and if these subject categories do not belong to the same field, we selected the first field.	0
Far ahead of the others were the United States and China, each of them producing more than 5,000.	4
Herein, I explore opportunities to shift our perspectives and practices from combative to collective, from competitive to collaborative.	1
Comparisons between a prior RPYS on a publication set compiled using a keyword-based search in a controlled vocabulary and three different co-citation RPYS analyses show very similar results.	4
The goal of this study is to assess the predictive power of a model based on bibliometric indicators for the results of academic openings at the level of Associado and Catedrático at Portuguese universities.	1
Mellon Foundation, which is the source of many information technology grants.	0
We observed that at most half of the pairs identified by the content-based metrics were also identified by the citation-based metrics (and vice versa).	5
Data from "Country search" was collected for 15 former Soviet Union Republics (Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Estonia, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Moldova, Russia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, and Uzbekistan).	2
The same texts are circulated between hijacked journals and between hijacked and predatory journals.	5
From the dataset, we have identified two distinct types of interdisciplinary topics in LIS.	4
All statistical analyses described in this section were conducted using SPSS 21.0.	0
This study has three primary objectives: (1) to conduct a comprehensive analysis and quantification of the volume of papers downloaded by Egyptian researchers from Sci-Hub; (2) to evaluate the accessibility of the downloaded papers within the EKB platform; and (3) to provide support to the EKB administration in the strategic curation of a pertinent collection of electronic resources tailored to meet the specific research needs of the Egyptian academic community.	1
Academic dermatologists had a median mean RCR of 1.12 (interquartile range/IQR 0.65–1.73) and a median weighted RCR of 18.89 (IQR 4.67–62.18).	4
Results show that the evolution of a major topic usually follows a pattern from adjusting status to mature status, and sometimes with re-adjusting status in between the evolving process.	4
In most of the analyses, China is an outlier with enormous number of researchers, peer reviewers, publications and verified reviews.	5
In a typical year, this institute might have 100 research projects under way, of which only about 10% are 'new'.	0
The data for the study consists of publications from Cuban science system in Natural Sciences indexed in WOS database between 1975 and 2005, inclusive.	2
As shown in Figure 4, Business has the highest median sentiment score (0.25).	4
2013), by employing the extensity centrality-Newman in the inventor-author network, we can not only identify which academic-inventors act as bridging roles, but also rank the importance of these nodes according to their collaborative relationship distribution in the network.	5
A number of mathematicians have, in general terms and through examples, described the major role of inductive reasoning in mathematical discovery (e.g., Polya 1954; Epstein and Levy 1995; Borwein and Bailey 2003; Mazur 2014; S?rensen 2016).	4
Keywords Peer review · Editorial process · Publishing · Submissions analysis · Editor workload	0
It analyzes the characteristics of each type of comment (delay, number of posts), disciplinary differences, and the most relevant profiles in the network.	1
This amounts to a total of 1976 (out of the 11,700) individuals for whom we consider their academic production over a 9-year window which starts 2 years before the completion of their terminal degree, and ends 6 years after that.	2
Overall, wide-scoped conferences tend to be less introvert than narrow-scoped ones.	4
We confirmed that publishing in OA provides some advantage over paid access in terms of the number of citations gathered by given publication.	4
We discuss model specification in greater detail in the next section.	0
For feature selection, three different methods were adopted, including mutual information (MI), Chi-square test and F-test.	3
This indicates that the citing behavior of researchers in different disciplines may be similar in citing a specific publication in some instances, but some subtle changes in citation behavior have appeared over time.	5
This work provides some evidence to inform policy to prevent future research from being published in predatory journals.	5
The existence of this triangular relationship between gender, collaboration behavior and research performance, has prompted the authors to check whether gender matters in the collaboration behavior of top performers, as a natural sequel of the authors' previous empirical studies on these interrelated topics.	5
As seen in Table III, strong relationships between network-based metrics and citation-based journal impact factors exist.	4
There was a statistically significant difference in the proportion of articles classified as interdisciplinary between method 1 and 3 (P < .001) and between method 2 and 3 (P < .001).	4
Finally, the combination of different sets was explored to determine which was the optimum approach for a comprehensive collection of CIBER publications and to what extent the bibliometric results may change depending on the search strategy used.	3
I have analyzed a sample of 32 bibliometric studies published in 2016 that meet two criteria: (1) having publication and citation indicators as part of the method and result sections, and (2) arguing explicitly for the choices of counting methods.	2
A Spearman correlation was employed to test the frequency library use, using a scale from zero (never) to three (Weekly or more often), which is considered an ordinal variable.	3
James Morris, Marriage and Family Therapy Program, Box 41210, Lubbock, Texas, 79409-1210, USA; E-mail: james.morris@ttu.edu	0
Analysis of Web of Science's records shows that the publication has increased in volume and collaborations between authors, and has become more international.	1
My argument in this article is primarily based on archival data analysis and in-depth interviews with thirty-one life scientists in two Chinese universities: an elite university and a provincial university.	2
The first hypothesis predicted that a measure incorporating the authorship and quantity dimensions of SP (number of first author publications) would correlate significantly better with scholarly preeminence measured at both the group and individual levels than a measure of the quantity dimension alone (total number of publications).	1
This article aims to shed light on different possibilities of sharing costs for the publication in APC-based journals and compares the financial effects between them on the level of institutions.	1
Participants completed a survey based measure of motivational sources and self-report research performance evaluation.	3
This study proved that it was possible to develop a content-based citation analysis approach using the semantic and syntactic features in high-volume texts, along with the significant machine-learning achievements that can be obtained from text categorization algorithms.	5
A total of 55 PQ from the CNPq were identified in the area of knowledge of Physical Therapy and Occupational Therapy, being 81.8% from the Southeast region of Brazil.	4
Table 1 shows a series of distributions chosen strategically so that C = 400 and P</METRIC> = 20.	4
In response to this call, we provide a praxeological study, asking: Which values of 'good science' do forest policy researchers enact, and how can dispositions reflected in their practice be explained?	1
Although no clear relationship was identified between research performance and scientific contribution, research productivity had a weaker association with scientific contribution than did research influence.	5
Childbearing and maternity leaves do not account for the remaining gap in research evaluation.	4
We are interested in investigating whether and to what extent universities scientific production is homogenous across geographical macro-areas (North, Centre and South).	1
These information diffusion simulations show that ideas that originate at more prestigious universities tend to spread farther (larger epidemic size) than those originating at less prestigious universities, for ideas of similar quality (Fig.	4
The second database is the Norwegian Science Index (NSI), a subset of the Current Research Information System in Norway (Cristin), with complete coverage of all peer-reviewed scientific and scholarly publication outputs since 2010, including books, edited volumes, and conference series (Sivertsen, 2018).	2
In order to map the processes, a literature network analysis was made through Cytoscape and semantic analysis was performed by GOPubmed which is based in the controlled vocabularies MeSH (Medical Subject Headings) and GO (Gene Ontology).	3
Predatory publishers are particularly prevalent among those whose journals are indexed in DOAJ.	5
The hypothesis was that highly cited articles would correlate positively with levels of evidence and Altmetric scores (AS) and rank.	1
More specifically, for the case of k = 2 clusters, the tier placement of conferences based on CCA agrees for 7 out of 9 conferences with the tier placement based on the rankings.	4
Here we collected information about authors, date of publication, and research fields of 1,456,403 arXiv articles until 2018 (see Methods section and Fig 1a).	2
THIS STUDY WAS SUPPORTED BY GRANTS FROM RESEARCH TO PREVENT BLINDNESS, INC, NEW YORK, NEW YORK, AND SID W.	0
In comparing the location of the "DNA Repair" papers published during two times periods (1965–1975 and 2006–2008) from 30 years out, we will try to show the spatial spread of the DNA Repair community and its evolution over time, insisting on the influence of the past over the present situation.	1
Specifically, we examine how the premature death of 452 eminent scientists alter the vitality (measured by publication rates and funding flows) of subfields in which they actively published in the years immediately preceding their passing, compared to matched control subfields.	1
This raises the possibility that information may be ignored due to linguistic and geographic barriers and this should be taken into account in the development of the global web.	0
We aimed to study and analyse the global research output related to date palm based on a fact of its large consumption and production in Middle East.	1
First, results show the United States as the dominant geography when envisioning the scientific strategic lines of most journals.	5
A process should also be outlined to resolve authorship disputes.	5
The second method draws scatter diagram to explore the correlation.	3
Chemistry and the non-medical life sciences have misconduct-motivated retraction rates similar to medicine, when the figures are adjusted for the size of the published literature and the "repeat offender" articles are discarded as outliers.	5
The details of the new scheme are described in the Methodology section.	0
(3) Expert organizations invest in the improvement of WoS citation data, and set technical standards with regards to data quality.	4
We contend that a researcher can be considered resourceful if he or she, through published works, has reviewed many works in the literature search space and if a large proportion of these reviewed works are deemed prominent.	1
We observe that firms’ patenting activities is heavier in the USPTO than in the EPO.	4
The data in Table 4 confirm a greater degree of concordance between the bibliometric scores and the benchmark than between the peer review scores and the benchmark.	4
Each first author's research productivity was evaluated utilizing the relative citation ratio (RCR), a field-normalized metric that assesses the research impact of PubMed-indexed articles published from 1980 to the present.	3
Plain Language Summary Impact Factors (IFs) continue to be very frequently used to evaluate researchers' publication records.	0
Query terms were used to identify two emerging areas within nanotechnology.	3
The research design calculated the numerical prevalence (as a percentage) and average citation impact (compared to overall average citation impact) of interviews, case studies, focus groups and ethnography in each Scopus broad field between 1996 and 2019.	3
China already leads many countries in some measures of GDP, scientific paper production, researchers, plus high technology manufacturing and exports.	4
In conclusion, the findings of this study demonstrate that six novel bibliometric indices provide robust, though variable, measures of author academic output and profile, in addition to the ubiquitous h-index [10, 27].	5
Based on a review of these other institutions' policies, the working group initially decided to model our policy after Harvard's Open Access Policy, which passed unanimously in 2008 and has served as the basis for many other institutions' open access policies.	3
We focus on the role of authors' country of origin: in particular, China, as one of the largest contributors to the platform and a powerhouse of modern science, in the allocation of attention.	1
Overall, the weighted average JIFs of the top-used journals is much higher on average (33.88) than the weighted average JIF of the top-journals published- in (10.02).	4
The results of the MANOVA (type II, with Pillai test, which is more robust against violations of assumptions) indicated that there were statistically significant differences in the use of various theories among the 5 ordered categories created by ARWU (i.e., 1-thru-100, 101-thru-200, 201-thru-300, 301-thru-400, and 401-thru-500).	4
They were obtained from Scimago (www.scimagojr.com), an online platform informed by the Scopus database, which lists indexed international peer-reviewed literature, providing wide coverage of journals from all fields of knowledge.	2
The “Institute of Plant Protection" emerges as a prominent organization with 33 documents, an impressive 845 citations, and a substantial total link strength of 46, underlining its significant influence in both academic and online spheres.	4
Lastly, closeness centrality is based on shortest paths and is defined as the range of collaboration in terms of connected nodes.	3
In conclusion, the field of foot and ankle surgical research has increased over the past 10 years.	5
The query for our search was: “AFFILCOUNTRY (Jordan) AND DOCTYPE (ar OR re) AND PUB- YEAR > 2007 AND PUBYEAR < 2018 AND (LIMIT-TO (SRCTYPE, “j”))”.	2
The two institutions whose doctoral graduates contributed the most articles are Stanford (103 distributed and 50.5 shared articles) and MIT (100 distributed and 42.8 shared articles).	4
In total, 60 of the 65 PhD training institutions (excluding the ego institutions) in the faculty-hiring networks were also part of the collaboration networks.	4
Beginning from the raw data of Italian publications indexed in WoS, we first extrapolate the top 10 percent by citations in each year and subject category.	2
The ratio of a country's percentage of references in its own publications to its world share of publications is called national RPR, noted NRPR.	3
Because of the limitations of automatically calculated h-index scores, it is recommended to use robust methods of authentication of a researcher’s publications – such as thorough citation analysis based on the individuals curriculum vitae – when using the h-index for decisions regarding tenure and promotion.	5
The above-model offers several predictions, some of which are summarized below:	0
Nicholas Carleton, PhD, Department of Psychology, University of Regina, 3737 Wascana Parkway, Regina, SK S4S0A2.	0
A data visualization software, visualization of similarities (VOS) viewer, was used to map the bibliographic material.	3
We recommend the creation of individual bibliometric profiles to better compare the academic productivity of neurosurgeons.	5
It turns out that the differences can be explained largely by the fact that in the case of full counting a small number of publications that have been co-authored by a large number of universities have a very strong effect on the co-authorship network.	4
We conclude that despite striking improvements in digital technology in recent years, remote teams are less likely to integrate the knowledge of their members to produce new, disruptive ideas.	1
As a front end to the GoogleScholar citation database, PoP permits any academic journal to, in principle, be ranked through a single software mechanism.	2
Table 1 Overview of conducted interviews (in brackets: number of interviews from the secondary study)	0
The tropical countries of Central America and Asia have a few similarities but also important differences, and both are highly heterogeneous in scientific organization and productivity.	4
As Large (1983) has pointed out, the foreign language barrier is probably among the largest impediments to the free flow and transfer of information, along with illiteracy, censorship, volume and physical availability.	0
Using Qualtrics and its branching and skip-logic features, the authors designed a series of questions to identify if the library professional had ever, was currently, or was planning to seek a research collaborator.	3
In the end, among 83,634,210 documents of WOS literature, 12,010,102 papers that satisfied the above conditions were included as our analysis targets.	2
We suggest that there is a need for consensus about errata reporting and uniformity in format.	5
1b we draw the case for n = 3 where we can choose the free parameters, namely the slope A and the three coefficients B1, B2, B3, to satisfy a given density distribution (fraction of the total number of papers in Q) in the four sub regions that are thus identified.	0
The following WoS citation databases were applied: SCI-EXPANDED, SSCI, CPCI-S, CPCI– SSH.	2
The results showed that both the number and quality of published papers from China, Japan and Korea had greatly improved.	5
In conclusion, this study helps scientists master the trends of TNBC research.	5
A regression analysis was performed to analyze the association between scientific performance and modified h-index of countries and the GDP per capita as well as the population count, assuming a correlation between high-performing countries and both high financial resources and high population count.	3
To supplement the statistical analyses we conducted interviews with 12 administrators at six of the subsample universities.	3
However, our analysis shows that Taiwan's medical schools have lower-than-average citation counts despite a competitive rank in the number of publications.	4
So, unlike RA, RB has hardly any work outside of the large network with SB: only 4% of the papers and 14% of the topics are without SB.	4
Our work provides a literature analysis of the research for the COVID-19 study by showing the prevalent research topics, trends, and similarity network based on the topic modeling technique.	5
The results also cast a shadow of doubt on the soundness of the bucket classification of journals.	5
Experiments are conducted on an ACL dataset, and the results demonstrate that our method greatly outperforms state-of-the art competitors in improving ranking effectiveness of papers, authors and venues, as well as in being robust against malicious manipulation of citations.	4
There were nine American institutes and one Swedish institute in the top 10 institutes.	4
The purpose of this paper is to analyze collaboration networks and their patterns among Higher Education Institutions (HEIs) in Chile and the Latin American region.	1
We found clear evidence that collaborators do suffer consequences arising from their colleagues’ misconduct and that fraud has more consequences than errors.	5
A topic search strategy was used to search the Web of Science Core Collection database.	2
This study investigates the role of non-scientific attributes alongside quality scores from peer review in determining scholarly impact.	1
The goal of this paper is to quantitatively determine the CS publication practices in Argentina, their evolution over time and their relative impact.	1
The time range of the search was 1957 to 2014.	2
A majority of authors were from high- and low-middle-income countries.	4
Review is a very effective way of learning, but we should refrain from requiring a scholar to excessively increase their peer-review workload to gain more review experience to improve their competence as a reviewer.	0
With this sample, we analyzed the production in general, the scientific production in scientific disciplines, and production in collaboration with its strategic countries in science and technology, without forgetting the variables of the citations received from Scival as a parameter of impact on research.	1
The second group includes all social related scientific journals covered in both the SSCI and Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) databases.	2
Data for constructing the model come from two different sources: The World Bank (WB) dataset1 and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) dataset.2	2
Supplementary Information The online version contains supplementary material available at https://doi.org/10.1007/s11192-024-05044-w.	0
On average 27% of articles published were not cited; however 47% of the articles not cited were published in 2017.	4
All 2005-2008 MD graduates from all eight Dutch university medical centres were included in the study.	2
The main advantages that international academic collaboration brought to the Cuban science system in Natural Sciences were overcoming languages barriers, getting articles published in top-tier journals (Quartiles 1 and 2), raising article influence in Natural Sciences research and most importantly developing its human capital to do basic research on mainstream topics.	5
The first part covers the sub-products “Social Sciences and Humanities Proceedings” and the “Scientific and Technical Proceedings" and will be compositely addressed by the term CPCI in the following.	2
Our findings suggest that the PBRF's stated objective of increasing average research quality has not been achieved.	5
The following case study describes our use of microinteractions as a user-testing approach for libraries and discusses what we learned as a result.	1
Received August 5, 2014; revised September 6, 2014; accepted September 7, 2014	0
All the NA and WE institutions within our set show Q1 share above 40% with NI higher than average, while all Chinese cases show low Q1 share and NI up to world average (actually, only Peking University shows NI = 1.1, slightly over average).	4
Its last half-life (JCR-Journal Citation Reports, 2011) was 8.2 years, whereas the aggregated citing half-life for the category “Psychology, Multidisciplinary" in which PS is included was 9.5, that is, a little over a year older.	4
We have profiled all retracted articles in terms of year of retraction, author(s), year published, number of Google Scholar citations, journal involved, journal impact factor (JIF), journal Scimago quartile classification (Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4), and the principal reason for retraction.	3
Clinical trials, supported research, and research of broader scope produced articles with more authors, while review articles credited fewer; and more popular journals published higher-authorship articles.	4
The proposed approach simply computes the Euclidean norm for the corresponding list of w-index scores.	3
The resident was first author in 36 (75.0%) publications.	4
Chen from Drexel University designed the visualisation software CiteSpace II, which is written in Java and can be used to analyse multiple-perspective co-citation networks to identify and display new trends in scientific development based on a large number of scientific studies (9).	3
The main goal of this study is to provide a thorough analysis of publications in the higher education field in the post-Soviet countries, from the fall of the Soviet Union until today.	1
In the appendix, we plot the distribution of these lags across awards.	0
It is always the subject with the largest vocabulary, as shown in Table 1, that loans more words to the other subject than vice versa.	4
Therefore, the whole research of OA in China should integrate theory (as basis), technology (as support) and practical researches (as core).	5
We mapped the key Nobel prize-related publication of each laureate awarded the Nobel Prize between 1995 and 2017.	2
For journals assigned multiple subject categories, we decided to use the best performing quartile ranking.	3
Sample II: Protégés of Future Prizewinning Mentors who graduate at least 10 years before Mentor’s prize year	0
The search was carried out using the advanced search engine of PubMed indicating <Cuba> in the affiliation field.	2
This table reveals that the number and percentage of articles on open access journals were highest in 2016, namely 20 (17.39%), and the number and percentage of articles on open access journals were lowest from 1993 to 2002, namely 0 (0%) every year.	4
Table 2: The Characteristics of the Medical Scientific Maps Drawn for 2003-2007	0
Altmetric score was calculated using the “Altmetric it” online tool.	3
In addition, the polarization coefficient of the opinions of GUR developers is calculated: yit = max{xijt} – min{xijt}.	3
The articles produced by the different projects were retrieved from Clarivate Analytics Web of Science (WoS)—‘Core Collection’ and Science, Social Sciences and Arts & Humanities Citation Indexes (SCI, SSCI, AHCI, and ESCI) databases.	2
We find that the diverse dimensions of IDR (Variety, Balance, and Disparity) have a different effect on the reputation of a scholar and on her contribution to societal research.	4
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/2398-5348.htm	0
The figure illustrates that most of the variance in the share of poorly differentiated journals at the quartile boundaries seems to be explained by the overall share of non-meaningful pairwise differences.	4
In this work we specifically wish to analyze the potential inefficiencies in the institutional process of selecting “best products” to submit for evaluation.	1
Less than half of the top 100 highly cited publications in Ambio did not lie within the high impact in most the recent year of 2019.	4
After elimination of duplicate records; a total of 628 records remained.	2
According to the keyword clustering map produced by semantic network analysis, two fields, bibliometrics and health communication, were publishing research papers related to COVID-19 most actively.	3
This suggests that intellectual, social, and resource barriers impede entry into new subfields, with outsiders only entering subfields that offer a less hostile landscape for the support and acceptance of "foreign" ideas.	5
All the research and innovation-producing types of documents should be taken into account in research evaluation.	5
Where:Y: is the variable that represents economic growth,F: is the variable that represents the research output,X: is the matrix of all control variables and u is the error term.	0
Together, United States and China account for about 41% of total retractions, with 376 and 283 retracted papers, respectively.	4
We find that the increasing trend of the relative number of SBs comes to an end around 1998.	4
It has been argued that collaboration brings about knowledge of greater quality and enhances its validity, contributing thus to propositions of higher authority.	4
Note: Altmetric IDs 10068074 and 2939857 are publications without DOI registered.	0
The results showed that, although the annual publication volume decreased slightly in the last two years, the annual citations continued to rise.	4
Two-way fixed effects negative binomial models are used to test the relationship between citing HS knowledge and the citation HSS received.	3
Fewer studies derived from the United States/Canada and European Union countries.	4
A co-word analysis of more than 135,000 scholarly publications on Buddhism was conducted to compare the intellectual structure of Buddhist studies in three language communities, Chinese, English and Japanese, over two periods (1957–1986 and 1987–2016).	2
The binomial analysis revealed that in ethnobiology (as a subfield) and in ethnozoology, there is insularity because these areas had a higher proportion of national citations and a smaller proportion of international citations than expected.	5
Bibliographic coupling analysis groups IJLM articles into eight bibliographic clusters while network analysis exposes the thematic layout of IJLM articles.	3
One group was the empirical data from three fields, and the other group was a collection of simulated co-word networks with different scales and other structural features.	3
However, publications from lower-income countries have seen a higher growth rate of OA-based references, suggesting that the emergence of OA publishing has been particularly advantageous to researchers in these countries.	4
This paper contributes to the design of knowledge exchange communities by highlighting the opportunities and challenges arising from explicit reputation-based reward systems, specifically the opportunities for manipulation.	5
Following the spirit of Baffes and Vamvakidis (2011), this study estimates the following panel regression equation for the period 1901–2008 for all three sciences, as well as by discipline:	3
A busca na Web of Science resultou em 6.417 artigos de autores vinculados às institui??es brasileiras e chinesas, respectivamente, 2005 e 4.412, sendo 29,5% da publica??o brasileira em inglês, e a maioria da chinesa (99,9%).	2
Third, I describe the league table metaphor that links the conceptual domain of team sports and the conceptual domain of universities and suggest how it shapes extra-academic actors' understanding of the results of university rankings.	3
In addition, compared with z index, and based on an improved Zas-index model of topic-author-citation three-dimensional relationship, some outstanding scholars who are engaged in small-scale or emerging topic research, such as female sports, sports bibliometrics, can be identified to create an objective and fair evaluation environment for outstanding talents in different research fields; and because of its comprehensive, multidimensional and highly differentiated characteristics, the sorting ability of Zas index in evaluating talents is the strongest, and it is expected to be popularized in the actual evaluation work (Chui and Shen, 2019).	5
The aims of this study were first to determine if interdisciplinary collaborations have increased at our university over time, and second to compare the Scopus classification of an article as UDR or IDR (method 1) with corresponding authors' (CAs') perception of the disciplines involved in their research (method 2), and with their description of their research as “unidisciplinary” or “interdisciplinary” (method 3).	1
This subsection compares cumulative citation counts (measured as of 2018) of articles published in the T5 and those published in 25 non-T5 journals over the ten year period 2000-2010.	3
On the author’s side, Smarandache F., from the USA, and Zhang X.	4
The methods referred here are not comprehensive, but could be seen as representative of current approaches.	0
As usual, problems of this kind are solved backwards, starting with the researcher's problem.	0
This work was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China under Grant nos.	0
Articles assigned to the copyediting group were those published between January 1, 2005, and September 21, 2012, and used an internal (school of nursing) copyediting service.	2
Among projects, there was considerable variation in publication types and outputs (including academic papers, magazine articles, policy reports, books, and book chapters), and projects produced, on average, 10 publications at a funded-dollar cost of AU$41,000 per publication.	4
Figure 2 shows the overall number of citations as a function of the years, in which the citing papers of Keeling's publications were published.	0
For this reason, the present study set out to identify and perform bibliometric analysis of the 100 most-cited articles in the field of orthodontics, indexed in the Web of Science Category of "Dental, Oral Surgery, and Medicine” from 1946 to 2016.	1
The experiment results show that our models are more general and accurate than benchmarks.	4
In this paper, an analysis of research output in ORL-HNS in Australia and worldwide between 2008 and 2018 was conducted and then adjusted for the number of specialist surgeons in each country.	1
The indicator MHRR captures the notion that MHq was originally intended to measure.	5
Positive ATP was low, meaning that plagiarism was refused.	4
After excluding all the above cases, the final dataset amounted to 7276 publications, as shown in Table 1.	2
I argue that the focus on OA makes us miss the bigger problem: today's scholarly communications is unaffordable with today's budgets.	1
The aim of this study is to suggest a new approach to the journal impact factor on a wider scale, i.e., from the viewpoint of citing journals.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 56(11):1217–1226, 2005	0
The first question is operationalized through checking the extent to which universities use variants of the three national PBRF indicators in the performance review and management frameworks for their academic staff.	3
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
Through bibliometric analysis, this study not only provides insights for constructing modern agricultural product cold chain logistics systems but also promotes the development of the fisheries industry.	5
In sum, the findings in this article broaden the way we think about the effect of research.	5
The average SJR and CiteScore for a journal that published one of the articles was 1.531 and 7.3 respectively.	4
To do so we will deal with the following questions: Has the ratio between publishing in CEE social science journals and non-CEE journals changed in the period 1996–2017?	1
According to the analysis of the total population of 192 articles for the period of 2004–2013, 67 articles or 19.8% were published during the first five years (2004–2008) while the remaining 125 articles were published during the second five years (2009-2013).	3
The algorithm with 66 % precision and 10% recall classifies the scientist in the category of Very Highly Cited class and with 22 % precision and 65 % recall classifies the scientist in the category of Highly Cited class.	4
The indexed articles in ISI/Thomson has risen from about 533 in 2002 to 3984 in 2010 this was similarly for PUBMED indexed paper 366 up to 3638, and for Scopus 733 up to 6546.	4
Analogously to the calculation of one individual's h-index, the modified h-index of a country is calculated as the number of papers h published by researchers in a specific country, that all have been cited at least h times.	3
It reveals a noticeable increase in interdisciplinarity during the knowledge integration stage.	4
We therefore use their decimal logarithms to estimate correlations.	3
This study aims to answer the following research questions:	1
Instead of asking people the value of o they prefer (which may involve some degree of technicality), that is, they think best reflects the relative importance of depth versus width in citation profiles, the survey asks respondents to consider different pairs of profiles.	3
(2) Given a choice, people are less likely to submit a scientific paper during the calendar event and, consequently, calendar may play some part in that decision as a whole.	5
The present study contributes to existing research and is the first comprehensive study to analyse scientific collaboration in the field of strategic management between the US and European countries in the last twenty five years by utilising co-authors' affiliations in scientific journals as an indicator.	5
A total of 1,138,392 articles— 60,566 (5.3%) OA articles and 1,077,826 (94.7%) non-OA articles—published in 2009 are analysed.	2
The survey questionnaire was distributed to the academic researchers and library professionals from the selected universities and a semi-structured interview was conducted with the heads of the libraries together with their deputies to complement the first method.	3
A clear underrepresentation of low- to middle-income nations was observed in ophthalmology journals.	5
The study presented here identifies robust and time-invariant features that characterise dynamic and innovative research environments.	1
The word frequency ranking of each type of knowledge element is performed, and the top five knowledge elements are selected for display, as shown in Table 3.	0
To support surgeon-scientists in the future, additional efforts are needed to increase exposure of students and trainees to BSR, aid early investigators in achieving independence, improve success rates for sustained extramural funding, enhance mentorship networks, and reaffirm the concept that BSR is a valuable and worthwhile pursuit for academic surgeons.	5
RQ3: Does the previous success at gaining a grant differ by grant level?	1
What is the geographical distribution of Arab authors publishing in predatory journals?	1
This suggests that an easy-to-understand, informative title may help bridge the gap between academia and social media.	5
The dataset used in this study was accessed and downloaded from the American Physical Society (APS) on 30 May 2023 (Wang, Zhou & Zeng, 2023), then structured and analysed using Python 3.11.	2
The authors declare no conflicts of interest relevant to this topic.	0
What lowered the h-index for the Annals of Saudi Medicine which was 23 compared to the Saudi Medical Journal which was 30 is the large proportion of uncitable articles published in the Annals of Saudi Medicine compared to the Saudi Medical Journal.	4
This set includes the following contributions, as informed by authors: (i) analyzed the data, (ii) collected the data, (iii) conceived the experiments, (iv) performed the experiments, (v) wrote the paper, and (vi) revised the manuscript.	2
The written interview protocols were analyzed on a case-by-case basis according to the method of structural hermeneutics (Maiwald 2005; Wernet 2014).	3
We first derive the literal fame measure by dividing the name occurrence frequency by the yearly total word count.	3
Based on recent contributions to Historical Institutionalism it is shown how layering and displacement processes gradually have changed the funding system along a number of dimensions and thus how a series of minor adjustments over time has led to a transformation of the system as a whole.	1
Our findings confirm that field delineation is a complicated issue at both the quantitative and the qualitative level, even when experts validate results.	4
According to the help file of WoS all databases, at least four citation count related field tags are provided: TC (times cited from WoSCC), Z8 (times cited from Chinese Science Citation Database), ZB (times cited from BIOSIS Citation Index), and Z9 (times cited from all citation indexes under the WoS platform).	4
The findings can benefit those who develop collaboration strategies in firms and create government policies to nurture collaborations among business establishments.	1
Thus, our study is a detailed insightful analysis of the academic genealogy of researchers indexed in Shodhganga, and captures the decades-old research ecosystem of India, as expressed through the formal advisor-advisee relationships in Indian universities.	5
IF: impact factor according to the Web of Science platform, 2018	0
Article characteristics, as well as first and last author demographics, were collected through publicly-available web-based resources.	2
Here, we surveyed close to 6000 of the top cited authors in all science categories with a list of 25 research activities that we adapted from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) authorship guidelines.	1
Thirty-six OHNS journals with impact factors were identified.	2
The majority of articles originated from the United States (n = 56), were original articles (n = 81), covered normal population (n = 67), and used functional magnetic resonance imaging (n = 56).	4
The regions of the PFNets are labeled based on the cited authors' highly cited areas of research	0
We note that the horizontal axis also includes a value at -1, although size cannot be less than 0;	0
Article retraction was most common in the USA (26%), Japan (11%) and Germany (10%).	4
Publications that had any type of collaboration received an average of 6.79 citations as against 3.74 citations for non-collaborated single-authored publications.	4
Downloaded by University of Sussex Library At 22:23 20 June 2016 (PT)	0
The string comparison metric was changed to the Jaccard Measure, (1912) which computes a simple word overlap, ignoring word order.	3
To distinguish between clinical and basic journals, we use the CHI classification, which classifies SCI-indexed biomedical journals within one of four research levels: clinical observation (level 1), clinical mix (level 2), clinical research (level 3), or basic biomedical research (level 4).	3
In the proposed technique, features are retrieved using a convolutional neural network (CNN), and classification is performed using a voting classifier that combines Logistic Regression (LR) and Stochastic Gradient Descent (SGD).	3
In this case, it can be seen that only one theme was repeated in the three established time periods – “knowledge”.	4
Finally, the co-citation network for exploring the ground-breaking research is generated and the main co-citation clusters of TFS publications are discovered.	3
From the 949 listed fellows, we excluded those who were deceased or corresponding international fellows, leaving 581 ordinary and specially elected fellows.	2
The study has an important limitation which concerns the sample size on account of considering high-quality papers.	5
Due to the particular properties of the mathematical journals, the purpose of this article is (1) to analyse the properties of the mathematical publications and the consequences in research assessment; (2) to analyse the stability rate of the rank-normalized impact factor of mathematical journals, comparing it with the stability rate obtained for other lists of pure sciences: Applied Physics and Microbiology; and (3) finally, we propose an alternative index that we call 'mean cumulative impact factor' that better fits the special features of Mathematics.	1
Our hypothesis that researchers' own network centrality is positively correlated with future impact (H1) is partially supported— betweenness centrality shows its strength when it comes to long-term impact.	4
This study aims to find the factors positively correlated to the grades, and then use them to predict the grades and quality of dissertations.	1
This work was carried out while the author was a visiting professor at the Royal Institute of Technology (KTH) in Stockholm.	0
The CA identifies the United States</LOCATION> as the dominant research culture (upper left quadrant).	4
And temporal trend of keywords indicated nutrient and eutrophication is the hot topics and SWAT is widely accepted as the model to study water quality in the past 15 year.	4
This study extends existing literature by investigating organizational mechanisms that shape "cycles of credit" in science and local institutional logics of authorship practices.	1
We compute simple linear regressions to predict the share of recent references based on the number of references.	3
The associate editor coordinating the review of this manuscript and approving it for publication was Jolanta Mizera-Pietraszko	0
These aspects emphasize the importance of this study, aimed at knowing, from a bibliometric approach, the status of the academic production related to this disciplinary field in Latin America.	1
This type of network is called a membership network (Breiger, 1974), which ties groups that share individuals (i.e., a university represents a node in this network).	3
An international database of scientific publications, the Web of Science (WoS), was consulted to find the amount of Spanish output about open science.	2
All journals were compared regarding their 2014 IF, ES and SJR and correlations between indices were evaluated using Pearson correlation.	3
Correspondence to: Bo Yang, Room 614, 33# Beisihuan Xilu, Zhongguancun, Beijing, 100190, P.	0
Beall's List journals, and the works that cite them, may therefore occupy a niche that is underserved by other accounting journals.	5
This conceptual framework aims to articulate the study's underlying assumptions and connect the research questions with the data and the results.	0
The results suggest that academics, students, and teachers are a minority of SlideShare uploaders, especially since 2010, with most documents not being directly related to scholarship or teaching.	4
The first clustering theme is sentiment analysis, and the main keywords include sentiment analysis, social media, twitter, opinion mining, social network analysis, etc.	4
However, one of the articles was excluded because it was not related to the field of instructional design.	0
Following to Burrell (2002) we are going to assume that X = X; initially follows a Poisson distribution with mean θ ∈ Θ > 0.	3
This suggests that regulatory mechanisms are still necessary to promote participation in Rl education, and thus, core Rl education content should be made compulsory in research/academic institutions.	5
According to this analysis, CDC published the most research using BRFSS data (36.2%); however, academic institutions, particularly those hosting top-ranked schools of public health, also used BRFSS data to publish research (Table 3).	4
For publication classification, a supervised machine learning classifier based on support vector machines (SVM) was implemented to examine topics of publication within RIRE.	3
Descriptive statistics and inferential statistics were used as statistical tools to analyze quantitative and thematic analysis was used to analyze qualitative data.	3
We used the following query to extract target publications: (“artificial intelligence” OR “machine learning” OR “deep learning”).	2
We find that 98.8% of scientists moving from China to the U.S., and 96.0% of those moving from the U.S. to China have Asian ancestry.	4
The findings reveal that the level of BMB's interdisciplinarity has been increasing over time with a few fluctua- tions, indicating that BMB researchers increasingly cite more sources from outside their own discipline.	5
No monograph titles appeared in the bibliographies for all five books; six titles appeared in four of the five sample books.	4
Things changed in 2006 when graphene suddenly became the focus (>65% target literature, dark red circle) of a large micro-community in thread 462: bilayer graphene.	4
However, there is a lack of evidence in literature regarding which disciplines play dominant roles in interdisciplinary research settings.	1
The paper studies whether the foreign-educated professors more likely to work in public universities.	1
Topic maps of internationally collaborative work show the rise of patient care and public health clusters- two topics that were largely absent from coronavirus research in the two years prior to 2020.	4
2 shows, the People's Republic of (P.R.) China, the USA, and India were the three most important countries to publish academic achievements in the monsoon field of research.	4
The S-shaped distribution can be considered as a consequence of the two-exponent law.	5
index can identify highly productive scholars who publish in low-prestige journals by computing their contribution.	5
The study is confined to the scholarly literatures published in the Journal of Cryptology (ISSN: 0933-2790) over a decade of the present century i.e.	1
(1)) is one of the variables which are extremely difficult to quantify, but one of the core benefits of LHC.	4
To define research areas, we employ the Medical Subject Headings (MESH) controlled vocabulary of more than 20,000 terms.	2
In the next step, using Bradford's law3, 60 Keywords with a frequency of 310 and more were selected as the research sample for co-word analysis (comprising 25% of total frequencies).	3
In response to the survey, 81% engaged in research during their surgical residency, and 48% were mentored by a pediatric surgeon-scientist.	4
First, autonomy granted to PhD students under apprenticeship improves their long-term performance but decreases short-term performance.	4
Of the 88 veterinary school websites visited, 47 published recognisable forms of PRAs.	4
The correlation analysis computes the Spearman rank correlation coefficient for the cohort demeaned log metric of each author and their rank.	3
The highest value for citation by first author and year was 23.	0
To identify and analyze the 50 most-cited gastroenterology and hepatology articles originating from mainland China.	1
We explore whether this popularity is reflected in the visibility that researchers achieve and the collaborations they maintain in the publication domain.	1
Based on the norms and standards in social science and specific to communication, we argue that using a WFC procedure for author credit allocation can provide an additional method of analyzing publishing productivity.	5
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 646 times since 2008*	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ijau20	0
what are the disciplinary patterns of citation sentiment as demonstrated through journals' citances in which they were cited?	1
We expect that randomness will be particularly significant for evaluation exercises conducted at the level of individual scientists, but decreasing as the levels of analysis are increasingly aggregated (research groups, departments, universities).	1
Our results show academic journals grew at an average rate of 4.7 % from 1986 to 2013, which is very similar to the growth rate during the Big Science period observed in the previous study.	4
Bottom-row scatterplots with truncated y-axis for better visual inspection of the regression slopes	0
Since the LDA algorithm did not determine the number of desirable topics, the logarithmic (log) UMass Coherence criterion has been applied in the present study to determine the number of desirable topics [43].	3
There is no quantitative review of any trends in their study, so the purpose of this article is to review 150 years of onychophorology using bibliometric tools.	1
While predatory publishers can be easily spotted by inexperienced authors given the macro scale of their predatory practices such as mega and multiple journals and conferences, the case we present in this paper demonstrates that detecting and identifying predatory practices at a micro scale, i.e., at the journal level, may be a very difficult and time wasting or fruitless mission.	5
Our study assesses career progression and level of research commitment based on self-reporting of professional time allocated to research, as well as research funding and productivity for individuals who participated in the early years of the NIH CRTP and have fully completed their formal training, including professional school, a primary residency, and fellowships.	1
This left 18 Scopus categories out of the initial set of 25, each containing journal articles (excluding reviews and non-article documents) from all years from 2009 to 2015 (with partial coverage), as gathered in April and May 2015.	2
A sample of 312 articles divided in three subgroups of 104 top-cited articles for each decade were included.	2
We only found 788 publications with El Salvador authors in the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED) until 2015, mostly in English and about health, environment and agriculture.	4
Overall, there was an increase in the average number of articles published from 2010 (115.2 ± 52.2) to 2012 (134.7 ± 47.4).	4
"Related Work" reviews researches reported in literature, “Research Design" describes research structure, research data, and preprocessing procedure, “Methods and Results" discusses data gathering, data comparison, and result analysis, and "Conclusion" presents brief conclusions.	0
The proposed method consists of three parts as shown in Fig 1.	3
Regarding disciplinary areas, over half of respondents (n = 41) indicated that their research area links well to impact as it is applied.	4
The results additionally show how a subject category, for example Biology, can achieve different values within different research specialisations (compare the scores of Biology in Tables 4, 6 and 8).	4
DISCUSSION/SIGNIFICANCE OF IMPACT: Institutional support for Expanded Access requests within a large academic medical center is feasible and can increase access to investigational therapies bfor patients.	5
To reveal if these 100 articles were interlinked (i.e., citing one another), a citation network consisting of these interlinked articles was visualized by using VOSviewer (Van Eck and Waltman, 2009).	3
With its statistical underpinnings, the approach brings greater objectivity to the ranking of journals than prior approaches.	5
What are the application areas and research hotspots of nano-luminescent materials?	1
In addition, the findings of the study can be used to create the curriculum of the field.	5
To analyze key factors in scientific productivity in neurosciences in Latin America.	1
For the 286 subjects with the HSG score and Google Scholar h-index available, the Spearman correlation coefficient p was 0.1979 (P<.001), indicating a weak positive correlation between these two metrics.	4
Book reviews only accounted for 0.21% of all documents in SCIE over the past decade.	4
This is certainly consistent with the communication-modernization theory which allows that while all sciences will improve their communications over time, there will be significant variation across disciplines in the rate of development.	0
We use a Wilcoxon Rank Sum test of difference to evaluate the difference because the data are not normally distributed and the gender groups are independent samples.	3
This framework allows us to highlight two key effects or working dynamics – of metrics: they standardize perceptions and behaviours, and they re-shape identities.	3
The implication is that many senior ecologists recommended papers that they had not actually read, instead relying on the paper’s perceived reputation.	5
We identified the importance of the various subject themes of the most inwardly and outwardly influential publications by attaching a theme to each of the 679 most influential publications that we identified.	3
Foreign-born postdocs are found to have a higher success rate in landing prestigious academic placements than native postdocs.	5
All articles (n=7762) were manually reviewed and assigned an authoring specialty (plastic surgery, otolaryngology, dermatology, ophthalmology, maxillofacial surgery and others).	2
To create a research network diagram, we will use author information such as organizations to which authors are affiliated, nationalities of such organizations and co-authors from the same database and corpus used for creation of the academic landscape.	3
This article analyses the 10 citation-based journal ranking metrics reported by Harzing's (2007) Publish or Perish (PoP) software (http:// www.harzing.com/pop.htm) for 163 economics and finance journals.	1
Differences in the relationship among these metrics between journal and conference papers are also studied.	1
The in-house Scopus database maintained by the German Competence Centre for Bibliometrics (Scopus-KB), 2020 version, is used as the main resource of analyses.	2
Thus, so far, NDT has not registered any 'big misses', which was the problem faced by the three major league journals perused in Siler's analysis.	5
Jointly published by Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
To determine the median citation age for a review group, the publication dates of its references are listed in reverse chronological order.	3
To investigate the reliability of the review process in conservation biology we analyzed the reviews and editorial decisions for 4575 manuscripts submitted to the journal Biological Conservation between 2008 and 2014 for which the corresponding author was from a Chinese institution (institutions from Hong Kong and Taiwan were not included in this sample due to differences in the history of their universities and scientific organizations) or an institution in an English-speaking country (Australia, Canada, New Zealand, UK, or USA).	2
1010 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2014	0
The answer to the first research question is not surprising, since the increase in the relative share of the world's research from Africa has been previously noticed (Confraria and Godinho, 2015).	0
In the RIOC survey (response rate 85%; n = 70), early-stage researchers from the three university schools did not differ in their perceptions of the organizational research integrity climate, or in their perceived individual, group or organizational pressures.	4
There was a significant difference between IF and corrected IF among all journals (1.74 ± 1.04 vs 1.59 ± 0.98, P < 0.001).	4
He was a Deputy Minister for Institutional Competencies, Ministry for Research and Technology and has been a Secretary, Minister for Research and Technology in 2010.	0
Table 4 shows the institutional affiliations of the top Iranian authors in LIS.	0
This article offers a comprehensive plagiarism assessment rubric from a four-year study of analyzing students' plagiarism.	1
166 citing articles containing 198 references to source publications were published after the corresponding source article CRPI was published (range 1–5 such references/article; 19/166 (11%) articles had >1 reference).	4
We find that information science & library science (LIS) and computer science have many more papers using the three software tools than other disciplines, with 215 (45%) and 213 (44%) papers, respectively.	4
students performed their research within companies, but were fully financed by the Ministry of Education, Science and Sport.	0
Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) and non-MeSH terms were used to search the title field within the Web of Science (WoS) database for pediatric burns papers.	2
Our findings show a positive peer effect of the young returnee scientists.	5
This paper will advocate the notion that the full appraisal of processes occurring within socio-technical systems, top and foremost social cognition phenomena, requires (agent-based) modeling frameworks which jointly feature social structure and semantic characteristics; that is, socio-semantic frameworks.	1
The search query was performed in the WoS main collection, locating papers with the terms glass ceiling or roof ceiling in the title, abstract, or keyword fields.	2
How accurately can the current study's proposed method differentiate between each of three disciplines (i.e., philosophy, psychology, and physics) and the two other disciplines, combined?	1
The authors of this study believe that Eq.	5
Citation Cloud greatly enables the study of citations by the scientific community, including relatively advanced analyses (co-citations and bibliographic coupling) that cannot be undertaken using other available tools.	5
According to specialization, mean scores indicated that the faculty in the disciplines of basic and applied sciences had a stronger ATP than faculty from the disciplines of social sciences, education, and arts.	4
Furthermore, to balance our sample in terms of age, we also included two younger conferences, namely Working Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR), and International Working Conference on Source Code Analysis and Manipulation (SCAM).	2
We distributed surveys to individuals attending a professional meeting for earth scientists in 2015.	2
Professors received significantly higher adjusted scores than other academic rank groups across measures.	5
Journal impact factor was manually collected from the Journal Citation Reports of Clarivate Analytics, from which we used the two-year impact factor.	3
Our findings suggest that residents who invest substantial efforts in research are not compromised in their abilities to learn medicine and care for patients.	5
The invited participants were post-graduate students enrolled in the PhD program at the Faculty of Medicine, Karolinska Institutet (KI, Sweden), at the Faculty of Health Sciences (Department of Clinical Research and Department of Regional Health Research), University of Southern Denmark (SDU, Denmark), and at the Faculty of Medicine, University of Oslo (UiO, Norway).	2
Our empirical analysis revealed two dominant dispositions characterising habitus in FPR: first, an objectivistic understanding of scientificity and second, an affective orientation towards forest practice.	4
Among the 107 research areas the highest activity was found for the field of Business and Economics with n = 272 articles (average citation rate (AVR) of 12.54), followed by Psychology (n = 252 articles, AVR = 9.06), Psychiatry (n = 205 articles, AVR = 4.74) and Public, Environmental and Occupational Health (n = 145 articles, AVR = 7.96).	4
This poses questions about the extent to which China's scientist can continue the fecund association with their US counterparts, and China's potential for developing partnerships in other advanced systems, and/or the extent to which global engagement will continue to feed the evolution of China's science.	5
Motivated by these new challenges, this paper proposes a systematic methodology for topic analysis in scientific literature corpora to face the concerns of conducting post topic modeling analysis.	1
The database was searched using the keywords “severe traumatic brain injury” or “sTBI” or “severe TBI" for literatures.	2
Authors were considered African if any of their affiliations on any of their publications were located in Africa.	2
We searched for veterinary or veterinarian with any of the following terms: education, training, or learn by topic, and the time period was limited from 2000 to 2021.	2
This paper studies the gender productivity gap in biochemical and biophysical sciences in Argentina for the period 2011–2018.	1
2019), a questionnaire survey (see http://ciberresearch.eu/download/ECR-questionnaire-for-website-20191129.pdf) was developed, pilot tested, and distributed online via Survey Monkey and available in June 2019.	2
Second, although the average impact of OA journals is slightly lower than that of non-OA journals, the data indicate that this difference is gradually diminishing and tending to disappear.	5
What are the characteristics of the recommendation comments?	1
By using several novel sources of validation data for document clustering we were able to show that clustering based on citation relations benefits strongly from including peripheral citation relations, that is, citations to and from the document set to be clustered, from publications not themselves part of the clustered document set.	5
The 3 highest average attention scores were associated with the topics of Ethics/Professionalism (55.9), Cancer Rehabilitation (49.6), and Amputation (32.8).	4
The questionnaire includes multiple choice questions and ranking questions.	3
≥ an ≥ 0, where n is the number of all published papers of author A (in the considered database and years) and ai is the number of citations received by the i-th most cited paper.	3
Lastly, the third area of research revolves around the development of more efficient pharmaceutical forms.	5
We focus our analysis on the following 11 bibliographic items: journal title, article title, year, abstract, author keywords, index keywords, citations, Digital Object Identifier (DOI), Scopus' Electronic Identifier Document (EID), and International Standard Serial Number (ISSN).	2
University Knowledge Production We match the HEGIS/IPEDS data to the scientific output of universities from the NBER-Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Scientific Papers Database (NBER-RES) (Adams and Clemons 2008).	2
In this research, we gathered 907 scientific documents ranging from 2010 to 2019.	2
Using the Python package used in these previous studies, we computed readability scores for all applications and confidence intervals for the mean of each gender/funding status subgroup were computed using empirical likelihood.	3
As these analyses were exploratory and data-dependent, the observations we made in these analyses should be interpreted primarily as motivation for future work and not as support for statistically significant conclusions.	0
Through co-authoring, the existing scientific collaboration networks in a specific research area are evidenced (Rodríguez & Gómez, 2017).	3
Taking academicians of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Chinese Academy of Engineering as representatives of Chinese scientists, this study serves as supplement to the current research on college students [13], overseas students [14] and faculty members [67] as talent samples.	5
We found that the problems caused by predatory journals are rather limited and regional, and believe that the publishing volumes in such journals will cease growing in the near future.	5
6, the substantial drop in impact during the 1980s corresponds to a very sharp increase in the share of external funding in the same period.	4
In other words, higher education publication represents a more diverse variety of institutions than humanities publication.	5
First, as mentioned in previous sections, an impact factor considers only an entity's direct citations and ignores its indirect citations.	5
Web of Science (WOS) search within the Core Collection database (Clarivate Analytics 2018) was limited to the period 2003–2017 and document type Article, resulting in 12,819 items found for Nature and 12,004 items found for Science (excluding retracted).	2
and D.?.; data curation, E.B.; writing—original draft preparation, E.B.; writing— review and editing, E.B., R.R., D.?.	0
As regards AutLMs, a non-linear distribution in the data extracted from the three platforms (Google Scholar Citations, ResearchGate, and ImpactStory) has been found.	5
However, even with the newest guidelines, the way we credit authors in psychology remains anachronistic, intransparent, and prone to conflict.	4
A term map was created on the basis of a text corpus from title and abstract fields using ten as the minimum number of occurrences of a term.	3
Learned Publishing published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of ALPSP.	0
It can be applied to past and present papers regardless of the agreement of publishing houses.	5
Out of the 11 articles, 5 (45%) were published in the same journal (Economic Botany).	4
This was done by distributing a web-link for an online survey (google form) through WhatsApp social media mobile software.	2
Ultimately, we obtained a total of 630 pieces of data covering all of the above-mentioned variables.	2
Using a data-set of 1,006 scientists from Chinese State Key Laboratories, this study finds that recruiting young returnee scientists has a positive effect on the number of their peer's highly-cited articles.	1
Our study improves upon previous work conducted within other medical specialties because we utilized a multiple regression model that included all three independent variables—gender, degrees, and academic rank.	5
The higher the mean value, the more agreement with the statement.	0
For this study, we retrieved F1000Prime recommendation data (n?	2
Additionally, awards with high funding intensity are more susceptible to topic suggestions.	4
The concept of emergence is, of itself, both interesting and fraught with difficulty.	0
All artifacts (all forms of published documents) were harvested during May 2012 from the ISI WoS databases SCI-EXPANDED, SSCI, A&HCI, CPCI-S, and CPCI–SSH.	2
NO PART MAY BE REPRODUCED OR TRANSMITTED IN ANY FORM WITHOUT WRITTEN PERMISSION FROM THE PUBLISHER.	0
This scientometric analysis elucidates whether the success story of curare can be ascribed to single scientists like Alexander Humboldt alone or further factors being additionally accountable.	1
At the same time, large institutions offer an economy of scale: they grow faster and provide more collaboration opportunities compared to smaller institutions.	5
What are the main publication patterns of ERC grant winners in SH2?	1
Kun Lu: This research was conducted while the author was a member of the faculty at the School of Information Management, Wuhan University, Wuhan, Hubei, China.	0
This content was downloaded from IP address 193.202.83.119 on 14/06/2020 at 12:51	0
We remand the reader to Section 2.2.3 for more details on these points.	0
Results show a low correlation between the two indicators, more so for lowly cited authors as compared to highly cited ones, although differences occur across fields.	4
Articles were retrieved from 7 well-established journals whose scope included oral implantology at 5 time points (1999, 2004, 2009, 2014, and 2019).	2
In total, 2,527 articles were collected (1,035 articles from Chum, 1,195 from LLC/DSH, and 297 from DHQ).	2
Thirdly, from the population of 3134 individuals identified in the previous steps, a random sample of 1286 scholars was extracted, using three criteria for representativeness: (1) the school; (2) the seniority of the scholar as measured by his/her academic rank (assistant, associate or full professor); and (3) his or her sub-discipline in management and business.	2
The ANOVA test suggests that author gender significantly determines the number of citation an article receives (F = 5.57, p < 0.01).	4
The survey was made available in all three official IUCN languages (Spanish, French, English) via two separate emails on 19 July 2016 to (i) primary contacts for all IUCN Member organisations, who were asked to forward the message to those individuals undertaking IUCN-related work within their institution, (ii) all IUCN Secretariat staff, and (iii) all members of the six IUCN Commissions for 2013–2016.	2
Based on the above objectives and methods, the study examines the following three research questions:	1
We now give a plausible definition of awakening time—the year when the abrupt change in the accumulation of citations of SBs occurs.	3
It is beyond the scope of this study to investigate what determines the gaining of promotion to professor per se; i.e.	0
Geographical proximity shows a negative statistically significant coefficient at the 0.01 level (see columns (1) and (3)).	4
We used the pre-IRI RP and post-IRI RP data to determine the IRI's impact on DSA.	3
Our results quantify the difference between the quality and quantity of research output, a better understanding of which is important to design incentive schemes and promotion programs.	4
This is less likely to happen for first and last authors, which is in accordance both with our model and the prevailing legal norms on inventorship.	4
This study established a co-word network by the co-occurrence of keywords in the same publications, in which the network nodes (N) are keywords and the link sides (M) between the nodes are the two keyword appearances in the same publication.	3
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
The aforementioned discoveries enhance our comprehension of scientific knowledge evolution patterns and provide insight into the trajectory of scientific and technological advancement.	5
The publication outlets undergo cross-referencing with Cabell's list of predatory reports.	3
tenzing can generate this JATS-XML information itself for users to download (Fig 5).	4
This study investigated the evolution of the publication pattern of pediatric residents and identified the possible factors associated with an increased productivity, by investigating both thesis and non-thesis-related publications.	1
Our study sheds light on modeling the patterns of firms' impact dynamics, which can provide useful insights for managerial practices.	5
The topology of the co-authorship network of 681 published articles in JRMS between 2008 and 2012 was analyzed using macro-level metrics indicators of network analysis such as density, clustering coefficient, components and mean distance.	3
Distribution of the number of journals available on the Internet in terms of TOC, abstracts, full text and free full text in years 1995-2000 as assessed in December 2000-January 2001.	0
Indicators based on the high-citation tail can be validated in terms of Nobel Prize-winning discoveries and can be applied to large numbers of countries and institutions.	5
The most important parameters defining ranking positions include citations, international reputation, and the number of researchers, but the correlation strength varies among ranking systems.	4
Our search strategy left us with 36,821 documents related to big data.	2
While acknowledging the rele- vant strengths of clinical research in Shenzhen, the study found that the city still needs to develop high-quality technical platforms, highly trained research personnel and an independent human research subject protection programme.	5
In this paper, we propose the use of Peirce's measure of predictive success (Peirce in Science 4(93):453–454, 1884) to see if the use of journal impact factors to predict high citation rates is acceptable or not.	1
Keywords: china; science; technology; governance; policy; invisible college; history of science.	0
Received 30 September 2022; Received in revised form 22 May 2023; Accepted 10 July 2023	0
The independent variables, interdisciplinarity, include comprehensive indicators of the interdisciplinarity of the focal publication, namely RS and DIV, as well as three dimensions of interdisciplinarity: variety, balance, and disparity (see operationalization in the previous section).	3
There are currently 52 marketing journals indexed in the SSCI (see Moussa, 2019, pp.	2
This heteroscedastic sequential conditional logit model can be extended to a Heteroscedastic Scale Adjusted Latent Class Model (Vermunt 2013) in which both latent scale classes and preference classes are accommodated.	3
A multivariable Poisson log-linear regression analysis was conducted, presenting the estimated effects of individual predictors on citations as exponential beta values, along with their corresponding 95% confidence intervals.	3
The landscape of predatory publishing has witnessed profound changes over recent years, with many predatory publishers adapting and evolving beyond the traditional characteristics that Beall's list once identified (Kakamad et al., 2020).	4
In 2014 we undertook a survey on the shifts in scholarly publishing in connection with the introduction of open access journals.	3
Our research focus was at the iSchool level, rather than the LIS-related unit.	1
Studying retractions, thus, is worthwhile because retraction provides not just correction to the scientific literature but also insights into the research and publishing process.	1
Table 1 presents an approximate estimate of the journals published in India to minimize the devastating impact of predatory journals and predatory publishers.	2
Different SBs can also show different forms based on the change in the number of yearly citations after they reach their peak, and these forms can also be distinguished through derivative analysis.	4
The neonatal surgical conditions included in the study were NEC, CDH, tracheo-esophageal fistula & esophageal atresia, HD, gastroschisis, exomphalos, intestinal atresia, imperforate anus and malrotation.	2
As previously described (8), extracted data from WoS were used to setup an undirected multipartite graph with distinct partitioned sets of nodes: publications, institutes, authors, and categories.	3
being credited by different scientific areas, on the other.	4
However, the lack of large journals with an article output > 1000 shows that at least the German Diamond OA landscape – is far from challenging the established publishing industry.	5
Furthermore, we use a time-snapshot keyword network to trace the temporal evolution of sub-fields, and the resultant temporal change of the community membership explains the evolution of the research field well.	3
A bibliometric search was performed in the Web of Science Core Collection database to identify studies that investigated the application of traditional medicine in stroke management.	2
The high correlation of our approach with the expert survey is a significant indication of the robustness of our approach, as we trained the weights using only the 5-year Impact Factor metric.	4
In this paper, we focus on the set of 3,614,447 distinct articles published in the period 2005–2008, and the 31,290,249 citations received by these articles during a five-year citation window for each year in that period.	2
To investigate the impact of non-economic parameters of science and education on the size of GDP per capita as a basic indicator of economic development of a country and quality of life using MLRA and ANNs, the following input parameters (predictors) were used: X?	2
When there is no non-African influence, the co-authorship priorities appear to change.	4
Our findings illuminate significant regional dynamics and shifts in the global academic landscape, with a particular focus on the disciplines of Engineering, Life Sciences, Medical Sciences, Natural Sciences, and Social Sciences.	5
The boundary between predatory and legitimate publishing is porous, ambiguous and rife with political inequities.	4
Taking a text mining approach, this study used topic modeling to identify a set of coherent topics characterized by the keywords of the articles.	3
Visitor statistics is a possible alternative to webpage or backlink counts in constructing webometric indicators.	5
Manuscripts published from 2018 to 2022 were included if at least one author was affiliated with a Brazilian institution and a surgical specialty.	2
A new quantitative method is introduced to analyze the collaboration among different organizations.	1
“researcher” and “researching” both become “research"), and to calculate the cosine similarity</METRIC> on the word frequency lists.	3
In short, this paper shows how scientists have learned to make funding claims that enable their peers to make informed value judgments about a project's investment potential.	5
The Polish interviewees were predominantly junior academics (about 80%) from the university sector (about 80%); half of them were aged under 40; three-quarters of them were males and they were evenly distributed among all major academic fields (see Table 2).	2
Each name was then manually matched with a research profile on Scopus (https://www.scopus.com/), ensuring the location of the researcher and dermatologist was consistent.	2
The documents included applicant feedback documents from four funding programmes: NIHR Health Technology Assessment (HTA), Medical Research Council- NIHR Efficacy and Mechanism Evaluation (EME), NIHR Health Services and Delivery Research (HSDR) and NIHR Public Health Research (PHR) between March 2018 and March 2019.	2
This study addresses this MP representativeness issue from a network-structural perspective, considering that MPs can only represent the parts of the network that are structure-related to them, and these parts of the network are referred to as constituting the MPs' coverage.	1
To analyze whether Altmetric.com scores are biased to certain languages or geography, this study used the Chi-square test to analyze whether there is a significant difference between two variables.	3
The goal of this paper has been to investigate the conference participation patterns and propose a simple stochastic model of conference participation dynamics.	1
The average field and year normalized citation impact of long- and shorter-term U.S. researchers’ journal articles decreases over time relative to the national average, with especially large falls for the last articles published, which may be at least partly due to a decline in self-citations.	4
It attempts to present a complete and accurate picture of systematic changes in the average character number, syllable number, word number and conceptual diversity in the titles over a long period of time.	1
Furthermore, it intended to investigate author self-citation patterns in relation to article and author characteristics.	1
The resulting dataset is a panel of the universe of US-based inventors, tracking over 750,000 inventors from 1996 to 2012, which we refer to as the “full sample” of inventors for the remainder of the paper.	2
During the same period, a Medline (via Pubmed) search for case reports about infectious diseases excluding COVID-19 (ID Group), identified 496 publications.	2
Strictly speaking, in the general case the g-index is not coherent with the Lorenz ordering.	5
Overall, the S&MM dataset included 485,628 citations of 99,409 publications from these journals (for details see Bertoli-Barsotti and Lando 2017).	2
This selection process yielded a set of 1,170 distinct authors.	2
Author manuscripts in PMC continue to be published in MEDLINE-indexed journals at a high rate (85%).	4
To detect any differences across scientific communities, we repeat the same analysis at the UDA level.	3
It is crucial to understand that the current model is detrimental to everyone else: science, society, scholars, governments, universities and even private commercial companies exploiting research results.	5
The journal's standard introduces a limitation to the quality outcome of the peer review process, which we have called quality censoring in peer review.	5
This analysis indicates that the biexponential decay is appropriate for the short-term dynamics but inappropriate for the long-tailed dynamics in popularity dynamics.	4
Hybrid journal articles had the highest mean attention value, while open journal articles had the lowest mean attention (10.4 ± 23.7 and 6.2 ± 18.1, respectively) (Table 1).	4
Across JSTOR, and in almost every top-level field, the incidence of significant behavioral homophily in composite fields is at least as large as the incidence among terminal fields.	4
Our proposed framework consists of two major parts.	3
The participants were not queried specifically on the Social Determinants of cardiometabolic health by the organisers, but this issue did come up organically throughout the interview.	0
The results show that journals included in the CIUP perform better than those not included.	4
Received March 4, 2009; revised May 8, 2009; accepted July 3, 2009	0
The data are contained in a specialized database, the visualization algorithms are coded in C for speed, and the interface is coded in Java for portability and Web-browser execution.	0
The objective of this study was to compare Japan representation in high-impact general medicine and basic science journals between the years 1991-2000 and 2001-2010.	1
The average number of publications was 408 documents/ year.	4
In this study, the Hungarian Scientific Bibliography (HSB) is used to map bibliometric data.	2
The number of article citations has been used as a measure for the impact of an article in the medical literature, with little emphasis on quality.	1
48.2% of journals with social networks were classified within SJR's quartile 1.	4
We began by including all faculty who were employed at any of the top 50 economics or finance departments in the United States in any year from 1996 through 2014.	2
We concluded that Mediterranean forest research represents an active scientific field.	5
In order to reach this goal, we adopt the rank percentile approach (see Bornmann & Marx, 2013, for a very able summary of this approach and the recent literature related to it).	3
85.6% of respondents think that publication bias is present.	4
A combination of both dimensions, quantity and quality, is provided by the index h proposed by Hirsch[21] as the largest number h of a scientist's publications which received at least h citations each.	3
We find that the small, focused treatment significantly increased the incidence of collaboration on subsequent grant proposals by 75% in relation to the baseline probability of collaboration between pairs of researchers (increasing from 0.16 percent in the control group to 0.28 percent in the treated group).	5
Cited publications were retrieved from their respective faculty publication record in Web of Science and exported into a spreadsheet.	3
The study presented here addresses these specific research questions: (1) How well does the library's electronic journal collection support the needs of ORNL researchers, as indicated by the cited references of their published works?	1
The next most published category was neonatology, with 22 articles, followed by psychiatry with 15.	4
a = Cronbach's alpha, M = mean, SD = standard deviation, rit = item-scale correlation, aij = factor loading.	0
Invited participants included research students (Masters or PhD), research staff and faculty members from all colleges in NTU.	2
The 58 interviews were conducted in 2012 and 2013 and they took place in several French cities (Toulouse, Paris, Marseille, Poitiers, and Tours).	2
Its results show that research topics and subfields underwent substantial change between those two periods and the field became more concrete and cohesive, increasing in density.	4
The increase in the number of publications ranged from 628% for for-profit private hospitals to 141% for public teaching hospitals.	4
To specifically emphasize the impact of carbon reduction generated during the process of technology diffusion, the spatial Durbin model is employed in this paper to examine the spatial spillover effect of technological innovation on carbon emissions:	3
Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationships between researcher characteristics and their use of metadata in their ResearchGate profiles.	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 14 times since 2017*	0
Therefore, one of the major limitations of this study is the available numbers of papers in "fuzzy techniques in big data".	5
Our results show that the number of published papers almost doubles each 3 years.	4
Here we follow the Karush–Kuhn–Tucker (KKT) approach, (Boyd and Vandenberghe 2004), in order to write the system of optimality equations for the point at which L attains its maximum.	3
We retained the 2093 manuscripts (108 from China and 1985 from English-speaking countries) with at least two reviewers (but used only information from the first two invited reviewers for manuscripts with more than two).	2
Further, by combining bibliographic coupling (Kessler, 1963) with cosine similarity, we outline an additional data mining procedure for discovering researchers that share similar features with their top-ranked counterparts.	3
Although we are aware of the important role played by Scopus for the scientific community, we remark that these horrors can have serious consequences such as: (i) making it difficult or even impossible to retrieve some documents, and (ii) distorting bibliometric indicators/metrics relating to journals, individual scientists or research institutions.	5
Thematic analysis was conducted on a large qualitative data set from researchers across three levels of seniority, four countries and four disciplines to explore their attitudes toward and experiences with SNS.	3
To evaluate whether a citation advantage exists for open access (OA) publications in gynecologic oncology.	1
The multilevel approach to gender inequalities in higher education enlightens the understanding of differences in research production among Canadian professors as a part of the intersection and reinforcement of individual, interactional, organizational, systemic, and cultural institutional factors (O’Connor et al.	5
One hundred-fifteen previous or current holders of FAER grants were identified; these individuals earned a total of 240 NIH awards totaling $357.7 million.	4
Conversely, the percentage of new keywords was found to negatively impact citation counts.	5
To support theory applicable to mechanisms of international publishing I propose a discursive world system model (Figure 1) based partially on Hountondji's (1994/1997) examinations of post-colonial knowledge systems.	3
We downloaded 1,663 abstracts from Scopus?, limited to those whose title, abstract, or keywords contained “semantic analysis," whose publication year was from 2011 to 2017, and whose document type was article or article in press.	2
In short, originality is assessed by looking backward, while impact is assessed by looking forward.	5
Finally, misleading or stretched information spread by the media in the home country of the sponsors on the supplements can have a very negative impact.	5
It is shown that visualizing and analyzing the TM network can provide an excellent overview of its multidisciplinary structure in terms of knowledge flow.	5
To measure institution- and nation-level output, we used an approach similar to Lahiri and Kumar (2012) and Chan et al.	3
In this work, we present our own approach for judging the quality of a Computer Science/Computer Engineering conference venue, and thus, implicitly, the potential quality of a paper accepted in that conference.	1
The methodology applied in this study follows the guidelines proposed by Eito-Brun and Ledesma-Rodríguez (2016) in their study on the bibliographic production of the European Space Agency.	3
Further, the test results show that the four indicators are able to distinguish clearly between specialized journals and general journals.	5
Citations to COVID paper seem to follow the patterns of cumulative advantage or the co-called Matthew effect in science (Merton, 1968).	5
As found in other surveys across a variety of academic disciplines, substantial numbers of LIS faculty respondents (62%) agree that all scholarly articles should be free for everyone to access online.	4
The dataset of author publication records in the field of communication for the years 2007–2011 were selected.	2
How do these countries, with varying institutionalization of universities and institutes, compare in the production of STEM research?	1
9.3, SAS System for Windows, SAS Institute Inc., Cary, NC, 2010) for analysis.	3
In spite of the fact that the language evidence yielded by the computer-based approach and the linguistic form-only-based approach clearly hinted at plagiarism, concluding that the author of the questioned text plagiarised the appeal for reversal may seem naive and inappropriate in the eyes of the court of law.	5
108 “Medical and health sciences” articles were retrieved in the 2013-2015 “Altmetric Top 100" and matched to 216 control articles.	2
In this paper, we provide a bird's eye view of the growth of articles in potentially predatory journals (PPJ), a global phenomenon stemming from both the evaluation/metrics culture and globalization.	1
The size of the circle is associated with the frequency of citation of domestic institutional authors.	3
Second, how does this proportion relate to scientific novelty?	1
As shown in Table 8, the most active keyword is sustainable tourism which appears in 551 publications.	4
The results show that Support Vector Machine and Logistic Regression performed best in classifying the journal ranking tiers i.e.	4
We propose that our colleagues should consider focusing on these research gaps in the future.	5
To accomplish this study, we used Bibliometrix R Package and SciMAT software.	3
We selected all publications in Scientometrics available in Scopus for the years 1996–2015 (2145 papers with at least 10 cited references).	2
We are extremely grateful to Marianne Bertrand, Berta Esteve-Volart, Dan Hamermesh, Eduardo Melero, Nic Morgan, Heidi Williams, and two anonymous referees, whose suggestions greatly improved our paper.	0
As shown in Table 2 (model 2), a one-unit increase in the number of shared institutional affiliations for a faculty pair is associated with a 0.11 unit increase in publications (p < .01), thus lending support for H1a.	4
They are either empirically indistinguishable from the two-exponent law or give slightly better fit to data on impact factors in eight important scientific fields.	5
By highlighting the issues faced, and the potential solutions to them, this research recognises the need for a tailored and formalised production workflow within NUPs and also provides guidance how to begin implementing possible solutions.	5
In this article we consider a citation as a direct link from a citing article to a cited one.	0
The research question was addressed using an experimental design involving group sessions with active researchers in two different countries: one country with a high level of competition for research funding, and one country with a low level of com- petition for research funding.	2
The number of basic research was far more than clinical research, of which the ratio was about 1.78(32:18).	4
In what follows, we detail this method, describe tools employed, and discuss statistics used.	0
This probability is called here the failure probability because when this occurs the judgment by the number of citations contradicts the judgment by the JIF.	3
The data includes approximately 430 thousand articles published in Economics journals indexed by Web of Science with information on 5.6 million citations (not limited to Economics journals).	2
The interaction term Team Size × Women% squared is statistically significant (β = ?	4
The main one is that the involvement on Twitter affects the mentioning of research papers, and in consequence, it indirectly could influence the research impact because the visibility of academic outputs could benefit the citing of those materials.	5
Using Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science (WoS), this study tries to answer the following two research questions (RQs): RQ1: To what extent this hijacked journal is cited by SSCI-indexed marketing journals?	1
The aim of this study was to establish the bibliometric profile of Current Science using bibliometric analysis and mapping methods.	1
Next, we rank all papers published in any given year on the basis of the age of the newest idea input.	3
Received 11 September 2019; Received in revised form 19 June 2020; Accepted 12 July 2020	0
To measure and compare the performance of countries and institutions publishing trials, reviews, and guidelines evaluating physical therapy interventions, we calculated indicators of publication output and impact using the Web of Science database.	3
This paper aimed at reviewing the progress in transport operations and management area and also opening an avenue to predict the future research trends in this domain.	5
Methods: The last ten years (2011-2020) Scopus data related to the use of machine learning techniques in the diagnosis and management of neuropsychiatric disorders and human beings have been collected and examined using VOSviewer.	2
Lastly, Section 5 concludes by discussing the results, dividing the identified researcher profiles according to the defined metrics, and proposing future directions.	0
The main aim of the present study was thus to clarify this debate by simultaneously exploring the influence of food consumption (cacao, milk, and wine), economic variables (gross domestic product) and scientific activity (number of publications and research expenditure) on Nobel awards.	1
Co-word analysis and network analysis were applied in mapping the topics of S&T policies and collaboration among the agencies, while citation analysis was applied to assess the influence of S&T policies.	3
Objective: To compare the scientific documents and citations about Palearctic and Neotropical mammals over half a century.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 61(7):1360-1376, 2010	0
We call the agency “biased against” a certain attribute if proposals with this attribute have a higher likelihood of success but a lower likelihood of being funded, i.e., if dg/dYij > 0 and df/dYij < 0.	3
This study showed that Author Assist substantially contributed to publication volume and quality during a 5-year period within a limited African emergency care publication setting.	5
For space reasons, we only show here the map corresponding to the cumulative map in early 2015 (Figure 4).	0
The above study of the Russian segment of the global informational and analytical resources Scopus and WoS and the Scimago and JCR DBs based on them shows that Russian scientific periodicals are represented in these systems very scantily, by 324 journals in total.	5
The comparison results of Active/Inactive SJR and JCR journals suggest that lower impact journals have a higher chance to become Inactive than higher impact journals.	5
Following the link (the number of publications), we obtain the yearly distribution of these publications (Fig.	4
Finally, we found that the scientific communities in former USSR and scholarly allies have a better affinity to Science.	5
However, when considering all articles (past and future) by Nature authors, we find that the publication of a cover article causes citations to previous articles by its authors to decline relative to citations to articles by non-cover authors.	4
For All Country Regions: SCImago website > > Country ranking > > All Subject Areas> >Surgery> > All Regions > > Year (1996–2022 and 2022).	3
The overall goal of this study was to gain a more quantitative and objective understanding of both the quality of the aquaculture journals easily found by internet search engines and the possible associated consequences, and objectively bring to attention the issue of predatory OA publishing within this field of research.	1
Great achievements come at many ages and typically peak between the mid-30s and mid-40s (18).	4
Ultimately, the process resulted in a list of 55 journals that met our criteria and were cited at least one time in the sample of articles from our 10 most-cited journals (see the Appendix).	2
Presented at the Spring Meeting of the Vascular and Endovascular Surgery Society at the 2018 Vascular Annual Meeting, Boston, Mass, June 20-23, 2018.	0
To identify the 10 most numerically prolific authors publishing in the field of orthodontics for each year over the last decade (2011-2020), describe the characteristics of these outputs and identify trends in the types of study being published.	1
PLOS ONE ranked the first, publishing 26,503 multinational authorship papers during the 10-year period; during this period, it published the most (4,150) papers in 2013.	4
We showed that there are systematic penalties associated with Translational Medicine compared to the standard approach.	5
The theory of planned behavior (TPB) was used to develop the research model, and the specific research constructs from prior literature were incorporated in the model.	3
The results showed that attitude had a significantly positive influence on intention to plagiarize (β = 0.13, t = 2.93, p < .01).	4
?Cuáles son los periodos de efervescencia (bursting) de las palabras clave?	1
Finally the authors acknowledge the helpful comments of the anonymous reviewer.	0
This study aimed to gauge the quality of behavioral science journals on account of selected bibliometric indicators, namely Journal Impact Factor, Eigenfactor Score, CiteScore, SCImago Journal Rank; Source normalised impact per paper and H5-index.	1
The 12-year h-index of top-performing EPs was strongly related to their future academic productivity.	5
We use information in Forschungsmonitoring gathered for the years 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011.	2
We use central government education policy in China as a case study, focusing on the historical changes in China's education policy association network.	1
Our results also show that a different strategy to promote research is required, depending on the Sci-GEO types.	5
The British Dental Journal had the first rank among the dental journals, followed by the Journal of Dental Research (replicating the findings of 2014 and 2015).	4
The case analysis addresses the question of whether the scaffolding provided for a capstone assignment affects its utility for formative or summative assessment.	1
An overview of all journal abbreviations is provided in the Appendix.	0
In total, 118 citations from the comparison group (an average of 7 citations/article) and 185 citations (an average of 10 citations/article) from the copy-editing group were reviewed for major and minor content errors and style errors.	2
Specifically, we analyze collaborators using 2 indicators: the research topic diversity, measured by the Author-Conference-Topic model and cosine, and the impact diversity, measured by the normalized standard deviation of h-indices.	1
This article draws on a corpus of over 1.500 archived documents from 145 appointment procedures that occurred between 1950 and 1985 at sixteen German universities in the discipline of history.	2
There was no significant Spearman correlation between usage and JIFs either, but at least the r was somewhat meaningful (r = .401, p > .099).	4
Ultimately, we think that knowledge maps - and in particular those that take time into account -, when implemented in certain interactive and adaptive digital devices, can embody a form of collective representation of the collective knowledge produced by a community (e.g.	5
We used the ProQuest Database of Dissertations and Theses, the Index to Theses database, and, occasionally, LinkedIn profiles to fill the gaps in career data.	2
The main conclusion for the synchronic model is that mathematicians with many publications in top journals, which implicitly requires a high publication volume, have the higher probability of attaining excellence.	5
OBJECTIVES To identify and characterize top-cited OBGYN articles in the Institute for Scientific Information Web of Science's Science Citation Index Expanded and to compare top-cited OBGYN articles published in specialty OBGYN journals with those published in nonspecialty journals.	1
Setting: A leading biomedical research institution in the United Kingdom.	2
The objective of the present study is to provide an updated and systematic examination of the development and current state of research productivity in the UAE.	1
An online questionnaire was designed to collect data from 402 academic librarians in 87 universities in Africa using SurveyMonkey software.	2
The ICORIA special issue represents a strong contribution to increasing authorship diversity in advertising research, so enhancing the impact of the field.	5
Only a third of titles in the Directory of OA Journals (DOAJ) set article processing charges (APCs) (https://doaj.org/ Retrieved from July 2018), yet the ratio of non-APC-funded articles to APC-funded articles is probably closer to 50:50 (Suber, 2017).	4
The 20 most often occurring keywords in the context of smoking and lung cancer.	0
Japan, Sweden, Poland, Canada, the UK, India, France and Spain benefit a lot from the international cooperation.	4
Research articles are the most frequently published document type in the periodical with a total of 28,726 publications from 2007 to 2011.	4
This study considers metadata of the research projects funded by the Australian Research Council Discovery Grant Project scheme.	1
Pre- and post-intervention scores for familiarity, knowledge, practices, and attitudes were compared using the paired sample t-test.	3
For the publication analysis, the first step was to collect the publication output of the relevant institute for the 33-year observation period (1987–2019) based on the entries in the local research database of the University of Graz.	2
This EndNote library was searched using keywords relevant to the topic in order to create two sublibraries: one on pain and one specifically on musculoskeletal pain.	3
This study provides a first holistic view of the Mediterranean forest research that could be useful for researchers and policy makers as they may evaluate and analyze its historical evolution, as well as its structure and scientific production.	5
Data Availability Statement: No datasets were generated or analysed during the current study.	0
We argue that spillovers can exist along three dimensions: idea, geographic, and collaboration space.	1
Data was extracted from SCOPUS on 6 April 2018.	2
We devised a strategy for delimiting the Top, Center and Bottom sets.	3
Even though the crawl was limited to health news, only 52.4% of the linked to domains were health-related.	4
Drawing on data from 33 Australian universities (of 39 eligible institutions), and taking into consideration the differences in these universities' level of research intensity, this article finds that universities overwhelmingly replicate the major national PBRF indicators internally.	2
All four editorial decisions (coercion, the use of editorials, review articles, and online queuing) have positive coefficients, significant beyond the 0.01 level.	4
The citation search was performed on April 6, 2016, using the Web of Science database (Thomson Reuters, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania), which has been used in previous similar studies.	2
Finally, institutions that release journals’ rankings may (re)formulate new ranking metrics by considering the social structure of journals.	0
Since the November 2011 elections, these competences have been the responsibility of the Ministry of Finance and Competitiveness.	0
The diagnosis of a development deficit makes it possible for funders to make radical demands for the restructuring of politics, science, and society in African countries.	5
In terms of both CTC and FA, the top one is A.Y.	4
This librarian-led collaborative project has produced not only the crowdsourcing system and the authority file respectively as the technical and information infrastructure for supporting DH research, but also the bilingual dictionary to fill a publication gap for Chinese history scholars and students.	5
We conclude that the number of retractions in the ophthalmic literature have increased since 2010, though relatively limited information is available on the retracted articles.	5
KHBO (Association K.U.Leuven), Industrial Sciences and Technology, Zeedijk 101, B-8400 Oostende, Belgium.	0
However, for research 1 institutions, the cost per citation of the Elsevier bundle is more than twice that for the full sample of nonprofit journals and about three times as high for a research 1 institution that chooses nonprofit bundles selectively for cost-effectiveness.	4
Funding information This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation (NSF) at the University of Arizona under grant number CMMI-1249210.	0
Another important finding is that publication productivity is concentrated in a few departments and is conducted by a small number of associate and full professors.	5
We have adopted the more objective RNIF method for subject categories suggested by Pudovkin and Garfield: For any journal j, the RNIF rnIFj = (K – Rj + 1)K, where Rj is the JCR rank of journal j and K is the number of journals in its category.	3
Open-access publishing is mainly supported in the framework of a library consortium called Electronic Information Services (EIS) under the Hungarian Academy of Science.	4
The median article in the sample received 15 citations from time of publication through spring 2011.	4
Fifteen months later, in May 2016, the coverage had risen to 87.6%, i.e., 3341 papers had been bookmarked at least once.	4
The study reveals that global scientific communities are proactively fighting with this most extended sequence of RNA virus (Majumder, 2020).	5
In WOS database, the number of oxycodone-related publications exhibited a positive trend, from 25 in 1998 to 293 in 2017.	4
In this manner, one may seek to predict, not the exact positions of various institutions in the rankings, but relative directions of movement.	3
The objective of this study is to examine the evolution of research methods in the LIS field by identifying the structural components of academic papers and extracting fine-grained method entities.	1
In order to develop the analysis, bibliometrix R-Tool was used and the metadata of two databases (WoS and Scopus) was retrieved and merged.	2
Reasons for adding honorary authors were complimentary (39.4%), to avoid conflict at work (16.1%), to facilitate article acceptance (7.2%), and other (3.6%).	4
For example, submitting to a higher impact factor journal means on average also longer turn-around time and lower acceptance rates.	5
All the articles we selected were published in journals in the first quartile of the Reproductive Biology category of the Journal Citation Report during the 2003–2012 period.	2
A dataset was constructed using all publications and citations retrieved from four key journals that publish creativity research: Journal of Creative Behavior (JCB), Gifted Child Quarterly (GCQ), Creativity Research Journal (CRJ), and Psychology of Aesthetics, Creativity, and the Arts (PACA).	2
It is apparent that research reputation is based more upon quality of research productivity than quantity of output.	5
El análisis se realizó a través de la técnica multivariante HJ-Biplot (Galindo, 1986), que permite representar simultáneamente variables (tasas) e individuos (universidades) con máxima calidad de representación.	3
When adjusted for population, Denmark ranked the first (111.55), followed by The Netherlands (87.91) and Switzerland (86.93).	4
The methodological design utilized a series of interviews with evaluators of the UK's REF2014 responsible for the assessment of the 'Impact' criterion.	2
The second dependent variable is time to retraction, a continuous variable measured by the natural log of the elapsed months between an article's publication and its retraction.	3
The authors wish to thank all the participants at the conference who provided comments.	0
The burst detection algorithm implemented in the Science of Science Tool (SCI2TEAM, 2009) was used to identify rapidly emerging and fading themes in titles of the articles (not the list of provided keyword).	3
The metrics are generated from a dataset of several million WoS papers from 1981 to 2011.	2
Competing interest: The authors declare that they have no competing interests.	0
We assume a global average hourly wage rate of US$ 50 per hour.	3
We use VOSviewer to visualize the collaboration network of the 72 countries/regions (Fig 2).	3
They proved that the slope of the regression line of impact as a function of number of publications is positive if and only if the global impact (GIF) is larger than the average impact (AIF).	4
Overall, there has been an increase in stylistic cue usage over time, rpb(2,398) = .13, p < .001, with a noticeable increase occurring during the 1990s and a further increase in the 2000s.	4
We used VOSviewer (van Eck & Waltman, 2010) to map the co-occurrence of author- keywords, co-authors, and countries of authors of the papers citing the 1985 Physics Nobel Prize paper.	3
We can attempt to quantify the relative influence of IF and merit on assessor score by assuming that the number of citations is a measure of merit and then regressing assessor score against IF and the number of citations simultaneously; in essence this procedure asks how strong the relationship is between assessor score and IF when the number of citations is held constant, and between assessor score and the number of citations when IF is held constant.	3
Burst detection of keywords indicates the speed with which new keywords are taken up (Chen 2014).	3
Citation analyses are performed with similar parameters and for all citation analyses we apply a four-year fixed citation window and we exclude self-citations.	3
5.1 The impact of the young returnee scientists on their peers' academic outputs	0
Another measure of the barriers to mobility comes from Neumayer (2011), who extracted information on visa requirements from a November 2004 edition of the manual used in the aviation industry, IATA's Travel Information Manual.	2
Using an analysis of papers published in American Naturalist, Ecology, Evolution, and Oikos, I found that: (1) the number of authors on papers is increasing over time; (2) the proportion of first authors as corresponding author has increased over time, as has the proportion of last authors as corresponding author; (3) 84% of papers published in 2016 had the first author as corresponding author; and (4) geographic regions differed in the likelihood of having the first (or last) author as corresponding author.	1
(1) Bibliometric research assessment is most frequently performed in the Nordic countries, the Netherlands, Italy, and the United Kingdom.	4
Summary Individual Characteristics by Program Tier, Student Rank, and Advisor Rank	0
In other words, ca - index (r) measures the impact of the research of a given author r not, in the usual way, as a function of the total number of citations received during his/her activity, but rather in terms of the number of distinct authors, excluding the coauthors and the author himself, that cited the results achieved by r.	0
A comparison of both indicators’ behaviors showed NR-PCP’s relative advantage in steadily obtaining better results in many cases.	5
This study indicates the need to assess the impact of papers published in megajournals by topic-based category in order to accurately quantify the impact they have on their specific fields.	1
We therefore suggest a simple indicator combining both the presence and scope of international collaboration among men and women, which we call the Gender Difference Collaboration Index (GDCI), which is calculated as:	3
The case study was orientated around three key research questions: (1) How was impact evidenced in the 2014 impact case studies presented by the faculty?	1
This paper shows that, for a large range of parameters, the journal editor prefers to delegate the choice to review the manuscript to the biased referee.	1
Downloaded from jos.sagepub.com at University of Ulster Library on March 11, 2015	0
We do this in a framework of infinite sequences of non-negative real values.	1
For the physics data, we utilized the Microsoft Academic Graph data which span over a multitude of scientific fields but we focused only on papers coming from Physics journals.	2
The statistical analyses were performed using The International Business Machines Corporation (IBM Corp) Statistical Package for the Social Sciences Statistics for Windows, Version 28.0, Armonk, New York: IBM Corp; 2021.	3
Administration & Society OnlineFirst, published on July 21, 2014 as doi:10.1177/0095399714541265	0
Methods include descriptive network analysis, temporal exponential random graph models (TERGM), and valued exponential random graph models (VERGM).	3
The objective of this study was to analyze research originated from 13 Middle Eastern Arab countries in the field of DM.	1
Meeting abstracts, letters, editorial materials, case reports, book chapters, corrections, proceedings papers, and other types of publications were excluded from this study.	2
The teaching and learning and policy approaches to higher education studies do seem to represent separate continents with a sea of disjuncture between them.	5
This article builds on this literature to consider how geopolitical competition is affecting scientific collaboration between Australia and China.	1
A total of 2,719,705 URLs (hereafter referred to as patent outlinks) were obtained by this above process.	3
Thus, it is legitimate to seek to determine the impact of the US in shaping the research landscape in SDSS.	0
We have therefore extracted data for the citation of all papers in condensed matter physics published in 1990.	2
These academic relationships have a significant impact on the future number of publication citations and appear to benefit the number of patent citations in the same measure.	4
The study examines the statistical links between the characteristics of incoming Chairs and the later scientific productivity of their departments while that Chair is still in the post.	1
As palavras-chave utilizadas foram “quimiometria" e seus adjetivos alterados em gênero (quimiométrico e quimiométrica) e número (quimiométricas e quimiométricos), presentes nos títulos, resumos e palavras-chave, indexadores principais de trabalhos científicos, nas línguas portuguesa e inglesa.	3
Overall, these findings are congruent with other bibliometric research in both ophthalmology and other fields.	5
Instead, evidence is found that convergence occurs in five clubs, ranging from the more scientifically advanced groups to the less scientifically developed groups.	5
Strong irrelevance For any K = 1, 2, .	3
The purpose of this paper is to sensitize researchers to qualitative citation patterns that characterize original research, contribute toward the growth of knowledge and, ultimately, promote scientific progress.	1
Moreover, we observe a negative relation between the number of citations and the proportion of transdisciplinary publications.	4
Our basic specification considers two outputs (peer-reviewed article counts and lifetime number of scholars’ citations) and two inputs (time dedicated to research activities and research funds).	3
Put another way, a scientist's best paper is better in a more productive year because they are getting more draws from the possible citation counts, and their worst paper is worse for the same reason.	5
Castanheira, I. (n = 8) resulted as the most productive author.	4
This new scientometric measure is an aggregated quality measure of scientific papers published with the grant support divided by its budget.	1
Each article's Altmetric Attention Score (Altmetric), representing weighted mentions across a variety of online platforms, was obtained from Altmetric.com.	3
The results of our inquiries suggest that Science disciplines are progressing more in Pakistan.	5
En conclusion, nous avons utilisé le facteur d'impact relatif pour filtrer une requête quelconque de Medline/PubMed, en démontrant sa faisabilité.	5
We also find that publications with a delayed pattern do not represent a major problem in the assessment of research groups, as those groups with a higher share of this type of publications do not improve their assessment when the citation window is substantially enlarged.	4
The analysis shows that there is a substantial difference in performance levels of few Universities (say 6-7 Universities) vis-à-vis rest of the Central Universities.	5
Therefore, in general, effective communication channels and follow-up behavior within the network of influencers is crucial to the diffusion of an innovation.	0
The purpose of this paper is to fill this gap in literature and at the end to answer at the following question: How much does the calendar influence the dissemination of the scientific research?	1
2017 ASIS&T Published online 0 Month 2017 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
The country with the greatest academic impact was the USA, while the institution with the highest research outputs and citations was the Chinese Academy of Sciences.	4
Total years of experience of a faculty in a fellowship program and medical school affiliation appear to be the most significant factors associated with increased publication citation frequency among many others.	5
For example, based on the 203 rules extracted in this case, 63 articles are identified from the 1097 articles; the dataset of articles seems much smaller than the results of clustering, which are shown in Table 9.	4
Pendlebury of the data of the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) which covers all publications from ISI catalogued journals that were published in 1981 and cited during the period January 1981-June 1997.	2
If the purported benefit of federal research support is to generate new discoveries and push the frontiers of science, it is ironic that it also appears to limit scientists' ability to locate themselves in environments where that is most likely to happen.	5
We used the CRExplorer (see: http://crexplorer.net) to perform the RPYS analysis.	3
We used the descriptive statistics crosstab method from SPSS, which are in fact contingency tables that allowed us to perform comparisons of relationship/independence among two or more categorical variables, either nominal or ordinal.	3
What influence does the type of collaboration (domestic or international) have on the count of citations of publications that were produced in collaboration?	1
The Immediacy Index: Is the average number of times an article is cited in the year it is published (Minnick, 2017).	3
We found statistically significant difference in the ‘views’ variable with respect to fields of knoedge (p=0.010), between experimental sciences and social sciences areas.	4
Citations data sets were retrieved from the Web of Science in July/August 2018 for the six-year window between January 2010 and December 2015.	2
Using a metric similar to that created by Abbas (2010, 2011) we evaluate a sample of 103 prolific communication scholars' publication records and illustrate the utility of using a WFC procedure for understanding patterns and trends in communication scholarly production.	1
The variables include real GDP as a measure of output, and number of research papers published by a specific country as a percentage of the total number of papers published in the world (R), which, in turn, measures our research output.	2
The present study aimed to analyses the situation of women participation in HR of Iran.	1
For all of the above, we consider that the most promising methods are those that use the 0.8 threshold and weighted-counting since, although they have somewhat lower granularity, they have the greatest coincidence with the AAC (only very slightly surpassed by those with the 2/3 threshold) and the resulting classifications give rise to classes more homogeneous in number of references and to fewer categories assigned to each paper, characteristics that are highly desirable in scientometrics.	4
In this study we investigated the claim that "topic modeling" provides an improved alternative to semantic or co-word mapping based on the word/document occurrence matrix.	1
On average, there were 3.5 authors of a paper with an average length of 2,925 words.	0
During our user testing we found that those fields where we had free-text input for metadata entry most often led to confusion and errors.	4
Kaplan-Meier failure function plot with 95% confidence interval for the proportion of POM articles receiving a first citation from another article after publication.	0
The model successfully predicts the transitions, as well as many common features of coauthorship networks.	1
This paper examines how two contrasting academic publishers are responding to the opportunities and challenges of Web 2.0 to innovate their services.	1
These machine learning experiments show that models learned through symbolic regression outperform the reference Schubert-Gl?nzel's PSG by a 6.1 % margin only.	4
Received October 4, 2012; revised November 16, 2012; accepted November 16, 2012	0
An advantage in these applications over previous methods lies in the good interpretability of the results obtained through our methods.	5
Vakkari (2008) investigated the influences that electronic resources have on productivity of researchers.	0
We focus on the evaluation and selection of novel projects, where evaluation by a panel of experts is often considered the gold standard of assessing project quality (Li and Agha 2015, Boudreau et al.	1
The centralities were calculated via UCINET software (Borgatti et al.	3
These indicators include the visibility of researchers and research entities, collaboration patterns, the analysis of topics covered in literature and impact of radar altimetry literature on other studies.	1
A detailed analysis of these papers showed that only 4 out of 104 and 7 out of 93 of the triaged and rejected papers, respectively, were published in journals with an impact factor higher than that of NDT.	4
Like many other repositories, we found that depositing on behalf of faculty and researchers yielded more participation and engagement with the repository than the “if we build it, they will come” self-archiving approach.	5
The details of this institutional body need not concern us here; the main point is that they are concerned with remedying the institutional shortcomings in e-science.	0
In the present study, we focus on analyzing the influence of multi-authored articles of various collaborations in CERN on world university rankings.	1
1 separately for each broad scientific area to provide a more detailed insight.	0
The journals are ranked using quantifiable static and dynamic Research Assessment Measures (RAMs), with 15 RAMs from ISI and five RAMs from RePEc.	3
created a composite score by incorporating multiple citation indicators into a standardized metric (1,6,7).	3
Data collection covered a 4-year period from 2007 to 2010.	2
Results will be presented by parameters used to calculate total rank by Aguillo's methodology.	0
The percentage of articles originating from international collaborations of at least two countries increased continuously (Fig.	4
As is shown in Table 9, F&O counting presents new properties in five aspects: (1) generalization of two existing schemas including straight and harmonic counting, (2) flexibility of the application by introducing both flexible formula and weight preference, (3) innovation by revealing the inflection point of the credit distribution, (4) performance improvement to reduce the over-fitting problem in the study of credit-assignment schemas, and (5) a simple F&O formula applicable for big data from the scholar information database.	5
Our implementation of the database, called PMDB, currently contains data on over 31 million PubMed Identifiers (PMIDs) and is updated regularly.	1
Our results show that a significant part of the progress in MENA has come about through international collaborations, consistent with (but going beyond) global trends, and that MENA countries are diversifying away from a few areas of scientific focus.	5
This study aims to determine the association between personality traits and self-reported research misbehavior (fraud and questionable research practices).	1
Quantitatively, the percentage of similarity oscillates between 24% and 38% respectively.	4
In total, 310 (61 percent) of the 507 RPUs were found to host an IR.	4
This article characterizes the WR field by identifying the main research areas behind this science using scientific research published in the most relevant databases as well as in WR specialized databases.	1
Furthermore, a two-dimensional coordinate system is also constructed to identify the roles of boundary crossing outputs play in knowledge flows.	3
Internationally co-authored papers have definite citation advantage over domestic ones.	5
Only one (Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), Mumbai, #1 in Best Universities in India and #452 in Best Global Universities) appeared in the top 500.	4
Data were collected from the peer review of 2,063 submitted applications encompassing an 8-year period from 1999 to 2006.	2
The crucial role of economics and management, and library and information science in the collaboration network in Chinese humanities and social sciences has also been identified.	5
The rediscovering paper of a sleeping paper is the paper that satisfies the following three conditions: (1) the publication year is no later than the recognized time y* of the sleeping paper; (2) have the maximum spontaneity in all papers satisfy (1); (3) have the maximum co-citation number among all papers satisfy (1) and (2).	3
This paper thus aims to investigate how lexical choices and the content of scientific manuscripts relate to the advertised scope and impact factor of the journal, in which they are published.	1
Among 3160 publications, 2419 publications were led by Vietnamese authors (77.26%) and 712 publications were led by foreign authors (22.74%).	4
The corresponding authors of the 2010 and 2015 articles were sent a survey asking them to describe the disciplines involved in their research (method 2) and to define their research as unidisciplinary or interdisciplinary based on provided definitions (method 3).	3
The 1295 citations were written by a total of 4250 authors.	2
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content in a trusted digital archive.	0
Svein Kyvik holds a PhD in sociology and is presently a senior researcher at NIFU STEP.	0
This study has analysed the international research collaboration among the G-20 countries by computing the indicators of rate of growth, proportionate share, RIC and boost in productivity and citations</METRIC> due to such collaborations.	5
We retrieved all 'articles' listed for the above journals from Web of Science (WoS) for the years 2010–2014, inclusive (search performed on 14/06/17).	2
Funding: No funding was received for the writing of this paper.	0
Among 888 DAP, 21 DAP by 25 designers were directly cited in other design scholarship such as journal publications and/or DAP.	4
There are two possible solutions for normalizing the data: 1.	3
4 I compute the scores using textatistic 0.0.1 for python (See https://pypi.org/project/textatistic/).	0
The data are restricted to a subset of the WoS, namely all WoS journals purchased from Thomson Reuters by Nanjing Agricultural University (NJAU), leading to a total of 4,428,878 publications (NJAU did not purchase access to, e.g., journals in clinical medicine).	2
We began with the list of all 37 journals comprising the category Biodiversity and Conservation in the 2011 Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Report.	2
RefViz carries out a computational linguistic analysis by perusing the titles and abstracts of the group of references transferred to the software.	3
If citations are the currency of science, then citation hacking is akin to counterfeiting.	5
RQ3: How do such trade-offs vary across fields?	1
For many aspects of applied conservation, grey literature may constitute a significant proportion of the available documented support for management decisions (Corlett, 2011), and whilst much of this may not have been subject to academic-style peer-review, it may hold vital evidence for conservation practitioners.	4
As a further test of the standing of a journal, another size-independent measure is the journal's “balance of trade” (Cronin & Meho, 2008).	3
The USPTO's technology codes thus constitute a set of consistent definitions of technological capabilities spanning over 200 years of inventive activity.	2
Properties of the evolving LIS coauthorship network from 1988 to 2007.	0
The first type, referred to as “Solo Show,” is characterized by the involvement of an MNA author as a paper's sole author or one of the paper's authors.	3
The T100 articles ranged from a maximum of 1971 citations to a minimum of 215 citations (median 302 citations).	4
They are considered as the largest and most reliable bibliographic databases of peer-reviewed scientific literature [27].	2
Only 57 articles (12.6%) were published in 11 of the 125 journals under the category of Radiology, Nuclear Medicine, and Medical Imaging according to JCR.	4
This situation is explained on one hand by the editorial policy of the two journals and on the other hand by the influence of the cold war and its aftermath on worldwide scientific societies and the ongoing interest in research areas in different geographic regions.	5
To achieve this goal, we propose an integrated model for discovering LTSTs at a micro level using text mining analysis.	1
This is a contribution to the homage volume to the late Judit Bar-Ilan, world expert in webometrics and altmetrics, co-author and friend.	0
After the exclusions, the final sample size was 440 original articles, whose disposition is presented in Figure 2.	2
Using the Article Relevance Factor (ARF) definition (Avram et al., 2012), the calculation employs the PageRank algorithm; developed by the Google authors, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, the algorithm has been created using citation networks analysis and methods (Brin et al., 1998).	3
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
Second, calculate the absolute difference between the other data x1, x2,..., xn and the reference value of each row, and select a maximum value and a minimum value from the absolute difference of each row, denoted by maxx (k) - x^(k) | and min| xo (k) – x,(k) |	0
A similar probability statement can be written for those people who must find a third most preferred outlet for their paper.	0
By decreasing serendipity, the growth of Impatient Science within the academic community is, we believe, resulting in a loss in overall research quality.	4
The motor themes Intellectual-Disability and Neck-Pain and the basic or transversal theme Pain are those with the highest number of documents and impact measures.	5
Programs are blinded and coded only by region: NE, Northeast; SW, Southwest; MW, Midwest; and W, West.	0
Names were selected through the various national scientific societies and, since the target was economists, by collecting part of the data available on the RePec website, country by country.	2
A better understanding of the determinants of idea/knowledge production remains critical for long-run growth.	1
The data set, available online via Figshare, was analyzed using Microsoft Excel [11].	0
Here we show how our method works out in full using illustrative networks, and we then compare the results with those obtained using the BL method.	0
The h-index is calculated in Scopus and the Web of Science.	0
Funding awarded to orthopaedic surgery departments was compared with that awarded to departments of other surgical specialties in 2014.	3
The data will be synthesized by adopting the systematic interpretation of Moustakas (1994).	3
In order to determine the proportion of open full texts based on the WoS result, the authors relocated the records in GS, using an off-campus internet connection.	3
Our data consists of 142,742 publications (years 2015–2018) registered in the national information service, which integrates Current Research Information System (CRIS) data of 13 Finnish universities.	2
Across all the collaborations studied there existed a tension between the need for academics to publish in traditional academic outlets and the translation of results to industry partners and other end-users.	4
The URAP ranking includes 125 universities in Turkey whose publications were officially announced by the Council of Higher Education of Turkey in 2011.	2
The connectivity of the network was analyzed with Freeman's graph centralization index, which measures the number of existing links as a proportion of the links that would be present in a star graph of the same dimension.	4
This shows that Zukunftskonzepte winners subsequently obtained systematically less direct funding from the federal government than universities in the control group.	4
The Web of Science database was used for the data.	2
Therefore, the legitimacy of mobility imperative is further questioned.	5
The test revealed that Chinese and English ghostwriting companies differ in how they manage stigma, with three account types emerging: denial of victim, denial of responsibility, and condemnation of the condemner.	4
In this work, we characterized the impact of BET isotherm, using SCI-EXPANDED database.	1
The top twenty-five overall subjects written about from 1994–2004 are listed in table 2.	0
However, female authors also show advantage when it comes to the research influence.	4
Research question 1 Is the positive relationship between the paper's productivity and the paper's citedness from that of Derrick et al.	1
Second, given that some amount of uncertainty is unavoidable, how organizations choose to react to uncertainty is an important policy lever that can be more realistically adjusted.	5
The pre-questionnaire was distributed to all delegates upon registration and collected before the lunchtime session on the first day.	2
This paper is organized as follows: we will first review current studies on automated citation sentiment analysis and relevant scientometrics and linguistics studies that inspired the automated analysis.	0
We examine the case of teams engaged in the “double disclosure” of their research results through both publications and patents, and model the negotiation process taking place between junior or female team members and the senior (male) ones.	1
The publication record of pathology residents goes beyond the field of pathology, with most contributions to non-pathology journals.	5
Comparisons of continuous and dichotomous variables were carried out with t tests and Fisher's exact test, respectively.	0
As can be seen from the Figure, in general, the impact factors according to the three measures agree with each other for journals attaining small and medium values.	4
Collection and analysis of all available data allowed for the identification of research- performance indicators and of some of the associated evaluation processes for 33 of these universities.	2
Some of the major vulnerabilities of the VQR 2011-2014 are: (1) the fact that evaluations cover a relatively small fraction of the scientific publications produced by the researchers involved in the evaluation, (2) incorrect and anachronistic use of the journal metrics (i.e., ISI Impact Factor and similar ones) for assessing individual papers, and (3) conceptually misleading criteria for normalizing and aggregating the bibliometric indicators in use.	4
We analyze the knowledge support capacity of previous studies from three aspects: the quantity, timeliness, and textual support of references.	1
Our studies suggest that the transparency of Altmetric.com scores is insufficient, with problems such as the exact range of data sources tracked, the changes of the score, and the accurate weights of sources that are attributed to AAs.	5
The share of US articles referencing the NYT grew from 0.77 percent to 1.25 percent between 1980 and 2010.	4
Frequency analyses, cross tabulations, and qualitative analyses of open answers were used to examine the data.	3
Shortening the time to apply for an adjunct professorship is possible in 45% (n = 17) of the cases.	4
Scopus has the largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature.	2
Using this dataset, this study addresses the following high-level research questions:	1
The award recipients annually until completion of the NIF applications via a short electronic survey.	0
We aimed to use a variety of bibliometric parameters to assess the productivity of neurosurgeons working in the United Kingdom.	1
This enabled the calculation of disparity ratios between the world shares of forest publications and the world shares of forests.	3
However, an argument for choosing Stirling index is that this index can be decomposed into its within and between components much easier than another index.	5
I gratefully acknowledge the help by Uta Heidenreich (journal and article search) and Dr.	0
As predicted, participants rated research findings from preprints (M = 4.00, SD = 0.93) as less credible than research results from peer-reviewed journal articles (M = 5.63, SD = 1.34), t(51) = 10.06, one-sided p < .001, dz = 1.39 (see Fig.	4
The study analyses 40 years (1971-2010) of publication data drawn from Web of Science (SCI-Expanded).	2
We then report on the relationships between demographic variables (gender and race/ethnicity) and career-related variables (academic rank, discipline, and h-index) of these authors.	3
Specifically, we analysed the effect of advisors and collaborators on faculty placement, controlling for a candidate's h-index, gender, prestige of degree-granting institution, and position openings.	1
The SurveyMonkey tool was used to design and implement the questionnaire.	3
To make sure the differences shown in Table 2 are significant, a Chi square test was conducted and the result revealed that a statistically significant difference indeed existed in CPD among chemistry, mathematics, and physics (p < .05).	3
Through a comparative analysis using a set of empirical data from the fields of chemistry, medicine, psychology, and the Harvard survey data, the performance of the F&O approach is compared with those of other methods to demonstrate its benefits by the criteria of lack of fit and coefficient of determination.	2
The findings of the current study also highlight an apparent inability of the hIa to correct for publication differences in the humanities, and perhaps some social sciences.	5
The remainder of the paper will bring answer to these questions.	0
The results should not be interpreted in the spirit of (macro) economic determinism.	5
We would like to thank the staff of Flinders University Medical Library for their assistance with the search terms utilized in this paper.	0
The study uses measures from the social network analysis method, including degree centrality, betweenness centrality, eigenvector centrality, and effectiveness, to investigate the effects of social networks in the area of cancer research.	3
The results ultimately confirmed the existence of order-effect bias in journal ranking surveys.	5
In conjunction with latent class analysis, this yielded the implied relative importance of each researcher responsibility.	3
Career advancement was an even more prevalent motivation.	4
The faculty and their associated academic ranks were identified using the departmental websites at each university.	2
Compared with a simple exponential or biexponential model, a stretched exponential model with a time-dependent exponent well describes long-tailed popularity dynamics of online articles.	4
In total, between 1985 and 2010, there were 14,526 OM-related articles published by 14,127 unique authors who were affiliated with 1994 different institutions.	2
Results: There is a clear will, particularly of political and funding organizations, towards open access publishing.	4
This result reflects countries' research policies and implies that specialty research areas differed by country.	5
The results of the study reveal that Clinical Otolaryngology has made steady bibliometric progress when the impact factor (IF) is considered with a gradual increase in impact factor from 1.098 in 2006 to a peak of 2.393 in 2011.	4
The first task is to validate the conception of waypoints and identify additional waypoint variables.	3
The “other” category is composed of seven minor career development programs.	0
The graph highlights a burst of the words ‘skill’, ‘level’, ‘innov’, ‘qualiti’ and ‘improv’ between 2005 and 2008.	4
The first group (A), including Physics, Geosciences and Engineering profiles shows low Betweenness centrality and a high Clustering coefficient.	4
The final PM5 map consists of 28,743 clusters containing 18,160,327 documents.	4
In academia, scientific publications are a critical aspect of developing a career.	0
The Canadian Psychology Association (CPA) Graduate Guide for 2010–2011 (Canadian Psychology Association, 2010– 2011) was consulted to examine which Canadian universities included psychology graduate programs.	2
However, the significant contributions from other surgical specialties to the aesthetic surgery literature cannot be ignored.	5
The Pearl River Delta urban agglomeration was consistent with the first two urban agglomerations.	4
Similarly, books and book chapters dominate the list (which is interesting, given the accepted wisdom that journal articles are the 'gold standard' of the REF), with only six journal articles, with Ferrera (1996) ranked highest at eleventh.	4
Moreover, we will assess the research output and journal metrics among oncology journals.	1
The simplified procedure used the scores of the two panel members, with or without the score of an additional, third expert.	3
In conclusion, our results suggest that quality censoring may be a real problem in peer review, and it should be taken into account when making decisions about reviewers.	5
By our estimation Google Scholar, with 389 million records, is currently the most comprehensive academic search engine.	1
Among the 1830 publications of the US LIS schools, 1377 (75%) are co-authored, with 1049 national collaborative publications and 328 international collaborative publications.	4
Firstly, all Usage Difference are higher than 1.0, which means funded papers get more usage than non-funded papers.	4
Context-based profile assignment At this stage, each researcher in the input list is assigned to a number of profiles found in the different data sources.	3
In the RSU, 84.2% of the total faculty show a performance superior to the 80th national percentile.	4
The results of this paper could be useful in providing LIS researchers a snapshot of how the LIS field has evolved over a period and facilitate selection of research topics of current interest.	5
The results show that the quadratic term of the z-score distribution is statistically significant and negative.	4
Their perceptions that high IF clinical journals are viewed as less prestigious in this field can lead to publication strategies that run counter to advice given to junior faculty.	5
Topic structure accounts for 14% of the variance in an article's scientific impact, while all author, reference, and linguistic attributes jointly account for 25%.	5
This is based on the observation that a majority of papers are assigned with 10 keywords and the rest share roughly equal probability of having from 1 to 9 keywords (Appendix B).	0
We use bibliographic information on 0.58 million publications from the 2013-2016 period.	2
Given that these elements are the hook to readers, we urge scientists to restrict jargon to sections of the paper where its use is unavoidable.	5
This approach yielded a total of 1139 papers spanning from 2007 (the year of journal indexing in the WoS database) to the present.	2
Considering that Information Science & Library Science (LIS) is a typical interdiscipline, we collected the research papers in the LIS field from Web of Science (WoS) as the experimental data in this study.	2
However, this study has two main limitations: the time lag of highly cited papers and the dynamic evolution of interdisciplinary research.	5
The USA had the highest percentage of articles in the top 10 journals, while China owns the least.	4
It responds to the question whether different cost sharing models lead to the same or different financial burdens for research organizations.	1
The correlation between the two measures is impressive.	4
Depth is the number of layers from one node to the leaf of its brunch.	3
The researchers have used the terms of digital library, digital libraries, electronic library and virtual library by selecting the period of publication from 2002 to 2016.	2
Researchers from higher-income countries were commonly involved in research conducted in lower-income countries, which was only rarely seen in reverse.	5
Mobility score is applied to measure the frequency of mobility.	3
For this analysis we group together Mathematics with Computer Sciences and Psychology with Social Sciences.	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Then the database was filtered by “document types=articles or reviews" and "Languages= English", finally generating a unique database which includes 619 publications.	2
Estimated results (summarized in Table 5) show no significant prestige effect on the positivity, subjectivity, or sentence-level sentiment (Sentimentr) of the review.	4
Among those that were identified, women made up 9.7% of nano-inventor observations and 5.6% of the inventor observations in the overall tech area.	4
The author is an Editorial Board Member/Editor-in-Chief/Associate Editor/Guest Editor for [Journal of Informetrics] and was not involved in the editorial review or the decision to publish this article.	0
We use Salton's Cosine Index which varies between 0 and 1 [39].	3
First of all every research paper in the data is classified into different thematic areas in a systematic manner and then standard scientometric methodology is used to identify and assess research strengths of different institutions in a particular research theme (say Artificial Intelligence for CS domain).	3
This study found that accountable entities were more identifiable in the retraction notices published since 2010 than in those published before 2010.	5
Most documents were recorded from the USA (36, n = 216) and England (29, n = 216).	4
To investigate the relationship between inventor status and evaluators' perceptions of the commercial potential of inventions, while holding constant the quality of these inventions, we conducted two randomized experiments with a 2x1 between-subjects design (N=122, N=121).	3
3 Ageing patterns by area and durability types of publications (publications with at least five external citations)	0
The IF of general medicine journals exhibited faster growth compared with radiology journals (β = .02; 95% CI: .02, .03; P < .001; adjusted R2 = 0.97).	4
In China, Russia and Taiwan, academic institutions are more heavily involved than their corporate counterparts, an unexpected outcome given the nature of their patenting activities.	4
In this paper we propose a general construction method for aggregation operators that may be used in assessing output of scientists.	1
The findings of the present study, which investigates the primary misconduct behaviours that researchers encounter during the peer-review process, indicate that editors (in comparison with authors and reviewers), as well as more experienced reviewers, encounter unethical behaviour more often during the peer-review process.	5
Our sample comprised 43 master's and doctoral students in psychiatry (n = 28 and n = 15, respectively) at the University of S?o Paulo School of Medicine, in S?o Paulo, Brazil.	2
From this comparison, it can be concluded that journals found in both the SJR list and JCR list have a higher impact than journals found in only the SJR list but not the JCR list.	4
We shall slightly modify our earlier approach1,2 and now curate lists of India's presence in 2022–23 Best Global Universities Rankings and the corresponding Subject Rankings.	1
From financial year 2000/01 through 2011/12, HMR investment increased by 232% from $1.49 to $4.94 billion (current prices adjusted for inflation), while PubMed publications increased by 123% from 10,696 to 23,818.	4
The proportion of sole-authored articles was significantly higher among faculty in the top 10 sociology programs than in the middle or bottom 10 programs.	4
To identify research articles about editorial and publication issues in the biomedical sciences, we conducted this pilot study with a MEDLINE search using the following title search terms: "publication", "editing", "peer review", "authorship", "plagiarism", "contributorship", "editorial polices", "publishing", "publication bias".	3
This milestone stimulated an interest in conducting a general bibliometric analysis of the principal trends that have occurred in the journal during this period.	1
According to our conservative criteria, editors failed in 66% of the cases when they classified works as qualitatively inadequate for publication supposing negative external reviews.	4
Statistical tests show that documents written by two authors receive more citations per document and year than documents published by more authors.	4
Received October 26, 2011; revised February 5, 2012; accepted February 6, 2012	0
Similar to Aguillo et al., we used Bar-Ilan et al.'s (2007) Inverse Rank (M) measure to compute the similarities among global and national rankings.	3
A word appearing in the extraction period is determined to be a new word if it is not included among the base words.	3
An intuitive explanation is that invariance to aggregation is a local property (it modifies only the citations directly affecting the journals to be united), while self-consistency considers the global structure of the citations as it depends on the quality of the journals.	5
We collected data on the included journals from Scopus Source List on 1st of November 2018.	2
What this study has shown conclusively is that the monograph is still king when it comes to doctoral research in Spanish and Portuguese at Rutgers University, whether the research is in the social sciences or in the humanities.	5
Authors who use 18% or more of their references for self-citation are significantly more likely to have NSC Gini distortions, suggesting a potential willingness to coerce others to cite them.	4
The compulsory NTU RI education modes (Epigeum e-learning and 'policy') enjoyed higher participation rates of 70–80% compared with 32–37% for the self-regulated modes (DMP workshop and e-newsletter).	4
The data reveal that the three main publishing countries were the USA, China, and England with Italy closely following.	4
A general taxonomy model is followed for analysing scientific mobility using affiliation changes.	3
For each university, we searched the library's website for three types of information that could be easily gleaned from a website and that could indicate that a library is proactively helping researchers to avoid publishing in predatory journals: (1) whether the library employs a scholarly communication specialist; (2) whether the library offers any workshops/ training on predatory publishing; and (3) whether the library has posted any information about predatory publishing on its website.	3
Editorial Board members has steadily increased from 3% in 1986, 8% in 1996, 13% in 2006, and 28% in 2016 (Fig.	4
The authors have completed and submitted the ICMJE Form for Disclosure of Potential Conflicts of Interest and none was reported.	0
The findings suggest that moving researchers into the same building increases their propensity to collaborate, with the effect plateauing five years after the move.	4
This paper examines the concept of textbook eminence and asks whether this specific form of scholarly recognition is of a temporal rather than enduring nature.	1
I use the 2019 release of the UMETRICS data, which is housed at the Institute for Research on Innovation and Science (IRIS).	2
In an effort to assess the extent to which faculty applicants utilized these journals for publications and/or editorial board service, the members of the committee examined the publication and editorial board lists for each faculty applicant.	3
The data was collected using two procedures: first we included articles published in the 24 journals listed in the "Medical Informatics" category; second, we retrieved articles using the key words: "informatics", "medical informatics", "biomedical informatics", "clinical informatics" and "health informatics".	2
Also, we supplemented the paper data of totally 18 laureates from 2017 to 2022 from Web of Science and Scopus to the dataset2, and identified these laureates' Prize-winning papers according to the evaluation criteria proposed by Li et al. (2019).	2
Jointly published by Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
ICT research contributed to the resulting impacts, rather than bringing them about by itself.	4
Patent documents also offer competitive intelligence to support a company's business decisions.	0
Finally, visualisation of similarities (VOS) viewer software was used to present graphical representations of the bibliographic coupling, co-citation, citation, co-authorship and co-occurrence of keywords.	3
The data were then analyzed by SPSS using descriptive statistics (including frequency, percentage and mean) and inferential statistics (including Chi square and T test).	3
ORL-HNS articles were identified based on a detailed search term constructed on Scopus (Appendix S1).	2
Fifth and finally, we test our hypotheses using the full texts of all 1,646 research articles published in the Strategic Management Journal (SMJ; 1980-2014) as our corpus.	2
Based on an analysis of these regression models, the simplest equation that also had the highest R2 value for predictability is presented in Table 5.	4
A semantic network was built based on each title of the awarded research document by category.	3
The data analyzed was composed of the research metrics of 49 young scholars in fundamental and applied research carried out at a technical university in the Czech Republic.	2
To obtain information about the current position of the 3,805 graduates for whom the programs either lacked valid email addresses (1,647 graduates) or who did not respond to the survey (2,158 graduates), we asked each program director to categorize the current position of these individuals and return the deidentified aggregated information.	2
Another possible combination, not revealed by the illustrative data, would be a low synchronous rate associated with a low diachronous rate.	0
We present and discuss our results, based on data gathered from close to 3000 papers from 12 top-tier Computer Science/Computer Engineering conferences belonging to different research fields.	2
The overall response rate to the questionnaire was 38% (42/110), a rate that is consistent with basic paper-and-pencil interview responses.	4
A total of 779 articles were searched from the AL database.	2
For all the countries, the cited percentage of papers collaborating with the other G-20 countries was higher than the indigenous papers.	4
In terms of policy implication, the results suggest similar importance of both capital and labor in the production of scientific outputs.	5
Our study seeks to analyse the structural aspects of scientific research published in the 10 years of IJIMAI, although we also disclose information about the most cited papers of the journal.	1
H2b: Scientific papers cited by the examiner rank second to indicate the linkage between science and technology.	1
Publications authored by doctoral students received significantly more citations (average of 23.2 citations per publication) than those publications authored by master's students (average of 17.1 citations per publication).	4
Similarly the current study identifies no significant difference between the average hIa-index of associate professors and full professors, which is consistent with prior research.	4
2020), includes an overarching strategy on how to develop and implement RI education that is engaging for all involved in research, and tailors training to disciplinary-specific contexts.	5
To determine the academic standing of reviewers (i.e., how academically accomplished they are), we employed the h-index, a widely recognized measurement of scholarly impact (Bornmann & Daniel, 2005).	3
Male reviewers generally contribute to review work more frequently than females; however, female reviewers write longer reviews.	4
Contract grant sponsor: National Natural Science Foundation of China; contract grant number: 71673131.	0
A principal component analysis (PCA) was also carried out in order to determine the position of the aggregated units (types and universities) in relation to the page count and visibility variables.	3
For the keywords of citation bursts, the burst detection algorithm can be suitable to measure sharp increases in interest within a short timespan [18].	3
Second, we find that PhD students who move abroad after obtaining their PhD have a higher number of connections compared with other students.	4
Firstly, this process commodifies research and its product, publication.	4
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/26649725	0
To analyze the proportion and patterns of redundant publications associated with index articles published in two major Indian psychiatry journals.	1
The odds that an OA journal is referenced on the English Wikipedia are about 47% higher compared to closed access, paywall journals.	4
The names assigned to each archetype are figurative but reflect an implicit hierarchy in science.	5
In this article, we consider the effects of paying direct incentives for publishing and argue that there is indeed the possibility that academic quality is sacrificed in the interests of receiving the incentive.	1
We will discuss the definition of “information freshness” in detail in Section 4.3.	0
Callon's clustering method was also used to generate keywords clusters.	3
The required data were collected between 11 November 2013 and 10 December 2013 using Developer Shed (an online open site explorer service) and commercial search engines (Google and Bing).	2
Ultimately, a strong and widely adopted preprint culture in ecology and evolution may help facilitate greater preprint usage among historically marginalized groups, aiding in career development for those who are underrepresented in the field.	5
This study has shown that all citation-based measures, particularly the H index, reflect this form of Mathew's effect in science.	5
For the 61 Scopus accounting journals, bivariate regression was used to estimate Scopus CiteScore percentile based solely on citations per article.	3
After deleting the Editorial, Letter and Correction from document types due to their single-authored nature, 24,308 documents form the population of this study.	2
Correspondence to Dr Elizabeth Wager, Sideview, 19 Station Road, Princes Risborough, HP27 9DE, UK; liz@sideview.demon.co.uk	0
Our procedures for structuring and analyzing the data utilize the PHP server-side scripting language; visualizations apply the HighCharts JavaScript visualization library (http://www.highcharts.com/, free for noncommercial use and use by non-profit organizations); and searchable HTML tables leverage the Editablegrid JavaScript library (http://www.editablegrid.net/, available under the MIT license).	3
Lastly, the data in this study are open to expansion, with new studies being published each day, and the increasing trend of publication number might go on for longer than is expected from the proposed model.	0
Therefore, this paper aims to introduce multi-dimensional bibliometric analysis to depict a full picture of the governmental agency's activity details in a public-granted innovation scheme.	1
The concentration of countries is even starker for PhD degree and current jobs.	0
The 5 top cited journals in 2012 were I&EC Res., J.	4
Because of the skewness of citation distributions, we apply a log transformation of the article impact and add one to allow for the inclusion of uncited publications (Y = ln(Article impact +1)).	3
The main criteria for determining the excellence of both researchers and research centres, or even of the nation as a whole, is the number of articles published, weighted against the ranking of the journals in which they feature.	3
We identified 651 research outputs on the topic of COVID-19 in the form of preprint, report, journal article, dataset, and software/code published by Imperial College London authors between January to September 2020.	1
The role of conference proceedings for scientific communication varies among the different research fields.	1
The main finding is that the size and quality of authors' networks are positively related to their productivity; this is understood as evidence of assortative matching.	4
Measures are collected over four different categories, namely, individual information, institutional information for work and graduating universities, location of universities, and official evaluation of the quality of environmental science/engineering programs by the Chinese Ministry of Education.	2
The re-emphasis of the values of academic integrity and development of strategies to cope with this widespread phenomenon have thus become indispensable.	0
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/367597635	0
The organization is a partner of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) and also works with Portico and the LOCKSS initiative for digital archive preservation.	0
It intends to provide a mapping procedure, based solely on measurable criteria, aiming at visual inspection of the outcome, which allows the introduction of two types of indicators at different phases of the process.	1
In about one third of JCR groups, about half the journals changed their rank order when 1–5 citations were added.	4
This study aims to determine which of the two databases, WoS or Scopus, produces the most replicable h-index scores when calculated by different individuals.	1
The fly in the ointment is that its comparison is especially weak in objectivity.	4
The possible effect of the ambiguity of names is discussed in section “Influence of ambiguity of author and organisation names”.	0
Individual factors are usually treated biographically, e.g., Z's father died of cancer in Z's youth, leading Z to a lifelong dedication to cancer research.	0
In this study, we applied bibliometric methods to the global literatures on Picea, focusing on studies published over the last 15 years.	1
As there is no consensus on criteria or strict definition of predatory journals, we selected a list of health and biomedical sciences journals from a publisher considered by many to be predatory, including the US Federal Trade Commission [5–8].	2
In conclusion, (1) the relevance of a sporting approach to taekwondo has been corroborated through the analysis of research areas, subjects, topics, and journals' orientation and citation scores; (2) research on taekwondo has been strongly based on collaboration among authors, institutions and countries.	5
The publication of papers on editorial research seems to be dispersed.	5
(2014), for example, the mean difference in the number of graphs produced by individuals compared with those produced by groups was only that of 0.99 graph.	4
The paper describes the history, current structure and user possibilities of RISC.	1
This work was supported by The Finnish Cultural Foundation, Pirkanmaa Regional Fund.	0
Valid data were formatted and inputted into the visual Citespace software to draw up the knowledge map of Advances in Psychological Science.	3
We conclude that the TCT has a pervasive influence on a large array of IB research and that Hennart's work is boundary-spanning, connecting several research themes.	5
We thank several colleagues who have reviewed these formulations; in particular, Kevin Boyack who suggested changes to the integration calculation.	0
According to Avramescu, each curve has different meaning as depicted in Figure 1, where (1) refers to initially much praised articles, (2) basic recognized work, (3) scarcely reflected work, (4) well-received but later erroneous qualified work, and (5) genius work.	0
The current Crowd-Authoring approach, or any possible alternatives, should be intended to help make academic knowledge production more collective and less solitary, since 'path-breaking work is necessarily the outcome of collaborative activity rather than individualistic scholarship' (Cronin, 2001, p.	5
In this paper, we used co-authorship as the evaluation criteria for collaboration, and probed into the status of cooperation in the field of Chinese humanities and social science in respects of degree of cooperation and cooperation relationship.	3
Given the prestige of JASSS, this analysis can measure the growth and dynamics of social simulation and give us an indication of the direction in which social simulation is moving.	1
The US sports medicine literature, specifically AJSM? and Arthroscopy?, has not demonstrated that trend, likely due to the growing presence of women in orthopaedic surgery.	5
We used “All categories" filter to have information about the general interest to the two journals.	3
The country-based Impact Factor is calculated as explained in Fig.	3
The median number of topics covered was 10.5 for ICMJE member journals, 10 for English-language journals, and three for Japanese-language journals.	4
Topics that are less well-represented in anaesthesia literature (e.g.	5
Bibliometric analysis of 104 articles is used to show the evolution of the topic, the geographical dispersion of authors who contributed to it, and the visibility of the literature.	3
The search criteria were the following: TITLE: ("HIV AIDS") OR TITLE: ("Human immunodeficiency virus") OR TITLE: ("acquired immune deficiency syndrome") OR TITLE: (hiv-1).	2
Using analogies from physics we introduced the notions of instantaneous velocity and instantaneous acceleration to describe the dynamic process of citation diffusion.	5
We conducted 16 sessions, each involving 9 participants, using the experimental software nodeGame (nodegame.org).	2
A directory of RI called Reviewer Index Directory [RID] should be made for each Publishing House/Journal and then compiled into a single Global Reviewer Index Directory [GRID] in which RI of a reviewer could be added for different journals.	3
SCImago Research Group has retrospectively assigned all non-patent references in the various members of a family to each patent in that family.	3
Based on the findings of our study, we conclude by considering the beneficiaries of research in this area, including bibliometricians, students, and science policy makers, among others, as well as laying out a research program that expands the number of disciplines, considers shifts in socio-epistemic identities over time and applies these methods to nonacademic epistemological communities (e.g., political groups).	5
Therefore, we considered 282,766 publications (including multiple counts resulting from authors at different institutions).	2
External self-concept motivation was found to be significantly higher among younger scientists.	4
Bibliometric mapping is a tool that allows you to visualize the academic production, as well as the publication trends over the years.	3
The table summarizes the h-indices related to research on ovarian cancer and published by the countries investigated	0
The analysis employs data from the Human Resources in Research Flanders (HRRF) dataset, which keeps track of all registrations and appointments of the entire pool of scientific staff (PhD students, postdoctoral researchers, professors) of the five Flemish universities from 1 October 1990 to 30 September 2017.	2
We calculate this independence indicator in the following way: we divide the number of all topical clusters where the researcher is active but the supervisor(s) is not by the sum of these own clusters and the joint clusters of the researcher and the supervisor(s).	3
To test the relationship between IDR and local research orientation, we used logistic regression.	3
Each of these questions has important implications for research policy in the broad area of cancer research in India.	1
Incites? was used to evaluate the relationship of Brazilian scientists with their internal and external partners as well as the institutions financing these relationships, from 2004 to 2019.	2
Our analysis demonstrates that biomedical-related disciplines are the dominant disciplines in coronavirus-related research, including Medicine, Immunology and Microbiology, Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology.	5
As long as French researchers remain reticent, these sites will not be able to provide the services for which they were created: addressing the problem of author misidentification, consequently providing exhaustive access to scientific production and bibliometric indicators of individual researchers and their institutions.	5
We also found a positive correlation between the performance of preprints and their corresponding journal papers, which confirms the consistency in academic community evaluation (peer review and citation) and general public attention (measured by altmetrics indicators).	4
To gain a comprehensive understanding of Malaysian gold OA publications, this study conducted searches in July 2024 using the WoS citation database.	2
Firstly, this article considers both the discipline difference and time factor in the citations, which enhances the objectivity of MPA conducted on the interdisciplinary topics.	5
Each of the 2515 highly-cited documents in GSCP was searched for in the WoS (Core Collection) web interface.	3
However, more than 50% of the participants have used a scholarly piracy site at least once.	4
Finally, the paper concludes with some positive effects and limitations of the method.	0
Using direct measurements that are not dependent on self-reports, we detect significant rates of cheating in both environments.	3
U.S. institutional productivity for 2000-2009 for the above journals was the data for the study.	2
Sakai (2006) uses a bootstrapping approach for calculating the sensitivity of evaluation measures.	3
We investigated the similarity between scientific fields from different perspectives: an expert classification, a citation analysis and a newly proposed measure of linguistic similarity.	5
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
“Previous work” Sect provides an overview of existing research in the field.	0
For studying the structure of the publication set, we have specified topic category according to its title, annotation, and, in some cases, full text for every article.	3
These topics include therapeutics, disease forecasting, as well as growing areas such as “long COVID” and studies of inequality.	1
It was found that the University of Ibadan (91) is the most cited university in LIS research in Nigeria, followed by Delta State University (38), the University of Lagos (26), Obafemi Awolowo University (25), and the Federal University of Technology, Akure (21).	4
Objectives: To compare the research productivity of different Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries in the field of biomedical sciences from 2011-2013.	1
We would like to express our deep thanks to two anonymous reviewers for their comments and suggestions.	0
For each scientist, we collected his or her publication information from Scopus from 2009 to 2018.	2
T32 grants were most predictive of increased resident publications, while PhD degrees were not significantly associated.	5
The period covered was 2007–10 with citations gathered with a 5-year window (with 2012 as the last year for citations when the 5 years cannot be reached).	2
Specially, 103 scholars and 42 institutes have played key roles in the development, and 12 Chinese periodicals and 3 international journals have been the most influential outlets.	4
China and the U.S. were the most central countries (Table 1) in terms of degree centrality, acting as the network's hubs in IoT research.	4
By comparing the awardees and successfully elected Fellows against a list of outstanding citation-based top performers in the world, we report a marked field dependence with citation data predicting 0% to less than 40% of the peer-review selections depending on the field.	1
Section 2 provides a description of the bibliometric indicators used in the analysis.	0
Notable exceptions are China, India, and Brazil, which exhibit a steep increasing trend.	4
A search of the literature was conducted using Clarivate Analytics Web of Science to identify all orthopaedic publications by Australian and New Zealand authors from 1 January 2008 to 10 September 2018.	2
Using a sentiment analysis method, the study examined a collection of Scopus-indexed retracted papers, their retraction notices, and their tweets.	3
The survey consisted of several batteries of questions, as described in Table 1, which were answered by the leaders of the environments.	3
Firstly, given the strong differences in funding—and similar to the analyses undertaken by Pinar and Unlu (2020)—income per funding stream was recalculated as income per FTE.	3
The main objective of this work is to measure the effect of several important factors such as past productivity, scientific collaboration or career age of researchers, on the amount of funding that is allocated to them.	1
Then, co-occurrence matrices were generated by Bibexcel by considering the frequencies of each institution to visualize and analyze the network of institutional collaborations in the articles, instead of a co-occurrence using indices such as cosine, Jaccar, proximity, inclusion, or the Pearson's correlation coefficient (Wagner and Leydesdorff 2005a).	3
An online questionnaire answered by 375 academic staff from four developing Saudi universities that are Taif University, Taibah University, Jeddah University, Hail University—was used to determine the relationship between information technology factors and research performance together with other factors such as university policy, international collaboration, research funding and job satisfaction.	2
Citations were classified as offering clear support (category 1) if the cited article provided unambiguous support of the statement, either via statements in the text of the cited article or the results presented.	3
Two community analyses are provided here as proof of concept for the new deployment of SNA tools in literature review protocols.	4
As this study has shown, the problem of quotation errors exists at roughly the same frequency in history journals as in journals for other academic disciplines.	5
The aim of the study was to examine whether IFA of journals indexed in the Journal Citation Reports 2013, “Medical Laboratory Technology” category, are written in accordance with the latest recommendations and whether the quality of instructions correlates with the journals' IF.	1
For each independent variable, Cohen's d was calculated as the standardized mean difference between SSWR and AASWSW fellows.	3
The CORE API Client library, developed in Rust, is designed to streamline access to the CORE database of open-access scholarly papers.	1
Such bibliometric analysis might be useful in creating future of India.	0
The 100 articles identified in this study deserve to be viewed as influential.	5
This was confirmed by interviews I recently conducted with seven mathematicians about their proof validation practices, although some of the interviewees mentioned that using more than one referee is the standard practice of some of the very top-ranked journals.	4
These are compared with two large databases of surnames and given names to determine to which of some 160 different ethnic groups they are most likely to belong.	3
We also use random variations in our creation of artificial logs.	0
The comparisons between the original and new rankings show that many universities improve in the rankings, while some universities from particular countries drop in the rankings due to the scores obtained from the environmental and resource indicators.	4
Among the participants, the majority (72%, n=366) believed that online networks in general were important to their role as researcher (responding agree or strongly agree), and most (94%, n=478) used at least one social network other than RG for academic purposes, with an average of three.	4
This study employs an integrated and extended theory of planned behavior (TPB) framework within a cross-sectional survey design.	3
For that reason, we aimed to identify and quantify the citation before and after retraction of articles reporting a radiological diagnostic.	1
The most productive institution was the American University of Beirut, Lebanon, with 6.3 % of total publications.	4
To explore the quantity/quality issue in a rigorous fashion, we assembled three data sets covering all staff employed by New Zealand's eight universities as at 2000, 2006 and 2012.	2
At this point, a new data column, labeled “Section,” was added in which the headings recorded in the Location column (as labeled by the individual citing authors) were each assigned to one of the following sections that represent the typical overall structure of scientific papers (Doumont, 2010; Suppe, 1998): Introduction, (Theoretical) Background, Related Work/Literature Review, Methodology, Findings/Results, and Discussion/Conclusion.	3
One-third (33.4%) admitted that they had added authors who did not deserve authorship credit.	4
Turkey, with 1529 documents, was the most active in publishing research in the field of forestry, followed by Iran (726 documents) and Israel (219 documents).	4
In general, articles funded by both the public and private sectors obtained the greatest values for almost all the analysed variables (NP, Q1, mean number of authors and organisations, and proportion of articles with national collaboration).	4
The expected peak lags for paper-paper citations and paper-patent citations are 4.31 and 6.00 years, respectively, while the medians are 4 and 5 years, respectively.	4
As no discipline remains static, the aim of this paper is to present a methodology for conducting literature reviews that can complement traditional content-based reviews by revealing the dynamic evolution of a discipline.	1
utility patents registered between 1992 and 2012, which were downloaded from Google’s United States Patent and Trademark Office Bulk Downloads Web site, are matched to SCI publications (database years: 1992–2011) by using the combined algorithms developed so far.	4
the paper has had a very interesting life, and its awakenings and “flash in the pans” coincided with important milestones in adhesive dentistry research, showing that his research had a major influence on the development of an important dentistry area.	5
This paper then examines the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation (CFF) and its venture philanthropy model that led to the development of the first drug aimed at the cause of cystic fibrosis: Kalydeco?.	2
On the bright side, as the prevalence is low, these mistakes per se probably do not significantly contribute to lower awareness of female researchers' achievements.	5
I conducted two-sample Wilcoxon tests to examine for differences in publication times between these two periods.	3
This study employs Author Keywords for conducting keyword co-occurrence analysis.	3
Finally, the main limitation of the present study was the use of one database (WoS) for data mining, which probably underestimated the amount of articles, authors, institutions and countries developing and collaborating on taekwondo research.	5
We are interested in the general problem [2,4] of quantifying the relationship between two scientific fields i, j through the computation of a dissimilarity measure D(i, j), i.e.	1
Overall, our results of the various analyses of the HBR we have looked at, including our own, are difficult to reconcile with what sociologists of science call the dominant view of popularization.	5
The demonstration testbed is the Parkinson's Disease literature (neurodegeneration) and the Crohn's Disease literature (autoimmunity).	1
Mathematically, the curves can be classified as lognormal-type, exponential-type, polynomial-type, wave-type and sleeping-beauty.	3
Therefore, the platform independent unique identifier DOI (Digital Object Identifier) is used to link data from different sources.	3
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 383794 []	0
According to the analysis results, there is a moderate positive correlation between the evaluation results of discourse influence and discourse leading of academic journals.	4
The period covered by our data are three full years (2013–2015) plus a part of 2016.	0
Citespace software was employed to generate the knowledge maps of country/institution, cited authors, cited journals, co-words and cited references related with anticancer drug research.	3
All of the 17 journals published by NCA and ICA were analyzed (See Table 1 for the names and ISSN of each journal).	2
To promote effective ORCID adoption in China or inform the development and implementation of a Chinese national researcher identification system, it is crucial to conduct empirical research on the current state of ORCID adoption in China.	5
We would like to thank Wolfgang Gl?nzel of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences for generously providing experimental data on the authors per article distributions used for his 2002 article.	0
We employed a bibliometric approach to study themes and characteristics of creativity research in Spain.	3
In the interviews carried out, the authors who occupy positions 2, 12, 14 and 17 were identified only once, all of whom were published in journals on chemical and material processes.	0
2 and Table 5, Bushehr University of Medical Scince had the highest number of citations received in the web environment, which shows that backlinks, although important SEO factors, but the ranking of sites in Google depends on all SEO items.	4
Following the public comment period, a survey of interested parties, as well as the application of a “thumbs up/thumbs down” voting/data gathering process, will be conducted.	3
Overall, this work sheds light on the underlying patterns of individual careers and has policy implications in supporting junior scientists engaged in exploratory research.	5
To account for the observations and the fact that people generally tend to switch between tasks23,24 we construct and apply an event-based model (Methods) based on multitasking: the work on a manuscript is constantly mixed with competing activities.	3
The Social Science and Humanities Research Council (SSHRC) is a Canadian federal agency that promotes and supports postsecondary-based research and training in the humanities and social sciences.	2
The aim of this paper is to extend our knowledge about the power-law relationship between citation-based performance and coauthorship patterns in papers in the natural sciences.	1
A paired t-test was conducted see whether there was a significant difference between perceived importance and actual performance.	3
We propose two applications of SNA to explore individual and collective interdisciplinarity in small research groups.	3
What does a successful interdisciplinary publishing process look like?	1
Furthermore, 500 of the OPR journals (81.0%) are published by only five publishers (MDPI, SDI, BioMed Central, Frontiers Media S.A., Kowsar).	4
Age emerged as another influential factor, suggesting either a preference for younger researchers or a perception of waning productivity among seasoned academics.	4
Of the 20 participants, 80% (16) were male and 20% (4) female, largely due to the early-to-late career stage ratio.	2
The problem is that, according to ESI methodology, the highly cited are not only the 1%-borderline paper and above, but all those that have received the same number of citations as the 1%-borderline paper.	4
The aim of this study is to analyze the main results of scientific output with international visibility from the principal producers of knowledge in the region of Latin America, together with socioeconomic and health indicators.	1
With this study we hope to improve our understanding of gender differences in science, by taking performance differences into account—something that is lacking from many former studies.	1
Three virtue domains emerged from the interviews' analysis: (i) intellectual virtues, (ii) social virtues, and (iii) interpersonal intellectual virtues.	4
The new indictor correlates with betweenness centrality significantly more than RS diversity.	5
The interpretation of the indicators is dependent on the client's needs.	0
As one can see, the observed data is strongly unidimensional: the first eigenvalue is substantially larger than the others and substantially larger than the randomly generated eigenvalue.	4
The purpose of the current approach is to complement the information of other methodologies in terms of interactions between the public and private sectors.	1
Our research is based on the first 3-Year Research Assessment Exercise (VTR 2001–2003) carried out in Italy, which was entirely peer reviewed and for which the evaluation scores assigned by reviewers to each publication submitted for evaluation are available.	2
In conclusion, the number of articles published from ML, TW and HK has increased significantly during the past 10 years.	5
From 2003 to 2012, the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) Web of Science lists a total of 161 journals within the subject categories of public, environmental and occupational health [28].	2
Using a previously published protocol [10], the 'cited reference search' (a component of the Science Citation Index) command was used for each of these journals to identify the most frequently cited articles.	3
Our dataset is built from three main sources.	2
For all papers included in the final sample, we used the publication year to classify a DSM reference into the different versions based on the publication years in Table 1.	3
The most productive author with constant and continuum scientific production over time was Felfili JM (in memorian) from the University of Brasília, which was the most productive university (~20% articles).	4
Driving forces for change rest on an enhanced definition of impact, which takes into account returns on investment and social benefits, with attention placed on the very value of works per se.	5
We employed participant observation at the 3rd and 4th International Forest Policy Meeting (IFPM3 and IFPM4) held 17.-18.	2
The single biggest advance has been the addition of manuscript management systems, which facilitate the management of submissions under review and communication between authors, editors, and reviewers.	5
Using the Web interface of the SSCI, bibliographic records were downloaded for the articles published in 1995, 1998, 2001, 2004 and 2007 in 20 social science disciplines.	2
Therefore, it appears that the QPT unintentionally contributed to steeper financial gaps in Germany's academic landscape.	5
For data extraction purposes, we choose this set of keywords to form a lexical query that is run on the USPTO database.	2
The interaction term of a common language and geographical distance (langdistw) is positive and significant in most specifications of the gravity model.	4
In this study, we use mathematical statistics and bibliometrics indexes to quantitatively analyse the gap between male and female authors in many aspects, including the output and influence in different level of journals and institutions, the dynamic evolution of output and influence and collaboration modes with gender disparities.	1
*No current impact factor as the journal was renamed International Journal of Rheumatic Diseases in 2008	0
Also, we used a bibliometric indicator TC2012 which is an invariant parameter, thus ensuring repeatability, in comparison with the index of citation from Web of Science which has been updated from time to time.	3
Another noteworthy finding is that references mentioned only once are much more highly cited than those mentioned many times.	5
First, we comment on a surprising finding for CdTe, CIGSe, and halide perovskites; these thin-film technologies have followed very similar efficiency vs.	4
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
From 2000 to 2016, it was found that the national output doubled from 2000 until 2015 (over 8000 articles) and close below that mark in 2016.	4
But on request, Narin made a copy of the paper available to C&EN.	0
The following keywords were used to find articles: art criticism and criticize arts.	2
An analysis was undertaken to determine whether the amount of biomedical research in each MENA country in 2011–18 was commensurate with its overall wealth as measured by Gross Domestic Product (GDP), and also with its respective population size (both for 2014).	3
Here, we leverage a comprehensive dataset we assembled, allowing us to trace the entire career histories of nearly all Nobel laureates in physics, chemistry, and physiology or medicine over the past century.	1
2102 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—October 2009	0
The focus of this study was centred on the effects of international research collaboration on the policy impact (rather than the academic impact) of research.	1
This study was based on the principles of bibliometrics by which different actions are performed in order to search, register, analyse and predict scientific literature (López-Belmonte et al., 2019; Martínez et al., 2015).	3
These findings are discussed in relation to the objectives of the IFS program and the characteristics of scientific research in agricultural disciplines in Latin America.	0
We present this indicator and test its relationship with interdisciplinary and atypical research combinations.	1
(2009) in exploring the geographical patterns of international collaboration in higher education research.	3
Convergence innovations were identified, with the advantage and influence of U.S. patents shown in a variety of areas, and their Chinese counterparts were concentrated in traditional Chinese medicine.	4
SAMI MAHROUM is a Scientific Research Consultant at the Netherlands Organization for Applied Scientific Research (TNO), Institute of Strategy, Technology, and Policy.	0
The method is thus able to connect peers and provide a basis from which to identify and recommend peers as one possible application, at least in the investigated case.	5
First, we select a group of 96 papers from the whole data set randomly.	2
The selection seeks diversity, drawing from the range of: 1) nationalities (twelve different nationalities); 2) professional age (PhD awarded, 1963–2009); and 3) disciplinary background, areas of expertise and methodologies used in their personal research.	2
Findings show that the 1246 articles published in these 10 predatory journals, and which are visible to GS, received 10,935 citations, with 8.776 citations per paper.	4
The correlation of parsimonious citers measure with citers (r = 0.907) and citations (r = 0.988) for the AAAI fellows case.	0
Here, we proposed a method to identify the paper that rediscovers a sleeping paper, known as a rediscovering paper, based on the citation network of the sleeping paper.	1
First, we counted the number of page views (pt) at time t (days) that can be normalized by the number of initially maximized page views (p0) at t = 0.	3
The collected focus group data was transcribed, translated, coded, and thematically analyzed with the use of QDA Miner Lite.	3
We also use the Jaccard coefficient to measure the degree of international collaboration in AI between countries.	3
For each journal, we randomly selected twelve primary research articles (n = 996) published in 2010 with multiple authors.	2
Our results suggest that there is a difference in the quality of the research of the institutes whereas DIW Berlin serves as the reference category left out in the estimation.	4
Only research funded by public funding bodies was collected and no private organisations were contacted for their investments.	2
The 15-year period is divided into five triennia: 2000-2002, 2003-2005, 2006-2008, 2009-2011, and 2012-2014 because research cycles typically last more than one year.	2
This is due to the coding of publication age: more recent years have smaller values.	0
This number was used to calculate the "Revealed Comparative Advantages" (RCA) of the scientific publication effort, adapted from the economic literature [18].	3
We tested this model both as a linear model and using a Poisson regression.	3
We note, however, that the cohort's production distribution is underestimated by Lotka's law.	0
The results show that the scientific capability of 158 countries has been changing for many years.	4
Wooldridge (1999) provides a Poisson quasi-maximum-likelihood (PQML) estimator, which, as long as the conditional mean is specified correctly, produces consistent estimates of β for any positive conditional distribution of CITvt (Poisson, negative binomial, or other).	3
Publisher's Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The per capita measurement was calculated by dividing the number of faculty per each program by the total point value accrued from the aforementioned objective metrics.	3
Four of the top five most downloaded books, broadly categorized as HSS monographs, were part of the Why We Post series: a series of books arising from a major European Research Council-funded digital anthropology project, led by UCL Professor Daniel Miller (Why We Post, n.d.).	4
The Tampa campus library currently employs 25 non-tenured faculty of various ranks per Fig.	2
El propósito de este trabajo por el cual ponemos de manifiesto que se puede trasladar la metodología que proponemos puede ser trasladada para la obtención del perfil cienciométrico de otras instituciones nacionales de salud donde la investigación sea parte de su quehacer.	1
assume that the probability of a paper to be cited in a specific discipline (Pcite) is comprehensively affected by three factors.	3
What does an evaluation of Iranian state university web sites show in terms of the main criteria of usability, functionality, reliability, and efficiency in WebQEM?	1
And this of course, brings me to the annual ritual of the Presidential Address.	0
In terms of citations received by PCB journals published in India, it has been observed that one article of physics received on an average 1.49 citations, followed by biology with 1.26 citations and chemistry with 0.45 citations.	4
Table 6 shows distribution distances of g-DMR and DMR from its real distribution for the chosen topics and the smallest one is shown in bold.	4
Only 1.5% of papers remain uncited after five years, while 12.8% accrued at least 100 citations.	4
The overall calculated h-index for neuro-surgery was 56.	4
A dataset of one decade formed a network which was analyzed with social network analysis (SNA) tool Pajek (de Nooy et al.	3
with six articles and 305 times citations followed by Fedorak P.	0
The primary aim of this study is to compare the authorship in the Journal of Neurourology and Urodynamics (NAU) and the International Urogynecology Journal (IUJ) across two categories: country members of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and non-members of OECD (non-OECD).	1
Affiliations of the authors: University of Cincinnati, Cincinnati, Ohio (TAM); Drexel University, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (KWM).	0
In total, 103 scholars had 4,684 publications (M=45.48, SD=34.00) with a total of 9,130 coauthors (M=88.64, SD=75.38).	2
These problematic papers are co-authored by scholars from at least 39 countries and are submitted to both predatory and reputable journals.	4
It focused on the 2014 cycle, during which there were 3,207 applicants, of whom 375 received starting grants.	2
The web-present females and males are equal in their numbers and productions.	4
The scientific production was extracted from the Italian Observatory of Public Research, a bibliometric database developed and maintained by the first two authors and derived under license from the Thomson Reuters WoS.	2
Received: 2 August 2011/Accepted: 15 September 2011/Published online: 29 September 2011	0
24.2% of papers with errata contained at least one major error that materially altered data interpretation.	4
LV Prasad Eye Institute (n = 58), Duke University (n = 44), and King Khalid Eye Specialist Hospital (n = 42) were the top-3 productive institutes.	4
The equation applies the alpha (x) element, which can vary from 0 to 10 depending on the research need of currentness and according to the researcher's perception for its variation.	3
We considered pairwise combinations of references in the bibliography of each paper (23, 24).	3
Only those graduates listed in American Men of Science (1944) were included.	0
We conducted a literature review of best practice in peer review.	1
Scopus found a total of 1330 documents published from 1983 to 2018.	2
This study aimed to describe group authorships in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (CDSR).	1
Finally, Xiaoming Liu and Karin Verspoor contributed by reviewing drafts of this manuscript.	0
In this paper, we report on the application of Google Scholar (GS)-based metrics in the formal assessment of research programs.	1
We find Austria at the top of the list, with 13.71% of total citations received being classed as important.	4
The Scopus information was obtained with an advanced query to filter by publication year and the “Refine results” option was used to collect information about the language and subject.	2
If a large, systematic difference in the prevalence of these two types of mistakes is found, it is proposed to be a manifestation of the adoption of the male-science stereotype by the citers.	5
Four factors were extracted by principal component analysis, the number of factors extracted being determined based on a combination of scree plot, total variance explained, communalities, and the differences between observed and implied correlations (Hair, Anderson, Tatham, & Black, 1998; Zhao & Strotmann, 2008).	3
A linear weighted kappa was used to measure rater concordance, with agreement of 98.3% and к = 0.92 (95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.861 to 0.957).	3
Our aim in this paper is to identify the topics on which these statements focus, and how topic variation predicts funding-relevant research environment quality profiles.	1
The following practices are considered to be reflective of poor journal standards, and, while they do not equal predatory criteria, potential authors should give due consideration to these items prior to manuscript submissions:	0
In the case study section, editors-in-chief, editors, and their international partners from each journal were interviewed face to face or via Skype individually.	3
Despite the criticisms and weaknesses of these webometrics criteria, they are critical to this equation and should be checked for authenticity and suitability of goals.	5
The enormous size of the Web means that any study can only use a fraction of it.	0
3 a The result of ranking scholars, b Similarity of the scholars to Image Processing	0
More specifically, big-name scholars' citation decision-making correlates most closely with citation inertia, with the correlation nearly three times as strong as that of other academics.	4
Notably, 69 of 100 articles were studied in the United States, and the National Institutes of Health sponsored 49 articles.	4
Globally, the UK ranks third in robotic surgical innovation, and the EU constitutes its prime collaborator.	4
Next, in order to explore the predictive value of nutritional habits in line with the factors explored in earlier studies, the consumption of cacao beans, milk (including other milk products such as butter), and wine per capita per year were collected for each country from the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations' website (FAO, http://www.fao.org, Accessed 13 Sep.	2
In this paper, we compare citations with metrics derived from users' activities (altmetrics) in the popular social bookmarking system BibSonomy.	1
How have the topic suggestions and the funding structure of NSSFC affected academic research?	1
Firstly, citation of a publication did not necessarily indicate that the research had influenced the policy process [14].	5
To overcome the interference caused by fluctuations in the citation curves, a smoothing method is first applied.	3
Table 4 shows that the substandard quality of review was most often identified as a problem.	4
Therefore, we conducted an investigation into the development of academic EM and other clinical specialties from 2000 to 2019, examining the data from the viewpoint of journal impact factors and category aggregate impact factors.	1
We compare the lead article with other articles using a parametric F-test and a non-parametric Wilcoxon rank sums test.	3
The study also reported the choice of print journals over OA journals for submitting manuscripts as dominant among the respondents in the current study.	5
This paper applies the Ijiri-Simon test for systematic deviations from Gibrat's law to citation numbers of economists.	1
Using citation analysis, this study identifies the most relevant journals in communication studies.	1
level of independence, autonomy, intellectual challenge and social status), are more likely to leave their host country and move to a third country than they are to return to their countries of origin.	4
In sum, we recommend an informational redesign of (a) the layout of the title page insofar as all authors and their most persistent correspondence information should be listed in alphabetical order of their family names, thereby clearly indicating the individual contributions using the CRediT taxonomy (Allen et al., 2014), (b) the in-text citations by using a numeric rather than an author-date-system, and (c) the bibliography so that the work's title appears as the first information and the names of the authors (listed alphabetically) are listed after the publication year.	3
This suggests that the local clustering approach reproduces the major topics identified by the global clustering approach.	4
Johnson ("Bob l'Apache") for his precious help with the English style of this work.	0
The reference class for the referees' status is "Professor", while for gender is "Female", the one for recommendation is "Reject".	0
Although qualitative studies are cited less frequently than SRs and RCTs, the median of 7 for 24-month citations for qualitative studies was almost the same as the median of the impact factor of the journal, BMJ, from which the surveyed articles were derived.	5
We offer an alternative axiom, which we dub Breadth Relevance, which rewards researchers who have consistent citation performance across their publications.	1
It can be seen from Figure 7 that the trends of color change are similar.	4
It then goes on to examine the relationship between the motivational sources identified, the samples demographics and scientific research performance.	1
Using the articles published in 24 periodicals included in the branch of business fields of the University of Texas at Dallas (UTD) journal list (2000-2012) as the data source, this article establishes the collaboration network of scholars of six different disciplines (i.e., business administration, management science, marketing, accounting, finance, and information science), analyzes the features of the network by utilizing the social network analysis approach, and studies the mode of interdisciplinary collaboration among scholars.	1
Based on the above results, we attempted to incorporate references into the algorithm to measure the credit of co-authors.	3
The research for this article was done as part of the SENSOR integrated project, funded under the EU 6th Framework Programme for Research, Technological Development and Demonstration, Priority 1.1.6.3: Global Change and Ecosystems (European Commission, DG Research, contract 003874 [GOCE]).	0
Finally, for each record, we extract the individual's first name and run it through the genderize.io algorithm (Demografix ApS, 2022) to infer the individual's gender.	2
3 AIDS was first reported to the scientific literature in 1983.	0
The citation analysis was used for a collection assessment project and continues to be used, along with other data to help assist with collection management decisions.	1
The dominant nationality is the United States (N = 1,704; 65%), followed by the United Kingdom (N=191; 7.3%), Canada (N=71; 2.7%) Australia (N=61; 2.3%) and Germany (N=54; 2.1%).	4
Figure 3- Annual rates of co-authorship in biomedical research articles from Lebanon (black line) and the United Arab Emirates (dotted line), 1988-2006.	0
The study covered all academic librarians either practicing or lecturing in tertiary institutions (Universities, Polytechnics, and Colleges of Education) in Nigeria.	2
the Kolmogor -Smi' nov statistic and Likelihood function are employed in this paper for parameter estima.on.	3
The analysis uncovers the key clusters, countries' co-authorship and evolution of research over the past two decades.	1
All data have been plotted but points have generally been suppressed in favour of connecting lines.	0
In summary, as previous studies have suggested that library holdings for books are plenty to be considered as the most promising source of scholarly impact assessment (Torres-Salinas et al., 2017), current research suggests to draw a distinction between Library Print Holding counts and Library Eholding counts in terms of level of impact captured and aspects of impact.	5
Authorship analysis was conducted on a total of 1643 pieces corresponding to all types of works, from peer-reviewed research papers to notes and reviews.	2
We will focus particularly on Average Adjusted Predictions (AAPs), Average Marginal Effects (AMEs), Adjusted Predictions at Representative Values (APRVs) and Marginal Effects at Representative Values (MERVs).	1
The RAS had a significant influence on Citations (F(3,629) = 3474, 141, p<0.001), Papers (F(3,629) = 4600.075, p<0.001), Frustration (F(3,629) = 639.942, p<0.001), and Skill (F(3,629) = 1179.250, p<0.001).	4
In this article, our goal is to present a larger study, covering half a century of Cambodian scientific output, and centering on subjects, authors, institutions and outlets, as well as citation, but limited to the Web of Science, because there is no equivalent to analyze Cambodian publications published in the official language of the country or in journals not covered by the Web of Science.	1
Whatever the personal paths of thought or inspiration might be, the public expressions of review authors appear to be dominated by explaining and describing the phenomena.	0
This study found that the trend toward OA publishing in the fields of radiology and nuclear medicine has slowed in recent years, although the percent cited (i.e., the proportion of documents that receive at least one citation) is higher for OA journals.	5
The consequence of most of these causes may be that women abandon their careers before men, or initiate their careers at a later age than men (see the recent work of Van Arensbergen et al.	0
The displayed information for each article consisted of the article title, journal title, publication year, abstracts, and citation count.	0
Our finding of a non-negative effect of editorship on citations corroborates our thesis that one of the motivations for editors may be to attain greater scholarly influence.	5
The maximum number of citations associated with a single publication was moderately correlated with academic rank (r = 0.49, p < 0.001).	4
All article titles and abstract were first segmented in vectors of 3-grams (substrings of three characters) with TF-IDF-weighted dimensional values based on the 3-gram title or abstract lexicon of the corresponding discipline.	3
Table 3 reports the results of seven OLS regression models in which we estimate the conditional size of the gender gap in research performance during doctoral studies, and study how the gender gap changes as new predictors are added to the models.	3
A cocitation network is an appropriate way to examine how knowledge is combined in scientific research work (Small, 1973).	3
In both paper-based maps, we found a distinction between water management and water technology “regions,” with specific research fronts and specific method-problem clusters within each of the two regions.	4
Indexing checks were first made against Compendex, on the Engineering Information Village platform, using the ISSN search function.	3
Our last global model is a varying intercept and slope (random effects) model.	3
To this end, we carried out a longitudinal analysis (1950–2013), running a generic query (filtered only by year of publication) to minimise the effects of academic search engine optimisation.	3
Students planning to do a specialization (OR = 3.25; 95% Confidence interval [CI] = 1.27–8.30), innovators (OR = 3.52; 95%CI = 1.30-9.52) and committed (OR = 3.39; 95%CI = 1.02–11.29), those who had previously published their findings (OR 9.13 IC95% 2.57-32.48), and were further in their medical education (OR 2.26 IC95% 1.01–5.07), were more likely to publish scientific papers.	4
The data set spans from 1965 to 2011.	2
In this paper, we propose a ‘scaling' approach to compare the scientific performance of Italian heterogeneous academic disciplines.	1
In general, bibliometrics demonstrate statistically significant difference in favour of Crete University medical school, while it was also found that self-citations have only marginal effect on the individual's research profile and the average indices.	4
In this study, we designed a four-layer multilayer perceptron neural network (MPNN) model to predict the clinical citation count of biomedical papers in the future by using 9,822,620 biomedical papers published from 1985 to 2005.	1
We test and support this prediction, using bibliometric cross-country longitudinal data for OECD and non-OECD countries, over the 1996-2015 period.	2
This article examines how macro-discourses of internationalisation and excellence shape formal and applied selection criteria for early-career researcher positions at the meso-organisational and micro-individual levels, demonstrating how tensions between the various levels produce inequalities in staff evaluation.	1
1) which gives an impression of the correlations between IF, AIS, and ES.	3
The VantagePoint program makes it possible to import the previously information obtained from the ISI WoS through filters developed by that company.	3
In the present paper we shall mainly deal with this issue.	0
All publication and citation data were retrieved from the Scopus database.	2
The Science Citation Index (SCI-expanded; 1900-2015) database, which is published by the Institute for Scientific Information Web of Science, was used to identify the top 100 articles that were cited on diabetic research.	2
As it grows, the field has become more complex and no scientist can now have a complete overview of this scientific community.	5
The Scopus Custom Data (Elsevier, 28 February 2014) used in this study covers the publication years 1996–2013.	2
Details of all NIAA research grants applied for and awarded between 9 December 2008 and 03 December 2015 were obtained from the NIAA, including: the description of the grant award; the applicant name; the country, city and institution to which the grant was awarded; the year the grant was awarded; the title of the project; and funding applied for and awarded.	2
Research shows that there is a masculine bias against female authors.	4
In an effort to understand the assessment of business ethics journals, the IDJ lists of business schools that are accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) were obtained and analyzed.	2
This article draws upon the US National Science Foundation's Graduate Research Fellowship Program (GRFP).	1
Experimental results show that international collaborations with greater persistence and moderate stability tend to produce high impact publications.	4
The research presented in this article is based on an analysis of data provided by PLOS, consisting of all comments (and associated metadata) left on articles since the launch of the very first PLOS journal (PLOS Biology) in 2003.	2
However, due to the large number of them (e.g., 25 terms produce 25(24)/2 = 300 co-occurrences), it is difficult to grasp what all of the numbers jointly mean.	0
The proposed metric is simple to implement and understand, and therefore holds potential for young universities that are strategically strengthening their research capabilities.	5
The computed metrics are weakly correlated but statis- tically significant with respect to its h-index.	4
The interviews revealed three salient ways in which the DPG afforded capacity in the research environment, namely in terms of organizational autonomy, flexibility in resource allocation, and human resource flexibility.	4
From 1996-2014, 1932 students from diverse backgrounds attended the workshop.	2
Figure 1 shows that of the 187 journals, 92 (49%) are no longer listed in the DOAJ web site.	4
We therefore aimed to analyze mistakes and misconduct in multidisciplinary and specialized biomedical journals.	1
Let I = [a, b] denote any nonempty closed interval of extended real numbers R = [-∞,∞].	0
The authors are grateful to Sergio Palomeque for his excellent research assistance.	0
Our research material was extended abstracts of projects in the field of linguistics supported by the Department of the Humanities and Social Sciences of the Russian Foundation for Basic Research (RFBR) (for our analysis, the Russian Foundation for the Humanities (RFH)) and posted on the foundation's website (1017 projects supported in 2010–2015).	2
The collected data includes information related to academic research publications, their authors, and the affiliations of the authors.	2
We construct the multi-layered classification by saving the clustering in VOSviewer as a partition file in Pajek (with the extension .clu).	3
The L2 Syntactic Complexity Analyzer (L2SCA; Lu, 2010) was used to assess the syntactic complexity of each abstract.	3
Section 2 provides a review of link analysis based ranking methods in academic social networks.	0
The number of publications per country was fractionalised according to the amount of unique contributing countries with the assumption that the relative effort of each collaborating author was lower in publications with many co-authors.	3
That is to say, one record will be allocated to one "publication year” in search results page first according to this record's online publication date field if this value is available (even when the final publication date is earlier than the online publication date).	4
We saw that using tags to group publications into topics successfully increased the correlation between the usage of publications within such a subset and their citations.	5
Specifically, it was considered the publication output of the authors' institution (i.e.	2
TrM must be analyzed in relation to its financial functionality—a key cog in a larger global strategy regarding R&D innovation.	4
As of January 2021, we have sent 1469 personalized solicitation emails to individual authors regarding 1239 manuscripts (accounting for the 230 solicited manuscripts that listed greater than one corresponding author; figure 2).	2
The collection of all the seed papers, denoted as C, was indexed using the Search engine Lucene with the BM25 model.	3
Table 2 Reported use of Google Scholar during an average semester (n=1141).	0
Population size, gross domestic product (GDP) per capita, percentage (%) of GDP allocated to research and development (R&D), and the total number of neurologists reported in each country were obtained from reliable published data.	2
Then, bibliometric indexes and fsQCA are combined to identify the antecedent configurations (combinations) that lead to the high research performance of these researchers.	3
The approximate number of different link pages of agricultural repository websites of Asia has been collected using Google’s search engine based on the advanced query syntax during 01-20 December 2019 to avoid errors associated with frequent website updates.	2
It further argues that this is dictated by how actors position themselves in relation to two opposing forces: those favouring the homogenization of research and those maintaining its heterogeneity.	5
Data imported included the Publons rank for that institute, the number of researchers on Publons, the number of Publons certified "Top Reviewer", the total number of verified reviews from that institute overall, the number of peer reviews completed in the last 12 months, and number of publications in the WoS core collection from that institute.	2
A squared-logarithm transformation was applied on raw size-dependent indicators to reduce the effect of scale on score distribution.	3
Analysing 20 million research articles and 4 million patent applications from across the globe over the past half-century, we begin by documenting the rise of remote collaboration across cities, underlining the growing interconnectedness of scientists and inventors globally.	1
English-language publications reach a CPP of 2.48 within a three-year citation window.	4
A total of 116 ECRs from the sciences and social sciences were recruited from seven countries (Table 1).	2
Note that interpolated values are used giving more detail to these relatively small values.	0
The algorithm examines correspondence between the above mentioned measures.	3
The study also concludes that research productivity among lecturers at the TU-K is affected by factors like insufficient funds, lack of mentorship, insufficient time, inadequate motivation and equipment.	5
Instead, if fractional counting is used, there is complete conservation of the counts of papers and citations and the fractional h-indices are 2, 0.833, 0.667, 0.833 and 1.667 respectively.	4
In the second phase, DSRS was applied on this reduced which generates a result that shows what percentage of the variability is explained by the given dataset.	3
Conflicts of interest are listed at the end of this article.	0
The predicted ethnicity was constructed using the Ethnea ethnicity classifier software (Torvik & Agarwal, 2016), which classifies names into ethnicities (e.g., Ian Foster is classified as English and Kang Shin as Korean).	3
In the key papers of Nobel laureates, there are special citation patterns integrating both qualitative and quantitative elements, called as ‘black-white swans’, ‘swan-groups’ and 'associated-sleeping-beauties' proposed in this paper.	5
To find out the appropriate weights for sections, we used Multiple Regression and Neural Network that are supervised machine learning models.	3
Instead, reviewers focused on the soundness of the manuscripts' arguments.	4
There is an overall upward trend in the output of Indian researchers in physiotherapy and a substantial increase is seen in the last 5 years.	4
Collection of data in studies of multiple authorship is not a difficult problem, as the bibliographic data containing the names of all the authors and the authors' institutional affiliations offer an unobtrusive indicator for the study.	0
Categorical variables were expressed as percentages and compared with Chi2 or Fisher exact tests.	3
The outcomes assessed in that study include research productivity, citation impact, clinical trial involvement, and numbers of collaborations of applicants who were admitted to the workshop compared to those who were not accepted as students in the workshop.	3
As reported in Table 5, for top-tier institutions, cross-tier collaboration showed a negative effect on research productivity in both the natural sciences (β = ?0.271, p < .001) and social sciences (β = ?0.338, p < .001).	4
For the description of the CRExplorer, we generated a sample by downloading all papers published in JOI from WoS (date of reception: June 2015).	2
Fig 1 Overview of the methodology used to identify first authors' e-mail addresses.	0
The AI or Specialisation Index, introduced by Frame [32], is a version of the Revealed Comparative Advantage Index (RCA) used more commonly in Economics to quantify the economic/production advantages of countries [55].	3
This work analyzes Wikipedia’s usefulness in determining the disciplines that exist at a certain moment through a data-driven methodology for detection of the concepts which Wikipedia’s community has defined as disciplines at that same moment.	5
Received July 3, 2008; revised October 13, 2008; accepted October 13, 2008	0
As a marker of quality, a mean IF for each country was calculated, using number of articles and journal IF.	3
The raw dataset containing all the publication information (i.e., name of article, journal information, etc.) was converted into a two-mode dataset (Borgatti and Everett 1997) containing authors' names (actors) in the rows and the 24 journals (events) in the columns.	2
Based on this strand of research, we developed and employed an analytical model to study research environments combining the two perspectives, internalist and externalist.	3
This study has found that AP research has grown tremendously in terms of productivity.	5
By scrutinising one of the most popular online academic platforms, ResearchGate, and one of the larger altmetric alternatives, Impactstory, we provide an analysis of the emergence of quantified academic selves in Web-based infrastructures.	2
The dataset comprises 3,156 researcher profiles with data covering ten years of career in scientific production with publication data from 2007 to 2016.	2
Using a loose (first initial and last name) matching algorithm, the StarBRITE system notified every known VICTR-supported researcher each time a new PubMed publication was detected.	3
The results also demonstrate that our algorithm performs better than other methods in selecting top ranking scholars with more cross-domain citation counts and measuring scholars’ scientific impact more comprehensively.	5
The objective of this paper is not to categorize authorship practices as legitimate versus illegitimate, but to provide empirical insights into the types of contributions and social factors that lead to authorship and inventorship.	1
From the perspective of policy-makers, there appears to be an existing nexus between collaboration, applied research and interdisciplinarity in the social sciences.	5
What is not apparent in the ranking in Figure 1, however, is how fast China's number has grown.	0
Therefore, this paper takes China's physical education discipline as the research object and uses the improved Zas-index model to identify outstanding talents under various research topics in the physical education discipline to make up for the deficiency of decentralized and unbalanced research in this discipline and create an objective and fair evaluation environment for sports researchers in nonmainstream or smaller fields.	1
Indeed, the coefficient of variation of the balanced worth values is almost four times that of the mean values.	4
This study utilized a three-round modified Delphi method.	3
If the region of the Basque Country is analysed, the distribution by sector of the inventive activity is similar to Spain, but the specific weight of some sectors is very different, for example: 'drugs, med chem' is seen as a more important sector in Spain but less so in the Basque Country, which also occurs with 'machine tools' and 'metals' but not in the opposite way.	5
Table 1 gives a quick overview over all our suggestions and how they improve transparency, accountability, and equality.	0
Compare this to five pages of open space to detail the project and budget.	0
Comparing, more specifically counting, the publications (limited to those included in the Web of Knowledge) of philosophers of education with those of all educational researchers (or with everyone else in the Faculty be it Psychology or Social Sciences as is the case for example in Belgium) is comparing apples and oranges.	5
This might be somewhat misleading, because only the Israeli prize winners had completed their careers.	0
Received Mar 31, 2015, and in revised form Jul 20, 2015.	0
Normality of data was tested using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test.	3
The Role of the Liver in Guanidoacetic Acid Metabolism in Man	0
In the comparison of JIF, the average of the OA journals in 1999 was 0.09, while it was 0.66 for SA journals.	4
Our study reaffirms the longstanding success of surgeon-scientists and their important contribution to both basic science and clinical research.	5
(The classification as ‘Review’ is derived from the Thomson- Reuters database, which uses number of references cited as its main criterion for classifying an article as a Review.	0
These findings suggest that the important roles of cooperation in the development of research competence and good mentorship in the acquisition of social capital by doctoral students should be emphasized.	5
As for the measurement of impact, we will use a weighted combination of field-normalized citations (counted at 31/12/2019) and field-normalized IF (measured at year of publication) of the hosting journal, whereby the weight of the IF decreases as the time citation window increases (Abramo et al., 2019).	3
For the 26 physicists from my home Institute of Physics at Chemnitz University of Technology I have harvested the Web of Science in January and February 2007 (Schreiber, 2007) and analyzed these data with respect to the g-index, too (Schreiber, 2008b).	2
While these scholars were ranked in order of h-index (highest to lowest) as the baseline, shifts in their ranks for the other metrics revealed more information beyond the impact of their scholarship.	5
A total of 846 documents were identified, and the results showed an upward trend in glass ceiling scientific production.	4
That is, research activities of accounting academics in the region are disempowered by the more potent, normative and cultural-cognitive pressures and are inadequately sanctioned by the regulative pressure.	5
Requests for reprints should be addressed to Craig Gjerde, PhD, Department of Family Practice, University of Iowa, Iowa City, IA 52242.	0
(2008) in the sense that a small number of institutions corner the highest percentage of impact.	0
Bibliometric scores were recorded from the iCite database, a research impact analysis platform developed by the National Institutes of Health, offering a streamlined approach to assess the influence and significance of scientific publications through citation metrics.	2
The tension and uncertainty brought about by the reforms have increased the anxiety and competition between scholars, undermining solidarity and compromising joint agency.	4
In Sections 2 and 3 we will first outline the key elements in the competitive environment surrounding Australian universities and build an argument for/against increasing concentration in the sector.	0
The final dataset contained 179329 Wikipedia articles with 784209 references to 549782 individual resources, mainly scientific articles.	2
Finally, as a unit, Europe is more likely to generate a higher level of international collaborative research with countries around the world.	0
This representation is based on a dendrogram constructed using cluster analysis techniques following Ward's method [17], from the keywords of the publications themselves.	3
The fitting mathematical model might be improved in the future, since the increasing trend in the number of publications might extend beyond what is expected according to the proposed model.	0
A symposium issue on a particular topic might skew citations if only a single year were to be examined, so data were drawn from JCR for a 5-year period (2009– 13) when available.	2
Proportionate share of different OA types in the non-funded Indian research publications.	0
The data are stored on a MySQL relational database that is available by requesting the corresponding author.	2
The results showed that Dawood M.A.O., with PageRanks of 0.0732, 19 total publications, 695 global citations from 2019 to 2022, and closeness values of 0.25, was the most productive author within the field.	4
Confidence intervals were calculated for each correlation coefficient using the Fisher (1915) transformation.	3
This study suggests that academic libraries can better promote their scientists' article sharing through digital platforms such as institutional repositories as well as scholarly social media.	5
This study aimed to investigate the trends in IF of orthopaedic journals over time and draw comparisons with other surgical specialties.	1
There is no doubt that there has been a substantial increase in PPJ.	0
Then we present two indicators on the basis of the critical subnetwork.	3
To measure the growth and impact of research topics, we propose one concise indicator called popularity score in which impact and growth are explicitly gauged by frequencies.	3
This suggests that focusing on the citation links in a specific field (here: scientometrics as represented by the journal Scientometrics) is a promising approach for improving existing disruption indicators.	5
The prolific institutions were mainly located in the USA and UK.	4
Furthermore, we examine the effects of high-stakes incentives and of institutional corruption as additional predictors of scientific pathologies.	1
Color versions of one or more of the figures in the article can be found online at www.tandfonline.com/hebh.	0
Notes: R = rank; Cit = Total citations; CLS = Co-citation links.	0
2, 3; black box) has averaged 19.31 citations per annum, amounting to 1275 citations at present.	4
The measure of journal quality used in this paper is the percentage of the total appearances in a journal during a specified period by prolific authors.	3
Our analysis focuses on general characteristics of SNI members: affiliations, gender, country of graduation, and scientific output.	1
The results of this study should be of immense benefit to those studying the science of science and S&T policy.	5
We find that the new index outperforms the traditional network-based similarity measures, and it can sometimes surpass the embedding method.	4
A theoretical sample of 40 researchers in 4 universities were interviewed to gather data regarding informal publishing, platforms, factors that affect the researchers' decision and the use of informal channels in dissemination.	2
Our data visualization reveals a qualitative difference between the behavior of Northern American and Western European Higher Education Institutions concerning International collaboration levels.	3
The most recent 5,000 records from each retrieval were downloaded, resulting in the PD literature from ~mid-2007–2009 and the CD literature from ~2004–2009.	2
By analyzing the keywords listed in papers, we can summarize the hot OR/MS topics as well as the research interests of scholars in Mainland China (Ronda-Pupo and Guerras-Martin, 2012).	3
The work was supported by the Russian Science Foundation grant 14-14-00660.	0
(2012), we use impact factors for scientific journals belonging to the following scientific fields: Chemistry, Economics, Education, Information Science and Library Science (abbreviated further as Information SLS), Mathematics, Neurosciences, Psychology and Physics.	2
The results show that disciplinary affiliation independently predicted collaboration in grant and publication networks, particularly in the later years.	4
Findings from this study are useful for improving the design of RI education strategies to be more appealing to the research community by enhancing user experience in terms of user-friendliness, relevance to specialisation, providing concise information and better presentation of materials.	5
This study had three objectives: to examine patterns of research collaboration in Ghana, to study reasons why Ghanaian-affiliated researchers collaborate with others (both inside and outside Ghana), and to determine the roles of Ghanaian-affiliated researchers in collaborations.	1
We used the 2019 PJR and working documents produced by the discipline panels and the Research Evaluation Council (REC) in the process of preparing the draft version of the 2019 PJR.	2
It was found that, as previous studies have observed, open access is the most well-developed open-science initiative in terms of regulations, policies and strategies (De-Filippo; D'Onofrio, 2019).	5
We measure digitalization using three complementary measures that summarize the intensity of use of such technologies in the production process: the lagged share of the Information Technology (IT) capital stock to the total capital stock, and the corresponding capital stock shares for Communication technology (CT) and Software and Databases (SoftDB).	2
The purpose of this paper is to introduce such assessments, as research is becoming increasingly important for the faculty evaluation process in Iraqi-Kurdistan universities and research institutes.	1
However, by January 2023, there were 83 institutions represented in the ORCID Germany Consortium and 104 ORCID implementations in Germany making the ORCID Germany Consortium one of the largest ORCID consortia globally.	4
Twenty-two countries were identified as the most recent institution of the 300 scholars, with 68.7 percent from the United States, followed by Great Britain (7.7%), Canada (4%), and Australia and Germany (each 2.7%).	2
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/), which permits non-commercial re-use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
From 25 evaluated institutions, 17 (68%) are academies of physical education and 8 (32%) other types of higher schools identified with sports sciences.	4
In this case, it means that The Journal of Psychology has 59 articles that have been cited at least 59 times.	0
Second, the temporalities of regimes of accumulation and their relation to the temporal dimension of epistemic work differ.	5
In this paper, by using an input article and an additional article as the input query, we proposed a method of implementing a relevant literature search that considers the user's intentions.	5
The 214 articles mean citation rate was 0.87 (SD 2.38) times.	2
All together, the data-set for our study consists of 16,909 published research papers by 15,479 distinct authors across the selected eight journals.	2
To understand the history and research status of monsoon scholarly publication, a scientometrics study based on the Science Citation Index-Expanded has been made from 1900 to 2018.	1
It uses Scopus author profiles from a September 1, 2022, snapshot, to select the top 100,000 scientists ranked by c, plus any scientists outside that set who are in the top 2% in their sub-field.	2
The citation density for the articles ranged from 11.12 to 525 citations/year; mean 47.65 citations/ year and median 31.26 citations/year.	4
In our case, we could not find correlations between the journals that are most used to the ones that are most published-in.	5
In this study, three chemistry research themes closely associated with the Nobel Prize are bibliometrically analyzed-Ribozyme, Ozone and Fullerene—as well as a research theme in chemistry not associated with the Nobel Prize (a Nobel snub theme): Brunauer-Emmett–Teller equation.	1
Predictive models using topic characteristics for emerging topic prediction show promise.	5
On the other hand, cluster 4 (RBEF and CE) is characterized by high impact metrics.	4
Reasons for retraction were assessed by consulting retraction notices on the publisher's website and were categorized, as presented in Table 1.	3
This study analyzes the extent of gold open access (OA) publishing options in 377 anthropology journals by applying a coding scheme ranging from 0) non-transparent publishing options to 5) fully OA (free to read and publish without embargo).	1
An important lesson from our study is that for the purpose of predicting publication success, it is insufficient to consider the rank of the PhD granting institution only.	5
The difference-in-differences research design allows us to measure the impact of retractions, while accounting for life-cycle and time-period effects that might be shared by retracted and non-retracted authors.	3
To identify the most discussed dental articles on the Web and to assess the association between the intensity of online attention, publication characteristics and citations.	1
This study was undertaken to determine the spectrum and quality of pain research over the last 10 years across the continent, to discern the amount of pain research done by different countries and regions in Africa, to identify underexplored areas of pain research, and to stimulate renewed interest in quality pain research in Nigeria and Africa.	1
It aggregates records of more than a hundred and ten Brazilian institutions that contribute with an amount of almost 670.000 documents [1].	2
Used together, they form a more diversified measure of a scholar's research than either used alone; this diversification can also reduce the impact of citation cartels and related forms of scholar-level citation-based gaming (Haley, 2017b; Wilhite & Fong, 2012).	5
The total number of citations (Nc) of the retrieved publications was 1,468, and the average number of citations per article (Na) was 16.68.	4
The present study aims to broaden such comparisons by examining the effects of the choices of database and data retrieval methods on university research performance.	1
Second, the authors focus on the countries studied in international higher education research and ask if there is a tendency towards certain countries and clusters.	1
In terms of the institutions and research areas, Spanish National Research Council of Spain and chemistry took the lead.	4
Ultimately, the critical question to address is: In contexts where evaluative scientometrics is applicable, is it more effective to assess research based on the 'quality' of a limited number of works, as proposed by CoARA, or based on the 'impact' of an unlimited number of indexed-only publications (which are four times as many as those in peer-review assessments), as suggested by GA?	5
The online attention received by each RA in our dataset was quantitatively assessed using the Altmetric attention score (AAS, provided by Altmetric.com) for each RA retrieved from the official website of Science on May 14, 2019.	3
This economy is radically more decentralized, characterized by nonmarket peer production, increased individual autonomy, and loose collaborations among individuals.	0
Details of the search, including journal titles excluded, example subject categories excluded by hand, and syntax used, are given in SI Text and SI Table 7.	0
Purpose: This study aims to analyse papers concerning journal impact factors published in the Injury-International Journal of the Care of the Injured between 1997 and 2022.	1
Consistent with our hypothesis, the PE score is a significant and robust predictor of sales lift.	4
The relevance aspect, however, has no significant relationship (at α = 0.05) with the normalized number of citations.	4
Therefore, to quantify the publications made in open access journals, a strategy is proposed that uses data from the Directory of Open Access Journals, validating the publications and, thus, obtaining a process that allows identifying which publications were made in this communication format.	1
The author co-citation analysis addresses the author's influence according to the citations and it offers a glimpse of the structures inside a research domain [107].	3
Our study shows that despite some fluctuations, publication patterns in the social sciences and humanities in CEE countries are changing towards broader representation in WoS, particularly in journals with greater influence in terms of citation impact.	5
We found a positive correlation of the impact factor measured through traditional metrics and activity on Twitter.	5
It was found that the topical patterns in the Chinese and Japanese scholarship of Buddhism are alike and observably distinct from that of the English scholarship.	4
Our results show how institutional characteristics influence propensities for metrics gaming.	5
In Model 1, which included all indicators, the top indicators were found to be time-dependent and included all measures of citation velocity, Npayoffs, TimeNSCited2y, and TimesCited2y.	4
The reputation of databases is the reason for considering the journals included in their preferred databases.	4
Only subsequent research support with an annual funding amount of $50,000 or greater was included.	2
One of the chief purposes of bibliometric analysis is to reveal the intellectual structure of a knowledge domain.	1
We observe the reported JEL codes (consisting of a letter and two digits) in each publication and assign each one to a field within economics.	3
Identifying factors involved in author decisions to publish in open access journals will help illuminate issues that may encourage or discourage author support of open access publishing models.	5
Let c(e) be the cost of such an effort e.	3
Secondly, we defined appropriate search terms using search equations Topic: (“leader*” and “entrepre*”), combined with factors or skills by including all the relative terms: AND Topic: (“abilit*” or “capabilit*” or “attribut*” or “skill*” or “factor*” or “competenc*” or “behavior*” or “trait*” or “feature*”).	2
However, the field-by-field analysis unravels that this finding is stronger in Physics and Chemistry and nearly absent in Medicine.	5
According to the betweenness centrality, Iran (127), Malaysia (16), USA (16), Canada (16) and Singapore (16) were in a good position in the network and the possibility of being in the shortest path between the two countries is likely to be much; also they play an important role in controlling the distribution of information in this network.	4
For each scientist, we construct his/her yearly local collaboration networks by considering interactions among collaborators (see details in Methodology), resulting in a total of 27,786,774 scientist-year observations till 2011 (see the data frame of "scientist-year observations" in the Appendix, Table A1).	2
The findings indicate significant variations in scientific research productivity among library and information science teachers in North America.	4
This section describes the results of the first and second phases of analysis, and how they can be synthesized and interpreted, even by nonbibliometricians.	0
5 We thank one of the anonymous reviewers for pointing this out.	0
The investigation of Artificial Intelligence (AI) applications in the field of Oncology is still in its early phases especially for genomics, proteomics, and clinicomics, with extensive studies focused on biology, diagnosis, treatment, and cancer risk assessment.	5
The objective of this study was to use InCites to analyse documents published in journals from 2010 to 2016 in the SSCI categories of 'Education and Educational Research', ‘Education, Scientific Disciplines' and 'Education, Special'.	1
The bold number represents progress scores, and the black number represents attractiveness scores.	0
A total of 1,063 co-authorship offers with a publication deadline before the end of June 2022 were examined to detect auctioned papers that had been published in journals.	3
We combined two techniques to address the problem of high skew in the distributions.	3
The citation frequency of the awarded publications showed more frequently studied topics and themes in HRD and related fields; this can assist HRD researchers to envision the future research themes in relation to past study trends.	5
The SCI-EXPANDED, SSCI, CPCI-S, CCR-EXPANDED in the Web of Science and IC citation index database selects and makes use of topic classification in the Web of Science via a search strategy: WC = Information Science & Library Science, which selected the article type to retrieve the articles from 2001 to 2014 on the date 07/25/2014, thus obtaining 37,769 records.	2
Instead of comparing the number distributions of these papers as a function of time with respect to a uniform distribution, we analyze the relevant probabilities, from which we derive the information entropy.	3
Helpful comments were received from Phil Mirowski, Esther-Mirjam Sent, David Kaiser, and an anonymous reviewer.	0
PageRank can be trivially computed on commodity cluster hardware and is linearly correlated with citation count.	5
Applying the UCINET k-core procedure on Canada’s NTD co-authorship country network locates a clustering of collaborating countries in the middle right of the network map (Figure 3).	3
(There are notable exceptions to this rule, such as the Fleishman-Pons claim for nuclear fusion at room tempera- ture, but negative citations are the exception in science (Bornmann and Daniel 2008).)	0
From a disciplinary point of view, scholarly tweets in the field of Social Sciences and Humanities are more likely to trigger user engagement over other subject fields.	4
First, a list with all the papers and their related information (Digital Object Identifier, Web of Science Indicator, Citation Count, Authors, Affiliations, etc.) was downloaded for each journal and each year using the python pyautogui library.	3
This article examines the dynamics of postdoctoral training affecting scientists' academic employment, focusing on timing and prestige dimensions.	1
Regarding scientific influence, relatively small but well-funded science systems seem to come to the fore.	5
Our results show a pattern of stratified productivity and recognition among elite scientists: men outperform women in the number of publications, and receive substantially more citations.	5
The total number of papers published by these 16 countries is 11,540,922 covering over 75% of worldwide papers.	2
While most of the authors after 4 or 5 years of career almost totally change their interests, they usually remain in the larger area of Physics where they started.	4
1, authors from the Chinese mainland produced 255,539 gold OA articles in 2023, accounting for 33.13% of the global total of gold OA articles.	4
This impact on administrators’ research productivity appears to be larger on administrators in the higher-ranking universities.	5
Nevertheless, in PubMed over the period 2012–2020, only 13.9% of the articles had at least one ORCID, and only 4.3% of the authors had an ORCID.	4
P value represents difference in mean number of authors in 2006 vs 2016.	0
In the first year of TFS, it published 25 papers in 1993.	4
From this result it follows that the optimal author's strategy is to trade off the amount of research information provided in the manuscript with the average informativeness of these items by selecting an intermediate number of manuscript attributes.	5
It is surprising that there is practically no collaboration between the 10 most productive research centers, if we observe the first 3 collaborating research centers for each of the 10 most productive centers.	0
Studies analyzing and comparing research productivity among a developed country (the United States) and a developing country (India) have not been conducted in any significant way.	1
The top five research areas were chemistry (4,671; 51%), materials science (2,110; 23%), engineering (1,582; 17%), physics (762; 8.4%), and environmental sciences and ecology (581; 6.4%).	4
The results show that even considering IDC does not fully reveal the knowledge contribution and academic influence of disciplines.	5
The sizes of fields obey a simple linear growth with recombination.	4
I propose that scientometric-based rules inform such transformation.	1
HATASHIMA et al.: AN “INTEREST” INDEX FOR WWW SERVERS AND CYBERRANKING	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
2b) and reference list total Impact Factor (Estimated β±s.e.: 0.99±0.12, t = 8.38, p<0.001; Fig.	4
This analysis reveals three distinct clusters that were named according to their main contribution: Cluster 1: Technology innovation products and services approach Cluster 2: Sport entrepreneurship, management and education approach Cluster 3: Determinants of innovation in sport organizations approach	4
The sample of this study comprises 460 Nobel Prize winners in physics, chemistry, or physiology/medicine between 1901 and 2000.	2
Consequently, all generated similarity reports were manually evaluated and refined as necessary prior to data inclusion.	3
The authors, under the lead of Andrew Dudash, have no conflicts of interest in this research, writing or the submission of this paper to Health Information and Libraries.	0
In practical terms, the conducted SNA on the ISPIM community provides practical insights to the members of this particular community and beyond.	5
Research activity is apparent in a wide range of countries but there is potential for greater international collaboration.	5
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Thus, our study sought to answer the following questions: 1) For a select group of medical educators, is the h-index able to distinguish between academic ranks (Primary Objective)?	1
The data were retrieved from the databases of the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) and the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI).	2
The second goal is to evaluate the connections between SlideShare and academic research.	1
We are confident (hopeful?) that Bem is more unusual than Nosek.	0
Further exploration is needed regarding long-term preservation, metadata ownership, and technical integration for effective standardisation and improved book evaluation.	5
It should be kept in mind that while the related paper with the authors’ research is cited in new paper, it shows that the subject of the new paper is in harmony with the scope of the journal.	0
The aim of this study was to identify and analyze the characteristics of the 100 most cited articles related to lung cancer screening.	1
if English speaking universities produce more than French speaking ones)?	1
Second, after controlling for the time dependent features of citation distributions, we compare the citation impact of subsequent publications within a researcher’s publication record.	4
Supplementary data associated with this article can be found, in the online version, at http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.joi.2013.01.004.	0
Microsoft Excel, VOSviewer software, and Biblioshiny for the Bibliometrix R package are the bibliometric tools used in this analysis.	3
Here we examined the particular example of academic journals publishing and stock market.	5
How much has coverage been expanded by field and subject category?	1
The following research questions (RQs) were investigated: RQ1: To what extent are scholars familiar with traditional metrics and altmetrics for research evaluation?	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:393177 []	0
However, the criteria summarized in the Methods section, concerning review quality, are reasonably objective.	0
This study examines the CoARA initiative from theoretical, practical, and applicative perspectives, exploring its implications.	1
The study is a part of two scientific projects: “Scientific plagiarism, its prevalence and features" (No.	0
The object of the research is to analyse the impact of long-term international mobility on the development and persistence of knowledge networks with foreign organisations.	1
The grouping and transitivity coefficients of the co-word and cocitation networks indicate that the structural evolution of Spanish Communication research shows a marked trend towards conceptual and intellectual dispersion.	5
These conflicting norms reveal that despite the introduction of the trackback feature, there is still a norm that criticism should be contained within the community.	4
It is evident from the data that the traffic ranks of the Indian research institutions are not satisfactory as all of them possess a traffic ranks greater than 100,000.	5
Top scientists in Malaysia is typically motivated by the need to succeed (ACHIEVEMENT), the need to belong to, affiliate with and be accepted (AFFLIATION), the need to authorize or exercise one's will over others (AUTHORITY) and the need to follow one's passion for research (AVIDITY).	5
The journals with the highest impact factors (IF) according to the Journal Citation Report (JCR) 2018 were selected and included the following general plastic surgery journals: Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery (PRS; IF, 3.946), Journal of Plastic Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgery (JPRAS; IF, 2.228), Annals of Plastic Surgery (Annals; IF, 1.448); and the following specialty journals: Aesthetic Surgery Journal (ASJ; IF, 3.48).	2
To extract cited references from the data we obtained, we used the open source Sci2 tool (Sci2 Team, 2009) developed by Indiana University.	3
Two-thirds of citations were unchanged, 20.9% were added during review and 13.1% were removed.	4
The dataset analysed by Bornmann and Williams (2017) is impressive, comprising three cohorts of in total 13 180 researchers.	2
In this study, a new method for mapping the social structure of research fields is advanced, based on the analysis of the acknowledgments of academic publications.	1
This manuscript also aims to answer questions such as those listed below: Q1.	1
The annual grant success rates varied between 14% and 28%, and within the discipline the success rate fluctuated across years even between 0–67%.	4
In order to perform the bibliometric performance and science mapping analysis, the publications regarding Competitive Intelligence have been collected from Scopus using the following advanced query: TITLE-ABS-KEY (‘Competitive Intelligence').	2
In this paper, attempts have been made to understand the trends in LIS research in India.	1
The study focuses on factors such as the number of publications, citations per paper, collaborative research output, h-Index, primary research and healthcare application areas.	4
How can we extract the periods with different citation variation tendencies for a given paper?	1
Conflict of interest The author has no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
We have also found correlation of h-index with recently proposed indices.	1
The construction of the graphical representations of the clusters of authors, institutions, and keywords was carried out using the open-source software Pajek for analysis and visualization of networks.	3
Our analysis shows that the funding program led to an increase in the number of papers in some fields and an increase in the citation counts in the other fields.	4
Finally, we list those journals where the majority of the matched bibliometrics indicate a higher or lower grade than their ABDC grade.	4
We assigned 30 journals to be our data.	2
Overall the system of incentives is said to be driving research outputs in South African universities.	5
top scientists, in general do so through around half of their total research output.	5
Chi-square test of independence were performed to compare the percentage of international collaborations for the COVID-19 2020, 2015–2019, and non-COVID 2020.	3
Collaboration and the use of experimental research have become more prevalent in the journal over the years.	4
Our findings regarding the first research question revealed that in the world of academia, international mobility of women is less than men, which is consistent with the past studies (J?ns, 2011; Leemann, 2010; Myers & Griffin, 2019; Toader & Dahinden, 2018)	5
The model helps find informative features of authors to reduce merging errors.	1
The ageing of the “old” staff members is another challenge for the university's leadership.	5
We utilized country-based collaborative maps and cluster analysis with the follower-leading cluster algorithm to discern network pattern variations among journals.	3
One challenge is that the performance of the innovative-idea extraction method depends to some extent upon the quality of the abstracts.	5
Articles were coded with regard to design features, sampling and recruitment features, and openness and transparency practices.	3
The absence of a relationship between academic research output and economic growth could be attributed to the type of research conducted, the specific areas and research-result transmission, either as knowledge or skills, to the rest of the economy.	5
We consider the ratio of the number of citations in a certain discipline and that in the original discipline.	3
This study intends to assess the impact of open access journals from the perspective of citation advantage.	1
This paper focuses on the case studies of two leading publishers of conventional peer-reviewed research articles.	2
In this article, I have argued that critical review and analysis of the potentials for knowledge generation contributes novel insights into the study of collaborations.	5
The publication records for all the countries were merged together, which resulted in a total of 933,681 unique publication records.	2
Similarly, the instances of highly downloaded papers show no significant correlations with paper features, indicating that article quality, rather than these features, contribute to their higher downloads.	5
Do journals classified into multiple disciplines more closely align with one discipline than another or serve as bridges between the disciplines to which they are mapped based on the citing discipline distribution?	1
Acknowledgements The authors thank the “Universidad Autonoma de Tamaulipas” for their support to this project, code UAT07-A-SAL-0107.	0
The two proposed steps complement the current practices for the creation of lexical queries to study emerging technologies.	5
The largest proportion of tweets overall were for books published in the WoS disciplines of International Relations (55%), Sociology (52%), Philosophy (47%) and Political Science (47%).	4
Nevertheless, both the NB and the ZINB indicated that open access had significant and positive relations with policy citations (p<0.001).	4
In other words, the aphorism of publish or perish can be voiced by the communities, the other academics and the individual researchers to themselves – if the hegemony of the neoliberalism and managerialism is challenged to emancipate the voices of all these actors.	5
This type of content analysis will utilize Bj?rk's [6] existing barrier types as the initial coding categories and employ a coder's interpretations (software algorithms) of the meaning of the content set by identifying words and phrases in the abstracts that define the categories [15].	3
H2: The greater the IF, (a) the greater the diversity in first author's country of origin, (b) the greater the diversity in country of data collection, and (c) the lesser the diversity in research approach.	1
Over time, this simple process will lead to a funding distribution that reflects the entire scientific community, fosters young scientists, and reduces overhead.	4
Data were tabulated using MS Excel for further analysis.	3
We propose that the impact of multi-authored articles has been going beyond their scientific domain of research due to its large influence on institutional-level bibliometrics.	5
Our sample thus consists of 3263 papers, out of which 1975 had more than one author; this share of single-author papers is substantially lower in comparison with coauthorship patterns in other scientific disciplines such as Sociology or Scientometrics (Dutt et al.	2
A purposive sampling method was employed to select faculty members in the social sciences at elite research institutions.	2
We propose two steps to complement the process of selecting search-terms to create lexical queries to study emerging technologies.	1
Universities and societies published half the OA journals and about 40% of the OA articles indexed in Scopus during 2010.	5
The results show that market power plays an important role to explain APC, inter alia, through market concentration, market position of individual publishers (publisher size), and the choice of hybrid publishing model.	4
We measured the effect of social networks on scientific performance by analyzing what contribute to the three outcomes, namely, article productivity, scientific and professional awards, and patents, which are used in measuring academic, governmental, and market recognition, respectively.	1
We present case studies of different outcomes of transition plans and argue for a fundamental shift in the conception of synthesis science and the strategic funding of these centers by government funding agencies.	2
This study adds to recent research and conversations within the library science field about who is publishing in the field and the role of librarian faculty status in encouraging publication.	5
Based on the findings it is recommendable not simply to rely on journal article analyses in comparative research assessment studies.	5
These may be useful for authors who are assessing journals for possible submission or for others, such as universities evaluating candidates' publications as part of the hiring process.	5
We collected a dataset in the field of artificial intelligence (AI) for this study, which is a good case study due to the extremely active research in the field over recent years.	2
The proposed solution is evaluated in terms of cost, throughput and latency, and security to show its affordability, resiliency against attacks, and superiority.	4
We then downloaded 1997 articles published from 2012 to 2016.	2
Our study generates a z-score for ICCI for each paper.	3
Spreading information to colleagues working in other laboratories or countries and sharing new knowledge by timely publication of research findings or providing details of new method development is fundamental for the advance- ment and practice of science [1].	0
The list was divided into the following three non-intersecting groups:	3
The data show that the scientific community is rather young.	4
First, we propose to study knowledge integration in the practices and activities of IDR centers using a multilevel, integrated approach.	5
A Mann-Whitney U test revealed that earth scientists perceived social science/scientists as significantly less competent than natural science/scientists.	4
of 609 articles from the ChemRxiv group and 1561 articles from the control group.	2
There is also a burgeoning literature in scientometric papers that rests on the bibliometric collections, and does not look beyond them.	2
The data used in this paper were made available by the services of the Ministry of Science, Technology and Higher Education responsible for gathering and publishing statistics [21].	2
First, they support those from Li and Agha (2015) and show that reviewers provide added-value.	5
Original (non-normalised) and normalised R-sequence for the journal Science over the period 1955-2003	0
Our analysis focused on a sample of nanotechnology patents and publications.	2
cohort decade, rank at time of publication, professional age at time of publication, discipline, gender, and year of publication against each dependent variable.	3
The BRITE Evaluation Panel, of which I was a Member, concluded as follows:	0
We used the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED), the Web of Science Core Collection, and Clarivate Analytics.	2
The BRICK countries really stand out as using the most non-institutional e-mail addresses.	4
The field of analysis is limited to the life sciences, therefore findings and conclusions cannot be generalized to other disciplines.	5
Furthermore, citations are not related to the number of authors, which provides evidence against the proposition that multi-authored papers are typically of higher quality than single-authored papers.	4
Here, we employed a coauthor network analysis to identify research communities and their evolutionary patterns as the first attempt to characterize the dynamics of collaboration in environmental engineering.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
In the full counting case, bibliographic coupling indicates that Scientometrics is strongly related to Acta Crystallographica Section E and Physical Review B.	4
The second step is called query expansion (Kostoff, Eberhart, & Toothman, 1997).	0
Following screening of abstracts and full-text publications, about twenty primary publications (survey-based [focus groups, interviews], and community-based intervention studies) were included.	4
This more limited dataset includes 4,845 dissertations advised by 1,585 individual advisors; i.e.	2
In Step 1 of the study, following the study by Bautista-Puig et al.	2
Second, qualitative work appears more often in IJRDM and IRRDCR, while quantitative research dominates JR and JRCS; this finding is not necessarily related to productivity per se but does highlight the opportunities for different methods in different retailing journals.	4
The paper concludes that predatory publishing is a growing phenomenon that has the potential to greatly affect both bioethics and science at large.	5
After the removal of obvious bot traffic (such as repeated requests from the same IP address to the same title within a 24-hour time window), and traffic from known TOR exit servers, the logs contained 16133680 records over a period of 135 days from between 09/27/2014 and 03/01/2015.	2
The data we use in this paper is the key papers of Nobel laureates in Physics (PHYS) and Economics (ECON) among 1995–2010 and key publications in Medicine among 2001–2010.	2
We believe that the major vulnerabilities of the VQR 2011–2014 can be (at least partly) solved by (1) extending the bibliometric evaluation procedure to the totality of the papers, (2) avoiding the use of journal metrics in general, and (3) avoiding questionable normalizations/combinations of the indicators in use.	5
Therefore, at journal level one could speak of citation advantage related to reputation as a combination of paper average impact, journal visibility and access, regardless of how this access occurs.	5
Among the journals with the most number of internationally co-authored paper Dermatologic Therapy (2.327) with 8 publications is the leading the list followed by Journal of Medical Virology (2.021) and publications, Indian Journal of Psychiatry (1.121) with 4 publications each, Asian Pacific Journal of Tropical Medicine (1.94) and European Review for Medical and Pharmacological Sciences (3.024) 3 publications each.	4
The study is an effort to help in coordinating research network across countries, authors and affiliating universities.	5
From April 25 to July 10, 2021 we collected 3,304 valid responses.	2
The main global objective of this paper is to contribute to the understanding of the validity of measures based on corresponding authorship, evaluating their significance at the institutional level, in this case, Brazilian institutions as a case of study.	1
This paper uses data from 25 fields from 1996–2015 to compare national research impact with national research volume over 20 years to assess whether average research impact changes tend to associate with research volume changes.	1
We extracted the funded researchers' data from The Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC).	2
An extreme self-citation scenario is used to test the theoretical resistance of the research performance metrics to strategic manipulation and to determine the magnitude of the impact that self-citations may induce on the indicators.	1
We investigated trends in NIH neurosurgeon-scientist funding over time as an indicator of physician-scientist workforce training.	1
The paper was originally presented at the Annual 4S meeting, Amsterdam, November 1988.	0
2005; Hubert and Debruyne 2009; Rousseeuw and Driessen 1999).	3
The keywords in this study was based on 'Keywords Plus' that was the result of Clarivate Analytics editorial expertise in science.	2
We now offer a case-study of two such Nigerian-based publishers.	2
All academic researchers in Amsterdam employed in research for at least one day per week at one of the four academic institutions (Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, University of Amsterdam and the two Amsterdam University Medical Centers) were eligible to participate.	2
Results infer that “knowledge management" and "knowledge sharing” stayed as the most dominant themes from 2006 to 2019.	4
2016 distribution of model tables and graphs in Academy of Management Journal and Organization Science	0
Among the selected eight communities, Community #22 was found to be the most significant, covering 23% of the users in the network (see Fig.	4
While survey respondents largely emphasised material concerns, university leaders cited cultural change as a preferred strategy.	4
Three hundred and twenty residents of Canadian ophthalmology programs graduating between 2009 and 2020.	2
A total of 650 COVID-19 patents were identified within the years 2020, 2021, and 2022.	2
This study aims to take the field of natural language processing (NLP) as an example to analyse the relationship between team institutional composition and the fine-grained novelty of academic papers.	1
The main objective of this study was to find out the foremost causes of plagiarism due to personal factors in universities situated in Islamabad, the capital city of Pakistan.	1
(Eng.), is Head of the Information Analytics Center of the Trofimuk Institute of Petroleum Geology and Geophysics, RAS SB (RAS SB IPGG).	0
We describe these two approaches as persistence and saturation.	4
The Full Sample refers to the sample employed in the next section.	0
This study is one in an ongoing series whose goal is to identify the top scholars and institutions in the field of SSE.	0
However, the institution with the largest number of papers was led by the Royal Perth Hospital of the UK (n = 5).	4
When systematic reviewers are searching for studies, they should exercise caution when an article is only found in Google Scholar and not through a search of bibliographic databases.	5
The results show that the web-present Nanoscientists are not necessarily superior in their scientific production, though they are higher in their recognition.	4
The Pearson’s correlation test found an insignificant relationship amongst all of the variables.	4
We also categorized the abstracts by topic and compared the research publications between North America and Europe.	3
We show that the model and methodology are suitable for characterizing the emergence of topics as they are emerging.	1
Among tenured and tenure-track faculty with full-time appointments in PhD-granting political science departments, we find that only 43.7% have created a profile.	4
A stepwise regression approach was performed to introduce the variables of interest into mixed models and multi-level analyses, depending on the significance level of each variable (reaching a p value below .05 in univariate models).	3
Since its nascence, open access has achieved great developments in scientific publication and is still quickly growing.	0
We conclude that we have shown that there do exist articles that are hibernators and are at the same time under-cited influential, or in other words, citation chimeras of this type do exist.	5
2 and 3, we can infer that they are very stable and very similar.	4
There was a 35% higher level of ‘superiority' clichés and jargon per 1000 words in Q1 than in Q4 (6.48 versus 4.79).	4
Our preliminary work has identified five waypoints that we believe provide useful indicators about scientific work in progress:	3
From 5,646 unique results, 274 studies met the inclusion criteria.	4
As with the literature on organizational adaptation, our results suggest that both exploration and exploitation are necessary strategies for scientific production.	5
We seek to grasp the disciplinary habitus of FPR by examining how scholars present and discuss research at international conferences, thereby enacting values of good scholarship.	1
The purpose of our study was to investigate authorship trends in radiology journals, and whether International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) recommendations have had an impact on these trends.	1
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
There were differences in the title, the data or the conclusion between the preprint cited and the published version for nearly half of them.	4
I would like to thank the anonymous reviewers for their valuable comments and suggestions, which significantly contributed to the quality of the article.	0
Geographical and cultural patterns emerge from the joint analysis of paper and patent citations: clusters of nations with similar scientific production systems do appear.	5
Overall, the study helps to identify the major research topics in this domain, as well as highlighting issues to be addressed or strengthened in further work.	5
Historical type of institution—to ensure coverage of older, civic, former polytechnic, and newer institutions, as well as of different mission groups, to which institutions may be affiliated; 3.	3
The revisit reveals that the environments have remained dynamic and innovative units.	4
Are less-established scientists more widely represented online than established scientists?	1
First, we revealed that publishing, citation and collaboration patterns differ between the sub-fields in the LIS literature.	5
Finally, we investigate the extent to which our findings change if we use the more liberal “estimated citation count” in Microsoft Academic rather than the more conservative “linked citation count”.	1
We are grateful to Mark Challen who carried out the analysis of the reviewers' markings and to Dr Eurof Walters for statistical advice.	0
First, complementary to research showing that scientific team products tend to do better than articles authored by solitary researchers, we were interested in examining whether PhD holders in STEM fields tend to enjoy better work experiences.	1
We also find that trust varies with success and integration in the research system and with the organization of research.	4
The roles of boundary crossing outputs play in interdisciplinary knowledge flows, whether as settlers, disseminators, transcenders, or maintainers, all make contributions to the interdisciplinarity research.	5
We find the research productivity of university research teams in an environment in which interdisciplinary cooperation is facilitated is determined by the management, operations, evaluation, university research team building, and collaborating with industry.	5
The analysis presented here uses data from the Clarivate Journal Citations Report (JCR henceforth) released in mid-2020, focusing on 371 economics journals, ranked with respect to the citations received in 2019.	2
Based on Google and Naver statistics showing the level of interest in organic products for the 2010–2013 period, January to March 2013 was selected as the best period for data collection purposes.	2
This paper analyzes funding patterns and their evolution in two medical research topics: breast cancer and ovarian cancer, taking into account cross-agency and cross-national co-funding.	1
Thus, we use the normalized impact as RG of the collaborators to define their scientific capacity, and the average of this indicator for all the collaborators of an article as a measure of the recognition received by the guarantor from the collaborators in that particular article, as shown in Fig.	3
Our empirical investigation confirmed our theoretical expectation based on this mechanism, i.e.	4
The focal dataset for this analysis is 177 peer reviewed articles listed in the Center's annual reports for its first 5 years of operation.	2
This paper developed a general framework for analyzing the character relationship in the novel.	5
Our analysis of the development in transnationalisation is based on bibliographic data from the Web of Science database produced by Thomson Reuters.	2
Furthermore, 1232 FA variants were automatically detected (62.9% of the total variants), with a precision of 97.2%, although there was an additional 2.1% partially identified.	4
For definitions and distinctions of the terms interdisciplinary, multidisciplinary and transdisciplinary, see (Balsiger 2004).	0
In this study, we argue that the h value of a document set itself can be used to provide a rank class structure that combines the advantages of I3 and h into a single framework (Rousseau & Ye, 2012[26]; Ye & Leydesdorff, 2014[32]).	1
database[8] was used to identify the number of scientific articles published in each of the 20 selected journals between the years 2009 and 2013.	2
We examined whether researchers in the field of animal behavior in an economically less developed country compensate for this burden by collaborating with researchers from developed countries, and whether this effect is gender specific.	1
The Year based EM'-index is the multidimensional extension of the year based EM- index, that consider all items which occurred at least one time in scientific assessment.	3
Finally, the analysis by scientific fields, Q3, highlights in general terms the low international presence and reduced competitiveness of Engineering and Social Sciences.	5
Five of the six CSIR institutes show a decline in the normalized quality indicators and NCL is in a state of double distress – it has a shrinking output accompanied by a decline in quality.	4
We will clarify if and how mathematics and the arts are sensitive to scientific research misconduct or questionable research practices.	1
However, we show that, in a given JEL code and year, one more publication by other members of the department increases one's productivity by a substantial range of 0.3 to 0.6 publications.	4
8 confirms that ξIF and ξC are highly correlated (linear correlation, with a slope α = ξIF/ξC = 1.38 and a correlation coefficient r = 0.91).	4
All of the above seems to suggest that the Ibero-American bioethical heritage has, at present, little impact on global bioethical thinking.	5
The Excellence in Research for Australia (ERA) data collections completed in 2010, 2012, 2015, and 2018 were developed by the Australian Research Council (ARC) to measure the quality of the research produced by the broad range of Australian tertiary education institutions.	1
In this paper, our goal is to analyze the limitations of using academic age as a proxy for biological age in the example of the entire national science system, for which we consider both biological age and academic age for all researchers affiliated to Polish institutions of higher education, holding at least a PhD degree, and participating in global academic science via global publishing.	1
A 10-point increase in structural commitment to IDR is associated with a 22% increase in the number of NIH grants awarded (Model F), and a 22% increase in the dollar amount of NIH awards (Model G).	4
Document types and average citation per document in WoS of EJoF	0
When speaking about science here, I do not mean solely basic research.	0
The data were collected through a questionnaire sent individually, through email, to all PhD holders from the Centres (R&D Units and Associated Laboratories) in the three fields selected, whose email contacts could be obtained.	2
Ortelbach is Research Assistant, Henkel KGaA, 40589 Düsseldorf, Germany; e-mail: ortelbach@ gmx.net.	0
The focus is on the role and the extent to which international scientific collaboration can be a source for development of national innovation systems (NISs) for both countries.	1
While these previous works made use of subscription-based citation databases (Scopus and the Web of Science), the goal of this work was to create a similarly accurate model based on the (openly available) PubMed literature for strategic decision-making in biomedical research.	1
Our study included two more journals: Information and Management and Communications of the Association for Information Systems, both of which are important journals in the field (cf.	2
candidates and their main supervisors (in the Netherlands, the primary supervisor has to be a full professor, although recently associate professors can get these rights, too).	2
The results support the hypothesis that scientific careers are punctuated by exceptionally productive years.	5
More specifically, data on research, publication, productivity and impact obtained from participants' web CV and online presence through ResearcherID (Clarivate Analytics), Scopus ORCID and ResearchGate, were discussed, expanded, clarified, confirmed and reflected during the interviews.	2
In this study, we describe the research productivity and impact of Canadian ophthalmology residency graduates from 2009 to 2020 using number of publications, citations, and h-index.	3
Our reference analysis consists of reference quantity analysis, reference timeliness analysis, and reference textual support analysis.	3
Second, how does the timing of international mobility influence long-term research outcomes?	1
We summarized the quality of research using conventional metrics of research quality and compared the performance of the UAE to its geographic region and to other countries of similar population size and economic standing.	3
This study aimed to compare the bibliometric indicators of eight Science Citation Index (SCI)–indexed journals in the academic field of natural medicines—American Journal of Chinese Medicine (AJCM), Chinese Journal of Natural Medicines (CJNM), Fitoterapia, Journal of Asian Natural Products Research (JANPR), Journal of Ethnopharmacology (JE), Journal of Natural Medicines (JNM), Planta Medica (PM), and Phytomedicine—based on the Web of Science (WoS) database.	1
Within this aim we (1) explored general patterns for tree-related stress publication outputs and journals in the new millennium; (2) assessed national research outputs, authorship patterns and degree of international collaboration; (3) assessed which tree species were studied; (4) identified what type of stress was studied; (5) determined research areas and methods applied in these studies; (6) identified what process and/or activity of tree affected by stress was studied.	1
On adjusted analysis, multi-source clinical performance evaluations were significantly associated (beta; 99 % Cl; p-value) with the numbers of research articles (0.012; 0.001–0.024; 0.007), and overall publications (0.012; 0.002–0.022; 0.002).	4
In simple terms, different techniques have been proposed to deal with entity problems, without a simple and direct solution.	0
Within this domain, three categories were identified that applied to the sample with a general frequency, that is, they appeared in all the interviewees.	4
Trends in number of ophthalmological articles in worldwide regions and from top countries in the three most productive regions.	0
Address correspondence to Bogdan Ciomaga, Department of Sport Management, Brock University, 500 Glenridge, 333 South Block, St.	0
Is inclusion in Beall's List necessarily associated with low citation impact?	1
Therefore, the results of the search were reduced to 2,537 studies (2,458 articles and 79 reviews) in WoS CC (77% of all innovation policy publications indexed in WoS CC) and 3,069 studies (2,909 articles and 160 reviews) in Scopus (75% of all innovation policy publications indexed in Scopus).	2
ORCID identifiers were not suitable for checking affiliations as there was low use of them: only 14% of the multiple-affiliated authors.	4
The agreement between the benchmark evaluation and, respectively, peer review and bibliometric assessments is measured through Cohen's kappa agreement test and Lin's concordance correlation coefficient.	3
Title length, mentioning the methods, and question, on the other hand, did not have significant impacts.	4
Therefore, this research explores the possible use of metadata and bibliographic information to find related articles.	1
The methodology introduced here implies that there are some limitations and potential for future work.	5
We conducted semi-structured interviews with 25 Chinese researchers (Table 1), until data saturation was reached.	2
The studies revealed that NSC grants are overall more effective than ERC ones, constantly 2-3 times more for Physical Sciences and Engineering (PE).	4
Analysis of the L-School disciplinary composition indicated that most of the faculty received Library (44%) and Information Science (28%) training, followed by Education (12%), Humanities (9%) and significantly smaller clusters in Communication (2%), Management and Policy (2%), Computing (1%), and Social and Behavioral (1%) areas (Figure 1).	4
The k-core measures indicate that Canada has a 7k-core NTD network where twelve countries (Canada, United States, United Kingdom, France, Germany, Switzerland, Uganda, Belgium, Kenya, Nigeria, Ghana, and Cameroon) all remain connected to each other as k increases from one to seven.	4
Finally, we showed using the QO, QI, and BEC case study that a strong merging/splitting event will significantly alter the field's reference structure.	5
Our null hypothesis was that no correlation between academic citations and social media mentions exists among endodontic research publications.	1
At a country scale, the most striking change is observed in the USA.	4
A total of 338,866 records from the two databases were grouped chronologically into 12 datasets from 1890 to 2012, each containing records of 10 years (the last one was from 2000 to 2012).	2
The research constituents have changed over the years.	5
The Online Student Engagement Scale by Dixson (2015) was applied, consisting of 16 questions divided into four subscales: Affective engagement, cognitive engagement, behavioral engagement, and social engagement.	2
Which ASNSs are being used, and if not, why?	1
This paper analyzed the knowledge development of the top 95 most researched river basins in the Web of Science database in the past 3 decades (1987–2017) using a network metric-based framework, comprising one scalar metric and three structural metrics: equality, efficiency, and resilience.	1
The data extraction technique should include institutional affiliation and search by list of authors from that institution, as well maximizing the data mining.	3
The Italian professors in the 192 Science SDSs included in the analysis are those whose 2012–2016 publication portfolio meet (for reasons of significance) the following requirements:	2
1 On average, there is a linear relation between funding and publications, as shown below for health and agriculture research in the US, for which we have reliable data on funding and publications.	0
Our analysis is based on the Web of Science (WoS) data such that our varying coverage of scientific disciplines corresponds to the limitations of the WoS.	2
An additional correlation for the subset of 997 books indicated a similar weak correlation (0.190).	4
HIV/AIDS and violence have recently attracted the interest of the social word scientific community, while the rest are classical thematic areas that still attract the interest and efforts of the researchers.	4
Per-author citation impact was measured using field-normalized citation scores (ncs).	3
The top five countries and regions were USA, Peoples R China, Canada, Chile and Brazil.	4
PDF files of main conference papers from the three major conferences in NLP from 1979 to 2021 were collected from the ACL Anthology website.	2
The dashed line is for the articles submitted after the first 30 minutes.	0
For this we use a web application available in the public domain which visualizes scientific excellence worldwide in several subject areas.	2
There is no significant correlation between the extensity centrality-Newman and degree centrality, or between the extensity centrality-Newman and eigenvector centrality.	4
Surgeons who self-cited at rates greater than 5% were 9.8 times more likely (95% confidence interval, 4.5–21.9; P < 0.001) to have their h-index change as a result of self-citation (after adjusting for academic rank).	4
The Fine and Gray (1999) competing risks model allows us to estimate the impact of model covariates on the hazard of a given outcome A, while considering not only the time-at-risk, but also that the occurrence of a different competing (i.e., mutually exclusive) outcome, B, can prevent us from observing A at a future moment.	3
The average recall rate of the prediction model was 0.734 and the precision rate was 0.690, which was higher than the average recall rate of experts at 0.595 and 0.673, respectively.	4
OA mostly leads to the publication of outdated material since the gap an author is covering could already be covered in a subscription journal.	4
Differences in publication and citation opportunity among specialties create inappropriate conclusions when the h-index is used to compare authors across different disciplines.	1
We used 10-fold cross-validation with 70% training data and 30% testing data for multi- and binary-class classification.	3
The second feature of mathematical practice that can help justify the practice of using just one referee is that proofs will also be subjected to peer review after publication, by some of the mathematicians that want to use the proofs in their own work.	4
The survey, covering the period 2000–2010, was based on information from the curricula vitae of the researchers with Research Productivity Grant funded by a government agency and from the Directory of Research Group of the National Council for Scientific and Technological Development.	2
Researchers are suspicious and confused about OA publications, but not if they come from a traditional publisher.	5
We investigate the impact of the OARE initiative on both local publication output as well as publication input.	1
The relative scientific production of different countries was assessed through the Relative Specialization Index (RSI) or Relative Activity Index.	3
The objective of this study was to explore the influence of internet access, ethical controls, and teaching factors on students' plagiarism in these Pakistani institutions of higher education.	1
From the perspective of research assessment, DCCPs help scientometricians to distinguish studies that have deep/broad or dependence/independence impact [50,51].	5
Full text views on EBSCO platform is an outlier among all the altmetric indicators, showing extremely low correlations with other metrics on different platforms.	4
Whereas the internationalisation of science has moved the communication, collaboration and competition between researchers into the transnational sphere, the links that associations forge between science and other social spheres are still deeply rooted in national settings and much dependant on specific configurations and practices by government, business and other social actors.	5
Second section describes the hypotheses, while third section provides details on the dataset.	0
1 Nordic Institute for Studies in Innovation, Research and Education (NIFU), Oslo, Norway	0
Therefore, the main objective of this paper is to assess different approaches based on addresses, funding acknowledgements and authors to explore which search strategy or combination is more effective to identify CIBER publications.	1
6 and 10) were both characterised by steep growth in the share of conference proceedings papers relative to other document types.	4
A further goal of this study is to examine the impact of structural features of co-word networks on the relationships among frequency-based and network-based metrics.	1
Furthermore, the research productivity of the universities in South Asian countries is negligibly stimulating the countries' GDP per capita, while the innovation productivity of the universities is not.	4
Additionally, over 1000 CC-licensed full text files have been harvested using Unpaywall.	4
In recent years, there have been increasing interests in the study of scholarly collaboration among the researchers and public circles.	0
Our results provide a warning flag on those institutional arrangements that favor company or individual ownership of academic patents.	5
This study identifies contemporary government accountability requirements impacting research councils in North America and Europe and investigates how councils deal with such demands.	1
According to these results, Kelly of Wollongong University in Australia, Karjaluoto of Jyvaskylay University in Finland and Freeman of Sydney University in Australia are the three most prolific authors in terms of number of publications, and Crawford of Microsoft Res, Cambridge in the USA is the leader in terms of total citations, with 2,429.	4
It can be used to evaluate aggregates of researchers; for the evaluation of individual researchers, it should always be a component (perhaps a minor one) of an overall evaluation based on a multiplicity of criteria.	5
The principle of regular publication, which is one of the important criteria showing the quality of scientific journals, is frequently violated in predatory journals.	5
Thus, we are unable to demonstrate the citing to show-off hypothesis empirically.	5
In this study, we examine the distribution of references across the four sections of the IMRaD structure, working at the sentence level.	3
In this analysis, we only considered citations to full IHC papers.	0
See “Method of generating user discipline phylogenetic tree" section for details.	0
However, we found the strong links between econometrics and biometrics as well as the relative isolation of scientometrics rather surprising.	4
These conclusions give a general picture of the diffusion process among countries in the field of management.	5
Of particular importance is the relationship between OFDI and renewable energy penetration.	4
The coordinating project was determined to be the major contributor to E&C for all sub-projects across the time frame of the entire project.	4
However, the criteria adopted by van Raan at times are not applicable and may confer recognition prematurely.	1
The scheme is called the Contributor Role Ontology (CRO, https://data2health.github.io/ contributor-role-ontology/), and it extends the CRediT ontology to include more than fifty roles, including “specimen collection”, “librarian”, “community engagement”, “coordination”, and "software testing" [28-30].	5
Random Forest, with a mean Area Under the Curve (AUC) = 0.98, outperformed the SVM.	4
situatedness of an OAMJ within a portfolio of titles, article processing charges (APCs), and scalability], and technical (e.g.	1
Hypothesis 4: International collaboration moderates the democ- racy-science relationship among countries in the international system.	1
This study aimed to fill this gap in the research by proposing that HRM practices applied to personnel in research institutions are potential moderators of the relationship between multidisciplinary research and researcher performance.	1
However, the bibliometric parameters showed different trends when countries of different incomes established collaboration.	5
We use the data from the Web of Science (WOS), which is a well-established database used for the bibliometric analysis [23].	2
Our later proposal boils down to a rather intuitive idea.	3
Received 15 February 2021; Received in revised form 20 July 2021; Accepted 18 August 2021	0
Indeed, it appears that there is a correlation between an institution submitting more articles from the top five and top 10 most popular journals and getting a better GPA.	5
BSI has published 72 and 38 collaborative papers with involvement of 56 national and 22 foreign institutions respectively.	4
Received March 8, 2008; revised May 29, 2008; accepted May 29, 2008	0
Starting from the WoS database, the following analyses address the internationalization of the scientific networks in Chile.	2
Higher-funded projects focus on funding research on traditional topics, while lower-funded projects place a greater focus on funding research on emerging topics.	4
Academics employed at pre-1992 universities at the time of publication authored articles with the highest FWCI (Figure 3).	4
For analyses in which these are our dependent variables, we used logistic regression with models of the form: Dependent Variable = Year + Independent Variables + Interactions.	3
Research project reports are mainly imported from the database of Russian Foundation for Basic Research and their full texts are available in open access.	2
In this article, we address the rarely asked question why researchers choose to publish at all.	1
This study highlights two mixed dangers: one of compressing performance to numbers in an essentially reductive process, and the other of the possible bias and prejudices involved in what is often a subjective peer-review process.	5
Methods for estimating the efficiency of grants are proposed.	1
Asian names were found to account for the majority of misidentification by initial-based disambiguation due to their common surname and given name initials.	4
After cleaning for duplicates and missing data, our sample contains 6,288 unique Canadian nanotechnology patents obtained from 1990 to 2009.	2
Egypt, with a total publication of 1284 (40.43%) ranked first among the Arab countries in "urology and nephrology" subject category.	4
How then can we check whether or not Eq.	3
However, author order and contribution statements are not always aligned, suggesting that they also provide different and complementary—information.	5
In five countries in 2018, including the United States (US) and China, domestic only co-authored papers had higher average global citations than did internationally co-authored papers (Kwiek 2020, 16).	4
Focusing on these active reviewers, this study addresses the following three questions:	1
A major paradigm shift has been identified in the business models of Biotechnology for Engineering – ‘Capability to Connectivity’ model.	4
At least three factors contribute to the legitimation of these judgements: the unanimity of decisions, third-party endorsements, and the transparency of the decision-making process.	4
Also, structural hole complements the information ecology theory by quantifying the information ecological niche, thereby contributing to bridging divergences among users in online social networks.	5
What is the conceptual structure of the discipline like?	1
1 Wenzhou Medical College, Wenzhou, Zhejiang, China, 2 Department of Land, Air and Water Resources, University of California Davis, Davis, California, United States of America	0
The best visibility was demonstrated by Uruguay, Puerto Rico and Peru, countries with high rates of collaboration.	4
The method we propose combines narratives, maps, and indicators to facilitate the study of research collaboration.	3
The areas were made by grouping WoS categories and those firstly analysed were ten: Agriculture, Biology and Environmental Sciences; Arts and Humanities, Chemistry; Clinical Medicine; Engineering, Technology; Life Sciences; Mathematics; Multidisciplinary Sciences; Physics; and Social Sciences.	2
The reason for this difference is very complex, and may reflect the author’s number of publications, study interests, or analysis error.	0
Our analysis shows that although collaborating with "giants" may benefit a young scholar, they are more likely to achieve greater scientific success if they first work independently and only collaborate with "giants" later in their career.	4
Average percentile of papers correlated (at least 60%) with 1991 papers vs.	0
Because of the inexact matching between publication titles (strings), a similarity measure based on the distance proposed by Levenshtein (1966) was used.	3
The survey identified 82 groups (listed in the Appendix A) covering 510 lines of research and involving 960 researchers, 953 students, and 38 technicians.	4
Over 91 % preprints were published in journals within 1 year after being uploaded in bioRxiv.	4
Therefore, an ad hoc classification scheme was designed according to the degree of misconduct and seriousness of the comments, and 24,016 publications (97%) were classified following this scheme:	3
These facts lead to the conclusion that the IS of United States based on second-generation ethanol is more highly developed when compared to other countries.	5
We initially collected metadata for all preprints posted from the time of the server's launch, corresponding to November 2013 for bioRxiv and June 2019 for medRxiv, until the end of our analysis period on October 31, 2020 (N = 114,214).	2
Bradford's law is applied in order to study the distribution of literature among sources and identify a core group of sources containing a high proportion of articles on GIT.	3
2 If it were possible to compare the gap between the maximum and minimum of scientists' earnings and their prestige, I suspect that the latter would by far be the larger.	0
An important and somewhat surprising finding is that scholars from different post-Soviet countries practically do not collaborate with each other.	4
This bibliometric study implemented knowledge domain visualization (KDV) using VOSViewer and Biblioshiny in the Bibliometrix R-package to investigate the basic scientometric profile of the selected fields.	3
The two journals publishing the most articles on leishmaniasis were Brazilian; Memórias do Instituto Oswaldo Cruz and Revista da Sociedade Brasileira de Medicina Tropical which together accounted for 11.2% of the articles throughout the entire study period.	4
This study also examined individual contributions, especially those of females, in collaboration.	3
As for blinding, two thirds of respondents agreed author names should be hidden from reviewers (double-blind reviewing), half agreed co-reviewer names should be hidden, and one third agreed reviewer names should not be hidden from authors (zero-blind reviewing).	4
In addition to the two surveys, we performed an analysis on patents' citations, which uses bibliometric techniques to examine the wealth of patent citation information.	3
The difference in the number of citations that these two concepts received further demonstrates that the influence of Zipf's law is much stronger than that of the PLE.	5
Panellist affiliations seem to skew European Research Council decisions – especially in the life sciences.	1
Even so, authorship order does appear to make a difference in some fields and should be considered in conjunction with publication and citation counts when evaluating scholarly productivity, at least in the social and behavioral sciences.	5
Figure 1 and 2 illustrate the network map that links the keywords to the entire sample of the TPs analyzed by VOSviewer software.	3
Then, a Spearman correlation analysis was carried out to assess the correlation between the SJR impact factor and variables derived of activity on social media, while subgroup analyses were performed for data extracted from journals with Twitter accounts through Spearman correlation tests as well.	3
The median number of citations for qualitative studies was almost the same as the median of BMJ's impact factor during the survey period.	5
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The citation advantage of papers written in collaboration is scarcely related to their quality.	5
As older papers become more discoverable they will be used by works in different fields than their own more than expected.	1
Books are not included in the database as a source for citations	0
The use of “Scientometrics” in LIS research had increased manifold during the years 2010 to 2015.	4
We first describe the background to the project and related activities, particularly relating to CERIF and its implementation across the UK higher education sector.	0
We apply two different analytical approaches (local and global bibliometric analysis) to describe how this literature is organized and how it has evolved.	1
The research data used in this paper were obtained from the Web of Science (WoS) database, which includes scientific papers from all disciplines, in the top-ranked journals for the scientific community.	2
In response, this paper investigates author gender, collaboration, and research methods using 4973 full-length articles published between 1990 and 2017 in ATR, Tourism Management (TM), and Journal of Travel Research (JTR).	2
Thus, current research aims to identify the relationship that exists (Sud & Thelwall, 2014) between library holdings of each publication format with formal citations to books and other metrics in order to clarify aspects of impact.	1
This important property of aggregability means that this new interdisciplinarity measure can also be applied at the meso (research groups, research centres) and macro levels (regions and countries).	5
1 Centre for Evidence in Transplantation, Royal College of Surgeons of England, London, United Kingdom.	0
Assuming all indices are equally important, the 27 selected journals were finally ranked based on their arithmetic mean scores of all rankings in all seven indices, which are described as follows:	0
Data analysis will be confined to use of descriptive statistics and the presentation of data into tables and charts.	0
In contrast, to say that an article B is bibliographically coupled to A means that they both cite some of the same articles C?	3
The findings of the study showed that 41 out of 57 OIC member states have published 7,369 highly cited papers and 249 hot papers.	4
Despite the success in increasing the total number of publications, the current proposed mechanisms to increasing publication in high-impact journal through this current postgraduate system seem to be ineffective.	5
In conclusion, we addressed each of our research goals as described in Sect.	5
Thus, to adjust for the latter we use the RePEc ranking of economics journals that (as of December 2016) was established using information on the cumulative simple impact factor (defined as the ratio of the number of citations by the number of items in each journal).	3
The highest degree and betweenness centrality belongs to Masjedi showing the communication paths of other nodes overtaking them.	4
The results suggest that whilst there was a high degree of willingness to provide impact information to CEDA there remains confusion around what 'impact' is.	4
These results show that, overall, collaborative research results in higher citation rates.	5
From the original population, 4,773 author names assigned to Hong Kong, China, Taiwan, Republic of Korea, Viet Nam, and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea were removed due to the infeasibility of automatic classification.	2
We use the abstracts of European Research Council (ERC) Starting Grant (StG) funded projects that were accepted between 2009 and 2016 inclusive.	2
This research employed three types of data collection techniques: interviews, observation, and document analysis.	2
I am also grateful to Kirsty Kay for proofreading the text.	0
Accordingly, the research question guiding this study is: which are the bibliometric properties of the field of innovation in BMA in LATAM in terms of output and impact (citations) by countries, institutions and authors, and related topics in the last 30 years?	1
Specifically, we investigate the influence of three key factors on the natural selection of bad science: publication of negative results, improved peer review, and criteria for funding allocation.	1
In building our contact list, we restricted ourselves to authors of articles that had been published in 17 English-language general-interest economics journals in 2015 or 2016.	2
The proposed system has two major steps of indexing and computation.	3
According to reviews [27-29], the European Sport Management Quarterly (ESMQ) is one of the leading journals in communicating the sport management field.	2
Specifically, the RCR is calculated as the total number of citations per year of a publication divided by the average field-specific citations per year received by NIH-funded papers in the same field.	3
In addition, in Round 2 there also appeared to be conflicting views on the contents of a review for manuscripts where the recommendation was to reject, with some comments indicating that a full review wasn’t needed, and others indicating that, to help authors develop, a full review was still required.	4
For each Al paper, we consider the country of the last author's affiliation as that paper's country of origin.	3
We found that respondents are on average satisfied with their publishing experiences (justifiabilitymean = 5.38; worthwhilemean = 5.57).	4
In order to better display the research results, the visualization of major topics, different kinds of co-occurrence networks of keywords, and the detection of keywords with strongest citation bursts are presented through CiteSpace [39, 40] and Carrot2 [41, 42].	3
To clearly recognize essential characters of research content and reflect important research diversity characteristics of scholars, we propose to use entitymetrics analysis for the scholar-level diversity measurement.	1
In all, 76634557 citations were received by as many as 14946975 research articles published from 2008-2012 at an average of 5.12 citations per article.	4
The new document went through several revisions before being unanimously approved by SLIM faculty and the dean in May 2021 and by the provost in October 2021.	3
Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Bolded titles are indexed in Web of Science Core Collection and/or Scopus databases.	0
Moreover, the technologies that afford these types of quantifiable interactions affect the 'unfolding ontology' of algorithmic academic identities.	4
The top 3 clusters comprise 73, 27 and 21 articles, respectively.	4
The purpose of the present bibliometric study is to celebrate the four decades of CCE and analyze all articles published in this journal from 1977 to 2018.	1
Data collection was performed by running an ad-hoc homemade Python script.	3
To ensure the representativity of publications as proxy of the research output, we include in the analysis only those SDSs where at least 50 % of researchers produced at least one WoS-indexed publication in the period 2004–2008.	2
ECOOM and Department of MSI, KU Leuven, Naamsestraat 61, Leuven, Belgium	0
Copying or distributing in print or electronic forms without written permission of IGI Global is prohibited.	0
These include a lack of awareness of existing resources on research ethics, an interest among members for materials for student training, and concerns about ethical issues in the areas of publications, plagiarism, data-handling, teaching ethics, and ethical decision-making.	4
However, our analysis shows systemic gender disparities across countries, regardless of levels of human development.	5
Bibliometric analysis is a method to study the frequency and patterns of citations in the literature.	3
Fourie I, from, from (Department of Information Science, University of Pretoria) South Africa, ranked the first in the number of publications with 27 articles (0.642 per cent).	4
We used SciVerse Scopus Author Identifier to generate the publication list for each academic.	2
With a case study of the evolution of LDA, we demonstrate the sequence and progress of the growth of innovation, explore the patterns of applying or improving innovative ideas, and reveal the cross-boundary diffusion between different subjects.	1
As indicated by findings of the study, the research productivity scenario prevailing among the agricultural scientists did not produce a very rosy picture.	5
My contention in this paper is that one cannot fully appreciate the critiques of the likes of Jerven without some reference to the data presented in the previous section of this paper.	5
In contrast, the websites of the Canadian institutions take a more direct approach by shedding light on the problem.	5
In the following we denote a study being cited in a succeeding study a selected study whereas a study not being cited in a succeeding study is denoted a deselected study.	3
Our results place a lower bound on the extent to which fame magnifies a researcher's citation count and that lower bound is high.	5
This improvement in classification with time is intuitive as with the progress of time, we collect more evidences about the SBs which lead to detect them more accurately.	0
In this study we sought to learn whether different metrics measures would point to the same books or book types.	1
Based on our proposed model, virtual HRN as a reliable and feasible strategy should be adopted in our country and enables us to promote the functions and features of HRN.	5
According to the findings of this study, KSA is ranked fortieth in the world and fourth in the Middle East in clinical neuroscience research.	4
We also use VOSviewer (Jan and Ludo 2010) to perform co-authorship analysis.	3
To assess this, Mendeley readers and citations were obtained for articles from 2004 to late 2014 in five broad categories (agriculture, business, decision science, pharmacy, and the social sciences) and 50 sub-categories.	1
Virtual Diabetes Clinic, created based on health network modeling, helped us to reach more success in application of our experience in Diabetes and Osteoporoses Research Networks.	4
However, while our findings point to the relevance of social media popularity, they do not support the idea that the extent of social media activity could be a measure of scientific performance.	5
Our dataset consisted of 703 papers and 1118 authors.	2
Respondents rated Facebook mostly to “Keep in touch with colleagues" (42.9%), while LinkedIn was mainly valued to "Extend the professional network” (51.0%).	4
In this case, we were not able to include these publications.	0
The following research questions were addressed in this study:	1
Based on a novel dataset of 193 countries over three periods, 1990-1999, 2000-2009 and 2010-2018, we have examined the impact of geographical, socioeconomic, political, cultural, intellectual, and excellence distances on the propensity to engage in IRC at the global level, by scientific domain and over time.	1
This study uses bibliometric analysis to identify key dimensions of the published and indexed literature on scope of practice.	1
To examine the post-graduation career of Ph.Ds, we integrated the dissertation database with the database of national research grants, Grants-in-Aid (GiA).	2
The authors are grateful to the anonymous referees and editors for their invaluable and insightful comments.	0
The Equifax credit dataset is provided for predicting default credit risk contains records for business customers, each associated with a unique MPID identifier.	2
The researchers' co-authorship network consisted of 78 authors and its density degree is 0.57.	4
This article aimed to reveal the status and identify the key features of collaboration in the field of nursing in China.	1
SPSS (IBM SPSS Statistics 21) was used for statistical analysis.	3
We also found that collaboration between Australian and New Zealand authors was very low with only 1% (n = 31) of publications including authors from both countries and 0.4% (n = 12) including orthopaedic surgeons or trainees from both.	4
Rather, accumulating such data would facilitate self-reflection for everyone.	5
Averaging across all researchers, the perceived amounts of work contribution for each authorship position were as follows: 62.14 % (SD = 14.22) for first authorship, 22.57 % (SD = 9.09) for second authorship, and 15.29 % (SD = 9.73 %) for third authorship and beyond (Fig.	4
This paper describes a bibliometric study of journal articles in Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) related to open access journals.	1
We selected four predictors of coauthorship were selected, two (study type, topical scope of the study) associated with complexity and two (financial support for the project, popularity of the publishing journal) associated with competition.	3
During a period of 20 weeks, the mediator sent an average of 100 emails a day, inviting academics to join the project.	2
By collecting patent data of four representative fields from the USPTO, we empirically tested the periodical citation distribution model in the patent referencing process, and conducted a comparative analysis of the identified parameters based on the characteristics of the fields.	2
The h-index for the data collected from Scopus is presented.	3
For space considerations we do not present these full results here, but are happy to provide them upon request.	0
The perpetuation of this librarian-faculty divide, rather than any attempt by either group to close this gap.	0
Papers were ranked by the total number of citations, which ranged from 104 to 1,019, and six papers were cited more than 400 times.	4
Brazil was a frequent co-author of articles published in the period (top 3: USA=25.5%; Brazil=13.8%; Germany=9.2%) and the country with most publications in two subareas.	4
Two different databases were used to harvest the data set: Scopus and WoS Core Collection (SCI-Expanded, SSCI, and A&HCI indexes).	2
Peer-review under responsibility of the scientific committee of the 14th International Conference on Current Research Information Systems, CRIS2018.	0
In the following subsections the methods used for both data collection and analysis will be discussed in some detail.	0
The solution for these problems that we favored in this study was the application of the so-called "Latent Piecewise Growth Curve Model".	3
Section 2 provides background information about the national university reform in Japan.	0
We employed two metrics to measure research performance: research productivity and research impact.	3
A database derived from 102,740 research project (R01) grants funded by the NIH from 1980 through 2008 was obtained from Danielle Li (Harvard University) and Richard Nakamura (NIH Center for Scientific Review).	2
STROBE endorsement was not associated with journal impact indices but was with CONSORT and PRISMA endorsement.	4
The quantification of subdisciplines' trends emerged as a response to the claims about a "cognitive revolution," which positioned cognitivism as the dominant paradigm in psychology (Robins, Gosling, and Craik, 1999; Tracy, Robins & Gosling, 2005).	1
Chaomei Chen of Drexel University for providing us with data on his recent map of information science for this comparison study, Henry Small for his extremely helpful comments on an earlier draft of this article, and anonymous reviewers for their many useful comments and suggestions.	0
This paper illustrates that academics who are engaged with traditional materials for their scholarly work are also embracing various forms of social media to a higher degree than their colleagues.	5
The maximum likelihood rule for ranking alternatives is the best method if we think of peer review decision-making as a collective quest for truth: What decision is most likely to be factually correct or most likely to meet a common objective.	5
The Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) applies to the data made available in this article, unless otherwise stated.	0
Accurately retrieved reference type is “article”; language is “English”; data category is refined by the subject “pharmacology pharmacy”.	2
The Highlights arrangement can be classified in accordance with five patterns: introduction-major, results-major, process-major, a 'structured abstract'-like pattern and a comprehensive arrangement that addresses multiple aspects of the article.	5
The emergence of COVID-19 has had a great impact, not only among clinical professionals, which is where, as expected, it has the most relevance (88.23%), but also in other areas, mainly in Social Sciences (6.07%), Technology, Physical Sciences, and Arts and Humanities.	5
For this reason, we added the efficiency score from the immediately preceding period as a second input for the current period.	3
Forty-nine articles were selected for analysis after an extensive scrutiny.	2
The present work minimises this effort by removing non-alphanumeric characters and stop words, extracting all possible geographical origins of the FA variants and automatically selecting appropriate keywords that identify major sponsors.	5
Our analysis confirmed previous findings that the Scopus database offers significantly wider coverage of designated nursing journals than Web of Science.	5
All eight journals with a known IF had a higher IF than the average IF in edtech journals, which has been established as 1.173 (Zurita et al.	4
The problem we are interested in is to build and analyze ColNet of biomedicine researchers in the Arab world.	1
Northeastern University (U.S.) and the University of Surrey (U.K.) ranked second and fifth, respectively.	4
Five SBs were identified as shown in Table 6.	4
It is also found that ID3 performs better as compared to other models when all features used simultaneously.	5
Librarians need to look at their local research community and their usage habits and should not rely on general studies for answers.	5
Here we analyzed both productivity and impact measures for a large set of researchers publishing in high-impact journals, accounting for censoring biases in the publication data by using distinct researcher cohorts defined over non-overlapping time periods.	1
Determine whether there is any significant difference between research and citation impact of OA and non-OA journals published in the health and medical sciences in India.	1
Given the documented increase in the number of papers in the basic, clinical, and translational sciences in which multiple authors merit recognition as primary authors, acknowledgment of joint first authorship in multiple venues should be more prominent.	5
The analysis of the regulations for adjunct professorship at medical faculties continues to show a clear heterogeneity in the requirements for applicants.	5
This article investigates the influence of time on the number of Mendeley readers of an article through a theoretical discussion and an investigation into the relationship between counts of readers of, and citations to, 4 general library and information science (LIS) journals.	1
Female researchers are overrepresented as 1st authors of publications with high usage because they more often engage in research mainly aimed at societal progress.	1
4 Proportion trend of disciples in various disciplines from 1980 to 2020	0
Productivity and impact are sig-nificantly and positively correlated with both GII and HDI, but collaboration is negatively correlated with HDI and GII.	4
The bibliometric analysis of aquatic ecosystem revealed the global research performance in the subject areas from 1992 to 2011.	5
To investigate the effect of motivation on scientists' effort and performance in knowledge valorisation, this study used a cross-sectional survey among life scientists in the Netherlands.	2
The results further indicate, in line with previous research, that combining citation-based approaches with textual approaches enhances the performance of seed-based information retrieval.	4
My estimations show that institutions with a successful history of acquiring third-party funds coped best under these novel circumstances, thus revealing a clear pattern of cumulative advantage.	4
This bibliometric analysis on the 100 top-cited articles in EM journals from WoS has demostrated several significant points, which help to map the EM development and research trends in the past recent years, and potentially guides EM physicians for evaluating and orienting their future research works.	5
From an efficiency perspective of the investment in R&D, although China invests much more money than South Korea, Japan, Israel and Singapore, the country does not achieve to lead the citations per paper indicators, not even in the projections, which would denote that the higher level of investment is not returning not only financially, but in what the OECD mentions in the definition of R&D as “creative work for new applications" (OECD 2019).	5
Another program was developed in Java to parse these records, and to store the resulting citation information such as titles, authors, publishing sources and years of both citing and cited documents in a data structure that was convenient for later data analysis such as counting citations using multiple methods.	0
The data on research publications has been taken from the Web of Science (Science Citation Index-Expanded) for the years 1990–2014 (Table 1).	2
Conflict of interest The authors state that there is no conflict of interest.	0
The results presented in Table 2 reveal that personal barriers (0.2701) are of the highest priority, followed by institutional barriers (0.2649), psychological barriers (0.2329), social barriers (0.1467), and industrial barriers (0.0852).	4
In this study, we focus on the so-called triple helix interactions: the participation of universities, companies and governments in knowledge production as an indicator for knowledge use in society and non-academic research involvement.	3
Computer Science is among the fields with the lowest female representation in recent years despite having relatively higher female representation in the middle of the 20th century.	4
The first approach is the assignment of full credit to each co-author (normal, or standard counting; Egghe et al., 2000).	3
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Downloaded from sss.sagepub.com at UNIV NEBRASKA LIBRARIES on April 9, 2015	0
In this paper, we measure the relationship that exists between the social variables and research results: population of the country, gross domestic expenditure on R&D (GERD) and economic investment in tertiary education as a percentage of GDP, researchers, researcher's migratory movements, social networks and collaboration, publication in academic disciplines, scientific production and citations as a measure of the research representation.	1
Twenty-five countries accounted for 97.6% of the total number of adult hip studies, and gross domestic product correlated with publication volume (Spearman's rho, 0.723; p=0.000).	4
This research examined disciplinary characteristics of LIS by investigating a hiring dataset of faculty members currently employed at US LIS schools.	5
Among the 18 information sources (journals), African Journal of Library, Archives and Information Science is the only journal that is published in Nigeria, and this may be the reason why it has the highest number of published journal articles in LIS research in Nigeria.	4
Table 2 presents more details information regarding the publish stage of articles.	0
The Hindawi data for the variables Submit, APC, Author, and Review were available from Hindawi journal websites.	2
The Scopus database (Baas, et al., 2020) was used to search for eligible authors and their publication corpora.	2
Thus, missing significant data as authorship metadata characterizes a gray zone that directly impacts these three components cited by Gl?nzel and Schoepflin (1994).	5
We started by implementing the force-directed algorithm using the edge-repulsion energy model proposed by Noack (2007).	3
The incremental time is defined as the length of time required between receiving the ith citation and the (i – 1)th citation, which is equivalent to (Y; – Y; ?	3
Publication activity for each country was adjusted by population size and gross domestic product (GDP), obtained from the online databases of the World Bank [36].	3
The 50 most cited articles ranged from 989 to 172 citations, with citation density ranging from 71.5 to 4.1.	4
Around three quarters of the scientists surveyed considered that during their FIS research contract, their group did not produce or implement any technological innovation, or did so as a result of other research lines different from their own.	4
A quantitative analysis was performed based on data drawn from the research documentation system of the University of Vienna called RAD (Research Activity Documentation).	2
Hence, it is unlikely that our findings were the result of a change among reviewers.	0
Figure 3 depicts that over half of the respondents indicated peer-review process (133, 66.2%), impact factor (106, 52.7%), speed of publication (104, 51.7%) and qualified editorial board (103, 51.2%) as the major motivational factors to consider publishing with OA journals once the decision to publish in OA journals had been made.	4
This section makes use of historical data for the last four decades, in order to shed light on the net accumulated results presented above.	3
(This top five list is the same as last year, except for changes of position.)	0
We conclude that longer comments, more rounds of review, and the more diversified words did not contribute to the citations of the papers in Nature Communications.	5
The results show that ICCI has a positive effect on scientific impact.	4
To have a picture of international cooperation between different world regions and countries, we made network analysis on two levels.	3
Panama is a small Central American country for which apparently there are no specific scientometric studies.	1
funding awardees and 103 nonfunded nominees during the period between 2010 and 2017.	2
This study has a double purpose: a fact-finding one and a methodological one.	1
Firstly, we analyzed the power-law distribution of the citations of total (funded + unfunded)/funded/unfunded articles published from computer science, medicine, and economics.	3
Spearman's (p) statistical correlation between JIF with CS shows maximum correlation, i.e.	4
propose a method to infer the future h-indices of neuroscientists, our h-index prediction problem is formulated as a regression task.	3
Our findings suggest that the most common research misconducts that are currently being witnessed in Malaysian universities are plagiarism and author- ship disputes, however, researchers seldom report incidents of research misconduct because it takes too much time, effort and work to report them, and some are just afraid of repercussions when they do report it.	4
The way in which we assess researchers has been under the radar in the past few years.	1
The network analyses showed that the USA hosted the largest number of overseas students and was positioned at the center of student mobility and scholarly communication on Mendeley.	4
The findings of the study show that the most frequently used topics and words are knowledge organization and classification.	4
soil and rock mechanics) have reduced their share in the field, but still remain among the most cited topics in geotechnical engineering.	5
We obtained usage statistics of those three consortia with the COUNTER statistics, which was accessible through the administrator portal of individual consortiums.	3
Las publicaciones peruanas en Ciencias Sociales obtienen mayor visibilidad en las fuentes de Mendeley y Dimensions siempre y cuando los artículos se publiquen por la ruta verde de acceso abierto e incluso en acceso restringido.	5
The gender composition of the SNI, counting the total number of active members of all ranks, is over 60% men and almost 40% women.	4
cWE omit articles written only by authors with no academic affiliation	0
Because we believe the journal selection before a manuscript submission deserves further investigation in each medical specialty, we aimed to evaluate the predictive ability of seven bibliometrics in the Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Medical Imaging category of the Web of Knowledge to calculate total citations over a 7-year period.	1
As Table 6 below shows, international collaboration in research takes time to develop: the percentage of academics collaborating with international colleagues increases with every age group (from 44.6% for academics under 40 to 59.5% for those in their fifties, and drops for those in their sixties); and it certainly increases by career stages, from less than half (45.0%) in the case of new entrants to three-quarters (75.1%) in the case of full professors.	4
This article tests whether the geographic diversity of editorial boards affects the diversity of research papers.	1
WS was found to be more difficult to classify by machine than SC because of the reviewers' use of more subtle language.	4
A co-word analysis was conducted to measure correlation among the extracted keywords.	3
2001; Bodner 1986) reflects one's understanding about how individuals construct knowledge and that this process is inherently social.	3
This paper aims to investigate the validity of these two potential advantages of altmetrics, namely speed and breadth.	1
Impact Factor is the main index used by researchers for ranking the anatomy and morphology journals, but several shortcomings should be taken into account when they are using this index alone.	5
The process described above employs MLC to achieve the automatic generation of distinct-granularity knowledge nodes.	3
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
The measurement unit was the number of papers published in peer-reviewed journals, as listed on the Scopus database.	2
(AJSM?) and Arthroscopy? over the past 30 years.	1
These were historical, in which details of past research were the important issue.	0
Balanced involvement of the scientists from the low performing institute in research and teaching activities, organization development interventions in regular intervals for ensuring a pro-research and creative organizational environment and allocation of sufficient fund for individual research projects may be suggested among the necessary measures for harnessing optimum research productivity of scientists.	5
Only around a third of the journals have at least one citation from patent applications.	5
The highest SIGAPS score was in the "Orthopedics" discipline followed by "Surgery", and then by "Sport Sciences" with a large number of publications in the SIGAPS B category.	4
The study population came from a hand-curated collection of 50 peer-reviewed systems conferences from a single publication year (2017).	2
Naturally, the volume of research has expanded several fold during the studied 35-year period.	0
Hence, it seems that the lower number of Author-pays papers can be partially explained by the prevalence of the Green model.	5
Data analysis was carried out using statistical package for social sciences (SPSS) Version 16 (SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL, USA) and a p value of ≤ .05 was considered to be significant.	3
Plots showing average results over different search times corresponding to different categories of a second variable.	0
We hereby suggest that differences in the aims of research can be one of the explanations for gender differences in impact.	5
In terms of units of assessment, both India (1.84%) and China (11.46%) do not match their respective shares of world GDP.	4
In this study, I rely on DOIs assigned to papers to estimate the coverage of the scientific literature by LibGen.	3
The need for legal infrastructure and support for the active participation of women in HR was the main extracted point of study.	5
Our study presents a detailed list and an analysis of the 100 most-cited articles in the field of neuroimaging, which provides an insight into historical developments and allows for recognition of the important advances in this field.	5
The year distribution of water research literature peaked at 3983 in the year of 2011.	4
Harbingers1 is an international collaborative of researchers from nine countries (Australia, China, France, Israel, Malaysia, Poland, Spain, UK, and US2).	2
This Short Note argues that the answer is yes.	1
The SQI may be considered as a novel indicator of scientific output quality, whereas the h-index is stronger determined by quantitative measures (the number of papers and the number of citations).	5
For clustering analysis, influential terms as metadata were represented by relative topic probabilities with several dimensions (i.e.	3
Between OECD FOS fields mapped from Dimensions and Springer Nature, the minor field figures are only 27% identical, 59% partially identical and 14% completely different.	4
The date range chosen was 2009–2011, with the subject area being ‘Energy Fuels' and with the country affiliation of at least one author of each paper being either ‘Turkey' or ‘Malaysia'.	2
Such an approach enables identifying, across the range of fields, the powerful role of our scientific methods and instruments in shaping most aspects of our knowledge and science, whereas economic, social and historical influences help shape what knowledge we pursue.	4
We used the most common indices that would allow comparison to the relevant prior literature, with the h index and simple citation and publication counts most widely used.	0
The main funders found in scientific publications in MENA are government and academic organizations.	5
However, RPUs were unique in the prevalence of student works, special collections, and archival materials found in their IRs, as they are more likely to hold these objects than other institution types reported on in previous censuses.	5
They are described through four major indicators: academic reputation (weighted 40% in ICT field), employer reputation (weighted 30%), citations per paper (weighted 15%), and H-index citations (weighted 15%).	2
Our work in this study provided a thorough and in-depth picture on the status quo and evolution of the platform research, and also predicted the future tendency in this field.	1
The clinical observation studies were the dominant study type with 164 items (64%), while the basic research studies had 92 items (36%).	4
Based on the theories of similarity-attraction and cognitive diversity, the reasons for the differences between female and male scientists may be team atmosphere and their roles in collaboration.	5
Then we collected the following data from each paper: kind of ecological approach, environment, organisms and disturbances studied, year of publication, number of citations, number of self-citation (from any one authors of the papers), 2018 Journal CiteScore, the kind of the paper (original or review), the highest h-index (after removing the effects of self-citations in this score) among all the authors of each paper (from now on, designate as H Max), the nationality of each author (country where the author works), the number of papers that each author has published about CAD (in order to visualize which authors are building a research line about this subject).	2
In this paper we define a framework that allows analysing the degree of interdisciplinarity of a research institution.	5
The online version of this article includes the following figure supplement(s) for figure 7:	0
Achieving positive outcomes through collaboration was perceived by stakeholders as slowly evolving towards small successes, and was facilitated by being able to accept failure, working in a climate of trust, developing a shared identity, managing expectations, informally sharing information, and being able to connect with youth.	4
The analysis considers various metics including citation structure of the journal, most-cited papers, the most influential authors, institutions and countries, and citing articles.	1
FIGURE 1: Number of papers published by Chinese business school on UTD24 from 2000–2018.	0
In this paper, we empirically investigate the first 36 years of the Journal of Environmental Economics and Management by analyzing all articles published in the journal up to 2010.	1
At the general level, the main finding of this paper—that citation concentration is increasing—is in line with arguments that, over time, the scientific workforce tends to concentrate its attention on fewer problems relative to its size.	5
The case studies illustrate NPG and PLoS first investing in experimentation directly inspired by some of the successful (at that time) and emblematic Web 2.0 services.	4
For a significant test case (namely, Sapienza University of Rome, the largest university in Italy), we present a detailed comparison of the scores obtained, for substructures and individuals, by applying the official VQR rules, with those resulting from Shapley value computations.	2
Although the disciplinary origins of gerontology will likely shift in the coming decades, we conclude that biomedical sciences are likely to remain core to the development of gerontology.	5
In all, the individuals provided a total of 45 sets of reader-reasons, and these 45 sets provided the basis for the analyses in the Results and Discussion section which follows.	2
When assessing productivity and impact using the h-index, the positive impact of professional age is greater for female academic researchers later in their careers than their male counterparts in the field of epidemiology.	5
This subset of the SSRN consisted of 4,468 institutions, 84,808 authors, 162,185 papers, and 1,465,082 references.	2
The study also looks at differing citation practices between journals with a wide audience compared to a national journal with a focus on regional issues and trends in the field.	1
Michele Frasier is Circulation, Instruction, and Reserves Librarian in the Linscheid Library at East Central University; e-mail: smccullr@mailclerk.ecok.edu.	0
PDR scores were not related to socially desirable responding, or to measures of work stressors and the remaining impulsivity subscales.	4
In the current study, the 905 classic articles were divided by subspecialty: 468 (51.7%) otology/lateral skull base surgery, 179 (19.8%) benign head and neck surgery/ laryngology, 163 (18%) head and neck oncology, 95 (10.5%) rhinology/anterior skull base surgery, and no academic otolaryngology articles.	4
The number of authors examined in 2236 articles is 7798, and the number of studies with a single author is found to be 56.	4
Models 5 and 6: Predicting ranking with normalized variables and z-scores through linear regression	0
This study provides a perspective on the development of orthopedic publications during the COVID-19 pandemic and evidence for researchers worldwide to strengthen global cooperation in fighting the epidemic.	5
To ensure the credibility and relevance of the results, we utilized specific search terms such as "Fall armyworm," "Spodoptera frugiperda,” “integrated pest management," "insect,” and “pest management.”	2
By using CiteSpace [13], [14], [102], the document co-citation network is presented in Fig.	3
The study presents how the correlation exists among different Web of Science (WoS) subject categories and in different Mendeley user categories.	1
This article explores what is broadly being said about PPPR in the literature, so as to establish awareness and a possible first-tier prototype for the sciences for which such a system is undeveloped or weak.	1
In total, among 66,915 NSSFC projects, 540,524 papers have been published, and the 25 disciplines with the highest number of papers were selected as the research objects.	2
Funding was declared for 286 of 600 included articles (47.7%).	4
The similarity of rankings is compared in Table 5 by means of the Damerau-Levenshtein distance (DLD) according to Damerau (1964), as specified in Wolfram Research, Inc (2013): The DLD between two strings u and v gives the number of one-element deletions, insertions, substitutions and transpositions required to transform u to v.	3
With respect to the most evident contrast between Mexico and Korea, the list of firms found through the webometric analysis suggests the dominance of a strong corporate culture in Korea’s organic market.	5
Following a systematic review of the literature on the meaning and use of citations (Jones et al.	5
Hence, we can conclude about the structure of scientometrics using co-word analysis of scientometrics literature in the journal Scientometrics.	5
Bibliometric analyses provide a quantitative and qualitative analysis of literature, and rely on statistical and mathematical methods applied to a selected literature database (Thompson and Walker 2015).	3
Presented at the 14th annual Academic Surgical Congress, Houston, TX, February 2019.	0
Received 4 January 2022; Received in revised form 8 September 2022; Accepted 16 November 2022	0
A bibliometric approach was employed to analyze the research productivity and performance of creativity studies between 1965 and 2012.	1
Figure 3 shows Van Gogh’s well-known “Langlois Bridge at Arles” that I will use as an exemplary representation in the routines.	2
This journal had an impact factor 3.31 (JCR 2018) but in the 2020 release of JCR there is no mention of this journal.	0
SciFinder-Scopus and SciFinder-Web of Science were the top two database pairs.	4
The retrieved OA records were deduplicated manually and cross-checked with DOAJ and JCR.	3
Many more predatory journals' homepages contained spelling errors (61/93, 66%) and distorted or potentially unauthorized images (59/93, 63%) compared to open access journals (6/99, 6% and 5/99, 5%, respectively) and subscription-based journals (3/100, 3% and 1/100, 1%, respectively).	4
Future research in the field should be encouraged and correctly directed.	5
The independent variables for the models included time since publication (measured in weeks), JIF for the specific journal at the time the article was published, whether the article was publicly accessible (dummy variable), the number of references in the article, activity related to Twitter, Facebook, news outlets, blog posts, Mendeley saves, and an interaction between JIF and whether the article was publicly accessible.	3
Acknowledgements We wish to thank Natsuo Onodera for his invaluable insights regarding the measuring of the novelty score.	0
The ensuing corpus (n = 219 publications) was then exported to build an in-house database that uses Intellixir?	2
When k is larger than the tipping point, C(k) of each empirical network emerges a decreasing trend, which is proportional to 1/k.	4
Citation: Gallo SA, Schmaling KB (2022) Peer review: Risk and risk tolerance.	0
The second step of the solution is to build an extendable hierarchical web knowledge map of the discovered resources with the clustering algorithm of complex network.	3
CONCLUSIONS: This literature review demonstrates that interest in the cost effectiveness of medical nutrition has increased in recent years with the majority of studies focusing on cost and length of stay in adults of all ages.	5
Second, a semantic analysis of keywords introduced by the authors themselves is applied.	3
recently discovered an OA download (but not citation) advantage [20], and Gargouri et al.	0
The analysis of the qualitative data stemming from the open questions within the survey included a coordinated approach that utilized thematic analysis encompassing an initially broad approach identifying emerging topics (Guest, MacQueen and Namey 2011) overlaid with a positioning and discourse analysis focused on emerging tensions and conflicts visible in the respondents' discourse.	3
First, I find that, while the effects of the PAP on researcher access to the biomedical literature were likely small, some estimates allow for large citation increases after the PAP.	5
In addition, decision trees are used to explore which researchers (according to discipline, academic status and gender) make most of the reviews and which of them accept most of the papers, assuming that these are reasonable proxies for reviewing quality.	3
In this study, Reviewer 2 provided reviews of equal sentiment to other reviewers, suggesting that popular beliefs surrounding Reviewer 2 may be unfounded.	5
In addition to estimating the primary models with the full sample, we estimate Equations (1) and (2) with stratified samples by program rank.	3
The authors significantly increased their exposure to other researchers and authors by publishing in non-dermatology/melanoma journals.	5
Following our conceptual model, we analyse the interviews to determine if selection events (Table 1) at the four research organizations satisfied the predicted mechanisms by which effects of research governance could occur for local members of the field (first-level effects), which could then make possible effects for the global field (second-level effects).	3
We use a topic modeling method to emanate the topics from 9970 contexts of textual citations of 113 cited papers and compare the topic assignment of each CC with human annotated reference terms.	3
For those papers that have DCCPs, DCCPs do occur frequently; highly cited papers tend to contain more DCCPs than others.	4
A literature search was conducted using Pubmed, Medline, Embase for BBD and related terms.	2
This is similar to Business schools (74%) but higher than in Computer Science departments (58%).	0
The term MCAs arbitrarily defined as equal or more than 100 citations.	2
Our findings highlight the mechanics of collaborative research production and are therefore useful for the administration of academic institutions and policymaking in higher education.	5
Broadly, these results suggest that, if CS researchers seek to increase citation count, they should concentrate their efforts on publishing in journals.	5
Four, freely available, software packages are proposed in this paper to process and analyse the data extracted from citation databases.	3
Our main finding is that there is much greater scepticism toward creating a profile on and regularly using SNS for academic purposes than previously reported.	4
The USA made the greatest contribution to Nature's IF for 2013, with a contribution value of 24.623, followed by England (4.236).	4
This article applies a social impact in social media methodology (SISM) to identify quantitative and qualitative evidence of the potential or real social impact of research shared on social media, specifically on Twitter and Facebook.	1
2), going from 5969 in 1996, to 17,568 in 2011, with an average annual growth rate of 7.5%.	4
We see significant cross-field variations in both overall rates and types of specialist authors and nonauthor collaborators.	4
Using citations as a proxy for article impact, both institutional and international collaborative research achieve comparable citation averages.	4
K23 awards had the largest effect overall both during and post-doubling.	4
To access this process of discursive institutionalization, we apply a mixed methods approach: We analyze grant proposals written by organic chemists and political scientists between 1975 and 2005 for the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft's (DFG) open call program, using different techniques of qualitative analysis.	3
The Pearson correlation analysis was performed to evaluate the relationships of continuous variables.	3
We used the query "SU = Medical informatics" to obtain 58,986 papers in the field of medical informatics from the Web of Science (Duration until 31 December 2019).	2
Strong correlations could be found between IF, AIS, and ES.	4
We suggest that better predictions are hindered by the inability to integrate multidimensional information and the limited scalability of existing methods.	5
We conclude that writing styles are unlikely to account for skewed funding patterns and suggest ways in which funding programmes can be designed to provide fair opportunities to all applicants.	5
In all, the proximity framework provides an analytical framework in which different theoretical traditions can be combined and translated into a single research design, here, to explain the replication logic of knowledge claims.	5
Consider the h-table (Table 3) and its corresponding hw-table (Table 4).	0
This study investigates the dissemination pattern of scientific articles on social medial, and is particularly focused on highly tweeted articles and highly cited articles.	1
After the exclusion of incomplete records, the sample comprised 36,565 article records.	2
Yet, the missing accumulation of citation advantages over time suggests that this is more likely caused by differences related to quality than differences related to status.	5
Preregistration of study protocols and, in particular, Registered Reports are novel publishing formats that are currently gaining substantial traction.	1
We focus on early-career scientists because there is now growing consensus in the scientific community that hypercompetition for research funding may be impeding scientific research and endangering the scientific enterprise.	1
To give an overview of the behaviour and scientific contributions of the Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery American (JBJS-A) and British Volume (JBJS-B).	1
The present study aimed to analyse research articles published in high-impact journals (HIJs) by authors from Mainland Chinese hospitals in 2012 and 2017.	1
The findings of this analysis suggest that internal copyediting is effective in reducing reference inaccuracy and, therefore, ensuring high-quality faculty scholarship.	5
Inspired by discussion about measures of research merit (McNutt, 2014; Selvarajoo, 2015), we conducted a series of investigations to analyze citation characteristics of pioneering work based on the large-scale citation network of millions of articles in the Web of Science (WoS).	2
We then selected five countries with developing economies and five industrialized Western countries for our analysis following the binary grouping of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.	2
Received February 16, 2012; revised March 22, 2012; accepted March 26, 2012	0
Finally, we compare the databases over multiple graph statistics using the critical difference diagram.	3
On May 30, 2014, we used the WoS, an interdisciplinary citation index database with long-term retrospective data, to retrieve the bibliographic records of articles citing HBPLE published between 1949 and 2013.	2
Fold change values were derived by dividing the percentage of the publication output for a given year by the average of the percentage of the publication output for the same cohort for the 2000–2004 period.	3
Results show positive, small to medium, correlations on the level of individual publications, and frequently medium to high correlations on the level of research fields of Psychology.	4
RPUs have redefined what an IR can be at their type of institution in relation to their missions of teaching and regional impact.	5
The search equation was performed in the "Address" field, that is, institutional affiliation of the authors, and included the terms "med* imaging", "neuroradiol*", "neurorradiol", "radiodiag*" "radiol*" combined using the "OR" operator.	2
In this paper, we define the novelty of a paper as the negative 10th percentile z-score.	3
The earlier a region embarked on this type of research, the higher the level of laser research later, indicating the accumulation of knowledge generated in previous periods.	4
The second is an evaluation of search-terms' document retrieval interdependence, and for its evaluation, we propose the Significance of Interception Ratio (SIR).	1
The first eight most popular methods are “general methods” such as Treatment Outcome, Risk Factors, and Follow-Up Studies; therefore, we do not include them in the table below, though all methods are used in our analysis.	0
This indicates that the real output and the real trend of the Cuban scientific output in scholarly journals is only available when considering all the possible sources.	5
This paper focuses on the evaluation of the scientific online journal PLOS ONE (formerly PLoS ONE), investigating the research question how its standing in the scientific community is evaluated and whether there are different dimensions each having specific indicators of journal evaluation.	1
Total citation counts include citations received by each article within the first 32 years after publication.	2
The case selected for this study is the North American Digital Government Working Group (NADGWG).	2
To perform a semantic network analysis, this study uses the KrKWIC (Korean key words in context) open-source software available at https://www.leydesdorff.net/krkwic/, providing frequencies of keywords and creating concurrence matrices among them.	3
The comparative analysis of the three interdisciplinary centers in Latin America leads to some conclusions and open questions for future research.	5
The latter defines the strength of interrelations of research aspects, while circles represent specific items whose relationship is being determined.	0
Google Analytics relating to the UCL Press marketing website provided an additional source of data for the project.	2
It was observed that Asia is the most productive continent with 38,245 (56.76%) papers and 231,822 (47.01%) citations followed by Europe with 21,635 (32.11%) papers and 135,997 (27.58%) citations and North America with 12,161 (18.05%) papers and 96,085 (19.49%) citations.	4
In general, international collaboration has a significantly positive effect on the total number of citations (Models 1–3 in Table 2), and the number of citations increases with the involvement of more countries in the collaboration (Models 4–6 in Table 2).	4
Additionally, of the 141 total editorial boards that were listed on applicant CVs, 91 (or 64.5%) were affiliated with publishers of predatory journals.	4
In spite of the limitations mentioned above, our results indicate that collaboration between scientifically advanced institutions (Central) and a wide range of national institutions is a consequence of the social character of science in Cuba in which cooperation rather competition prevail (López-Mola et al., 2006).	5
The study has been undertaken on the secondary data, retrieved from the official website of the SCImago Journal and Country Ranking on June 21, 2014 accessible at http://www.scimagojr.com/index.php (SCImago, 2014).	2
1 Indeed, after the 2008 exercise, the reviewers were explicitly told to destroy any notes they may have made during the process to avoid FOI requests or litigation.	0
A slight decrease in the number of papers with international participation can be noticed.	4
Overall, download counts can be used as an indicator of academic value, but only if contextualised with the purpose of the program.	5
The free tool “Altmetric it” was downloaded from the https://www.altmetric.com/prod-ucts/free-tools/bookm arklet/ and was used to obtain the altmetric attention score (AAS) of an article, which is an automatically calculated weighted count of all of the attention an article has received [23, 24].	3
Building a new generation of infrastructure to enhance cross-disciplinary and multi-institutional collaboration has become an important yet challenging task.	1
The first factor is, “By what means should interdisciplinarity be measured?”.	0
This paper used the representative cross-section data of cooperative patents from the medical science and technology patent database of China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), researching the R&D cooperation within the three major urban agglomerations in China from 2008 to 2016 (Yangtze River Delta Urban Agglomeration, Pearl River Delta Urban Agglomeration, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Urban Agglomeration) on total 36 cities' spatial pattern characteristics of biomedical cooperation and the influencing factors.	1
We recruited 43 oncology researchers from across the United States to participate in one of four peer-review panels (called “study sections” at NIH), each composed of 8–12 reviewers.	2
The sample for the study was formed of journals indexed by WoS in the period 2005-12 and journals produced in Latin America, Spain, and Portugal which are indexed by Scopus, Scielo, and RedALyC that were active in the same period 2005-12.	2
The Injury-International Journal of the Care of the Injured journal has published 10.44% of all articles.	4
International mobility proves to benefit the exchange of knowledge between scientists and various types of co-authors.	5
Editors stick to traditional double-blind peer review processes but are interested in more open methods, including allowing reader comments and public review.	5
The results show that the author follow-score indicator assigns top ranks to prolific and highly-cited researchers in the bibliometrics and informetrics community (specific to the study period and limited to citations that can be traced within the study dataset).	4
We shall discuss a few special issues which will indeed demonstrate some of the still inherent difficulties of CBA when applied to basic science infrastructures.	3
Total Publishing Output of University of Maryland by Year and Open Access Status.	0
The inclusion criteria were: peer-reviewed journal article, original research, epidemiological studies on the prevalence and/or incidence of HPV infection in the cervix of HIV-infected women (i.e.	2
Based on the argument that a publication cannot influence itself through a citation cycle, the SimSPC algorithm is proposed to weight citation arcs by counting simple search paths.	3
However, journal articles do appear as the most frequent form of publication throughout the period analyzed (1972–2014).	4
The similar unusual result may be observed, not only for the whole world, but for each subset of the documents of the same type published in the same year.	4
The 20 most productive journals publishing world research papers on date palm together contributed 482 papers, which accounts for 35.03 % share of the total world output during 2000–11.	4
The average of the shortest distance between the Biomedical Sciences groups and panel members is 0.132 (SD 0.06) and can be used as a measure of the fit between the expertise of the Biomedical Sciences panel and the research groups.	4
For any number of purposes—ranging from the tenure and promotion decisions of individuals to the evaluation of entire institutions—counts of publications and citations to published works are recorded and reported.	0
Through which channels were hybrid APCs invoiced, and who were the recipients?	1
For publications, the ratio decreased by 11% from .45 in 2007 to .40 in 2011.	4
Additionally, it was found that medical publications contribute the most to the total scientific production of Peru.	5
This association was not seen among plastic surgeons in private practice (RR=0.89 1.09 1.32, p<0.4).	0
To compare nations one can either use the prevailing exchange rate or purchasing power parity (PPP) weights to compensate for local prices.	3
In contrast, the typical bibliometric mapping conveys an “a posteriori" type of thinking.	3
We rely on the XML tag <xref> to track down citances.	3
2011 ASIS&T Published online 8 September 2011 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
In this paper, we explore academic researchers' perceptions of the relative importance of the individual responsibilities in the ‘Singapore Statement on Research Integrity'.	1
In this way, our work highlights that restricted diffusion in science can effectively capture socio-epistemic bubbles.	0
This study also aimed to explore potential disciplinary differences with respect to non-author entities accountable for retractions.	1
For this reason, papers not matching our criteria have been not taken into account.	0
All authors were given credit for each publication at their respective institution.	0
We also thank Tom Deleire, Joel Blit, Jeremy Goldhaber-Fiebert, Mike Hoy, Nico Lacetera, Grant Miller, David Studdert, and Doug Owens for helpful conversations.	0
Although the female web-present are found to be equal in their recognition to their male counterparts, there is a significant difference between the web-present and web-absent males in this regard, signifying the higher impact of the web on males' recognition.	4
Thus, it can be concluded that high average impact is indeed a bonus of scientific output that is low in quantity but concentrated on high scientific value (a research strategy summarized as "few works but good").	5
At this aggregate level, graphene technology is on average more consolidating than it is innovating.	4
If research contribution per capita is considered, Singapore takes the top position, followed by Sweden, Switzerland and Denmark.	4
At the time of writing, Benjamin Y Clark was in the Department of Public Administration and Policy, University of Georgia, Athens, GA 30602, USA.	0
It is important to mention that the motor themes and the basic and transversal themes are considered as those that favor the development and consolidation of a field of knowledge or a journal due to their density and centrality.	0
Ltext is the relative similarity of the text of country j’s research output to that of country i by applying a Kullback–Leibler divergence (KLD) measure to the distinct national signatures of countries i and j produced by a supervised topic model called a labelled latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) model, and Ldistortion is what we call the citational well defined as the difference between the two layers:	3
Our sample was extracted from the ERRHCT2006, launched in 2008 by the Spanish Statistical Office.	2
In terms of citations, citing the seminal source was the most common activity.	4
In both contexts, we confirm that there are significant levels of cheating and that honor codes have little impact on rates of dishonesty.	4
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:374341 []	0
One way this might be accomplished fruitfully is by using narrative CVs.	5
We obtained main insights from in-depth interviews with 30 Colombian researchers from agricultural sciences, business and management (B & M), and chemistry.	2
Payment for publication is changing the funding base for scholarly publication therefore broadening the administrative areas responsible for management of the system.	5
The first of these analyses was a negative binomial regression, conducted to determine what effect publications, citations per publication, and citations for the most-cited publication (CMP) have on the h-index value for LIS faculty members.	3
Thus, the usability of -index as an independent indicator of productivity and its application as a complementary indicator along with g-index for a much higher purpose (identification of profile type and its various aspects) is established.	5
The most common personal barriers were insufficient knowledge and experience in the publication process, lack of self-confidence, and fears of rejection.	4
In what follows some previous research on CoEs and capacity will be presented, secondly a methodological section where the analytical model guiding this study will be put forth.	0
Furthermore, we argue that universal adoption of ORCID can help curb authorship-related misconduct, discern predatory journals and publishers, and track researchers' undesirable records of academic publishing.	5
the number of institutions and authors increased over time, yet the average number of papers per institution grew slowly and the average number of papers per author decreased in recent years;	4
The five most popular topics are: Topic 37, Topic 43, Topic 33, Topic 30, and Topic 35.	4
By comparing the journal's expected utility from assigning each type of editor in the separating equilibrium, we find that in the real-life scenario if the cost of the external review is low enough, the journal has a lower expected utility if the manuscript decision happens to be issued by a high-ability editor than if the manuscript decision had been issued by a low-ability editor (for further details, see “Appendix C”).	4
604 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY-May 2003	0
The findings obtained were essential for facilitating the development of the NLP-enhanced clinical trial texts processing, boosting scientific and technological NLP-enhanced clinical trial research, and facilitating inter-country/region and inter-institution collaborations.	5
In this article we present the results of an analysis of commenting on articles published by the Public Library of Science (PLOS), publisher of the first and best-known mega-journal PLOS ONE, between 2003 and 2016.	1
Then, by using similarities among concepts formulated from databases such as Gene Ontology, similarities between articles are evaluated.	3
We find that white men are especially advantaged by instrumental networks, and women are especially advantaged by advice networks.	4
The objective of the present paper focuses on the Mexican scientific diaspora through a combination of bibliometric analysis and curricular information on a selected group of 479 Mexican scientists who have been part of the Mexican National System of Researchers (Sistema Nacional de Investigadores, SNI) since 2009 when the SNI opened its program to Mexican scientists working in foreign institutions.	1
Triviality may result from our current obsession with measurable proxies of impact.	5
All economists in our sample have PhDs in economics, and their academic positions range from postdoc to full professor; four of them are editors of academic journals; and all of them are regularly involved in judging the quality of academic papers as referees or members of conference committees.	2
Meeting minutes of the first meeting were independently reviewed to generate first-cycle codes using descriptive coding.	3
Then, we gathered all publications, i.e., “articles” and “reviews” (documents that always undergo peer review and receive the majority of the citations), from these journals between 1980 and 2021, after manually filtering the journals by ISSN in the InCites publication sources module and downloading all publications that met the criteria for time and typology.	2
A study on the influence of the H-, or Hirsch, index has been included.	3
We used Harzing's Publish or Perish for Windows program to find the number of publications for each author (Harzing 2010), by entering the surname and initials of first and middle name of each author.	3
The co-authorship network used for this paper is built on data drawn from two main sources: the Co-operative Online Bibliographic System and Services (COBISS) (IZUM, 2023) and the Slovenian Current Research Information System (SICRIS) (ARRS, 2023).	2
The data indicate that water use research in Spain is focused on mid-level international collaboration.	5
In the subsequent sections we will discuss the weighted h-index in the discrete case.	0
Within the clinical studies category, clinical evaluation was the most highly represented domain.	4
In this study, we analyse the publication development over the last 30 years of all the EE countries.	1
The HNCD data comprises nation-level scores of six cultural dimensions of small versus large power distance, individualism versus collectivism, masculinity versus femininity, low versus high uncertainty avoidance, short- versus long-term orientations, and indulgence versus restraint.	2
Our analysis of bibliometric valuation compared to faculty valuation suggests that the efforts required to gather faculty and user judgments on journal subscriptions as suggested by Ewing could be reserved for assessing the lower-scoring titles.	5
A possibility to limit this complexity and facilitate the operationalization of the tracking of software is to consider the URL of the software website as the traceable object.	3
In the present study, we performed bibliometric analyses to determine the information needs of researchers, and to determine whether they are satisfied with the journal subscriptions available at their institutes.	1
We propose the use of four relevant metrics to inform management; density, degree centrality, betweenness centrality, and degree of separation also known geodesic distance.	3
More direct indicators of the manuscript peer review process are urgently needed also because, nowadays, JIFs seem to have pervaded the entire scientific publication process.	5
Both the “sustainable tourism” and “destination competitiveness” are recognised as independent events as one is not affected by another one.	5
This qualitative method was conducted according to experts' views in specific fields.	3
Research performance was assessed using the self-appraisal of research profile and performance (SARPP), which asks scientist to rank their relative performance at different levels of analysis (Ryan and Tipu, 2009).	3
The estimates indicate roughly 0.8 more publications for each additional $100,000 in funding, with over half of that effect coming in the third year after funding.	4
Acknowledgements This work is a substantially extended version of Rüdiger Mutz's conference paper presented at the 26th International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators—STI 2022 (Mutz, 2022).	0
it was found that socially oriented prerequisites such as reciprocal interactions, accountability, trust, and equality are perceived of more importance than prerequisites of psychical proximity, networking channels, and funds and material supplies (substance- and entity-related prerequisites).	4
We sought, however, for possible sources of variation, all of which could be objectively measured, that might be somehow related to publishing time (following Biljecki 2015).	0
Our results indicate that fake papers are well made and resemble honest papers even at the metadata level.	5
They found that even scholars with many years of experience in academic English remained dependent on literacy brokering to publish their work (p.	4
The Russian segment of scientific journals in the Scopus and WoS DBs was identified using geolocation.	2
This article proposes an indicator called the "follow-score" that identifies which authors are the most resourceful to "follow" in terms of referencing patterns within a given body of literature.	1
To visualize topical trends in design scholarship, we conducted a content analysis of the designer-identified keywords available from DAP during 1999 through 2017.	3
The discovery of RNA interference (RNAi) in 1998 provides the research context; analyses are performed with all available bibliometric science publication data prior to 1998 within the community of researchers who were most likely to discover RNAi.	2
academic trade presses; foreign academic trade presses; U.S.	3
The average number of citations C and the median number of citations Cm of papers in each 5-day editorial delay box versus the average editorial delay are also plotted.	0
Thus, it is reasonable to conjecture that the growth of PPJ is affected by the research evaluation policies implementing similar Scopus-based performance indicators, such as publication requirements, university reporting requirements, academic bonuses and tenure policies.	5
So let us return to the days of yore in which acknowledgements were meaningful and so was authorship.	5
Publication misconduct occurs and people indulge in it for a variety of reasons.	5
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2021	0
Second, we review the important studies on identifying influential tweeters or tweets on Twitter platform, in chronological order.	0
Narrow-scoped conferences have more representative PCs than wide-scoped ones.	4
2016); and, (3) literature co-citation analysis, in which references cited in different articles are used as the analyzed object, and the complex co-citation web-like relationships among the analyzed objects are simplified to relationships among a smaller number of groups (Chen et al.	3
Table 4 Rankings of USA research institutions ordered by total number of citations received (total global citation score, TGCS) (ranking in brackets)	0
For extensive discussions on computing the posterior distribution from the joint distribution, we refer to Steyvers and Griffiths (2007), Blei and Lafferty (2009), and Blei (2012).	0
Published MEDLINE articles on vascular surgery from the GCC countries (1960-2010).	2
Received 7 August 2020; Received in revised form 10 June 2022; Accepted 12 September 2022	0
Section III presents the results of the descriptive statistics of the data.	0
A model to assess the relationship between the number of citations and each of the key characteristics as well as altmetric scores was developed.	3
Both authors participated in all the steps of the paper, including the conception of the study, the methodology design, the analysis and the writing.	0
In total, the articles in our data set cover 30,159,925 articles and reviews published between 2000 and 2017; 383,306 of which are published in the seven megajournals analyzed.	2
Trend topics analysis was used to determine the trends of the articles within the conceptual structure.	3
History is the leading category with 147,026 book reviews published, followed by Humanities Multidisciplinary (68,162), Religion (55,404), Information Science & Library Science (52,097), and Political Science (32,675).	4
We claim that the essence of citation is interaction between different ideas or perspectives on a phenomenon that is addressed in the citing and cited articles.	5
Our first conclusion is that SRs with the highest levels of methodological quality were produced by collaborative networks wherein authors with medium-high levels of scientific expertise but little productivity in this area belonged to very modular collaborative environments; furthermore, these environments were weakly connected and dominated by institutions from the UK, USA, or Canada.	5
This method is based on the idea that, after eliminating the percentages of ‘silent' researchers, the distribution of bibliometric parameters of the different academic fields can be superimposed and collapse into a unique master curve by a single scaling parameter.	3
We collected the research output of 17 countries among which 10 are considered growing countries (noted in italic) and 7 are considered as established from different regions in the world (see Table 2).	2
Approached from the point of view of the University of Huddersfield Press, this article also draws on discussions and experiences of other NUPs from community-led forums and events.	1
Most (recent) Elsevier publications have an article history detailing when an article was received by the journal.	3
The authors a3 and a4 are level at 2.167.	4
The responses portrayed impact as a (generally) positive effect that contributes to change in the daily life of human kind.	4
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald- srm:380143 []	0
Secondly, all funding sources that appear in these fields (regardless of their country of origin) were classified as belonging to the public or private sectors,1 thanks to the information provided on web pages.	3
Methods: Studying the respective literature as well as discussing this topic in various discussion groups and meetings (primarily of editors and publishers, but also of authors and readers), with long term experience as editors and/or publishers of scientific publications as prerequisite.	2
Remarkably, 42.2% of the students did not follow research or teaching activities (Table 2).	4
To build the corpus, we will use at first a very simple request, namely, looking for “calmodulin” in the title of publications.	2
How has the volume of COVID-19 related research papers published on LIS journal changed over time?	1
This would seem to indicate that while publishers to some extent take the quality into account when pricing their journals, authors are even more sensitive to the relationship between price and quality in their choices of where to submit their manuscripts.	5
Evaluating the impact of papers, researchers and venues objectively is of great significance to academia and beyond.	1
The initial specification for data collection and decisions on which data elements would be collected was therefore based on an agreement between Jisc Collections, Stephen Pinfield, and the consultants Information Power Ltd who carried out the actual data collection in Spring 2014.	3
The next step in comparing the two-exponent law with the chosen alternatives involves testing goodness of fit.	3
X-centage is a statistical indicator characterizing distributions of percentage-valued variables in a vein similar to Hirsch's h-index.	1
Journals are sorted in alphabetical order with respect to the journal acronym	0
The primary dataset of this study, compiled on 25th November 2015, contains information on 4982 VoxEU columns published between 1st March 2007 and 23rd November 2015, written by a total of 4245 authors.	2
Indeed, as observed from table 4, there are two factors which explain the lower impact of gold OA in Spain.	5
Four located the category by simply scrolling down the page; two by choosing “General” from the table, which brought the participant to a part of the alphabetical list that is near “History”; and one by choosing “Government,” which similarly brought the participant close to the link to the History section.	0
Among the three dimensions (i.e., variety, balance, and disparity) of interdisciplinarity, variety exhibits the most pronounced positive impact on political attention.	4
Subsequently, the number of highly cited studies per 2-month period published by China declined (decreasing from 179.7 studies in November to December 2020 to 40.7 studies in September to October 2022), and the UK produced the second largest number of such studies in May to June 2021 (171.3 studies).	4
We adopt a series of multivariate analyses, Bayes' theorem, statistical analysis, and “before and after” matched-group studies to illustrate the acknowledgement patterns in 6323 research articles of 196 Nobel Prize laureates (NPL) from 2008 to 2018.	2
To learn more about researchers working in Portuguese institutions, we constructed a data set based on the REBIDES database.	2
We thank the anonymous reviewers for their constructive comments on the initial version of our article.	0
Using mixed methods, including social network analysis, we analyzed longitudinal data collected from a North American digital government research group whose members gather across disciplinary, organizational, and geographical boundaries.	3
In the third setting, we analyze the career histories of 20,040 scientists by combining publication and citation datasets from the Web of Science and Google Scholar.	2
Surgeons with doctorates had the highest median values in all domains, but differences were not significant compared with surgeons with master's degrees.	4
Research on social tagging appears to focus mainly on the following three aspects: (a) components and functions of social tagging (e.g., tags, tagging objects, and tagging network), (b) taggers' behaviors and interface design, and (c) tags' organization and usage in social tagging.	4
The Spearman rank correlation coefficients between peer rating and P/FTE, MNCS, PPTOP10 were 0.215, 0.067, and 0.065, respectively.	4
Additionally, all content in these additional platforms is populated using the Scopus database, and no full-text downloads are available, as they are in the IR.	2
This research is funded by National Social Science Foundation of China (Project No.	0
When we do control for cohort, the distribution of researchers across the top 50 US departments is best explained by total citations, which emphasizes neither depth nor breadth.	5
With this aim, we surveyed Spanish researchers in Health Sciences.	1
The main goal of this article is to get more insight into the validity and desirability of the systems for rankings of book publishers in different countries, to bring information together in an integrated way, and to provide additional empirical insights from Lithuanian practices.	1
It includes centrality analysis, community detection, and clustering coefficient.	3
Indeed, nearly 60 % of the papers in the Big Data domain under the final HUANG search are comprised of conference papers and proceedings.	4
We conducted several queries via the advanced search option in NIH Reporter to ascertain all career development award information by utilizing these search terms: Fiscal Year included all years between 2013 and 2022, department type of "PSYCHIATRY," and application ID included an "01" grant year and separately included these grant mechanisms: "K01,” “K08,” “K23,” “K25,” and “K99."	2
We selected Annals of Mathematics to represent a well-recognized long-term value.	2
Yet, all things being equal, collaboration, in and of itself, does not increase the likelihood of producing flawed or fraudulent research, at least in the form of retraction.	4
Then, based on Altmetrics Explorer platform of https://www.altmetric.com/, this article takes ISSN of 205 journals as the search and filter items, and the Publication Date is set to: 1 January 2017 to 8 July 2021, and Retrieval time is 8 July 2021.	2
Author affiliations: Luddy School of Informatics, Computing, and Engineering, Indiana University, Bloomington, IN 47408	0
North America's relative share as a source of knowledge for Finnish researchers declines by about 28% from 47% in 1995 to 34% in 2010.	4
Analysis of a random sample of papers evaluated using bibliometric indicators and peer review reveals that bibliometric evaluation proves to be more favourable to women than peer review evaluation.	4
The data was analyzed for total research productivity, citations, and scientific output in terms of journals, countries, institutions, and authors.	3
1 Proportion of female neurosurgical residents in the USA [10] and Germany	0
Our analysis was conducted on 3631 articles from PubMed and 1528 from Scopus (Fig.	2
H2a: Scientific papers self-cited by the inventor/applicant are the best measure of linkage between science and technology.	1
Themes for articles with the most altmetrics attention included social media or social networking; three such articles were written as tips or guides.	4
Cited references from five discipline-specific source journals were collected and analyzed for publication type and age.	2
The most highly cited publications entitled Clinical, laboratory and imaging features of COVID-19: A systematic review and meta-analysis by Rodriguez-Morales et al.	4
We compare policies aimed at promoting excellence in four countries (the UK, Germany, Denmark, and Switzerland), using secondary sources and fourteen expert interviews.	1
Finally, the share of uncited publications by quartiles journals was evaluated.	3
On net, the benefits of expertise weakly dominate the costs of bias.	5
The Xmin value is the highest probability point in the distribution where the power-law begins.	0
We used t-testing to compare numerical values and used linear regression models to check for associations between journal quality and both fees and turnaround times.	3
The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: We discuss the related work for traditional approaches in the MPA section.	0
Analyzing 90,000 publications by 2500 faculty members in over 100 academic institutions from three multidisciplinary areas, information, public policy, and neuroscience, we investigated the connection between multidisciplinarity and research collaborations.	2
To reach the aims of this study, the following research questions are addressed: 1.	1
School of Political Science and Public Administration, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430072, China	0
The exploration of individual and organisational scholarly collaboration patterns of Iranian researchers can show the strengths and weaknesses of scholarly communication systems in Iran.	0
The position of the United Kingdom and Latin America is the most intriguing.	4
The sample includes 886 scientists from four of science's main disciplinary sectors, employs different metrics approaches, and covers an observation period beginning in 2002 and ending in 2014.	2
The Covid-19 map presents a considerably higher number of country names compared to maps of the SARS and MERS literatures.	4
Face-to-face interviews were scheduled at a convenient time and place for the participants.	0
Each word gets a score which is the ratio of the word degree to the word frequency.	0
The period 2013–2019 was chosen for this study (the first volume of IEEE Access was launched in 2013; bibliographic data of records published in 2020 from Scopus and WoSCC were downloaded to check whether the missing records existed in the year 2020 collection).	2
(2) To determine the prolific authors, sources, countries, organizations and funding agencies.	1
Several publication data sources were utilized, specifically the Web of Science (WoS), Journal Citation Reports (JCR), and PubMed databases, each of which offer information associated with the peer-reviewed literature.	2
This article explores the extent to which formal research collaboration has risen in the fields of social sciences by investigating the rises in the share of co-authorship and number of authors in the disciplines of the social sciences.	1
The study aims to identify and categorize the barriers to research productivity among business faculty in India, as well as offer practical insights and a way forward.	1
Both the inflow and outflow of knowledge k account for an equal share of the weight in Equation (2).	0
Correlation coefficients of r-index, m-index, g-index and i10-index with h-index were 0.913 (p < 0.001), 0.716 (p < 0.001), 0.961 (p < 0.001) and 0.939 (p < 0.001), respectively.	4
To evaluate the frequency and reason for retraction of ophthalmology publications.	1
The search was covered the years between 1982–2022.	2
For a more detailed explanation of clustering algorithms in general, see Palla et al (2005).	0
This paper addresses the conceptual issues underlying authorship, with an eye to ameliorating authorship practices.	1
In this paper I have argued that the common practice of mathematical journals of using just one referee is justified when we consider peer review as a test of proof validity.	5
The examples include seven randomly selected abstracts and in the last row an example of misclassification of aquaculture research and the crossbreeding between different disciplines and research subjects.	0
Our study's extensive analysis of academic publications reveals why using citation-based metrics as measures of impact is wrong at the core: First, not all citations are equal; there is a big difference between a study that cites a paper that greatly influenced it and a study that cites multiple papers with only minor connections.	5
Given the underexplored frontiers of pain research, there is a need to engage in rigorous research in this field to enhance the contribution of the African continent ("the African Voice") to worldwide advances in this respect.	5
Canadian Association of Emergency Medicine (CAEP) Conference 2015 (May 30-June 3) in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (L005 and MP09)	0
Catriona Byers digitized and remotely delivered archival records during the travel restrictions of the Covid-19 pandemic, and some interviewees shared uncatalogued materials, as well as further recollections and qualifications by email ahead of publication.	0
At the time of data collection, out of total 444 indexed journals 340 journals had active status, 79 journals non-active status, 3 journals had a new journal status, 19 journals stopped publishing, and 3 journals were suspended.	4
The focus here is on the effect of in-text frequency-weighted citation counting on the ranking of authors rather than publications.	1
If the findings in this study hold up at other institutions, this would suggest that from the starting line, women—especially those in the natural/biological and engineering/physical sciences-may be given fewer opportunities to publish during graduate school or perhaps are less well positioned or inclined to pursue such opportunities.	5
A brief analysis of the journal's recent performance indicates that the journal articles appear to have a high rate of downloads around the world.	1
This study was conducted in order to map European research in chronic respiratory diseases (CRDs).	1
Nevertheless the overall positive impact trend for Top Gold Open Access journals should encourage scientists to publish their findings there whenever an appropriate title is available in their research field.	5
The most prestigious mathematical awarding organizations included the American Mathematical Society (AMS), International Mathematical Union (IMU), London Mathematical Society (LMS), and Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, which were employed as benchmarks in our analysis.	2
From 415 randomized controlled trials in pediatric critical care, we identified 2,176 trialists from 377 centers in 43 countries.	4
Consequently, this study aimed at providing an in-depth analysis of the publication performance of institutions within the University of Belgrade.	5
We conduct an extensive statistical analysis of the citation information within six popular bibliographic databases.	5
88.6% of young adults in Spain have learned to search for information on the internet on their own, mainly through teaching themselves, followed by instruction based on asking family and friends (14.9%).	4
The Kano diagram results did not support his citation metrics beyond other clusters and individuals in IRAs.	4
The author search functionality provides another mechanism for identifying potential publication venues by allowing the user to quickly view the scholarly journals in which colleagues working in similar areas of interest and research have published.	3
Evaluating scientific articles has always been a challenging task, made even more difficult by the constantly evolving citation networks.	1
We conducted a retrospective cohort study covering a 10-year period in a single tertiary university hospital in Paris, France.	2
We demonstrate that network analysis of large public databases can identify and quantify investigator and institutional relationships in drug discovery and development.	5
The analysis results of this study are represented in the following graphs and tables.	0
However, there are slight differences in the results across analyses of the four indicators, and the indicators illustrate different levels of variance.	4
Table 2 Characteristics of contributors depending on position in the maps	0
This hybridization is based on the individual H_index (Hi_index) and H_index contemporary (Hc_index) weighted by qualitative factors.	3
We also show that the number of citations a paper receives is an extremely error-prone measure of scientific merit.	4
In practice, these are technical problems of disaggregation which can be solved.	0
The results show that the consistency scores of vis_length are all above 0.9 for visiting scholars and postdoctoral researchers; thus, vis_length is considered a necessary condition.	4
The majority of these articles (n = 29) presented findings supported by level IV or V evidence.	4
PLOS: Public Library of Science; WoS: Web of Science; DOI: digital object identifier.	0
11) manifests the importance of endowing a cumulative process to develop resistant and resilient capabilities to shield public health and well-being in times of infectious disease outbreaks.	5
The issue of exactly what makes an effective Chair, and why in particular a person's citations are an influential statistical signal, remains to be fully understood.	5
The research performance of a small group of 49 young scholars, such as doctoral students, postdoctoral and junior researchers, working in different technical and scientific fields, was evaluated based on 11 types of research outputs.	1
Following this research, we identified five principles for better peer review: Content Integrity, Content Ethics, Fairness, Usefulness, and Timeliness.	4
Research quality, as indicated by the 2014 impact factor and citations among articles in Google Scholar are on the rise and is comparable to many core journals in finance and economics.	4
We present the classification of each of the 4271 authors according to these profile types	0
RoS is a newly publicly available dataset that records patent front-page and in-text references to scientific papers of Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) (Sinha et al., 2015) and this dataset provides each citation with a confidence score (CSE{1, 10}) for its reliability.	2
The focus of this study, however, is on the contributions of governance models to research effectiveness defined in terms of quantity of scientific production, not necessarily efficiency.	1
We can conclude that, as seen for the level of UDAs, performance distribution at field level is substantially heterogeneous.	4
Our findings confirm that mobility has a strong impact on their international scientific collaboration.	4
In all cases, the obtained values were high, indicating a good fit of the specified model, with model 3 being the highest of them with 0.84 for sociology and political science and 0.83 in the case of economics.	0
Firstly, by comparing six countries, we find variations in the trends in how they transit to OA publishing.	5
The invitation to participate in the survey was first sent by mail, asking the respondent to print the survey, fill it in and leave it in a special box at the main office of their institutions in 2012 to ensure full anonymity.	3
For purposes of analysis, different tools were employed in the investigation, namely an extrinsic plagiarism detection system, specifically CopyCatch Gold v2 (Woolls, 2002), and language-based approaches, either form-only-based or integrated.	3
To this end, we used additional datasets to calculate three indicators probing the clinical relevance of the works.	0
A good example is Florida State University, which, in the first time slice at the left of the graph, has a high percentage of keyword occurrences.	0
We develop and propose a new counting method at the aggregate level for contributions to scientific publications called modified fractional counting (MFC).	1
Therefore, SM is undergoing a process of maturation and consolidation.	5
The author characteristic index (termed c-index) assigns author rank for each publication based upon author position.	3
We were able to determine that 498 potential participants visited the Web cover page, 315 advanced to the survey page, and 223 completed the survey.	0
The volume of Online mentions obtained is inferior to the number of citations and Reads by an order of magnitude.	4
1): the time of debut (x-axis) and current share of publications in academia (y-axis), with latecomers defined as countries whose debuts were after the 1960s, out of the 40 nations that contribute 90% of world HEP publications.	3
For each researcher working in a Swiss university or research institution who has obtained at least one grant in these disciplines and this period, we record how much funding was secured and how many years the person was eligible for funding.	2
This study applies the powerful network-based clustering method proposed by Girvan and Newman (2002) to divide a network into subnetworks; this method is called edge-betweenness clustering because it achieves its goal by continually excluding the links with the highest edge-betweenness.	3
We are not aware of any conflicts of interest relevant to this paper.	0
Our findings clearly indicate that academics in hard disciplines exhibit higher research productivity and citation rates, but both hard and soft disciplines demonstrate comparable quality of research in terms of targeted journal quartiles.	5
The unbalanced international scientific collaboration as cause of misleading information on the country's contribution to the scientific world output was analyzed.	1
All document types are included in the Cited data, but it was limited to cited publications with a ten-year moving window—including only cited articles that are at most 10 years older than the citing publication.	2
Section 3 continues with a description of the analytical framework and the case studies of this paper.	0
What are the factors that make Arab authors select a specific publishing outlet?	1
The Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research (JSCR) together with the Journal of Sports Sciences (JSS) and the British Journal of Sports Medicine (BJSM) are the journals with the highest amount of citations in the collection (TLCS), receiving 143, 80 and 75 citations respectively.	4
To compute the proposed measures, we downloaded bibliometric information from Web of science (WoS).	2
We chose Google Scholar over alternative bibliometric databases, such as Web of Science and Scopus, because it offers greater coverage of IS-relevant journals (Clarke, 2007) and because it better reflects the efforts and variety of practice-based research (Rosemann & Vessey, 2008), given that it also includes citations from publications in conferences, books, magazines, software, and patents.	2
We build a gold standard by collecting papers from the two sources of recommended reading lists.	2
Academic dermatologists employed as full-time faculty at Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education (ACGME)-accredited dermatology residency programs were included.	2
Those measures are combined using factor analysis to create a ranking of Nobel Prize-winning economists.	1
systems which classify articles algorithmically on the basis of direct citations).	5
This study can also be useful to provide a methodology for other librarians wanting to study the characteristics of their faculty research output in any subject area	5
The references cited in the citing papers were analyzed with regard to the frequencies of the reference publication years using CRExplorer (https://crexplorer.net; Thor et al., 2016a, 2016b; Thor et al., 2018a, 2018b).	3
Focusing on the publications rather than authors (in co-authorship analysis), the frequency of intra- and inter-departmental, intuitional and national collaborations of each publication's authors was recorded.	2
Three hundred and fourteen papers (63%) out of 496 were above the expected median PRI.	4
Of the remaining 966 publishers, we found a total of 11,873 published journals.	2
The current Press model for this mapping activity uses the Research Excellence Framework (REF2021, method of assessing research and awarding funding in the UK) units of assessment (UoAs) [8], as this framework is how research activities are being mapped across the University.	2
The study conducted a PCA in order to categorize all the A&I databases considered.	3
We also find that high topic connectivity augmented by robust social connectivity among authors or authoring teams further enhances econometric ideas' diffusion success.	4
We acknowledge that due to the limited sample size, statistics and demographics in this study, findings cannot be said to be representative of the entire academic population worldwide.	5
The average time between the publication of the editorials and their retraction is 2.48 years, and two editorials were retracted with the longest durations; both were written by the same author.	4
Is there any difference in the citation rates of articles among subject areas?	1
The date range was restricted to January 2010 to December 2019 and only publications in English were included.	2
My suggestion is to model the scientific paper as an argument, in which the author attempts to establish a conclusion, that will be her main claim, and that is supported by premises, some of which are results of the author's own observations, experiments, etc., and some are taken from other pre-existing papers, i.e., some of your premises will be the conclusions of other authors' papers.	3
In this research, three mapping approaches were developed: co-occurrence analysis, co-citation analysis, and geospatial analysis.	3
In other words, across the four panels of Figure 4, p increases along the horizontal axis and q increases along the vertical axis.	0
We thank Dirk Helbing for his support, Marius Beceanu for fruitful discussions, and Marc Barthélémy for his useful comments.	0
The difference is crucial: an erroneous law is much more likely to be exposed if it takes a quantified form than if it is expressed as a vague descriptive statement; thus if verified, we have more reason to be confident in the quantified version – it has passed a tougher test.	0
Generally speaking, the results of the present study showed that the percentage of OA papers published in the APCJ is smaller than that of non-OA papers, so that the highest OA share did not exceed a minor portion of the total contributions in the journals (3.29%, see table 2).	5
Twitter Follow Elizabeth Moylan at @latwec and Maria Kowalczuk at @Maria_ Kowalczuk	0
We chose the KeyWords Plus field in which the keywords are automatically selected from the titles of a paper's references (Garfield, 1990).	2
We conclude that the QHC measure is in most cases adequate to discern the sizes of ASEBDs.	5
The Canadian research community will not be well served should the OA policies of funding agencies result in an overall weakening of Canadian journals and the scholarly associations that they support.	5
This provides a type of qualification in the idea that there is much deeper background behind mathematics, where analogy and representation and expression are the fertile ground on which the later subjects are built.	0
Which authors, institutions and regions make up the core of the CHL field?	1
frugiperda status across the globe and India " are Web of Science, Scopus, Dimensions, and Google Scholar.	2
First, a MANOVA test revealed that there are some differences in the means of journal scores across the five different survey versions (Wilks' Lambda = 0.666, p < 0.001).	3
However, there is no information on the development of Africa-related IRC research, the geographical location of the scientists interested in the topic, the visibility of the literature and the themes researched.	1
The findings suggest that the time-dependent citation features are more important than the static features, and citation peak features are more significant than the citation features in identifying potentially excellent papers.	4
Three centrality attributes were used to identify critical authors in the network: degree centrality, closeness centrality and betweenness centrality.	3
To examine research trends of highly cited studies by conducting a bibliometric analysis of highly cited studies in the previous 2 months about COVID-19.	1
It is seen that this measure is independent of Pearson's correlation (Seglen 1997) and gives a more quantitative refinement of the Type I and Type II classification of Smith (Financ Manag 133–149, 2004).	5
We would also like to thank Juan Miguel Campanario for his suggestions on the manuscript.	0
We express our gratitude to two anonymous referees for their comments, which have enabled us to considerably improve our work.	0
The obtained results based on a significant correlation Y = f (X7 X6) indicate that the greatest influence on the size of GDP per capita has GII, i.e.	5
The 2,516 journal article citations came from 464 unique journal titles.	2
Using the Thomson Reuters' Web of Science, we downloaded bibliographical data of all the 11,156 articles and reviews published in the eight core journals in neurosurgery during 2012-14.	2
In the observation study, the top three regions hit severely by COVID-19 were Hong Kong, Shanghai, and Hubei, with IPcase indices of 1744, 723, and 698, respectively, and the top three areas with the most aberrant patterns were Yunnan, Sichuan, and Tianjin, with IP days of 5, 51, and 119, respectively.	4
The staff mix reveals discord and lack of agreement amongst Zimbabwe's public universities as to which rank of library staff should manage and maintain the IR.	5
Foi possível observar, com base nos dados obtidos na plataforma Lattes, que o tempo médio de forma??o em doutorado dos pesquisadores que atuam em Quimiometria é de 16 anos, com mediana obtendo o mesmo período.	4
The analysis presented here is based on 63 recorded interviews and 10 focus group discussions, adding up to 91 interviewed researchers.	2
It also proves that the greater number of cited publications in a citation structure causes the social impact to be divided among all of the cited publications.	4
This article is based on a 2011 academic reading study conducted at six higher learning institutions in the United Kingdom.	2
Our analysis is restricted to articles and reviews published in the period 1999–2013 by authors affiliated to a Portuguese institution, within the subject areas of economics, econometrics and finance.	2
Therefore, κrest can also be regarded as an indicator of the journal’s consistency, and when ranking journals, both JIF and these κ should be considered.	5
This significant internal variability of performance in single institutions is likely not only a phenomenon of the Italian academic system, but more broadly of the majority of non-competitive higher education systems, determining the absence of any universities with a critical mass of excellence sufficient to aspire to the ranks of “elite” universities.	5
Herein, we examine the h-indices of pediatric dermatologists in relation to various demographic factors.	1
What we can see in the profiles in Tables 11, 12, 13, and 14 are three different acknowledgment arrays.	5
It shows that the academic capital of the authors and the intellectual resources of their research are key factors of these destinies, as are the social relations between the authors concerned.	4
We study grantees of a double-blinded funding scheme targeting risky, novel research: The Villum Experiment (VE).	1
From the perspective of CD, the interdisciplinarity of scientific papers shows a positive impact on the durability of citation diffusion.	4
The top three active journals are Neuroimage, Radiology and IEEE T Med Imaging.	4
There was a strong correlation between the GDP of the different countries and their publication numbers (r = 0.811, P < 0.001).	4
For data collection, we have used the “Advanced Search" option in the Scopus webpage (for detail, please go through www.scopus.com) to explore the literature on open access.	3
Government funding focused primarily on applications in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries.	4
With the above caveats noted, I sought to compare the amount of experimental information presented in biology papers published in Cell, Nature (biology only), and The Journal of Cell Biology (JCB, operated by editors from the scientific community) from the first 6 mo of 1984 and of 2014.	2
If the value is >0.3, it is an indication that the cluster structure is significant.	0
The database at our disposal covers 25 years of scientific papers, from 1985 to 2009, we group them in 5-year-long overlapping intervals, from 1985-1989 up to 2005-2009, for a total of 21 time windows.	2
Analysis was performed with GraphPad Prism 8 software (San Diego, CA).	0
Sci-Hub is poised to fundamentally disrupt scholarly publishing.	5
Therefore, our proposed bibliometric measurement has its pros and cons.	5
Results: Despite their technical novelty, all of the VR sessions have been successfully conducted to the satisfaction of reviewers and agency organizers.	4
HCVDBegy availability opens the door for more drill down analysis for decision makers.	0
The survey was created and administered using Google Forms, distributed in Portugese but with questions and answers translated into English for the results analysis on behalf of the authors.	3
We also identify an inflection point in the subject-budget relationship curve.	4
The primary data source consisted of 468 Mexican researchers working abroad but recognized as members of the Mexican National Research System (SNI) since 2009.	2
Where and how was research cited, and what, in this case, did the citation of research indicate about research impacts?	1
Figure 3 Dot plot of the distribution of citations at various time points.	0
We believe that this study compensates for the gaps in the qualitative and quantitative analyses of Kirkman et al.	5
b Department of Mechanical Engineering, National Taiwan University, Roosevelt Road, No.	0
This shows that research in the field of hepatitis tends to be more collaborative.	0
In terms of data quality, ARWU has no areas of fundamental weakness.	4
We evaluate if the variance of centrality measures of partners of a scholar influence their productivity or performance.	1
We demonstrate the model by quantifying both live-biomass and anthropogenic carbon stocks and their potentials in Japan.	1
The study adopted a descriptive informetric approach to determine the status of Africa in the open access initiative in terms of the number of repositories, number of open access journals, and number of records deposited in the repositories as well as published in OA journals.	3
In total 469 articles were published by Journal of Periodontology, followed by 454 articles in Journal of Clinical Periodontology and 287 articles in Journal of Periodontal Research.	4
Our target population included any researcher currently working in a university or research institution in Japan.	2
3 VantagePoint is a knowledge mining software tool developed by Search Technology, Inc.	0
The VOSviewer results indicate that both the United States and England were the most vigorous countries with close collaboration.	4
Further analysis of URAP-TR results motivated a finer-grained ranking categorization based on four dimensions: foundation date, the availability of a medical school, public versus private status of the university, and the availability of a PhD program.	5
For the 14 occupational therapy/occupational science journals, a range of bibliometric data was sourced.	2
A nationwide survey was conducted among 427 respondents who travelled by train at least once a year to collect data on various demographic variables.	2
4 Nordic Institute for Studies in Innovation, Research and Education, Oslo, Norway	0
2 A P J Abdul Kalam Technological University, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala 695016, India	0
A series of statistical analyses are carried out on the basis of data from a sustainability science research center in Switzerland.	1
Thus, we first merged all WoS categories and performed a Principal Component Analysis (PCA) on the space spanned by the following metrics: Category Normalized Citation Impact (cnci), Total number of publications (pub), Total number of citations (CIT), ARWU-GRAS total score (arwu), PageRank score (pr), and H-index (hindex).	3
Despite the fact that the rate of authors' self-citation in ISC database is higher than WOS, the relationship between author self-citation and the journal's impact factor in this database was lower in comparison to Web of Science.	5
In our survey, responses from 7,056 scientists were collected for our data analysis.	2
The bibliometric tool SciMAT was employed to perform a science mapping analysis in order to detect and visualize the research themes and their evolution across three periods: 1951–1984, 1985–2000, and 2001–2013.	3
The correlation and regression results are consistent with, but do not prove, the idea that attracting highly cited team members to a research team would help to get the articles produced published in a higher impact journal.	5
In this paper, we propose a novel measure that improves BC by tackling its main weakness: two related articles may still cite different references.	1
Thus, this study investigated the research output in terms of publications and citations of Filipino adult and child neurologists in the country and the correlation of these bibliometrics to socioeconomic and healthcare indices in the Philippines.	1
Our study offers a scientometric analysis of JCF between 1994 and 2018.	5
More than two-thirds of the publications for the period of analysis engaged two or more authors.	4
A total of 17.8% of the students carried out research studies, while 1.5% published scientific articles.	4
For a review on the pros and cons of both approaches see, e.g., Frey and Rost (2010) and Breuer (2009).	0
The most productive country, the UK, produces five times as many publications per PPP$ million as the least productive country, Japan (2.8 and 0.5 publications, respectively).	4
Even though book reviews are lowly regarded, large shares of book reviews can still be witnessed in the social sciences especially in the arts and humanities.	5
The female share of JPR authorship has increased (albeit unevenly) for the whole period, from below 10% in the 1980s to around about 20% during the 1990s, and was in 2008 edging toward 40%.	4
The crossed presence of academics in different boards is a phenomenon called interlocking editorship and is considered a proxy of the similarity of editorial policies (Teixeira and Oliveira 2018).	0
In total, 1369 studies published between 1986 and 2021 were assessed bibliometrically.	2
This paper delineates the scientific mobility of the highly educated young Greek researchers.	1
They do not compromise the ability of Google Scholar to identify the highly-cited papers.	5
This study reviewed retractions stored in PubMed on the subject of radiology-imaging diagnosis to identify the motivation, time from publication to retraction, and citations before and after retraction.	1
Our main result is that ANVUR classification offers on average a reliable proxy for the quality of journals, as measured by journal indicators and by the assessments of independent experts evaluating individual articles published in those journals.	5
Most research is funded by international donors with relatively low levels of domestic public or private sector investment.	5
Similarly, many of the flaws of citation analysis are also true for the use of CPCR to evaluate collections.	5
These are contrasted with ten highly-cited papers from Technovation.	2
Investigating the performance of countries based on the productivity and centrality measures.	1
Therefore, the purpose of this study is to understand and interpret the faculty members' perspectives on the co-authorship experiences and to explain why co-authorship is at a low level among faculty members in Iran unlike the growth of co-authorship in recent years.	1
Focus of nutrition research is mainly toward food technology and chemistry with lesser activity toward nutrition-related health research.	5
We analyzed all active grants for the 2018 Fiscal Year (Fig.	0
The reasons for retraction included duplicate publication (57.0%), plagiarism (8.8%), scientific error (4.4%), author dispute (3.5%), and other (5.3%); the reasons were unstated or unclear in 20.2%.	4
Given the trend over the last 35 years, it is likely that higher modes of collaboration will dominate the research environment of North American PhDs, as well as that of economists from all over the world over the next decades.	5
Auto-ethnographic method was also used, particularly my situated experiences in different periods as homeland based and overseas Filipino migration scholar, to provide qualitative contexts and details of the quantitative data.	3
In this study, we revealed some differences in the correlation between citing and cited journals in two distinct fields, namely geosciences and biomedical science.	5
Papers with subtitles were less likely to be rejected by editors both pre- and post-peer review, although both effects were small and the presence of subtitles in published papers was not predictive of citations.	4
Institutions and academic journals should consider providing training sessions or workshops to editors, reviewers, and authors to increase awareness of ethical standards and best practices in peer review.	5
the skewness, the Gini coefficient, and, the percentage of CI contributing 50% or 90% of the journal's citations.	2
Online student engagement is identified as the most influential factor, with path coefficients ranging from 0.742 to 0.934 and related t-statistics significantly beyond the critical threshold.	4
Scientific production is steadily growing, exhibiting 4% annual growth in publications and 1.8% annual growth in the number of references per publication, together producing a 12-year doubling period in the total supply of references, i.e.	4
Hence, the present study illustrates that Wroc?aw scientists managed to gain back scientific strength in social sciences.	5
Our goal is to determine if a correlation exists between these traditional and nontraditional metrics, and whether or not this correlation has changed between the years 2013 and 2016 to reflect the rise in popularity of electronic media.	1
To group the different approaches to the evaluation of scholarly books.	1
In this study, we analyzed >120 million papers to examine how the academic publishing world has evolved over the last century, with a deeper look into the specific field of biology.	1
The objective of this paper is to provide a long-term assessment on the research productivity of accounting and finance departments in the UK.	1
The approach here is to break this discussion into discrete, named sections and subsections, and then refer readers to other sections as relevant.	3
Following extant studies, we adopt the whole counting of authored publications to measure the quantity of scientific production (Benavente et al., 2012; David, 1993; Defazio et al., 2009).	3
Data on Italian academics in the observed period are extracted from the official database maintained by the Italian Ministry of Education, Universities and Research (MIUR).	2
Thematic analysis was applied to transcripts, identifying nodes for common themes using Nvivo 12.	3
The procedure executes a FTS (Full-Text Search), which finds all words regardless of their order, excluding terms with a single character, and establishing a match threshold of 50% (i.e.	3
The dataset not only reports information on both award winners and submitted proposals that did not receive funding, but also reports the amount of funding allocated to each proposal.	2
Nevertheless, over half of all works remain uncited, probably due to the limited readership of the journals selected for publication.	4
For this reason the design of a flexible and adaptable classification model for categorizing scientific literature is held to be an essential matter.	0
By exploring the current development of the seafood cold chain logistics field, we strengthen the research gaps in the literature and propose future research directions.	1
The present study uses a bibliographic database of scientific literature, a patent database, and a linking procedure that allows identification of the publication records in bibliographic database records that correspond to the cited references in the patent database.	2
For dynamic data visualization, R provides a package that is called Shiny, which makes it easy to build interactive web applications straight from R.	3
276 surveys were completed, yielding a response rate of just over 27%.	2
As Figure 2 shows, the data sources contributed mostly unique instances with only a small degree of overlap between them, with the exceptions of the OAD and the eight journals that had been encountered during earlier studies, which were not detected by any other method.	3
Grey literature is archived more at European and North American repositories compared to rest of the world.	4
9b), the prediction accuracy increased significantly (9.45%) and the F1-score grew to 0.938 (5%).	4
I am grateful to members of the Faculty of Education at the University of Hong Kong for stimulating discussions on how to measure the impact of research output, to six experts who commented on Figure 2, and to Li Dongyu for assistance with the data analysis.	0
From the Social Sciences Edition of the Journal Citation Report (JCR) (see Institute for Scientific Information 2010, 2011), we collected the number of articles published by each journal in 2009 and 2010, which we averaged to create the variable Volume.	2
Received July 9, 2014; revised October 15, 2014; accepted October 16, 2014	0
The histogram clearly shows this in Figure Al in the Appendix.	0
In addition, the influence of research results is enhanced by the participation of women.	5
We detect cheating in part using a “honey pot” website.	3
The average number of authors per article was 4.2 ± 1.8.	4
The American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) reports on key research in their annual Report, ASCO Clinical Cancer Advances (58 articles from 2009 to 2013).	2
The contribution of South Asian studies to global research output on diabetes mellitus during the past decade is 2.1%.	5
Although in all 20 areas there is a tendency for collaborative research to be more highly cited, there are considerable differences between disciplines in the results.	4
By using the author's twenty-six English papers published during 2014 and 2019, this case study probes the accuracy of funding information in Scopus and shows that the accuracy of funding information collected by Web of Science is better than that of Scopus.	1
Articles, editorials, book chapters, short studies, books, reviews, and conference articles on any clinical form of leishmaniasis were retrieved from the database, as well as entomological studies addressing the relationship between the vector and transmission, dissemination or interaction with the Leishmania parasite.	2
The study participants are employees (researchers and teachers) at a medical university in Sweden who participated in web-based employee surveys in 2009 and 2011.	2
We further shed light on the behavior of these trajectories and unfold many interesting facets by asking fundamental questions—which trajectory is more successful, how significant and stable are these categories, what factors trigger the rise and fall of trajectories?	1
Second, in a well-defined research context, review papers introduce bias in citation-based clustering analysis because the specific high citation pattern in review papers obfuscates the grouping process.	4
The Comment in Nature remains at the level of pairwise correlations.	0
In the 1930s the mathematical physicist Howard P.	1
With the purpose of extracting data of different patterns of researcher' mobility we used World of Research 2015.	2
Of the 178 citing papers for Bagley, eighty-two of them—or 46%—are driven by original empirical analysis.	4
Library is the most prominent research training area among the faculty at L-Schools (44%) followed by Information (28%).	4
Based on the Ordinary Least Squares method, we can say that from 1971 until 2012, there is an average growth of +0.40 authors in every decade, as given by the linear approximation depicted in Fig.	3
After an initial scan of all predatory publishers and journals included in the so-called Beall's list, a sample of 613 journals was constructed using a stratified sampling method from the total of over 11,000 journals identified.	2
We demonstrate that the disparity between the number of mathematics Ph.D.s awarded and the number of DG faculty positions filled has grown over time.	4
The first theme is a broad commitment to community building as part	0
We also consider whether hiring patterns of subfields and mathematicians' interest in subfields reflect subfields of featured review or highly cited articles.	1
To further minimize the subjectivity in the expert judgments, a sensitivity analysis is performed on FAHP results (Chang et al.	3
All authors declared there was no other potential commercial, professional, or other conflicts of interest relevant to this article.	0
Ratios of active researchers in terms of publications has been proposed as a simple research activity metric for young universities that are building up their research activity.	5
Our model was a good fit; both TrendMD driven pageviews and organic pageviews predicted 46% of the variation in Mendeley saves.	4
This understanding benefits both subject librarians and those working directly with IRs or other scholarly publishing initiatives to facilitate collaboration with these departments.	5
The dataset of Italian professors active in the hard sciences over the period 2004-2008 is extracted from an official database maintained by the Ministry of Universities and Research (http://cercauniversita.cineca.it/php5/docenti/cerca.php).	2
The research activity in water quality increased in India after adopting National Water Policy in 2002; the RAI in Indian water quality research reached 1.6 during 2001–2015 indicating a much higher activity than the world average.	5
The articles were identified through the EVS Repository and Google Scholar using the search term “European Values Study."	2
Notably, all time-dependent indicators were found to have high importance rankings.	4
We assembled a corpus of published material (including editorials, thought pieces, blogs, media stories, press releases, and journal articles) that related to the research question, representing a range of topics and perspectives.	2
We have limited our empirical study to the changing relationship between government and science in the Netherlands.	2
Primary research (N = 1624/2177) predominated, followed by case reports (N = 434/2,177).	4
The second analysis benchmarks Australian universities with each other using all 11 indicators.	3
National Research Council of Italy and Laboratory for Studies of Research and Technology Transfer, Dipartimento di Ingegneria dell'Impresa, Universitá degli Studi di Roma Tor Vergata, Via del Politecnico 1, 00133 Rome, Italy.	0
The fact that the IF defines a non-stable ordering in the case of mathematics can be explained by several reasons.	4
For this analysis, we randomly sampled 2,000 articles published in biomedicine fields in 2010, and evaluated their citation impact as of 2020 (10 years after publication).	2
MEDLINE is perhaps the most widely used database for the biomedical research literature, curated and maintained by the US National Library of Medicine (NLM).	2
Bibliometric analysis is a method used to evaluate publication trends and patterns in a given scientific field.	3
We also showed that differences in career partly are an effect of gender bias.	5
We formulate the following research questions based on the above mentioned: Which kind of correlations exist among population, expenditure in research, investment in tertiary education, researchers, and scientific production and citations in all countries?	1
Factor analysis results are directly visualized using Pajek as a bipartite network of authors and factors (specialties) linked to each other according to authors' loadings on the factors, where only loadings that are 0.3 or higher are considered in order to focus on substantial relationships.	3
All network measures exhibit an inverted-U shaped curve in their relationship with the number of papers, suggesting that although a higher centrality or cliquishness has a positive impact on publications, higher values for these network indicators are eventually accompanied by a declining number of papers.	4
We found that the relative citation rate of the set of UCT health sciences publications has increased; the set of 1999-2001 publications was less frequently cited than expected for the journals in which the publications appear, while the 2006-2008 and 2013–2015 sets were cited more frequently than expected.	4
The uses of precision and relevance criteria were also implemented as additional evaluation tools.	3
In doing so, we hope to inspire more library and information science researchers to take up the handicap principle as a theory for their own work.	0
The search was performed in all database on the 10th of July 2019 and was not limited by type of publication or language.	3
(Gl?nzel et al., Scientometrics 44:427–439, 1999a, Gl?nzel et al., Scientometrics 46:431–441, 1999b, Gl?nzel, W., Thijs, B., & Huang, Y. (2021).	3
The "negative five" came up again in an interview with GH1 and resonated with the sentiment being expressed:	0
Performance analysis involves quantitative evaluation of the scholarly contributions of various research constituents (authors, institutions, and countries) of a scholarly discipline [24].	3
Furthermore, the median number of years of funding received by researchers involved in joint research projects was found to be about 1.5 times greater than that of researchers not involved in joint research projects, and the average amount of research funding received after 10 years is about 2–4 times more, suggesting that researchers with collaboration ties with other researchers in the early stages of their career tend to be more successful in the future.	4
Some potentially innovative research may be impeded by the intense competition among scientific researchers applying for financial support.	4
The importance given by reviewers to similar quantitative factors was distinctively different in two units of assessment (UoA) in which the evaluation criteria were the same, which highlights the internal inconsistency of the peer review evaluation.	4
In light of the findings of the current study, referencing accuracy and accessibility are two components of referencing quality that warrant further attention in mental health policy documents.	5
The result shows that the former is significantly higher than the latter (in a two-tailed and paired t-test, p < 0.0002), and the average ratio between them is 2.0217.	4
Then, three different approaches to delineate a field of knowledge were applied at three different levels of aggregation: subject category, publication level, and journal level.	3
To explore how connectivity shapes the success of idea diffusion as gauged by citation counts, we employ a hurdle count model.	3
In calculating costs, I assumed that all publication fees would be paid by the first author’s institution.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=isio20	0
The study of publications in a bibliometric analysis of science is divided into data recovery, pre-processing, network extraction, normalization, mapping and visualization analysis (Noyons et al., 1999; B?rner et al., 2003; Morris and Van der Veer Martens, 2008).	3
To identify these journals, we utilized reputable academic search engines such as Google Scholar, WoS (Web of Science), and Scopus [23].	2
The main aim of this study was to conduct a content-based citation analysis study for Turkish citations.	1
Property 7 is rather interesting because it implies that the significance of links emanating from a document that references a large number of other documents will be weakened if the SPLC algorithm is replaced by the SPGD or SPHD algorithm.	4
Figure created in Microsoft Excel, *Seven studies were categorized as “other designs”.	0
In this study, we address the question whether (and to what extent, respectively) altmetrics are related to the scientific quality of papers (as measured by peer assessments).	1
The ANOVA yielded a significant difference between professor rank and their total number of publications as F(2, 100)=40.859, p <0.001, η2=0.45.	4
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
We will identify the rank of author assessment parameters, which includes published papers, citations, No of years since 1st publication, citations in h-core, authors/paper, citations/paper, citations/year, h-index, g-index, hg-index, A-index, R-index, e-index, and f-index.	1
Also, please indicate if you have ever published in a journal by checking the appropriate slot.	0
Across the disciplines, several private funding sources were common to all four, including the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, the Kellogg Foundation, the March of Dimes, and the Kaiser Foundation.	0
After ANOVA, Tukey's HSD Post-hoc test was also performed, when the null hypothesis in ANOVA was rejected, to determine which of the studied groups (i.e., medical schools) differ significantly (Hsu 1996).	3
The first purpose of this study was to identify the major domestic science education programs based upon recognized research journals.	1
Taken together, the results of Tables 6 and 7 suggest that diverse teams are less likely to see their proposals awarded funding than non-diverse teams.	4
The aim of the study was to identify changes in the patterns in authorship and origin of original research articles in relation to countries' income level in the field of public health in 2016 in comparison to previous studies.	1
This for-profit business model is a major obstacle to the OA development process.	5
Random links were excluded by eliminating links whose weight is 1.	0
Of the 70 unique entities that appear in the list of universities and research-focused institutions, CSIR emerges with the highest framework score.	4
Significant differences existed in the mean hg-index across academic ranks (F = 466.01; p < 0.001).	4
The data used in this paper is from WoS and ESI database.	2
Of the 84 alumni who have completed clinical training and are conducting research, 28 (33.3%) earned an advanced degree after completing their professional doctorate.	4
It refers to the cases of two disciplines: biology and history.	1
The shapes of the Mendeley readership count graphs are substantially different to the shapes of the citation count graphs.	4
The database Web of Science was searched on June 15, 2015 to retrieve the 300 most cited articles published in periodontology.	2
Unsurprisingly, outliers are most often multidisciplinary field: SS&H, political science, sociology, and to a certain extent the field of law.	5
We analyse the scientific production of the universe of Italian academic scholars, over a 10-year period across 2002–2012, from a national database built by the Italian National Agency for the Evaluation of Universities and Research Institutes.	1
Considering the extent of research activity as a proxy to a country's attitude and approach towards the Santalum album, we used the theoretical framework of bibliometric studies to understand the current status of Indian sandalwood research globally.	1
Impactstory does not produce an overall estimation of scholarly reputation like Research Gate but it does rate and rank individual publications.	4
Our proposed definition encompasses the four conceptual domains identified through the cluster analysis of the existing literature.	5
Therefore, a quantile-weighted method was used to set the board size weight.	3
Received 7 December 2023; Received in revised form 9 January 2024; Accepted 11 January 2024	0
The construction of our dataset relies heavily on the PubMed Related Citations Algorithm (PMRA), which groups scientific articles into subfields based on their intellectual content using abstract words, title words, and very detailed keywords drawn from a controlled vocabulary thesaurus curated by the National Library of Medicine.	3
The dependent variable was scientific performance/output, which had specific variable indicators and was measured in terms of the number of scientific publications (or articles in peer-reviewed journals), editorships in journals and book series, conferred doctoral degrees (or successful PhD dissertations), research prizes/awards and advisory services to companies/consultancies.	3
Only the results for the three most recent REEs are shown in the text, the two earliest are in the Appendix.	0
2 Homans, George C., English Villagers in the Thirteenth Century, Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1941.	0
To quantify the frequency of DCCP occurrences, we calculate the probability of an ego-centred citation network whose edge count was larger than the citation count of the owner.	3
Overall, the results presented in this section show that, in many journals, the articles published benefit from the presence of champions which attract the majority of citations, generating a sort of halo effect for the less-cited ones.	5
So, in this paper, we aim to advance knowledge in regard to the effects of science policy on publication patterns, with specific respect to the Polish policy regimes.	1
The average JIF ratio for the top 197 journals including the JIFs for 2020 and 2021 was 1.77 (range, 0.68–8.89).	4
In this paper, we applied author topic modeling (ATM) [1], a variation of Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) [2], to simultaneously model the content of documents and the interests of authors.	3
In this article, we analyze the collaborators’ research diversity at the topic level, using the Author-Conference-Topic (ACT) model (Tang, Jin, & Zhang, 2008a) to extract the authors' topic distributions and cosine to measure the diversity.	3
Concerning evaluation, no statistically significant differences were found between in-person or online average examination marks (p = .133), which may be an indicator of low online cheating.	4
Lebanon (35.5%) ranked first in the percentage of documents published in Q1 journals.	4
In the first phase, we made use of the Greek National Archive of PhD Theses (EADD).	2
This study probes into the development of service science, management, and engineering literatures through the perspective of bibliometrics under IS.	1
To construct the TS score, we categorized journals into four groups: clinical science (Clinical), non-clinical science (Non-Clinical), multidisciplinary (Multi), and non-science and engineering (Non-S&E).	3
Around one-third of the articles published in the ten major oral health journals had at least one author that is a member of the editorial board, a consistent level over the past three years.	4
A second reason is to shift the bibliometric perspective from investigating library and information science as a field of research to also investigate it as a field of education.	1
Prevalence of research misconduct, questionable research practices (QRPs) and their associations with a range of explanatory factors has not been studied sufficiently among academic researchers.	1
For reprints and permissions queries, please visit SAGE's Web site at http://www.sagepub.com/journalsPermissions.nav	0
Kruskal-Wallis test was used for detecting the difference among the three regions, and rank-sum test between two if necessary.	3
To start with, we note that the value of C, i.e.	4
In line with the focus of the fifth Millennium Development Goal on reducing maternal mortality, during the past 20 years, there has been a steady increase in the amount of attention paid to maternal mortality in the medical literature.	5
Only 35.5% (3480) of PR3 papers turn out to have a citation impact greater than the mean for their corresponding journal and year, 50% (4901) have an impact above the median and 10.6% (1035) belong in the top 10% of the most cited papers.	4
The main finding of this article is that assessed environment submissions are significantly associated with a set of quantitative indicators such as external income, the size of the submitting unit, and PGR completions by the submitting unit.	5
A total of 422 editorial board members were evaluated.	2
The percentage of women contributing to 19 representative conferences in CS within the last six years is, on average, below 10%.	4
The utilization of group authorships by Cochrane Review Groups was visualized via a scatter plot.	3
There is a lack of comprehensive studies about several aspects of this phenomenon, including extent and regional distribution.	1
Often cited by journals across a wide range of fields, six of these seven policy journals have achieved high citation rates that put them in the top tiers of journals.	4
All 4951 papers published in these journals during 2007 and 2008 were reviewed and categorised by their type, subspecialty and super-specialty.	2
Selected documents will only include research and review articles from Science Citation Index Expanded and Social Science Citation Index because only these two indexes are mapped to ESI.	2
Since the raw publication counts are confounded by the size of the countries and the size of the subject specialities, cross-national comparison is made using a relative indicator-Research Priority Index.	3
The third method we considered in this work is a support vector machine (SVM).	3
During the last 20 years, we found that the number of the most cited articles originated from the United States was far more than any other country, indicating that the articles in America were of high quality and of great quantity.	5
To analyse the academic integrity policies obtained, techniques from corpus linguistics were utilized and supplemented with inductive content analysis.	3
The findings of this study can provide rich knowledge about the influence, diffusion and convergence trends of Chinese and U.S. pharmaceutical innovations.	5
Cumulative experiences with discrimination and stereotypes may partly explain higher attrition and lower publication productivity among blacks and Hispanics.	5
The results draw up an academic career track of the grantees based on quantitative publication patterns and performance.	4
Key words: performance-based funding; incentives; research performance; performance indicators; research evaluation	0
Analyses: Binary logistic regression models were applied, including the stated characteristics of the best research, the emphasizes when assessing grant proposals and the emphasizes when assessing candidates for positions as dependent variables, while respondent characteristics (field, country, gender, age, academic position, and bibliometric performance) and type of proposal/position under review were included as control variables.	3
Therefore, the aim of this analysis was to assess the volume and impact of the Arab scientific output among the COVID-19 publications indexed in Scopus.	1
Elsevier, Springer, and Taylor & Francis had a total 54 journals indexed in 2022, and 65.9% of journals rank in the first quartile belonged to these groups.	4
In my opinion its use is only acceptable in judging the quality of scientific journals, for which it was developed, not as a tool for decisions on positions or grants of individual scientists [6-8] (but see also Van Kammen et al.	5
I think I know about 90% of the people that work here, although a lot of new researchers joined us lately.	0
Two competition concerns emerge: Authors may prefer to publish in DEAL journals, thereby creating a competitive advantage in attracting good papers.	5
Citation links for the citation portion of the relatedness measure were obtained from two sources.	2
Full-time faculty surgeons at Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education-accredited orthopedic surgery residency programs were included in this study.	2
For a journal to have an IF calculated, it needs to be included in one of two Thomson Reuters databases:	0
Team members in this study identified transparent team leadership, project management, and shared goals and interests as the factors that led to their success.	5
Document relatedness was measured using a hybrid citation analysis + text similarity approach.	3
While the data cannot show us the objective quality of journals and books, it does show that the academy in 2021 largely considered the same things to be prestigious as it did in 2001, meaning that preferences and perceptions of prestige rarely change and indeed arguably become quite embedded.	5
Because we desired to compare the known and published knowledge goals of the program to research outputs, we assembled a dictionary of terms and phrases (Table 1) that reference different aspects of human processes and experiences relevant to integration with carbon cycle science.	3
The methods based on SBMs are elegant and principled answers to the need present in the literature to find groups of journals and other entities sharing similar citation patterns and creating maps of science, and therefore the SBM methods have the potential of becoming one of the standard tools in analysing citation networks in the future.	5
The Hirsch Index for the entire sample is 408 – that is, 408 articles received at least 408 citations (Hirsch, 2005).	4
Twenty five components, or factors, extracted by PCA from the co-citation structure of 403 articles.	0
In this study, papers are evaluated by combining paper impact and novelty through a weighted average approach.	3
The primary source of data for this study was the Web of Science (WoS) published by Thomson Reuters.	2
First, an environmental scan of search engine result pages for the term 'health news' was conducted.	2
Moreover, we verify that the approach is robust in the sense that distinct metrics for quantifying dissimilarities produce charts of the same type.	4
The main objective of the study was to explore and map the evolution of institutional collaboration and the network of the collaboration in SM research.	5
In this paper, the analysis is structured in four sections: the overview of journal papers, quantitative analysis, qualitative analysis, and research preferences.	3
Measures applicable to each topic included number of articles as well as summative, average, maximum, and minimum attention scores.	3
Our approach drew on the principles of ethnographic content analysis (Altheide 1987) and was guided by various categories of interest (e.g., geographies of authenticity, rhetorical characterizations of compromised peer review processes), alongside those that iteratively emerged during the analysis.	3
Claudine Turcotte MD, Pierre Drolet MD FRCPC, Michel Girard MD MHPE FRCPC	0
Here, higher entropy values relate to a higher number and more intense problem areas within a particular cluster.	0
The top five preferred disciplines of international and domestic academic achievement are very different; the former all belong to the natural sciences, while more than 7 of 10 of the latter belong to the social sciences.	4
Sitting predominantly on the periphery of this research network is a cluster of 16 non-OECD nations that fall within the lowest GDP percentile of the network.	4
The proportion of research articles among all articles has grown linearly from 30% to 91% during the period studied (Table 6).	4
The sample of the study comprised of randomly drawn two hundred agricultural scientists across strata from a high performing and a low performing agricultural institute of India.	2
Half (31/62) of the degree programs with ethics course requirements required or allowed RCR training or the online Collaborative Institutional Training Initiative (CITI) to meet the course requirement (see CITI website).	4
In a geopolitical sense, it is clear that the US is a powerful hub of the global network.	4
We aim to develop a NLP-based method to identify the research themes RT,, with r = 1, .	1
In this study, comprehensive experiments were performed to determine the role of the logical sections-based terms indexing method in improving the quality of results (i.e., retrieving relevant papers).	1
The program computes the Levenshtein similarity (as provided by the SimMetrics library https://github.com/Simmetrics/simmetrics) of both attributes (see also Wasi & Flaaen, 2015).	3
The AAN-Par network has 2,747 nodes and 18,474 arcs.	2
Our distribution fits Lotka's law when b is equal to 3.32 (p[t] = .34), which suggests that the distance between prolific and non-prolific authors is larger than expected.	4
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/rev/article-abstract/27/4/323/5055380 by Lancaster University user on 11 April 2019	0
Uppsala Universitetsbibliotek, on 18 Jun 2020 at 07:34:00, subject to the Cambridge Core terms of use, available at https://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.	0
A graphical interface designed to access the bibliometric indicators database of the SCImago Journal & Country Rank portal (http://scimagojr.com/shapeofscience) is described.	1
Data collection occurred between 9 September 2021 and 16 September 2021 in two consecutive stages.	2
The aim of this paper is to extend the conversation about the correlation between collaboration and citation impact in articles in Information Science & Library Science journals by analyzing this correlation's behavior using a power scaling law approach.	1
More specifically, the study aims a) to investigate the amount of increase in the number of science-related patents and the number of scientific papers cited by the patents over time and to examine the difference between different scientific and technological fields and countries, b) to calculate the percentage of inventors citations to domestic and foreign papers, and c) to examine the relationship between the number of citations received from science and patents.	1
It was found that the average agreement of the proposed approach with gold-standard ranking was 0.74, whereas the average agreement of the co-citation approach with the gold-standard ranking was 0.44.	4
All variables vary in time on an annual basis and are in logs,	0
2) The average value of impact, calculated through two indicators: lowerRoman%1.	3
Our paper shows that selecting the publication counting method for national evaluation purposes needs to take into account the current situation in the given country in terms of the excellence of research outcomes, level of internal, external and international collaboration, and publication patterns in the various fields of science.	5
We selected five Asian countries based on journals indexed in the Web of Science using the Journal Citation Reports of the Science Citation Index 2016 (Thomson Reuters 2016).	2
This implies that while there may be several aspects of the above that are not generalisable beyond the case in question, others are.	5
Scopus was chosen in preference to the WoS for more comprehensive coverage (Mongeon & Paul-Hus, 2016) and in preference to Dimensions (Thelwall, 2018a), Google Scholar (Harzing & Alakangas, 2016), and Microsoft Academic (Harzing & Alakangas, 2017) due to having a standard classification scheme that is known to be reasonably consistent (Klavans & Boyack, 2017) and substantial long-term coverage.	2
Our approach to the topic is not exclusive to any particular region, but we draw primarily on empirical observations from the development of humanities in Sweden, a population-wise small country with a high R&D intensity in STEM fields and a sizeable but less prominent position in humanities research.	2
Scopus is one of the world's largest abstract and citation databases of peer-reviewed research literature, with over 22,000 titles from more than 5000 international publishers.	2
We employed the k-core decomposition method to capture nodes with high degree values and measured their academic behaviors according to two metrics: academic age and academic vitality.	3
The number of computer science authors increased by a factor of 10.6 in the last 30 years, and the distribution by academic age became more balanced with time.	4
Based on Juchem, Schl?gl, and Stock (2006) and Haustein (2012), a framework of five dimensions of journal evaluation has been applied, in which each contains several metrics to analyse scientific periodicals from various perspectives, i.e.	3
competitive funding, ex ante assessment, peer review, research evaluation, scientific thinking	0
We find that particularly nutrition and dietetics; sport sciences; medicinal chemistry; radiology, nuclear medicine and medical imaging; dentistry and oral surgery; rehabilitation; and nursing are overrepresented in SBs.	5
The Pearson correlation coefficient was employed to test for correlations between selected continuous variables.	3
AFTER REMOVING OUTLIERS (N = 13), we analyzed 4022 articles published in 2017, including 1029 (26%) articles published under an open access license.	2
The results showed that 13.73 per cent of journals in the CSSCI are OA, their OA format is mostly PDF, and 84.69 per cent of their OA resources are gathered from the publishing years 2004 to 2012.	4
For Zahn GS gives a value of h=44, which is not surprising because of the inflated number of cited and citing items.	4
The academic mobility of Nobel laureates (NLs) epitomises not only the inter-urban knowledge flows and networks but also the spatial evolution of the world's scientific hubs.	1
The material includes articles published between January 1, 2001 and December 31, 2014 in all scientific journals.	2
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Music was the most consistently represented discipline with 28 institutions hosting materials related to music.	4
Applied Economics is also a surprisingly active outlet for health economists.	4
The result of the dependence of the academic groups shows that the United States still leads in Al research and other countries have a high dependence on the United States.	5
To process synonyms properly, MetaMap (available at https://metamap.nlm.nih.gov) is employed to replace biomedical entities in the titles with their concept IDs.	2
Researchers mobile to the United States consistently report stronger positive effects on their scientific productivity than their peers who are mobile within the EU.	5
The "Example of graphical representations of different kind of research paper cor- puses" section presents on overview of graphical results of the text analysis for six research papers published by Elsevier in the journals Materials Letters (ISSN: 0167577X) and Progress in Organic Coatings (ISSN: 03009440) and try to answer the following question: Is there any difference in text complexity between different sections (abstract, introduction, materials&method, results&discussion, conclusion) in research papers?	2
As a result, the cultural diversity and diversity of specialization of the networks of institutions, authors, and countries engaged in research incorporating the Hofstede framework are still too Western-based and psychology-oriented to acquire new research directions and increase innovation opportunities in new fields.	4
Articles with a large number of tweets tend to be the ones receiving immediate social media exposure and are often tweeted by journal associated organization accounts or other individual accounts with a large number of followers.	4
Acknowledgements The authors thank the anonymous reviewers for useful suggestions for improving this contribution.	0
Results from null model are averaged over 10 different rewirings, and the error bars are much smaller than the marker size.	0
Therefore, the objective of this study is to thematically compare traditional and Twitter citation patterns using structural and contextual content analyses, along with statistical analysis.	1
We specifically conceptualize peer review as a gift economy running on perpetually renewed experiences of mutual indebtedness among members of an intellectual community.	1
The main purpose of this paper is to investigate the distribution of bibliometric indicators according to a scaling approach.	1
There were 85 articles categorized as reviews in Scopus that cited predatory articles.	4
According to the goals of the study, from 16 themes, 111 codes were extracted.	4
The network has 16,578 nodes (articles) and 68,797 links (citations).	2
Downloaded from nejm.org at SAN DIEGO (UCSD) on June 29, 2016.	0
Special emphasis panel reviewers are more receptive to the new technology than study section reviewers: 75% versus 42%, respectively (P<0.05).	4
We analyze the measures of quantity and quality of research output using time-related econometric models and compare the results between nanotechnology scientists in Canada and the United States.	3
The normalized publication performance for an institute was computed by comparing the figures for that institute with the national average.	3
The rest of columns of Table 3 reflect the position that each top-20 journal has according to the alternative criteria.	0
In the attempt to enhance our understanding of emerging organizations, we also performed the overlay visualization analysis available in VOSviewer (van Eck and Waltman 2017, 2018) to detect the new and the fading topics.	3
The first cohort of 22 students completed the 12-week program and then served as tutors for subsequent cohorts.	3
This implies that within-the-team negotiations may lead to allocations of attribution rights that do not reflect entirely the individual contributions to research advancements and inventions.	5
In the future, we may include other indicators such as citation data and altmetric scores.	0
With respect to international collaboration, the United States and United Kingdom are the dominant research partners across the region followed by Germany and France.	4
Our model indicates that a pure funding strategy of RA will produce nearly identical results as a funding strategy favouring highly productive researchers.	5
I would also like to thank two anonymous reviewers for their valuable feedback.	0
This longitudinal bibliometric citation analysis provided a new and useful insight into scientific progress trends in the field of orthodontics during the last three decades.	5
The students' baseline characteristics used in this study were obtained at the time of the students' registration in the program and included age, sex, and other data reported at baseline.	2
To examine the career histories of film directors, we collected our second dataset capturing plot description and cast information for each film recorded in the IMDB database (79 K films by 4337 directors; see Supplementary Note 1.2 for more detail).	2
In terms of productivity, the year 2019 has been found as the most productive year with 124 publications, which constitutes 8.5% of the total publications.	4
As the gender of the authors was not explicitly provided, it was inferred using a machine learning-based application, Gender API, applying an 80% confidence threshold and focusing on names with at least 10 occurrences in the application database to ensure data reliability.	2
The NSF awarded a total number of 45 312 grants from 2014 to 2017.	2
To develop hypotheses linking change in networks to change in production, we draw on literature from organization theory predicting explorative versus exploitative strategic approaches to obtaining resources (March, 1991).	3
To identify author locations, we used the Google Maps API via the ggmap package in R (Kahle and Wickham 2013) to provide the geo-coordinates</METRIC> of the institution location.	3
Our study suggests that using normalized structured notations for grants can be a valuable practice, because it helps improve both comprehensiveness and standardization of funding data, since it can ensure the full citation of grants in a normalized way.	5
To achieve these objectives, this paper seeks to address three main research questions: (1) How can IUSS-ECE in B&R regions be dynamically estimated?	1
Particularly surprising was the predominance of the full professors in psychology performance over their social work counterparts.	4
This paper reports on the factors that contribute to the adoption rate of e-journal publishing based upon responses from 82 Malaysian journal publishers.	1
The T100 were published in 16 journals, leaded by New England Journal of Medicine (n=31), Lancet (n=21), Circulation (n=19) and JAMA (n=12), which are the top journal in medical and cardiology.	4
2008) has the most TC with 108, which is far more than other listed papers.	4
What is the readiness level of HEC-recognized journals to adopt OA publishing?	1
Using these existing indicators, this article measures scholars' scientific writing from the perspective of Linguistic Complexity (Table 7), to achieve an understanding of the scholars' writing style and compare the difference between scholars of different ethnicities.	3
The records retrieved covered publications from January 1st, 2018 to December 31st, 2023 (the 'study period') that contribute to one or more SDGs.	2
Flows between different regions of the knowledge space follow a gravity model, with an inverse relation to distance.	4
Finally, men, on average, achieved senior positions in authorship faster than women.	4
To empirically document how data sharing and withholding have changed in the life sciences as a result of these new scientific sharing initiatives, we repeated our 2000 survey in 2013 to estimate the prevalence and magnitude of sharing requests made, honored, and denied.	1
Among these publications, the most active country, author, and publication type included the United States, Vaishya R, and original articles, respectively.	4
We model institution formation and growth with a Pólya's urn-like set of mechanisms described in ref.	3
To evaluate the performance and reproducability of using machine learning-based classification of high-impact research studies, we designed supervised random forest models trained on graph bibliometrics to predict high-impact research studies.	1
Among the top 10 institutions in terms of publication output, 9 are based in the United States, with the University of Illinois (2.7%), the University of Pittsburgh (1.7%), and Wake Forest University (1.7%) publishing the most.	4
Currently, open-access support is broadly offered in all selected Hungarian University Libraries.	4
The study attempts to answer the following research questions: How do early career researchers apply their understanding of the ethics in the scholarly communication process?	1
We deduce that it is more likely (13.4% of probability) for a specialized publication to arise from collaboration with foreign institutions.	4
The execution of these programmes will improve the long-term viability and profitability of these business actors.	0
Hospitals/Stations) with medium to large research services (Min N = 20 such employees, Max N = 600+ such employees).	3
Can a valid and reliable measure of competence be developed for use with scientists in the investigation of cross-disciplinary perceptions?	1
Further exploration on a variety of datasets, journals, and disciplines is certainly needed to elucidate this possibility.	5
After adjusting for U.S. inflation (base year: 1993), NIH funding to neurosurgery departments increased yearly (P<0.00001).	4
In this paper, academic age is defined as the time that has elapsed between the date of the first publication indexed in the Scopus database (all publication types, any role played in publication) and 2017, our reference year.	3
No other statistically significant correlations between economic and bibliometric indices were found.	4
While the discovery and indexing of content is the focus of this study, the open access movement has faced many challenges, from questions regarding the integrity and sustainability of various business and distribution models (e.g., "gold OA" versus "green OA"), as well as concerns about the rigor of OA peer review and overall quality of the research.	0
The proportion of single/solo authorships dropped by a factor of about 3 from 17.03% in 2000 to 5.69% in 2020.	4
The main conclusion emerging from this bibliometric analysis is that Brazil is the most influential country in the Latin American scientific production.	5
Trends in the data also suggest that the likelihood of engaging in post-misconduct research increases further up the career ladder one has already climbed prior to the misconduct.	5
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
The following information was extracted from each study: title, number of citations, journal name, year of publication, country of origin, author, and institution.	3
We distinguished two groups: those whose studies were published (published group) and those whose were not (unpublished group).	3
In order to compare the citation rates of Danish academics across disciplinary domains and fields of specialization, this study employs the mean normalized citation score (MNCS), which is an indicator developed at the CWTS at Leiden University.	3
The difficulty in normalising for fields is how to assign papers to fields.	0
The lead author LAM conducted all interviews between June and August 2018 by telephone using a semi-structured interview guide.	3
The results must be interpreted in light of the direction and magnitude of the differences in position of each theme category.	0
Per cent of articles and citations of psychologists rank ordered in terms of productivity (based on published data by Dennis)	0
We detail the main findings in the fourth section and discuss the concluding remarks in the last section.	0
After adding academic disciplines to the control variables, there remain substantial "publisher effects", with some publishers reporting significantly more downloads than would be predicted by the characteristics of their journals.	4
For more accurate results, the terms "Greenhouse gas emissions" OR "Green house gas emissions" OR “GHG” were used in the search, established in the "title" field.	2
I first find that a one point increase in total score is associated with a 1.4 percentage point (2.1% of a s.e.) increase in the probability of completing a Ph.D.	4
For the example of Campania, SDSs from both Medicine and Industrial engineering appear both at the top and the bottom of both lists.	4
(2003), Palacio-Huerta and Volij (2004) and Ritzberger (2009) as columns 1–3 respectively.	2
From the analysis of evolution of think tanks, we identified that academic, contract, and lobbying think tanks are the dominant forms in the domain of think tanks.	5
The data extracted thus concern the scientific production achieved in the given SCs over the 2006–10 period, by all national public research organizations, meaning all Italian universities (95), research institutions (76), and research hospitals (200).	2
Data for this study was gathered from five respected journals in the field of higher education, namely, Higher Education (2017 Journal Impact Factor [JIF] 1.94), Studies in Higher Education (JIF 2.32), Research in Higher Education (JIF 1.79), The Review of Higher Education (JIF 1.3), and The Journal of Higher Education (JIF 2.28).	2
The 50 most cited articles were determined, and the following characteristics were analyzed for each article: authors, journal and year of publication, number of citations, geographic origin, article type (basic science or clinical), article subtype by study design, and level of evidence.	3
The primary objectives of this work were to: (1) iden- tify differences in scholarly metrics based on the main doctoral degrees within United States (U.S.) colleges of pharmacy (i.e.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
An index (flow vergence index or FV index) was proposed in Prabhakaran et al.	3
La ocurrencia de palabras se entiende como la coexistencia de las palabras clave ?a?	4
Ten papers were considered from each of: Brazil, mainland China, Iran, South Korea, and Taiwan.	2
Journals considered to focus primarily on international pharmacy practice or pharmacy education were excluded to identify a more homogenous sample and help ensure internal validity.	2
In their biographical interviews, most academic group leaders talked about the accumulation of academic capital (mostly in the form of publications) as being a critical part of their ability to build and sustain a space for doing research.	4
To summarise, the two approaches, the direct similarity and the “similarity profile" clustering do not alter the situation whenever the method provides clusters of quality (e.g., 1#2, 1#3, 1#6, 1#7, 2#1, 2#3, 2#5, 2#7, 2#8).	5
All other things being equal, men published 16% more articles than women (p<0.001) (Tables 1 and 3).	4
This study uses a systematic content analysis of collection development statements or similar policies to understand whether IRs accept creative works.	1
The methodology to test this postulate ranges from comparing the impact factors of OA journals versus traditional ones, to comparing citations of OA versus non-OA articles published in the same non-OA journals.	1
The analysis concentrates on the trustees of the twenty-six private US Association of American Universities (AAU).	2
Approximate Potential for Translation (APT), Translational science scores (TS), and Citations by clinical research (Cited by Clin.) were analyzed as dependent variables.	3
Labels denote countries in the top ten for collaborative links in each map.	0
Correlation coefficients were calculated to determine the degree of correlation between the top cited articles and level of evidence and study quality using each quality score.	3
Our results lead us to conclude that access status accounts for little of the variability in the number of citations an article accumulates.	4
The analysis in the field of oncology suggests that the artificial neural network algorithm (ANN) with the input units generated from the simultaneous equation model (3SLS) can predict the retweet scale of scientific papers on Twitter with an accuracy of 78.05%.	4
Focuses of the entrepreneurship education research have gradually been centralized with the research perspective transformed from the preliminary theoretical research into the in-depth discussion on the real hot spot issues.	4
In this framework, we sent a questionnaire in Japanese and English to 3,925 academics working at 34 public and private universities in Japan in 2009.	2
The questions posed are: (1) How well does GS retrieve information resources compared to Summon?	1
In our view, becoming familiar with the terminology of predatory publishing is a very good starting point for developing scholarly publishing literacy.	3
According to the data collected, the percentage of grant-funded articles increases as the associated APCs increase.	4
The results also indicate that until 1980, the majority of the articles have a sole author, while nowadays articles with 3 or 4 authors represent almost half of the total.	4
Data was collected from SCIE on WoS in October 2015.	2
However, whether or not this “topical drift" induced by Sls has a negative impact on the total research output remains to be seen.	1
If current trends hold, gender parity among Computer Science authors will not be reached in a century.	4
We conclude that applying the sociology of professions framework to a broader set of countries would be worthwhile, allowing the emerging bibliometric profession to be charted in a comprehensive, and preferably quantitative, fashion.	5
We will talk about this in more detail in the next section.	0
Bootstrap confidence intervals indicate that the difference between the average of ratios and the ratio of averages are not significant.	4
In 2014, we started working on the problem of creating an entity list for organizations involved in research, this is the GRID (Global Research Identifier Database) system.	3
Researchers from the United States published the most articles (n = 661, 31.1%), followed by Japan (n = 287, 13.5%), China (n = 184, 8.7%), and South Korea (n = 170, 8.0%)	4
The evaluation of academic influence of OA journals is a useful supplement to the evaluation of societal influence.	5
One practical outcome with regard to the Media Psychology Division is that submissions to the 11th conference (held in 2019) were no longer allowed to include study results.	5
The first contribution of the paper is to model that counterfactual world realistically, and compare it to the present.	5
The main interest lies in the influence of job mobility from one university to another, local peer effects measured by the research productivity of the colleagues and matching quality indicated by the share of peers in overlapping research areas and the presence of co-authors in the department.	1
In the different medical fields, urology has the highest number of articles (n = 878, 26.007%).	4
The distribution of citations over time, especially in the last decade, indicates a growing absolute gap between the increasingly cited top two (HE and SHE) and the remaining top journals (with HERD catching up fast).	4
The time span from 2003 to 2012 was selected for two reasons.	0
Overall, the ESI policy has increased the probability of funding for ESIs by over 54%, decreasing the deficit in funding by more than 12 percentage points from Cohort 1 to Cohort 2.	4
The analysis of the keywords detected in the documents considered makes the word "finance" prominently emerge from the others, implying the strong focus of this type of study on financial issues employing the methodology in the object.	4
The 248 economics journals in my sample were selected based on three factors: the papers published by each had to be focused on economics; published papers were not restricted to authors affiliated with the host organisation; and each journal had to have published papers throughout the period 2001–5, inclusive.	2
This paper proposes a simple axiom-based way to build a practical scholar-ranking metric that incorporates the reputation of the journal in which an article appears.	5
The FQ had a median of 0.04 (0-0.32).	4
Most researchers shared metadata related to their research rather than their teaching or service.	4
In this step all the collaboration groups (CGs) are demarcated.	3
Here they learn that ethical issues are not found as pure categories in practice but one usually finds several prob- lems and their interactions.	0
Our findings can be useful for improving the organization of science.	5
A survey design was used to obtain data for the study, through a questionnaire containing open- and close-ended questions.	3
We looked up the corresponding citations of every research paper that was included in WoS and recorded how many citations each publication received from its year of publication until 2008 on an annual basis.	2
The IREM is an applicable basic tool for institutional research evaluation which can guide the research policy.	5
Moreover, researchers involved in inter-department collaborations tend to be drastically more productive (by all considered productivity measures), collaborative (measured by the number of co-authorship relations) and institutionally important (in terms of the betweenness centrality in the co-authorship network) compared to those who collaborate only with colleagues from their own research departments.	4
I specify the following econometric model for this purpose: Pr (QPT; = 1) =G [βο + β?ln (Thirdparty;) + B2STEM; +?zln (Fees) + ?4 Abolition; + Bln (Fees) × Abolition; + γΧ]	3
In particular, we focus on the temporal evolution of the roles and importance of countries and of disciplines, on the structure of 'scientific families' and on the impact of genealogy on the development of scientific paradigms.	1
As this paper provides an understanding on the possible mutual reinforcing relationship between two concepts, a stronger linkage on sustainable competitiveness that may catalyse tourism development can offer reference for future research through in-depth analysis.	5
The data analysis for this study was guided by the conceptual framework and research questions and Yin’s (2003, 126) advice that data analysis ‘consists of examining, categorizing, tabulating, testing, or otherwise recombining evidence, to draw empirically based conclusions’.	3
The Web of Science was searched for top-cited articles in medical professionalism, and the characteristics of each article were identified.	2
In this research, only original articles were considered among the various types of documents, since original articles have been peer-reviewed, and more likely had to have proposed novel concepts or presented substantive findings.	2
The most crucial findings of this study are that the influence of the PLE was weaker than that of Zipf's law.	5
New wooden detached houses and apartments were calculated using a stock-driven MFA model that estimated the inflow and outflow in a year from the total floor area using the survival rate of the buildings (Fishman et al., 2014; Fishman and Graedel, 2019).	3
Overall, the median grows from 8 references per paper in 1972 to 16 in 2000, and from there to 25 references per paper in 2013.	4
The new hotspots include Wenchuan earthquake, ground motion, performance, buildings, disaster, earthquake response, tsunami, China earthquake, simulation, earthquake hazard, hazard, landslide, damage, southern California, GPS, area, natural disasters, displacement, and liquefaction.	5
We conclude by showing that established and emerging researchers are much less likely to jointly conceive new ideas when working remotely, reducing the exposure of new talent to disruptive discovery.	5
So far the biggest success has been with the relaxed acceptance criteria offered in particular by so-called megajournals, which clearly have found a market niche.	4
To assess the age diversity within a paper, we integrate the concept of Shannon entropy with the calculated AA of each contributing author.	3
In this paper, we introduce a new measure for evaluating and characterizing the scientific output of a researcher over time.	1
In this context, the objective of this paper is to provide evidence on the factors accounting for the ability of Higher Education Institutions (HEI) to attract foreign academics.	1
The CJA scores consider three aspects for a published manuscript: the Category (C; e.g., review, original article, case report, etc.), the Journal “quality” (J; e.g., the JIF or ranking of the journal), and the order of Authorship (A).	3
We argue that multiple disciplinary approaches are necessary in conservation science because (i) socio-ecological systems are complex, (ii) multiple perspectives are better than one, (iii) results of research must impact upon practice, (iv) the heterogeneity of scale necessitates it, and (v) conservation involves compromise.	4
For indicator B (proportion of international collaboration) we conducted an ordinary least squares linear regression, where the dependent variable (degree of international collaboration varying continuously from 0 to 1) was log transformed, due to the lack of normal distributed data.	3
The best we can do is to divide our attention by dividing our time between two or more tasks, and only if we have the time to divide.	0
A tentative answer is that there are two countervailing effects.	5
For a larger sample, however, this labour-intensive method can be considered as a practical limitation.	0
In this study, based on website analysis, we identified that the libraries of selected Hungarian universities are currently offering research support on open-access publication and access to online electronic scientific resources.	5
The results show that 56% of the faculty had a unique, single year of wonder; 30% had two years with the same number of exceptional publications; and only 13% had three or more years as their most productive ones—meaning that only this minority diverges from the pattern of the annus mirabilis.	4
Where available, Scopus Field-Weighted Citation Impact (FWCI) measures were identified for individual articles.	3
The results for disparity analysis exhibit a clear dominance of the linear average disparity behavior in our networks.	5
Our results affirm the strong linkages among different aspects of research success, suggesting that demographic, psychological, and contextual factors work in similar ways when it comes to explaining processes of knowledge production and of knowledge reception.	5
The clustering of 66 scientific disciplines is presented in the dendrogram in Figure 4.	4
Tel.: +32 16 32 22 42; fax: +32 16 32 28 31.	0
We then analyzed inter-reviewer reliability (IRR) using two approaches: estimating (1) kappa (weighted and Gwet's kappa) coefficients and (2) intra-class correlation (ICC).	3
4 Evolution of distribution discrepancy of RME groups across different time periods	0
The objectives of this manuscript are to characterize the current state of the PHO workforce utilizing data collected through ASPHO surveys and available through relevant professional organizations.	1
This study targeted 149 Hindawi journals with data for variable selection.	2
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=usrv20	0
We find that factors affecting level of collaboration, including disciplinary area, academic qualification, and the national and institutional context within which research is done have an effect on productivity of academic scientists.	4
Data were collected from the 30 journals with the highest scientific journal ranking factor in the subject area 'Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology' in January 2023 (Scimago Lab, 2023).	2
Even though the bibliometric methodology used may present some limitations, our bibliometric analysis provides a pivotal tool to evaluate the characteristics and trends of the publications related to the neurointerventional treatment of cerebrovascular diseases.	5
Using the data from the research fields of chemistry (Vinkler, 2000), medicine (Wren et al., 2007), and psychology (Maciejovsky et al., 2009), the comparison of the coauthor credits among empirical data and the prediction models is obtained (Table 7).	2
The descending trend of these descriptive statistics shows that the price differences of medical services across regions has narrowed over this period.	4
The D score varies from ?1 (developing) to 1 (disruptive) as it is calculated as the difference between the probabilities of observing these two types of subsequent citation pattern.	3
For robustness check we have also estimated other models—but only the results for forward stepwise regression are presented.	3
* Bold and italicized figures show above-average differences between articles about German-speaking countries and the ones about other countries or no specific country at all.	0
The Chinese Social Sciences Citation Index (CSSCI) was developed by the Chinese Social Sciences Research Evaluation Centre of Nanjing University.	2
Of >27,000 last names (for >60,000 academics), that these figures suggest prominent nepotism is at least debatable.	0
Impact of Coronavirus Outbreaks on Science and Society: Insights from Temporal Bibliometry of SARS and COVID-19.	0
This means that we shall only be making assignments in 89.61% of the papers with first generation references, 92.53% with second generation references, and 93.10% with both the first and second generation combined.	2
On average, collaborated research is less likely to be “false science”.	5
Thus, a major conclusion of our study is that to increase diversity among journal reviewer populations, journals need to increase gender and geographic diversity of their editorial boards.	5
In recognizing ORCID's potential for facilitating automated data flows, the ORCID DE project prioritized its integration with established standards.	3
This study indicates that extracting topics from abstract could be a more efficient way compared to full-text because it could provide similar information with much fewer words.	5
Estimated web site sizes as reported by the Google API on 30 June 2005	0
His book, Resistance is Fertile: Canadian Biotechnology Policy and Struggles on the Biocommons, was published in 2013 by University of British Columbia Press.	0
They encompass both epistemological differences over what counts as knowledge, and different approaches to producing knowledge (Albert et al., 2009; Currie et al., 2014; Knorr-Cetina 1999).	0
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/sp/article/29/3/1100/6433125 by Nanjing Agricultural University user on 25 May 2025	0
Computer-assisted personal interviews were held using the software EgoNet (http://sourceforge.net/projects/egonet/).	3
The Web-based survey was electronically mailed to all 53 voting members of the CC-CHOC.	3
This article focuses on an important aspect of how economics influences science—examining how research funding sponsorship is associated with citation impact.	1
We evaluated the association of proposal risks and reviewer characteristics, including risk tolerance (see Methods), with reviewers' criteria and overall scores.	1
The findings of this study make clear that the research output does not reflect the real needs of different nations, but can be put on a level with the financial possibilities to investigate in research on patient safety.	5
and by announcing news via the Twitter account @OAPENBooks.	3
As of May 2019, 1370 Chinese academicians were included in the CAS and 1070 Chinese academicians in the CAE, including deceased academicians but excluding foreign academicians, for 2440 in total.	2
The idea behind invariance to aggregation is that any journal ranking problem can be transformed into a reduced problem by defining the union Jiuj of journals J?	3
The open source Sci2 tool (http:// sci2.cns.iu.edu) supports temporal, geospatial, topical, and network studies.	3
"Peer interactive communication" is the prevailing support thanked in the acknowledgements of humanities, so the notion of acknowledgements as "super-citations" can make special sense in this area.	4
and 3) What action should the ASFA Secretariat take to ensure the development of the database continues to fulfil its mandate as a highly relevant and informative resource for all types of users worldwide?	1
Stronger level of evidence was correlated with overall number of citations (P = 0.044), citation density (P < 0.001), and year of publication (P = 0.003).	4
To ensure that all the articles have enough time to accumulate the metric data, we collected the metric data for 377 days and updated the data daily, which is from January 11, 2019 to January 23, 2020 for 421 articles, including the daily updated page views and geographical distribution data.	2
In order to identify the determinants of citation success, we specify an empirical model for the analysis.	1
The authors also analyzed common verbs in manuscripts: in the 1950s, researchers used more words evoking creation or discovery such as “produce” or “determine;” and in the 2010s, they used more words referring to incremental progress such as “improve” or “enhance.”	3
This study seeks to determine what influence the OACE has on the decision-making process of tenure-track science faculty when they consider where to submit a manuscript for publication.	1
However, Turkey, which has the largest biomedical research output in the Middle East has the lowest citation scores overall.	4
We retrieve from the Web of Science database (WoS, isiknowledge.com, field “times cited”) the number of citations each document has accumulated from its publication year up to the week of May 23–31, 2011.	2
The years prior to 1999 are not used because the World Bank Data Query does not contain statistics for these dates.	0
For smaller or less funded institutions, using a single platform for hosting both traditional IR content and special collections and archival materials may provide a cost- and labor-effective means of increasing the library and university online presence.	5
The feasibility and utility of the indicator was examined by using it to calculate research output from two similarly-sized research groups in different countries.	2
4): a group of seven categories with negative scores (Group 1), a group of categories with absolute values of the indexes lower than 2.58 and therefore not significantly different at level 1% from the WoS (Group 2) and a group of 2 categories with extremely high scores (Group 3).	4
In this study, a bibliometric analysis is conducted to evaluate bibliographic content of all scientific publications in the field of remote sensing published by scholars with Vietnamese affiliations, indexed in the Scopus database, for the 2000-2019 period.	1
We proposed a novel approach for project funds distribution that integrates adaptive similarity fitting and MOO using the NSGA-II.	5
This paper describes the 'ordinary science intelligence' scale (OSI_2.0).	1
The maps display the social, cognitive, and funding substructure of the GH publication field.	4
7 The map of keyword co-occurrences associated with the Covid-19 literature	0
In this study, data of 24 prestigious awards and 671 awardees in mathematics field were collected.	2
BibExcel 1.0.0.0 has been used to conduct a frequency and co-occurrence analysis (Persson et al.	3
The components of the quality appraisal framework utilised in this study can be found in Fig.	0
In total, 208 of 320 graduates (65%) published at least 1 peer-reviewed article during residency.	4
In Figure 2, we assign each paper a category based on its citations: if it was in the top 10 percent of citations for papers published in that year, it is called a “home run”; if it is in the lowest 10 percent, it is called a “bomb.”	3
Training translational scientists is a priority of the Clinical and Translational Science Award (CTSA) consortium.	1
First, international research collaboration metadata were gathered from Indiana University’s CADRE portal containing the Web of Science database on all articles and reviews for the years 2008 to 2017 [96].	2
The analysis of our collected email journal solicitations showed that the vast majority of solicited journals were not found on credible indexing databases with only 7 of the 32 solicitations identified (21.9%).	5
This paper contributes to the research literatures on intellectual productivity, the role of bibliometric data, and the nature of departmental leadership in universities.	1
The largest academic publishers top the downloads list, there were over 1.3 million downloads from Elsevier (38.09% of the total), followed by Springer (11.85%), Wiley Blackwell (10.10%), Nature Publishing Group (4.43%), and the American Chemical Society (3.99%).	4
Journals were eligible if their current editor-in-chief was based in Africa, the publisher was based in a LMIC (according to the World Bank), if policies and author guidelines were available in English and if the journal published an issue in 2016.	2
Open Access plays a significant role in how books are promoted on twitter, with '#openaccess' appearing as the most frequently used hashtagged term in publisher tweets.	5
The second stage extension network includes the core-extension network, the forward-backward set, and the backward-forward set.	2
Building upon previous research, we adopted the BERT+BiLSTM+CRF model architecture (Ma & Yuan, 2019) to construct a fine-grained method entity recognition model.	3
The results show that measured by scientific impact, the subjects of Chemical Engineering, Energy, and Environmental Science have the fastest growth.	4
Overall, this study shows that the evaluated library science journals with open access components overwhelmingly exhibit positive quality and credibility attributes in ways that supplement the field’s advocacy in the open access movement.	5
We have created the largest bibliometric profile database—h-index, m-quotient, hc-index, and g-index—in an effort to create benchmarks for individuals.	5
Is intra-gender collaboration more continuous than inter-gender collaboration?	1
The authors declare no conflicts of interest regarding the publication of this paper.	0
The comparison between the chosen databases shows that the behavior of the reviewed journals is similar in Scopus and Scielo, but not in Google Scholar Metrics.	5
The prediction performance of these features is finally tested by three classifiers, SVM, KNN and Bagging.	3
The top three classes are D (World History), H (Social Science), and P (Language and Literature), which accounted for 54% of monographs published about East Asia.	4
The third topic involved possible routes for improvement, one from within the institution through the research integrity education, research integrity bodies and quality control, and the other from outside the institution through external supervision of institutions.	4
Received 18 September 2020; Revised 14 January 2021; Accepted 5 February 2021; Published 3 March 2021	0
The median for the total number of citations and the medians for the numbers of citations to the Cochrane review in the first, second, third, and fifth years after publication in the copublished group were higher than those in the noncopublished group [71 (interquartile range {IQR}: 37.5, 118.5) vs.	4
This study also analyzed the citation functions that reveal the possible reasons why authors cite the concepts in HBPLE.	1
The study also reveals the indisputable leadership of China in overall output and research agenda-setting.	4
Secondly, we find that non-funded ‘blue-skies’ research have higher novelty than funded works.	5
This study mainly followed the generic framework for scientometric mapping research (Li, Goerlandt, & Reniers, 2021).	3
Data accessibility: The data used in this study were obtained from the openly accessible websites of PLOS ONE, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Management Science, and Web of Science; parsed and merged data, and supplementary code are available at https://doi.org/10.6071/M39W8V.	0
However, the closely connected aspects of reputation, publishing strategies, metrics, and impact do not work so well.	5
Methodology used for this work is described in the next section.	0
What does it mean to say that a researcher is "central" to a discipline?	1
In this article, we focus on the large, yet understudied group of S&E graduate students-referred to henceforth as emerging researchers.	1
The international and regional collaborative structures were determined using Pajek software.	3
The aim of the present study is to analyze collaboration among researchers with regard to the global scientific production on leishmaniasis considering the different forms of the disease and studying the diachronic evolution of the formation of research groups in the field.	1
A pivotal finding from our analysis is the significant elevation of the Gini coefficient in these fields, as depicted in Fig.	4
Our central goal, however, is to discover communities of connected authors based on whom they are connected with (prestige) and the weight of their associations (trust).	1
I thank the referee (Terry Mahoney) for asking pertinent questions whose answers have been incorporated in this text.	0
1S), this study employs principal component analysis (PCA) to extract a two-dimensional representation of each scholar's growth trajectory.	3
Apart from the regular marketing activities for the printed editions, we place the OA edition in the OAPEN Library (see below) and the Directory of Open Access Books (DOAB).	3
From 1983 through 2008, 3,207 different authors submitted 3,613 items, of which 1,032 articles by 965 authors have been published on the evaluation of the 9,307 reviews by the 3,800 reviewers involved.	2
What are the scientific collaborations among countries/regions, affiliations and authors?	1
This article examines gender differences in participation and communication behaviour at the German Congress of Geography 2019 in Kiel.	1
Moving beyond a distributional lens, Eric Hobsbawm's theory of social banditry is contrasted with neoliberalism and applied to problematize the demonization of an array of publishing practices labeled as predatory.	3
A χ2 test was used to compare the proportion of graduates who matched to a highly selective residency.	3
Date of publication xxxx 00, 0000, date of current version xxxx 00, 0000.	0
On the contrary, in accessibility-salient equilibria (Proposition 2), scholars’ attention is drawn to inaccessibility, and they pay less attention to differences in article importance among research articles.	4
In contrast, CCG's discussion focuses on local domestic issues and phenomena, especially driven by China's state-level strategies (e.g., BRI, new-type urbanization, Rural Revitalization) in the new era of Chinese socialism.	5
For each review, I arbitrarily selected three of the studies included in the review to use as key papers and then attempted to use the proposed method to identify the rest of the studies included in that review using the Web of Science Core Collection (WOS)—which, in our Library's subscription, includes the Science and Social Sciences Citation Indexes, Conference Proceedings Indexes, and Book Citation Indexes—as the sole data source.	2
Using Zotero we extracted bibliographical metadata from Computers and the Humanities (Chum) (1966–2004); Literary and Linguistic Computing (LLC) (1986-2011); and, as a control (see below), the Annals of the Association of American Geographers (1966–2013).	2
The reason Lack of research experience in particular research area had the highest average agreement (M = 3.68), followed by Interdisciplinary topic (M = 3.58) and Lack of overall research experience (M = 3.51).	4
As the dependent variables are ordinal values, we adopted an Ordinal Logistic Regression (OLR) test.	3
Here TP = Total Publications; C/CP = Citation per cited publication.	0
Noting the potential limitations of any metric to provide an adequate gender neutral comparison of research performance, this paper seeks to provide some specific evidence on “how to enhance the use of quantitative data” (Wilsdon et al.	1
The Chinese Social Sciences Citation Index (CSSCI) is selected as the data source, not only because it is recognized as an authoritative database for scientometric research on social sciences in China (e.g., Chen et al., 2022; Gong & Cheng, 2022; Song et al., 2015), but also because it provides both journal-level and paper-level discipline classification systems (Shu et al., 2020; Su et al., 2014), which can distinguish the discipline of a paper from that of its published journal.	2
As the results of our analysis in Table 1 show, there is a clear gap in the distribution of reviewers for all four categories.	4
After this classification process, a clustering/community algorithm, using the Louvain method-a heuristic method that is based on modularity optimization of large network datasets was run using the software GEPHI.	3
The compound F2-index is further calculated as the sum of the f2-index and the recent f2'-index (Fassin, 2020).	3
After this, a more structured interviewed was implemented, prioritizing three basic topics that eventually lead to many interrelated ones:	0
The present survey aimed to explore the English language uses among Chinese doctors in their professional life, which may provide further evidence for medical English curriculum adjustment at both undergraduate and postgraduate levels.	1
Among the approximately 3.7 million references, there are 1,418,000 SCIE journal articles (i.e., about 38%) included in 7,605 SCIE journals.	2
The international collaboration rate was not significantly different between the two groups (30.9%±11.3% vs.	4
The target population for the current study consisted of editorial board members from leading peer-reviewed journals in the disciplines of accounting, economics, finance,	0
A total of 495,108 biomedical papers were found in 12,341 journals for the ten MENA countries (here we consider Turkey in the context of MENA).	4
Unsurprisingly, citations to the four chemical resources have the highest incidence of citation in the chemistry fields; however, other disciplines, such as engineering, computer science and pharmacology, also cite these resources (Table VI).	4
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 102 times since 2016*	0
NPW papers were obtained from the dataset collected and shared by Li et al.	2
Network data using betweenness centrality indicate Progress in Transplantation links transplantation-focused journals and journals indexed in health sciences categories.	5
We also provide insights into analyzing technology entrepreneurship (TE) as a sub-field of MOT, and we conduct our study by considering this field's global knowledge production.	1
While prior studies have found that the average article published in a predatory journal receives 2.6 citations as a maximum (Bj?rk et al.	4
Building upon a longitudinal study by Bo-Christer Bj?rk that looked at barriers to the open access publishing of scholarly articles, this study evaluates the discussion of those barriers in the LIS literature over the ten year period 2004–2014, and compares this to Bj?rk's conclusions about gold open access publishing.	1
To build the article analysis system, we used bibliometrics to locate the relevant references while analysis techniques were implemented by the association rule algorithm of data mining.	3
The authors searched the Scopus database (http://www.scopus.com) on March 16, 2020, using the following criteria: “Viet Nam” OR “Vietnam” as Affiliation Country.	2
From the 136 programs, 4,744 AEPs were identified.	4
Through backward snowball sampling we identified 718 primary studies assessed through the scoring rubric.	2
Waltman repeatedly stresses conceptual difficulties in statistical inference for citation analysis.	4
We find no systematic gender differences in the citation coverage of the two databases.	4
These counterintuitive findings highlight the need for interrelated modeling of the forestry and construction sectors.	5
As an advanced bibliometric analysis, this study provides a bigger picture of actual contents and research topics in lodging literature.	5
Ioannidis et al.2 provides excellently curated bibliometric data for 84,116 scientists (those among the top 30,000 for impact in a single year (2013) in at least one of the six indicators) and separately across 12 scientific fields.	2
A Welch's t-test was performed to compare the differences in the average familiarity and usage of traditional metrics with those of altmetrics.	3
We apply our method to seven physics fields, which were selected based on the KPS report to describe the evolution of emerging academic fields.	4
The article also reviews similar content harvesting projects in the context of institutional repositories.	1
show that Pol II-associated factor 1 (PAF1) plays a central role in regulating the activation of these paused Pol II complexes.	4
I find evidence that interruptions are disruptive to research.	5
Particularly, we are also interested in measuring how many authors effectively contribute to a manuscript, a piece of information that can be further used to normalize various bibliometric indexes (Ruiz-Castillo & Waltman, 2015).	1
Analyses of this type are useful to the national and local public decision maker, for formulation of research and industrial policies, but also to managers of high-tech companies, for informing the choice of locations for R&D activities.	5
Thus, Hypothesis 3b is supported: The higher the impact factor of the cited references, the higher the number of citations an HBR article receives.	4
To derive the independent variables negative views and positive views, we took the arithmetic mean of the negative and positive categories, respectively.	3
41,640,566 journal papers published from 2001 to 2020 in Scopus from October 18 to 23, 2022 were analyzed.	2
for each author using Scopus database in 2021 (the largest database of peer-reviewed journals), with two exceptions-data for university rankings using QS World University Rankings 202136 and for journal rankings using Journal Citation Reports (JCR) 202137.	2
The agency does this largely by developing and enforcing regulations that are based on environmental laws passed by Congress and signed into law.	0
The above-mentioned examples illustrate that the suggested methodology, which combines text processing, information clustering, and the visualization of topic relationships over time with the help of graph-theoretical tools in time-importance diagrams, works well and can reveal overriding topic trends.	5
All Spanish public universities in all autonomous communities have institutional repositories that are assigned a specific name.	4
Our results show that there are two substantial different performances between universities which can be strictly related to the nature of the institutions, namely the Private and Public profiles.	4
The dependent variable is the total number of citations a paper received before the end of 2009.	2
Using both the names of the authors of these studies and the keywords derived from the title and abstract of these papers, we investigated whether the same papers were published elsewhere in the period between NDT rejection and 31 December 2014.	3
Figure 1 shows the sketch of the important citation identification framework proposed in this paper.	0
Between 2014 and 2016, we conducted in-depth interviews with fifty-one scientists involved in ES research to various extents.	2
However, the use of these likely predatory journals by faculty applicants, either due to naivety or ease of publication, is troubling.	5
Sponsorships or competing interests that may be relevant to content are disclosed at the end of this article.	0
Between 2006 and 2020, the number of H collaborations increased by 14 times.	4
Within the different forms of empirical research, quantitative studies comprised 39% of the whole sample and 66% of the empirical articles.	4
We used 41,370 publications and 223,810 citations, where full text and citations were extracted from XML files.	2
To respond to these lacunae, the present study employed a detailed, self-administered electronic survey to explore North American LIS faculty awareness of, attitudes toward, assessment of, and experience with open-access scholarly publishing.	1
The journals surveyed were ranked according to IF, position in quartiles, publication charges, usage rights in published articles, self-archiving conditions in OAl-compliant repositories digital archives.	3
We argue for taking a perspective of scientific communication, where globalization is derived from researchers' journal submissions' decisions.	1
Funded applicants were more likely than unfunded applicants to apply for National Institutes of Health funding (60% vs 35%, respectively; P < .01), but the probability of successfully receiving an National Institutes of Health grant did not differ (83% vs 85%, respectively; P = .82).	4
To test this hypothesis, we calculated the difference between the NRPR of national and international papers for each country: ΔRPR = NRPRNational_Papers ?	3
For the three types of funding sectors, some variables were calculated: mean normalised position (NP); proportion of articles in the first quartile (Q1); mean number of authors and organisations; and proportion of articles with collaboration (two or more organisations), considering also the proportion of articles with national or international collaboration.	3
Collaborations throughout the world were strongly related to geographical location.	4
PLOS ONE | www.plosone.org 1 June 2014 | Volume 9 | Issue 6 | e99502	0
We conclude by providing the reasons motivating our drive towards institutionally funded OA models, which we plan to expand beyond R&P in future years to include Subscribe to Open.	0
*total exceeds 100% as data are overlapping due to multidiscipline interaction.	0
Radiology journals are largely published by a few multinational commercial entities using a traditional subscription-based model.	5
The analysis by type of activity determined that academic institutions lead R&D activity (80%), unlike innovative activity, which presents a balance between the academic (45%) and business (55%) sectors.	4
6 We exclude those document types that cannot be strictly considered as true research products, such as editorial material, conference abstracts, replies to letters, etc.	0
The fractional h-index is obtained as the value hm, which is that largest value of the effective number of papers which has an impact equal to or greater than hm (ref.	3
We are also grateful to Jeremy Fox and Lindsay Haddon for feedback on an earlier version of this paper.	0
The endorsement of STROBE is lacking and its extensions are not being promoted by journals.	5
The references in this study are extracted from systematic reviews published by Cochrane.	2
The most recent survey (2005-6), published in 2010, offers the most granular, rigorous, and extensive assessment of graduate program quality containing detailed information on program characteristics for a representative sample of doctoral programs (Hicks 2009; Schmitt 2013).	2
The long-term duration and substantial resources characteristic of excellence funding are complemented by a few subsidiary, or “implementation features”, viz.	4
While the top five percentile of human classifiers can outperform ML in limited cases, selection and training of such classifiers is likely costly and difficult compared to training ML models.	4
Specifically, the fields of pharmaceuticals and energy have longer referencing cycle and slower renewal of knowledge; by comparison, the fields of transgenics and nanotechnology have shorter referencing cycle and faster renewal of knowledge.	4
Every single selection of a high quality manuscript (to be published by the journal) implies a number of m candidate articles.	2
Taken together, the findings indicate a forward-looking process of knowledge development, which complements the user-feedback induced iterative search process uncovered by prior innovation researchers (e.g., Contigiani and Levinthal, 2019).	5
The vast majority of research on the classification of established and emerging scientific disciplines has been restricted to research publications and citations.	5
Therefore, being covered by WoS is to a good extent an indicator of community belonging or readership and less an indicator of quality.	5
In this paper, top 50 ranked journals identified by researchers' perceptions are examined in terms of the correlation to the rankings by their impact factors and h-indexes.	1
It can be deduced that awarding societies tend to award those authors who have contributed to multiple domains.	5
Full Professors were awarded more than three-quarters of R grants and amassed more than $1.3 billion in funding, whereas assistant and associate professors received the majority of K series grants.	4
In contrast, measurement in the social sciences, in the main, rests on a vague, discretionary definition of measurement that places hardly any restrictions on empirical data, does not require calibrated instruments, and rarely articulates predictive theories.	4
For completeness, we also note here that the direct citation approach does have a variant (not shown in Figure 1) that we have never seen published.	0
Refereed publications are presented as the only uncontested product.	4
The operational definitions of the eight citation functions in the matrix are as follow:	0
Studies published in seven select orthopedic journals were retrieved from PubMed.	2
To ease the endogeneity problem, we employed the coarsen exact matching method to balance the measurable characteristics before the first application between the first-movers and the late-comers.	3
We conclude that the accuracy of the Author ID for Japanese researchers is sufficient and nearly equal to the Researcher Numbers in the KAKEN funding database, one of the most reliable systems in Japan.	5
However, moving internationally between year two and year seven post-Ph.D.	4
The h-index of academic radiology departments is a meaningful tool that allows for evaluation from within and against other academic centres.	5
In this study an analysis of the effects of the different types of durability on the bibliometric performance at the group level is presented.	1
Two-thirds of journals, together publishing nearly half of all articles, complied with only two or fewer FOA principles.	4
I wish to express my gratitude to the staff of the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research (Australia), Professors Toby Sommer and Michel Crozon, who suggested some interesting references, and to Macmillan Magazines Limited and The Nobel Foundation for granting permission to reproduce some rejection letters shown in Figures 1 and 2.	0
The bibliometric dataset used to measure FSS is extracted from the Italian Observatory of Public Research, a database developed and maintained by the present authors and derived under license from the Thomson Reuters WoS.	2
Based on the data shown in Table 2, social network analysis was used to analyze and visualize collaboration patterns based on co-authorship and citation data within and across thematic groups for the selected countries.	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 57(9):1275-1278, 2006	0
An extensive amount of the literature is focused on the process and results of research involving diverse disciplines, that is, interdisciplinary research.	0
Table 7 summarizes the compared results, showing that our model outperforms the other methods in all five evaluation metrics.	4
Second, if given substantial weight (20% in this case), awards help ranking systems set universities further apart from each other, making it easier to detect differences in the levels of performance.	4
For each college, the works cited or bibliography of citations were obtained and analyzed by: Type of format cited and number of times the format was used.	3
Therefore, this database was used to generate classification of scientific fields according to the OECD methodology (Frascati Manual).	2
Conditions for scientific production were considered unfavorable in 28.4% of the cases, while 50.6% were classified as somewhat favorable and 21% as favorable.	4
This study calculates the effectiveness of structural holes for measuring the effective size of the ego network.	3
Other interesting developments of this paper, which are left to future research, include:	0
This paper presents the first components of a novel monitoring system for monitoring such organizations.	1
Regression analysis: it was utilised to estimate the influence of Twitter activity metrics (total tweets, followers, followings, etc.) on the distribution of tweets and citations in each researcher.	3
Besides analysing Australia's share of world publication and citation totals, Butler also looked at relative citation impact (RCI) and the changes in the impact of journals in which Australian academics were publishing.	3
How to explain the success of China or South Korea in the global scientific (academic research) competition over the past two decades?	1
In any case, the findings should be considered with caution because the study contains several limitations.	0
Faculty was identified from 17 fellowship council accredited HPB surgery fellowships in the United States and Canada.	2
The study aimed to investigate retractions in developing economies countries.	1
A benefit of the difference against mean plot lies in the analysis of the relationship between the differences of journal and paper impact and their average.	4
Eighty-two authors partially responded (~14% response rate (11.4% [44/386] from the initial sample, 19.3%[38/197] from second sample) to our survey.	4
If material is not included in the article's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder.	0
It is important to note that no distinction is made in this study between unacceptable/questionable practices and research misconduct, and we will refer to all practices under the term “research misconduct”.	0
Moreover, the improved method provides a more differentiated ranking for citation linkages in the network.	4
The Survey of Doctorate Recipients (SDR) is administered periodically by the NCSES, a unit within the National Science Foundation (NSF), and offers the potential to conduct longitudinal research among people who have earned the PhD in STEM fields (Chang & Foley, 2017).	2
Our final data includes 4,209 researchers working in 89 different departments.	2
The data analysis included the coding of the transcripts, categorization of the initial codes and generation of themes and patterns.	3
An unfavorable trend can be considered the very small number of E&F publications in collaboration with traditional Russian partners—Germany, the United States, and France.	5
So we conclude that the clustering accuracy rate is positively correlated with modularity value after all nodes in the network are classified.	4
Second, we considered the paper's 10th-percentile z score.	3
for International Educational Research, Schlossstrasse 29, D-60488 Frankfurt am Main, Germany (botte@dipf.de).	0
Indeed, we first show that H-indices and P-scores are correlated with a Kendall-Tau coefficient that exceeds 0.5.	4
used a 576-year tree ring record to construct a record of wintertime climate along the California coast.	2
This mechanism may be instrumental for regulating the emotional impact of disappointment.	5
In summary, the main aim of analysis presented in the paper sis to address the following questions:	1
Whether these results are caused alone by differences in awareness of the citation analytical consequences of alphabetization of authorship is undecided.	0
The number of publications in each field is used as a weight.	0
In 2009, 88% of the journals in the sample used electronic submission methods, 22% via e-mail, and 63% via editorial management systems.	4
There is a clear trend of increasing length, in both the specified and actual published length of manuscripts in these journals.	5
The top 3 criteria were (1) the subject matter (aim and scope) of the journal, (2) the target audience, and (3) peer review.	4
This means that scientific collaboration is the most common publication option in Journal of Information Science.	4
Comparing the institutionalization pathways that created the conditions necessary for continuous and strong growth in scientific productivity in the European center of global science emphasizes that the research university is the key organizational form across countries.	5
Twitter is a social network created in 2006, that brings together hundreds of millions of users around its minimalist concept of microblogging, allowing users to post and interact with messages known as 'tweets" (https://about.twitter.com/en_us/company.html, 2020).	0
The association between motivation and scientific discipline shows that the variable was significant for Facebook, LinkedIn, Blog-Wiki, YouTube-Vimeo, and ResearchGate-Academia.edu.	4
You may not further distribute the material or use it for any profit-making activity or commercial gain	0
Our gender comparison analysis begins with calculating the relative dropout rates across career ages in 19 fields, as illustrated in Fig.	3
It shows that not only the ABC has very small diversity but also that this problem only increases when the level of the career gets higher.	5
Of the total 164 ECs, 58 (35.4%; 95%CI, 27.7%-43.0%) were accessible.	4
Therefore, here I deeply explore the rights of manuscript submitters during peer review by interrogating several questions: First, what is the basis for a set of rights that we should recognize for manuscript submitters in the peer-review process?	1
The obtained results enable to observe that the co-authorship is linked to the scientific production and scientific impact of a researcher, suggesting that the environment in which a scientist is located may influence in some extend on his/her research activity.	5
Therefore the number of FA–GN entries is not an accurate measure of the number of sources of funding, which is an important consideration from a bibliometric perspective.	5
Data of publications indexed in Web of Science (WoS), an online bibliographic database currently managed by Clarivate Analytics, is retrieved with the usage of keyword ‘nanotechnology’ and filtered by research area 'engineering'.	2
aThis count includes only articles from faculty at graduate institutions included in the NRC Study.	0
The rank order of articles changes dramatically if citations are counted from only one of the six sections rather than from all sections (Table 1; see also Appendix Table A1 in Supplementary material for all articles).	4
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—Month 2016 5	0
The countries driving the research were considered those with which the first and last authors are affiliated; in the case of authors with multiple affiliations from different countries, all such countries were considered to be drivers.	3
Data were collected from the University's CRIS (“current research information system": a class of software systems commonly deployed to manage research resources at universities), which is described by Cantú-Ortiz and Ceballos (2010), as well as Clarivate Analytic's Web of Science (owned and operated by Thomson Reuters during the period of study).	2
In a study dedicated to a review of all scientific publications in the social sciences and humanities that were published in English and in a native tongue, carried out by Kulczycki et al.	2
We searched the papers in the Clarivate Analytics ISI database (www.isiknowledge.	2
Having in mind the ubiquity of the COVID-19 pandemic and the numerous ways it has affected people's lives, the fact that COVID-19-related papers represent only 2% to 7% of the total academic production in psychology may seem rather low.	4
Experiment 1: We used cosine similarity using the seed of word and identified the LA research studies from the top five research works to demarcate the studies related to LA and identify those that were not related to LA.	3
The results show that this reward is not effective and that under the performance contingency the number of respondents willing to become reviewers even decrease strongly, particularly for research productive scientists.	5
We apply this indicator to measure excellence in the research of Italian universities as a whole, and in each field and discipline of the hard sciences.	1
Across all age groups studied, all-female collaboration is marginal, while all-male collaboration is pervasive.	4
This article aims to present a comparative analysis of the journal coverage of the three databases (Web of Science, Scopus and Dimensions), with the objective to describe, understand and visualize the differences in them.	1
Subject similarity to the initial subject (SI): SI is used to measure to what extent the subject of an identified community in the extended network is similar to that of the initial network.	3
Where appropriate, chi-square tests were performed to assess the probability the differences in the percentages in the authors' responses among the journals were due to chance.	3
This research analyzed the data with descriptive statistics and network analysis in order to comprehend the strategies.	3
However, this paper does not represent the views of the CSC.	0
This indicates that the attention of scholars depends on the number of published items, and not on real time.	5
There is a strong correlation between the production in number of doctoral theses by CC.AA and the R&D projects granted to these autonomous communities (r> 0.92 and p <0.001).	4
The exclusion criteria were case reports, basic science publications and the work from the three MD/PhD-type RMS, to avoid skewing the data from these known outliers.	2
Female faculty were less likely to be involved in research than men counterparts.	5
Of 111 surgeons identified, there were 31 (27%) assistant, 39 (35%) associate, and 41 (36%) full professors.	2
This demonstrates that Chinese health law is still in its early developmental phases, possibly due to 2 reasons:	5
We found most papers did not follow the traditional citation profile mentioned in the earlier studies, as in Figure 1; rather, we identified the six different types of citation profiles based on the count and position of peaks in a profile.	4
More specifically, I compare the cases in which a female author would be referred to as "he" to the cases where a male author would be referred to as “she”.	1
The Composite Index includes more factors than the h-index does, such as international collaboration.	5
Over 80% of respondents agreed or strongly agreed that the need to evidence impact embeds impact from early project stages (n = 53) and that evidencing impact broadens the types of research impact captured (n = 56), beyond academic impact.	4
Mexico and the United States published 50% of all production, but Tunisia, Brazil, France and South Korea had an important number of contributions on Opuntia.	4
The identification of groups (clusters) of authors based on patterns in their co-authorship ties both within and across decades is carried out using network-analytical method called stochastic blockmodeling (SBM).	3
The search yielded 42,655 documents of diverse nature, primarily journal (36,068 - 84.56%) and conference papers (4,443 - 10.42%) (Table 2).	2
The Press has tried to approach this issue systematically and started by collecting details of all the potential channels for increasing discoverability, which can be seen in Table 3.	3
The predictive model did not outperform the actual editorial decision.	4
graduate's ability to perform research independently, meaning without the advisor or even completely alone.	3
It will be instructive to re-visit this analysis in future years or decades to determine how the field has changed.	0
The two most common metrics, number of publications and h-index, produced statistically significant contradictory results on the same data.	5
I am interested in determining how his practices differed from typical scientists of the time, and how they changed over time.	1
Alvin Vista, Graduate School of Education, 100 Leicester St, Parkville, Melbourne, 3100 VIC, Australia.	0
This study investigates the scholarly field of sustainability science between 2001 and 2021 from the perspective of 18 frequently cited journals.	1
Details on this derivation can be found in Appendix “Constraint refinement”.	0
To better understand the strengths and weaknesses, and to propose policy recommendations, regarding conducting high-quality clinical research in Shenzhen, China.	1
Dataset 1 consists of 119,794 unique titles with ISBN or E-ISBN of which 110,603 titles had a Library of Congress Subject Class (LCC) in OCLC (Tables 2, 3, adopted from Maleki, 2021)	2
The study uses a well validated bibliometric approach to undertake a quantitative analysis of research output in the ten leading countries in biomedical research in the MENA region on the basis of articles and reviews in the Web of Science database.	2
Highly cited researchers are those who satisfy two conditions: (1) whose total number of HCP lies above a certain threshold, adjusted in each category according to the size of the research field, as well as (2) a total number of citations to those HCPs enough to rank among all authors in the top 1% by total citations in the ESI field in which that researcher is considered.	3
This research is supported by the National Social Science Fund of China (17BGL089).	0
On 2022/09/30, CW surveyed journals classified as ‘Ecology’ or ‘Evolutionary Biology’ by Clarivate Journal Citation Reports, and PPottier supplemented this list with 13 multidisciplinary journals including Nature, Nature Communications, Nature Climate Change, Scientific Reports, Science, Science Advances, Communications Biology, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, PLoS Biology, Biological Reviews, Current Biology, eLife and Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B—Biological Sciences.	2
Results showed that the highest number of citations was related to sciences and subject areas that are deeper in research.	4
These data were retrieved from the departments' websites on December 18th 2012.	2
The simulation results suggest that it will not pay off to try to reach high accuracy in selection if it requires more investment to application writing and evaluation.	4
We also observed consistent gender bias at all stages: the majority of male scientists belonged to the leader archetype, while the larger proportion of women belonged to the specialized archetype, especially for early-career and mid-career researchers.	4
We identified documents about HIV indexed in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS-CC) from 2010 to 2017 by performing searches based on the following medical subject headings: HIV, HIV infections, acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and AIDS vaccines.	2
This paper examines country-specific factors that affect the three most influential world university rankings (the Academic Ranking of World Universities, the QS World University Ranking, and the Times Higher Education World University Ranking).	1
This study has analysed and characterized the research output of all the states and UTs in India.	5
The main lesson we learned was that there is no “region” in the sense of a community of scholars bonded by communication ties.	5
By 2005, this percentage decreased to roughly 10%.	4
The negative correlation with the Clustering Coefficient shows that the citation impact is negatively related with the fact that an author is embodied in compact and dense networks as in the case of well-defined research groups.	4
A binary logistic regression model was used to estimate the probability of disruption.	0
In an effort to explore theory, we reviewed the number of vascular publications listed in PubMed from 2010 to 2015 for US and European directors in vascular surgery.	1
We selected the 20 top journals in the "Life Sciences & Earth Sciences" category (e.g., Nature), the 20 top journals in the "Health & Medical Sciences" category (e.g., The New England Journal of Medicine), the 20 top journals in the “Surgery" subcategory (e.g., JAMA Surgery).	2
Received January 22, 2013; Accepted March 10, 2013; Published May 7, 2013	0
Experiments with the DBLP dataset demonstrate that the proposed method can achieve excellent classification performance.	4
To uncover how financial resources affect knowledge production, we study the effects of research spending itself.	1
2 School of Information Resource Management, Renmin University of China, Beijing 100872, China	0
The assessment of the document titles was conducted with the free online tool 'Wordle.'	3
In the final step, the documents were ranked by combining section weights with number of occurrences (frequencies) of co-cited (two) documents.	3
66% were aware of open access, while 34% had never heard of the concept before (Figure 7).	4
The objective of this research was to determine the macro-topological structure and the relationship between citation performance and centrality measures of co-authorship social networks of countries in the field of Nuclear Science and Technology from 2008 to 2010.	1
The total number of articles per country, publication types, and impact factors of the respective journals were tabulated to determine the quantity and quality of research in this field.	3
From Table 3, we observe that publication period P is certainly a non-neglectable factor to predict the citation counts C but also that Twitter mentions T shows equally significant correlations.	0
In this study, we focus mainly on the following two research questions, does OA have an advantage over Non-OA?	1
The patent applications are assigned to the region where the inventor resides.	2
This paper sought to ascertain if faculty at a small liberal arts university will view librarians as a resource for metrics, rankings, and information on the publishing process when libraries expand services to include assistance with journal rankings, research impact, and related issues.	1
Thus, this study examined whether there were differences in terms of scientific productivity or the visibility (both in terms of citations and social media metrics) of female and male scholars in the field of neuro-surgery.	1
of Societies Without Borders articles cited, and mean citations per document;	3
Similar factors (funding, stability and institutional arrangements) affect Ranking of National Higher Education Systems published by Universitas 21.	5
Our work questions the quality and veracity of the reference metadata harvested in Crossref and used by bibliometric platforms, such as Dimensions.	5
The higher the journal's impact factor, the better the journal's classification.	0
The prime objectives of this report were to determine the number and percentage of articles by year, authorship pattern, gender and geographical affiliation, ranking by subject and citation analysis.	1
As explained previously, we mapped the field of water research using three different approaches: as journal clusters (JJCR), as publications clusters through shared author keywords (SAK), and as publications clusters through shared word-reference combinations (TWCR).	3
(2) What are postgraduate researchers' views about publishing practices at public sector universities in Pakistan?	1
Through conducting a bibliometric analysis, the article presents the journal's publication and citation structure, prominent themes, significant author keywords and leading articles, authors, institutions and countries since its formation.	1
The experience of overseas Filipino scholars is an exemplar of outsider-to-insider positionality in publishing.	5
Table 1 Characteristics by year of publication outputs from 1999 to 2012.	0
Overall, we integrated 32 interviews from five countries in our analysis (DE: 13, FR: 7, JP: 1, SE: 4, UK: 7), which were either conducted in German or English.	2
In particular, two raters and one judge (who decided on the categorization in case of different categorizations between the raters) categorized the manuscripts into psychological (45.9%) and non-psychological manuscripts (54.1%).	3
The following numeric examples of realistic values for Cj,i can serve as an illustration:	0
The larger the ranking ability value corresponding to each index in Figure 2 is, the stronger the ranking ability of the index is.	4
More specifically, two publications are collected for each full professor of economics affiliated with an institution in the above group—his or her first pre-tenure publication in the American Economic Review (hereafter AER) and his or her most recent post-tenure publication in that same journal.	2
The network of coauthorship relations offers a perspective on the ranks and positions of countries which provides an alternative to ranking shares of publications and citations.	5
First, this paper reveals that the usefulness of altmetrics in the estimation of the (future) impact of an article depends on the discipline.	5
Section II describes how we built our dataset and presents descriptive statistics for the main variables.	0
The alternative results based on the (successive) department g-index show a substantial degree of compatibility with the official ones: four fifths of the departments in the data-set are either placed in the same ranking class as they were in the official evaluation or shift their position only incrementally, moving upward or downward with a single class.	5
A representative sample of the study population was obtained according to the Sample Size Calculator (Raosoft 2018) with 95% confidence.	2
We can observe, for example, that the author with the highest h-index occupies the 80th position using R?.	4
1a, in the past 35 years, papers on the urban health studies have grown from 490 during the year 1978–1982 to 2,431 during the year 2008–2012, with the peak of 2,750 during the year 2003–2007.	4
It is not surprising that there is a high correlation between IF-2012 vs IF-5-year and the h-index vs g-index, 0.746 and 0.897, respectively.	4
We assess the concern degree of social users on the Nature articles through the coverage analysis of Twitter and Facebook by publication year and discipline.	1
This allows for a deeper understanding of the role a country's research structure may play in shaping its economy, and also identification of benchmark resource allocations across disciplines for developing countries.	5
Note that we do not exclude shorter papers published in ECA as "Notes and Comments."	0
The 68 journals of orthopedics and traumatology listed in the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E) were ranked based on impact factor scores.	2
First, purposive sampling was used to select academics representing a range of disciplines within the political and social sciences in order to explore potential differences in perceptions of impact within and between different fields of expertise.	3
In this study, we present and discuss papers published in Scientometrics between 2000 and 2010 with the highest (positive) disruption index.	1
To avoid misunderstanding, I note that in Hirsch's first preprint versions the second inequality in (3) did not comprise the possibility h = c(h + 1) which made the definition not well defined in all cases.	0
On the basis of the total number of responses collected (227) at the two poster sessions (see Table 1), it is clear that many of the participants elected to provide responses to several questions.	2
The order of the regression models we estimate is as follows.	0
In management, researcher-researcher collaboration also ranked as the dominant collaboration type, followed by researcher-student collaboration.	4
While increasing collaboration and full-count publication rates go hand in hand for the top 1% most cited, ordinary scientists are engaging in more and larger collaborations over time, but publishing slightly less.	4
The cited articles alone account for 71% of economic research articles indexed by Web of Science.	2
The top two journals where the articles were most published were Journal of Refractive Surgery (n=16, 32.0%) and Journal of Cataract and Refractive Surgery (n=8, 16.0%), as presented in Table 2.	4
For content-based analysis of text reuse, we used the WCopyFind tool (described earlier).	3
But regis- tration of studies seems like a useful step in any case.	5
Our analysis then extends to long-standing and fundamental ideas about self-betterment expressed in the philosophy of Peter Sloterdijk.	1
This study on the citation and publication practices of institutional repositories revealed that the practice and discussion of this subject has been limited to the field of library and information science.	5
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The clusters in the legend are arranged in descending order of the total number of connecting among countries.	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
The identity of the candidates should not be disclosed in the final metrics' report, and an identification number should be assigned to each scientist.	3
In our mind, social factors should be considered, for example, each journal has unique submission guidelines to limit characters or words of article length.	5
Regression analysis at P < 0.05 shows that the second-order polynomial gives the best-fit curves for the USA/China publication projections into 2050 (R2 ≥ 0.97).	3
It also enabled the prediction of two hijacked journal websites before they became operational.	4
Regarding the statistical analysis, the mean and Standard Deviation (SD) were used to present the quantitative variables that followed a normal distribution, or by means of the median, Interquartile Range (IQR), if the distribution was not normal.	3
Thirdly, we aim to assess how accurately the referenced statements are in representing their evidence sources.	1
I examine anchoring effects using an interpretative analysis, using the idea of anchoring analogically (see, for example, Holton, 1998; Shelley, 2003; Swedberg, 2014).	3
2018) and 55% (compared to Ordu?a-Malea et al.	5
1 Department of Physics, University of California, San Diego, La Jolla, CA 92093-0319, USA	0
Correlation and p value were calculated with Phi to test the strength of explanation of the models.	3
The seed journals Biotechnology and Bioengineering, Nanotechnology and Genomics were used to delineate the fields.	2
In the studied period, the USA published the most articles in Chinese journals, far more than any other G8 country.	4
What is the evolution in the population of users of LIS literature by country of residence?	1
This study initially explored the relationship between publication pressure and QRPs.	5
Student in the Industrial Engineering Department at Penn State University, University Park, PA.	0
In this paper, we focus on the effects of digitalization on the supply side.	1
How can we feasibly reform academic publishing to make it more honest, efficient, and reliable?	5
Differences in outcomes by gender of authors appeared to matter somewhat.	5
Comprising more than 50 % of the included articles, basic biology and the detection of bacteria were the most prevalent topics.	4
Suggestions for future exercises include a pre-appointment procedure for panel members and statistical adjustments for the severity/leniency of raters.	5
This study obtained the scholar homepages of 287 ACM Fellows on the DBLP platform (https://dblp.org/search/author/api) through manual search.	2
Data were collected using a descriptive quantitative research design (Hair et al., 2010).	2
Fragments of A and B are seen in Tables 4 and 5.	0
Current analysis provides a scientific and technological evaluation for the development of the flour from the passion fruit peel through bibliometric indicators.	1
We employed all sources of relevant data from the Web of Science and Scopus databases and explored 453 results.	2
There are four main steps in a typical scientometric analysis: formulating questions, data retrieval, application of suitable scientometric methods and tools, and interpretation of the results.	0
Despite the above negative conclusions, citation counting by section may still be useful when applied to aggregate data or highly cited articles, when anomalies might be expected to cancel out (as is standard for citation analysis (van Raan, 1998).	5
This delay can mainly be explained by the lack of immediate relevance of those findings to the existing state of knowledge at the time of publication.	5
Maggioni, Teodora Erika Uberti & Annunziata de Felice (2012) Co-authorship and productivity among Italian economists, Applied Economics Letters, 19:16, 1609-1613, DOI: 10.1080/13504851.2011.646063	0
The journal-based distribution of publications in Figure 4a showed that the Journal of Nursing Management had the most publications (50 publications), followed by the Journal of Clinical Nursing (45 publications) and the International Nursing Review (39 publications).	4
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm	0
Papers are bookmarked immediately after publication, whereas citations need much more time to accrue.	5
1) but optimistic and unsafe for higher σ values (Fig.	4
Extraction of scientific publications which cite ALBA publications, namely (P1) publications, from relevant publicly available repositories of scientific publications (Lens PatCite);	3
From Scopus citation counts, Microsoft Academic citation counts and Mendeley reader counts for articles published 2007-2017, Microsoft Academic found a slightly more (6%) citations than Scopus overall and especially for the current year (51%).	4
If uo is a 2 × 1 vector of unit terms [using the terminology of Krauze and McGinnis (1979)], then aouo gives a totalized output vector (15 × 1).	3
As an alternative, this article proposes a method to search automatically for mentions of books in online academic course syllabi based on Bing searches for syllabi mentioning a given book, filtering out false matches through an extensive set of rules.	1
With the backing of the ScienceScape web solution, VoS- viewer is one of the primary bibliometric tools utilized in this study to assess the collected data.	3
Factor-analytic modeling demonstrated that the survey items load on the hypothesized latent constructs and also confirmed the presence of a second- order factor.	3
This paper made a bibliometric analysis of all publications of the JCEM journal and it hopes to contribute to the field of engineering.	5
First we calculated the contribution of the GS in the sample and found that 263 articles (6.7% of the TOTAL sample) have at least one (co)author from the GS.	4
ERGMs are a set of simulation-based statistical techniques where the goal is to identify the set of principles conceptualized as microstructures that concatenate to produce the observed network (Lusher et al., 2013; Robins et al., 2007, 2009).	3
I would also like to gratefully acknowledge the constructive feedback from three anonymous reviewers and Maria Kuteeva on earlier versions of this paper.	0
No institutional review board approval was required because such a study imposes no risks for human subjects.	0
This study mainly evaluates the influence of the ‘academic' software by three aspects, according to the original data from Depsy and the download, citation, and multiplexing of the software in Python software library.	1
However, for scientific novelty, our findings differ from previous studies by finding a positive U-shaped relationship between the percentage of women scientists and scientific novelty.	5
The data were gathered by means of an online questionnaire survey, which obtained 263 Chinese ECRs' responses.	2
To address the study's second research question, which investigates the ability of early usage counts and early Mendeley readership to predict future citation counts of an article, early usage counts and early Mendeley readership are operationalized as the cumulative counts within the first two years after publication, whereas future citations are measured by the cumulative counts within five years after publication.	2
From the Department of Emergency Medicine, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI.	0
This suggests that information disclosure facilitates the dissemination and diffusion of existing knowledge, providing valuable learning opportunities for scientists who have limited access to resources.	5
Funding This work is supported by the National Social Science Fund of China Grant No.	0
By mainly working with the hybrid model, journals are charging article publication charges to serve the interest of some authors or funders in publishing research results open access.	5
The height of a journals' open access fee did not correlate with the height of its Impact Factor.	4
This study sheds light on the important association between long-distance and cross-linguistic-border collaborations and academic impact.	5
We demonstrate that in two core Digital Humanities journals, CHum and LLC, single-authored papers predominate.	4
To assess the robustness of results to different specifications of our model of interest (see Eq.	3
Annals of Library and Information Sciences (ALIS) published in India carried the highest number of articles (165) followed by Journal of Library and Information Sciences (JLIS) from Taiwan.	4
This article supports this idea by examining in detail several, mainly retrospective examples.	1
This study analyzes the production and trends of research related to Opuntia through unidimensional bibliometric indicators, with the aim of allowing researchers and decision makers to focus, plan and direct research in those countries where the species is important, based on the results.	1
To get a full picture of the six disciplines, this study investigates the knowledge diffusion of the six disciplines of business research using a large dataset containing over 400,000 journal-to-journal citations for business journals published during 1997–2009.	1
This article examines co-authorship practices and discusses how changes in research culture affect co-authorship tendencies.	1
3 Share of total number of articles as measured by keywords	0
In addition, articles available in an open access format were more likely to be cited than non-open access articles.	5
For this analysis, I used the Latent Semantic Analysis package (Wild, 2020) in R (R Core Team, 2020) to remove punctuation, numbers, and stopwords such as “and”, “or”, “the”, and apply stemming to reduce words to their base form (e.g.	3
Received April 28, 2017; revised February 15, 2018; accepted April 3, 2018	0
To measure technical efficiency and to perform an empirical investigation of the determinants of researchers' efficiency in Canadian Business schools, we used the two-stage bootstrap data envelopment analysis approach (DEA).	3
The crucial question remains: What is the optimal way of evaluating research activity?	1
First Citation Discontinuance Time (FCDT): FCTD is calculated as the year of the first citation discontinuance minus the year of the first citation of a scientific paper.	3
We have also studied subgraphs in the genealogy network to identify supervision patterns, and found that most of the subgraph instances connect researchers within a single institution or subject.	4
In order to understand if equity is present in the selection process, in this paper we analyze in detail the profile of the titular members of the most prestigious academic institution of Brazil, the Brazilian Academy of Sciences (ABC).	1
A combination of top-down and bottom-up ways was adopted to construct the coding table, and there were 4 coders to make it.	3
This article is devoted to the case of highly cited researchers affiliated with French institutions.	1
On the basis of those data, I could not draw conclusions about (1) the societal impact of research or (2) other publication models besides the traditional model and the Author-Pay Open Access model.	2
In the first stage, we use a probit model to investigate the conditional probability of a proposal receiving funds (i.e.	3
Papers mainly written in English (3,769, 97.34%), were from 10,102 authors, 83 countries or territories, 2,033 organizations and published in 770 Journals and three book series.	4
* All molecular graphs in this paper are constructed and drawn using CorelDRAW?11.	0
Information about the open-access status of journals was obtained from the Directory of Open Access Journals on 17 May 2013.	3
We found that the differences in specialization between finance journals observed for only a few sources that show significant marked disciplinary.	4
During 2008 and 2009, TAMU's Department of Aerospace Engineering faculty authored 143 publications, which consisted of 105 journal articles and 38 conference papers.	4
The present study shows evidence to suggest that citation-based indicators of journal performance do not give an objective assessment of the intrinsic quality of science published in journals within the field of EEBS.	5
All articles were refined and standardized manually to avoid typographical errors and duplications in authors' names or institutions.	2
The Kolmogorov - Smirnov test and the Anderson – Darling test were performed to assess goodness-of-fit, and the PDs were ranked according to the goodness-of-fit.	3
Our overall hypothesis is that gender, ethnic and racial disparities in productivity are the critical factors contributing towards disparities observed in attrition in academia.	1
Following Hamermesh (2007), we distinguish between two types of replication studies: pure and scientific replication.	3
The aim of our study was to determine the impact of CEDD-NET on the transformation of multicenter studies into scientific publications and assess the academic characteristics of the studies that have been transcribed into publication.	1
Scientific societies are mainly focused on the promotion of a scientific discipline and they represent 73% of the universe of scientific associations (Table 2).	4
The classification labels for the automatic classification task were based on Chu and Ke (2017)'s classification system for LIS research methods, which was constructed using content analysis.	3
Consistent with expectations, Model 5 shows that SOCIAL PROXIMITY and BASIC ORIENTATION are negatively associated with the size of the network of domestic collaborations, whereas no effect is associated with INSTITUTIONAL PROXIMITY (that instead increases the likelihood of international collaborations).	4
Therefore, use of the zp-index in conjunction with the number of publications can provide a more accurate assessment of a new scientist's academic achievements.	5
All these researchers currently carry out their academic activity in Latin American countries (Argentina, Chile, Mexico, and Uruguay).	2
The main specification I estimate is an event study centered around the expiry month of a project period.	3
Out of the unique titles, 69% (353) are indexed in the JCR.	4
This article presents Google Trends, a web service providing detailed information on the Google search behavior of Internet users from all countries during the period 2004–2019 and illustrates the preference between Nature and Science.	1
To understand the current landscape and criteria that nurse scientists must navigate as part of their promotion and tenure process, and determine if “team science" is acknowledged or integrated into promotion and tenure criteria, this paper examines the appointment, promotion, and tenure (APT) guidelines for the 18 U.S. based schools of nursing with greater than $2 million in funding from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in FY14-15.	1
In order to examine the influence of the observed variables on research performance, a simple multiple linear regression model was examined.	3
Overall, these results lead to the conclusion that the academic discipline has a remarkable impact on the productivity of research and citations since we found that the hard disciplines are more productive and their publications are more cited than the soft disciplines at LAU-SoAS.	5
To field-normalize the metrics, we substitute the number of citations by the rank position of papers from one country in the global list of papers.	1
Co-authorship relationships were examined using social network analysis.	3
In summary, we consider that further efforts are needed to increase the accurate disclosure of funding sources by authors and the capacity of databases to collect this information.	5
We used VOSviewer for this purpose because it supports all the maps required for this study (Van Eck and Waltman 2010).	3
However, the extant literature has not considered that the effect of RC can not be efficiently assessed if the level of development of the research and innovation system (RIS) of the collaborating countries is disregarded.	1
This project is partially supported by a SARIF summer research assistantship from the Office of Research, The University of Tennessee, 2002.	0
Focusing on two basic networks—words and citations—various sequences or combinations of operations are discussed.	2
The first PC was mostly influenced by the number of articles in journals with impact factors, number of their citations, and the authors' h-index.	4
The calculated values in specific years are distributed on a scatter plot in Fig.	0
Open access publishing models that are currently applied by these publishers in fact closely build on traditional publishing models (using technology to improve distribution while models of funding and quality assurance remain essentially the same).	5
In the topical profile of LIS, the earlier strong emphasis on L&I services has declined notably, while S&PC has become the most popular topic.	5
In this case, the chosen topic was “marching cubes"3 and we built our example data set from a survey published in 2006, “A survey of the marching cubes algorithm”, by Timothy S.	2
This study investigated the determinants of manuscript submissions using list prices and OpenAPC data.	1
To find out what topics are considered in the social science fields, we aimed to investigate the state of social science research on COVID-19 by scientometric analysis, including scientific collaborations and impact, current research fields, and hot topics.	1
The present study utilizes the publication data of these countries to estimate their collaborative research levels.	1
The results for the average impact factors of the journals were significant: a meaningful increase was found in the treatment group over the control group in the journal impact factor.	4
The present study have examined co-authorship network of the authors in JRMS.	5
NIST's total scientific research expenditures, R+, are measured in terms of its intramural R&D budget as shown in column (3).	2
A total of 16291 scientific papers from 237 doctoral students and 126 mentors at Chinese universities were selected from databases, and a study dataset including 19 variables was constructed.	2
In summary, inter-gender collaboration can release further creativity and the potential of male and female scientists because their work can be disruptive or consolidative depending on the team structure.	5
The current article looks at Estonian international collaboration through a bibliometric perspective to understand how collaboration affects scientific output in terms of articles published, and citations received per article in Estonia during 2005–2015.	1
The authors of this paper, who did not conduct the interviews, coded data sets in MAXQDA using thematic analysis, “a method for identifying, analyzing and reporting patterns (themes) within data” (Braun and Clarke, 2006, p.	3
Via feature selection, we find that author- based features are critical in determining the number of accepted papers for an institution in the future.	5
We believe that the open tools we develop in this context will contribute to the empowerment of authors within Open Science.	5
We used the papers of the WoS from bibliometric in-house databases of the Max Planck Society (MPG) and the Competence Centre for Bibliometrics – both derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), and Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) provided by Clarivate Analytics (formerly the IP and Science business of Thomson Reuters).	2
National Cheng Kung University, Taiwan, was the most productive institution (219 documents; 1.8%).	4
To investigate the topic of reputation manipulation, we build on the concept of reputation-based reward systems and extend it by distinguishing between implicit reputation, which is uncodified, and explicit reputation, which is codified and centrally counted.	1
Our key finding is that although remote collaboration permits more new combinations of knowledge in principle, it also makes it harder for teams to integrate the pieces.	5
This study investigated how federal statistics is used in scholarly research, in a new type of citation analysis.	5
Having a large number of co-authors and occupying central positions are likely to positively affect scientific performance.	4
We found that the representation of the main branches of knowledge in multidisciplinary journals was uneven and, in general, not proportional to the global research effort dedicated to each branch.	4
Qualitative results were subject to a manifest content analysis whereby the researcher “describes what the informants actually say (or in this case, write), stays very close to the text, uses the words themselves, and describes the visible and obvious in the text" (Bengtsson 2016:10).	3
In order to have a representative picture of the field genesis, we extracted from Scopus all the articles published between 1965 and 1975 containing the keyword “DNA Repair".	2
The data provided above show increased overall activity in the fields of physics and chemistry of the Balkan region as a whole and significantly increased presence in the international publications.	5
My research field was defined as public health with a focus on health promotion and qualitative methods.	2
The author would like to thank An-Najah National University for all administrative assistance during the project's implementation.	0
From 1950 to 2019, 16,961 articles were published in WoS that had the term SA in the title, abstract or keywords.	4
Herein, we present one model of how a project-specific team science class oriented to the trainees on a big, collaborative project can address many of the challenges highlighted within the NRC report while enhancing student engagement and inclusion.	1
In this article, this analysis was carried out using global bibliographic databases Web of Science (WoS) [10], Scopus [11] and Chemical Abstracts Plus (CAplus) on SciFinder platform [12], and the Russian Science Citation Index (RSCI) [13].	1
Here, we test for differences in publication patterns between men and women in ecology, a field dominated by women at undergraduate levels (Martin 2012).	1
Figure 3: Proportion of publications commented in PubPeer with editorial notices by type of publishers and grouped by type of issue.	0
We evaluated 303 medical practitioners awarded a University of Sydney/ SMS PhD in 1989–2012 and their publications.	2
Not all nodes are visible in Figure 3 due to the limits of two-dimensional visualisation.	0
Semi-structured interviews employing a variation of the critical incident technique (Flanagan, 1954) were conducted in each faculty member's office.	3
Academic rank was coded into four categories (professor, associate professor, assistant professor, and other).	3
Strategic diagram analysis is mainly used to analyze the structure of research hotspots in a certain field and its changing trends.	3
First, we conducted a Bayesian hierarchical logistic regression analysis.	3
By using the Arrhenius (Philos Mag J Sci Ser 5(41):237–276, 1896) paper as a RPYS-CO marker paper, we selected only publications specifically discussing the discovery of the greenhouse effect and the role of carbon dioxide.	4
The experimental results show the capabilities of the year based EM-index and EM'-index over the year based h-indices.	4
Non-traditional activities were considered more important than traditional ones for science advancement (p < 0.01), and social impact (p < 0.01), whereas traditional activities were perceived to be more important only for career advancement (p < 0.01).	4
We analysed the full text of all journal articles returned to the education subpanel of the 2021 Research Excellence Framework (REF2021).	1
For RQ1, the citations extracted from GS, WoS and Scopus were matched as follows.	3
We thus recommend OMR to encourage more publications relevant to the fourth industrial revolution and to the sequels of COVID-19.	5
The primary limitation of this research is the number of journals studied.	5
When the ruins of the current civilization are excavated a few millennia hence, there will be no shards of pottery evident, but rather vaults filled with masses of typed lists, great heaps of swollen filing cabinets and whole mountains of neatly punched IBM cards.	0
2), we select from 4794 papers published between 2007 and 2014 the 100 most innovative papers (Fig.	3
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 617 times since 2011*	0
This article is only a case study, some results of this study are biased and cannot be generalized.	5
Although this is not a review of the h-index, some perspectives are provided of the h-index-related literature to place this case study within a wider context of the weaknesses and criticisms of using the h-index as a metric to evaluate scientific outcome.	1
Small (1973) provides one of the first applications of citation networks.	0
Diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) is a key priority for many organizations and institutions, including learned societies.	1
This case study illustrates the development and implementation of a semi-automated workflow for harvesting content into the ZU Scholars institutional repository.	1
The key findings from this survey show that similar decision-making processes tend to be used by all funders and there are many nuances and challenges to these processes.	5
Using overlay visualization, we anchor the relevance of the keywords over time.	3
D. Mitchell of the Department of Physiology, University of the Witwatersrand, to use the log method of calculation.	0
The resulting cited references were analyzed using the 'Analyze Results' tool to compare the data quantitatively by year, country, language, organization, WoS category, and source.	3
Further, burst detection algorithm is applied on keywords appearing in the titles of the South Asian ICT scholarly papers to understand the emerging trends in the ICT research domain.	3
Despite declining funding over the last 10 years, surgeon scientists have demonstrated increasing productivity as measured by impactful publications and higher success rates in converting early investigator awards to R01s.	5
In particular, the bibliometric software CiteSpace was used to analyse the hot issues and research fronts based on all articles.	3
Ehsan Geraei, Department of Knowledge and Information Science, School of Literature and Humanities, Lorestan University, Khorramabad, Iran.	0
We find a negative shift of the production function for new scientific knowledge, and that shift might reflect the coincidence of the information and communication technology revolution that enabled fast science, and the evaluation of research with uncritical use of citation counts that created incentives to focus on incremental research in crowded research topics.	4
The paper moves the needle in our understanding of the governance of knowledge development in a PPP by highlighting a public agency’s governance of knowledge development that acted as the foundation of a market-forming activity.	5
This currently relevant approach provides an opportunity to recognize the classic articles on sleep, to provide useful insights into international leaders, and to describe research trends in the field of sleep medicine.	5
Focus groups were held and recorded at the University of Split School of Medicine (USSM) in the after-work hours during April and May 2017.	2
The coefficient of scientific reputation is positive and significant in Model 2, while the coefficients of disciplinary knowledge diversity and its squared term are significant in Model 3.	4
The publisher analysis revealed that 98% of the 111,312 delayed OA articles were published by three of the six publisher categories: 52% by scientific societies or professional associations, 33% by commercial publishers, and 13% by university press publishers.	4
Absolute score consists of the absolute number of appearances for a given author, regardless of the author's share in the publication.	3
To maintain scholarly integrity in the age of bibliometrics, we cannot count on professional ethics of law schools and scholars alone given the material consequences likely to accompany favorable bibliometrics.	5
The rhythm indicator of science is a contribution to the evaluation methodology for scientist-level and journal-level scientific impact.	5
This work was partially presented at the Congress of the Continental European Division of the IADR in Thessaloniki, Greece, 26-29 September 2007.	0
3114 (65%) professors have undergraduate degrees from high-income countries.	4
The keywords “human resource management" and "healthcare organization" were used as search topics.	2
Statistical analysis was performed to determine the overall mean number of authors per article over time, impact of ICMJE guidelines, authorship frequency per journal, country of origin, article type and language of publication.	3
We also briefly present Abbott's and Foucault's ideas and how they inform this study.	0
Two large databases were merged: the data from an official national administrative and biographical register of all Polish scientists and scholars and the metadata from the Scopus publication and citation database for the decade of 2009–2018.	2
It supports the execution of basic queries (e.g., full read, random read, and batch random read), set-oriented queries (e.g., superset, subset, equality, overlap, range, inlink, and co-inlink), and some advanced queries, such as edge reciprocal and hub and authority.	1
In this study, we look at three of the most prestigious premier peer-review decision-making exercises in India, the SSB Prize, and election Fellowship of the Indian National Science Academy, New Delhi and the Indian Academy of Sciences, Bengaluru.	1
RQ4a: To what extent do pseudo-external hyperlinks refer to health-related content com- pared to genuine external hyperlinks?	1
Our results only apply to the literature in the SCI-EXPANDED.	5
Sport Sciences scientific production published in Chile began in 1912 with the publication of the Revista de Educación Física.	5
This paper studies collaboration patterns in the multidisciplinary field of higher education across different world regions.	1
These are not shown in this table for the sake of space.	0
Commercial inquiries or rights and permissions requests should be directed to the individual publisher as copyright holder.	0
In Section 4 the experimental results are discussed, and finally the conclusions and future work are presented in the Section 5.	0
Similarly 35 papers out of 223 did not fit the model well.	4
Over the 1998–2009 period, lead articles consistently have higher citations than articles that appear later in the same journal.	5
Central findings are: The distribution across document types of cited versus citing documents is highly asymmetric.	4
Three of the global impact factor indices journal title values showed a high correlation to each other: the ISI JCR and SNIP (N=8121, R= 0.7674); the ISI JCR and SJR (N=8136, R=0.877); and the SNIP and SJR (N=11669, R=0.7438).	4
Data on AI-related articles published between 2000 and 2019 were collected from Elsevier's Scopus, using the Scopus web interface.	2
Table 2 shows the most common way relationships formed was through being introduced to Chinese co-authors by a fellow researcher, or via the network mechanism of transitivity, accounting for 27.8% of the sample.	4
We gathered information on the journals' Hirsch indices (h indices), SCImago Journal Rank (SJR), Impact Factor (IF), and base countries as of 2019, processing and publication fees, open access fees, time to first decision, and time from acceptance to publication.	2
Mmale = 0.89, SD = 0.66, t (5430) = 3.693, p = 0.000).	4
What components influence Google SEO according to online SEO websites analyzing tools?	1
Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain.	0
Ellison (2013)'s data consists of lists of papers and their citations downloaded from Google Scholar and author data collected separately for the top 50 US economics departments.	2
Ultimately, we feel that the question of e-waste is a question of HCI too.	5
The expectation that research should have impact at an almost general level of aggregation could be unique to the SSA context.	5
Our analysis shows that the members of the ABC concentrates 80% in the Southeast region and that the overwhelming majority is composed by men.	4
Therefore, to overcome this problem of simultaneity, this study uses the instrumental variable and the 2SLS method.	3
Distribution of K Awardees Receiving an RO1 or U10 Grant Over Time	0
The official websites of publishers had 16.0% incidence of mislabelled reviews, which was less than Scopus (29.3%) but more than WoS (14.1%) and PubMed (1.9%).	4
U.S. academic neurosurgeons with multiple existing profiles on Scopus experience a 17.3% loss in h-index, a 16.2% loss in document number, and a 14.1% loss in citations, heavily undercounting their perceived academic productivity.	5
In this research we found inclusion of at least one basic science author to be strongly associated with publication in high-impact journals.	5
The most striking result was seen in the WoS data for Indonesia that showed a sharp inflection in the proportion of conference papers in national output starting after 2011.	4
The five general medicine journals with the highest IFs in 2014 were: New England Journal of Medicine, IF = 55.8, Lancet, IF = 45.2, JAMA, IF = 35.3, Annals of Internal Medicine, IF = 17.8, BMJ, IF = 17.4.	4
To analyze the qualitative and quantitative data, we used four methods: archival analysis, descriptive social network analysis, network visualization, and quadratic assignment procedure (QAP) to explore the interrelations among the three focal relations.	3
The duration was calculated for each published article defined as the time from being rejected from this journal to being accepted in the other journal in terms of months.	3
Based on the key results we achieved, we may conclude that the most productive Eastern European countries in computer science are Poland, Russia, Czech Republic, Romania, Hungary, and Slovenia.	5
For bibliometric data, we used MathSciNet data, which is produced by Mathematical Reviews under the auspices of the American Mathematical Society.	2
This paper therefore aims to answer the following questions: a) Have there been changes in the values of the bibliometric indicators adopted by GSM between April and November?	1
This suggests that NIRF is unable to capture the various random multiplicative processes involved in finding a performance score.	5
As of 2015, China's CPI, DCPI and FCPI have shown an upward trend, indicating that China's development is faster and the gap with other countries is decreasing.	4
We first constructed a database consisting of attributes of each article published in EPP from 2000 until 2012.	2
A total of 3784 articles were published in the 4 representative journals: 1358, 1128, 685, and 613 articles in Spine, EUS, TSJ, and JNS spine, respectively.	2
In 1956 and 1957, two and three issues were published, respectively.	0
The average APC over the 595 journals was 1255 ± 612 (mean ± SD) in USD.	4
Among the twelve actions that professors use significantly more frequently are seven actions that imply the writing of some original text.	4
The analysis reveals positive trends, indicating that Malaysia is making significant strides toward embracing OA publications, particularly gold OA.	5
The New England Journal of Medicine had the highest number of citations and the highest TLS, and was the most cited and influential journal in the field of COVID-19 vaccine research.	4
The article's third and final contribution is to show that even a grant with a relatively modest budget and time horizon can afford the idealized research experience—a protected space—when scientists find themselves in an institutional context characterized by an increasing shortage of it.	5
Moreover, the Web of Science (WoS) is selected as the data source due to the reason that it is an excellent platform for researchers to learn more about a considerable amount of papers in the world.	2
These indicators can answer the following question: Among all the papers published in reputable journals worldwide (measured by AC or Q1JIF), how many of them come from a specific country?	3
[RQ3] How is it possible to merge the paper indexed in two different databases and still use the paper citation-based impact information in a unified manner?	1
Compared to the main path analysis, we conclude that intermediacy offers a more principled approach for tracing the historical development of scientific knowledge.	5
This correlation is probably related to the requirements for publication associated with university employment.	0
The total sample covers 2318 respondents and their characteristics are presented in Table 1.	2
The supplementary material for this article can be found at https://doi.org/10.1017/gmh.2022.37.	0
1 Partial data on the annual percentages of uncited papers and annual values for all kinds of determinant from the 30 international periodicals	0
Predatory publishing was rarely addressed directly by the libraries in the Latin America sample; however, all discussed self-archiving and/or Open Access.	4
A semantic linkage technique implemented in RIS opens for scientists a new dimension for scientific creativity.	5
The present study builds on a subset of the 40 CoEs encompassing 10 centers, which had at the time been operating under continuous funding from the Linnaeus grant for a time period of 8–10 years.	2
The quality of a publication is basically measured according to the impact factor of the venue (journal or conference) where it gets published.	4
On August 12, 2016, the first author immediately contacted Prof.	3
Participants: Five hundred and twenty-five biomedical researchers who were in employment on 31 December 2009.	2
In information and library science, in the multidisciplinary field: SS, as well as in psychology most of the articles were published in non-CEE journals during the more recent period.	4
The problem with Scopus is that it does not include research conducted many years ago, so it is only useful to evaluate the career of relatively young scientists.	2
And hence it does not appear in any mathematical relation involving the use of operations like multiplication, division, etc.3	0
The change due to the appointment of new AER editors, we find, is not an indicator of editors' personal taste in topics, but rather indicates the desire of those who appoint editors to premediate trends in other Top 5 journals.	4
This paper examines to what extent this critique applies also to patent citation networks when the aim is to characterise technical progress in a specific technological field.	1
Surprisingly, no descendants were identified for Carlos Chagas, probably because his descendants were clinical doctors and therefore were not classified as protozoologists according to the criteria used in this study.	0
The AIM's own website was a primary source, as was Google Scholar.	2
Thus, we extend the Conway-Maxwell Poisson counts model and a negative binomial counts model by incorporating productivity as a person-covariate.	3
Received February 7, 2012; revised March 16, 2012; accepted March 19, 2012	0
By taking ρ >= 0.6 as a cut-off criterion, we found that biology, computer science, chemistry, engineering, and exact sciences were those that best correlate with the economic complexity of countries.	4
Author affiliation was obtained from the addresses provided under the articles in the publications.	0
Is it possible to detect, from bibliographic information alone, structural alterations and significant events within these processes that may indicate breakthrough discoveries?	1
As confirmed in our case study analysis, the h-index can be viewed as an almost-exact function of C, C1,T and T?, through hww, i.e.	5
As for the results, perhaps the biggest surprise was the marked difference between Sweden and Italy in terms of their openness to foreign researchers, see Fig.	5
This survey study used linkage of a Scopus-based database on top-cited US researchers (according to a composite citation metric) and the National Institutes of Health REPORTER database of federal funding (33 biomedical federal agencies).	2
Moreover, equal authors who contribute similarly and obtain a similar utility from publishing the manuscript (i.e., P?) results in an average IAU rate of around 8%.	4
We aimed to estimate the total annual funding available for health research in India.	1
Table 4 contains the one-year impact factor calculated by the researcher using ISI Web of Science.	0
The research question: What is the current knowledge structure and development of publications on nursing and COVID-19?	1
As a result of t-test, international paper has higher value of MrnIF of article than domestic paper in GRL and BRL programmes.	4
By addressing these questions, this study aims to reveal the current state of research and potential directions for future studies in advancing sustainable urban development.	1
This study considers the three basic centrality measures—degree, close and betweenness centrality.	3
The citation network is constructed iteratively using metadata retrieved from Elsevier Scopus using the Scopus API [application programming interface] and custom Python scripts.	2
Namely, we consider institutional prestige (I), productivity (P), measured by the number of papers published within the first 3 career years, and the citations received within the first 3 career years (C).	3
The published error rate (PER) for each journal was calculated by dividing the sum of total number of published errors by the sum of total number of publications over the same period.	3
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
For the figures below, a number equivalent to the maximum cocitation count in each author’s profile was placed in the matrix diagonals to approximate the count of articles that cocite at least two of that author’s works.	0
We have also found that past journal ratings conducted by the Handelsblatt and the GEA directly affect journals' reputation among German economists and indirectly also their perceived relevance.	5
Although the findings are not consistent across age cohorts and indicators of internationalization, the overall trend is that international collaboration tends to decline with increasing age.	4
The analysed sample consists of 353 researchers in the SH2 group, including every successful grant winner in the programme since its launch in 2008.	2
1 Chinese Academy of Science and Education Evaluation, Hangzhou Dianzi University, Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China	0
In terms of disciplinary differences, there are statistically significant differences in the (field and year normalised) average number of citations for articles with different numbers of authors in the four areas examined (Fig.	4
Boldface indicates a statistically significant difference, which was defined as p <0.05.	0
(2) Are stated preference journal ratings more closely related to unweighted citation metrics (those that do not account for the impact of each citing journal) or to weighted citation metrics (those that do account for the impact of each citing journal)?	1
The encouraging factor, resulting from pleasant experiences of faculty members, was categorized as the theme of creating a scientific community and the inhibiting factor resulting from unpleasant experiences of co-authorship was categorized as the theme of reduced quality of research.	4
Here we compare AA and CA only with respect to their lapse time distributions observed on 10 core analytical journals in the past decade.	0
Data from Altmetric.com was incorporated from a static dataset provided by Altmetric under a research license, with data covering up to October 2019.	2
We analyzed citation metrics and country of authorship.	3
Specifically, main path analysis (MPA) method is adopted to reveal the knowledge diffusion trajectories and research fronts in the PR field.	1
Useful comments of the anonymous referees that helped sharpen the paper are greatly appreciated.	0
After the hurricane season, in T3, the collaboration network increased by 152% to 491 authors.	4
We conducted simulations using input values based on comprehensive meta-analyses and reviews in applied psychology and management (e.g., strategic management studies) to determine the extent to which two forms of HARKing behaviors might plausibly bias study outcomes and to examine the determinants of the size of this effect.	1
To legitimate the proposed method, an experimental study has been made on 89 scientists publication data, who are working in scientiometrics and bibliometrics fields.	2
Our study hopes to take advantage of the recent research lines opened by Kay et al.	3
The second evaluation tool selected was the Journal Evaluation Rubric created by Nataly Blas, Shilpa Rele, and Marie R.	3
For some of the journals listed on Web of Science (WoS) or Scopus, journal impact was obtained directly from the citations as previously described (Hunt et al., 2011; Watson et al., 2012).	3
1 Neighbourhood size of the hexagonal and rectangular SOM lattice (Vesanto et al.	0
Figure 1: The three-level review system for academic journals in China	0
The Journal of Geography, as the flagship publication of the National Council for Geographic Education, seeks to publish the best in geography education research regardless of its origin.	5
Please note that the journal volume classes are defined similarly to that in Table 3.	0
We want to ask you about your use of phone (including conference calls), letters (including paper memos), fax, voice mail, face-to-face, and e-mail (including Web pages and bulletin boards).	0
In this work we propose a solution, testing various scaling factors for the distributions of research productivity in 174 scientific fields.	1
In this study, ECRs are defined as follows: "Researchers who are generally not older than 35, who either have received their doctorate and are currently in a research position or have been in research but are currently doing a doctorate.	3
We also extracted 14 topics by using the topic modeling method, which could help researchers to have an overview of this emerging research stream.	5
Overall, we analyze data from 12,964 papers that list 83,619 authors, of which 70,734 are unique individuals.	2
Figure 3 shows the co-occurrence network of the frequently appeared author keywords (a threshold of 5).	3
Second, while the role of women scientists in patenting remains small, it has grown over time in both nanotechnology and the whole technology world.	5
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Herein, we evaluate the use of a new field-normalized article-level metric developed by the National Institutes of Health (NIH), known as the relative citation ratio (RCR), among American Shoulder and Elbow Surgeons (ASES) fellowship faculty and analyzed physician factors associated with RCR values.	1
We visualised the subjects of these publications using a term map showing the most significant terms occurring in the titles and abstracts of publications on maternal mortality.	3
Our sample is a set of 1,436 articles, published in the Journal of Environmental Economics and Management between 1974 and 2010.	2
To achieve the above-mentioned aims, the present study tries to answer the following questions:	1
The methodological approached is based on an extension of the Oaxaca-Blinder decomposition, named multivariate decomposition for nonlinear response models.	3
It was interesting to note that many publishers believed that the market was not particularly sensitive to the APC amount.	4
Unsurprisingly, the functional citation counts and raw citation counts of papers in the AAN are positively correlated with a high Spearman's p ranking correlation coefficient of 0.83 (p <0.0001).	4
Section IV signifies a case study of the CORES illustrating the computation of document similarity in a comprehensive way.	0
Firstly, as observed in previous research, within each year the shapes of sub-field citation distributions are strikingly similar.	4
The subject areas/ categories were selected based on the eight categories listed in Google Scholar (https://scholar.google.ca/ citations?view_op=top_venues&hl=en).	2
The sample included four classes, and three types of data were collected to evaluate student experiences, including a social network survey administered in each course, student reflections on what they had learned during the course, and a survey completed by alumni on their capstone experience.	2
The largest numbers of publications come from the three most populous countries, Turkey, Romania and Greece.	4
The total number of original articles retrieved from SCI-E was 3362 from 1994 to 2015.	2
We compiled lists of synonyms for the two major assessment criteria of ‘vitality' and 'sustainability' using Thesaurus.com.	3
All content following this page was uploaded by Mike Perkins on 24 April 2024.	0
Because download statistics are not managed in a transparent way by impartial arbiters, it is reasonable to ask whether publisher-supplied data on downloads can be reliably compared across publishers.	1
As seen by readers first, the title of an article has the core information that authors would like to express.	0
The study's findings are a testament to the power of bibliometric analyses in informing researchers, industry professionals, and policymakers about the landscape of scientific research.	5
The work of de Solla Price on growth rates of large areas of knowledge is well known and needs no further discussion here.	0
Female faculty were less likely to be involved in research than men counterparts.	5
We entered information regarding each fund's guidelines and criteria into a Google Form (see Appendix B).	0
Which institutions and nations are IJLM authors the most frequently affiliated with?	1
Some research has shown that preprints tend to be of similar quality to their final published versions in journals [7].	4
What is the expected uncertainty on the predictions made by the bibliometric indicators?	1
In this paper, its predictive power is investigated and tested statically and dynamically using publications in the field Nanotechnology for Engineering for a period 1989–2014.	1
IW is a dimensionless indicator that emerges from the graph-theoretic properties of the citation network.	5
The results show that those universities that educate doctoral students, who are then hired by Chilean and Korean institutions, are central in the global research collaboration network of the ten selected institutions; highly ranked institutions will have a higher centrality in the research collaboration network than those universities with lower rankings or unranked institutions.	4
The vocabularies of astronomy, economics, political science, and sociology were newly assembled for this study, also using the OED Online (2020).	2
The most productive countries in the field of Legal Medicine were the USA (12.448, 32.045%).	4
We present a formal definition of the discipline classification problem so that the effectiveness of our framework can be evaluated.	1
This is displayed graphically as the dashed lower curve in Figure 1.	0
This article analyses internal scientific outputs with respect to the size of university's science team.	1
Of the top 100 articles cited, 78% were published in 1997 and later.	4
Editor’s Note: This Manuscript was accepted for publication December 4, 2014.	0
In this study, we employ link prediction to discover missing links (overlooked collaborations) and the links that could appear in the future (new collaborations).	3
The coding of regions follows the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) “definition of regions with a view to the execution by the Organization of regional activities”.	0
The variable hit is called the relative transition path and it measures the weighted coefficients δit in relation to the panel data so that an individual path is traced for each country i relative to the average panel data.	0
First, we will explore the feasibility of applying an existing rating framework previously used to systematically assess referencing quality in medical papers onto mental health policy documents, and to make any necessary modifications.	1
This study evaluates the success of graduate students in psychiatry in an emerging country, in terms of the quantity and quality of their publication productivity (given by the number of papers and impact factors of the journals in which they publish).	1
Our findings confirm that indicator-based evaluations are sensitive to differences among fields and show that it is very difficult to determine types of valuable outputs across the academic spectrum, without privileging one field above others.	5
To cite this article: Siri Brorstad Borlaug & Liv Langfeldt (2019): One model fits all?	0
In conclusion, the free-to-publish modality of open repository articles had the highest average metrics measured in this study, including citations and readership, indicating the importance of its utilization in TKA literature.	5
For the period 1985–2013, the total number of unique IL documents retrieved was 340.	2
The proposed typology includes the following patterns: original, conceptual, organic, juxtapositional, peripheral, persuasive, acknowledgment, perfunctory, inconsistent and plagiaristic.	4
Based on the GEKS method, Liaoning province had the highest price level of medical services with an SPI of 118.7, which means the price level of Liaoning was 18.7% higher than that in Shanghai, whereas in Guangxi province the price level was the lowest with an SPI of 68.22 and medical services were priced at 68.22% of that in Shanghai.	4
We use two indicators to measure the role and importance of countries in the global collaboration network.	3
At the time of sampling (October 20th, 2012), OpenDOAR listed over 2217 repositories worldwide.	2
Specifically, participants improved in diagnostic accuracy, diagnostic confidence, and diagnostic precision.	5
This paper studies the relation between the reference list of a scientific publication and its citation impact.	5
It is essential for library subject specialists to understand unique journal usage within the local context of their institution's programs and departments.	5
There is notable variation in the level of gender disparity within subjects across countries.	4
From the results above, it is clear that the institutions with more international academic collaborations are more likely to move up their rankings by increasing Twitter counts.	4
Regression models and network analysis show the advantages of personal research seniority and cross-disciplinary coordinating capabilities for researchers to diffuse knowledge from one region to another.	3
Using ResearchGate, Google Scholar, Academia.edu, LinkedIn, ScienceDirect, and lab or personal websites, we were able to compile a bibliography for a large sample of "won't publish" signatories.	2
The opinions expressed in the paper are the author's and do not necessarily reflect the views of the NSF.	0
Study I participants were instructed to imagine reviewing a journal manuscript as either a coauthor or peer reviewer and rate the extent to which they would request clarification from the author when encountering potential QRPs.	2
groups significantly differed from Pharm.D.-only in all measures for both Scopus and Web of Science.	4
Parameter estimates for the remaining attributes, that is TIMELINESS, RISK, and PASTEURESQUENESS, are not stat- istically significant in either model version.	4
Manuscript type was independently associated with number of citations (β 1.04, p-value <0.01).	4
Science and Public Policy, volume 29, number 1, February 2002, pages 59-68, Beech Tree Publishing, 10 Watford Close, Guildford, Surrey GU1 2EP, England	0
Starting from two short comments on the NI (Haunschild & Bornmann, 2015a, 2015b), we undertake an empirical analysis of the NI using comprehensive country data.	1
Hungarian Journal of Behavioral Addictions has the highest rank in terms of journal quartile (Q2).	4
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 1355 times since 2006*	0
This study demonstrates that the publication requirements for PhD students in natural sciences, social sciences, and medicine have experienced a notable increase since the 2000s.	5
Overall, 25 journals were included for the final analysis, and 289 original articles were evaluated for dates of submission, acceptance, and online/print publication.	2
Conversely, the percentage of papers that involved collaboration with countries outside Africa increased from 46% in 2000 to 63% in 2019.	4
A bibliometric keyword analysis for each database revealed that articles contained the highest numbers of mentions of PubChem, ChemSpider and Reaxys, whereas SciFinder was mentioned most often in review papers (Table VII), which can be attributed to the greater scope of original literature coverage in SciFinder that is needed for writing review papers.	3
We employ a new method to analyze the current pecking order of finance journals.	1
Table 4 shows the three largest groups of substances actively used in molecular research related to nervous system diseases during the period 1965–2011.	4
In the AHP sector, there was an increase in the use of self-citations in the 2013 session.	4
Journal Citation Reports (JCR) was used to identify all biomedical journals and all radiological journals (assigned a JCR category of "Radiology, Nuclear Medicine, & Medical Imaging"), along with journal IF, in 2003 and 2014.	2
The data for the study were retrieved from two bibliographic databases, Web of Science and Scopus, which are the most common collections of scholarly publications used in bibliometric and scientometric studies (Mongeon & Paul-Hus, 2016).	2
We selected three distinct disciplines: information systems (IS), applied linguistics (AL), and electrical engineering (EE) to "represent a broad cross-section of academic practice" (Hyland 2003).	2
Surprisingly, perhaps, while nearly all researchers thought it was an important issue, nobody really said trustworthiness was a big or pressing issue, even in the wake of a massive digital transition and considerable market disruption.	4
Next, we present our data and analytical approach and then give a short description for each of the centers in our study.	0
This study would not be possible without the administrative support of the Cornell University Library.	0
Figure 3 shows a typical dispersion area for the (q t,q r) indicator pair.	0
1 Adjusted dominance networks g' among the top French research institutions built for dominance relations in fundamental biology, with $ = 1 and with citations as the proxy for impact	0
Neurology India / May 2015 / Volume 63 / Issue 3	0
Factor analyses were conducted to determine the extent to which items measured unique constructs.	3
This paper reports a word frequency analysis of 874,411 English article titles from 18 different Scopus natural, formal, life and health sciences categories 2009–2015 to assess the likelihood that research on obscure (rarely researched) topics is less cited.	1
Data on doctoral dissertations and panel members' identities are available in TESEO1 database.	2
students; temporarily employed postdocs/new professors; scholars with permanent employment) with regard to epistemic, pragmatic, and personal motives.	1
To assess the true causal effect of status, this study builds on two randomized experiments to investigate how status affects the evaluation of new technology in the context of university technology licensing.	1
Our initial sample of 6,288 Canadian nanotechnology patents cite 50,504 distinct patents which lead to a citation network composed of 56,454 vertices and 100,467 edges.	2
The contribution analysis of the countries publications was performed based on the journal articles in which the address and affiliation of at least one author were provided.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 23 times since 2006*	0
The thematic analysis is evidenced by two sources of data: First, a bibliometric analysis highlighting core topics within the past 20 years is presented.	3
The overall cognitive relatedness of micro clusters to Big Data core publications are measured based on the mean citation generation of all the publications in corresponding clusters.	3
An ad hoc questionnaire was prepared to conduct the survey.	2
The 553 invitations we sent yielded a response of 194 (response rate: 35.08%), including 13 entries by respondents that filled out the survey more than once.	2
Table 2 Number of disciplines in which the countries have core membership	0
In our setting, the players of the game are a manuscript author and his or her editor, while the model is intended to capture the interaction between them.	2
In contrast to #Cit, ASP, that is computed based on the eigenvector centrality, considers both direct and indirect citations, and provides steady-state evaluation cross different disciplines.	3
Here we see one of many possible paths for an article in the decoupled journal.	0
The Science Citation Index Expanded provided by the Thomson Reuters Institute for Scientific Information Web of Knowledge was searched in December, 2011, and 128 journals were identified in the subject category "Psychiatry."	2
Two separate analyses were conducted, one is to the paper's titles and another one to the journal's names.	3
In this article, we address the question of "drawing science" by taking advantage of the massive digitization of scientific production, and focusing on its body of knowledge.	1
The entire set of 236 JCR subject categories delineating scientific fields is investigated and the differences between the JIFs of the journals that sit on the thresholds of quartile classes are examined.	2
The paper intends to help scientific authors to make the best choice of journals in which to publish, by describing and comparing journal features in the area of oncology.	1
Simple models based on cumulative advantage, although consistent with overall citation distributions, are not easily reconciled with the observed distributions of beauty coefficients.	5
Only journal articles that were peer reviewed and in which the faculty was listed as first author were used in the analysis.	2
The author is president of the Institute for Scientific Information, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19106.	0
The remaining papers were characterised by their major fields, based on a scheme originally developed by CHI Research Inc.	3
The problem of interdisciplinarity and polyparadigmality studies in contemporary linguistic research, as we have shown, can be solved using quantitative methods based on the corpus approach.	5
The purpose of this study was to identify core journals and other types of literature cited in four major pediatric nursing journals and to characterize coverage of these resources in major bibliographic databases.	1
We then fed the processed full-text data into SenticNet, a state-of-the-art concept-level sentiment analysis program (Cambria, Poria, Bajpai, & Schuller, 2016).	3
The findings section is structured around the ways in which early career academics in political science and history deal with the tension between career aspiration and market uncertainty by using appraisal devices in the form of assessors.	0
Like most journal indicators, the Technological Factor (TF) of a journal is calculated on an annual basis, using citations from families of patent applications published in a particular year to papers published in the 5 previous years.	3
associations of geologists, geographers or biochemists) or interdisciplinary (for instance, trade unions of university teachers or associations of grant holders).	4
This situation is paradoxical in the sense that the impact of university rankings has increased at the same time as a growing number of academic researchers have converged to the conclusion that the methodological problems and the unintended negative consequences of rankings exceed their potential benefits, even though not all of them recommend abandonment of university rankings altogether.	1
Overall, then, no signs of a move towards Open Science/Web 2.0, with Chinese researchers seemingly wedded, perhaps, chained, to the traditional system and time-honoured ways of doing things.	5
The drug-patent linkage data was accessed through the USFDA Orange Book, covering a drug's active ingredient, formulation, or methods of use for approved indications.	2
The authors wish to thank Balázs Schlemmer for his creative assistance in preparing the ‘scientographical’ maps of this paper.	0
As expected, authors whose manuscripts received a desk rejection were less likely to make such revisions compared with authors whose manuscripts were rejected after a full review by referees.	4
To filter out “cameo authors,” an author is considered as a valid IS researcher if she has at least two papers in any of the aforementioned eight journals.	2
Eighty-six percent of respondents were interested in conducting research.	4
In the impact analysis, this study assumed that the numbers of book reviews, library holdings, and citations all reflect academic impact while Amazon metrics and Goodreads metrics reflect the social impact of books.	3
We also examined characteristics linked to whether authors were asked by the journal publishing the article to make extensive revisions prior to acceptance.	1
We sourced the data from the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) database [14].	2
However, the delayed OA policy has no obvious improvement on the OA effects.	4
The rate of a journal’s uncited articles is calculated as the ratio of the articles cited at least once to those that are never cited.	3
The results showed that 73% of ratings were in complete agreement (no difference between two raters), while the difference between 8% of ratings was at least five h-index points.	4
In our model, the nodes are sprinkled on a cluster of concentric circles in a (2 + 1)-dimensional spacetime with circumference polar coordinates {r, 0, t} (Fig.	3
The rhythm indicator of science is a compound indicator P?+αR? (i=1, 2, 3, ..., n), which is synthesized by a publication indicator P? and the citation rhythm indicator R?.	3
But, in general, even though the total research production of the countries under study has increased substantially over the years, there is no similar effect regarding the impact of the publications produced.	5
Women authors would benefit from the inclusion of an e index type metric in evaluation exercises that accounted for research profiles with fewer publications but instances of high citations.	5
To conduct publication analyses, the CVs for faculty members who hold the rank of assistant, associate, or full professor were obtained via the internet in 2015 and coded for peer-reviewed journal articles.	2
These five values can be obtained easily from bibliometric databases, like Web of Science (WoS) or Scopus, by searching, for example, for the journal Scientometrics during the time periods 2008-2012 and 2011-2015 (see Table 1).	2
Our studies suggest that the quality and the impact of publications are not inevitably associated.	5
The most successful international cooperation proved to be the one between the United States and Germany.	4
Amid such destabilization and growing questioning among academics about the value and purpose of peer review, the fake review discourse has been instrumental in reasserting the boundaries between science and society and reaffirming the ideological and symbolic significance of the so-called genuine prepublication peer review.	5
We also assess whether and how funding effectiveness might be improved.	1
However, upon returning to the HEI websites, we found that none of the 142 institutions had updated their policies.	4
The Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) applies to the data made available in this article, unless otherwise stated.	0
Considering preprint servers as a baseline characterised by a 78.7% accuracy, the proposed linker yielded a 91.5% accuracy which is a 16.26% increase in accuracy for the preprint-publication linking task.	5
This paper tries to answer to the question “What is the effect of database uncertainty on the evaluation of the h-index?”, breaking the paradigm of deterministic database analysis and treating responses to database queries as random variables.	1
A tendency for positive correlations between first author citation advantages in similar countries (Table 5) and many statistically significant small positive correlations (8 out of 15 in Table 5) for the full data set gives evidence that there is a tendency for female first author citation advantages to be to a small degree similar in the same field between similar countries.	4
In this work, we propose the graphical representation for the empirical data of the impact factor rank-ordered distribution.	1
Through searching in Sherpa/Romeo, Springer Author-mapper and Science Direct in late 2012 and early 2013, 576 OA-APC journals published by Springer and 47 ones published by Elsevier from 2007 to 2011 were selected.	2
Captures and Usage indicators measure very different aspects of research impact, although both of them show some similarity from the perspective of citations.	5
Keywords Economic journals · Academic journals · Reputation · Relevance · Rigor · Economists Fractional response models	0
There are two concepts associated with the total product: marginal product (MP) and average product (AP) (Ferguson & Gould, 1980).	3
The quality and quantity of vascular surgery research in the GCC countries should be improved to answer important local questions related to vascular diseases.	5
The power differential between faculty and students, the students' limited epistemic development, the busy-ness of the faculty, and the faculty's failure to prioritize authorship have been identified as key factors inhibiting both undergraduate and graduate students from developing a deeper understanding of responsible authorship and publication practices.	4
This viewpoint aims at studying how cross-institution team science would affect the development of precision medicine.	1
The exponent for the relationship between citations and single-authored papers is 0.85 ± 0.11.	4
The procedure is very general and can be simply applied to any type of classification and/or any type of numerical indicator based on citations.	0
This paper analyzes the research trends of plasma surface treatment technology, which is widely used throughout the industry, and proposes new indicators of novelty, fast growth and impact in order to discover areas that should be focused on as emerging technologies in the future.	1
Please see page XX for the Editor's Capsule Summary of this article.	0
It includes 92,820 journal publications from the SCI, SSCI and A&HCI within the period 2002–2013.	2
The method explained here is due to Sridhar Ramesh (no date available).	0
The dilemma then is that mutual sharing (of journals) yields a better outcome than mutual non-sharing but it is not the rational outcome because the choice to share a journal, at the individual level, is not rational from a self-interested point of view.	0
We initially conducted two independent samples t tests to identify differences in responses based on whether participants were acting as reviewers or coauthors.	3
VOSViewer software builds the scientific maps based on some techniques based on bibliographic coupling, co-citations of documents, analysis of co-authorship or analysis of co-words.	3
Finally, by building a model of citations based on the average citation profile of graphene papers, we can estimate the level of scientific interest on a year-to-year basis.	3
The papers were collected from NEHU institutional repository, Developing Library Network (DELNET) via Document Delivery Service (DDS) and also from 'Web of Science (WoS)' database.	2
49% of reviews contained comments to the editor (n = 176).	4
This does not alter the authors' adherence to PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
The analysis indicates the continued dominance of a small number of research-intensive universities as producers of research about teacher education, although not necessarily engaged in teacher education on a large-scale.	5
We show that obtaining citations through reciprocity correlates negatively with an impactful career in the long term.	4
The choice of Ts+5 follows the proposal of van Raan (2004) who identifies SBs by using two rules: (1) the annual average citations are at least between 1 and 2 during 5 years after publication; (2) the sum of citations is at least 20 within the first 4 years after the paper started to receive considerable citations.	3
More specifically, we used qualitative description, an approach that does not test or generate theory [14].	3
I delimited these references by taking a 31-y window: only those papers that are no older than 30 y old at the time they are referenced are involved in the analysis.	2
The study contributes to the theory of technological dominance in East Asia and to the understanding of China's dominant role in knowledge production worldwide.	5
The WoS includes three searchable field tags that provide funding acknowledgment information: acknowledgment funding organization (FO) identifies funding bodies supporting the research, funding grant (FG) provides grant numbers, and funding text (FT) contains the full text of the authors' acknowledgment section in the paper (Rigby, 2011).	3
To provide information references and macroguidance for seismic researchers, while comparing with the status of earthquake research before 2010 (Liu et al.	1
The first advantage of the new criteria is that for sleeping beauties, the boost rate is relatively defined.	5
In this subject area six clusters are identified (Figure 3).	4
This paper aims to understand the communities of attention about science on Twitter.	1
Note: The p values of R, are at greater than the.	0
Thus, indexes that are limited, faulty, short-sighted or unrepresentative of an SRA's academic and publishing profiles should never be used.	5
We begin with all of the named investigators who appear on any of the proposals considered in the previous section (i.e.	0
Although Iranian retracted publications represent small portion of all Iranian publications, but the number of retracted publications has increased.	5
Secondary objectives were to provide quantitative data based on degree that could be utilized by individual faculty, administration and other key stakeholders in academic pharmacy.	1
In my view in such a case a fractional attribution to different percentile rank classes (Schreiber, 2012; Waltman & Schreiber, 2013) is the best solution.	0
When the reviewer exerts an effort level e, after the peer review process is completed, the manuscript's quality is uncertain and the quality achieved, denoted by ξ, is given by ξ = h(e) + η.	3
The results reveal South Africa and Egypt as the leading collaborators with scores above 2000 while the other African countries scored below 1000 documents (Table 2).	4
Another strong factor affecting SP is the betweenness parameter with a positive value (0.17), indicating that more productive authors are those who are well embedded in the national scientific co-authorship network.	4
Citation analysis is an important tool to apprise past research advances comprehensively and to predict future research trends in a specific field.	3
* indicates significant difference in this category at P > 0.05 and NS indicates no significant difference existed within a category	0
Statistics show that many more STM, than HSS, journals are published in the English language in China.	4
We conclude that faculty selection of journals significantly differs from bibliometric valuation.	4
Our results indicate that universities with winning university-level development concepts subsequently obtained significantly less direct funding from the federal government.	4
First we asked them to reconsider the possi- ble factors used to determine cancellation (see above), but this time to say how impor- tant they thought they would be in five years’ time.	0
To explore the citation evolution of papers published in the same year but different month, we selected papers from a discipline (physical geography), a subject (diabetes: endocrine and metabolism) and a journal (Journal of Biological Chemistry) published in 2005 as research objects.	1
Supplementary material associated with this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:10.1016/j.jdent.2024.105407.	0
2010 ASIS&T Published online 15 April 2010 in Wiley InterScience (www.interscience.wiley.com).	0
In terms of impact, we found that review papers and journal articles are the top two types of publications in SE in terms of the ACPP metric, with 18.5 and 12.6.	5
Anesthesiologists who applied for career development funding (FAER Mentored Research Training Grants [MRTGs], Research Fellowship Grants, and Research in Education Grants) and equivalent predecessor mechanisms between January 1973 and February 2013 were invited by e-mail to participate in the web-based survey.	2
The submission database of the Annals of Saudi Medicine including ScholarOne? was researched for categories of manuscripts published, country of origin, citation, self-citation, peer review cycle indicators, performance indicators, quality of submissions, rate of rejection and credentials of the publication office.	2
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA	0
Migiwa Asano MD, Katsuya Mikawa MD, Kahoru Nishina MD, Nobuhiro Maekawa MD, Hidefumi Obara MD	0
The co-authorship network of authors in JRMS showed the authors willing to co-operate with other members of the network, but there is low cohesion of the network and inconsistency between the authors; so that only 8.06% of the total potential relationships in the network have been actualized.	5
English language journals published in the US had significantly higher mean 2010 IF (1.932 vs.	4
The study has several limitations that require further investigation.	5
The shares of publications citing the ‘Novoselov paper’ from the category ‘Science-based technological development’ increased from 2005 until reaching a maximum in 2008 from then on it gradually declines.	4
Radiological journals exhibited higher mIF than biomedical journals overall.	5
2016, in this paper we study whether there is an optimal amount of information in the formulation of the reviewer recommendation for a manuscript.	1
Do excellent scientists have similar types of research influence?	1
In the remaining analyses in this article, the reverse of the rank was used to avoid negative coefficients.	0
Implicitly, we have so far assumed risk-neutrality with respect to payoffs.	0
The results suggest that specialist, cross-field and general journals (as categorised from their Scopus classifications) do not always publish articles that match their Scopus classifications and probably also their declared aims.	5
This study uses a mixed-methods approach to analyze the funding acknowledgments found in 2.3 million scientific publications published between 2008 and 2021 by authors affiliated with research institutions in the Middle East and North Africa (MENA).	1
Given a paper v of a citation network G = (V, E), the RCG of v denoted by R(v) is the subgraph of G induced by a set of vertices S which contains v and all the vertices which can be reached from v via a directed path.	3
Science has been described as a principal-agent relationship (Guston, 1996, 2000; Turner, 1990; van der Meulen, 1998; also Braun, 1993).	3
RQ2: How can the particular influences that scientific breakthroughs have (if any) be explained?	1
The percentage of PhD recipients who had clinical fellowships (e.g.	4
The first control group allows us to hold department effects fixed and is composed of 25 academics belonging to 14 departments; these academics joined a department with a rotator, but their tenure at the department did not overlap with the tenure of the rotator.	2
I employ the launch of Google Scholar to first examine how researchers reacted to the knowledge embedded in older knowledge.	5
What are the reasons for becoming friends on ASNSs?	1
One person with initials BK benefited from 1564 extra citations.	4
In particular, who is most likely to publish, publish highly cited work, and even publish a highly cited outlier?	1
Thus, we do not propose radical reform of existing practices for authorship.	5
Consistent with previous findings, access to resources, autonomy, and social satisfaction were found to generally foster scientific ambition, divergence, and collaboration.	4
The most influential and productive countries are the USA and Spain.	4
A few participants said it would be time-consuming and difficult to prepare narratives when reporting the measures, and several thought that it would be difficult to objectively evaluate researchers from a different discipline without considerable effort to read their work.	4
We therefore apply the multivariate form of Mann-Kendall test to assess and classify the overall trends for the last year, corresponding to the first M' key terms that describe each of the topics provided at the end of Step 4.	3
By grouping the topics into broad thematic areas, we are able to trace the evolution of LIS research in its main fields: processes, technologies, libraries and specific areas (Fig.	5
In this study, we design a new method, the citation induced scientific capability identification (CISCI) method, to measure a country's scientific capability from the perspective of the scientific roles the country undertakes in scientific research.	1
This could be because most retractions refer to misconduct and are used as an indicator of bad scientific practices.	0
3.2 A second research group in the Department of Experimental Physics	0
At the end of the questionnaire, respondents were informed of an option to participate in a semi-structured follow-up interview with a goal of probing more deeply into the issues raised in the questionnaire.	3
In addition to their basic information, we tracked their scientific performance on the WoS.	2
No previous research on retraction notices has investigated accountable entities other than authors of retracted publications and their reasons for retraction from a cross-disciplinary and a diachronic perspective.	1
Note: The color shade of the countries ranks them by the number of articles published	0
The authors acknowledge the National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC Grant No 71173185) for financial support.	0
The empirical part of this paper is based on the coding of sixty-six published empirical articles from the period 1984–2013, all of which used datasets from all waves of the EVS.	3
Small number of authors were responsible for bulk of the article production (transience index of 78.89%).	4
In addition, we pick some highly developmental works such as review articles published in Review of Modern Physics.	2
Therefore, if the research requires only more recent papers, no matter the number of citations, it is recommended to use alpha (x) value 10; if the classics and most cited are required over the most recent ones, the alpha (x) value should be 1; to have a balance, but risking losing the most recent works, the alpha (x) value should be 5.	5
The value for the stability index is zero.	4
The indicator of labor research productivity is measured through a proxy called Fractional Scientific Strength (FSS).	3
We use network embedding to derive such a representation for each author, considering all the entities and relationships in the network.	3
The first notice was published in 2015, with 60% before the end of 2018 and >90% before the end of 2019.	4
The general lack of benchmark data sets also widens the gap between those operating in the field of bibliometrics as professionals in research evaluation (bibliometrics as service), those applying bibliometrics occasionally for such purposes and those applying bibliometrics as one method next to others to better understand the dynamics of science.	5
our results indicate that there are second-act articles whose future citations may be inherently unpredictable (Garfield, 1980), as their delays in impact can be modeled by exogenous origins.	5
In Section 2 we establish the notation used in our analysis.	0
According to the WoS, Herrera is the highest contributor with 7 total publications in this field of "fuzzy techniques in Big Data".	4
We use BERT-based textual sentiment analysis to analyse 87 years of 9820 articles published in the top four marketing journals and prove our hypotheses.	2
Data from Web of Science and MEDLINE were collected as of 10/01/2014 to generate indicators for inclusion in our assessment.	2
This study is significantly useful for readers, especially in the context of a developing country, to know the crucial position of the IRs as an infrastructure that frames the scholarly communication at universities.	5
We present a new concept─Wikiometrics—the derivation of metrics and indicators from Wikipedia.	1
To identify and analyze the 100 most-cited articles in orthodontics indexed in the Web of Science Category of "Dental, Oral Surgery and Medicine” from 1946 to 2016.	1
We selected 24 journals relating to emergency medicine from the “emergency medicine” category in the science edition of Journal Citation Reports (JCR) 2011, published by the Institute for Scientific Information.	2
We used ordered-logit regression to analyze how different aspects of the adoption of preprinting are associated with respondents' gender and their number of years of research experience, in addition to their country/region and their field.	3
Un-vetted papers published in predatory journals can hurt individuals' reputation and be a base for future low-quality research in Iran and other world countries.	5
Basically, the options are as follows: (1) “all cites, whatever the source, are equal” (the baseline: no normalization).	3
Downloaded from ssc.sagepub.com at Bobst Library, New York University on April 13, 2015	0
The use of relative indicators and the construction of a Mexican multidimensional thematic profile based on Dimensions allowed to obtain a new perspective of the research areas in which Mexican authors have produced.	5
Specialized journals are distributed into 10 WoS categories while interdisciplinary in 22.	4
This study aims to analyze ERC Grants in order to detect gender disparities in grant getting through analytical metrics.	1
FIGURE 5 Average number of articles published by year (5-year moving average).	0
Fraction of article titles containing a given number of most frequently occurring terms.	0
Thus, Snedecor and Cochran (1989) wrote, "Actually, all quantitative data are discrete as recorded, since we round for simplicity..." (p.	0
European EDCTP member countries accounted for ~33% of global research output in PRDs and sub-Saharan African countries for ~10% (2007-2011).	4
*Julia Lane is Associate Professor, Department of Economics and Fi- nance, Russ Ray is Associate Dean, School of Business, and Dennis Glennon is Associate Professor, Department of Economics and Finance, University of Louisville, Louisville, KY 40292.	0
The findings also reveal a tendency towards gender-homogenous collaborations and a significant concentration of scholarly output from the high-income regions, highlighting both geographic and economic disparities.	5
A records search identified 26 eligible individuals who received 42 grants for 41 projects.	2
Pearson correlation coefficients between the number of reviews and number of citations as well as between the number of citations in the cited references of the book review and the total number of citations in WoS via the cited reference search were calculated.	3
Alan L Porter, David J Schoeneck, David Roessner and Jon Garner	0
The 3rd objective was to evaluate a possible association between the publication topic (COVID-19-related or non-related) and quality issues related to the published papers using notifications on retraction or issuance of concerns or corrections as proxies.	1
Life Sciences was the most represented area involved in taekwondo's research, obtaining 257 articles (75.6%), followed by Social Sciences with 65 (19.1%).	4
The citation index was described as the mean number of citation times per year (Ale Ebrahim et al., 2013; Loonen, Hage, & Kon, 2008).	3
The contribution of the paper extends beyond studies that focus on author crediting problems, primarily in medical fields, to examine how individual faculty researchers resolve these problems.	5
Chi-square tests were performed on co-authorship patterns, with Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons, to identify team composition characteristics associated with publication impact factors.	3
This result indicates that the level of importance of MIS journals according to scholars' perceptions is certainly different from the results obtained from the citation impact analysis methods.	4
In the case of a key article in a field, or a particularly well written article that provides a good overview of a topic, then it will tend to be better received by people which are not particularly related to academic research.	5
A questionnaire with questions on knowledge, attitudes, experiences, and behavior was distributed to PhD students and obtained a response rate of 77.7%.	2
Likewise, one reason of the slight growth of productivity of the Official Scientific Research Institutions could be the financial difficulties they had to give entrance to young scientists to their staff.	0
As such component is mainly related with metrics measuring the size and structure of the community, we can conclude that such metrics are actually not useful to derive the CORE rank of a conference (for instance, because their values represent a common behaviour of all software conferences).	5
DIF analysis shows that the Indicators' EVOLUTION and BIGBANG items are both biased with respect to individuals who display a relatively high degree of religiosity (Figure 7, top two panels).	4
Nearly two-thirds of orthodontic papers were published in non-orthodontic journals (62.8%) and over half (55.6%) of the articles were published in open-access policy journals.	4
It seems reasonable, therefore, to regard "centrality" within a coauthorship graph not as a formal, graph-theoretic notion but rather as informally defined by recognized scientific accomplishments, and to seek metrics for coauthorship centrality that honor this informal definition.	1
The output from the SPSS software limits the significance levels to 0.05 and 0.01.	0
These insights highlight a correlation between methodological choices and the translational potential of research outcomes, suggesting the need for a reconsideration of research strategy planning in future framework programs.	5
Publications from the Dimensions database that had been assigned to an SDG category were matched against publications indexed by the university's Research Information Management System.	2
The Excel tool was employed to manage the data collected in csv format, while the VOSviewer tool allowed us to represent clustered data in section 4 and the SPSS tool was used for the statistical analysis of the data presented in section 5.	3
However, the scenarios demonstrated in Scopus are quite serious.	4
An example would be the distribution hubs in a package delivery system.	0
In our randomized, controlled, and blinded crossover experiment, participants rated the same abstracts on two separate occasions, one month apart, with the source of these abstracts changing, without their knowledge, between high- and low-income countries.	3
The diseases included in this study as well as the search terms entered in PubMed (and the expanded queries) are available as supporting material.	0
On the other hand, co-authorship mapping analyzes the collaborative networks among authors, their respective countries or institutions, revealing the collective contributions to specific research domains [25,26].	3
To fairly compare the Levenshtein edit distances between the different string lengths in the different combinations, we compute the ratios of Levenshtein edit distances over the sum of lengths of the two strings being compared, and take the largest ratio to be our figure of merit.	3
For different scholarly journals, an author should adapt the quantity of research details based on his knowledge of the reviewer's initial attitude toward the research from past experiences.	5
When problems fall into more than 1 category, each category receives a check mark.	0
All relevant data are within the manuscript and its Supporting Information files.	0
This content downloaded from 144.32.128.70 on Fri, 19 Feb 2016 19:47:49 UTC	0
(2017)'s work, this paper aims to analyze the influence of scientific collaboration with "giants" in different careers using various bibliometric indicators.	1
Instead of citation, we utilize the academic networks, in virtue of their available and abundant academic information, to evaluate the scientific impact of scholars in this paper.	1
The results showed a constant growth of the scientific interest for FIB, which intensified since 2015.	4
Thus, the aim of this report is to use the latest evidence on citation metrics to identify the disciplines that are having the most significant impact on the scientific study of aging.	1
As for indicators, I selected the Documents in Top 10% and the Category Normalized Citation Impact (CNCI) from InCites.	3
The GDP data come from World Development Indicators (WDI) at constant 2005 US dollars.	2
According to the selected final models, experts are less research-productive than the average non-expert academic.	4
The American Physical Society (APS) data set covers a series of physics journals.	2
Does the introduction of technology catalyze traditional research and give rise to new	1
The most commented research areas in PubPeer are Life Sciences (50.6%) and Health Sciences (27.6%).	4
Over the past 22 years, TFS has played as an important academic platform for frontier research.	5
Note that the distribution is skewed, where most publications have few citations, and only a few have many citations (i.e.	0
However, recipients of both types of grants tend to revert toward their original research interests when the funding expires.	4
Due to dramatically different expectations with respect to the size of the OACE, however, only one of them is likely to seriously consider the OACE when deciding where to submit their next manuscript for publication.	4
The data show a clear but declining gender gap.	4
In sum, the differences between print and electronic holding data are broad making them distinct metrics, suggesting that further research is needed for understanding their implications for book impact assessment.	5
We retrieved bibliometric data for the period 1971-2018 in the April-June 2019 window in such a way the our 2018 data was already complete.	2
How do they compare to the leading journals in other business management disciplines like finance and economics?	1
Nobel laureates in Chemistry, Economy, Medicine, and Physics awarded between 2010 and 2019 have been considered, and they will be referred to as recent Nobel laureates.	2
Finally, it is necessary to be cautious when comparing journal impact indicators from different fields.	5
Authors with their number of papers and number of citations received.	0
In answer to RQ1, articles in the three top journals have become longer over time.	4
Conclusion: Co-authorship network of JRMS has the characteristics of a small world network.	5
The prevalence of research misconduct appears to be substantially higher in the Croatian scientific community than in the international scientific community.	5
We excluded a single outlier published in 2020 with 642 authors from mean and maximum calculations, as well as the analysis examining citations.	0
Therefore, the main question addressed in this study is whether the co-citation map would reflect this tripartition, thus confirming constructivist citation theories, or would confirm the hypothesis suggested here concerning the strength of the normative approach in relation to high citation counts.	1
, yn) ∈ Nn, where yi is the year age of the i-th paper having ai citations, (i.e., the current year minus the year of publication of the i-th paper plus one).	3
To fill the gap, we construct an institution-level weighted co-authorship network that integrates two types of weight on the edges: the intensity of collaborations and the spatial score (the geographical distance adjusted by the cross-linguistic-border nature).	1
ii) Fairness: Does competition reduce or improve the fairness of the reviews?	1
In the last line, the data indicate that at university Alpha the researchers omitted over a third of their WoS-indexed scientific portfolio (35%) from the set they proposed.	4
These findings should serve as a particular caution to university administrators at non-elite institutions who anticipate that large-scale cluster hiring initiatives can be used as a means for vaulting their institutions above the competition.	5
It identifies four main drivers behind the concept: business model change, client data sharing, incorporation of technological companies (fintechs and others), and regulation.	4
One advantage is that it is applicable when citation data is missing.	5
The overall mean IF for obstetrical and gynecological journals increased over the analyzed time period.	5
Thus, the results presented in table 6A can at most be interpreted as presumptive evidence for the existence of discrimination against inbred scientists.	0
In this paper we look at the state of Portuguese research in economics, with an emphasis on the 2000–2019 period.	1
This measure is used to reflect the devotion or focus of an author to a venue given his or her publications in this particular venue relevant to the other venues.	3
A large number of blocks detected by the SBM method fall outside the inner triangle, and are thus not community-like structures even in the weak sense (Radicchi et al., 2004).	4
Received: 22 June 2022; Accepted: 13 October 2022; Published online: 11 November 2022	0
Given the paucity of research that controls for both the reviewer and the quality and type of research being reviewed, we conducted a randomized, controlled, and blinded crossover study to assess the within-individual change in evaluation of research abstracts when the source is experimentally altered—in this case, between high- and low-income countries.	1
The number shown in parentheses indicates the number of papers found for each document type.	0
The result illustrates that Computer Science is the most popular category, taking up nearly 30 percent of the total publications and 32 percent of the total citations.	4
Currently (2004–2013) more than 90% of the articles on curare are written in English.	4
No correlation exists between the citation count in WOS and Scopus and the AAS, while the Mendeley user count has a moderate correlation with citations.	5
The bibliometric analysis obtained its results through a combination of scientific mapping and performance analyses garnered from secondary sources (Cobo et al.	3
Therefore, the objective of this study was to analyze the research activity in nutrition and dietetics in Arab countries using bibliometric approach.	1
2 E-journal here refers to journals in purely electronic format, not electronic spin-offs of print publications.	0
Overall, rank was shown to be the best predictor of changes in scholarly communication practices and metrics, suggesting that future studies should focus on this variable when operationalizing aging.	5
Dating back to 1924, Learned (1924) of the Carnegie Foundation conducted the first study of knowledge diffusion.	0
The rates of gender propensity for men and women fell between the gender ratios of emergency medicine (65%/35%) and the general population (50%/50%), 59.6% and 44%, respectively, suggesting a tendency toward homophily among men.	4
During the 1980-1999 period, research topics were poorly characterized, but better defined in the 2000-2019 period.	4
In this study, the top and most productive sports medicine scientists do not have the highest h-index or citation.	5
The interviews were conducted in English with the grantees and focused on the relationship between the funding instrument, the research carried out during the funded period, and the research environment.	2
Thus, impact is not a new concept but a complex, ongoing accumulation of shifting and reforming (re)conceptualisations and acclimatisation, and one that is being repackaged.	5
Note, however, that this is a study of how social relationships and intellectual affinities are related to intercitation within a densely knit and mutually aware in-group.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
Based on a comprehensive collection of evaluation reports, expert organizations, such as the Dutch Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS) in Leiden, are able to set technical standards with respect to data quality by investing in in-house databases with improved WoS data.	2
The primary objective of this analysis of all 609 volumes that won “best book” awards from any APSA section during 1985–2016 is to understand better how receipt of a book award translates into recognition by other political scientists.	1
Standard variable selection approaches based on AIC scores (Akaike, 1974), resulted in a final model of the probability of access being easy as a function of Region (as compared to a base case region of Africa), Sex (“male” compared to “female”), and Institutional Access (“yes” compared to "no") (Table 1).	3
And the most widely used indicator for measuring the burden of disease is disability-adjusted life years (DALYs), which attempts to quantify the risk of death and the impact of loss of quality of life for individuals affected by disease or disability (Prüss-üstün et al. 2003).	3
6323 distinct publications were finalized as our sample, representing 196 NPLs.	2
The purpose of this study was to determine the impact of self-citation in academic plastic surgery.	1
The sample of 119 economic evaluations mostly related to treatments of communicable diseases, in particular HIV/AIDS (42/119, 35.29 %) and malaria (26/119, 21.85 %).	4
We found that these critically low-quality evidence syntheses were more associated with positive statements while high-quality evidence syntheses were more associated with negative citation of retracted publications.	4
Second, we obtain the knowledge distance between collaborating establishments using Mahalanobis distance (Bloom et al.	3
Conversion rate: determined using the Bank of Canada's 10-year currency converter with the date of 30 June 2016 where possible and XE Currency Converter for currencies not covered by the Bank of Canada (BDT, EGP, IQD, IRR, NGN, YER).	3
Through the unique MARC number and reader ID number of books, the borrowing records are one-to-one corresponding to the book information and reader information, and a total of 2,233,481 effective book circulation records are obtained.	2
According to our calculations, this book contribution has increased in Genetic Algorithms (leading scientific field), Reinforcement Learning, and later in Neural Networks and Case-Based (comp.	4
“Breadth” and “depth” of internationality were distinguished and characterized by bibliometric and webometric tools.	1
In this paper, differences in coverage among the various ISI products will not be discussed.	0
The mean ratings for the two reviews were 4.8 and 5.0.	0
All the data for this study were gathered from the CNKI database and Web of Science (WoS) database.	2
In this article, a critical analysis of the changes and the government's rhetoric is presented to unveil the English language-centric core of the reforms.	1
Please cite this article as: Shaikh S et al., The Association of Women Surgeons research grant: An analysis of the first 25 years, The American Journal of Surgery, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.amjsurg.2020.06.067	0
Overall, our findings indicate that non-elite universities are publishing an increasing number of international papers, while elite universities are dominating national journals, particularly First Class and Prestigious journals.	5
N. SOMBATSOMPOP et al.: A modified method for calculating the Impact Factors	0
The objective is to examine the science policy motive that is, if the team size increases, by encouraging academics to gather in larger teams, then their outputs increase.	1
Overall, there was a significant trend for journals to cite other journals from their same geographical area (North America v Europe), a tendency that has previously been identified in anaesthesia journals [16].	5
A Chi square (x2) test of goodness of fit is performed on the absolute values to determine whether results for 2007–2011 are significantly different from those for 2002–2006.	3
Most studies were classified as preclinical (n = 75).	4
A full account of the methodology used in this study may be found in Hood (1998, Chapter 4).	0
Instead of researching organizational contexts and the characteristics of research team members, we closely examine presentations made in meetings and how participants discussed about ongoing research in meeting talk.	3
Results were analyzed to better understand the trend of TNBC research and to explore the next possible hot spot in this field.	1
Within the metrics journal groups, the only noticeable link that scientometrics has established with another "metric" is with econometrics.	4
the most cited authors) and the core documents (i.e.	3
Our analysis shows that women are not inferior to men here.	4
We compare the F values, which reveals 0.934 ± 0.004 for the “Citation Network" and 0.953 ± 0.003 for the "Hetero Network."	4
As of July 2015, upload dates are no longer presented in ResearchGate pages in this way but are reported as “Available from” dates and so the method described above no longer works.	0
We measured the same probability for the near-miss group, finding that they produced hit papers at an average rate of 16.1%.	4
The questionnaire listed 12 quality criteria used in 10 PRFSs (in Australia, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lithuania, New Zealand, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, and the United Kingdom) to evaluate artistic outputs (Table 1).	2
An analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) was applied to see the mean group differences of academics (returnees; nonreturnees) along with discipline-specific comparisons on aspects of teaching quality after controlling the effects of discipline, university ranking, and designation/experience (Table 4).	3
These dimensions, namely variety, balance, and disparity, were quantified for both the references and citations associated with boundary crossing outputs to portray a comprehensive view of interdisciplinary knowledge flows.	3
RQ2: How do boundary crossing activities contribute to the interdisciplinary knowledge flows, and how do these contributions evolve over time?	1
The following recommendations are suggested to improve the efficiency of science foundations: identify and reject unqualified research proposals, fund proposals that are different from existing research, award grants to the “lowest cost provider" (factor proposal cost into consideration), and set aside a certain proportion of grant funds for non-mainstream investment.	5
Data for this study came from manuscripts published in Cardiology in the Young (2010–2021).	2
The citation rates also appear to increase due to co-authorship.	4
We confirm that the productivity and the impact are related to the evolution of scientists' research interests, and scientists tend to select topics which help them produce the productivity and the impact.	4
The three solutions c (Van Eck and Waltman 2017), hd (Havemann et al.	3
(2014), shapes the first co-authorship network of researchers in the field of “information science” by extracting the publication records having “information science” in their title, keywords or abstracts, published during the time period of 2001 and 2010 from the Scopus bibliometric database.	2
The address set is the most useful single item of information for identifying CIBER structures (around 60–70 % of all papers, Table 2), while Author_CIBERorColl brings the highest percentage of unique papers in both disciplines.	4
In these three studies, we ask American adults to evaluate NSF-funded research based on NSF's two criteria and Rep.	1
Hence, we extended the exponential density function to the following formula for calculating the knowledge burst intensity.	3
We fit 4 different models: 3 generalized linear models (GLMs) using the R package lme4 (Bates et al. 2015) at different timescales to assess the factors influencing overall number of citations, and a time-to-event model using a Cox proportional hazards model</MODEL_OR_ALGORITHM> to assess the factors influencing the time until an article received its first citation.	3
TOP: is the number of papers published in top journals in an academic subject for an institution during the 5-year period.	3
While almost all respondents preferred collaborating with European researchers (with an average of 70 percent), the preference for Maghreb partners is higher for the Tunisian university (54 percent) and lower for the Moroccan university (32 percent) (see Figure 5).	4
The full texts of the citing articles were downloaded from ISI's Science Citation Index Extended, Social Science Citation Index, and Art & Humanities Citation Index.	2
According to Lerner (1934) and Rochet and Tirole (2003), the market power of a scientific journal as a two-sided platform is expressed as the sum of the following:	3
The dataset comprises the number of co-publications, indexed in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS), between two given countries, in a total of 193 countries (190 are member states of the United Nations, two countries are non-member observers states and Taiwan), in three periods (1990–1999, 2000-2009, and 2010–2018).	2
The formula to compute density of a network is: density = 2l/[n(n ?	3
The Leiden algorithm (Traag et al., 2019) was utilized for community discovery, which is highly efficient when facing large networks and guarantees better connectivity within communities than its predecessor the Louvain algorithm (Blondel et al., 2008).	3
The Hirsch-index of the retrieved documents was 35.	4
I propose that the best solution is to combine both ideas and introduce a new type of community into the meta-theoretical framework, i.e.	5
RQ2 - Are longer papers the product of larger, more diverse research collaborations?	1
Accordingly, the new RI score—on average, and for many RG member—is no more than a redundant indicator insofar as it only duplicates the information on research impact already conveyed by citations.	5
Institutions that have already started to reform their assessment practices can use the rubric to identify potential strengths and limitations as they seek to increase the reach and scale of these reforms.	4
The goal was to see whether the same stakeholder domains emerge from public (Google News) and academic sources, establishing convergence on the nature of likely breaks in the translational pipeline.	1
The top eight percent: development of approved and rejected applicants for a prestigious grant in Sweden	0
One of the tangible outcomes of this study is the creation of an evidence-based core journal list which has already proven to be a useful collection development tool.	5
The purpose of this study was to identify the classic articles in implantology to analyze bibliometric characteristics and associated factors in implantology for the past four decades.	1
This article investigates the inquiries and sanctions that followed accusations of fraud directed toward Dutch social psychologist Diederik Stapel in the early 2010s.	1
By ordering R*k in descending order, scientists' IRO can be ranked from the best to the worst.	0
All analysed evaluations, including grey literature (project reports) and journal articles, were published between 2005 and 2019.	2
This study aims to augment the theory of zero circulation from the theoretical level and, for the first time, seeks to define the phenomenon of collection awakening.	1
The subject area to which a particular communication should be assigned was established with the help of the abstracting service Chemical Abstracts.	0
This paper discovered the ESMQ's strengths and weaknesses as a result of feasibility of its proposed framework.	5
In addition, the magnitudes of the Mendeley-based correlations are similar to those for the Scopus citation-based JIFs, which is evidence of their stability and, hence is evidence that Mendeley reader counts consistently indicate the same type of impact, which is presumably academic impact with a bias toward more junior scholars.	5
The criteria for inclusion were: (1) published in the period 1986 to 2017 (to enable a comparison among three equal time periods); (2) published in a peer-reviewed journal; (3) completed the indexing process in PEDro (i.e., confirmation of eligibility, allocation of indexing codes and, for trials, rating using the PEDro scale); and, (4) each article extracted from PEDro needed to be matched with Web of Science database.	2
Where these conditions do not exist alternative models will be needed to complement R&P—in our case we plan to implement Subscribe to Open from 2025 onwards.	5
Our mixed methods approach is based on the document analysis of archival data (about 100 annual project reports), the synthesis of expert reports (by the Advisory Board), ten semi-structured interviews with principal investigators and project coordinators, and a comprehensive bibliometric analysis.	2
Does the output generated through their research have a public value?	1
To facilitate comparison of universities of varying breadth of research activity, universities are grouped into three categories: broad scope (active in at least 110 fine-grained subject areas), medium scope (active in 60–110 areas), and narrow scope (active in fewer than 60 areas).	3
This study provides a full description of Buildings but also presents some limitations.	5
As shown in Model 2 in Table 4, the regression coefficient of ISM number is greater than zero and significant (p < 0.01), indicating that the flow of international students between two countries has a positive and significant correlation with their scientific collaboration.	4
PLOS ONE | www.plosone.org 1 March 2012 | Volume 7 | Issue 3 | e33339	0
Larger circles indicate a greater percent of pairs in that category.	0
This measure of teamwork coaching was recorded for each proposal that involved RD staff, and is used in the analyses as a dependent, independent, or mediating variable.	0
We reveal two mechanisms through which networks can affect scientific performance: the communicating mechanism and the resource mechanism.	5
The results of this work point to growth in scale that has been somewhat varied, but with advancement in quality and scope that is both consistent and robust.	5
In conclusion, our analysis provides evidence of the adequacy of the scientific return on country-specific investment of local dedicated resources, which gives cues to ameliorate the scientific activity and the research quality.	5
The number of self-citations was calculated by counting the number of times the reprint author's name was mentioned in the cited references of the particular article.	3
Data collection took place from August 2016 to July 2018.	2
NP: Number of publications; TC: Total citations; TC/NP: Citations per paper; PY_start: Publication year starting.	0
The package “tm” is a framework for text mining applications within R.	0
Employing machine learning to calculate cosine similarity between capstones and learning theories, followed by multivariate ANOVA, we identified statistically significant differences in theory usage across ranking groups.	3
Like all other ranking exercises, US News used a multivariable methodology and weighting schemes they had developed for this purpose.	3
According to the findings, developed countries were the most productive in publishing on house dust mites.	5
In this paper we use the APS database of physics articles to build a multi-dimensional space to investigate the relative motion of scientific fields, as defined by the PACS codes.	5
We focused on main five Latin American countries: Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia and Mexico.	2
Data showed that the test is successful in identifying high levels of self-citations and that test values of 0.35 or more are contenders for further analysis.	4
By discipline, PupPeer's comments center on Health and Life Sciences, which are also the most troublesome disciplines, with the highest percentages of fraudulent publications.	5
In conclusion, the OREF grant awardee conversion rate of 22% and, particularly, the 46% rate for Career Development Grant winners demonstrate the importance of OREF grants as a source of initial funding for faculty researchers.	5
The author would like to thank the anonymous reviewers and Margaret Law for their valuable suggestions and proofreading.	0
Advanced search was employed using the search query: TS = (“interdisciplinary Research" OR "multidisciplinary Research" OR "crossdisciplinary Research” OR “transdisciplinary Research” OR “pluridisciplinarity Research” OR “transdisciplinarity Research" OR "inter-disciplin* Research” OR “cross-disciplin* Research” OR “multi-disciplin* Research “ OR "trans-disciplin* Research").	2
Of the 1,082 retracted publications, a total of 707 were classified as misconduct, representing a 65.3% of the total number of retractions, with a rate of 1.6 per 10,000 published papers.	4
Introducing a Bayesian-based probability to measure the sequence of the three behaviors, we found that the relationships between them can be more precisely represented than the Venn diagram suggested by Díaz-Faes and Bordons (2017).	5
Article counts for ESI are derived from the Web of Science (WoS) core collection over an 11-year-long period.	2
Downloaded by University of Pittsburgh At 03:31 13 February 2016 (PT)	0
By shaping, we refer to how funding influences the objectives, design, process, and outputs of research activities.	1
Do collaborations among scholars lead to a higher impact of a research?	1
Nevertheless, our study found weak positive correlations, allowing us to conclude that AAS may not be the best predictor of NOC, but rather that the 2 would be better used in conjunction with each other.	5
It may also be useful for communication researchers who may need a science tree of their discipline to research career orientation purposes.	0
co-authors, their affiliations, year of publication, citations) that were published by the funded researchers within the period of 1996 to 2010.	2
After developing an analytical typology, these four contexts were deliberately chosen to ensure they capture all key types possible for one specific form of governance, i.e.	3
Statistically, full professors had a greater number of publications per year and higher h- and r-indices than their counterparts.	4
The prevalent journal business model was the hybrid formula (based on subscriptions but also offering a paid OA option) with 51 journals, followed by subscription-based only journals accounting for 22, while just 5 full OA journals were identified.	4
(2020) to understand the importance of author-defined keywords for articles to be highly-cited in the Management Information Systems (MIS) field.	2
For ease of presentation, we removed the edges with weight less than 0.001.	0
Between 1975 and 2019, there were 141,850 publications in the field of mythology, and a total of 463,147 citations were made (three citations per publication on average).	4
Downloaded From: http://jama.jamanetwork.com/ by a University of Iowa User on 05/23/2015	0
Six co-word similarity networks were created so social network analysis-based community-detection algorithm can be identified to compare major research themes in different languages and eras.	3
Therefore, this study was intended to assess the growing contribution of the Arab world to global research on COVID-19.	1
The harvested data were analyzed by using the standard bibliometric indicators and scientometric parameters to measure the research landscape such as average growth rate, compound average growth rate, relative growth rate, doubling time, degree of collaboration, collaborative index, collaborative coefficient and modified collaborative coefficient.	3
As noted above, a major limitation of this study is its exclusive focus on the geographical distribution of capital in global forest science and the resulting inequalities, without examining how this shape the knowledge produced.	5
Author satisfaction survey results revealed that overall satisfaction of editing service was most strongly correlated with how well the edits conformed to the authors’ intentions (R = 0.796), and was only weakly correlated with quick turnaround time (R = 0.355).	4
Moreover, those who had published in open access journals, received at least one predatory e-mail, or had more than 5 published original articles had significantly higher familiarity and knowledge scores (all p-value < 0.001).	4
Current research articles focus on topics clustered into performance, hospital/COVID-19, job satisfaction, human resource management, occupational/mental health, and quality of care.	4
Go8 academics had significantly more outputs than each of the other networks, zs>2.92, ps<.035.	4
To evaluate H1 and H2, we tested whether or not there were significant differences pre-hire to post-hire in research output, collaboration, and impact.	3
For comparison purposes, 2IF and 5IF were also obtained by manual computation instead of using them released by the JCR.	0
We also found out that in two of the cases (EI and CEA) there were tensions between the new interdisciplinary spaces and the traditional structures at university as stated by Weingart (2014) and Frodeman (2014a, b).	4
Based on Figure 1, the number of journal articles in WOS reached a summit in 2012 and declined over the next two years.	4
[editor's note: With the exception of the last pages --which would be the back cover of the printed issue-- that are not included in this file, it has the same contents as the printed edition.	0
This was achieved by collecting policies from HEIs that held membership in either the European Network of Academic Integrity (ENAI) or the International Center for Academic Integrity (ICAI).	2
Vendor, link-resolver, and local citation data were examined to determine correlation.	1
This study points to the need to foster NSI research activities in non-industrialized countries in which health-care personnel are crucial for public health.	5
These tweets could not be replaced with more relevant ones as no other tweet received 15 or more retweets.	0
This section proposes why ISI-indexed SNPRs may help to unveil GINs.	0
The only exceptions are arXiv, bioRxiv and medRxiv.	2
Since the recognition of critical care as a subspecialty in the 1970s, many investigators from U.S.	0
This explanation attempts to balance the communication system with the imperatives of the reward system; rather than contradicting the discussed explanations, it extends them.	5
All journal issues published between 2010–2019 were checked for total number of articles with only original research articles being further categorised by topic, country of research, funding status and citation count.	2
Table 1: Breakdown of School of Nursing faculty members for 2014 calendar year by rank and track.	0
We first consider the h–C maps, superimposing the cohort of SSB awardees against a background of all 84,116 scientists, where h and C data are available.	3
Patents with two or more applicants were retrieved from the Incopat database using keywords related to COVID-19 in the patent abstracts.	2
82nd Annual Meeting of the Association for Information Science & Technology | Melbourne, Australia | 19-23 October, 2019	0
The observations from the Turing Award Collaboration Network show that collaboration at different times has different types of strength and collaborative behavior.	5
Modified versions of the number of publications (Pm) and citations (Cm) were employed as indicators of quantity and quality, respectively.	3
RQ3: Should these people all actually be listed as authors?	1
Collaboration among nursing scholars especially across different units and areas needs to be encouraged.	5
The overall "10-year" h-index for the scholars was 12.52 (SD=3.72, Ra = 13).	4
In this section, we investigate the drivers of collaboration amongst demographers based on their co-authorship of papers presented over the previous six EPCs.	1
Nicholson is in the Department of Biological Sciences, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, Virginia, USA.	0
How well do or can these measures measure or predict the past, current, or future scholarly performance of an individual?	1
The objective of this study was to identify the predatory plastic and “generic surgery” journals that send unsolicited emails.	1
However, this increase in the number of authors was not accompanied by greater international collaboration.	4
Some of the results were comments about paper mills rather than the websites of paper mills.	0
Illustrated map representation for total number of publications per LA country.	0
For each case we consider what the resulting price and use of information would be under two types of price menu: a flat price per piece of information accessed, or a subscription fee that allows subscribers access to information for free.	3
A more effective system for better formalizing research behaviours should be developed so that Vietnamese universities can integrate more successfully into the global research.	5
The Journal of Veterinary Medical Education has topped the list with 1191 publications (19.83%) with an impact factor of 1.027.	4
Using a bibliometric approach, the main objectives of this study is monitoring the trajectory and evolution of transport studies to find the evolving research frontiers of this domain over time.	1
In total, 716,584 papers were submitted for analysis.	2
Science mapping - to intuitively analyse co-word maps consists of developing and applying computational techniques for the visualisation, analysis and modelling of a wide range of scientific and technological activities [49]; it is intended to display structural and dynamic aspects of scientific research [10,43,50].	3
In this paper, we contribute to the literature by examining an editor's incentives either to issue a desk decision that is based solely on their imperfect private information about the manuscript's quality or to send the paper to external peer reviewers that better reveal its quality.	1
More specifically, for most fields there are constant or increasing marginal returns.	5
We utilized the following MeSH terms: “Dermatology” AND “Saudi”, “Cutaneous” AND “Saudi”, and “Skin” AND “Saudi”, with SA designated as the affiliated country.	3
Low-income source countries (Ethiopia and Malawi) were selected from the bottom-ten countries by GDP per capita (less than US$1,046 per capita), using 2015 World Bank data.	2
Based on the changes in annual publication volume, the research on digital archiving in China can be roughly divided into three stages: 1995–2004, 2005–2014, and 2015–2022.	4
The results reveal a fast-rising oligopoly, dominated by Springer with 35% of the titles and PLOS with more than 20% of the articles.	4
In this study, prevalence of group authorships in the CDSR was very low.	5
I am open to changing my view about Open Access publishing in the light of new evidence, but we have yet to see such evidence.	5
This positive increase could be attributed to the launch of the National Science, Technology, and Innovation Plan (NSTIP) and the promulgation of the Regulations on Scientific Publication Awards for Faculty Members and the like.	5
A recent editorial in this journal highlighted the increasing pressures on and competition among academic scientists to acquire external research funding (Lindgreen et al., 2019).	0
Have substantial changes in IS research subfields taken place between 2003 and 2012 in comparison to the previous decade, the period between 1993 and 2002, in line with the research fields identified by Taylor et al (2010)?	1
According to our survey results, only a few traditional metrics are widely known and often used by scholars.	5
To address these questions, we proceed as follows: We first discuss regional trends in science production and locate the four countries within the European center of science.	3
The field of educational research would be assessed more comprehensively by using a range of bibliometric data rather than the current system of peer-reviewing research outputs.	5
This bibliometric analysis showed that orthopedics research witnessed rapid development between 2000 and 2011.	5
1 the h index and the number of citations as a function of time for two prominent physicists: a theorist and an experimentalist.	0
Second, R studio has been applied to analyze several aspects, including the conceptual structure, productivity, most influential scientific actors, Lotka's law, and topics trend.	3
Gradually, retractions have been permeating the dynamics of research productivity in many countries but, so far, there is limited knowledge of this interaction.	5
Wilcoxon signed-rank test, Kruskal–Wallis H test) were performed to examine the null hypotheses.	3
Among the four scales, formal sanctions had the highest mean score (3.07), indicating that it is widely perceived among the entire sample that employing formal sanctions would have at least a “moderate effect” on research misconduct.	4
Data for this study is extracted from four Web of Science citation indices (the Science Citation Index Expanded, the Social Sciences Citation Index, the Arts and Humanities Citation Index, and the Conference Proceedings Citation Index).	2
3, nearly half of a century transport geography initially formed six academic communities (Fig.	4
The eight groups obtained through ego network analysis can be divided into four semantically different areas, as follows: information technology, infrastructure, services, and subjects.	4
We identified 53 journals publishing neurosurgical work, as collated by neurosurgeons and researchers on social media (Neurosurgery Journals' Impact Factor 2021) (Table 1).	2
As is indicated by Table 2, postdoctoral training shaped the prestige of scientists' subsequent academic placements.	4
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
Therefore, we use the relative citation count, whose absolute citation count of a patent is divided by the average citation count of all patents granted in the same year in the technical field of the patent.	3
The objective of our study was to provide an analysis of the EM body of literature and identify the most frequently cited EM publications and identify important characteristics, such as top-cited journals, field of study, article characteristics, article rankings, and publication year, and identify authors steering the literature in the field of EM.	1
Aims: To compare over time: (i) research progress of Sydney Medical School (SMS) medical practitioner – PhD awardees; (ii) National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) project grant success rates for physician-researchers; and (iii) compare current NHMRC, NSW University and NSW Public Hospital pay scales for physician-researchers.	1
The h-index has been determined in the usual way and also measured in 10 citation and 0.1 citations (so to say, in “dekacitations” and “decicitations”), respectively.	3
Consequently, the selection of a bibliographic database in an analysis of research funding might bias the results of that analysis.	5
Supplementary materials provide more details about the data and method and below we report the empirical results.	0
UCINet (v6.461) was used to generate a symmetrical coauthorship matrix among countries (after changing all values to binary), in which a record with three addresses in country A and two addresses in country B is counted as a single relation between these two countries.	3
The main conclusions are that doctoral students with higher conscientiousness co-author more with their supervisors, are more productive during doctoral studies, and that overall the effect of conscientiousness is similar over the research areas.	5
Papers in certain journals that are cited more frequently in patents have more importance in the technological world.	5
Preliminary evidence suggests that deviances in reviewer scores explainable by bias are fairly similar for individuals and research ecosystems (Erosheva et al.	4
Third, we searched in GS and WoS during January 2022 to retrieve all peer-reviewed research and review papers published by each focal scientist within the field of Animal Behavior irrespective of species examined.	2
The top 3 departments for number of papers in the last 10 years were The Royal Free Hospital, London (226) Broomfield Hospital, Chelmsford (218), and Morriston Hospital and Swansea (188).	4
For each article, the overlap (similarity) between the set of authors mentioned in it and the citation identity of each of the co-authors was evaluated by calculating the Index of ABC (IABC), defined below.	3
Source: S&T Indicators based on R&D&I Statistics and Indicators in High Technology Sectors (HTS) from Instituto Nacional de Estadística (INE-Spanish Statistical Office).	0
Note: N = frequency, per cent = column per cent, M mean, SD = standard deviation, range = minimum and maximum.	0
Statistical analyses were performed using Stata 25.0 software.	3
We estimate all models using maximum likelihood (ML) estimation.	3
Web of Science Core Collection, we collected a sample of 146,415 articles published in 152 hybrid journals published between 2013 and 2018 to compare the rates of citation between OA and non-OA articles.	2
A preliminary version of this study was presented at a poster session at the 21st International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators.	0
In the second section of the article, we study some of the literatures.	0
The first three variables were t (year of publication), r (journal where article was published) and n (number of authors); and the second three were, for each author i, iG (gender), iO (geographical origin) and iP (institution), with i ranging from 1 to j.	3
MS Excel 2016 was used to illuminate more visual features for the relationship between paper length and a variety of publication factors in biomedical research below.	3
The analyses described are based on the responses of a sample of 2000 US adults recruited by YouGov, Inc., a public opinion research firm that conducts online surveys and experiments on behalf of academic and governmental researchers and commercial customers (including political campaigns).	2
Figures in Table 2 represent the contributions of researchers as both first and joint authors and as total.	0
As illustrated by the articles in this volume, there are considerable gaps in the measurement of research productivity/innovation for programs enabled by large initial and ongoing infrastructure investments.	1
2a-c and e) showed a statistically significant difference between the first author and the middle author (t=2.48; df=7; p=0.042) and between the first author and the last author (t=2.41; df=7; p=0.047).	4
This paper defines the B&R region as comprising 67 countries with a significant history of cooperative efforts in building the initiative, categorized into 8 international regions (Figure S1 and Table S1).	1
These issues may appear to be beyond the remit of IDEAL, but this shouldn't be the case: given their implications for both the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of interventions, these issues should be regarded as critical to robust evaluation.	5
The study of velvet worms is concentrated on their historical evolution and relationship with other invertebrate groups, a field in which ontology (“development") and fossils ("lobopodian“) are common keywords.	4
Mathiesen & Robin Perry (2006) PERCEPTIONS OF PROFESSIONAL SOCIAL WORK JOURNALS: FINDINGS FROM A NATIONAL SURVEY, Journal of Social Work Education, 42:1, 139-160	0
Reprints account for a large portion of the overall monograph publication each year, and the percentage grew from 43% in 2014 to 52% in 2018 (Liu & Wu, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019).	4
Funding was provided by grant SES-8304029 from the National Science Foundation.	0
11For example, if n = 10,000, after sorting the values in ascending order, the 2.5th and 97.5th percentiles of the distribution fall at positions 250 and 9,751.	0
One of the key factors determining the standing of a university in the WUR is the size of the country's economy.	4
This study clearly suggests that university ranking results are strongly affected by the choice of database, indicator (ranked either by publications or by citations), and the data retrieval method used.	5
The coordination logic represented a true institutional innovation, since – at least concerning joint programs – no real antecedents could be identified and it was associated with the creation of specific regulatory models, like ERA-NETS.	5
This article presents results from a survey of faculty in North American Library and Information Studies (LIS) schools about their attitudes towards and experience with open-access publishing.	1
To evaluate whether each factor accounted for a greater unique variation than expected by chance, a randomization test (1,000 randomizations) was conducted using the "rand.hp" function in the "hier.part" package.	3
This is because in the map, it overlapped almost completely with the Library category but was significantly far from the LIS category, which would otherwise be considered its natural abode based on the content.	0
Given the limited number of designated trauma centers, transport times can be prolonged, with patient care managed by paramedics for the duration of their transfer.	0
In total, including publisher comments, only 7.4% of articles were found to have received a comment, although there was substantial variation across titles.	4
We can also see thatTJP(i.e.,Top journal publications) is the overall better predictor in all groups and that PR(i.e.,Publication rate) does not add much to the TJPmodel since the AUC (see Table 1) is basically the same for theTJP models and the PR+TJPmodels in the Top 25%, Top 10%, and Top 4% groups.	4
Additionally, female neurosurgery scientists were found to be slightly less prolific in terms of scientific productivity.	4
The structural equation modeling approach was used to consider the relationships among four latent constructs (factors): AR (fAR), JR (fJR), NSI (fNSI), and SI (fSI).	3
After applying the search criteria, we retrieved a total of 326 articles.	4
Contributions largely came from Asia, and also from the Americas, Africa, and Oceania, besides Europe.	4
However, the theory and computation of anticipatory systems provide us with the tools to take this next step toward the simulation of the sciences as structures of expectations.	5
In terms of Degree centrality Mohammadi ranked the first with 55 Degree centrality that is evident in Figure 1.	4
Gold OA refers to content that is freely and immediately available directly on the publisher's website, generally under a Creative Commons license that allows for free access and redistribution and, in many cases, for re-use in new or derivative works.	3
Facebook Social Connected Index (SCI) is the index indicating the degree of the social connection between the two regions, which has been used in various disciplines recently (Bailey et al., 2018, 2020, Vahedi et al., 2021, Du et al., 2021).	2
We have analyzed and compared the publication trends in 4 representative spinal journals [Spine, European Spinal Journal (EUS), The Spine Journal (TSJ), and the Journal of Neurosurgery – Spine (JNS spine)] from 2016 to 2018.	1
In scientific writing, multiply mentioned references (MMRs) should not be ignored both in proportion and their significance to citing papers.	5
This exploratory mixed methods study describes skills required to be an effective peer reviewer as a member of review panels conducted for federal agencies that fund research, and examines how reviewer experience and the use of technology within such panels impacts reviewer skill development.	1
Based on comparisons between disciplines, years and countries for two million journal articles, the average citation impact of articles increases with the number of authors, even when international collaboration is excluded.	4
Data were taken from the online version of Elsevier's Scopus in June-July 2020.	2
The current analysis found many prolific authors who have published>200 papers each in at least one of the most prestigious journals of science or medicine at large.	5
The second author searched the two main bibliographic databases that provide citation information, WOSCC and Scopus, on June 13, 2019, to obtain articles that cited Freeman et al.	2
Price levels of medical services may vary across regions with different income levels, which would raise concerns about the equal access to medical services.	1
In order to respond to the research questions, we use two types of statistical analyses a) One-way hypothesis test; b) Logistic regression.	3
Finding the relevant targets of FMO-2, which also accumulates in mammals under conditions that promote longevity, may elucidate further mechanisms that promote healthy aging.	5
Therefore, we confirm a significant but weak relationship between the two counts.	4
We find that there is no statistically significant difference between the research productivity and impact of inbred and non-inbred faculty.	4
The empirical clustering along the variables presented in Table 1 shows that the variables can be reduced to two dimensions quite comprehensively: The first dimension reflects the degree of formalization and use of metrics; the second dimension represents the use of rankings and labels.	3
The most popular platform in use at RPUs was Digital Commons, used by 130 (39 percent) of the institutions; DSpace, used by 119 (36 percent), was the second most used.	4
It should be noted however, that a term maps represents a simplified version of reality and this can lead to loss of information and to a partial representation of the investigated field.	0
The analysis draws on a sample of 727 articles published in 39 journals.	2
Essentially the same approach has caught on splendidly with bio-medical scientists and those in allied fields.11	0
Also, the RI duly rewards the efforts of the reviewers.	4
A total of 534 documents were identified as relevant and retrieved in CSV format.	2
While there was a significant reduction in cita- tions in first-quartile journals comparing preretraction period to the equivalent postretraction period (five median citations; interquartilic range 3–13 to 4 median citations; interquartilic range 2–8), this was not the case in the remaining quartiles.	4
The regression line provides a good fit with R2=92.3%, p=1.6e-48.	4
The top 100-cited studies were identified based on the citation numbers.	3
By analyzing the latest data from January 2011, it describes the URL-citations network of world's universities at both institutional and national level.	1
Finally, the results obtained are dynamic and will inevitably change over time.	0
To simultaneously assess these biases, we present a new procedure based on the Mahalanobis distance (Mahalanobis, 1936).	3
Ratings from the international research ratings agencies for 2019 was retrieved from their respective websites.	2
To achieve these goals, measuring and/or predicting the research productivity and impact (RPI) of researchers is a very important problem in the domain of academic evaluation.	1
Collaborated publications received 21,744 citations for all subject areas as against 6700 for single-authored publications.	4
For instance, reviewers' recommendations may be the rankings of preferences illustrated in Table 1.	2
Keywords: academic libraries | information literacy | lateral reading | predatory journals | scholarly communications	0
As such, 60 sample papers were drawn for each H&SS subjects.	0
More specifically, the stronger the interdisciplinarity of scientific publications, the greater its ability to attract attention from policy documents.	5
More generally, the results emphatically support Weber's claim that shared lifestyles coincide with interactional closure, especially among the elite.	5
We, therefore, recommend consulting different databases with similar search terms for any literature search in order to avoid bias in, for example, review papers.	5
Phase 2 was an online survey completed by 113 NIHR applicants.	3
The median data collection period was 12 (1.5-24) months, while the median number of researchers participated was 23 (3-180), the median number of cases was 120 (26-192).	4
The papers in international collaboration have received 63.19% of total citations as compared to 36.80% received by non-international collaborative papers.	4
The ESC search engine uses semantic analysis to provide the best results from the keywords typed in http://www.escardio.org/about/welcome/ Pages/Search-the-ESC.aspx.	2
What is the relationship between gender parity in scientific output, collaboration, and impact and each GII indicator, by indicator rank?	1
According to the p value (0.178) generated from the Chi square test, which is greater than the significance level (.05), no statistically significant differences in the distribution of concept categories between NS and SSH citing articles exist.	4
This study utilizes the second approach, collecting the publication list at an individual level to build up a complete, yet manageable publication list for a specific field in the social sciences also encompassing related interdisciplinary literature.	3
First authors of original research articles in 18 Indian biomedical journals were included in the survey.	2
This study introduces a new proposal to refine the classification of the SCImago Journal and Country Rank (SJR) platform by using clustering techniques and an alternative combination of citation measures from an initial 18,891 SJR journal network.	1
From both quantitative and qualitative perspectives, this paper aims to explore China's comparative advantages in different academic disciplines.	1
We will resort to the HCAs, which we define here as those publications that place in the top 1% (HCAS1%) or 5% (HCAS5%) of the world citation rankings for WoS-indexed publications of the same year and subject category.	3
In 1996–2000, Hong Kong published around 3.5 times more than the world average in Decision Sciences and Business, almost three times more in Economics, and slightly above twice the world average in Computer Science.	4
b Precision of Author ID calculated by the mean of each Author ID	0
Finally, and most importantly, metaknowledge is open source and is fully compatible with open and reproducible computing workflows.	5
The purpose of this qualitative study is to discover strategies for communicating to the campus community about collections cancellations so that they will better understand and support the library in making these difficult decisions.	1
One potential implication from our findings is journals that have been labeled as predatory may have generally improved their practices: they accepted our PDF submission, which should be obviously problematic immediately to any viewer, at very low rates.	5
2002, Alberts 2013), we used the quartiles of the SCImago Journal Rank indicator for the subject area of Ecology, Evolution, Behavior, and Systematics (http://www.scimagojr.com).	2
It is therefore paradoxical that multiple scientific papers share the same DOI code.	4
The objective of the peer-reviewer training is to acquaint participants with inequities in publishing and educate them about writing effective peer reviews.	1
TABLE 5: Size, Circulation, and Impact Factor of Journals That Published Rejected AJR Manuscripts	0
The optimal number of co-authors n* increases with the expected difficulty of the project z and decreases with the expected value of the project v.	4
Our research explores the identification, distribution, and evolution of authors' motivations for mentioning algorithm entities, which could provide a basis for future algorithm relationship identification and influence evaluation using motivations.	1
Publication Concerns potentially predatory journals with tag “Publication Concerns” in the Discontinued Source list in September 2018 (252 titles, of which four journals were not in the Source title list).	3
The following analyses make use of data at the level of journals and publications (or “citable items”).	3
Interviews were conducted in Spanish using the Zoom platform between 20 October and 10 November 2020, and they averaged 25 minutes in length.	3
We retrieve the yearly citation count from Scopus using code developed by Rose and Kitchin (2019).	2
We gratefully acknowledge financial support from Aarhus University's Senior Management Strategic Funds for the project 'Contextualizing and Measuring Research Performance' (CoRe).	0
The United States leads the list with 2014 followed by China with 728 and United Kingdom with 360.	4
During the two-month data collection period, 414 responses were received.	2
National Bureau of Economic Research (NBER) dataset (Hall et al.	2
The second includes all journals in the first classification that are not in DOAJ.	2
All articles (research and review articles) for the period 2008-12 were included in the analysis.	2
Two types of links among the data sources were created: (a) between the arXiv e-print and its published version indexed in WoS, and (b) between the arXiv e-print and the citations it received in WoS.	3
According to the participants, reward systems that are heavily dependent on publication records can result in a research environment that is not conducive to research ethics, and which creates self-centred individualistic researchers rather than team players.	4
To address this gap, two university librarians designed an introductory workshop to familiarize campus constituents with the goals of altmetrics, and to underscore the potential of the social web in capturing insights into scholarly influence beyond academe.	3
Interview notes were analyzed following the thematic analysis methods described by Braun and Clarke [59].	3
See Tables 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, and Fig.	0
Only papers published in journals and conference proceedings were taken into account, while other forms of publications, for example abstracts, were disregarded.	2
The h-index for data collected from Scopus is presented.	3
We have therefore used it to study the scholarly output and impact of three scientific disciplines, management, economics, and sociology, in Spain and France, comparing some of the results with those retrieved with Scopus.	1
The probability of publishing within 120 days since the 1st preprint version and the probability of publishing over the entire observed period were analyzed by fitting stratified (in respect to preprint date) logistic regression (package survival, function clogit).	3
Specifically, we are interested in the following questions: ?	1
We can also see that while the developments in funding and publication volume are positively correlated and increasing, the development also correlates with trend in the WoS database.	4
The paper then analyses the efforts of the Scholarly Communication in Africa Programme (SCAP) that worked with UB in training its staff regarding the operation of the IR, and also established a workflow process for vetting, describing and uploading content to the IR so that UB scholarship could become more visible to the world.	3
Figure 3F shows the higher mean citation impact (in log10) in the XDF group (3.8 ± 0.5) with respect to the BIOF (3.4 ± 0.5) and CSF (3.6 ± 0.6) groups.	4
Call for proposals of BiodivERsA and research projects funded on ES.	0
Based on these previous studies, we have also set the time period for our study to ten years, namely from 2008 to 2017.	2
We utilized negative binomial regression, rather than Poisson, because our outcome's conditional variance exceeded its conditional mean in many categories of our predictor variables (Long and Freese 2006).	3
The number of monographic articles was 286 and the non-monographic works were 834.	2
It is thus not surprising, then, that the nature and structure of scientific collaboration has received a great deal of attention.	0
The mean IF (5.67 vs 3.53, p=0.08), h index (90.5 vs 41.8, p <0.001), and SJR (1.82 vs 0.83, p<0.001) for the US/UK journals were higher than those for non-US/UK journals.	4
In the current study, we demonstrated that journals from several different specialties had interest in publishing articles related to aSAH in the recent years.	5
Gender heterogeneous co-authorships are becoming pervasive and seem to be driven by female first authors.	4
The system itself is freely available on the web (NSD Norwegian Centre for Research Data 2016).	0
Specifically, we use a dichotomous measure equal to 1 if a paper has been posted on SSRN before journal acceptance, and 0 otherwise.	3
Book reviews are mainly contributed by authors from developed economies such as the USA and the UK.	4
It is interesting now to consider a more general, thermodynamically “perfect” case where	0
It is clear from this study that much of the published literature is internally focused upon the scope of practice of advanced roles and how they are implemented.	5
In general, there are positive correlations between the number of countries and citations, but there are no significant differences according to the number of low income countries in different types except H&M&L.	4
(2013b): for each academic i of the dataset, we measure the propensity to collaborate, both overall and for individual type of collaboration, through the following indicators:	3
Contents | Author index | Subject index | Search | Home	0
What is the relationship between a country's capacity to produce (i.e., population) and overall production, gender parity in scientific production, and levels of gender equity?	1
Overall, the share of Open Access peer-reviewed output is 53% for the AKA-funded research compared to 48% in the case of Finnish universities.	4
Drawing on corruption theory, we suggest that a range of institutional, environmental, and behavioral factors interacts to provide incentives that sustain research misconduct.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 59(9):1393–1408, 2008	0
Two terms (“?-carotene” and “B-carotene”) were used as the search terms (title, abstract and keywords) in the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection and Scopus (September 1, 2022).	3
We thank Mike Thelwall and Nikola Milosevic for their helpful comments on the draft of this article.	0
The highest percentages of ICSs mentioning UK museums/galleries were in some but not all arts and humanities UoAs: Art and Design: History, Practice and Theory (57%), Classics (56%), Archaeology (44%), History (42%), English Language and Literature (31%), and Music, Drama, Dance, Performing Arts, Film and Screen Studies (25.5%).	4
Thus, the publication data for current research is downloaded and merged from Scopus and Web of Science using the various inclusion/exclusion criteria available.	2
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
For 1 journal (2 cases) JCR omitted to list total citations data.	0
(2010) synthetic control approach that uses data-driven procedures to construct suitable comparison groups.	3
What are the general scientific collaboration characteristics of CHL research, considering that health law is an interdisciplinary subject of natural science and social science and thus, in theory, should cooperate with those fields.	1
The relative impact factor (RIF) was calculated by medical specialty defined in Journal Citation Reports.	3
It will appear that data fitting is performed as is usually done in physics, namely a least squares fit of log-log data of the rank-frequency form.	3
Figure 4 demonstrates this because those in the top 25 of each cohort are much more likely to have a profile than those in the bottom 25.	4
In conclusion, as graduate students experience increased expectations for publication of their research, it is imperative for university administrators and faculty members to assess the impact of increasing expectations for publication and provide additional resources and mentoring to allow graduate students to reach these new expectations.	5
Specifically, in this study, we answer three research questions: (1) “Are traditional and Twitter citations in information science significantly different in statistical perspective?” (2) “Do traditional and Twitter citations in information science have a structural difference when constructing networks of co-occurring papers in their reference list?” (3) “Are traditional and Twitter citations in information science contextually different in topics?”	1
To evaluate the proposed SA index, the 5-year Journal Impact Factor for 2009 to 2013, the total number of published papers, the total number of citations, and the countries of all 85 journals in the Health Care Sciences and Services were extracted from Thomson Reuters's JCR.	2
We can use the studies on medicine and the social sciences as a comparison against our own findings.	0
After the uncompleted surveys were eliminated, 460 were identified as valid.	2
A total of 1460 Basic Science and Clinical Science articles were identified, with the number of citations, downloads and Altmetric scores.	2
Can global ranking systems be substitutes for national ranking systems?	1
Is the Theory of Planned Behavior an appropriate conceptual framework for evaluating the participants' intention to use AI in inquiry-based teaching?	1
For comprehensive access to the complete evaluation data of scholars, the data for this study comprise a set of downloaded records retrieved from the WoS in the May 7, 2019.	2
The overall motives for collaboration in the JCPM program also align with those proposed by Dusdal and Powell (2021), including access to research funds, data, accessibility to young researchers, development of new methods, equipment, laboratories, or science infrastructure.	5
Seeking the reasons for such a behaviour is out of scope for this paper and we leave it as an interesting question for future research.	0
Thus, approximately one out of every three articles contained assertions that were not supported by Freeman et al.	5
In light of this, the aims of this study were, to analyze publication trends relating to the top 5 commonly performed aesthetic surgical procedures; and to assess the origins (source specialty, authorship, institutions and countries) of published aesthetic surgical research over the past four decades.	1
Then, tf-idf term weighting will be computed for each document, each of the 3-g being treated as a term.	3
In contrast with the IF and short-term citations that lack predictive power, we find that c*∞ offers a journal-independent assessment of a paper’s long term impact, with a meaningful interpretation: It captures the total number of citations a paper will ever acquire or the discovery’s ultimate impact.	5
According to the original design idea, the CSSCI system consists of three subsystems: the data processing subsystem, the information retrieval subsystem and the statistics and analysis subsystem.	3
The APC model conflicts with a value system that is based on equity and inclusion.	5
The research tried to cover the universe of texts that fulfilled the requirements mentioned and that were published between 2000 and 2006.	2
In order to ensure the universality of the experimental results, this paper collects the article data from four different fields: Physics, Chemistry, Oncology and Neurology.	2
We report the results of a metascientific field experiment on the effect of the originality of a study and the statistical significance of its primary outcome on reviewers' evaluations.	1
The best way to promote the dissemination and utilization of scientific resources is immediate OA, which is the final realization mode of the OA movement, which also promotes the dissemination of scientific knowledge, and further enhances the influence of periodicals.	5
We find that, relative to flat, egalitarian teams, tall, hierarchical teams produce less novelty and more often develop existing ideas, increase productivity for those on top and decrease it for those beneath, and increase short-term citations but decrease long-term influence.	4
For the calculation of the benchmarks for each indicator, we computed the pairwise difference between all universities.	3
Se obtuvo que existe una alta correlación entre el número de citas en Dimensions y Mendeley (r = 0.797), además de una asociación moderada (r = 0.413) entre las menciones en blogs y sitios de noticias; mientras que para los demás indicadores altmétricos la correlación resulta muy baja (Tabla 6).	4
Using a dataset of over 1.2 million authors and 144 million collaborative relationships, we capture international and unbounded co-authorship networks that include intra- and interdisciplinary co-authorship ties across time (2009–2013).	1
In the second stage, we will investigate the validity of the hypotheses for grant size by using linear regression on a data set consisting of private firms in the same countries that have participated in an H2020 project.	3
This suggests that academics in arts and history mostly engage or collaborate with museum/gallery staff or experts primarily through non-research pathways (e.g., consultations, exhibitions, or public events) rather than through formal research collaborations.	5
Received 9 June 2019; Accepted 31 July 2019; Published 9 January 2020	0
Here, we ask a set of simple but relatively unexplored questions: If one changes the research agenda and succeeds in the new field, is she going to publish better research works than she used to do?	1
Book reviews were very common in arts and humanities, common in social sciences, but rare in natural sciences.	4
As a data source, I used the Thomson Reuters Web of Science (WoS) database, comprising the following citation databases: Science Citation Index-Expanded (1900-present); Social Sciences Citation Index (1900-present); Arts and Humanities Citation Index (1977-present); Conference Proceedings Citation Index-Science (1990-present); Conference Proceedings Citation Index-Social Science and Humanities (1990-present); Book Citation Index—Science (2005-present); Book Citation Index—Social Sciences & Humanities (2005-present).	2
The institutions with the majority of publications were the National Autonomous University of Mexico (22.3%), the National Institute of Cancerology (21.9%), and Social Security Mexican Institute (20.3%); clinical observation studies were the dominant investigation type (64%), and the main types of research were metabolics (24.2%) and pathology (21.5%).	4
The following steps were taken to identify an earliest known existence date for each journal's affiliated Web site.	0
Agents first choose papers to read based on their expected quality, become influenced by those that are sufficiently good, and substantively cite them.	3
Rankings for research productivity (i.e., number of publications) and impact (e.g., citation counts) were evaluated using the Publish or Perish software.	3
To cite this article: Lutishoor Salisbury, Yang Tian & Jeremy J.	0
This was also the case if we compared averages instead of medians.	0
In addition, a detailed structured questionnaire was administered face-to-face to FIS hosts.	3
The measure of closeness centrality does not consider the weight of the link.	0
Multiply by 12.5 (20 for Social Sciences and Arts and Humanities) to correct for researchers not using Mendeley	0
If the peer review process is informative and the review reports are costly for the reviewers, even biased referees with extreme scientific preferences may choose to become informed about the manuscript's quality.	4
Section 5 discusses the findings with the reported literature and Section 6 concludes our study with the limitations and future work.	0
Three main sources of data were compiled for this study: semi structured interviews with participants of the programme and the persons administering the programme on behalf of the funder; earlier evaluations of the programme and attendance at one of the workshops designed for programme participants.	2
This is expected as the share of female AI researchers was very small in the beginning years, and their choices were limited.	0
Upon conducting regular quality control, overall author satisfaction with one external company gradually increased over the course of one year (P for trend = 0.086).	4
Co-authorship among authors with at least three articles and ten citations.	0
This research employs narrative analysis to present the research findings, delving into people's experiences and behaviours to understand the underlying meaning through storytelling (Clandinin and Connelly 2000).	3
For RQ2, we adopted FRE and NDC to measure the readability of abstracts (Graf-Vlachy, 2021; Plavén-Sigray et al., 2017).	3
Keywords analysis reveals relative composition of research fields in AJTI articles.	3
Projects developed in the Protected Natural Areas of the Tamaulipas by researchers from the Autonomous University of Tamaulipas (Universidad Autónoma de Tamaulipas— UAT) were identified.	2
A total of 3366 research articles indexed under the Medical Heading Subject Heading “Global Health" published between 2010 and 2014 were retrieved using PubMed to (1) quantify the uptake of various types of OA, (2) estimate the article processing charges (APCs) of OA, and (3) analyse the relationship between different types of OA, their scholarly impact and gross national income per capita of citing countries.	2
It consisted of 1,064 publishers and 1,132 journals.	2
Received: 26 September 2007 / Accepted: 5 March 2008 / Published online: 21 March 2008	0
Regression models (both linear and local scatterplot smoothing) were used to determine factors associated with NIH funding.	3
The purpose of this study was to examine the citation frequency and key themes of award-winning refereed journal articles from the journals sponsored by the AHRD.	1
Indeed, focusing on individuals whose proposals fell just above and below the threshold allows us to compare observationally-similar individuals who are either near misses (individuals who just missed receiving funding) or narrow wins (individuals who just succeeded in getting funded).	3
However, citations self-cited by an inventor/ applicant should be weighted highest, closely followed by examiner citations, and non-self-cited inventor/applicant citations should be weighted lowest.	5
This paper presents a novel study employing the bibliometrics method to analyze TNBC publications retrieved on the Web of Science (Thomson Reuters Company) database from 2007 to 2015.	1
To evaluate these metrics, we first computed the Spearman correlations among the obtained values of these metrics to assess their similarities and differences.	3
The results show that longer articles are more likely to mention references multiply, and self-citing references are more likely to be mentioned multiple times.	4
The implementation of our approach including usage instructions can be found at GitHub under https://github.com/dbis-trier-university/Semantometrics.	0
The findings include that the capacity to conduct research on higher education internationalization is not very distributed worldwide, with much research concentrated mostly in developed countries (see Figure 4).	5
Each record includes 25 metadata fields representing best publishing practices.	3
E-mail addresses for 830 individuals were obtained from FAER.	2
Our analysis contributes to the small but growing empirical literature studying scientists' decisions to redirect their research orientation by looking at the decision to enter new fields.	1
4, we can see that the fittings between node degree and frequency have been a significantly linear positive correlation.	4
The study found both similarities and differences in the scholarly networks of these two countries.	4
Focusing on the bibliometric analysis, of the 469 articles based on the QCA methodology, 236 use csQCA, 222 use fsQCA, and 11 use mvQCA.	4
On the basis of the conducted analysis, it can be concluded that in the scope of enhancing the effectiveness of Polish science, Poland has managed to build a coherent system consisting of a research evaluation system, academic promotion procedures and grant agencies.	5
Para a análise dos dados, foram usados métodos mistos, quantitativo e qualitativo, visto que os dois se complementam.	3
In order to assess author and institution impact based on these weighting measures and journal quality/impact, we utilized an algorithm to account for contributions and impact/quality in a stepwise fashion, which is detailed throughout the Results section.	3
The two sub-networks of “knowledge management” and “open access" exist throughout, indicating that the researchers of LIS have paid considerable attention to the two topics in recent years.	4
The main results of this study show that, despite the prevalence of the concentration of research capabilities in the richest regions of the country, there was a strengthening of knowledge production in historically more neglected regions.	5
Beall's list was used to identify predatory publishers and James McCrostie's criteria to assess if a conference should be considered as predatory.	3
We hypothesized that one should be more likely to identify open science practices (here publishing open access and sharing data) in empirical publications that were part of a Ph.D.	1
This biobibliometric study highlights the major aspects of the career of the Indian librarian and information scientist, Bimal Kanti Sen.	1
Themes concerning the influences of government accountability requirements on research councils and the approaches of these agencies in dealing with these demands were identified through content analysis (Budd, Thorp and Donohew 1967; Krippendorf 1980; Weber 1996).	3
If you would like to write for this, or any other Emerald publication, then please use our Emerald for Authors service information about how to choose which publication to write for and submission guidelines are available for all.	0
In exceptional cases (such as Hal White, who passed away in 2012), we could not find CVs.	0
Table 2 shows that the EOC network is rapidly expanding in the last decade.	4
Another important finding was that neurosurgeon-scientists were more likely to receive oncology-related grants than neurosurgical non-oncology-related grants.	5
Regarding the research areas (Table 2), also considering possible overlapping classifications, “Engineering” (n=240,064/28.0%) and “General Internal Medicine” (n=166,087/20.0%) ranks the first and second positions.	4
They find that most customers press one of the default option buttons (for example, a $3 tip for a ride under $15) that specify the amount to tip the driver—enough to raise the average amount tipped across the full sample.	4
We find that, in this set, publications with joint authorship from biology and computing scholars also have significantly higher citation impact than publications with biology authorship only.	4
16468 global papers were identified that were cited 273500 times until 2013-08-15.	4
Our research examines data on scholars who had research visits from 2012 to 2014 because they had three to four years to develop afterwards (the data are as of March 2018).	2
However, we also document other influencing factors that to a certain extent can be regarded as sources of biases.	5
According to the above preliminary analysis, it can be deduced that the effects of researcher quality and R&D budget on research	0
To test this, the authors measure research productivity in the hard sciences for all Italian universities over the period 2004–2008 at the levels of the institution, their individual disciplines and fields within them.	1
A problem peer reviews share with other research evaluation systems built on indicators and bibliometrics.	0
the members of the CCES Community on the project level, mainly represented by the principal investigators and the leading project partners.	3
We specifically call on all international chemical societies to work together to create an evaluative framework for chemistry researchers that go beyond commonly-used bibliometrics to create a framework for the equitable evaluation of research in the context of the broad impacts it provides to scholarship and in the greater society.	5
With the objective of delineating dynamic changes of the field of scientometrics, the period 2005–2010 was studied and further divided into two consecutive periods: 2005–2007 and 2008–2010.	1
This Medicare dataset is publicly available on the CMS website.	2
Approximately three-fourths of the scientists working in otorhinolaryngology and head and neck surgery, and its sub-branches, have an h-index score of 30 or greater.	4
During the 2005-2014 period Spain produced a total of 620,709 papers indexed in the Web of Science from which 56,300 were published in OA journals.	4
Our study population consisted of all current members of the American Pediatric Surgical Association (APSA) as listed in the directory in July of 2012.	2
This resulted in a sub-set of editorial materials (n = 28,004 editorial materials, 8 % of all) from the total set, to conduct further analyses on.	3
The journal focuses mainly on IT and innovations in the relative technologies and applications.	5
To account for these two nonnested sets of clusters, I use a Huber-White sandwich estimator of the coefficients' standard errors based on a generalization of the cluster-robust variance matrix.	3
[RQ1] What are the differences between percentiles of citation counts, in WoS and Scopus databases, for the same papers?	1
Further information is drawn from a scoping study (Arvanitis et al. 2014), over thirty interviews conducted during 2013-16, and the authors' professional experience in managing and performing research.	2
While in 2000, publications from the 50 most cited cities received 50% of citations, in 2007 they only received 44% (or a decrease of 6 points).	4
Both authors: Department of Radiology, Bowman Gray School of Medicine, Wake Forest University, Medical Center Blvd., Winston-Salem, NC 27157-1022.	0
This research uses two new data sources (Unpaywall, Dimensions) that contain more data about books and chapters than have been readily available before, to analyse the extent to which OA and non-OA books and chapters might differ in social sharing and broader impact, as reported by the Altmetric.com service and Mendeley, a research bookmarking system.	1
Data were extracted, and descriptive, bivariate, and multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed (α=.05).	3
Emerging Latin American and Chinese cities have established high scientific collaboration in terms of the number of co-authored papers with many cities located in developed countries, but only few of these collaborations (at least in terms of proportion) have produced new scientific breakthroughs (indicated by the low number of highly cited papers).	4
The results indicate that more research is being conducted in science disciplines as compared to social sciences.	4
Although the responses were rarely sufficiently specific to be unambiguously categorized, many could be interpreted as pointing to the fertility of a contribution (i.e.	4
The target population focuses on biological scientists in US research institutions.	2
The aim of this study is to explore trends in retracted publications in life sciences and biomedical sciences over axes like time, countries, journals and impact factors, and topics.	1
Apparently, the statistical behavior of the empirical samples was much like it could be expected on the basis of the model studies on the beta distributions.	4
Five journals could be tracked for this entire period, and two (JPP and PS-UK) were added to JCR in 2011.	2
To conclude, nearly one-tenth of index articles published in two major Indian psychiatry journals were associated with redundant publications, of which most were salami publications with inadequate cross-referencing to prior papers.	5
Our analyses of four years of social network data found evidence of a strong collaborative network among fellows, as well as preliminary evidence of increased scientific collaboration.	5
To combine names that appear as advisee and as advisor in the dataset, we have developed a rule-based Algorithm 2 (Flowchart in Appendix Fig.	3
To address these questions, we propose a simple, theoretical model of optimal rewards for publication in academic journals.	1
Language and the Human Development Index (HDI) explained the geographic variation in the proportion of papers sent for review, but socioeconomics alone (HDI) was the best predictor of mean review scores obtained by papers and whether authors were invited to submit a revision.	4
In order to compare network structures of nations between pre-COVID-19 and during COVID-19, we construct global collaboration networks based on coauthorships in publications for the subset of data at the international level.	3
Utilizing the journal impact factor to assess research performance at the individual, institutional, or national levels appears not to be the most appropriate method.	5
3 Changes in the annual percentages of articles among the top five industries	0
Patent-to-paper citations can be interpreted as knowledge flow from science to technology, which increases over time but varies across countries (Gazni, 2020).	3
The distribution of citations numbers of HBO2-related publications is extremely skewed with a long tail, indicating that some publications were frequently cited, and most publications were seldom cited.	5
Zheng Liang: Conceived and designed the analysis; Performed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
The Pearson correlation and simple linear regression model with a p value of 0.05 were used to determine significance.	3
is the number of authors on an article and An is the number of articles with n authors published during that period.	0
Accordingly, much attention has been paid to the bibliometrics analysis of Chinese publication records recently, among which Ronald N.	0
We included all the documents within the SCI whose topic was solid waste from all previous years up to 31 December 2012.	2
These figures state that 39 laboratories of CSIR produced 39,400 publications in 5 years (2012–17).	4
IJLM authors affiliated to the Cranfield University and the US contributed the highest count of articles.	4
Compared to other developing countries like Brazil, the productivity of Indian therapists is considerably low.	5
All statistical analyses were conducted using IBM SPSS Statistics software version 25 (IBM Corp., Armonk, NY, USA).	3
In the Social Sciences, the distance between the two respective barycenters for peer reviewed and non-peer reviewed book publications is on average greater than in the Humanities.	4
The "Orthopedics" discipline was still the most prevalent with 68% of all publications identified.	4
NIH funding for 2013 was obtained for each individual faculty member from the NIH Research Portfolio Online Reporting Tools Expenditures and Reports (RePORTER).	2
One main finding of the study is that the knowledge base of scientists independent of being internationally mobile or not grows with time.	4
The highest proportion of retracted publications corresponded to Iran (15.52 per 10,000), followed by Egypt and China (11.75 and 8.26 per 10,000).	4
This prescription to not solely rely on the JIF when rewarding work and allocating resources implies that while JIF should not be relied on as sole criterion, the authors deem it an important criterion nonetheless.	1
The kappa coefficient between the two systems was 0.477 (for gamma ≥ 0.2); the topics related with human beings presented higher concordance.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 59 (14):2305-2311, 2008	0
The excluded reports included review articles, editorials, case reports, guideline statements, and errata.	2
Interpersonal communication journals include: Human Communication Research, Communication Theory, Communication Monographs, European Journal of Communication, Quarterly Journal of Speech, and the regional speech journals.	0
In a nutshell, these three publishers/editors raise critical concerns regarding a failure to consider issues such as a lack of funding for the publishers, dissemination of the published work and sustainability of OA as a business model.	4
*Data could not be obtained because number of publications were more than the limitation of ISI (10000).	0
Ultimately, a policy-relevant insight into the sources of these publication output differences requires a full understanding of discipline-specific R&D expenditures, funding allocation mechanisms, numbers of researchers, research evaluation procedures, and promotion and hiring practices.	5
The main source of patent abstracts is the Federal Institute for Industrial Property, a subsidiary of Russian Patent Office.	2
We developed an HRS-based comprehensive evaluation program to our national vision as well as our regional and international research competition.	5
The scientific production during the period of 1991–2000 of a set of 158 Dutch research groups in chemistry is studied considering several bibliometric indicators in the perspective of the durability of the publications in terms of the citations received.	2
EABCA can find a more detailed intellectual structure, especially among research interest groups that are not distinguished, as shown in factor and network analysis.	5
The creation of the European Research Area (ERA) represents an effective action that has deepened intracontinental research collaborations and the position of the European Union (EU) in global science.	4
Secondly, the equal opportunity model (EOM) (Zhou, 2021) is applied to calculate the different components of journal citation.	3
Unfortunately, in this paper we cannot go into the details of this concept, see DAVID (1985).	0
According to the Spearman's Rank correlation coefficient (“Annex”, Table 8) for the bibliometric indicators of total output, as the volume of scientific production increases, so does leadership, whereas excellence decreases.	4
This paper seeks to bring these methods together in a framework designed to distinguish Big Data research publications.	1
For this reason, I suggested the “m index” (the quotient of the h-index divided by the number of years elapsed since the scientist's first publication) as a “timeless” index to make comparisons between scientists who are at different stages of their career.	3
2014) recommendations for science policy which may be directly applicable to the MS Programme, as well as to hospitals and research centres affiliated with the NHS wishing to implement or develop a research agenda.	0
Publishing research results in an academic journal reflects achievement by researchers; however, receiving a grant award does not.	4
The study has been conducted in three stages: (1) extracting all the different types of scientific outputs in the fields of language and literature from published articles on the subject, (2) seeking opinions from experts in the fields of language and literature to modify and complete the list of outputs, and (3) Weighing scientific outputs according to the goals and approaches of research.	3
It was clear from the data that many participants are not aware of the existence of the predatory journals.	4
The Islamic Parliament enacted “The law on preventing and confronting the fraud in preparation of scientific works”.	4
Shaheen Syed and Lia ní Aodha are co-first authors and contributed equally.	0
This paper investigates the multidisciplinary characteristics of TM through journal citation network analysis.	1
Comments from Jacob Baker, Margareta Bergman, Marcel Cardillo, John Ewen, Andy Gonzalez, Michael Hochberg, Anders P.	0
This finding reflects a massive enhancement to the quality of GWO articles over the years.	0
We develop an (undirected) research collaboration model based on which we identify the drivers of global research collaboration using publication data of the field Business and Economics from the Web of Science and macroeconomic data from the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization Institute for Statistics.	3
The journals were divided into four main disciplinary areas: natural sciences (23 journals), engineering (13 journals), clinical medicine & biomedical sciences (7 journals), and social sciences (5 journals).	2
Scopus (Elsevier BV, Amsterdam, Netherlands) is the largest abstract and citation database of scientific peer-reviewed data, including >22,000 titles from international publishers.	2
Figure 3 shows that bottom classes comprise one fourth of authors in all macro fields and contribute less than 5% of the total in seven out of 10 indicators.	4
This analysis not only considered the most frequently used journals but also the types of studies.	3
The aim of the present study was to investigate sleep researchers' perceptions of journals in their field to determine whether subjective rankings were in line with the impact factors of the journals.	1
Here, we set out to understand which factors, academic or otherwise, allow a mathematics graduate degree holder to transition to a DG faculty member in mathematics and how generally difficult this transition is to make.	1
This article argues that, scientometrics reviews can strengthen a journal's reach and impact if incorporated purposefully within journal management.	5
However, as can be seen from Appendix B in ANVUR (2013), 1,602 selected scientific articles (17.4% of the sample) were not assigned a final bibliometric class for the reasons specified in Section 3.1 and were hence sent to informed peer review (IR).	2
We used a generalized linear model (GLM) that is useful in dealing with non-linear distribution responses.	3
Network analysis also identified a small, closed network consisting of five of the top-10 institutions, which suggests that these networks hire more frequently from one another than from other institutions in the network.	4
Ultimately, a unified field of science of science holds a vast potential for tackling foundational questions about the origins, foundations and limits of science.	5
In sum, we find evidence of increased output, broader collaboration, and more frequently recognized impacts post-hire for a sample of individuals hired into clusters.	5
As mentioned above, time series were generated exclusively using the data reported in the first page of the selected scientific papers in agreement with Mallig's view (Mallig, 2010).	3
The top 12 general surgery journals were identified via SCImago Journal & Country Rank, a public database that uses Scopus to classify journal and country scientific domains.	2
Social media were generally well down on the list of credible scholarly resources, which is very much in line with previous findings.	4
This concept is new and hence, like most new concepts, all its ramifications have not been worked out.	5
What are the TLDs, hosts, publishers and specific URLs computer scientists shared most in 2014?	1
This work clearly demonstrates that open access preprints will have a stronger growth tendency as compared to traditional printed publications in astrophysics.	5
The citation advantage is apparently not quality related; citation-specific factors (e.g., self-citations) seem to be important here.	4
For each publication p, let R p x (resp.	3
In our methodological framework, the comparison of two independent groups of nodes/ links in the network is based on the application of the Mann-Whitney U test (Mann and Whitney 1947) and accompanying probabilities of superiority (Erceg-Hurn and Mirosevich 2008).	3
The collaborative network analysis was carried out on the VOSviewer software, which produces distance- based maps in which the size of the items reflect the number of scien- tific literature contributions and the collaborative strength is repre- sented by the thickness and distances of the lines connecting different items, so large items linked by thick and short lines indicate stronger relation and vice versa.	3
We wish to assess the role of aggregate journal ranking system in explaining the expert scores in a responsible assessment exercise using an approach that fully reflects the impact of various factors observed at the institution level (Battistin and Ovidi, 2022; Linton and Xu, 2022).	3
Round 3 asked several clarifying questions, including the importance of various indicators of knowledge in a peer reviewer, the degree to which certain reviewer activities were helpful in managing a journal, and the importance of various elements of a review.	3
To address this gap, as well as to complement and advance previous works, we aim to investigate the familiarity and usage of traditional metrics and altmetrics in academia for research evaluation, as well as to analyze the strategies scholars apply to promote their research.	1
The results indicate that Open Access institutional repositories become an advantageous channel of scientific communication to grey literature like dissertations and PhD theses, because it increases visibility and use and also it produces a rate of citation.	4
The Scopus data for AI show 21.5 % foreign participation for cancer research in India in period T?.	4
In response to editors filling out the short multiple-choice questionnaire of 12 questions, PREP will provide tailored suggestions for potential improvements to editorial procedures.	3
The global literature on COVID-19 VE from 2021 to 2024 was extracted from the VIEW-hub website.	2
The research reviews the literature and current practices within higher education with regard to the core purposes of institutional repositories, the possible causes of low population of repositories in some institutions and subject disciplines, how this is being addressed and likely future developments.	1
To understand previous applications of SNA tools in bibliometrics, we conducted an interdisciplinary search of published literature reviews in Web of Science that utilized key word co-occurrence, co-citation, or co-authorship analyses.	3
An overview of the repository where the library is hosted shows more than 2000 installs through the Rust Cargo package manager as of September 12, 2024.	4
Our study provides a historical perspective on the progress of dissection research, and helps to identify the quality of the work, the discoveries made, and the trends steering the studies.	5
In the present study, drawing on nationally representative surveys of physicists and biologists in eight societies, we attempted to assess the importance of international collaborations to scientists, the extent of their participation in such collaborations, and the barriers they perceive to such collaborations.	1
This project evaluates the impact of the National Science Foundation's (NSF) policy to promote education in the responsible conduct of research (RCR).	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=wlab20	0
A major proportion of the social impact (high AASs) was focused on neurodegenerative disorders such as dementia and neurodegenerative disorders.	4
Using a much larger and more varied sample of universities based on CitEc data and QS rankings, we find qualified support for depth relevance.	5
International collaboration of Cuban institutions has been increasing steadily since 2000 with European institutions sharing the highest presence in collaborative papers with Cuban institutions (Figure 3).	4
We employed the following two datasets: (i) a dataset that is focused on the field of computer science and (ii) a dataset that is based on physics.	2
Received: 10 June 2022 / Accepted: 9 January 2023 / Published online: 31 January 2023	0
Since then, MIS has made progress both in terms of quality and quantity of research contribution.	0
We use the term “Zoomification” to refer to the primary mode of research collaboration used by academic researchers during much of the COVID-19 pandemic.	1
The study indicates that women scientists published about 0.36 articles per author and male scientists published 0.50 articles per author.	5
This highlights the fact that preprints are not a substitute for peer-reviewed publication but were merely a platform for early presentation of studies in public domain.	5
In sum, although consensus around different elements of open banking is limited, it could be defined as "a generally regulated framework that enables banking customers to share their data with third parties, commonly through standardized interfaces such as APIs, to increase competition in the financial sector."	5
The most reported decision-making approaches were external peer review, triage, and face-to-face committee meetings;	4
A total of 90 interviews with Polish artist-academics were conducted for this project.	2
The most cited research article was published by Akadiri, P.O., Chinyio, E.A. and Olomolaiye, P.O. in 2012, with 181 citations.	4
In March 2019, we collected citation counts and Altmetric Attention Scores for each article published in 2014 and 2016 using the Dimensions database (Digital Science, n.d.-b).	3
We set out to study the specific sector of public health in Spain, a country with a high degree of regional autonomy.	1
Offsetting is about recognizing the total spend that an institution makes; what Jisc Collections is calling the 'total cost of ownership'.	1
Articles published in clinical journals were cited more often (mean, 12.3 clinical, 9.3 radiology general versus 8.7 in AJNR), and whether published in radiology or clinical journals, they were cited more frequently by clinical journals.	4
However, significant differences were observed in the percentages of academics and professionals according to country.	0
This method of sharing a paper initially as a storyboard with clear expectations, assignments and deadlines fosters communication and creates unambiguous opportunities for all authors to contribute intellectually.	3
We are grateful to former editor of the Bulletin of Marine Science, S Sponaugle, for the inspiration and initial idea that resulted in this work.	0
Here, we created and administered a survey to 99 undergraduate students to rate the effectiveness of titles of psychology papers that varied in length, use of colons, acronyms, clichés, being results-oriented, and phrased the title as a question.	3
The journal with the highest number of top 100 cited articles was The New England Journal of Medicine with 23, followed by 22 in Diabetes Care.	4
However, while these conditions are technical and hard to interpret when applied to abstract subsets of product sets, they yield a natural and appealing interpretation when translated into the language of scholar rankings.	5
We created the joint paper network of researcher and supervisor using bibliographic coupling.	3
The evaluation system might impede data sharing because it mainly focuses on first and last authorship and undervalues the contributor's work.	5
In the next step, FFa scores and labels of sample articles were extracted manually from F1000.	2
The sources of quality notions cannot be reduced to a single type of authority.	5
Hub-spoke network models showing citation numbers between specific journals were created for top-ranked journals in medical (A-D) and surgical (E-H) specialties.	0
Bibliometric indexes were compared according to funding status.	3
We then investigate how the productions of general Ph.Ds and academic Ph.Ds are distributed among universities.	3
In this way, the mapping procedure is transformed into an optimization problem, and a genetic algorithm is introduced to search for the best weights.	3
However, technological diversity could also increase production costs; hamper economies of scale, and impede standardization and the learning of routines.	0
have conference papers published by this community been more cited than journal papers?	1
A discussion is held regarding the effects of providing young promising researchers with sufficient funding, and the cost of failing to do so.	0
Findings show a steadily rising contribution from leading domestic authors in SSH research, with an annual growth rate of approximately 22.33%.	4
As is known to all, the network ties in the patent document can be divided into undirected connections and directed connections.	0
The medians calculated for each journal are also listed in Table 1.	0
This article conducts an in-depth analysis of ESI highly cited papers in the field of computer science, with the purpose of providing reference for researchers to expand their research directions and participate in international cooperation.	1
Scientific productivity in neurosciences in Latin America would benefit from the consolidation of more regional, interdisciplinary and international research networks.	5
The purpose of this research is to identify the significant parameters that map on qualitative judgments of international scientific societies in Civil Engineering (CE) for award nominations.	1
The preceding discussion suggests a hypothesis and a research question regarding the impact of news coverage on scholars' subsequent citations of research published in scholarly journals:	0
J ∝ 1/r, as found by Ausloos (Scientometrics 95:895–909, 2013) still holds for subfields, i.e.	1
The prestige maximization model and principal-agent theory provide the theoretical framework for the study, which examines 6334 articles published in six elite journals in the context of 21,442 articles in 41 core journals.	3
In our calculations, we used data corresponding to the 2014 JCR Science edition.	2
A first-glance comparison shows that while the maps associated with SARS and MERS are well connected, connections across the Covid-19 map are rather sparse.	4
We use the variable Diversity Index which builds on the methodology proposed by Porter et al.	3
The interview record was compared with the previous year's (2016) record to identify changes in interviewees' responses to a set of questions on their knowledge of ethics in scholarly communication.	3
He is a Distinguished Member of AIS and also a member of the International Federation of Automation and Control (IFAC) Engineering Technical Committee for International Stability and Technology (SWIIS TC9.5).	0
Our results confirm that the conservation community in high-income countries have greater easy access than their counterparts in the rest of the world.	5
Beyond the original and target fields, boundary crossing activities also demonstrate spillover effects, causing additional knowledge flows among a wider range of fields beyond physics.	4
The use of control indicators allows the identification of behaviors in need of correction among some investigators, for example an excessive degree of self-citation, endogamy with regard to the primary journal of publication, and an excessive dependence on other investigators.	5
RQ1: For long-term U.S. researchers, how does the average citation impact of their work vary during their careers?	1
The NA methodology applied not only identifies the main relationships between pairs of keywords (microscopic view) but also reveals the existence of large communities of interlinked keywords (macroscopic view).	5
Received 28 July 2021; Received in revised form 14 March 2022; Accepted 5 May 2022	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:333301 []	0
In this study, ‘R’ software (R Core Team 2012) has been used.	3
The following search query was used in Scopus to collect the data: 'AFFILCOUNTRY (Ukraine) AND SUBJAREA (ARTS) AND PUBYEAR < 2022 AND PUBYEAR > 2011'.	2
Like most of other scientific areas, the literature of physics and astronomy is traditionally largely based on journal publications.”	0
Thus, the first 100 scientists were ranked by accessing the Google Scholar information of 5934 scientists from all over the world.	2
3 shows that, compared with control papers, retracted papers receive a higher fraction of critical tweets, especially when looking at longer time periods, between 5 and 6 mo.	4
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:451335 []	0
Here, six bipartite networks are induced from the subsets of papers defined by the authorship categories presented in Section 2.1.	3
In this paper, we adopt the latter one, the citation-based approach to create the academic landscape in SSME, because text mining requires subjective parameters to obtain relevant results in text extraction and in clustering, compared to citation-based approaches.	3
The second stage involved manual coding of comments and was designed to address RQ1–RQ3.	3
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the disciplinary orientation of scientific publications that were mentioned on different social media platforms, focussing on their differences and similarities with citation counts.	1
According to degree centrality, which showed in the Table 5, “Mohebali, M” (257) have the highest co-authorship frequency with others, followed by “Vatandoost" (133) and “Oshaghi" (123).	4
Our sample consists of 494 doctoral students who completed their studies at a Swedish university between 2006 and 2010 at the faculty of science and technology and the faculty of medicine.	2
For OA and RA deposits combined, mandates that required deposit “at time of acceptance” had a significantly higher deposit rate than mandates that required deposit “at time of publication” or “unspecified.”	4
The USA also demonstrated the highest mean impact factor (3.5).	4
This suggests that the domains as indicated by these disciplines play major roles in attracting grants.	5
Combining the average age of the active articles with the impact factors of journals, we found that some journals with short-term attraction strategies can also build long-term impact.	5
At the moment, a classic method to evaluate the impact of a research output is based on the number of citations for an article.	0
Research Question (RQ) 1: How do rhetorical citations impact the citation-quality correlation?	1
Furthermore, it must also be clarified which types of publications should be taken into account, whether there should be	0
The data in this study consist of 172,662 full-text articles published from 2006 to 2015 in the PLoS journal family, a set of peer-reviewed journals covering various disciplines (detailed in Table 2).	2
To this end, the selection of high-quality manuscripts is reformulated as a special case of investment in the stock market, following (Kelly 1956; Cover and Thomas 1991).	3
To assess the presence or absence of such networks, co-authorship analysis can be conducted to look at sustained collaborations between authors and the clusters of countries that tend to work with one another over time.	3
The employed dataset contains 5000 papers containing 39420 sections of different journals.	2
The average ratio of citations to publications, however, was less extreme than typical—their top 20 % most cited articles account for 65% of their citations.	4
The author(s) received financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: from the Jan Wallander and Tom Hedelius Foundation (Grant W18-0053) and the Swedish Research Council (Grant 2019-03198).	0
Number of crystallographic papers given in CAS Section 75 with modifications noted in text (closed circles), and total number of papers in all fields abstracted by CAS (open circles) from all journals examined, by journal publication year.	0
Our results have shown that, despite an exponential increase in publication output by the Chinese scientific community, the most relevant global knowledge flows that are consumed by the international scientific community based on important citations are still from the United States, followed by the United Kingdom and Germany.	5
We also used the number of times each of these articles was cited in the first 8 years since publication as a measure of its impact.	2
Over the course of the review process, 69 papers were withdrawn (most papers were withdrawn after reviews were released), leaving 322 in the anonymous condition and 310 in the non-anonymous condition.	2
The sample set consists of 16,622 referencing errors of a highly cited paper published by Laemmli, UK in Nature in 1970.	2
In this study, the general science mapping workflow consists of five stages: (a) study design, (b) data collection, (c) data analysis, (d) data visualization, and (e) interpretation (B?rner et al., 2005; Zupic & Cater, 2015).	3
This article examines an example where the political and academic roles of peer-review clash resulting in panel deliberations that are infiltrated by external motivations to advocate in favour for promoting research's public value, thereby influencing the evaluation outcomes from the peer-review process.	1
This article has been accepted for publication and undergone full peer review but has not been through the copyediting, typesetting, pagination and proofreading process, which may lead to differences between this version and the Version of Record.	0
4, both not fully fitting the power-law distribution.	4
In total, 10,591 graduates of the 80 participating MD-PhD programs were identified, and their unique AAMC identification numbers were determined.	2
It appears that there needs to be space for serendipity within research processes.	5
For both time points of the survey, respondents provided a list of members in their professional network.	2
1 is that publications by male 1st authors are relatively more frequent among publications with high citation impact while publications by female 1st authors are relatively more frequent among publications with high usage.	4
The third component (Citations and saves) is not perceptible in this representation.	0
These terms were used in conjunction with the names of each regional country (Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Pakistan, Maldives, Nepal and Sri Lanka) in the Author Affiliation field.	2
Among the different methods and techniques performed in the research mapping process, we employ here: (i) direct citation analysis, using the HistCite software to chronologically map the research historiography of the most prominent publications and showing how research builds on each other; (ii) co-word analysis, using the VOSviewer software to identify a conceptual map of the major thematic topics based on the relational ties and similarities between the most recurrent terms; (iii) and temporal analysis, using Sci2 Tool to explore the variations and map the temporal sequence of emerging and fading research themes over time.	3
Although articles co-authored with international collaborators are on average published in insubstantially higher ranked journals, the average number of citations per paper is comparable to institutional collaboration.	4
Are articles referenced in AHFS DI Essentials less cited than average?	1
The scientific articles published from 1950 to 2017 in the domain of Computer Science are used from Microsoft Academic Graph dataset.	2
The University of Southern California had the highest mean h-index for full-time faculty (27.647), followed by Mayo Clinic, which had a mean h-index of 22.746 (Table 3).	4
Specifically, it is argued that rewarding certain kinds of citational practices leads to "gaming” the system: this makes the use of these metrics actually less reliable – and in some cases counterproductive – and leads to what in the author's view are self-serving and sometimes unethical behaviours.	4
We do not take at face value that there is no alternative to the marketization of academia – 'there is no alternative' is after all a central and recurring neoliberal claim – yet we acknowledge the organizational and psychological barriers to resisting this project; however, we suggest that the powerful effects of quantification can nonetheless be mitigated ‘from within', that is, by designing and implementing what Foucault called 'counter-practices', that is, practices that play the numbers game against its intended outcome so as to make it irrelevant.25	5
For a graphical display of the top subjects in the categories, refer to figures 1–5.	0
For the Life Sciences, Microsoft Academic estimated citation counts are higher even than Google Scholar counts, whereas for the Sciences they are almost identical.	4
This article highlights an example of a prospective evaluation that has been developed to monitor and improve progress of the National Cancer Institute Physical Sciences—Oncology Centers (PS-OC) program.	1
Hence, this study aimed at appraising the impacts of MDGs/SDGs/WASH campaigns on the mitigation of cholera outbreak and associated consequences.	1
As of January 2014, it hosted and distributed 25 million digital documents, 95% of which being for educational purposes (i.e., scientific articles, books, and text-books) and the other 5% for recreational purposes (i.e., fiction books and comics).	2
Editorials, commentaries, review articles, technique articles, short reports, case reports, conference proceedings, and errata were excluded.	2
This study estimated the spatial price index of medical services to measure price differences and found that regions in China had significant gaps in medical service price levels.	5
A simple query term (‘‘graphene’’) was used to identify the graphene literature.	3
The h-indexes in Google Scholar (respectively 6.1, 15.7, and 25.0) were roughly twice the h-indexes in Scopus, as was the number of source documents.	4
The dates sampled for the evaluation steps are from 2008 until 2014 to obtain comparable datasets to those reported by the reference lexical query.	2
Collaboration and invitation networks overlaid with (a) affiliation data and (b) research topics.	0
The results show that almost 60% of the articles affiliated with the University of Vienna indexed in A&HCI have no DOI, while the percentage in SSCI decreases to 30%.	4
The objective of this study was to analyze the quantity and quality of research activity in the field of infectious diseases in Arab countries and compare it with that in non-Arab countries.	1
For a more comprehensive analysis, articles, conference papers, book chapters, reviews, and notes were considered as part of the data.	2
The data set is comprised of over 450,000 articles that dates back to 1893.	2
In order to conduct a synchronous analysis, the number of bookmarks for a set of papers published in a given year were recorded each month for fifteen months.	3
For each author and PC member, we collected all metrics in their GS profile, such as total previous publications (ca.	2
Understanding the use, prevalence and jurisdiction of government information informs health information professionals allowing them to engage with nursing students and researchers about this important type of information and the types of articles that use government information.	5
Finally, we use a logit regression in order to understand if, between the two periods, there is any change in the relative weight of the main drivers of academic engagement in private collaboration.	3
Robinson of the University of Granada Department of Translation and Interpreting revised the final version of the manuscript.	0
In total, 105,103 articles met the selection criteria.	2
Specifically, knowledge attribute features have a more obvious effect on the transition probability, while knowledge network structure has a greater effect on the transition pace.	4
For zbMATH-a,b,c, their estimated number of authors ?	4
How strongly is the topic structure of a journal driven by editors' preferences in their own research?	1
The latter rank will be much better if we assess by average rank.	0
The analysis of tweets and Facebook posts providing linkages with information about social impact was conducted following a content analysis method in which reliability was based on a peer review process.	3
The results of a case study showed that the proposed MLMRJR model can obtain a reasonable journal ranking based on Spearman's and Kendall's ranking correlation coefficient and ROC curve analysis.	4
* The present study was funded in part by the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (Grants-In-Aid for Scientific Research, grant no.	0
In order to find the weights we used linear regression with the dependent (target) variable being the 5-year impact factor that was published by the Thomson-Reuters.	3
We present a study aimed at describing HIV/AIDS research productivity in EU countries, and at assessing the structural level factors associated with HIV/AIDS research output in these countries.	1
This study analyzes higher education research in Asia since the 1980s, based on internationally indexed publication data, focusing on research approaches and themes.	1
Refer to Abramo (2018) for a thorough discussion about the definition and bibliometric measurement of impact.	0
A journal impact factor analysis revealed that delayed OA journals have citation rates on average twice as high as those of closed subscription journals and three times as high as immediate OA journals.	4
We find that guest and ghost authors are common, with about one-third of publications having at least one specialist author and over half having at least one nonauthor collaborator.	4
The study also helps to advance understanding of how scholarly norms are redefined by rankings and aspiration for status.	5
These are instructor dominant universities, just instructor based vocational schools, professor and associate professor dominated universities and research assistant dominated universities.	4
Since the WoS only started to include authors' full names (in the download column entitled AF) in 2006, we were constrained to cover the years 2006–2012, and for convenience we identified papers from two two-year periods at the beginning (2006–2007) and end (2011-2012) of the study period; this also allowed any recent trends to be seen.	2
At this time, the AAS should only be used as a complement to traditional measures, not a replacement.	5
This study takes the question posed by Beerkens (2013) as a starting point-“is competitive funding likely to concentrate research in fewer universities or perhaps, on the contrary, level the playing field?”	1
Future steps in this direction include the potential establishment of a committee of Associate Editors on social media and the expansion to other social media platforms, aiming to reach a wider audience.	5
Received January 1, 2020, accepted January 13, 2020, date of publication January 21, 2020, date of current version January 28, 2020.	0
In this paper, the results of a study on the development of social network analysis (SNA) and its evolution over time, using the analysis of bibliographic networks are presented.	1
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
KVH designed the study (with suggestions from RL and KH), collected and analysed the data.	0
Even though a small percentage of the journals cited were open access journals, versions of 219 (25%) individual articles were available on the Internet.	4
Most respondents (96.1%) considered the current evaluation system to be flawed and indicated the need for improvement.	4
For this study, we selected all publications (regardless of document type) in the field of BMB.	2
The publications used in this study are originally identified using the annual reports of the institutes or, if not available there, from their websites for the period from 2000 to 2009.	2
Utilising the Canadian Light Source Synchrotron (CLS) as a case study of big science, this paper applies SNA to assess and evaluate the impacts of such strategic investments, particularly focused on the impact on innovation outcomes.	1
Databases of the scientific literature have accredited some unusual authors, finds Jeffrey Aronson.	1
The final dataset included 3628 author names, of which 2415 full author names were identified.	2
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The paper highlights the principal researchers in this field together with their authorship and citation networks on the basis of 714 articles written between 2006 and 2015.	1
Six orthodontic journals with the highest impact factor as ranked by 2017 Journal Citation Reports were screened for a full publication year (2018) for original research articles, reviews, and case reports.	2
An analysis of the citations of the publications revealed that 185 (42%) have not been cited in any other work.	4
Overall, Chemicals and Drugs (D) accounts for 59.19% of new MeSH terms added from 2001 to 2010, followed by Organisms (B) at 22.89%.	4
Finally, we used Web of Science to identify the higher h-index between the first and last author of each article for 450 of 453 publications.	3
We excluded journals if their content was not exclusive to psychiatry and non-English journals.	2
In addition, our results indicate that in Google Scholar the vernacular languages of each country are more used than English in all cases, but economics in France.	4
(5) What are the primary disciplinary perspectives on which the research domain is drawing?	1
In addition to the number of publications and the year of publication attributed to each graduate, an h-index was calculated for each and used as a marker of impact.	3
There was no statistical difference in the impact factor (1.27 vs.	4
Female academics also take longer to be promoted to a tenured rank and to full professorship.	4
The interdisciplinarity of publication set of iSchools can be measured with the publication set's distribution across the journals in terms of their distances on the base map using Rao-Stirling diversity (Δ), as defined as follows: Δ= Σij Pipjdij	3
In addition to identifying the subfields of the paper through the WoS category, a semantic network analysis was performed.	3
The views expressed herein are solely those of the author and should neither be attributed to his current employer, nor any of his previous employers, including the Nelson Mandela Foundation.	0
2010), Ucinet 6.599 version (Borgatti et al., 2002), and Netdraw 2.157 version (Borgatti, 2002) were employed for the analysis of social networks and for the production of maps.	3
National references are also smaller in internationally co-authored papers than in strictly national papers.	4
The proportion of female authors is projected using an ARIMA model assuming logistic growth toward equilibrium proportions in the range [0.3, 1.0].	0
In this case we conducted a one-way ANOVA to compare the means of the groups.	3
A questionnaire was used to understand the importance, themes, and quality of radio research from the personal, national and global perspectives, according to its 63 respondents.	2
In some cases the C5 maps have been labeled to show the co-citation thresholds at which the C4 clusters were formed to assist in understanding the changes from year to year.	0
In theory, for 9,500 of the 10,000 data sets generated (95%), the resulting confidence interval should have contained the true MHq.	0
Professor Daryl Chubin pointed out an important error in an earlier version.	0
These findings suggest that publication year, instead of life stage of DSM versions, is more meaningful to understand the disciplinary contexts of how DSM is cited, contrasting to our findings about citation counts.	4
The most striking increase in the number of publications was from Saudi Arabia.	4
Because the distributions are lognormal, measurement uncertainties are multiplicative; we show that in order to state with 95% confidence that one person's citations and downloads are significantly higher than another person's, the log difference in the ratio of counts must be at least 0.3dex, which corresponds to a multiplicative factor of 2.	4
Collectively, the 11,639 journals in our master list published 3,088,511 papers in 2015–2016, which received 9,031,575 citations in 2017 according to the JCR.	2
The present study analyzes the data and assess trends in publications on leishmaniasis in Brazil and worldwide.	1
The results show that management scholars develop their research capability in the first twenty years of their career life, and the capability remains at a similar level until they retire.	4
The question arises as to which documents should be included in the calculation of a journal’s IF.	0
We collect the publications in the period of 1991-2010.	2
The research has been developed in several stages (data collection, gender authors' identification, validation of authorities, contact by email and analysis of results) to identify 326 contributions and 697 authors finally.	3
This measure corresponds to the proportion of 0’s in the citation matrix (i.e., missing citation links) between the cited and citing papers of X.	3
The D-index, D for Diogenes, would be the fraction of that paper assigned to the author by dividing one (1) by the number of authors.	3
Web of Science search tools were used to identify the 100 most-cited articles relevant to neuroimaging within the selected journals.	3
The references were therefore extracted, using the 'PDF-XChange Editor' (Tracker Software Products (Canada) Ltd., Version 7), into an excel sheet and then imported into ‘Citavi' (Swiss Academic Software GmbH, Version 6.3), a reference manager.	3
Our research is based on a public dataset established by Li et al. (2019)1.	2
This study investigates, at the journal as well as the article level, if there is a difference in citations between English-language and non-English publications.	1
The methodology applied in this study consists of qualitative research based on a deductive approach.	3
Again as before, the linear regression model fitted was a weighted least squares variant of ordinary least squares regression (Yohai, 1987), in R (Rousseeuw, Croux, Todorov, Ruckstuhl, Salibian-Barrera</PERSON>, et al., 2019), which can cope with substantial variance heterogeneity in publication year and (usually) minor but sometimes statistically significant variance heterogeneity in the other variables.	3
In May 2015, we downloaded SJR reports based on calendar years from 1999 to 2013, and counted the sum journal titles of each calendar year.	2
This NIH/NHLBI-funded research training program produced a substantial number of interdisciplinary investigators in emergency care research, with demonstrated productivity in grant funding and publications.	5
We also examined the trends of funding for health research since 2001 by major national and international agencies.	1
Credit is given for papers: i) which are listed in Medline (strictly, listed in PubMed), in other words, peer-reviewed papers; ii) which have been published during the year in question (note that the date of publication is available in Medline).	3
average citation impact research and end by publishing below U.S. average citation impact research.	4
The long-term accumulated and non-direct knowledge provides brief support for the COVID-19 investigation.	4
See Peters (2002) for examples and arguments for and against consortial digital repositories.	0
At final step, aimed to aggregate and conclude the main key findings, through an expert panel all of the results analyzed to clarify the main messages of the study, focus on reflection to the target group.	3
Centro de Información y Documentación Científica (CINDOC), SIC, Joaquín Costa 22, E-28002 Madrid (Spain)	0
Work from larger teams builds on more- recent and popular developments, and attention to their work comes immediately.	4
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data are within the manuscript and its Supporting information files.	0
To illustrate how the decomposition works, consider the period from 2000 to 2009 (Panel B of either table), when the share of papers that are internationally collaborative shrank by 0.4% points (Δλ = 0.196–0.192).	0
The next phase was to retrieve a list of publications and citation data (from January 1, 2000 to December 31, 2009) for each academic.	2
(b) Which aspect (method versus level of aggregation) has the largest influence on the correlation?	1
China, the US and Japan together hold 78 % of the total global NFM patents and have a strong technological advantage in water treatment and separation technology.	4
However, academic survey respondents and university leaders did not agree on appropriate strategies for encouraging interdisciplinary research collaboration.	5
Each journal was searched on the Web of Science under "Publication Name" and the results were sorted by category “Times Cited."	2
We divide the letters of the alphabet into five groups (A-E, F-J, K-O, P-T, U-Z) and allocate each author to her matching letter of surname initial.	3
This suggests that the CONICET CS community is already shifting to journal publications.	5
We accessed and downloaded data from the Thomson Reuters Web of Science (WoS) between December 12, 2014 and December 14, 2014.	2
Comparison of the three methods indicated that 45% of the articles were classified as interdisciplinary based on author affiliation data (method 1), 40% based on the corresponding author's description of the disciplines involved in their research (method 2), and 71% based on the corresponding author's definition of their article's disciplinarity (method 3).	4
The aim of this case study will be to focus on health and life sciences scholars at Oxford Brookes University and will seek to ascertain their views and opinions on subscriptions to e-journals, how this affects their abilities to find current literature, and their thoughts towards scholarly publishing as a whole.	1
The keywords “wind tunnel,” “wind tunnels," "wind tunnelling,” and “wind-tunneling” were searched in the topic field, including title, abstract, author keywords, and KeyWords Plus, in the Web of Science Core Collection within the publication year limitation from 1900 to 2014 and the document type limitation to article only.	3
To find the number of citations that a published book subsequently received in peer-reviewed articles, I used the SSCI.	3
An F1 score of 1 represents the perfect model, whereas a score of zero represents the opposite.	0
Received: 25 April 2021 / Accepted: 11 October 2021 / Published online: 8 November 2021	0
Subsequently, to verify the universality of the proposed method, we selected 2015 papers from six journals including the Journal of Educational Psychology, Journal of School Psychology, Journal of counseling Psychology, Child Development, Educational Psychologist and School Psychology Quarterly in the field of Education Psychology and 3962 papers from three journals including Electrochimica Acta, Carbon and Applied Surface Science in the field of Carbon Nanotubes.	2
The number of scientific articles published in each journal per year (2009-2013) in each country was found using PubMed.	3
A Pareto Distribution curve was created to describe the degree of contribution amongst the faculty records to the total number of publications analyzed.	3
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
Through gathering author information from personal and institutional websites, along with databases such as Google Scholar and Scopus, the research team has obtained a dataset of 410 Vietnamese authors.	2
Our objective is to map the field and uncover its conceptual structure, that is the spatial representation of concepts and theoretical constructs that are related to emerging organisations and are intertwined to form subgroups (Cobo et al.	1
His dissertation title is 'Science and Superconductivity: A Statistical and Historical Case Study in the Theory of Science'.	0
OO: Conception, data collection, data analysis and interpretation, drafting the article, final approval of manuscript.	0
In conclusion, vibrio outbreak has not lived up to various investment put into its control from various programme evolutions.	5
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=rajs20	0
For more comprehensive coverage, additional biomedical journals that were not indexed in PubMed were added, based on our team’s knowledge of publication venues, via email solicitations, online news articles, and social media postings, with emphasis on the publishers with the largest number of journals [57].	2
The distribution of the 2977 active members in 2013 in the area of social sciences shows a greater concentration of seniors and established researchers within the federal public higher education institutions, while early-stage and young researchers were mostly affiliated with states public universities.	4
Data for the study spans 2005–14, a period selected to reflect the most current situation in biomedical research in the sub-region.	1
In this case, the number of different Affiliation IDs can be rather large.	5
Note that WorldCat reports combined statistics for all editions of a book, even if they have different ISBNs and so the WorldCat data are not strictly comparable with the other sources, which are restricted to a single publication year.	0
For this reason, co-word, thematic map, trend topics, co-citation, and collaboration network analysis have been applied, along with descriptive data.	3
This section is divided into two: units and unit aggregations (types and universities).	0
Foreign partnerships strengthen UCT's citation impact: in all three time periods the internationally collaborative publication set (I) is above the MOCR=MECR line, whereas U and D are below the line.	5
With over 600,000 unique manuscripts included, the dataset amounts to some 40Gb uncompressed [6].	2
Second, a map of the field is developed in which the empirical evidence of a qualitative interview study with editors of German Diamond OA journals is organized.	1
Given the organization of science into disciplines, a key question is the sensitivity of such analyses to frame of reference.	1
4 The swan groups of type III in physics and economics: (a) physics; (b) economics	0
The final results include 164 NPW papers and 9034 counterparts.	2
In this article, we propose a novel idea of Reviewer Index (RI), Reviewer Index Directory (RID) and Global Reviewer Index Directory (GRID), which will strengthen science by focussing on the reviewer, as well as the author.	1
A minority of dental students reported favorable conditions for scientific production.	5
1, the number of submissions of scientific articles appears to increase up to time of the spring- summer and decrease in autumn-winter seasons.	4
Whenever logarithms are used in this article they are base 10.	0
For each subfield and year, the average number of citations per publication and the average number of Mendeley readers per publication were calculated to reveal differences over time.	3
A large volume of patent data, 15,422 patent filings citing Chinese pharmaceutical patents, 28,075 citing U.S.	2
The total number of papers, the number of papers adjusted by gross domestic product (GDP)/population size, total citations, and average citations were investigated.	3
A retrospective analysis of all COVID-19 and non-COVID-19-related articles published in all the issues of IJO from January 2020 to March 2021 was performed.	2
Received December 31, 2012; Accepted May 5, 2013; Published June 20, 2013	0
Prediction results for 1 year are really good, having R2 0.93 but for 5 years R2 declines to 0.82 on average.	4
The citing half-life for Edutech and SciEng, which ranges from 1 to 7 years, has remained comparatively stable over time (Fig.	4
To better understand issues related to transparency and quality feedback in peer review, we examined how reviewers use the confidential comments section of an online peer-review system.	1
The goal of the present article is to share our efforts to improve neurosurgical research without the need for government funding.	1
Results illustrate the following: (1) periods including the rise (1960–1970s), to a stagnation period (1980–1990s), to a boom (since 1990); (2) that the change of research frontiers and hot issues is either social oriented or topic oriented; (3) that its development owes a good deal to cooperative subnetworks (schools) of six academic communities—Urban Planning, Marxist Geography, Mobility Turn, New Economic Geography, Port Geography, and Time Geography; and (4) that its research methods tend to be diversified and integrated, while its research perspective is inclined to be microcosmic and oriented to social hot issues.	4
There are only three Spanish journals of social work present in the six referents selected to determine the place of journals of social work in the Spanish system of knowledge: Revista de Treball Social, Cuadernos de Trabajo Social and Portularia.	4
Three biomedical journals with the highest impact factors in the field of general and internal medicine were chosen from the list of all journals from Journal Citation Reports (JCR): The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM), The Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) and The Lancet (Lancet)	2
Graduate School of Library and Information Science, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Champaign, IL 61820-6211.	0
In this study, the top 200 publications (from the references dataset of more than 400,000 cited publications) of every 2 years (slices of 2 years) during 1990 and 2015 were selected based on their citation frequencies.	3
The UK is the most productive country in the journal followed by the USA and Australia.	4
Productivity is the quintessential indicator of efficiency in any production system.	5
Thirty percent of citations from recent articles (published between 2018 and 2019) and 26% of citations between 1980 and 2019 were found to be inaccurate.	4
A: Citations used by Thomson Scientific-ISI to calculate the impact factor (CIF).	0
For all articles as a whole, the IDCC term represents, approximately, between 3.7% and 10.1% of total citation inequality in the different fields, and 5.4% in the all-sciences case.	4
Again, articles cited 100 or greater times were considered citation classics and ranked in order according to the number of citations received (the citation score).	3
The author considers whether there are differences in the incidence and effectiveness of retraction between free, open access, and fee-for-access biomedical literature and considers various characteristics of the literature as possible explanations for such differences.	1
The links among the USA, Spain, and China are close based on the networks of countries; although China has the most publications in IJUFKS, Spain has the strongest bibliographic coupling and citation link strengths, and the USA has the strongest co-authorship link strength.	5
The choice of the notion of institutionalization for this study requires clarification.	0
Using clustering techniques, we identified differentiated patterns aligned with a given citation level.	3
Six hundred thirty-seven academics (including 326 foreigners) responded to the questionnaire leading to a response rate of 16.2 %.	2
We also employed a TwoStep Cluster Analysis (Zhang, Ramakrishnon and Livny 1996) in a second step group participants into probability clusters, in order to subsequently identify the characteristics of the persona most likely to be chosen.	3
This study was funded by a National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) postgraduate scholarship.	0
Current policymaking and requirements of universities and academic values seem to be blind for these necessary conditions.	5
The only reviewer of this article was the editor, who has therefore been included in this section.	0
We believe retracted COVID-19 publications may have been more likely to include bold claims that garnered a disproportionately high amount of attention within the scientific community.	5
These two journals should continue to be the leaders of nuclear medicine journals in the future.	0
It results that the region of Val D'Aosta does not have universities in the period under consideration, nor any enterprise that has undertaken collaborations, and for this reason the region is not included in subsequent analyses.	0
The study was based on data from Dimensions.ai generated using the search terms "Groundwater”, “access”, and "management" for the period from 1985 to 2022.	2
The presence of statistically significant findings was shown to be significantly associated with acceptance by the AJO-DO (P = 0.013) but not with publication elsewhere (P = 0.77).	4
In order to get additional information concerning institutional environment in different countries, we use the “Institutional Profiles Database” for the year 2009 provided by the CEPII (de Crombrugghe et al.	2
The application of concept of boost in productivity and citation measures on collaborations within the G-20 showed that some countries are highly dependent on such collaborations in terms of productivity and citations with the other G-20 countries.	5
Bibliometric indicators allow the assessment of scientific production by identifying its evolution over time, the most productive authors, research centers, evaluation of impact indices, as well as the most established networks of collaboration between authors.	3
This current study performs an in-depth analysis of the most productive and the most influential authors, institutions, and countries/regions, as well as the most cited research works published in SIC.	1
This list includes the names of over 1700 museums and art galleries in the UK, making it the most comprehensive and reliable source for UK museum and art gallery names.	2
Thirty-one (33%) predatory journals promoted a bogus impact metric – the Index Copernicus Value – versus three (3%) open access journals and no subscription-based journals.	4
Please cite this article as: Salandra, R., Research Policy (2018), https://doi.org/10.1016/j.respol.2018.04.005	0
This article contributes to the foundations of emerging technologies [14], [18] by showing that knowledge integration within IDR leads to interlinkages between diverse knowledge areas which, as a result, link up to form a technology network, resulting in an emerging technology (as illustrated in Fig.	5
With given values of Ki and Kj, generate L = 4000 samples from the set {xi} and {xj}, and calculate g l(Ki) and g l(Kj) for each l = 1, 2, .	3
1Departamento de Biblioteconomía y Documentación, Facultad de Biblioteconomia y Documentación, Universidad de Granada, Campus de Cartuja, 18071 Granada (Spain)	0
Thus, the indicator of corresponding author provides additional information relevant to Brazilian institutions in international collaboration, but not in national institutional co-authorship, which is more influenced by the institution's recognized scientific tradition and publishing strategies/practices.	5
Among research institutions, the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences in Uppsala had the highest publication record.	4
We analyzed data on R01 applications submitted to the NIH, the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI), the Division of Cardiovascular Sciences, and the Vascular Biology and Hypertension Branch for fiscal years 2010 through 2014.	1
The practical application of the weighted features model designed in the present study as detailed below in the methods section is targeted at Spain's population of archival websites (administrative, intermediate, and historical) located in various official sources and consisting of 300 archives.	2
We propose a method to measure the potential scholarly impact of researchers based on network structural variations they introduced to the underlying author co-citation network of their field.	1
We then used Google Scholar’s forward reference searching feature to determine whether the articles were cited in systematic reviews or meta-analyses.	3
We compare journals being supported by CIUP with unsupported ones.	1
The data for this study, dating between 2008 and 2016, was extracted from Scopus (October 17th, 2017).	2
Grateful thanks to all those who have contributed to this research, in particular the two anonymous external reviewers of the study and the three anonymous reviewers of this article.	0
Received: 20 August 2024 / Accepted: 13 September 2024 / Published online: 26 September 2024	0
Third, some highly correlated metrics may perform differently in quality evaluation, such as IPP and 5-year IF.	4
It is known from graph theoretic procedures that the fundamental eigenvector of the O matrix provides a more accurate and appropriate evaluation of the countries output than an approach based on a simple addition of all the terms in the row (Ramanujacharyulu 1964).	3
Different from the most commonly used bibliometric indices which focus on the scientific output, the JEI index brings a new vision for institutional rankings.	5
We manually classified invoice recipients based on their institutional sectors, countries, and primary research areas.	3
The model we employ to investigate the dynamics of the scientific network is derived from the gravity model.	3
As for Web of Science and Scopus, they count the citations of the two versions separately, which is likely regarding them as two independent articles.	4
Do age, author position, and academic position explain the observed productivity differences, whereas controlling for research field?	1
Second, our regression analysis shows that ISM networks have a significant positive correlation with ISC networks and that national positions in ISM networks have a positive and close linkage with their positions in ISC networks.	5
We find that we can clearly identify three large clusters or communities, covering 75% of the CDM universe (respectively 44%, 17% and 14%), and that for each of them we can determine a meaningful knowledge path – which we could not obtain for the CDM universe as a whole.	5
We focused on peer reviews from manuscripts’ first decision because not all manuscripts had subsequent peer reviews.	2
Citation: Salazar Miranda A, Claudel M (2021) Spatial proximity matters: A study on collaboration.	0
For the data that were used to build the BIN, this paper has referenced the citation network dataset[14] from the site aminer.org, which has been released on the site for the purpose of facilitating research process of researchers.	2
This study produced an overview of scientific papers published by 15 purposefully selected Muslim-majority science systems.	1
The area of knowledge analyzed was the humanities and social sciences, which comprises: Arts and Humanities; Business, Management and Accounting; Decision Sciences; Economics, Econometrics and Finance; Psychology and Social Sciences.	2
keyword extraction, summarization will further help in identifying the areas of neuropsychiatric disorders for which the use of ML techniques has still need to be mined.	3
The sample consisted of 1280 publications that met the inclusion criteria.	2
Using the economic model of the supply–demand equilibrium to analyze the scholarly publishing market is a distinctive way to understand the practice of predatory publishing.	5
Textual analysis revealed systematic variation in the way grant writing practices have been institutionalized across scientific fields.	5
and (iv) What are the impactful publications and keywords for these areas?	1
The topical trend analysis of designer-identified keywords for DAP showed the continuous use of keywords related to the themes of inspirational references and apparel design.	5
The total number of researchers selected for the study was 1,500 (each discipline has 250 individuals by country).	2
Specifically, Chinese researchers emphasise the necessity of funds, while researchers from first-tier universities place more value on networking channels.	4
One investigator (AG) categorized the concerns raised with the journals using the REAPPRAISED checklist for publication integrity (Grey et al.	3
Access to scientific literature is a pernicious problem for more than half of the conservation community, with numerous negative effects as a result.	5
The survey was distributed in May 2019, and reminder e-mails were sent subsequently.	0
Data in the 2000_2021.txt file were processed with Microsoft Power Query, filtered based on publication year, author numbers, and types, then analyzed in Microsoft Office 365 Excel (version 16.60) using Pivot tables.	3
The summative and average attention scores per journal were highest for Archives (7046 and 35.2, respectively), while AJPM&R and PM&R had lower and more similar summative and average attention scores (summative, 4003 and 3948, respectively; average, 20.0 and 19.7, respectively).	4
This analysis is based on data published following the RAE and REF research exercises in 1992, 1996, 2001, 2008, 2014, and 2021.	2
The three most crucial issues in network public opinion events were identified as emergency rescue, disaster events, and public sentiment among these five categories.	4
Publication data were obtained from the online version of the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED) databases from the Web of Science Core Collection by Thomson Reuters.	2
Social networks among the members heavily influenced the formation and maturation of the research group; face-to-face communication, grant-sharing, and coauthoring relationships coevolved over time in the observed network.	4
The paper contributes to the literature on the topic by providing a general overview, highlighting the importance of Altman's fields of action.	5
A parallel series of questions relates to the ratings of the papers in terms of how many categories the raters can distinguish reliably, and whether some papers produced more agreement from raters than others.	1
Research productivity was evaluated based on number of publications, citation analysis, indexing in Institute for Scientific Information and impact factor (IF).	3
Foster, of Minneapolis, vice-president; Patty Smith Hill, Teachers College, Columbia University; Marjorie Hardy, author of textbooks on children's reading; Mary Dabney Davis, Bureau of Education, Washington, D.	0
(4) Which journals publish research on the topic?	1
In terms of ranking, the United States is the leading country which, apart from having published the maximum research publications in the concerned field, has the highest h-index.	4
The research projects involved 375 participants: 68.00% (255) from the research sector, 20.53% (77) from civil society, 10.40% (39) from the public sector, and 1.07% (4) from the business sector.	4
The matching method we use is the CEM in StataSE 17.	3
Prevalent qualitative themes underlying the studies in this dataset included mortality and population studies, linked datasets, international studies, and critical studies (i.e.	4
Most articles were clinical studies (29); the others were basic research (21).	4
Kai Li: Conceived and designed the analysis; Collected the data; Contributed data or analysis tools; Perfomed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
These findings suggest that professional networking strategies of academics should emphasize the cultivation of instrumental ties over advice-giving professional networks.	5
A bibliometric analysis was used to assess scientific output and to compare the relative scientific contributions of the 27 member states of the EU.	3
Part of Asian countries play an important role in the development of ophthalmology, but the impact needs to be improved.	5
An interesting result is that 50% of the average astronomers' important output occurs after the age of 50 years.	4
Therefore, this study analyzed research papers published in JKAN during the last decade according to their research methodologies, as well as compared and analyzed papers registered in: the internationally recognized International Journal of Nursing Studies (IJNS); the International Council of Nurses (ICN)'s official journal, the International Nursing Review (INR); and Japan's leading nursing journal, Nursing & Health Sciences (NHS).	1
For population C, 93% of those surveyed stated that the use of ICT as a daily tool in the teaching profession allows the exchange of academic, emotional, and convivial information.	4
Note that both the technical expert and searcher were unaware of the software generated citation ordering.	0
three times more numerous and common in a Google search than indexed and unassigned journals (Figure 1).	4
Using text mining techniques we build an original sample of 680 PPPs produced by 308 Italian academic inventors between 1975 and 2002, in the fields of Chemical Engineering, Electronic Engineering and Telecommunications, Pharmacology, and Biology.	2
To account for interdisciplinarity, we define a bipartite interconnected multilayer network representing citations between publications (papers or patents) and relations between publications and their manufacturers (scholars, inventors, research institutions, companies, or countries).	3
6 is a convincing proof that Gl?nzel's model is valid also in this case.	4
Those with foreign authorship (other countries excluding Saudi Arabia) represented 80.7% (473) of the total.	4
Subsequently, we employed a count data model (Poisson) [2] for the number of authors to ensure consistent and asymptotically efficient estimates.	3
We used an ANOVA to compare the resulting model with the variable removed with the previous model.	0
In response to the need for comparability of the time series of downloads and citations, we choose the Mendeley database to acquire downloads and citations.	2
What question this study addressed What was the effect of the 2011 multisite National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) training grant program on research productivity and career advancement for participating emergency care investigators?	1
In a novel theoretical application, this paper analyses international citation flows in economics research between 1970 and 2016 using a gravity model framework.	5
The figures started to increase again moderately in the final years of the observed period.	0
Adopting individual publications as the unit of analysis, the correlation between citedness and journal impact is weak overall (Pearson p = 0.308; 0.345 excluding outliers).	5
Indeed, our results for Economics provide evidence for strategic co-authoring behavior among authors with surname initials close towards the end of the alphabet.	5
The average number of annual publications falls by approximately 30 percent over the two years after tenure is granted and falls by an additional 15 percent over the subsequent eight years.	4
The difficulty with this procedure is that it requires a tremendous volume of information.	0
Based on the connotation and inherent characteristics of academic journals' discourse influence evaluation indicators, in this section, the Principal Component 1 is named discourse influence ability factor, and the Principal Component 2 is named discourse influence power factor.	4
Demands for accountability, transparency, efficiency, and responsiveness have encouraged the widespread and systematic monitoring and evaluating of public sector activities (Whitley and Gl?ser 2007).	5
5 shows that engineering and technology has expanded the most, and this is a field in which Malays have traditionally been strong (Table 4).	4
Based on theories of uncertainty, signaling, and legitimacy, the main hypothesis is that disciplinary outsiders are more likely than insiders to cite papers that are already highly cited.	1
The global collaboration mapping of the countries of authors who participated in IIP research was performed by visualization of the network corresponding to the number of documents published by collaboration between at least two countries.	3
Similarly, a change in its application to the field of health stands out as the structural equation modelling method in the first periods was applied to thematic areas associated with mental health whereas in more recent times the investigations using it are geared more to physical health.	5
Therefore, we tried to analyze and summarize the Nobel laureates' research pattern based on the 'essential tension' hypothesis.	1
RQ1 Do articles containing unusual words in their titles (i.e., words that are rarely used in other titles from articles in the same field and time period) tend to be less cited?	1
In sum, we have presented a list of nine reasons why manuscripts are rejected from AM in the internal editor review process.	5
Roberts received a PhD in Marketing from the University of Utah in 1988; since then, he has published 50 articles in marketing and consumer behavior journals and proceedings.	0
The dataset was built by the Italian National Agency for the Evaluation of the University and Research System (ANVUR) within a legislative framework aimed at changing the procedures for the promotion to Associate professor and Full professor (Science 330 (2010), 1462).	2
A three-step method was developed to automatically assign each PS-OC investigator to a major research field (physical sciences or cancer research) based on aggregated information collected from reported publications.	3
In Section 2, we provide materials and methods, i.e., the journal selection, the data collection and the equation designed to quantify how DSMJs contribute to JIFs and Immediacy Index scores.	0
Rob Law is the author who cites the journal more frequently with more than 100 documents that cited works published in JTTM.	4
Not surprisingly, this tool is a major success, already being the second most visited page of the ESC website, with 49,853 page views, in October and November of 2012 http://snack.to/ fukiqkmc.	4
From the results of this study, it is possible to identify some of the most productive and influential research in OR-MS in terms of journals, papers and authors.	5
The automatic procedure allowed the recognition of sponsors in 944 articles of this sample (recall of 91.5%), with a precision of 99% (only 9 items were misclassified).	4
Using this measure, we also categorize individuals by whether they are “specialists” (team members involved in <= 20% of contributions), “generalists” (team members involved in >60% of contributions), or individuals with medium levels of specialization, resulting in the measures i_specialist, i_generalist, and imediumspecialization.	3
We performed stratified random sampling to obtain a representative sample with all strata of HSG scores.	3
Despite the limitations, this study demonstrates that the promotion of articles in a cross-publisher online distribution channel (TrendMD) can be used to increase citations of articles across several academic disciplines.	5
On average, more recent papers have longer reference lists and cite more high Impact Factor papers and fewer non-journal publications.	4
Finally there is an inverse relationship between the relative frequency of funding and citation impact.	4
A quantitative analysis of the topic furnishes data on the publication pattern, influential research journals, highly cited articles, productive countries and organizations, the authorship pattern, and the collaborative pattern between authors.	1
Table 1 presents a description of the Iraqi public and private universities.	2
In this study, we introduced a new method to study the collaboration among different organizations quantitatively, with Chinese 985UNIs as an example.	5
Of the survey respondents, 53 % re- ported receiving unsolicited emails from predatory publications (mean = 6.76 ± 7.29), and 32 % reported receiving emails from fraudulent conferences (mean = 5.61 ± 5.77).	4
The analysis showed that the number of authors affects the publication time.	4
The public good case is illustrated in the form of a collective action game represented by the entries in Table 1.	3
DOAJ metadata for 2016 and 2014 and a 2010 APC sample provided by Solomon and Bj?rk are part of the dataset.	2
The authors used a self-reported faculty survey and publication records from a faculty activity reporting system to answer this question.	2
We observe a significant decline in the h-index with a rate of approximately ten new coauthors per year (Figure 2e), and with up to ~25 publications per year (Figure 2g).	4
The Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) maintains a database of over 8000 OA journals.	2
From these means it seems that those departments used in the regression analyses were different from those not included.	0
This study suggests that a citation effect is most correlated with specialized disciplinary repositories, although the availability of manuscripts in IR and publisher OA repositories also has a positive, but smaller effect on the number of times the manuscript is cited.	5
Our analyses show that scholarly publishers have been using Twitter more and more over a 5 year period, especially commerical publishers.	4
ACI is simple to understand and to implement because it is based solely on percentage contributions and the number of co-authors.	4
The sample of this study consists of 162 professors acting as supervisors and their 791 PhD students, who earned their PhDs in 2000-2010.	2
In 2000, orthopaedics was ranked six out of the 11 surgical subspecialties we analysed according to mean IF (Table 2).	4
Scientific research outcomes often stimulate technological innovation, thus accelerating economic growth [1,2].	0
It considers the extent to which OA is helping China to tackle inequalities in global knowledge landscapes by increasing the quality, visibility and impact of its research.	1
However, his empirical results find that first impressions may not be that important.	0
Here in this work, the literatures of these three major coronavirus diseases are disentangled from one another and analysed in a comparative way and from scientometric perspectives.	1
To obtain such individual-level data, we downloaded for each author the WebCASPAR field classifications of prior articles from Scopus, focusing on the 5 years prior to the focal PLOS ONE article (see also Thursby et al., 2018).	2
In this paper, we group countries according to impact factors of their Web of Science publications and then look at the paths from funding sources to citation impact through decisions made by authors such as collaboration type and where to publish and how this affects the end result.	1
This study investigated the top 100 otorhinolaryngology and head and neck surgery physicians worldwide under all subspecialties of this main medical branch by ranking them using the h-index.	1
We left the debate of whether or not English was the lingua franca of international scientific communication [GARFIELD, 1989] to other commentators.	0
These developments make it possible to study the impact of research on the public.	0
This paper studies organisational and personal factors affecting the behaviour of academic staff in Saudi universities.	1
This study focused on determining subject coverage of the largest number of databases deemed popular or important in research (see Table 2).	2
The criteria for classifying publications into three categories are shown in Table 2.	0
For the process of data extraction for the analyzes to be carried out in the context of this work, curricular data from the CNPq Lattes Platform were used.	2
The full terms of this licence may be seen at: http://creativecommons.org/licences/by/4.0/ legalcode.	0
This produced an analysis set of about 278,000 unique awards.	2
The indicator implemented to evaluate the horizontal segregation was the Gender Parity Index (GPI).	3
Based on the concept of economic complexity, RPC was measured to characterize the capability of scientists to study complex research topics.	3
Remarkably, although the journal has a bias towards the bio- medical sciences (measured by number of articles), it is notable that the impact of its articles in these areas is lower than the impact of articles in more peripheral topics (measured by the number of articles).	5
Doing so introduces a quantization error in the estimation of the median value and standard deviation of the lognormal pdf because of the grouping of the data.	0
This new type of science communication seems to be more popular and useful in certain fields.	5
The data presented in graph and tabulate format were then analyzed to evaluate the productivity in five areas which are: publication and citation year analysis, top ten cited articles, the top source of information, institutions, countries and most prolific authors on the topic of digital library in the field of LIS.	3
We studied global trends and a regional case study to determine the relative representation of conference proceedings in the global scholarly literature using the Web of Science, Scopus, and Dimensions.	1
We use the in-house enriched version of the database at CWTS, Leiden University.	2
The new Stata command can be used in combination with other commands from Stata (e.g., for calculating mean citations and co-authorship networks) to generate a comprehensive bibliometric report including several results based on different indicators.	3
In the remainder of Section 1, we elaborate on the four claims just sketched.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:333301 []	0
International co-authorships per university (relative share) and by size of country (as science-	0
Only entries published online from January 1, 2000, to October 12, 2023, were included.	2
1 Self-reported proportion of journal submissions written in English (last 3 years)	0
We find that Topic 37 accounts for a large proportion from mid-January to mid-February, and Topic 43 accounts for a large proportion from the late February to mid-March.	4
In order to understand business research on platform, we collected publication information from the WoS Social Science Citation Index (SSCI), and limited to management, business and economics areas.	2
Statistical analysis was performed using R version 3.2.3 (Wooden Christmas-Tree).	3
Does not include RCN articles published from 2001–2005 or papers explicitly funded by the RCN program published in years 2006–2008.	0
4, the French HCR landscape is dominated, as expected, by the region of Paris, home of some of the French flagship universities and outstanding research institutions.	4
AOSSM has not conducted an independent investigation on the OPD and disclaims any liability or responsibility relating thereto.	0
The survey was anonymous to encourage candid comments on the journal.	0
Co-authored articles have higher ranks (0.610) than single-authored articles (0.290) on the immediacy index U= 37.00,p= 0.048,r= 0.52, a "larger than typical" effect according to Cohen (1988) guidelines.	4
Third, societally targeted funding appears to have the greatest influence in shaping the involvement of non-academics and orientation of research towards the user.	5
When full counting is used to construct a bibliometric network, each link resulting from an action has a full weight of one, which means that the overall weight of an action is equal to the number of links resulting from the action.	3
While this provides a vital service to researchers that is clearly important and valued, this narrow use of RG means that it may be positioned more as a tool, rather than a community.	5
Given the complexity of research centers and the breadth of their impact, we propose a case study approach using mixed methods to assess the phenomenon in depth.	3
The method used in this study to evaluate the AGL's resources in support of the proposed DNP program, following Griffin (2011), is an analysis of dissertation citations.	3
Finally, we fit a statistical model to analyse the relationship between the impact of the publication and the quality score assigned by reviewers, controlling for the non-scientific factors.	3
The empirical results of the analysis agree with the hypothesis.	4
This study draws on documentary and interview data.	2
The most important result is that the number of women in research has indeed increased significantly in recent years and that, accordingly, more women are the (co)authors of scientific publications.	4
The publications in Table 6 deal with the optical properties of selected substances or materials.	0
To be clear, APCs are not always a sign of prestigious, high impact publishing, but in this case I will direct our attention to APCs that are usually associated with OA journal publishing in the Global North that are generally cost prohibitive for those working in the South.	0
The subjects of this study are Vietnamese scientists who have published in Scopus-indexed scientific journals over the past 10 years, from 2008 to 2017.	2
Following, we clustered words employing the VOS technique [59], a helpful method for topic detection and interpretation of similar clusters contained in both maps.	3
Eventually, the two tendencies should compensate each other and have no major effect on the NIF of senior scientists.	0
Most publishers agreed that a megajournal's long-term sustainability is dependent on it developing a positive reputation among researchers, with many suggesting that the success of the larger OAMJs was largely driven by authors' awareness of publisher brand and prestige.	4
Although this is a relatively small sample (only 40 research proposals), the strength of the correlation suggests that discourse analysis has the potential to be a good predictor of proposal success in larger studies.	4
Unsurprisingly, given the likelihood of publication delays for the citing papers, the average number of Mendeley readers is many times higher than the number of Scopus citations for all six journals (see Figure 7 for JASIST; others are available in the online supplement to this article).	4
From the perspective of subgroup structure, the number of external relationships of subgroup nodes at the province and city levels is significantly greater than that of internal relationships.	5
We evaluated the ten highest-ranked journals according to the 5-year impact factor under ‘Dentistry, Oral Surgery & Medicine' subject category for 2010, 2011, and 2012.	2
The paper finds that although tools are emerging that offer more open bibliometrics, bibliometric research nonetheless continues to make use of restricted services.	4
We also used a second dataset including all publications from Nature, Science, and the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (NSP dataset) including 235,409 unique authors having contributed 134,030 articles, for a total of 549,175 authorships.	2
By (conceptually) distinguishing publication productivity from publication excellence, we empirically investigate whether the two selected policy factors, that is, funding and co-authorship collaboration, have an impact on productivity alone, or whether they are also necessary ingredients of publication excellence.	1
The paper explains the implementation policy, and the involvement and functions of a tripartite team that drives UBRISA.	1
However, for ease of presentation, here we describe them using their natural conceptual meaning.	0
The eight mainland Chinese universities present a mixed picture.	4
This study exclusively included scientists with available Google Scholar accounts.	2
This study aims to examine a research domain that combines library and information science with information systems (IS).	1
By default, the greater the number of items in proximity to a point, and the greater their weights, the closer the color of the point will be to red.	0
This article investigates an aspect of this across science with an indirect method: the extent to which the publishing record of an article's authors associates with the citation impact of the publishing journal (as a proxy for the quality of the article).	1
We employ a multilevel regression model, which disentanlge the variance due to individual and contextual factors and more accurately computes estimates (Robinson, 2009; Snijders and Bosker, 2012).	3
Therefore, we can conclude that (1) male scientists exhibit higher collaboration rates in only one collaboration type—international collaboration; in all other collaboration types (general, national, and institutional), female scientists are more collaborative; (2) there is no one-size-fits-all answer to the question of gender disparity in international collaboration: differences by discipline are fundamental but remain hidden in aggregated data; and (3) the power of individual-level data (with the scientist as the unit of analysis) is underestimated, and data sets for entire populations of scientists in other national systems are required to further explore collaboration patterns.	5
It consists of millions of profile sequences of actors and actresses from the birth of the film in 1888 up to the present day [1].	2
Despite the highly cited SAAs (> 1000 cit.;> 100 cit./year) were exclusively published by the authors previously experienced with publishing in Nature/Science, the entire dataset indicates that no clear relationship exists between juvenility or maturity of authors’ careers and the impact of published SAAs, leading to the conjecture that the impact might rather be controlled by specific article related factors such as quality, novelty and the interest of the subject.	4
For a corpus—a set of documents and authorships—we can calculate the index of assortativity [26], denoted by α, which is a measure of homophily between [-1, 1] where larger (more positive) values indicate more homophily and smaller (more negative) values indicate heterophily.	3
I subsequently interviewed six additional participants based on snowball and opportunistic sampling, further exploring themes developed during initial analysis (Charmaz, 2005) and expanding my sample of individuals affiliated with firms.	3
We have harvested data from Thomson Reuters' WoS Journal Citation Reports (JCR) of the Science and Social Science Editions 2011.	2
Five evaluation factors are used to judge the hotspots and trends of this domain and a heat map is used to identify the areas of the world that are generating research on AI applications in cyber security.	3
In fact, with a scaling exponent <1.0 the impact of single-authored papers exhibits a cumulative disadvantage or inverse Matthew Effect.	5
The funders had no role in study design, data analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
Our study shows that research productivity of European academics is strongly correlated with international research collaboration: The average research productivity rate of European academics involved in international collaboration (whom we term internationalists) is consistently higher than the rate of European academics not involved in international collaboration (whom we term locals) in all academic fields and in all countries studied.	5
The odds of continuing to practice as a PS were significantly higher for those who have between 15 to 29 years of experience after qualification as a physician.	4
I find that authors institutionally affiliated in the Global North (insiders) dominate the field (publication count and citations), while homeland-based Filipino scholars are in the periphery (outsiders).	4
We acknowledge the comments, criticisms and suggestions from participants, especially those of Mary Frank Fox, Monica Gaughan, Philippe Laredo, Julia Melkers, Paula Stephan and John Walsh.	0
The agreement between government and intermediaries on the one hand and the struggle within the academic community on the other hand, suggest that the intermediaries have not successfully buffered between government and science concerning valorisation policy.	5
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Here, we chose the OECD revised field of science and technology (FOS) classification system.	3
Without submission costs, scientists benefit from submitting all papers to high-ranking journals, unless papers can only be submitted a limited number of times.	4
We propose a two-dimension metric to quantify revolutionary discoveries by combining the consolidation-or-destabilization (CD) index with the citation count.	1
Typical properties of source-normalized citations are: Correction for the propensity to cite and to cite rapidly (like usual normalized impact factor; unlike straight impact factor).	4
Based on an analysis of institutional policies and data from an online survey and interviews with academics from seven South African universities, we argue that when money is the main means used to encourage academics to contribute to knowledge, numerous unintended consequences may emerge.	1
Even from this brief summary, it appears that the Neurontin seeding trial clearly departed from established scientific norms in its design, execution, data analysis, and research report, arguably committing falsification.	4
(2012) generally overestimate the h indices that researchers in our sample would eventually attain.	4
1 History of Science and Documentation Department, University of Valencia, Blasco Ibá?ez, 17, 46010 Valencia, Spain	0
Overall, conservation researchers and practitioners are encouraged to explore the multiple disciplinary dimensions of their respective realms to more effectively solve problems in biodiversity and sustainability.	5
Using these citation records, the reported IFs for each journal and year could then easily be reconstructed.	3
The 2017 JCR covers 11,459 journals across 236 scientific disciplines spanning 81 countries; 'land use*', 'land utilisation*' 'and land application*' have been designated core themes in SCI-EXPANDED (from 1900 to 2016) and SSCI (from 1998 to 2016).	2
We measured worthwhileness with the same item but replaced justifiable with worthwhile.	3
The first regional grouping is that of the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand	3
This indicates that from a research evaluation perspective, download counts might not be properly used as an early indicator for future citation impact.	5
In this work, Web of Science (WOS) was chosen as the retrieval platform.	2
The patent data obtained from IIP include 12,387,628 patents.	2
Second, there is a clear tendency towards a decrease in the share of American universities in GUR top lists with a simultaneous increase in the weight of Asian universities.	4
Retrievability from three databases more than doubled the citation count (IRR = 2.19; 95% CI [1.64, 2.93]).	4
Three data sets of academic articles from accounting, astronomy, and gastroenterology are used to illustrate the benefits of publication authorship for bibliometric studies.	2
For a discussion on the importance of AI for sustainable entrepreneurship, see Bickley et al.	0
The method by Chang (2018) was used to identify the disciplinary attributes of individual authors based on author affiliation information of articles.	3
The GRFP data is a time series dataset structured at the student-proposal level and includes institutional affiliation and field of study for the population of awardees and honorable mentions.	2
In this paper, we have presented a novel framework for exploring knowledge structure of any given research domain.	5
Data on the following cited/citing years were obtained: 1997/1999, 2000/2002, 2003/2005, 2006/2008, and 2009/2011.	2
In Model 1, we explore whether the assignment of the A-rating to journals by the expert panel is associated to a number of factors.	3
This study quantitatively investigated whether the research performance of academic administrators (leaders) was affected by their administrative services.	1
We selected two research institutes that represent two academic fields: nanotechnology and the social sciences.	2
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:203840 []	0
Walsh for their helpful comments in connection with the writing of this paper.	0
Study selection and data extraction were performed by two reviewers (MK and YJ) independently using a selection checklist and data extraction form developed for the purposes of this study.	3
RQ2:Are there differences in research method selection between male and female scholars within different LIS research topics?	1
The 5 feature indices depict academic achievements of researchers from various aspects: Publication, Citation, Longevity, H-index and Sociability.	3
As Table 3 shows, the differences between the journal classification and the paper classification among 59 Level-2 disciplines range from 29.2% in Ophthalmology to 76.8% in General Engineering and Technology when using the Ratio V to replace Ratio J and Ratio P.	4
The chi-square test was used to examine the frequency of clusters and journals, and forest plots were used to analyze differences between journals in terms of research topics.	3
Metadata in Semantic Scholar are derived from academic publishers, as well as scientific repositories such as arXiv, DBLP, and PubMed.	2
* In 1986 there were 501 publications in Chinese corresponding to 15% of the total.	0
Chair's citations represent the cumulative number of citations made to the Chair's five most highly cited articles published prior to his/her Chair appointment (measured, out of necessity, as a citations total in the year 2016).	3
None of the participants had any knowledge about the subscription costs the library paid to publishers, confirming the arguments of some authors (Khoo, 2019; Miller & Harris, 2009; Steele, 2005) that scholars are isolated from the acquisition costs of research.	5
Given its wide and varied coverage, Google Scholar has become a useful complementary tool for Bibliometrics research concerned with the identification of the most influential scientific works.	5
The decision to engage in optional co-authorship depends, hence, on the weighting of costs and benefits expected by recognition-seeking researchers from two different strategies: becoming the sole author of a ‘smaller' discovery that may be cited by the colleagues you are collaborating with (and also by an unknown number of others), or waiting for receiving partial recognition from being the co-author of a 'bigger' discovery (which, besides, is uncertain because you cannot know for sure that your co-authors will be successful in their 'fragments').	4
This intriguing finding highlights a research avenue to explore the impact of behavioral finance beyond its traditional boundaries, and to explore its interactions with the broader domains of finance and economics.	5
The correlation between the resulting rankings and the peer assessment of computer science departments provided by the U.S.	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—June 2001 629	0
Our model successfully reproduces the shapes of those functions as well as their transitions, and gives reasonable explanations for those transitions.	4
A major research and academic center within the State University of New York (SUNY) system, Stony Brook University (SBU) is located on Long Island approximately 60 miles east of New York City.	2
The correlation between web-citations and physical distance was essentially zero (.005).	4
We use semantic recognition techniques to establish the link between scientific discovery papers and patented technologies to explore the relationship between the quality of public knowledge production, government research funding, and early firm engagement in the science-based innovation process.	1
In this contribution, we have investigated two sophisticated article-level approaches to ex-post citation normalization.	5
When output is corrected for population size, the results change significantly, with Sweden leading, followed by Australia, Costa Rica, New Zealand and Germany (Fig.	4
It also compares these VR sessions with five face- to-face (FF) sessions.	1
Just 19% wished for a grant larger than USD 1.54 million.	4
So far, all the evidence suggests that the growth of e-preprints in mathematics and physics does not herald the demise of peer-reviewed journal articles.	5
countries were India, Zambia, Malaysia, Egypt, Australia, Canada, Pakistan and France.	0
Such statistics are more convincing when samples are truly drawn as repeated trials from an ideal distribution, but Lotka's law is more likely a result of some compound Poisson process (e.g., Huber, 2002) whose details we would still like to understand.	5
The unit of analysis is Nobel laureates' publication and collaboration records.	2
For the sake of simplicity, we will only use Equation 14.	0
Findings - The top 21 highly cited articles of research on L&P were found; most of the highly cited papers used survey research to measure patterns of violence of psychiatric patients.	4
Given their negative attitude towards the state's attempts to increase control over universities, how can the participation of academics in regulatory activity be explained?	1
The countries with the largest decrease in their MNCS when moving from full counting to address-level fractional counting are also the countries that have the largest percentage decrease in their number of publications.	4
A common theme was how working within the constraints of what materials were available required them to change their engineering approach.	4
Of 6,280 journals, 4,557 titles (72.56 per cent) do not charge their authors while 1,300 titles (20.70 per cent) make it mandatory for authors to pay publication fee.	4
We show that collaboration is quite dependent on a particular thematic cluster, with clusters positioned on a spectrum of higher/lower collaboration rates.	5
The content of electronic invitations was analyzed and is presented with descriptive statistics.	3
In view of the overall output generated at CCES (table 2), the targeted funding of environmental and sustainability science has indeed led to advancements in the area (goal 1).	4
fellowship and scholarship, medical societies, programme evaluation, research support as topic, surgeon.	0
A cluster with visible augmented terms and the full list of key terms.	0
For our analysis, we collected all articles published between 2000 and 2010 from the following five top journals: American Economic Review (AER), Econometrica, Journal of Political Economy (JPE), Quarterly Journal of Economics (QJE), and Review of Economic Studies (ReStud).	2
The bibliographic information of the NPW papers was obtained from the Web of Science SCI-Expanded database (hereafter, WOS-SCI).	2
Therefore, in this paper, we provide an analysis of a likely scenario that many authors are facing nowadays when they take on the difficult task of studying the details of suspicious journals as possible venues for the publication of their research findings.	1
Based on the types of AA and the collaborative pair, we can define six collaborative modes, B-B, B-J, B-S, J-J, J-S, and S-S, to depict the two-author collaborative patterns.	3
Table 1 Top 20 journals in the Web of Science category of chemical engineering during 1992–2011	0
The criterion measure for the group-level analysis was the rating assigned to each of the university departments included in the most recent U.S.	3
The purpose of this study was to provide updated information on the retraction policies of major science journals.	1
The data show that signatories are often “merely” co-authors (i.e., 46% in Psychology, 65% in Chemistry), yet they do occupy an influential position in many instances (i.e., only author: 2% in Psychology, 1% in Chemistry; first author: 26% in Psychology, 12% in Chemistry; last author: 26% in Psychology, 22% in Chemistry).	4
Here we aim to systematically address this question by first identifying patterns in the working scientists’ research agendas as their careers progress.	1
The suitability of the project with the regional context is an additional driving factor in selecting projects: an increase of one unit for the score given to the SUITABILITY index, is associated with more than €135,000 increase in funding.	4
Later publication year was associated with more authors per article (IRR, 1.02; 95% CI: 1.01, 1.02; P < .001) after adjusting for publishing journal, continent of origin of first author, number of countries involved, PubMed/Medline original article type, study design, number of disciplines involved, multicenter or single-center study, reporting of a priori power calculation, reporting of obtaining informed consent, study sample size, and number of article pages.	4
My hope is that this paper will serve as a “conversation starter” in encouraging academics to discuss and to try ways to improve the production and dissemination of knowledge in their respective disciplines.	1
In addition to recording these responses, we also analyze them by comparing the responses of the “top” faculty to those of all other researchers we survey by aggregating the top 25 % of respondents according to the number of articles they published over the 2000–2009 period.	0
From our analysis we have identified important structural differences between the collaboration patterns for papers and for projects.	5
This includes 12 conferences ranked as A*, 29 conferences ranked as A, 43 conferences ranked as B and 18 conferences ranked as C.	2
So we defined the notions of nation diffusion breadth (NDB) as the number of countries which cited the publications of one particular nation and the concept of nation diffusion intensity (NDI) as the number of citing papers of the set of articles published by the authors who come from the original country.	3
in this study the percentiles were calculated using Hazen's method (1914), because it ensures that the mean percentile is 50 and symmetrically handles the tails of the distributions.	3
It could help to keep track of metadata and usage statistics over the repositories and also can be applied to discovering scientific information, such as bibliographic data and lists of specialists in a certain research domain.	5
In our analysis, we found that articles in both journals are not downloaded rapidly in earlier months.	4
This applied research has been conducted using common methods in the study of scientometrics with techniques of co-word analysis, co-citation analysis, co-authorship analysis and social network analysis.	3
The results showed that on average nearly 90 % of the retrieved records from 2008 to 2014 had a close relationship with Big Data, especially if we considered the journal papers.	4
In this paper we studied journal citations among six business disciplines and reveal patterns of the knowledge flows, interdependencies and interdisciplinarity of these six disciplines.	5
The researchers have always been interested in knowing the core journals in their subject.	0
First, we construct a heterogeneous network from a scholarly dataset.	3
To build the knowledge space, we leverage the arXiv dataset, encompassing 1,456,403 scientific articles published online between 1992 and 2018 (see Methods, Fig.	2
In addition, a higher H-index for the first author made it more likely to be in the high-citation group (P = .0397).	4
Experimental results show that VC(LR +SGD) is the best-performing model for citation text classification when it is applied to the CNN-extracted features.	4
The aim of our study was to evaluate the global scientific efforts in the field of pancreatitis research.	1
Based on the per capita measurement that accounts for the number of faculty in each program, the most academically productive orthopaedic surgery programs were the University of Southern California, Washington University in St.	4
The distance between a row point and a column point has no meaning but the directions of columns and rows from the origin are meaningful, and the relationships help interpret the plot (JMP, 2005).	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=wser20	0
The authors of this study did not receive any funding neither from industry nor from academic institutions.	0
25, and we model the growth of collaborations with a network densification mechanism.	3
Results are robust and show that the citations for those papers increased on average.	5
A search was conducted on MEDLINE to identify gold and bronze OA publications arising from each presented abstract, using author names and abstract titles as successive search terms.	3
Over the six focus groups, seven key themes were identified including dependency on CEDA services, processes for reporting impact, collecting impact information, incentives, benefits for researchers, reasons for providing information, and the sharing of impact stories.	4
The main goal of this paper is to recalibrate the minimum values of four major performance indicators by taking the actual discipline-specific distance ratios into account.	1
7, the points corresponding to their h-indices are connected by a dashed line.	0
Table 2 shows that the most cited article was 'Work stress among Chinese nurses to support Wuhan in fighting against COVID-19 epidemic' by Mo et al.	4
2 School of Psychology, National Research University Higher School of Economics, 20 Myasnitskaya Ulitsa, Moscow, Russia 101000	0
The University Library, University of New South Wales, Sydney, NSW 2052, Australia.	0
This paper attempts to highlight quantitatively and qualitatively the growth and development of world literature on materials chemistry in terms of journal papers and citations as per Scopus database.	1
This article is a revised and extended version of a paper presented at the 17th International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators (STI 2012) held in Montreal (Québec, Canada), September 2012.	0
Received November 21, 1986; revised February 23, 1987; accepted March 2, 1987.	0
Bibliometrics and scientometrics are quantitative methods used for analyzing publication history and mapping the development of scientific output in specific research fields [11,12].	3
For each journal, a computerised search was carried out through PubMed, using the search terms “ISSN” (International Standard Serial Number) and “Korea”, from 1996 to 2011.	3
As for the research contribution patterns, the numbers of the dominant and the supervisory pattern papers continue to increase, while the primary and the contributory pattern papers are gradually decreasing.	4
And the quality of references is a significant predictor of producing high quality publications.	4
From a trustworthiness perspective, peer-reviewed journals are still king in the digital age and social media are little more than a bit player.	5
Determine the citation rates of FIC bioethics publications from 2004 to 2008.	1
The two database-specific queries described in the next two sections were applied to gather the data.	0
The public university and government sectors, together with the three most research-productive organisations in each sector, were found to be highly dependent on collaboration for research production.	4
RQ1: What is the volume and scope of research literature production in the area of cybernetics?	1
To overcome this limitation, this study defined and computed a relative count of publications called ‘CP' (credit-based contribution points), based on the sequence-determines-credit (SDC) method, which takes into account the level of contribution of each author.	1
Scientists in most countries of the world are evaluated according to the journal impact factor (JIF) of the journals in which they publish.	0
Important to note, there are inconsistencies in the Web of Science database.	4
A fully Bayesian, Markov Chain Monte Carlo, approach to estimation is used.	3
The largest research area in LIS in 2005 was information storage and retrieval (30%; see Table 2).	4
The top 10 authors in Google Scholar who listed 'celiac disease' as one of five keywords to describe their work were assessed.	2
The analysis was informed by a series of sensitising concepts drawn from previous work and existing literature on authorship and the organisation of scientific work (Bowen, 2006).	3
The network of co-authors was created using VOSviewer, an open-source software for bibliometric mapping [19].	3
Of the 4547 articles published in CJC over the study period, 125 were analyzed.	2
For more details we refer to Chapter 4 in Beirlant et al.	0
To show the distribution of numerical data, histogram of the citations for the subject categories is calculated and plotted.	3
To verify these assumptions further studies are necessary which investigate the relation between homepage and the content of the hyperlinks.	0
Six hundred and seventy-seven articles on metal nanostructures and cancer were found, of which 137 (20%) were selected, which were cited 12,878 times, representing 76.3% (16,884) of all citations made to the documents.	2
Therefore, this study also carries out feature selection and model construction from the two dimensions of books and readers.	3
In 2016, of 435 English-language journals in mainland China, 271 were jointly published by Chinese institutes and foreign publishers.	4
Social network analysis method, combined with in-deep interview method were used to analyze the information interaction intensity and contents of enterprise users.	3
After screening, the top 100 most cited articles were finally determined.	4
In order to benchmark the Spanish contribution of gold OA literature with other European countries we focused on three specific aspects of such research: total gold OA output, gold OA impact, and international collaboration in gold OA output.	3
In particular, we estimate the probability of each author in our sample not to appear as inventor of any patent connected to his/her publications (exclusion from inventorship), as a function of his/her characteristics as well as those of other authors, as well as of the institutional context.	3
The entropy value method is employed to calculate the information size of the indicators and reduce dimensionality.	3
If you wish to distribute this article to others, you can order high-quality copies for your colleagues, clients, or customers by clicking here.	0
Against that backdrop, this article analyses men's and women's presence in ERC Grants.	1
Researchers in social sciences (D_SS = 1) have higher intention to mediate knowledge across different locations (Table 4).	4
This study offers a systematic review of academic research on platforms in management, business and economics.	1
To demonstrate the potential value of the weighting approach, Google Scholar citation data for 10 experienced (associate level+) micro-economists from the University of Wisconsin System was collected for the 2014-2017 time frame; articles published outside this window were excluded.	2
Our empirical analysis shows that citation analysis still does not fully capture knowledge flow even if we added indirect citations into citation analysis by using DPE.	5
Drawing data from 360 publications in the Web of Science core citation database, it delineates a steady growth in the field over the last 30 years.	2
Notable supporting evidence can be found in four cases, and in the case of Makarova and Rubio in particular there are indications that the publications are part of broader disputes not fully resolved.	4
According to the response of the researchers, the reduction of fees and the increase in financing are important economic incentive measures to promote the Open Access publication model.	4
Research question 3: To what degree are gender differences in productivity during the early career phase related to (a) performance during doctoral studies; (b) gender differences in research collaboration; and (c) behaviour and characteristics of the main supervisor?	1
Therefore, it is the 100pth percentile of the random variable X.	3
To analyse the thematic structure of the field of LA and related terms associated with it, term maps were created from the keywords extracted from the extracted publications’ metadata, such as from their title and abstract.	3
The primary practical implication of these results is that the impact of systems papers, as measured in citations, tends to be high relative to comparable studies of other fields and that it takes at least five years to stabilize.	5
Herrera", Departamento de Biología Evolutiva, Facultad de Ciencias, Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México (UNAM), Apdo.	0
The co-citation map has been constructed by keeping the 100 most significant articles (Fig.	4
In this study, we make use of CORD-19 (Wang et al., 2020), an open research dataset made available by the Allen Institute for AI (AI2).	2
Acknowledgements We like to thank two anonymous reviewers as well as the special issue editors for their valuable feedback.	0
Laura Cruz-Castro is a senior research fellow at the CSIC Institute of Public Goods and Policies in Madrid.	0
In the absence of funding that targets rigour, open science improvements can still reduce false discoveries in the published literature but are less likely to improve the overall culture of research practices that underlie those publications.	4
To address these questions, the seven metrics were compared using two groups of data.	3
We undertook a comprehensive inventory of the Scopus database, focusing on data categorised as ‘article' from the selected journals spanning the period 2000–2022.	2
As mentioned above, we developed a self-reported survey, referred to as the Investigation of Questionable Authorship in Taiwan (IQAT), and employed it as the research instrument of this study.	2
The goal of this study was to evaluate Iranian state university web sites in terms of four main criteria in WebQEM.	1
Table 6: STI thematic areas showing productivity measured by the H-index & G-index.	0
Respondents from the GS emphasised that posting preprints does not count for career advancement.	4
Subject cohesiveness of a community (SC): After rounds of extension and clustering, more members and communities will be discovered and the communities have distinctive subjects.	3
The International Nutrient Network (NutNet) collaboration, begun in 2007, is an experiment being replicated by scientists at more than 170 sites spanning six continents and nearly 30 countries.	2
Through autoethnographic methods, I examine my personal experiences and responses to these invitations, reflecting on how they shape my understanding of academic publishing practices.	3
The focus of the present research is the analysis of a large sample of acknowledgement texts indexed in the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection.	1
Findings reveal that, with only one exception, Italian universities do not specialize in fields where they hold a competitive advantage.	4
To identify the components of the science base of different technology, it is essential to group the cited papers into different scientific disciplines.	3
The use of the MST algorithm has helped gain understanding of the characteristics of disciplinary citation networks at three levels, including subjects, knowledge paths, and knowledge flow networks.	5
The co-occurrence of the author's keywords is presented in the form of a network shown in Figure 4 to better visualize the research hotspots in the field of finite mixture models.	4
University of Antwerp, IBW, Venusstraat 35, City Campus, 2000 Antwerpen, Belgium.	0
The prevalence of perceived, ICMJE-defined and unperceived honorary authorship was 38.1%, 57.3% and 24.2%, respectively; 90.1% were unaware of the ICMJE authorship criteria, 92.6% were unaware of a support system for authorship disputes, but 91.8% believed such a system should be implemented and 93.3% believed medical trainees and faculty should be instructed on authorship guidelines.	4
It implys that Chinese current academic evaluation system should pay special attention to the quality of academic papers, instead of the number of papers published by scientists.	5
Over a third (36.9%) of all citations were only found by GS.	4
There were 27Journals with the subject category "Allergy" in the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) for 2017.	2
The concept of collective invention which consists in sharing of knowledge and information among a broad group of agents has been introduced by Allen (1983).	0
We apply the metrics to study the Middle East and North Africa (MENA)—a region where science and technology capacity will play a key role in national economic diversification.	1
To assess the relationship between the H index and the academic rank among full-time academic craniofacial surgeons.	1
This resulted in items such as theses and reference being entered into the monograph category.	0
Funding increased over time (P<.01), and corresponding authors with a higher h-index had more studies funded (P<.05).	4
During the past three years, there has been a trend towards genomic research studies and also more molecular translational research.	4
We adopted the concept of discipline-standardized JIF (DisStad.	3
Thereafter, through interviews, the study investigated how the pre-service teachers explained their intentions to use AI in inquiry-based teaching.	1
We have run a query in Web of Science database and searched for the journals articles that have the term “environmental risk” in the title or abstract or keywords that was published in 2019 in the category of environmental sciences.	2
To check the validity and robustness of the derived clustering results, we used the LDA (latent Dirichlet allocation) methodology, which is a representative topic modeling method.	3
As the primary research outputs of highly recognized major studies across the six NIH HIV/AIDS Clinical Trials Networks, these 22 publications were found to be within the top 10% of the most cited publications of the same age, type, and within the same field.	2
the number of in-links or external links, the number of WebPages, the number of rich files in a web domain and the number of publications in Google scholar database based on the following formula where each one has a different weight:	3
The survey was advertised via the UKSG eNews newsletter and by Publishers Association Limited via their Academic, Professional & Learning Publishers Council.	3
We downloaded the relevant documents from the official website of the CK (www.ck.gov.pl/promotion.html), which serves as the public repository for academic promotions of Polish academics.	2
Moreover, every article published from 1975 to 2009 was assigned one or more PACS codes to indicate its research topics.	2
As a result, papers published in English necessarily receive more citations than those published in other languages such as Spanish.	4
Further experimentation was thus conducted on 174 categories which account for the majority of all records.	2
The results revealed that the proposed approach attained an improved value of precision (i.e., 0.84 vs 0.72) from contemporary state-of-the-art approach.	4
* Statistically significant values (p ≤ 0.05) are indicated in bold.	0
Our findings indicate that self-citation is unlikely to influence country standing amongst the top 50 and does not support the argument for eliminating self-citations from citation-based metrics.	5
With the rise of Wikipedia as a first-stop source for scientific information, it is important to understand whether Wikipedia draws upon the research that scientists value most.	1
The aim of the present study was to evaluate on an objective basis the trends of publication on various sub-specialty topics in the Indian Journal of Orthopaedics (IJO).	1
Our starting research question is whether their propensity to collaborate is different from that of their peers.	1
With the data from the Web of Science Core Collection-Citation database for the period (1970–2020), we conducted a dynamic visual systematic review of the literature on academic publishing with the help of bibliometric software, CiteSpace, and VOSviewer.	2
Derivative analysis can differentiate among periods with different variation tendencies (ascending, declining or unchanged) in the number of yearly citations; these variation tendencies can be identified from successive (positive, negative or zero) derivatives.	3
BioOne sees sustainable scholarly publishing as an inherently collaborative enterprise connecting authors, nonprofit publishers, academic institutions, research libraries, and research funders in the common goal of maximizing access to critical research.	0
In general, SLA has little disciplinary interaction with physical sciences, while for the other 4 fields, the interdisciplinary research between SLA and disciplines in life sciences and technology is much stronger and better developed than that between SLA and the remaining two fields.	4
To quantify this, we introduce an ‘idea connectivity’ index for each publication to measure the interlinking of various domains.	3
The results demonstrate that scientists deviate from their typical productivity and peak their career with an annus mirabilis.	5
The visualisation uses the CitNetExplorer mapping approach (van Eck and Waltman, 2014).	3
The Shapiro Wilk test was used to examine normality of data.	3
To quote Nelson (1989) "Another disadvantage of the chi-square statistic is that in the tail of the distribution frequencies must be grouped, so it is not always sensitive to differences in this area."	0
We retrieved 647,879 publications from the Oncology and/or Medicine, General & Internal categories published between 2008 and 2014.	2
Assuming it takes 5 s to review each spam message on average, as in Rao and Reiley (2012), and with an average of 4.5 emails per day, we estimate that the total external cost per researcher is approximately US$ 144 annually including the cost of anti-spam technology at US$ 30 per researcher (Table 2).	3
The purpose of this paper is to examine the feasibility of discovering business information from search engine query data.	1
Downloaded from sss.sagepub.com at UNIV OF PENNSYLVANIA on June 24, 2015	0
On the other side, RQ2 focuses on which type of (i) research projects and (ii) collaboration characterizes the activities of AGR10 colleagues.	1
In order to examine the correlation between these different indicators and the characteristics of the paper, the author, and the institution.	3
Wormell, Swedish School of Library and Information Science, Allegatan 1, S-501 90 Bor?s, Sweden.	0
The empirical analysis operationalizes this in three main questions:	1
In general, the fields of Biomedical and Health Sciences, Life and Earth Sciences, and Physical Sciences and Engineering have similar reference distributions, although they vary in their specifics.	5
Therefore, the objectives of this paper are (i) to study the temporal trend of the last 40 years in the use of Corylus avellana in the agricultural research fields, in terms of number of papers, type of publications, journals, countries and authors involved by a bibliometric analysis, and (ii) to identify the major topics faced and keywords used in the scientific publications on agriculture via a science mapping approach.	1
This study presented the scientometric analysis of these publications.	3
After constructing the ColNet, we analyze it using a well-known network analysis tool, Pajek, in addition to the tool developed by our team members [1, 5] and modified for the purpose of this work.	3
Reasons for retraction included plagiarism (32%), misconduct (27%), redundant publication (22%), miscalculation or experimental error (8%), and unethical research (0%); the reason for retraction was not stated for 10% of the publications.	4
We then divided the submitted manuscripts into four groups according to the editor's score of the peer review performance, not according to the peer reviewers' rating of the manuscript.	3
Furthermore, competition does not improve (nor worsen) the validity of the outcomes of peer review.	5
Similarly, the proportion of ECS (co-)authors had a significant negative effect (p < 0.001) on the citation impact (Figure 3g).	4
The first two are available over the 2013-2014 period, while for citations we use the 2012-2013 period (to allow citations to accrue).	2
The three dependent variables in the study were: The productivity of papers (combined measure of papers published in national and foreign journals during the 5 years prior to the interview) Co-productivity of papers that blends co-authored papers published in national and foreign journals Total productivity that merges papers, chapters, and books (both original and edited)	3
The 157 articles were then refined to only 115 by filtering the document types.	2
In summary, the participating universities have achieved more excellent results in the first round of Jiangsu high-level university construction.	5
The impact of a scientific publication is often measured by the number of citations it receives from the scientific community.	1
We hypothesized that articles from 2016 would show a stronger correlation than articles from 2013 as the popularity and usage of social media has continued to expand.	1
News & World Report are chosen for the analysis.	2
China comes a close second to the U.S. as the top destination for outbound scholars.	4
The initiative represents one approach to educate and provide guidance to ECRs on the benefits and issues associated with multidisciplinary research.	1
Ultimately, 22 international journals were selected as the comparative subjects (see Table 1 in Appendix).	2
The first, 10 published in Administrative Science Quarterly in 2017, is a quantitative study of almost 900 scientists affiliated with research centers in the United States and their 30,000 scholarly articles, and was co-authored with Christine Beckman and Taryn Stanko.	2
In other words, only under these conditions would the random allocation of funding be an integral and legitimate part of science.	5
We used regression models to analyze cited references as basic units.	3
In addition, the similarity among the TI, HF, and TF-IDF in LIS shows a downward trend, and the similarities between the TI and HF, and TI and TF-IDF drops are especially obvious.	4
1 Correlation is significant at the 0.1 level (2-tailed); 2 Correlation is significant at the 0.05 level (2-tailed).	0
Bornmann and Haunschild’s variance formula considerably overestimates the true variance and leads to confidence intervals that are too wide.	4
For the 2014 faculty cohort journals, Scopus coverage offered an approximately 22% increase in coverage over Web of Science.	4
Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain.	0
Downloaded from informs.org by [131.94.16.10] on 08 October 2015, at 00:13.	0
Our results suggest a stratification in national publication systems in terms of international or domestic orientation of the knowledge base from which authors cite.	5
All document types, namely: article, review, conference paper, short survey, note, editorial, letter, book chapter, book, and article and article in press published in 2006 to 2015 were included.	2
Motivated by the scandal, we believe that this is one of the first empirical studies of questionable authorship practices (QAPs) in East Asian academia; we investigate Taiwanese researchers' perceptions of QAPs.	1
The study findings also indicated a low level of teamwork among LIS scholars in Tanzania.	5
The coverage of Scopus is much smaller before 1996, so, this year was chosen as the starting point.	2
We document the existence of a statistically significant negative relationship between these quantities.	5
Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the content, quality and value of feedback given to applicants who applied to four NIHR research funding programmes using original feedback documents and responses to an online survey with applicants.	1
Interviews were recorded and transcribed and then analyzed using a 'grounded-theory approach' (Glaser and Strauss, 1967), inductively identifying and iteratively developing themes as they emerge through reading and re-reading the data.	3
Here, we characterize authorship patterns for the 68 multi-authored papers that have focused solely on new, collaborative analyses of data collected across multiple sites in this experiment.	2
The analysis of journals indexed in PubMed show that only about half of all journals (51.6%) allow the use of ORCIDs in their articles during the submission process.	4
The following results are related to the main F&V species, which account for more than 2 % of the F&V corpus.	0
The representation of the 'core' ranged between 1.9 and 2.4 % for the two different methods in the period of 2005–2013.	4
WoS journals almost linearly improve their ranking positions in Scopus lists, while many high-impact journals covered by Scopus are not available in WoS.	4
8, the main IPC co-occurrence map of the core patent of nano-luminescent materials can be regarded as the first application of nano-luminescent materials, which is a semiconductor device with at least one barrier or surface barrier particularly suitable for light emission.	4
We argue that the differences in these two flows capture a growing global inequality in the production of scientific knowledge.	1
These results suggest that LinkedIn, for PhD holders, can be a means to seek career opportunities and collaborations outside the academic environment where they obtained their PhD.	5
The measures with the most stable results and consistently high discriminative power are Precision and nDCG with a cut-off at the average rank, as well as the Average rank measure.	5
They relate to research activity that occurred at NIST.	2
* To conserve space, some of the supporting data for this article have been omitted.	0
We have found that the type of peer review does not differ much between open access and subscription journals.	4
Gustafson then cites an excerpt from Representative Bauman's remarks which may be, by any standard, 'bitter' indeed.	0
We denote the sequence whose kth component is min {xk, yk} by min(x, y), and we denote the sequence whose kth component is max {xk, yk} by max(x, y).	3
It is part of the WISER project (Web indicators for scientific, technological and innovation research, Contract HPV2-CT- 2002-00015, www.webindicators.org).	0
Scientific research increasingly requires international collaboration among scientists.	1
Brazil produced almost all articles (98%) and had the some partnership of countries like the USA, France, Spain and Canada.	4
The study covered a total of 82 groups and 510 research lines.	4
In total, 86 policy documents were obtained that included content about obesity applicable to children and young people.	2
This paper adopts perplexity, a widely recognized metric, to determine the optimal number of topics.	3
X2 and p-values for the Chi squares test of gender results	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 11 times since 2017*	0
Greater research productivity was associated with population, GDP, health expenditure, number of healthcare establishments, neurologists, and research personnel.	5
CNCI: Category Normalized Citation Impact is the ratio of citation of papers published by an institution in an academic subject during the 5-year period to the average citations of papers in the same category of the same year and same type.	3
Yet, consistent with other surveys, only a third said that having external impact mattered for tenure, awards, funding further research, and, other research resources.	4
(2), agree well with his record prior to his CMS membership, except for the number of citations.	4
These 15 CEE countries include 11 EU members (Bulgaria, Croatia, Czechia, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, and Slovenia) and 4 potential candidate or candidate countries (Bosnia and Herzegovina, Macedonia, Montenegro, and Serbia).	2
Finally, in terms of research question three, and the disciplinary variations in how research impact is conceived and demonstrated, many of the expectations and challenges regarding impact were shared across disciplines which suggests, whilst there are disciplinary nuances (Digital Science 2016), much can be shared and learnt by and amongst researchers in different settings regarding impact best practice and its evidencing.	5
For instance, the latest Italian research evaluation exercise, VQR 2015–19, assessed the quality of over 182,000 research works, averaging three per researcher of the institutions under evaluation (ANVUR 2022).	2
This methodology identifies quantitative and qualitative evidence of the social impact of the research shared on social media, specifically on Twitter and Facebook, and defines the SICOR, the social impact coverage ratio.	3
The concluding section summarizes the original contributions of this paper, focusing the attention on the relevant implications, limitations and ideas for future research.	0
Data used in the analysis and corresponding descriptive statistics are presented in Table 3.	0
We developed our own procedures for opening linearized PDF files and extracting their outlines.	0
The degree and other centrality measures, such as closeness, betweenness and PageRank centralities, determine who are the most connected, best bridges or most influential authors in the field.	3
Participants were wary that while altmetrics may offer an indicator of the reach of an article, it tells nothing about the academic quality of that article.	4
In the meanwhile, experiments show that publications in strongly connected components may sit on the turning points of main path networks, which signifies the necessity of a systematic way of dealing with citation cycles.	4
The submission data included the date and time of submission (in Eastern Standard Time) and the submitting author's institutional address (city, state and country).	2
Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Noncommercial License which permits any noncommercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author(s) and source are credited.	0
Despite most linguistic characteristics play little role in article views and downloads in our data sets in general, some linguistic characteristics (e.g.	5
Keywords: research evaluation; scientometrics; bibliometrics; citation analysis; dimensions of citations; sociology of science	0
After adjusting for economy and population power, India (124.2), Nigeria (18.6) and the US (10.5) had the highest research productivity.	4
We then study factors influencing knowledge exchange in these disciplines using econometric methods.	1
Scanning this QR code will take you to the article title page to access supplementary informa- tion.	0
12 We thank an anonymous referee for bringing this point to our notice.	0
Downloaded from sth.sagepub.com at ΚΑΙ NAN UNIV on February 15, 2015	0
We performed the Spearman correlation test to examine the relationships between the centrality measures for the 136 countries that authored the 11,046 papers.	3
To assess why articles are retracted from BioMed Central journals, whether retraction notices adhered to the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) guidelines, and are becoming more frequent as a proportion of published articles.	1
The top cited publications can be grouped into three categories: guidelines, recommendations based on systematic reviews, and evaluations.	4
We believe our approach is fairer to newcomers and to all researchers working in the field.	5
The dataset corresponds to the exporting of all the records where the words “Tensegrity” and “Grid” were found in the field “Article Title, Abstract, Keywords” in Scopus on the 12th July 2013.	2
We examined the co-authorship network at the levels of country/region and institution.	3
In sum, the bibliometric analysis gave rigor to the research process and allowed to broaden the current status of the subject matter globally.	5
Link-resolver data correlate well with vendor and citation data, but due to anomalies, low link-resolver data would best be used to suggest titles for further evaluation using vendor data.	5
To investigate the relationship between the number of OA publications and total scientific outputs in the APCJ across the 107 OA contributing countries, Pearson’s correlation test was used.	3
Our results show that this sector is very competitive and that landscape is still many years away from the emergence of dominant private firms.	5
I then used a multivariable logistic regression analysis to identify the factors related to the retention of PSs.	3
The H-index and average article citations (average article citations = count of citations/number of publications) were 2 important indexes used to evaluate the academic level of the authors.	3
The number of citations for the top 100 cited articles ranged from 624 to 6447 (Table E2, online).	4
To interpret the results from the regression model, I have resorted to predictive margins and marginal effects.	3
Constructing a citation network among academic papers, this paper therefore proposes h?-index that integrating the h-index with the concept of lobby index, a measures that has been used to evaluate the impact of a node in a complex network based on the impact of other nodes that the focal node has direct link with.	3
The time span for included publications extended from the inception of the field to December 31, 2022.	2
Remarkably, recognized scientists mostly agreed with these judgements (see Table 1).	4
The Leiden methodology (LM), also sometimes called the "crown indicator", is a quantitative method for evaluating the research quality of a research group or academic department based on the citations received by the group in comparison to averages for the field.	1
Hence, the increased impact element will have a spillover effect on the assessed quality of other research elements, and non-academic impact will play a significant role in future research income distribution among universities; we expect to see increased research income inequality among HEIs, with most of the funding being allocated to a fewer number of universities.	5
Contrary to what the scientometric literature indicates, the scientific articles that were published in closed access journals are cited more often than the scientific articles that were published in open access journals.	4
I downloaded a snapshot of this dataset during the summer of 2023.	2
This concludes the proof of (13) and hence of this theorem.	0
Information about the superstars' colleagues stems from the Faculty Roster of the Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC), to which we secured licensed access for the years 1975 through 2006, and which we augmented using NIH grantee information	2
Note that the academic indicators are based on a combination of the four sources, which are ARWU, QS, THE, and USNWR, while the environmental and resource indicators are mostly based on the World Bank Open Data.	2
The study participants were selected by Netquest from among its community of Spanish individuals.	2
In contrast, reductions in impact per publication relative to the world average are worrying, but have a reasonable explanation (see the discussion above), and this trend may reverse in the long term.	5
The objective of this study was to assess global research output in the field of PET and to provide a general picture of PET research.	1
Out of the 129 members with publications in the last 6 years, 35 (26.1%) have been the first or last author at least once, and 31 (24%) have at least one publication in Q1.	4
The methodology selected was a lived cultural economy study, which was constructed through incorporating dialogue with editors, authors and researchers in terms of my own experience as a journal editor, read through a political economy framework.	3
book reviews, proceedings papers or corrections etc., have been excluded).	2
They are simply numbered here to provide a point of reference.	0
Surnames can be compared with our listing of 2.6 million family names which is based on records of the majority of the adult population in the following countries: Australia, Brazil, Denmark, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, the UK and the USA as well as surname frequency distributions for Austria, Belgium, France, India and Japan.	2
This work uses bibliometric indicators (Garfield, 1955) to represent the bibliographic data, including the total number of publications and citations (Ding et al., 2014).	3
The SIP model reflects a research and innovation policy that has expectations of participatory interaction from the initial planning stages onwards, and encourages a critical, reflexive operational model.	5
Using the user-written command bibrep.ado, bibliometricians and other users of bibliometric data can generate results on single researchers about as fast as calculating single indicators, such as the h-index.	4
This paper examines media rankings (constructed from an amalgamation of variables representing performance across numerous dimensions) to reveal the problems with using a composite index to reflect overall performance.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Shifting the focus to interactions allows assessment of short-term knowledge transfer and other collaborative efforts with stakeholders that contribute to long-term societal impact.	5
Text mining and other quantitative methods have been used to reveal: (1) the growth of the publication outputs of the TGP relevant research, (2) major research topics and their temporal trends and (3) the effects of language and corresponding author's nationality on topic proportions in papers.	3
The expectations of the imagined researcher and the imagined organisation of research, embedded in the ICMJE authorship rules, are based on the social organisation of science in academia.	5
During 2013, the European Union (EU) first elaborated a comparative study regarding the quality of life in the Member States, from a subjective perspective (see Eurostat 2015).	2
A significant strong positive correlation (r r>0.4) was observed between the aggregated ranked altmetric attention scores and ranked citation/increased citation values for all the faculty members.	4
About 2 % of the “Top h-index” authors have XPI > 0 but none of the “Productive” authors do.	4
The primary information used in this paper is drawn from the Scopus database, which includes references on approximately 20,000 peer-reviewed journals, from more than 5,000 international publishers.	2
We examined full-time faculty at 138 US orthopaedic surgery academic centers; part-time or volunteer faculty were excluded.	2
The author(s) declare financial support was received for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
While geopolitical risk exerts a mitigating impact on renewable energy production.	5
Given the theoretical considerations and characteristics discussed above (see Section 2.2), we found the longitudinal interrupted accelerated design (McDowall et al.	3
The first relies on funding and rankings information as well as on other esteem indicators.	1
Based on these conversations, it appeared that in general, these institutions took very little direct action to require faculty to deposit their articles, even where their policies technically mandated it.	4
The rating assigned by scientific societies is significantly associated to the articles’ score.	4
Year paper was published % of the papers with one citation	0
The central questions are whether there are specific dynamics captured by the egocentric point of view and what are the social conditions that support those particular changes in the concerned community?	1
Moreover, we implement different empirical models to test for the effect of external scientific collaborations on the institutional research quality by Federal District and scientific field.	3
The Brazilian database had the greatest number of patents related to passion fruit peel flour, with applications occurring between 2003 and 2016.	4
Group R2 comprises all the researchers of group R1 plus a researcher with an h-index of 30.	2
This study contributes to an understanding of how status aspiration shapes academics' attitudes towards ranking systems.	5
This study examines whether and how India's research efforts address the country's health needs.	1
1316 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—July 2009	0
In particular, the present study examined altmetric mentions of academic papers on social media using the Quadruple Helix by classifying the data into four spaces: innovation, knowledge, consensus, and government.	1
Since the total competitiveness in each temporal network is founded to be rising with time, it is getting harder to receive a new citation or to develop a new collaboration.	4
ScienceDirect provides access to nearly 716 thousand documents published in Elsevier journals during the year 2017.	2
The citation performs a backbone role in the citation of scientific work.	0
In this way, the weights of indicators are objectively determined, and the relative significance of each indicator in evaluating the quality of journals is indicated.	5
As we have shown, the results based on CPC-4 are roughly similar, but different in important respects from IPC-based maps.	5
From 2001-2014, 4128 articles in 586 different academic journals dealt with tree stress.	4
Two stars indicate statistical significance at the 5% level for a two-tailed test.	0
The dataset for the present study was extracted from the Web of Science Core Collection on January 12, 2024, encompassing 68,587 publications after the removal of duplicate values.	2
The median (95% CI) time from submission of concerns to the first journal correction was 22.1 (18.2–26.9) months: this did not diminish by year of submission of concerns, varied between publishers, and was shorter for journals with higher impact factors.	4
This study shows that in addition to interdisciplinarity, the scientific impact of interdisciplinary research is also affected by the citation characteristics of interdisciplinary components, namely ICCI.	5
In this work, we intend to compare the research status quo on terahertz technology between 1990 and 2010 using knowledge domain visualization techniques.	1
The results show that there are large publishing consortia in nuclear physics, astronomy, and some health-related fields.	5
Other data sources may provide static data dumps in a variety of formats or not offer programmatic access to their data at all.	0
A set of journals with overall topics in Physical Therapy discipline with the largest history in the Journal Citation Report were selected: Physiotherapy, Physical Therapy, and Australian Journal of Physiotherapy/Journal of Physiotherapy.	2
I will recall this point in the discussion on the roles of these evaluation tools.	0
By contrast, the degree of academic inbreeding is relatively low in Australian law schools and findings in this setting add to the literature.	5
The first row in each cell is correlation coefficient and the second row the probability that the coefficient equals to zero.	0
Department of Information Management, Nanjing University of Science and Technology, Nanjing 210094, China	0
Furthermore, by comparing the citation-based maps of the field with the acknowledgments-based networks, it permits to shed light on the relationship between the intellectual and social layer of analytic philosophy.	5
Over the years, the relative contribution from the area has increased on average by approximately 50% and represents around 4% of the world overall production.	4
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
A total of 1,218 source titles have published invasion science literature between 1980 and 2020.	0
The rest of this paper is organized into four sections and an Appendix.	0
After adjusting for missing cases in the whole and extensive set of explanatory variables, the final sample size was 3,846.	2
Secondly, are there many influential articles that deal with these six key development issues but are not published in development journals?	1
This process could be replaced by encoding SJR categories by any established procedure, like one-hot encoding, target encoding, etc.	0
A total of 4,744 AEPs from 136 programs were evaluated.	2
At the international level, these results suggest that the correction of the literature is becoming global and is not limited to mainstream international publications.	5
Objetivo: Proponer una metodología multidimensional para obtener el perfil cienciométrico del Instituto Nacional de Cancerología (INCan), México, y compararlo respecto a otras instituciones nacionales de salud.	1
= data are not available (e.g., the half-life is calculated only for those journals receiving more than 100 citations).	0
'Practitioner-generated research' includes organisational reports, government papers and monitoring and evaluation reports, and is important for ensuring comprehensiveness in conservation reviews.	2
Perhaps the main strength of the system is its capacity to be easily adapted to other research institutions.	5
We have also collected data from the Thomson Reuters Web of Knowledge on citations to those articles that eventually were published in JPR.	2
Determine the probability of the general public encountering non-indexed OA aquaculture journals using a Google search, and 3.	1
What is the relationship between gender parity in scientific output and levels of human development?	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
In CEE countries there was a clear increase in the percentage of WoS-covered social sciences articles in 2013–2016.	4
We, nine evolutionary biologists from different countries and career stages, provide a comparative summary of our impressions on funding strategies for evolutionary biology across eleven different funding agencies.	1
To evaluate the academic productivity and National Institutes of Health (NIH) funding of members of the Association for Academic Surgery (AAS).	1
To summarize, the new index proposed here, gN, is a normalized measure of impact and concentration that does not suffer from insensitivity to citation transfers within the g-core; is coherent with the transfer principle; assumes its maximum value 1 if, and only if, the citation vector is (C, 0, 0, ..., 0).	5
We based the structure of the charrette on the outcomes of the previous workshop: WHO, HOW, WHY, WHERE, WHEN, WHAT.	3
The USA consistently ranked first with equal numbers of publications in periods 1 and 2.	4
Taking into account all the outcomes and considering the values of DBI, SC, and CHI, the ideal value of k=3 is considered.	4
The objective is to furnish a cognitive-level explanatory framework for comprehending the mechanisms of QRPs.	1
The seahorse-shaped structure reveals how the 11 subcomponents of Cascade assemble into the final protein complex.	4
The data source was Dimensions, a publication and research database from Digital Science, and specifically the in-house version at the Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS) at Leiden University.	2
The journal has attracted contributors from around the globe, most often affiliated with the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia.	4
Negative binomial regression was used to examine the effects of predictor variables on the Citation count.	3
A considerable portion of the publications in JCF, about 83%, are collaborative in nature with majority of the collaborations are by two or three authors.	4
It is readily apparent that the research constituency, affiliated authors and PhD graduates, has become more globally widespread.	5
From the KEINS patent database, we extracted all Italian academic inventors from the four academic disciplines with the highest propensity to patent, namely: Chemical Engineering, Biology, Pharmacology, and Electronic Engineering & Telecommunications.	2
Our research questions are therefore (a) whether we could reconstruct a valid semantic representation for articles from all the entities they are associated with and (b) identify article clusters using standard methods based on such a semantic representation.	1
CRIT Laboratory, Université de Bourgogne Franche-Comté, 30 rue Mégevand, 25000 Besan?on, France	0
4 Is the frequency with which a particular journal is cited in any way related to its open access status?	1
1 Elapsed time from project initiation to publication of research results: a papers and b patents	0
The objective of this paper is to contribute to a better understanding of the scientific knowledge in global warming, as well as to investigate the evolution of the research knowledge through the published papers included in Web of Science database.	1
This study provides evidence for researchers to choose suitable PubMed citation sources, which is also helpful for evaluating the citation quality of free bibliographic databases.	5
Regarding RQ1, all the correlation coefficients between the various metrics were computed using Spearman's method (x < 0.1) to account for the known non-linear distribution of web data.	3
an average of 100 papers for each year in the period covered).	2
Text classification was run on the entire dataset to tag each abstract with the corresponding code.	3
After removing incomplete and irregular questionnaires, 269 valid questionnaires were used for the analysis.	2
The period spanning 1990 to 2019 includes classic themes such as behaviour and health.	4
Wu's categorization divided the 3018 errors into 6 types: lexical errors, morphology errors, syntax errors, substance errors, cohesive errors, and discourse errors, occupying 31.78%, 21.24%, 23.36%, 20.74%, 2.42% and 0.46% of the total respectively (see Table 2).	4
Along the three volume indicators (Publications, Citations, 4-Year H-index) the top three countries are United States, China, and UK.	4
This study on PDJs was conducted on a large scale and investigated various aspects of PDJs.	5
Most citations found only by GS were from non-journal sources (48%–65%), including theses, books, conference papers, and unpublished materials.	4
Collaboration links between supervisors and students are very much evident and seem to be the most influencing factor on research collaboration among LIS researchers in South Africa.	5
1 and 2 have molded a four-phase mixed methods approach; each phase comprises input, output, and process, and acts as input for the subsequent phase.	3
To explore whether Altmetrics correlate with traditional bibliometrics in the Implantology literature.	1
Short of doing away with the whole edifice of academic journals, we remain convinced that open access represents a positive step forward in making knowledge a public good beyond the walls of relatively privileged academic institutions.	5
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Using citation indicators for research evaluation may give incentives for researchers to publish in fast-growing topics, but they may cause research to be less diversified.	5
Table 2: Numbers and Percentages of Top Organizations, Top Scientists and Percentages of Top Scientists Working at Top Organizations	0
There were no significant differences between groups at the p < .05 level in either the FWCI [F(1, 202) = .00, p = .96], authors' h-index scores [F(1, 202)=.03, p=.86], number of documents published by authors [F(1,202) = .66, p = .42], nor journal h-index score [F(1, 202) = .66, p = .42].	4
ScientoPy finds the top trending topics based on the higher average growth rate (AGR).	3
9 we observed that of the 10 leading periodicals, 70 % are related to air transportation and the other 30 % to business models (without considering the quantitative contribution to the base.	4
There is a pronounced increase in explicit detail in the specifications, across all parameters, with the most marked changes in the decade between 1999 and 2009.	5
The American Physical Society (APS) has made available data based on publications for use in research on citation analysis and scientometrics.	2
We use these shared pairs as the pseudo-ground-truth.	3
The foundations of the innovation policy configurations are based in the very different histories, the established institutions and the economies of Russia and China.	5
Of 430 author respondents, 38% were working in medicine or allied health sciences, 23% in biological sciences, 14% in physical sciences, and 25% in other/multidisciplinary fields.	2
The hjif-index is defined by min {JIF[i] | JIF[i] > x i} where a = JIF[1]/n, and n < T is the number of different JIFs1.	3
The proof is based on relations (2), (3) and can be found in [1], Exercise II.2.2.6 or in [7] where a proof is given in the Appendix.	0
The significance of the correlation between coleadership and coauthorship among different organizations was calculated using the Pearson chi-square test of independence.	3
The weights of elements Aij of the adjacency matrix depend on all the state variables of the two individuals interacting, and one could assume it to follow the simple dynamics:	3
Thus, in total, and after removal of cases where necessary data was missing, the current study makes use of a working sample of 7242 participants.	2
2007 Nordic Sociological Association Published by SAGE (Los Angeles, London, New Delhi and Singapore)	0
The bidirectional change in publication numbers since 2008 constitutes a milestone in the development of EM in Taiwan.	5
journals only related to the field of dermatology, nonduplication of identical journals, English language, archived, functional website), the data of journals were collected from the first issue up to the end of 2020.	2
Based on the analytical tool of co-word analysis, the high frequency keywords and high centrality keywords can be extracted from the literature.	4
The goal of this study was to systematically address the current range of, and historic trends in, manuscript specifications for journals in education.	1
A bibliometric and social network analyses was performed to obtain indicators of scientific productivity, impact and collaboration between researchers, institutions and countries.	3
Again, one may consider the BMA and AAAS cases as different for their basic objective is non-profit, since they primarily aim at representing and serving the interests of their scholarly communities.	0
As a data source for the analyses, we use so-called citable items (articles, letters, notes, reviews) in Elsevier's Scopus database, which provides information on articles published in about 22,000 journals worldwide (https://www.elsevier.com/solutions/scopus).	2
Among the determinants of the number of cites the quality of the publication outlet exhibits a strong positive effect.	4
The collected data were analyzed using relevant statistical tools and techniques namely, cumulative cube root frequency, arithmetic mean, percentage and frequency distribution, standard deviation and independent sample t-test.	3
The tool is applied as a proof-of-concept on the papers published in the online open access geography journal Cybergeo since its creation in 1996.	2
Future studies should analyze Chilean scientific production about Sport Sciences published at the international level and indexed in databases such as Web of Science or Scopus for complementing the present results and assessing the amount of articles reaching the top scientific journals.	5
The Biblioshiny with R packages and VOSViewer were used as analytical tools.	3
We consider two outcomes of publishing success after starting one's first assistant professor position.	3
Our aim was to describe and analyze the research output on stroke in Latin America.	1
Figure 1 illustrates the distribution of h-index, g-index and ar-index according to the Iranian Epidemiologists’ academic ranking.	0
In this paper, we study co-authorship in the field of mathematical finance.	1
The gap between Indian and Turkish scientists' research preferences and their actual practice underscores the need to better understand obstacles to international collaboration in developing economies with limited R&D resources.	5
nrmdegreecentralityXgen, nrmclosenesscentralityXgen, nrmbetween nesscentralityXgender, nrmdegreecentralityXage, nrmclosenesscentralityXage, nrmbetweennesscentralityXage, nrmdegreecentralityXsec, nrmcloseness centralityXsec, nrmbetweennesscentralityXsec) to test the moderating effects of gender, academic age and institutional sector.	3
Keywords: scholarly publishing; open access; academic associations; journals; political science; Canada	0
In turn, the most productive authors of the period are Argentine.	4
To standardize comparisons across the three sample years, cited references are analyzed only from the most recent three years for each instance: publication year 2004 takes cited reference years for 2001–2003; publication year 2009 takes cited references for 2006-2008; publication year 2014 takes cited references for 2011-2013.	2
Social impact (social media platform) indicators of papers are from the PLoS Biology website, and include View, Save, Discussed, and Recommended (Balbi et al.	2
A simple correlation coefficient between these two sets of scores is 0.466.	4
Whether interdisciplinarity leads to greater success in research remains a question that is still unresolved.	1
More than 70 percent of the cited sources exceeded ten years old.	4
The network clustering coefficient was equal to 0.807 (80.7%).	4
As of today (again roughly), level 1 gives {0.7, 1.0, 5.0} points depending on publication type—conference proceeding, journal article or monograph, respectively.	2
Journal and conference papers published before 2015 (≤2015) were included to ensure enough time for the papers to accumulate five-year citations.	2
Meanwhile, our method is more robust against time-dependent perturbations, indicating that the credit share assigned by the co-citing network algorithm is much less influenced by publication age.	5
The 300 papers are published in 44 different journals, with citations ranging between 3816 (top of the list) and 588 (bottom of the list).	2
To check the robustness and have a comprehensive understanding, we also collect the publications in the category of “Information Science & Library Science (ISLS)” and compare the results in these two very different fields.	2
The most cited work is from Barney (1991), affili- ated with Texas A&M University, Texas, with 22,059 citations in Scopus.	4
RQ 4 – How many times have articles on open access journals been cited per year between 1993 and 2016 in SSCI?	1
Wald tests assessed the associations between study variables and the numbers of authors per article.	3
This small survey of ECU faculty researchers on the whole indicated limited knowledge about open access practices and outlets, but great support for the philosophy, tenets, and ethos of the OA movement.	5
Unfortunately, all these pitfalls would also influence indicators for journal evaluation, e.g., Impact Factor, and have the risk of being abused or misused in research management.	5
The complete coding scheme and the number of comments assigned per theme is available in Table S1 in the Supplementary Material.	0
To address this challenge, we developed a balanced neighbor sampling approach.	3
Using social network analysis and content analysis, Lundgren's work investigates through whom, for whom, and under what conditions learning occurs.	0
Therefore, this study attempted to visualize the scientific collaboration of authors, institutions, regions, and keywords of CHL using SNA.	1
The 374 literature collected were reduced to 319 records after preliminary processing.	2
To enhance the effectiveness of topic detection in subsequent experiments, referring to Li et al.'s (2020) experimental design, we selected laureates in the dataset with more than 50 papers as our research objects.	2
The results confirm a low but statistically significant underlying Spearman correlation of about 0.3 between downloads and citations.	4
Our findings suggest that while thematic funding induces scientists to shift their topic focus in the short term, the longer-term effects are negligible.	5
Additional services and information for Urban Studies can be found at:	0
Oceania and South America were the continents more frequently funded (P<.05), with Africa being the least frequent.	4
However, the utilization of these designations is uncommon for first authorship (8.6%) and rare (1.8%) for senior authorship based on our 2018 sampling.	5
Only connections with more than one article or 40 article citations were displayed to create a clean layout.	0
Our data comprises 412,498 publications drawn from 23 individual high-impact journals indexed by Thompson Reuters Web of Knowledge (TRWOK).	2
The data in the plots are taken from the structure matrix.	0
Data were drawn from in-depth semi-structured interviews with 30 respondents, providing a rich foundation for further research in this area.	2
The number of journals in the area of obstetrics and gynecology listed in the JCR has increased from 2007 to 2013 from 60 to 78.	4
He is the author of Marine Ecological Processes, a widely used textbook, and Doing Science, a guide to how scientists carry out their work.	0
This study was aimed at identifying Lassa fever research activities and to analyse the structure of the evolving Lassa fever research community network over time, and identify existing research collaborations and influential action.	1
The greatest concern and barrier for OA is still to establish the journal reputation and quality to be in par with the leading core journals.	5
This essay thus focuses on writing within this context—including both published genres (e.g., journal articles, conference proceedings) and workplace genres (e.g., IRB protocols, grant proposals) in fields ranging from the natural and physical sciences and engineering to the health sciences and empirical social sciences.	1
All in all, these results suggest that Mendeley bookmarks can be a good complement to citations in the assessment of young articles, provided they are in a discipline with a high level of Mendeley users.	5
Factor analysis is a multivariate method that aims to uncover general factors that underlie a set of data with many variables (Hair et al, 1998).	3
Science mapping is another bibliometric analysis method, which is mainly used to reveal the conceptual, social, and intellectual structure of scientific research, as well as aspects of their dynamic evolution [27].	3
The Web of Science (WoS) [11] is one of the finest bibliographic databases in the world.	2
We separately focused on the four journals with the highest IF year by year, without necessarily committing to specific "flagship journals".	2
The interaction between different fields (e.g., medical science, social science, business and economics, engineering) is necessary to solve holistic problems, as evidenced by the number of interdisciplinary works.	5
We find that overall article output in accounting has increased in recent years and that concentration measures have decreased.	4
The high methodological quality subnetwork was larger but had a lower connection density than the low and moderate methodological quality subnetworks; specifically, the former contained relatively fewer nodes (authors and reviews), reviews by authors, and collaborators per author.	4
With the Monte Carlo simulation method, the score results were simulated 10,000 times, using the average contributions and their standard deviations.	3
This paper aims to examine authorship trends in software engineering, especially those related to the number of authors, of scientific publications.	1
A total of 1119 (23%) foreign-educated professors get undergraduate education from India and China.	4
As examples, we show the results of five subject categories: ‘Information Science & Library Science’, ‘Computer Science, Information Systems’, ‘Computer Science, Software Engineering’, ‘Psychology, Social’ and, ‘Chemistry, Physical’.	1
Few invitations disclosed information related to publication fees (9, 11.4%) or mentioned any publication guidelines (21, 26.6%).	4
The vertical axis ‘citation + 1’ is used for consideration of papers without citations to avoid ln(0).	0
Finally, we selected 211 journals in the field of economics, econometrics, and statistics rated 2 or above in the ABS Academic Journal Guide to rank institutions in the subject area of economics.	2
Publications coauthored with researchers within the discipline and within Slovenia ?	3
The patent data have been collected through Derwent Innovations Index (DII).	2
Unlike the h-index, HCP as a relative indicator does not underestimate researchers with shorter or interrupted research careers and does not depend on research fields.	5
The h and g indexes provided a synthetic measure of both the quantity (number of papers) and quality (number of citations) of a researcher's production.	3
This way, exploration of latest trends, cluster analysis, citation/ self- citation analysis and approaches would be adopted in future research.	0
To investigate the research progress of Gulf Cooperation Council countries in science and social sciences.	1
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
Most academics and, by the same token, departments and whole organizations, are today explicitly ranked, or implicitly valued, according to quantitative measures of research output, such as number of publications in journals with an impact factor, citation rates, and cumulative grant income.	1
Institution-Type Differentials in Percentage of Tenured Faculty with PhDs from Top 26 Universities, by Years of Experience.	0
For this study, relative recall (RelRec) for a given system sx was calculated as the ratio of the number of non-repeating relevant documents retrieved from the system to the number of all relevant non-repeating documents retrieved from all systems examined.	3
The bibliometric studies considered in this study were published not only in the general journals such as Plos One and Current Science but also in core journals such as Scientometrics, Journal of Scientometric Research, Annals of Library and Information Science, and DESIDOC Journal of Library and Information Technology.	2
She obtained her Masters and PhD in Biological Oceanography at the Foundation University of Rio Grande (FURG), Brazil.	0
whether authors with alphabetically earlier surnames result as being more cited.	1
There were 3756 information sources (articles) published in the Journal CHB from 1991 to 2015 (Table 1) within 9 document types.	2
As shown in Table 10, there is no significant correlation between Entropy and Rao-Stirling interdisciplinarity, suggesting that the measure of interdisciplinarity by doctoral degrees of the faculty at iSchools is different compared to the measure of interdisciplinarity by the number of papers published by individuals of the iSchools.	4
the most cited documents) was calculated along with basic bibliometric indicators such as the Price Index.	3
The results of the study showed that co-authorship could develop the university and promote the level of social capital in the university.	5
To obtain comprehensible results, we employ non-negative matrix factorization as well as suitable visualization techniques.	3
For an international review of performance-based research funding in tertiary education see OECD (2010).	0
The total connection (collaborative work) increased 400% from 2009 to 2012.	4
The flow of communities in the field of complex systems is described in Fig.	4
We characterize this orientation by means of the CHI-classification which distinguishes between: 1) clinical observation, 2) clinical mix, 3) clinical investigation, and 4) basic research (Narin et al., 1976).	3
The following research would help in scrutinizing the h-index along with its citation intensity based variants to rank the authors by using a large dataset of Mathematics domain that consist of 57,533 authors and 62,033 total numbers of publications.	1
Here, we use US patent records dating from 1790 to 2010 to formally characterize invention as a combinatorial process.	1
8, 2003 was a turning point, from which the complexity of the network and the number of nodes significantly increased.	4
Barycenters of places of publication of books are geometrically located within a standardized polygon, where each vertex represents one geographic location.	3
China's capital already plays a critical role in AI research not only as a hub of knowledge creation but also as a bridge between East and West in terms of citations, collaborations, and scientists' migrations.	5
The period under study is 1974 to 2014.	2
The main cause of retraction was misconduct (65.3%), and the leading reasons were plagiarism, data management and compromise of the review process.	4
In this sense, these are the top three economics departments in Australia and New Zealand in per capita terms.	0
The aim of this study is to provide a citation-based research evaluation.	1
From the journal point of view (right side of Table 4), the self-citations of ISF are the most common ones which is a very common result for most of the journals.	4
1 Escola de Comunica??es e Artes, Universidade de S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo, Brazil, 2 Instituto de Biociências, Universidade de S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo, Brazil, 3 Instituto de Biologia, Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, 4 Instituto de Ciências Biomédicas, Universidade de S?o Paulo, S?o Paulo, Brazil, 5 S?o Paulo, Brazil, 6 New York, New York, United States of America	0
The results from the sensitivity analysis confirm the positive ripple effect of mitigating personal barriers on other sets of barriers.	4
This procedure makes it possible to determine two things with great precision: first, the level of “coexistence” of authors from different disciplines who publish but do not collaborate in the same set of publications in a given subject category from a recognized bibliometric source; and second, the level of cross-disciplinary collaboration that is a condition for qualifying any scientific output as multidisciplinary, interdisciplinary (in the specific, more restrictive definition of the term) or transdisciplinary research.	0
Thus, only articles published by German-speaking authors or author collectives with at least one writer associated with an institution localized in a German-speaking region were considered.	2
Moreover, journals need to increase some of the indicators so they can be compared with other regional and international open-access benchmarks, which is the model in which they were originally conceived.	5
The Journal of Rock Mechanics and Geotechnical Engineering (JRMGE) is provided as an illustration of the operation costs of CELJs and to demonstrate the associated financial pressures.	3
All articles were written in English and they were published in a total of 16 journals.	4
As these factors are conceptually related, we conduct a confirmatory principle component factor analysis on these 11 motivation items.	3
It classifies the information according to different criteria including authors, journals, institutions and countries.	3
Out of the 231 (N=231) full-time faculty from the 16 L-Schools, 222 (N=222) received email invitations to participate in a survey.	2
In the research on learning difficulties, diagnostic tests, teaching materials and remedial tools were key artefacts of transmission.	4
The impact of a manuscript is defined as Φ = |Φ|, i.e., the cardinality of set Φ.	3
Likewise, the citation heterodisciplinarity of a journal is defined as the percentage share of citations to the journal received from sources outside the discipline (field) of the journal itself.	3
From the Scopus database, we collected scientific publications in a specific research field, e-tourism, to examine the role of review papers in citation-based analysis.	1
There were 11,185 articles out of 66,567 (16.8%) that had authors from more than one countries.	4
Articles written in collaboration between authors living in developed and developing countries are in an intermediate position, receiving more citations than those written only by authors in developing countries, but less than articles written by authors in developed countries.	4
After controlling all sources of bias, we found that papers downloaded from Sci-Hub were cited 1.72 times more than papers not downloaded from Sci-Hub (Table 9 in the Appendix).	4
Decision Tree (Qin et al., 2009), an extensively utilized data classification technique is applied to divide the popularity cycle of entities based on the temporal trend of the relative frequency for each entity.	3
In this way, these indicators could potentially be used as an alternative of the JIF as a more direct measurement of the quality of a journal's manuscript peer review process.	5
From a variety of higher education ranking version, we choose three ranking versions, namely Kemenristekdikti, Webometrics and 4icu versions.	2
Tables 2, 3 and 4 present the most central authors, institutions and countries, in terms of degree centrality, betweenness centrality and eigenvector centrality?.	3
The main objective of this paper is to cover this research gap through a bibliometric analysis, that covers 95 years (1918–2013), of articles published in peer-reviewed journals extracted from the SCOPUS database.	1
The WoS database was screened on 15.02.2019 (Web of Science, 2019).	2
Our analyses are guided by the following research question: How does authorship (i.e.	1
The top three journals in which articles were published were: South African Journal of Botany (76 articles); Water SA (75 articles); and International Journal of Electrochemical Science (66 articles).	4
We use the Bonferroni adjustment to counteract the problem of multiple comparisons which can result from the multiple correlation of FFa with several bibliometric metrics.	3
Results show that US-Europe co-publication links are more efficient in terms of producing highly cited papers than those international links that Asian cities have built in scientific collaboration.	4
Odds and odds ratios can be used to measure the performance difference between a selected university and competing institutions, or the average of selected competitors, in a relatively simple but clear way.	1
Since the SCIE is included in the WoS Core Collection, relative data have been downloaded from WoS Core Collection SCIE (https://apps.webofknowledge.com/) to analyze the performance of research works published in the journal from 2008 to November 1, 2019.	2
The metadata regarding the publication records was imported into the data/ text mining software VantagePoint, for data treatment and subsequent bibliometric analysis.	3
This study confirmed the interdisciplinary influence of HBPLE on the basis of articles from 40 disciplines citing HBPLE between 1950 and 2013.	5
They have not been peer-reviewed or been subject to the review by the NBER Board of Directors that accompanies official NBER publications.	0
In this respect, Table 3 reports the share of classified journals that are indexed in the Scopus database as of October 2019, distinguished by scientific area; on average, 48% of scientific journals and over 67% of top rated journals are also indexed in Scopus.	4
From this list, 79 articles from 41 journals, published by AOML affiliated scientists/researchers were examined (see Appendix A).	2
The IEEE Xplore database is significantly more cited with increasing numbers between 2000 and 2019.	4
VOSviewer (Center for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden, Netherlands) was used to network and visualize the literature.	3
Depending on their answer they were handed a small stack of 2 in.	3
Accountable non-author entities were more identifiable in the retraction notices published between 2010 and 2019 than in those published before 2010.	4
The first (DS1) consists of 256 pdf articles downloaded from the CiteSeerX repository.	2
Predictably, there is a high correlation between the Transitory indicator and the international scientific collaboration of r = 0.821 for all countries.	4
All content following this page was uploaded by ?erife y?lmaz on 23 June 2024.	0
To achieve this, we identify the most frequently used words in the articles' titles, author keywords, index keywords and abstracts.	3
This aim prompts us to seek to determine the role of studies on sales within commercial banking literature, to contribute to the flow of new knowledge and to orient both researchers and practitioners with regard to current issues and findings.	1
The average values of variety and DIV increased over time; however, those of balance decreased over time (Figure 4b).	4
Therefore, given its current importance in funded science, it is critical that the behaviour and limitations of the journal impact factor be clearly understood.	0
Although there have been sounding alarm that AI may pose grave danger to humans, it plays a crucial role in improving human welfare in diverse sectors [24].	0
Our database contains patents and publications by academic scientists in Austria, Belgium, Spain, France, Italy, Sweden, and the UK.	2
The half-life of a paper is the time after which the normalized citation rate c?(t) is never above 1/2.	3
First, we searched all peer-reviewed journals in PsycINFO, like Spear (2007), to get an analysis not bound exclusively to “influential” journals.	2
Currently, the database includes more than 24,000 health sciences journal records.	2
With filtering, searching for depression terms in abstracts and titles of Web of Science publications of Mental Health Science journals yielded ~120000 publications between 2007 and 2016.	2
To ensure a sufficient number of cited references and citations to calculate the disruption index, we only considered papers with at least 10 linked cited references and citations.	2
According to the number of articles published in Kyphoplasty, China, USA, Germany, Korea, and Italy are among the leading countries.	4
In this work, we undertake empirical analysis of the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on worldwide research production, across macro-geographical areas and gender.	1
we considered that three questions deserved to be addressed: (i) are COVID-19-related manuscripts preferred for journal publishing over the non-COVID-19-related manuscripts?	1
We propose indices defined for each discipline (subfield) and which count the plausible contributions added up by collaborators maintaining the spirit of interdependency.	1
This study provides an up-to-date bibliometric analysis on the publications of ED in SM research field in the period 2009–2017.	5
Three IRs hosted by the Islamic universities (Universitas Islam Negeri, hereafter referred to as UIN) in Indonesia were purposively selected (UIN Sunan Kalijaga Yogyakarta, UIN Alauddin Makassar, and UIN Maulana Malik Ibrahim Malang) as the focus of this study due to the following reasons:	2
Based on the above considerations, the analysis performed in this study used 2 different approaches.	3
Thus, the semantic similarity adjusted co-citation matrix, with its higher Dunn index, imply better clustering results.	4
Through regression analysis, we found that although authors acknowledged the reviewer's contribution, their decision to write down acknowledgements were influenced by their language proficiency.	4
Multilevel linear regression models evaluated the influence of article type, funding, and presence/absence of international collaboration in the ACA separately for all articles and for Brazilian articles only.	3
If learning is a social process, then this type of classroom structure fails to create social cohesion and arguably does not support team learning.	5
Patents in ‘thin film’ in USA (1976–1997), and three-year moving average	0
Over the past decade, Iran has achieved significant success in medical sciences and for the first time in 2015 based on Scopus index, Iran ranked first in the number of published scientific papers and number of citations in the region and among all Islamic countries.	4
(2010) and the classification used in the Web of Science (THOMSON REUTERS, 2012) respectively.	3
The method presented proves to be useful to measure the intellectual mobility of scientists.	5
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first paper to simultaneously cover all scientific areas, using a massive database of publishing papers, and to apply an econometric model to analyze data.	5
RQ1: What is the empirical magnitude of the JIF differences separating the quartile classes?	1
From this, it seems vital for countries such as Malaysia to develop their own individual approaches to judging the performance of national journals rather than relying on international citation data (WoS).	5
By agreeing to review a manuscript, the reviewer is acknowledging that he or she has the knowledge base with which to adequately assess the manuscript.	0
The median number of citations received by the retracted articles was 2.0 (IQR 9.0).	4
The percentage of accepted invitations was calculated as the number of accepted invitations divided by the total number of invitations minus the number of outstanding invitations at the time of data extraction and the number of editor un-invitations and terminations.	3
The first element of the meta-analysis and typology-building was deriving some basic descriptives of the cases under consideration, looking at three main issues, namely the place of the impact in the research process, the vectors by which the productive interaction took place, and the kinds of beneficiaries involved (see Table 2 below).	3
The objective of this study is to address the disciplinary variations in Journal Impact Factor (JIF), enabling its reasonable application in the evaluation of journals across diverse disciplines.	1
A total of 33 authors with the highest number of total citation count were identified, and they comprised the group of 33 highly cited authors.	2
As time has gone by, not only are the number of papers published increasing and the number of authors contributing to TR-Part B increasing, but so is the intensity of collaboration (Table 13).	5
This paper focused on a co-citation analysis of journals.	5
Copyright of European Review is the property of Cambridge University Press and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
Building on the described conceptual and empirical foundations, the proposed method consists of three consecutive phases: (1) specification of the highly specialized seed record that is the starting point of the analysis, (2) determination for each of the four data fields of a set of most frequently occurring values ('key values') characterizing the seed record, and (3) identification of all publications associated to key values for at least three of the four data fields, constituting the specialty approximation.	3
Table 1 presents a summary and selection of the 19 most relevant conferences for different disciplines of our CRC/Transregio 89.	2
Therefore, this study adopts fixed-effects negative binomial model regression using maximum likelihood estimator and the procedure is implemented in Stata 16.0.	3
Our analysis of coauthorship patterns in JE examines the networks of collaboration; the properties of these networks can help uncover interesting characteristics of the structure of the authorship community in JE.	3
We investigate whether having an advisor of the same gender is correlated with the productivity of PhD science students and their propensity to stay in academic science.	1
The accumulation was not matched by a corresponding rising consensus.	4
Rows represent the actual class and columns represent the predicted class.	0
Three independent reviews that provide an objective appraisal are pivotal to the analysis.	2
In total, 473 scientists with Masters or PhD degrees were surveyed (170 at KARI institutes and 303 at Kenyan universities).	2
The citation intent subset includes a total of 1941 instances, which are divided into six categories according to the ACT annotation system (Pride et al., 2019).	2
Each set was retrieved by searching the in-house version of PubMed/MEDLINE at Karolinska Institutet for a Medical Subject Heading (MeSH).	2
For the survey, the term 'academic scientist' included research fellows, teaching/research assistants, and faculty (assistant professors and higher ranks).	2
give rise to a new theoretical framework to explain the properties of graphene?’	1
The performance evaluation was carried out using the Pearson correlation and Spearman rank correlation tests.	3
These results imply that values of the dependent variable (NP) can be predicted in a new dataset based on the values of the explanatory variables, with a risk estimate of 0.054.	4
This is a simple presentation of the researchers and their peers within the research area of the department, based on the citation frequency analysis.	0
This article looks at whether there is evidence to support two prevailing assumptions about open access (OA).	1
The published studies until March 2018 were collected for literature review of the laws on preventing and confronting the fraud in preparation of scientific works in Iran by searching PubMed/MEDLINE, Scopus, EMBASE, Cochrane library, ISI Web of science, Proquest and Google scholar.	3
However, several questions remain unclear, such as how to (1) collect data of citations related to a given cited journal; (2) conduct the social network analysis on journals related to citations; and (3) produce the diagram properly and quickly on a dashboard.	1
Results showed that in two large bibliometric datasets (creativity research: N = 1643; bibliometrics dataset: N = 2986) correlations between impact and the various indicators for openness, idea density, and originality were negligible to small; this finding supports the discriminant validity of the new creative scholarship indicators.	4
Scientific progress is fundamentally brought about by the methods and instruments we develop to do science and make discoveries—not just by theory-driven changes.	5
This study highlights the potential value of altmetrics by measuring the social impact of research as altmetrics can provide valuable information not captured by traditional metrics.	5
Data analysis was carried out with the statistical packages Stata (version 15.2) for the SEM analyses (following the guidance of/procedure described by (Acock 2013), and SPSS (version 25) for the descriptive statistics.	0
In addition, it was observed that the values of FWCI for the scholarly output related to the load shedding study from 2012 to 2016 were more than 1.00.	0
All faculty members, excluding those with emeritus status, from the Department of Medical Imaging at the University of Toronto were included in this study.	2
We conducted correlation analysis of the number of citations and in-lobby index values over 235 articles generated by 50 scholars identified.	4
The effect of additional citations on the internal structure of rank orders within JCR groups obviously increased with n, the number of citations added.	5
Therefore, a journal citation network including these 1,210 journals will be analyzed in the study to assess journals' structural influence in Internet research during 2000–2010.	2
The most important PSWE factors for good performance were fair, considerate leaders and a supportive social climate.	4
Proof: As a k-shell has at least k+1 nodes, each with degree at least k, the h-index of this k-shell is at least k.	0
Building on contributions by Stirling (2007) and Ràfols (2014), Box 1 describes the formulae used in DARE to measure diversity and cohesiveness.	3
Current academic radiation oncologists have a high mean RCR value relative to the benchmark NIH RCR value of 1.	5
Finally, given the complexities of TR, editors should make sure their journals' policies and editorial practices are based on shared standards and recent research rather than individual opinions.	5
The full database included 6994 individuals and 895 nodes (Fig.	2
The statistical population of this research consists of those international scientific productions including article, meeting abstracts, proceedings papers, reviews and software reviews cited in Science Citation Index Expanded (Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science) from 2008 to 2010.	2
In concrete grant evaluation, the emphasis is on professional capital, complemented with several types of individual capital but no social capital.	4
He has published previously in Social Science Quarterly and has an article forthcoming in the American Journal of Political Science.	0
The research reported in this paper was supported by funds from the Electronic Libraries Programme, an initiative of the Joint Information Systems Committee of the UK Higher Education Funding Councils.	0
Copyright of Interdisciplinary Science Reviews is the property of Maney Publishing and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
We wondered, nonetheless, whether ChatGPT might be able to offer a distinct appreciation of the issue of “predatory publishing”.	1
We therefore combined RDD with coarsened exact matching (CEM) and matched on gender, race, ethnicity, activity code (K01, K08, K23), degree type, previous NIH support through National Research Service Awards (NRSAs), fiscal year, and institute (IC).	3
We construct semantic communities (see supplementary material for methodological details) with the Louvain algorithm (Blondel et al., 2008).	3
Only if a is not unit-invariant (that is, only if different authors have different values of the Lotka exponent) may the ranking differ.	5
Content analysis, using a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet, was conducted by two researchers who independently completed open coding to develop an initial coding guide through an inductive, data-grounded process (Strauss & Corbin, 1990).	3
For this purpose, firstly, we calculated the correlation among different indices.	3
Combining the Euclidean Index with the Alp weighting scheme produces the Weighted Euclidean Index:	3
This paper provided evidence of the dynamic nature of BMBs interdisciplinary relations, and of an increasing tendency of BMB researchers to cite literature from other disciplines.	5
Figure 1 shows the top-ranked journals in which the researchers would prefer to publish.	0
The results of the quantitative study show increasing interest in open-science activities, expressed as a growing number of publications, and an increase in participation, leadership, and funding in European projects.	4
The present survey aimed to address this question.	1
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:https://doi.org/10.1007/s11192-023-04669-7) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
The stand-alone journals (as opposed to those titles that are a part of a predatory publisher’s portfolio of titles) on Beall’s list from 2014 form the basis of the analyses.	2
For AJSM? the average percentage of female first authors was 13.3%, increasing from 4.7% in 1986 to 19.3% in 2016; the average percentage of female corresponding authors was 7.3%.	4
The Eigenfactor score of Chinese journals was lower than that of the international journals [0.005 (0.003, 0.007) vs.	4
By means of standardised email, we invited two groups of editors to participate in the survey: 586 biomedical editors from 43 journals in the BMJ Publishing group; and 478 editors from 235 journals identified in a previous cross-sectional bibliometric study (see online supplementary file 2).	2
A published protocol details search and analysis methods.	3
More specifically, ATP attendees acquired at NIH a more “translational” style of research, with a greater focus on the bench-to-bedside transition.	5
Using a task-based approach, we show that digital intensity is directly linked to the technology frontier.	3
Additional quantitative data, rating the relative importance of each attribute in different contexts, which are not reported here.	0
This information can be used for benchmarking the academic productivity of faculty and programs and as an adjunct in promotion/tenure decisions.	5
For each journal included in the analysis, each issue within each year was manually screened for the period from 2000 to 2013.	3
In conclusion, our study showed that there are a number of issues related to communication practices that might have a significant impact on the peer-review process and its outcomes.	5
The research undertaken during this study has demonstrated that the question of how scholarly communication can be improved through the role of the institutional repository and green open access is still open.	5
In order to perform log-transformation, first all books with or without respective metric counts were added one unit (c+1), and then natural logarithm was performed on them.	3
The purpose of this paper is to consider the economic perspective in open access publishing.	1
The metadata of these articles (authors, titles, abstracts, and so on) were retrieved from Web of Science, along with their cited references, that were used to generate maps of the intellectual layer (see below).	2
Taking the algorithms in natural language processing (NLP) as research objects, we sought to answer the following research questions:	1
The paper is divided as follows: section §2 briefly comments on the methodological perspective taken for undertaking the research process.	0
The Cuban scientific output in Cuban and foreign indexed academic journals was analyzed.	1
A literature search was performed using PubMed and Scopus databases to locate journal articles authored by faculty at our school of nursing.	2
This study draws upon two streams of literature to set the foundation for our analysis of technology link- ages and regional competencies in the nanotechnol- ogy field, namely systems of innovation and techno- economic network theories.	3
Joshua Guetzkow acknowledges the support of the Princeton Society of Woodrow Wilson Fellows for a graduate research fellowship.	0
Due to this, this study presents a general analysis of IJUFKS publications using bibliometric methods.	1
The first example is a survey-based study whose main aim was to establish the role of metrics in peer assessment (Langfeldt, Reymert and Aksnes 2021).	2
Received 15 May 2019; received in revised form 24 July 2019; accepted 22 February 2020	0
Analyses revealed the mean h-index value for SSWR fellows (M = 26.44, SD = 14.72) was substantially lower than the mean for AASWSW fellows (M = 32.52, SD = 15.96), but minimal differences existed in m-index values.	4
Second, our analysis employs non-conventional model and techniques including a weighted network model for representing collaboration strength, rank aggregation for detecting important nodes, and Random Walk with Restart (RWR) for suggesting new research collaborations.	3
Brazil was the country with more articles (60.7%) and Oswaldo Cruz Foundation (FIOCRUZ) had 18% of Brazilian production, which is the South American nucleus of the major scientific network in Leishmaniasis.	4
The cosine between two vectors (Salton and McGill, 1983) is used to measure the similarity between the distributions of various journals included in a citation network (Leydesdorff, 2007).	3
H1) The most productive female scholars have higher view values (Matilda Effect 1) in: (a) the pooled sample and (b) each of the 11 countries under analysis;	1
The similarity between an author's set of reasons and a reader's set of reasons was then computed using the Dice coefficient, a simple association coefficient.	3
From 779 MRCs which are active in different fields of medical and health sciences, about 80 canters (10.3%) research on specific field of women health or gender related problems.	4
The majority of publications originate from roughly 20% of participating countries as shown in Figure 3 and Table 4.	4
Indian repositories, both academic and R&D, have failed to adequately archive GL, except for the theses document type.	5
The model potentially paves a geometric way to understand some aspects of citation networks, e.g.	5
The average response rate is 17.1 % (see “Appendix 2” for response rate for each subject/field).	4
A total of 1415 articles and reviews published between 1991 and 2012 were extracted from the Thomson Reuters Web of Science database.	2
The Conclusions section offers some concluding comments and suggestions for future work.	0
We aim to develop a methodology supporting to find emerging leading papers with a bibliometric approach.	1
First, we constructed a 2-mode matrix of the 654 classes-aggregates of the 5M+ citing patents-versus the 7M+ cited patents.	3
To what extent do academics use the content of an IR?	1
This quantitative study applied two existing librarian-created evaluation tools to forty-eight library science journals to determine their quality and credibility.	2
Our results suggest that structural commitment to IDR does indeed produce some of its intended effects.	4
The initial dataset (Dataset I) contained information about the recipients of Greek state scholarships funded by 2014–2020 National Strategic Reference Framework as part of the "Tertiary Education Initiatives”.	2
The final ENRICH list consisted of these top 250 ranked chemicals and represented a prioritized and experimentally feasible list of chemicals for ongoing studies with high relevance to neuroactivity screening and future biomonitoring efforts (Table A.4).	4
Articles were grouped based on whether they were published as OA or non-OA.	3
The purpose of this article is to investigate collaboration in project management research.	1
We filtered the list for radiology journals for the years from 2011 to 2017.	2
According to the results, the concept of Zipf's law was the most frequently cited concept, not the PLE, which is the focus of HBPLE.	5
More citations were earned by the smallest subfields of Political Theory and Methodology rather than the largest subfield of American Politics.	4
The majority (69%) of publications utilized a watermark on the original article to indicate that the article was retracted.	4
For example, in the scheme of the Web of Science, scientific literature is attributed to fields through the assignment of journals (or now of parts of journals) to ca.	2
The automatic citation sentence classification achieved at least a 90% success rate for all citation classes, which proved that using computational linguistics to evaluate citation contexts developing new techniques was possible and gave more detailed results.	4
In addition, they both worked with the campus education librarian and a professor in math education to deliver a seminar to masters and doctoral students in the School of Education on visibility for emerging scholars.	0
On 2 February 2016, Scopus was queried for all articles indexed in these fields with a publication year of 2016.	2
For each article, the total number of social media postings was determined using Twitter, as well as the number of tweets, number of retweets, number of tweets from an official outlet, and number of tweets from an author.	3
Awardees were predominantly White males, although a larger portion of the mentored awardee group was female.	4
Australia emerged as the top ranked country with 3.28 articles published in ORL-HNS, per surgeon, over the 10-year period.	4
In total, 37 neurosurgical departments were found in the United Kingdom and Ireland: 28 units within England, 1 in Wales, and 4 in Scotland.	4
Regarding the benefits of publishing in OA for researchers (RQ3), the results show that gold OA is negatively related to citation count.	5
h-indices derived from WoS and GS were correlated using Spearman's rank correlation coefficient.	3
In Table 2, we provided a step-by-step and transparent overview of the present research steps.	0
Our research also finds that two-thirds (66%) of China's nanotech patents are from the academic sector, while only a sixth are corporate (and roughly another sixth are from government).	4
In that 35 year period 92 articles were retracted.	2
27%), review (n = 10, 4.62%) and book review (n = 7,3.24%), and others like editorial reviews and proceeding paper were less than 5.	2
To answer these questions, we perform two related tasks.	3
Defined errors are entered into data collections in order to test their influence on the reliability of multivariate rankings.	1
In the traditional document co-citation network, the most popular module is the information retrieval system (17.84%).	4
RQ2: To what extent do scholars use traditional metrics and altmetrics for research evaluation?	1
Data used in this study are collected from public websites, mostly the official websites of the colleges that host the discipline of environmental science and engineering.	2
2015; Phillips 2011; Smith 2006; Lush 2006; Eaton and Anthony 2000).	5
The two connectivity measures are derived from two-mode networks (i.e., bipartite networks) created from our research publications database.	3
Overall, our findings suggest that the quality of peer review remains the primary consideration for reviewers when evaluating submissions.	5
The authors suggest that in order to truly be engaged in RG as a community, there is a need to engage in all aspects of the platform, and particularly in the networking features that are underutilized, and while some of these features are relatively small and perhaps seem benign, these actions indicate a desire for connection to other members, and it is through these small efforts to connect that integration into a community may incrementally occur.	5
The main objective of this article is to propose a new Metric, ALIS, a descriptor of lineage-independent influence of any researcher.	1
It can therefore be concluded that an ethical assessment of the universities is the missing dimension of the present ranking systems.	5
The main goal of this study is to determine whether for Ibero-American psychology journals the publication of monographic special issues is more beneficial -this being measured by the number of citations received by the published papers in different databases- versus non-monographic issues of the same journals.	1
Of these, the citations-per-paper metric shows the strongest association with DB reviewing (mean SB: 34.23, DB: 45.5; t = ?6.593, p < 10?9).	4
If an article written in a foreign language was chosen, it was discarded and another random number was generated.	0
The data for this study are extracted from the Web of Science (WoS) provided by the ISI of Thomson-Reuters.	2
H-index and Impact Factor have been adapted for the obtained water publications analysed.	3
ANOVA analysis was used to compare the number of papers published by scholars from the four regions.	3
Our analysis shows that the number of disciplines cited in BMB grows from 1 to 93 (spanning 12 NSF main classes) over the one hundred year period under study.	4
The current data clearly sets an upper boundary for fractional nuclear physics contributions at 4–5 publications/year; the lower boundary is defined by the ATLAS and CMS collaborations paper (Aad et al.	4
Here, we aim to determine whether it is feasible for a variety of research groups to use Google Scholar profiles to track their scholarly output.	1
Over 3 months in 2012, we received responses from 2,738 academics who were anonymous members of those universities that disseminated the questionnaire.	2
Finally, 22/100 articles reported studies sponsored by a scientific society.	4
0.55), due to reviewers of papers from China often agreeing that papers should be rejected or require major revision.	4
Overall, CIBER obtained better results than the whole country, reaching remarkable values of impact and having a greater level of collaboration, mainly with a relevant national implication.	5
Institutions should insist that their scientists and faculty members opt for publications in peer-reviewed open access journals.	5
Using the notion of coordination approaches as a heuristic tool, we characterise each policy in terms of the coordinating actor, the system addressed, the activities that are coordinated, the specific interventions taken, and the types of relationships affected.	3
Topic Clusters (collection of documents with a common focused intellectual interest), their prominence (which indicates momentum and visibility of the topic due to very recent citations, views and CiteScore) and their frequencies were collected from SciVal? from 2014 to 2019 by knowledge area, i.e., the analysis is focused on the current trend.	2
The result of the search for articles on TE and otorhinolaryngology retrieved 343 documents.	2
Figure 1 shows trends in the mean values of interdisciplinary indicators.	4
Secondly, funding, international collaboration, and open access are positively associated with all three metrics, except for the case of funding on the usage metrics of conference papers.	4
Journal discipline was significantly associated with the level of evidence.	4
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Is the relation between productivity (number of publications) and quality (number of high impact papers) different for women than for men?	1
The authors are grateful to the suggestions of a number of anonymous referees.	0
Of particular significance is the integration of systems to manage research information with the services provided by the repository.	4
This work was supported by the Consellería de Educación, Investigación, Cultura y Deporte, Generalitat Valenciana (BEST 2016/153).	0
The opinions expressed in the present article are the sole responsibility of the authors; they do not reflect the official positions of the National Academy of Sciences, the National Research Council, or the committee.	0
In addition, we studied the development in the number of publications on maternal mortality over time.	1
Consistent with previous studies, we find that short-run citation counts measured through the year following publication are a better predictor of long-run citations than JIF and journal ranking scores combined.	5
The variables, except for the binary variables denoting academic disciplines, are natural logarithms.	3
Citation databases (information systems) Scopus, Web of Science (WOS) and Google Scholars are employed.	2
Three pdf files were downloaded from this site in January 2022.	2
The author wishes to thank all the participants in this research and the anonymous reviewers for their insightful and constructive comments on previous versions of this paper.	0
In this study, we used the Linguistic Inquiry and Word Count (LIWC) 2015 software (Pennebaker, Boyd, Jordan, & Blackburn, 2015), which includes 92 language categories composed of>6,400 words and word stems.	3
All data management and analyses were performed using R software packages (R 3.6.1, 2019, R Foundation for Statistical Computing</ORGANIZATION>, Vienna, Austria)	3
At the specific level, the categorization of arguments for counting methods can help researchers describe and discuss their choices of counting methods and help users of studies with publication and citation indicators assess and use the studies.	5
The current study showed inadequate international research collaboration in this field.	5
Notably, the proportion of Chinese universities in this elite group has escalated from 11.5% in 2017 to 20.2% in 2023 (see Fig.	4
For analytic philosophy, we considered all the research articles published in five prestigious analytic philosophy journals (Philosophical Review, Journal of Philosophy, Mind, No?s, and Philosophy and Phenomenological Research) between 2005 and 2019, resulting in a population of 2,073 publications.	2
In conclusion, whatever the counting methods, it is better to take countries and research fields into consideration when allocating authorship to a paper.	5
In this study, a model based on multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) methods is proposed to evaluate the research performance of universities.	1
A total of 147 researchers and stakeholders participated in the study.	2
This finding shows that the technological time lag is becoming shorter than the sleeping time.	4
The authors are grateful to Dr Leopoldo de Meis by his comments and review of the manuscript.	0
For more details of the measurement, please refer to Table 2.	0
To study the gender gap in Canadian professors' research production, we conducted descriptive analyses, correlation analyses and multiple linear regression analyses using IBM SPSS? (version 26).	3
Specifically, this method quantifies the similarity between two author mentions using rule-based scoring and clustering.	3
The obsession to find quantitative and algorithmic methods to evaluate scientific productivity hides an intellectual cowardice, i.e.	5
The effect of knowledge-exporting country's policy persists for nearly 10 years.	4
The main objective of this study is to find out the underlying reasons and/or factors that influence collaboration, a situation that may explain the quantitative results (e.g.	1
The socioeconomic experiment shows that sparse and not well-formed language models do not result in the same assurance of reliability in tagging, hence the relatively poor precision and recall of the socioeconomic objective data.	5
In this article, we propose a model-free approach for estimating citation ageing functions which combines quantile regression with a non-parametric specification able to capture citation inflation.	1
The survey was sent to an institutional listserv, inviting researchers to participate in the study: 25 respondents, representing 26% of the total research scientists' population at these four CSIR sites, participated in the survey (see Table 1.).	2
However, scientists' disciplinary knowledge diversity has a more nuanced association with their number of interdisciplinary publications, contributing more when moderate than when high or low.	4
The response time of this limit applied to the entire PubMed corpus was less than two seconds.	4
Academic productivity (median H-index of each group) was significantly different across institutions (p < 0.001).	4
This study also reveals that funding acknowledgments data is a valuable starting point to understand funding structures and funding mechanisms.	5
Thus, do-it-yourself (DIY) citation analysis can be more precise in identifying a core or specific collection.	0
Every m rounds of repetitions, resources were redistributed proportionally to the scientists' publication record.	3
These two networks is separated from each other, we expect to establish the linkages from the scientific network to the technological network through author-inventors.	0
If it is difficult in the first place to determine what is in fact ‘national research’, then it is obviously also difficult to measure and compare such an entity with other countries in a meaningful manner.	5
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Basically, the observed proportions of references with multiple mentions in the same section are significantly higher than expected.	4
The constant a is a property of the collection of periodicals called the Bradford multiplier.	0
The overall aim of this study was to determine differences between WoS, Scopus, and PubMed databases in terms of the accessibility, scope, and volume of funding information for indexed articles.	1
Therefore, we developed Ontology: CORES for modeling domain of research papers similarity.	3
Therefore, in this case, the problems concern relevance and significance of the research itself.	0
A practical consequence of the model in Eq.	4
Nevertheless, low-impact authors, no matter which group they belong, are found to have more co-authors per article, suggesting a point where too many co-authors ceases to be beneficial.	4
The obtained results illustrate that the proposed system performed well in terms of qualitative results (i.e.	5
Original SJR covers a total of 18,891 journals that were then decreased to 13,716 in the new system because of the combination of citation-based measures used in the two-phase clustering applied.	4
Thus, we organize what we call Constructed Study Sections (CSSs; see Methods) to gain access into what both Chubin and Hackett (1990) and Lamont (2009) refer to as the ‘black box’ of peer review.	0
To estimate the model results, we employed the FMOLS (Fully Modified Ordinary Least Squares) and CCR (Canonical Cointegrating Regression) regressions, selected due to the specific properties of the dataset.	3
Publishing entities were then categorized as commercial publishers, university publishers, or professional society publishers.	3
Multiple linear regression models were constructed to determine the relationship between productivity and the aforementioned variables.	3
The degree of a node is defined as the number of its neighbours.	0
In many universities, libraries play a central role in the implementation of these systems.	1
Received: 27 July 2016; Accepted: 17 October 2016; Published: 23 October 2016	0
Finance and Accounting, ESC Rennes, 2 rue Robert d'Arbrissel CS 76522, Rennes Cedex F-35065, France.	0
We undertook a bibliometric analysis to identify the top 100 citation classics in OBGYN that were published across all journals.	1
In the same way, this accounting of the number of publications and of female teachers will affect the number of female authors by broad discipline areas.	0
This study describes the bibliographic characteristics and impact of those publications with the highest TF score.	1
These 12 dissimilarity measures shown in Table 4 are commonly used measures belonging to different families according to Cha, (2007).	3
For deposit rate, which was not normally distributed (Figure 2), we used permutation tests.	3
The stratification, transition and recent changes of the citation curve can be used as a basis for analysing and assessing the ERTs' breakthrough potential.	5
1 was estimated with dummies for the first and last rank.	3
A co-word analysis approach aiding in visualization of the intellectual map of IS is applied through application of clustering analysis, network maps, strategic diagram techniques, and graph theory for a collection of 47,467 keywords from 9551 articles, published in 10 major IS journals and the proceedings of two leading IS conferences over a span of 20 years, 1993 through 2012.	3
The consolidation of burns research into dedicated journals demonstrates the acceptance of this sub-specialty within the realm of burns research.	5
To achieve these objectives, we first established a set of features that comprises static features (e.g., article length, the number of keywords, the number of authors, abstract length, and the number of references) and time-dependent citation features (e.g., the first-citation speed, citations in the first year, citations in the first two years, fluctuation of annual citations, the number of citation peaks, the interval between citation peaks, the time between the first citation peak and publication year, and the time between the highest citation peak and publication year).	3
The average symmetry monotonically decreases when the number of authors goes from nA = 1 to nA = 10.	4
The following was the study's first hypothesis: “high research performance authors publish higher percentage of international collaborative papers than other authors do.”	0
Protected by copyright, including for uses related to text and data mining, Al training, and similar technologies.	0
Hierarchical clustering with Ward's agglomeration method was used to create a hard clustering of all the journals.	3
The goal of our study is to undertake the first systematic analysis of empirical regularities in bibliometric distribution patterns in the OB and HRM academic discipline.	1
We utilize the Web of Science dataset, analyzing papers published between 1960 and 2014 inclusive.	2
Using the American Physical Society (APS) publications data sets, we ask in this paper how new knowledge is built upon old knowledge.	1
We extract reference lists of citing papers using Scopus.	2
Data sharing statement All additional data were attached in this system.	0
We downloaded the information contained in the fields for institutional affiliation (field C1 in the WoS) and corresponding author (field RP), identifying the countries and geographic regions mentioned in the specified fields.	2
To establish a mostly complete record for the period from 1989 to 2016, we supplemented the data from Thomson Reuters and Scimago with hand-collected data from Journal Citation Reports for social science journals stored in German university archives.	2
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted reuse, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The regression equation is a mathematical formula that can be used to predict the outcome—in this case downloads—based on the predictor variables.	0
To address these issues, we take as our case the ORNL/NSD in Tennessee (United States), hosting the world's most important facilities for neutron scattering.	1
We identify 7 SBs published between 1965 and 1985, and awakened between 1993 and 2010.	4
To assess the scientometrics of three high-impact factor periodontal journals and identify the contribution of India in these most productive journals over three years (Jan 2018 - Dec 2020) and to know the most influential topics researched.	1
The correlation between the research priorities of HICs and the patterns of diseases relatively overstudied in India (cancers and neurological diseases, but also malaria and HIV/AIDS) suggests three main drivers: (i) market demand, (ii) scientific reputation of topics aligned with the health needs of HICs, and (iii) funding availability for global health.	5
These relationships are based on the bibliometric connections (or connections based on citations) between the published research.	1
Dendrogram of LIS journals based on article title terms similarity index.	0
Cutbacks in so-called recurrent budgets (stabilised and renewed each year by the State) have led to a shift towards project-based research and towards dispersed funding sources meaning that researchers must spend a large share of their time preparing proposals.	4
Thus, the final sample consisted of 127 reviewers.	2
In conclusion, this study serves as a novel database integration approach to prioritize environmentally relevant chemicals for further evaluation in relation to neurodevelopmental outcomes, while also incorporating considerations of chemical TK.	5
With respect to the latter, respondents generally agreed (15/27) that participation in the preprint group has improved their academic career, and overwhelmingly (24/27) indicated their work with the group aided their awareness of their research area.	4
This study has reported three major findings updating current knowledge of the gender citation gap: women accumulate fewer citations than men in science.	5
The most interesting tag for altmetrics research is "good for teaching".	5
In this paper, we implement a multi-bibliometric methodology for the evaluation of such a list of journal grades.	1
During the study period, there was 45% initial agreement between reviewers for FAI when assessing the same manuscript.	5
(Received 6 November 2009; revised manuscript received 23 February 2010; published 24 March 2010)	0
The overall network density in 1999–2020 was 0.147, which is a relatively low level.	4
Thus, amongst the 69 journals listed in SCImago's subject category of "Paleontology" for 2012 (http://www.scimagojr.com/journalrank.php?category=1911 &area=1900&year=2012&country=&order=sjr&min=0&min_ type=cd), the Revue de Micropaléontologie is ranked 12th.	4
* Bill Blanpied, Len Lederman, and Rachael Hollander of the National Science Foundation staff provided valuable comments on an earlier version of this paper.	0
The ratio of uncited papers in SE (43%) is slightly higher than those ratios in natural and social sciences (27 and 32%, respectively) and much lower than (about half of) the case in humanities (a staggering 82%).	4
Note that T2 list does not contain the number of coauthors; they have been extracted from the freely accessible Scopus database.	2
The article provides evidence that there is a low collaboration rate within-country as well cross-country among HEIs in Latin America.	4
CONCLUSIONS: Although impact factor remains decisive in choice of journal, French researchers do not publish to earn SIGAPS points, possibly because the financial value is not currently clearly allocated back to researchers.	5
We examined original3 grant proposals submitted to the U.S.	2
In our opinion, this independence of the diagonal values is a very desirable property of a measure of quality or impact.	5
We randomly selected six teams from three NSF environmental science funding programs, and interviewed two individuals from each team - a project principal investigator (PI) and an early career (EC) member (e.g., graduate student, post-doc, or assistant professor).	2
Table 3 The meaning of the bid values within the bid matrix, B	0
The top 20 countries by volume of international co-authorship are shown in Fig.	0
This suggests that publication numbers in a research topic could sometimes give rise to false positives concerning its importance.	5
The authors thank Adrienne Eaton for helpful comments on an earlier draft of this paper.	0
The main aim of this study is to determine the sub-fields of the LIS field, reveal the potentials of these fields and make predictions of each sub-field.	1
Of the total 241 Indian health and medical science journals indexed in Scopus, 79 OA and 61 non-OA journals were selected for the study.	2
Comparisons were made using t test of linear regression coefficients and 2-sample test of proportions.	3
The inference that can be drawn from the average delay of detection is that FV gradient could detect most of the pivots with in 2.68 years after its publication.	4
Third, we found that the tenure track system is more likely to reduce the number of high-quality publications in science compared with engineering.	5
Readers can use this research as a reference for future journal submissions based on the study results.	5
It is concluded that this population is failing in this information competence and that there is a digital divide that needs to be bridged as a matter of urgency.	5
Our results suggest that readers whose ability to evaluate preprints is constrained may rely on alternative signals of preprint quality – for example stereotypes, or news or social media mentions to curate their attention to preprints.	5
Main journals of the French Geriatrics teams' publications, in descending order	0
We do not disagree with Wagner's (2008), Wagner and Leydesdorff (2005) concept of international research collaboration as a common phenomenon but we do not see the self-organizing network in these data.	5
The fact that we focused on the titles rather than on the full text of the articles seems a limitation of the findings.	5
Each of the 139 promotional words has an average of 13 neutral synonyms.	0
The name of the journal was changed to Turkish Journal of Hematology in 1995.	4
The distribution of acknowledgments in the CiteSeer document collection follows a power law with the exponent -0.65.	0
2008), that consists of: the source PDF files corresponding to 10,921 articles from the February 2007 snapshot of the Anthology, automatically extracted text for all these articles, 13,551 files with metadata described in the metadata/anthology-XML tree, consisting of BibTeX records derived either from the headers of each paper or from metadata taken from the Anthology website.	2
We also show that: (1) the number of direct citation counts is of low predictive power, with even a negative impact on prediction performance; (2) disciplinary differences exist in knowledge structure, and this should be taken into account; (3) breakthrough characteristics are most prominent in the first layer of citing networks; (4) timing is critical, and 2- to 3-year-old citing networks have greater predictive power.	4
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-Non Commercial-No Derivatives License 4.0 (CCBY-NC-ND), where it is permissible to download and share the work provided it is properly cited.	0
A total of 4166 paper metadata were collected from IEEE Transactions on Information Forensics and Security, 2944 from IEEE Security & Privacy and 5264 from IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy in November 2022.	2
Table 2 Top ten most internationally collaborative countries/ territories during 1992–2011	0
The quality of peer environments both near and far is an additional factor that influences mobility decisions.	4
As a measure of exploratory training, I drew on the distance of research topics between students' dissertation projects and supervisors' past projects.	3
The five horizontal lines in each box represent the maximum, third quartile, median, first quartile and minimum amount of citations.	0
In order to answer this question, we hand-collect a sample of all academics who pass through economics or finance departments at top 50 US schools from 1996 through 2014.	1
The keywords selected, as most representative for this research, were “Covid” and “Covid-19” to cover both English-language literature and literature published in other languages.	2
Like with file loading, the Proportional Symbol Map data is better fit by a quadratic model (R2 of 0.997 as opposed to 0.9834 for a linear fit).	4
Replicating all aspects of the NIH peer-review process, we examined 43 individual reviewers' ratings and written critiques of the same group of 25 NIH grant applications.	1
The world of technological solutions and the hyper connection is currently on solid ground, connecting people and finding solutions to studies developed in new democratic practices of bibliometrics and science in general.	5
Web ranking of universities in global webometrics ranking system is done on 4 criteria including Presence (the number of web pages in the university website), Openness (total number of Power Point, Word and PDF files available on the website of the university), Excel- lence (the quality papers of the university among the 10% most cited articles in SCImago website) and Impact (the number of links to the university website).	3
We estimate the dependent variables by using the negative binomial regression model.	3
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
We aimed to determine the prevalence of these spam invitations received by radiology trainees.	1
Upon examining fifteen high novel and high conventional journal pairs, the results indicate that high novel pairs tend to amalgamate diverse specific and fundamental research, whereas high conventional pairs concentrate on similar and applied research, which sheds light on a portfolio structure conducive to fostering knowledge innovation.	5
Received: 24 July 2021 Revised: 8 April 2022 Accepted: 12 April 2022	0
In exploring these issues, we pursue the two following research questions: 1.	1
Objective To develop a tool to assess the quality of peer-review reports in biomedical research.	1
Impact profile: percentage of IBCCF's impact factor relative to Brazil average 1981-1995.	0
Acknowledgments The authors would like to thank Wouter Jeuris and Mehmet Ali Abdulhayoglu, colleagues at ECOOM of KU Leuven for their assistance in preparing the data.	0
5 The astute reader observes that this definition is different from the "Kullback–Leibler divergence" measure [22]; the present one is closer to a thermodynamic interpretation.	0
We next divided scientists into 12 groups according to the median number of authors in their body of publications.	3
When all disciplines are pooled, the share of publications in SIGAPS A, B and C categories increased by 10% from 2008 to 2017.	4
Level 2 gives {3.0, 8.0} for a journal article or a monograph.	2
Journals classed as "analytical" have much higher percentages of articles with these letters.	4
This study focuses on the factors that encouraged engagement in research activities, as well as the barriers that restricted their involvement, until the final year of study at Iuliu Hatieganu University of Medicine and Pharmacy Cluj-Napoca, Faculty of Medicine.	1
In this article, we propose the institution Q model (IQ) and its two variants (IQ-2 and IQ-3), which aim to evaluate the individual-level research ability to publish high-quality scientific papers.	1
Structural holes control for certain organizational rewards and individual attributes but are not directly linked to interdisciplinarity.	4
Our findings indicate that the introduction of a new funding policy improved the journal impact factors of papers.	5
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interests with respect to the authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
B n) and C = (C1, C2, ...	3
The journal/editor gets a strong and scientifically bonded author-reviewer force which takes the journal to newer heights, and ultimately benefits scientific advancement itself.	4
The results show that inbred academics do not change research subjects as often as outbred academics.	4
Possible solutions to increase efficiency and enhance value in these processes were identified.	5
From topic similarity, we construct a network of topics using the protocol specified in Section 2.4.	3
AJCM had the highest self-citation rate with 40%, followed by JE (18%) and JNM (11%), and the self-citation of the other five journals was below 10%.	4
In the central quartiles, the agreement fractions are very marginally above the value expected for a fully aleatory process (25%).	4
To triangulate the data gathered from these archives, we also conducted 14 semi-structured interviews with researchers linked to the Stapel case, either because they participated in the work or were members of the ad hoc committees (n=6), or because they were interrogated by these committees for having collaborated with Stapel (n=8).	2
This paper contributes to this question by investigating links between international mobility, research career stage progression and job changes.	1
Overall, both the full sample and subsample regression analyses that included all potential explanatory survey variables available in this study left the majority of the sex disparities in publication submissions within each program group unexplained.	5
degree from Business Administration Department at Bogazici University and her M.A.	0
Based on the identification framework of “beauty coefficient” (B) introduced by Ke et al.	3
Table 3 SJR Journals according to number of quartile rank indicators, n=24,978	0
Furthermore, the K-L divergence for the unconstrained model is generally twice as large as the K-L divergence for the constrained models, with ratios that range from 1.96 to 2.77 and are greater than 2.0 in eight out of nine cases.	4
The mean Altmetric scores were 3.7 ± 18, 4.1 ± 16 and 3.2 ± 14 for clinical trials, reviews and free full-text articles, respectively.	4
To find out whether there were dominant policy instruments and which policy instruments played such a role, principal component analysis is performed and the results are presented in Table 5 for the case of China and Table 6 for the case of Russia.	3
The same is true in cases of coauthorship: While the duration of a collaborative relationship and number of coauthored works may imply a degree of familiarity or intimacy, we can infer nothing about the actual nature of the ties that bind.	0
Documents were identified from a phrase search for an institution's name (as stated in the Times Higher Education) in the address field, and the records were restricted to those published between 2008 and 2013.	2
This paper proposes an open-science-aligned approach that uses library metadata to evaluate individual books.	1
Piyush Gupta, Block R-6-A, Dilshad Garden, Near Telephone Exchange, New Delhi 110095, India.	0
Citation data from 72 marine biology master's theses published between 2010 and 2015 were accessed, standardized, and ingested by a Python script into a PostgreSQL database for analysis.	2
This finding indicates that big data has had a growing influence in academic disciplines outside of computer sciences.	5
As such, the Goodreads book rating and reviewing system definitely belongs to the realm of altmetrics, where research is now continuing with an ever-expanding inventory of social media platforms.	5
This paper describes the search for literature related to GIT and technology sustainability in Scopus database.	1
Notably, we find that more productive/successful researchers are not more likely to see their projects succeed in the peer review process, indicating that the status of the applicants does not influence the selection process.	5
To determine whether postgraduate medical trainees are exposed to honorary authorship, whether they are aware of the topic and if they believe that further support and education concerning this issue is needed.	1
Let the representative subscriber have an increasing and twice-differentiable utility function v = v(q) where q is the quality of the articles published.	3
What keywords and specific research areas are prevalent in MRI publications from Arab countries?	1
Our methodology may aid department leaders by using the information from local analyses to identify opportunities to support faculty members to broaden and diversify their networks.	5
Overall, this suggests a lost citation rate of 14.6 percent: 640 missing citations / 4,398 HOA citations.	4
The item-oriented approach generally performs better according to PEV and DE than the DCC approaches and this can be attributed to the supposition that the item-oriented approach probably is less likely to create reference sets that mostly include the output of a few authors citing each other-isolated from the scientific communication that goes on in their field of study-and such small clusters might be unable to form reasonable reference values (Waltman and van Eck 2013a).	5
Drawing upon ethnographic fieldwork carried out in two UK-based epigenetics research laboratories, I examine the set of practices through which research groups intertwine knowledge production with the making of scientific, health, and wealth value.	1
The CART decision model was used to determine the relative importance of the classification attributes and identify the best predictive model.	3
A set of WoS data on a hard disk is also used.	2
The statistical analyses used to study potential between-area differences in the behavior of funding-related variables included contingency tables, and Kruskal-Wallis and MannWhitney tests for non-parametric variables (P < 0.05) (SPSS version 22).	3
The entire situation actually resembles a social dilemma in which people might reason: "If I still publish in impactful Elsevier journals and most other researchers/signatories stop publishing in these journals, it will be good for my résumé/career, while Elsevier will have to change its ways."	5
Comparison is done using the SPSS22 procedures non-parametric tests and Anova.	3
The first question was related to who has been the most active in policy engagement with science and research information sharing during the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly in terms of countries and organization types.	1
The coefficients concerning job characteristics show that working more than 40 hours per week increases productivity, whereas a teaching load of over 50% of working time decreases productivity.	4
We measure the degree of international and inter-regional collaboration by adapting the indicators of internationalization of Abramo et al.	3
The means of these data were 2.8 (SD = 1.2), 3.1 (SD = 0.9), and 3.0 (SD = 0.8) for the WoS Research Areas of Chemistry, Physics, and Biochemistry & Molecular Biology, respectively, to be compared to the US/European ratios for the annual frequency of Nobel Prizes in Chemistry, Physics, and Physiology or Medicine, which were 3.0 (SD = 1.5), 2.0 (SD = 1.0), and 2.0 (SD = 1.3), respectively.	4
The correlation coefficient between FD1 and FD2 is 0.888 with a strong positive correlation.	4
Six OSI_2.0 items come from the Lipkus/Peters Numeracy battery (Lipkus, Samsa, and Rimer 2001; Weller et al.	3
The 100 top-cited articles in gastric disease were compiled using Web of Science.	2
This study aims to examine publication rates of a mandatory research experience, identify factors associated with publication, and includes postgraduate research engagement.	1
Data were collected and analysed in SPSS version 25 (SPSS, IBM Corp, Armonk, NK, Chicago, IL), and analyses appropriate for nonparametric data were used.	3
in- and out-assortativities, which show the model provides a suitable tool to understand some aspects of citation networks by geometry.	4
It was found that nationalities and affiliations of AJTI authors are rapidly being diversified and globalized.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 52(1):74–79, 2001	0
This can indicate that publishing a higher number of documents does not always ascertain their utilization (Larivière and Costas, 2016).	5
aSearch conducted using first author’s name and the institution as search terms and examining the first five pages of results.	0
CiteSpace was used to visualize the perspective of the think tanks domain.	3
Machine-learning systems that can automatically identify topics and article types of papers would greatly benefit researchers who are searching for relevant coronavirus research.	5
A category-normalized citation impact (CNCI) was assigned to each set of publication in the InCites of Thomson Reuters.	3
(1) Are there differences in topic preferences for projects funded by different funds?	1
To answer the research questions, we collected a large set of bibliographic data, i.e.	2
For these 2,110 authors, we construct a dynamic collaboration network based on their coauthorship relationships in each year from 1980 to 2017 as a proxy for their social networks.	3
The largest effects of funding on research output are ripple effects on publications that do not include Pls.	5
This suggests transmission of mathematics knowledge would be less influenced by linguistic and cultural factors.	0
The country analysis highlights four leading regions in this research field: Western Europe (led by the UK, the Netherlands, Germany, and Spain), North America (led by the USA), Scandinavia (led by Sweden and Denmark), and Asia-Pacific (led by China and Australia).	4
There is ongoing interest in better integrating evidence at different stages of the policy making process.	0
For researchers, radio has hardly interested the academia, profession or public authorities, which has had a further negative impact on its status in Communication research.	5
Article-level metadata were gathered from 98,000 PubMed article records categorized with the term breast neoplasm, a topic offering longevity and relevance across biomedical subdisciplines, and yielding a relatively large sample size.	2
It has a poor presence in life and medical sciences, an even poorer participation in earth and environmental sciences, and has no institution which can be counted globally in seven areas: arts and humanities, business, management and accounting, health professions, neuroscience, nursing, psychology and social science.	5
However, the MDG/SDG which has shown high research based intervention, collaborative approach, control strategies and a public interest studies continues to show increased as well as undulating case report of affected people with yet high death rate and highest percentage mortality reports traced to the V.	5
Section 5 includes a summary and a discussion of these findings for future research into the science of science.	0
the capacity of generating scientific knowledge also considering patenting (in- cluding entrepreneurial possibilities) and impact on policy making.	3
Our findings show that early-career scholars are much more likely to publish work that tries out new ideas than are late-career researchers.	4
Original articles, case reports or series, and reviews were included in our study.	2
Our query of the Scopus database yielded a total of 1,370 papers in health and related fields had received more than 1,000 citations between January 2006 and February 2018.	4
The classification scheme and associated language models for socioeconomic tags were built from two widely accepted classifications of socioeconomic objectives of research—the Nomenclature for Analysis and Comparison of Scientific Programmes and Budgets (NABS) developed by the European Commission; and the Australia-New Zealand Standard Research Classification (ANZSRC) categories of socioeconomic objectives.	2
Regardless of the different contexts, radio is a minority research line, even within those themes of larger projection in Ibero-American Communication research.	5
tenzing is a web app and associated R package that allows researchers to record contributorship information</PROBLEM_OR_APPLICATION> at any time, for eventual provision to a journal.	3
The result of the Mann-Whitney Test discovered a significant difference between the two groups in terms of their mean impacts (citation per paper), favoring the web-present one.	5
The preceding trio of analyses find the following: The scientists most responsive to RFAs are already operating relatively close to the topics that are targeted.	5
Different from previous studies, this paper applies multiple models to predict the citation counts of papers in the next couple of years, and each model fits a special research area and early citation history of the paper in question.	5
This eigenvector of the PN matrix, for unit eigenvalue, is independent of the diagonal terms (a, e and i) of the original P matrix.	4
For evaluation we have used the February 2007 release of ACL Anthology Reference Corpus (ACL ARC) (Bird et al.	2
The permitted length of the statement varied according to the number of staff in a UoA, from 8,000 (for a submission comprising 1–19.99 FTE) to 12,000 words (plus 800 further words per additional 20 FTE).	0
The study of this vector will be the main topic of this article.	0
A separate analysis of funding as an outcome related to previous PSWE data was also done, using funding as mean of the three years following the year after the PSWE data (2010–2012, 2012–2014).	3
For each program, we categorized faculty members by academic tenure—assistant professor, associate professor, professor, or chairperson—according to information listed on each program's website or affiliated medical school website, as in the previous studies (Lee et al.	2
RQ3: To analyze the relationship between traditional and altmetric citations and establish what new information can be offered in the ecosystem of Communication studies journals.	1
For the web-based survey and CV data, descriptive statistics, including frequencies, percentages, means, and standard deviations, were calculated to summarize subject characteristics and outcomes by grant receipt status (funded versus unfunded).	3
On the contrary, more than 90% of the research output from India is available for free download in Sci-Hub.	4
The median [interquartile range] number of first-authorship publications per year decreased (0.50 [0.00–1.00] vs 0.64 [0.32–1.22], P < .05), whereas the median [interquartile range] number of co-authorship (4.23 [1.98–9.70] vs 2.02 [1.02–3.95], P < .0005) and senior-authorship (1.87 [0.99–4.03] vs 1.00 [0.36–2.24], P < .0005) publications per year increased post-promotion.	4
More specifically, we look at developments in overall funding, changes in the share of competitive funding, and changes in the share of total public research funding allocated to the universities and relate these factors to developments in both the volume of publications and the citation impact.	1
The second, and novel, metric used in this study is the Herfindahl-Hirschman Index (HHI), which is considered as an index of keyword concentration since it measures the size of each keyword relative to the size of the entire set of keywords selected by authors in a journal.	3
Following the educational lecture, an online, self-administered questionnaire was completed by participants.	2
The results confirm that articles can have substantial numbers of Mendeley readers when they first appear in Scopus (Thelwall, 2017b) and there is no need to wait for the end of the publication year to check this (Maflahi & Thelwall, 2016).	5
The second laboratory studied, which I call “Twinomics,” carries out genetics research on twins based on a large database of clinical and research data.	2
Recent developments in experimental nuclear physics authorship defy the traditional rules of individual performance assessment for nuclear scientists.	5
For CRediT, tenzing outputs a brief report in the form of a list indicating which contributor did what (Fig 4).	4
To evaluate the output of scientific publications in obstetrics and gynecology journals from Mainland China and six other countries, to compare the difference of research situation between Mainland China and the developed countries in order to measure the trend of number of publication in the field of Obstetrics and Gynecology.	1
Our goal in this article is to develop a systematic understanding of researchers' adoption of and attitudes toward preprinting.	1
The code to recreate the analysis, along with the network data will be made publicly available.	0
In conclusion, among radiological journals in 2014, certain advanced subspecialty topics were associated with a relatively high IF.	5
The findings show that most Australian universities are performing above the world average in educational research.	4
Meanwhile, our findings are helpful for researchers, the public and policymakers to gain knowledge on research(ers) evolution, particularly in terms of primordial collaboration patterns.	5
A total of 63% of these K-awarded investigators transitioned to an independent NIH award mechanism.	4
The results revealed four potential incentives that were perceived by the researchers.	4
This study intends to investigate the issue of inadequate and omitted citations in manuscripts and associated factors by addressing the following questions:	1
To coincide with the evolution of modern aesthetic surgery practice, the search was conducted from 1970 to 2013 inclusive.	2
We selected from the webpage of the ABC the names of the titular members alive of each field of science covered by the Academy.	2
The findings of this study show that scientometric indicators are adopted as 'global standards' (Paradeise, 2016; Paradeise & Thoenig, 2013) by research managers in MENA.	4
The considerable stability in the patterns of citation should be noted.	0
Petersburg, Novosibirsk, Ekaterinburg, and Birobidzhan, as well as from 10 US states – Arizona, Colorado, Indiana, Massachusetts (3), Missouri, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania (2), Tennessee, and Washington.	2
studied an exotic type of magnetism in an array of pancake-shaped atomic clouds of 87Sr.	2
It is identified that publications in the field had an explosion since 2012 due to the maturity of nucleic acid sequencing technologies and the high availability of this information in public databases.	4
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):?-?, 2015	0
It encompasses 128 journals, stratified into three risk levels: low, medium, and high (Early Warning Journal List, 2020).	2
The text mining approach complemented our insights from the keywords by segmenting the extant literature into topics related to merchandising in general, the technological dimension, product packaging and development, the food and health industries (where merchandising is most developed) and consumer behavior analysis.	5
Accordingly, we in this paper attempt to examine the structural properties and evolutionary patterns of interdisciplinary co-authorship networks by studying an actual case.	1
Extraction and classification of the acknowledged entities was performed using the Flair-NLP framework (Akbik et al., 2019).	3
At the macro level, our results show similarities in the scientific positioning of both IDR centers, which translate into differences in the nature, intensity and drivers of their knowledge interconnections at the meso-level.	4
To detect trending topics related to COVID-19 VE, a co-occurrence analysis was performed on authors’ keywords, considering only those that appeared at least ten times in publications.	3
Search filter terms included: facial plastic surgery, aesthetic surgery, cosmetic surgery, facial aesthetics, blepharoplasty, rhinoplasty, septoplasty, septorhinoplasty, nasal reconstruction, rhytidectomy, otoplasty, microtia, facelift, browlift, facial reconstruction, and facial reanimation.	2
To give a more instructive form to the WD, the bibliometric analysis of Eq.	0
The combined master journal list of Web of Science had 13,610 entries, each of which comprised of following fields: journal title, ISSN, e-ISSN, Publisher name, Publisher address, Languages, and Web of Science Categories.	2
An examination on records in Ulrich's Web reveals such a growth from 1996 onwards for the category of “journal” only.	2
To assess research productivity of individual professors we do not limit ourselves to a simple count of their indexed publications, but we consider their outcome, meaning the impact of each authored publication, over the five-year period observed.	3
2023 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of The Japanese Association for Dental Science.	0
This set of data is available on the website of Sidney Redner and also described in the papers of Redner (1998) and Peterson, Pressè, and Dill (2010).	2
Further, parameter stability tests indicate that there were structural shifts in the relationship, and hence, we cannot entirely rely on full-sample results.	4
This table shows that the journals published by Nature and by Elsevier, which have the largest publisher effect, also have much higher ratios of total to PDF downloads than the journals published by Springer, IEEE, Wiley, and Taylor & Francis.	4
The potential consequences of this disproportionate increase include health science education, biomedical research, and patient access disparities in large parts of the country.	5
This is an open access journal, and articles are distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 License, which allows others to remix, tweak, and build upon the work non-commercially, as long as appropriate credit is given and the new creations are licensed under the identical terms.	0
This result is a key finding because it indicates that the methodology used in international rankings (at least, in the ARWU) is also valid for assessing the quality of the Spanish higher education system.	5
This paper was written while the author was a visiting professor at IMEDE in Lausanne, Switzerland.	0
In order to take into account the specificities of the publication pattern of researchers in education sciences, bibliometric data are used as benchmarks.	1
In this paper, we set out to explore these questions by analysing the Google Scholar profiles of 1713 IS researchers from all over the world.	1
The purpose of this paper is to analyze the bibliography citations from dissertations submitted to the Department of Spanish and Portuguese at Rutgers University from the ten-year period of 2003-2012.	1
We searched for each journal by entering its title in Google's search engine, and then we entered its home page to collect information about when the journal was established, its publication cycle, its model of OA, its region, its discipline, the time between an issue's publication and the posting of the online version, the number of issues that have been made OA, and length of time the journal has had an OA policy.	3
This is because the Table 1 only includes articles indexed in a platform, whereas Tables 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 include articles in one or the other provider that have an altmetric event.	0
(Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.)	0
The data were harvested from Chinese Social Sciences Citation Index (CSSCI).	2
Yang Ding: Conceived and designed the analysis, Collected the data, Contributed data or analysis tools, Performed the analysis, Wrote the paper.	0
Results show that the leading institutions and countries involve more inter-institutional and international collaborations.	4
We found that in-text re-citation counting that filters out (i.e., assigns zero weight to) uni-citations (i.e., presumably non-essential citations) is a more effective way to weigh citation in-text frequency than simply using their frequency as the weight to amplify multiple citations because there are many more uni-citations than multiple citations.	5
This study was partially supported by research grants and graduate scholarships from Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico-Brazil (CNPq) and Funda??o Carlos Chagas Filho de Amparo à Pesquisa do Estado do Rio de Janeiro-Brazil (FAPERJ).	0
Of 83 journal editors, 63% had their journals based in the US; 13% in Canada; 5% each in the UK and Australia; 4% each in the Netherlands and New Zealand; and 6% collectively in other countries, such as Croatia, India, and Italy.	2
The major bibliometric methods, including full counting, fractional counting, and, in particular, first/corresponding author full and fractional counting, were applied to represent the contribution and distribution of the research objects in this study.	3
BPR is the proportion of publications from an institution which belongs to the 10% most cited publications in their respective subject area and publication year.	3
In the next section, we outline the Hix method and report the findings for the six Irish institutions under consideration.	0
It provides a continuous score that reflects the contribution of one author as compared to the average contribution of all other authors.	4
The globalization of co-authorship relations at current levels—with almost 25% of the relevant papers internationally coauthored, but carrying almost 40% of the institutional addresses in the file can be expected to have changed (or reflect changes in) the structure of science and the dynamics of knowledge creation in the core set.	5
These limitations notwithstanding, publications in high-impact academic journals do provide a relevant perspective to the internationalisation of political science.	0
He noted that the manuscript was "messily written" and "lacked data."	0
Our main results and conclusions for hypothesis 1 are (a) that performance, defined as publication volume and relative excellence, during the doctoral education has a positive effect on the probability of attaining excellence in the early career, and (b) that there is an interaction between publication volume and relative excellence during doctoral education indicting that the effect of publication volume depends on whether a doctoral student have attained excellence or not.	5
The proposed journal-ranking model can be useful for researchers, journal editors, and organizations.	5
The experimental results using three different datasets and this approach demonstrate that the performance of our algorithm is significantly higher than the other algorithms for the formation of scientific collaboration.	4
Warfield (1974) introduced the basic approach of Interpretive Structural Modeling (Warfield 1974).	3
Using a compari- son with "like" data, we try to determine that cited reference analysis allows for a more meaningful analy- sis of bibliometric data than times-cited analysis.	1
This observation is evident in the multiple JCR subject categories that currently include “Information Science and Library Science” journals.2?	0
Este es un artículo de acceso abierto distribuido bajo los términos de la licencia de uso y distribución Creative Commons Reconocimiento 4.0 Internacional (CC BY 4.0).	0
Although these varied considerably between the disciplines, the main findings were that: (i) the lengths of the titles increased with the number of authors in almost all disciplines, (ii) the use of colons and question marks tended to decline with increasing author numbers—although there were a few disciplines, such as economics, where the reverse was evident, (iii) papers published later on in the 4-year period tended to have more authors than those published earlier, and (iv), in some disciplines, the numbers of subsequent citations to papers were higher when the titles were shorter and when they employed colons but lower when they used question marks.	4
For the academics, the production co-authored papers was determined by the presence of a PhD, academic age, the number of ongoing research projects, and the number of international projects.	4
The rate of immediate rejection without external review was significantly higher for papers from China (71%) than for papers from English-speaking countries (50%; χ2 = 57.2, df = 1, p < 0.001).	4
According to Journal Citation Reports (JCR), it indexes 8539 journals with citation references across 176 scientific disciplines in the science edition in 2013.	2
What factors do and/or are likely to foster effective research collaboration in South African LIS schools?	1
Corresponding authors from Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean, and the Middle East combined accounted for 11.8% of the publications.	4
The authors thank the two anonymous reviewers for their constructive comments and suggestions.	0
The results of the analyses revealed a statistically significant difference in the plagiarised post ratios and the ratios of students performing plagiaristic behaviour before and after feedback.	4
We searched patent applications under subclass A61K39/00 (medicinal preparations containing antigens or antibodies) for inventions related to vaccine development.	2
Using the country of the first author as the country of origin, the 100 top-cited articles originated from eight countries, although they were primarily from the United States (Table 3).	4
Therefore, we use the 2014 version of the AAN corpus, which includes almost 23,283 papers.	2
The objectives of this paper are twofold: first, to test the usefulness and applicability of bibliometric analysis to develop an understanding and evaluation of a single journal's performance represented by productivity (number of papers), impact (number of citations) and quality (local and international research collaborations); second, to provide comprehensive information about PPC to its stakeholders including the publisher, editorial board, readers and current and potential authors.	1
A2: a fundamental work brings about a group significant subsequent research	0
We used a non-parametric test for comparison of medians of the number of citations between papers written only in English, in English and another language, or only in languages other than English.	3
The starting date (1965) is determined by the fact that the term 'nervous system diseases' was first introduced into MeSH (Medical Subject Headings) in that year.	2
(3) What impact do the mainstream publishers make in terms of their citation rates and which publishers can therefore be considered more prestigious and influential?	1
In a limited sense, the journals are both a reflection of discipline status and an aid in the creation of its emerging character	0
We further analyzed these results by the “analyze” function of the software in terms of number of papers from each country, type of documentation, number of publications per year, name of journals, and authors.	3
The citations of papers within each academic field were transformed into normal distributions, each with a different base logarithm.	3
Details on the protocol and consent forms can be found in Text S1.	0
This study has two objectives: to rank order the top ten publishers of all 609 "best book" awards by APSA sections from 1985 to 2016 and to show using multiple regression analysis which variables best explain why some award-winning volumes receive more scholarly citations than other books.	1
A: Data matrix of an example of co-authorship relations in a single document	0
PEGS is an agent simulation system that models individual researchers in their activities related to getting funding, aiming for promotions and making science.	3
The outcome of interest was academic rank, which was classified as instructor/lecturer, assistant professor, associate professor, and professor.	3
Information on infection-related research investments awarded to United Kingdom institutions across 1997-2010 were sourced from funding agencies and individually categorised by disease and type of science.	2
Twenty-three percent of the tweets addressed the user's own K-Index value, while 21% and 17% of the tweets were either critical or joking, respectively.	4
The challenge for Great Western University is to continue to forge agreement on expectations, to understand the impediments to these expectations and to correct them.	5
Our goal was to compare the publication rate for CCC abstracts to international cardiology conferences and identify potential barriers to publication.	1
In response, this empirical study offers an in-depth analysis of 142 HEIs' publicly available academic integrity policies.	1
The similarity measure adopted by VOSviewer is association strength, which is better for normalizing co-occurrence frequencies by making fair comparisons between objects with a high frequency of occurrence and objects with a low frequency of occurrence (Van Eck et al.	3
The ICS network, on the other hand, utilized indirect entity cooccurrences based on cited author information and section information.	3
The study uses two types of data: biliometric data based on publications from the Web of Sciences (WoS), and altmetric data based on Tweets from Altmetric.com.	2
The g-index was calculated as 81, indicating that the top 81 articles received (together) more than 812 (or 6561) citations (Egghe 2006).	4
We clarify at this point that our study does not cover research topics or trends in IS research.	0
We constructed a bibliometeric map from 310 journals and books that were cited at least 300 times since 2012---a total of 508000 references, which is 63 % of the total.	3
Therefore, the combined effects of various forces have driven the evolution of the flow network of Chinese scientists.	5
Despite a total number of journals and publishing volumes comparable to respectable (indexed by the Directory of Open Access Journals) open access journals, the problem of predatory open access seems highly contained to just a few countries, where the academic evaluation practices strongly favor international publication, but without further quality checks.	5
Dirichlet Multinomial Regression (DMR) topic modeling (Mimno and McCallum, 2008) was used to explore topics related to both LIS and DM.	3
As a result, a total of 2647 studies published between 1990 and 2016 (see Table 3), including full-length articles and research notes, were found suitable for the purpose of this study.	2
In the case of Mawcha et al., the total link resolution rate of only 12% of all references and 15% of journal references is a significant red flag.	4
Nevertheless, when gauged by the presence of this research among the Top-1000 papers being cited, citizen science papers in both earth and space science areas have about 10-times the number of papers making it to this level.	5
The types of documents selected were articles, proceedings papers, book review, editorial materials, reviews and book chapters.	2
The sample analyzed was made up of the 39 researchers from this population who answered a survey (i.e., 95% of the population).	2
Clearly, predatory publishing has helped distort the supply–demand equilibrium by bringing about a stirring increase in the output of academic journals, regarding the quantity of both predatory journals and articles.	4
Evaluate the impact that any retracted publication reporting results of an included study might have on the review’s conclusions regardless of the reason for retraction.	3
In this paper we present a thought experiment with regard to the weight ratio between monographs and journal articles used for the SSH in the current Flemish (and other) PRFS.	1
RQ3: Do general Scopus journals (i.e., officially classified as Multidisciplinary) ever have more specialist publishing practices?	1
Findings revealed that the share of Muslim-majority contributions to global science is still modest because systems only published 5.15% of all web of science (WoS) papers globally in the last three decades, although their combined population represents 14.16% of the world population.	4
Moreover, on average, male reviewers produce more reviews, review for more journals, and publish more research articles than their female counterparts.	5
A drive to Tannery Falls followed lunch and a group picture.	0
Second, this study identifies five intensive research communities of nations.	5
This narrative opens-up an understanding of self-quantification as a liberating and empowering activity, which can be used to counter prevailing audit regimes in higher education across the globe.	5
As a result, China and the USA exchanged most international students.	4
Overall, the assigned labels alongside the peer review rating show that some types of research can be identified by reviewers as being, on average, more valuable than others even if this will not be recognised by citations.	5
To summarize the results reported in Table 1, we conclude that most of the gender gap during doctoral studies is explained by collaboration with the main supervisor and by the size of the doctoral student's external collaborative network.	4
The study aimed to investigate patterns of SA use in publications and among subject categories and to discuss their differences in relation to similar research on GIS.	1
While the Sections 1–3 provide a condensed review of the research concept, Section 4	0
Results are very similar if we impose the same cutoffs for both groups.	0
Based on this mapping study, the paper further explores the opportunities for and challenges to research collaboration among BRICS nations.	1
This article applies an economic model to analyze the supply and demand relationship of predatory journal publishing.	1
Clinical research is broadly defined as human-oriented research for which an investi- gator directly interacts with human subjects.	1
Received September 4, 2012; Accepted May 30, 2013; Published July 8, 2013	0
However, there is a gap in the identification of evidence of the social impact in terms of what citizens are sharing on their social media platforms.	1
The Platform for Responsible Editorial Policies (PREP) is an information source on editorial policies and peer review in scholarly publishing.	1
We follow the Swanson et al. (2007) measures of concentration by using the "market share" of journal space occupied by the top 20 schools and the Herfindahl-Hirschman Index (HHI), which measures concentration levels over the entire set of articles published as opposed to the top schools alone.	3
To this end, in this paper, we attempt to fill this gap by performing an exploratory comparison between RA and DD titles in various disciplines and providing preliminary research on the length, punctuation usage, structure, and content information of titles.	1
After data cleaning, we dichotomized the total 757 valid titles (from the four searches) as follows: (1) titles which used the BC/B.C.	2
This study focused on revealing the current status of the literature about pain and pain management in the field of nursing with respect to the particular dimensions, such as the distribution of the authors, journals, institutions, countries, keywords in terms of years, citations, networks, topic detection, and document clustering over keyword distributions.	5
The existence of this endorsement effect suggests that policymakers should consider both the direct effects that innovation policy might have on researchers’ incentives as well as the endorsement effects it can have on the research system.	5
The results presented in this paper draw on two GS datasets.	2
Articles published in top nursing journals (the journals with the top 20 5-year impact factors) from 2010 to 2019 were included.	2
The authors thank the useful comments made by two anonymous reviewers.	0
Five hundred and ninety papers were identified as research articles which were published in seven prominent STEM librarianship journals, namely: (1) STL, (2) ISTL, (3) JeSL, (4) JHL, (5) JMLA, (6) MRSQ, and (7) HILJ for the four years period (2016-2019).	4
DISPROPORTIONATE INCREASE IN MEAN TEAM SIZE IN SOVIET-RICH SUBFIELDS AFTER 1990	0
We found no nation that was able to gain a prominent position without first collaborating with North America, and all regions collaborated with North America on at least 70.8% of all co-authored articles, with a high of 77.1% observed for Latin America (Table 5).	5
Copyright of PLoS Biology is the property of Public Library of Science and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
It is found that 57 h-indices of the Set of Top a% Citations Sets of the sparking group are higher than those of the comparison group, which is 95 percent of the total.	4
Dataset 1 (DS1) is related with all papers that were published in a prestigious journal of a subject area, assuming the SCImago Journal Rank (SJR) index for 2018.	2
The period spans 35 years from 1980 to 2014.	2
Bhutta with 56, all of whom have become prototypically associated with the GH domain, albeit for different reasons.	4
LNHHI = α + β?TIME + β?Lag(LNHHI) + ε	3
1 7 30 7 32 14 62 100.00 100.00 100.00 1.00 1.00	0
Therefore, on the basis of the above review, this paper is intended to reveal the core authors' influence and correlation among the topics of OA research in China with the help of strategic diagram and social network analysis (SNA).	1
The SSRN archive comprises 265,253 papers representing 126,456 unique authors across a number of disciplines in the social sciences and humanities, with particular focus in economics, law, and business (Table 1).	2
Shifting the focus to unsupported assertion categories, the overall percentage of assertions that were not supported by the Freeman et al. (2014) meta-analysis was 26.01%.	5
J. N. Goswami, Director, PRL, for the permission to carry out this study.	0
As main conclusion, the differences observed in obsolescence are so important even between disciplinary journals in the same subfield, that it would be necessary to use some measure for the tail of the citation distribution, such as those proposed in this paper, when analyzing in an appropriate way the long time impact of a journal.	5
Traditional citation-based indicators and translational-focused indicators measure academic impact and clinical impact respectively.	5
To analyze different filed topics, we employed a word cloud to highlight the frequency of the keywords reported by the authors of each document.	3
Two hundred titles were chosen for each of the following selected disciplines under the categories recognized by SCImago2 (Hyland & Zou, 2022): linguistics (Ling), economics (Econ), medicine (Med) and computer science (CS).	2
For computer scientists, Henkel's (2005) findings ring true: their disciplinary community sets the stakes underpinning their academic identity, and shifts in research policy have not greatly disrupted academic values or academic identities.	5
Our results have some important implications for the assessment of science.	5
The results of the practical application of the model to the case of Spanish web archives showed that, contrary to prior expectation, factors which are intrinsic to the geographical region of Spain that the archive belongs to, such as economic level or degree of commitment to specific archival legislation, do not directly influence its website's quality ranking.	4
Findings supported that career-long measures of impact based on citations of research publications are positively associated with the number of coauthors from economically developed countries, with the journal impact factor of publications, but not with gender of focal researchers.	5
The dual-map space provides a flexible and extensible framework to support a new set of visual analytic tasks that are essential for portfolio analysis, gap analysis, and competitive intelligence.	5
Comparing different funding periods, K01 awards were predictive of subsequent R01 Eq.	4
For more serious research performance evaluation, analytic hierarchy process (AHP) methodology is proposed.	1
Inspired by CogLTX (Cognize Long TeXts) (Ding, Zhou, Yang, & Tang, 2020), an automatic classification model of research methods based on full-text cognition named CogFT (Cognize Full Texts) was developed (Tian, 2023).	3
Preliminary analyses indicated that the publications have increased through the years with minor fluctuations.	4
This version contained data up to June 2022, and the period of analysis was from 2000 to 2021.	2
This map is generated by VOSviewer software (Eck and Waltman 2010; van Eck and Waltman 2011) and it is based on the analysis of co-occurrences of terms in the titles and abstracts (each pair of title and abstract is treated as a single document).	3
When the number of publications of IJGFS is analysed on a yearly basis, a geometric growth rate of approximately 63% appears.	4
The Web of Science (WoS) data for publication records in CS during 1999–2013 period have been used for the analytical characterization.	2
Mean number of citations per year was 7.75 ± 3.26 (range: 4–18.78) and mean number per author was 5.52 ± 3.14 (range: 1–21).	4
The first includes all journals found in Beall's list, matched by ISSN or name.	2
For the bibliometric investigation, we chose the Lithuanian book outputs submitted by institutions to the national metric-based funding systems from 2005 to 2016.	2
We apply a bibliometric indicator of research productivity named fractional scientific strength (FSS).	3
A positive correlation was observed between AAS and citation count (r2=0.0973; P=.002), and between PlumX score and citation count (r2=0.8911; P<.001).	4
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Data refer to the number of papers published in the sample countries during the period 2003–2016.	2
We further restricted the publishing language to English and 129 records were left.	2
The square root of all productivity measures was taken to compensate for their highly skewed distributions.	0
The most-cited articles were published in 26 of the 669 journals, led by Neuroimage (n = 38) and followed by Human Brain Mapping (n = 12).	4
El estudio concluye que existe una mayor tendencia por parte de los autores peruanos que abarcan temas de Psicología en publicar sus artículos en acceso abierto, otorgándoles mayor visibilidad en Mendeley y Dimensions.	5
By unraveling the dynamics between exploration, exploitation, and funding success, our study offers valuable insights to nurture early career researchers.	5
The USA as the most productive supplier have established their position as center of international cooperation, followed in considerable distance by the United Kingdom, Germany and China.	4
In Table 2 we see that seven Mexican HEIs in the 50 institutions sample had a higher normalized impact than the world during the period 2007–2011, and nine HEIs have %Q1 larger than the sample's average (30.25%).	4
As a first example, the behavior of the s and gN measures for 12 Price Medal laureates (in the period from 1999 to 2013).	2
Enterprises' digital attention and investment can significantly increase their operating income but not reduce carbon emissions.	4
This work acts as a frame of reference or a common indicator for people interested in the field of neuroesthetics, consumer neuroscience and neuromarketing when it comes to know with whom to research with, where to research, where to publish, which groups to collaborate with or what trends to research on, among others.	5
We propose three distinct methods for the ranking of universities: a) links – the number of distinct Wikipedia pages which contain links pointing to the entity's Wikipedia page; b) Overall page views – the number of times a specific page was viewed over a certain period of time and; c) Relevant infobox attributes – the identification of various entities associated with each of the ranked items and the evaluation of their importance.	3
Increasing the transparency of the review results, in particular concerning overall statistics about acceptance rates and speed of reviewing/publishing, could be more promising, in particular since the production of the statistics can be automated.	4
Canada has always a low priority index for all databases, all periods and all types of viral hepatitis, while Egypt always has a high, even very high priority index.	4
The average scores of the Spanish universities for a few subjects were over the average of their speciality.	4
The networks were constructed based on citing publications in the period 2010–2014.	2
In this study the journal impact factor (JIF) was used as an indicator of journal ranking (Callaway, 2016).	3
Between 2008 and 2018, Australia published 1510 articles out of a total global output of 48 613 papers in ORL-HNS with the top 10 authors having an h-index placing them within the world's top 100.	4
Keywords: research policy; performance-based research funding system (PRFS); impact; Evaluation Methodology; Czech Republic; Eastern Europe.	0
The search was performed from 02 December 2019 to 25 March 2020.	2
Here, scientometric aspects of the Covid-19 literature are analysed and contrasted with those of the two previous major coronavirus diseases, i.e., Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS).	1
The questionnaire was developed in Spanish and contained 34 questions divided into four main parts: (1) demographic questions, (2) scholarly communication, (3) open access, and (4) library responses to predatory practices.	2
These scientists were invited to complete an anonymous online survey via LimeSurvey1 in January and February 2021.	3
*Bo-Christer Bj?rk is Professor of Information Systems Science at the Hanken School of Economics in Helsinki, Finlandl; email: bo-christer.bjork@hanken.fi.	0
The papers produced by the top five regions, including Beijing, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Hubei, and Shaanxi, account for 46%, 43%, 59%, and 49% of the total papers retrieved from the SCI, CSCD, SSCI, and CSSCI, respectively.	4
Moreover, the shift of the disciplinary contexts of DSM citations can be largely explained by different DSM versions as distinct epistemic objects.	4
However, the generational differences are not very large, and other variables such as the field of research explain more of the differences observed at an individual level.	4
This study seeks to understand the research in higher education internationalization on publication outcomes, co-authorships between authors and similar countries, and co-occurrences of author keywords.	1
The APC of top ranked journals is evidently higher than that of lower ranked journals.	0
Using averaged results from 1,000 simulations for each data set studied, z-scores were calculated for each journal pair using the formula (Fobs – Fexp)/σ, where Fobs is the observed frequency, Fexp is the averaged simulated frequency, and a is the standard deviation of the simulated frequencies for a journal pair (Uzzi et al., 2013).	3
We use web scraping techniques to retrieve the bibliographic data for all RePEc authors that appear in the Genealogy project, their training institutions and their advisors, from RePEc Genealogy, LogEc and IDEAS, respectively.	3
The most frequently mentioned articles in the dominant social platforms in Asia were in the fields of health, medicine, and science (see Table 8).	4
The number of scientific publications in UWS has grown dramatically since the 1990s (Fig.	4
In this study, we will assess Jordanian international research collaboration and OA publishing in the past 10 years.	1
When investigating associations of the economic status of EU countries with resource factors and achievements in FAW research, the ‘Coefficient of National Innovation Capacity (NIC)' was moderately correlated with the input factors for FAW research such as the average number of PhDs currently employed in the institutions (rs = 0.66; p < 0.001) and the total number of employed researchers (rs = 0.56; p < 0.01).	4
National Institutes of Health (NIH), which records information about grants awarded to extramural researchers funded by the NIH since 1938.	2
Although they sometimes correlate well, the similarities are not good enough to make accurate predictions; h-indices used in this way do not track the peer review exercises well enough for them to form a component of, or substitute for those exercises.	5
It examines the degree to which the hIa can control for cross-disciplinarity and career length, and improve the accuracy of comparisons between Colleges.	1
Comparing the obtained values and goodness-of-fit statistics given in the Tables, it will be seen that the WD offers a greater level of accuracy than the other PDs considered.	4
Together with these findings, we propose that the click chemistry philosophy follows the way that values nature's principle.	5
This gradual concentration of male researchers in the richest region of Brazil when the career evolves has some negative consequences.	5
Nevertheless, our findings showed exceptional variation in how authors are citing and using these three BP articles regardless of whether the article was published in a top journal or not.	4
Citation analysis counts the frequency of cited papers from a set of citing papers to determine the most influential scholars, publications, or universities in a discipline.	3
This result gives a useful insight into how popularity diminishes with time in online community.	5
This paper assesses the issues affecting the development of institutional repositories (IRs) in Pakistan along with presentation of an emergent framework for the development of IRs.	1
Our results have important implications for wider academic strategy in several ways.	5
We wonder whether the results in our papers are used by others and ourselves in future research.	1
The study highlights that international collaborative research resulted in high-quality papers.	5
This analysis compared the ratings of the 41 Australian universities across the years 2010, 2012, 2015, and 2018 for the psychology codes (i.e., 17, 1701, 1702, and 1799), as well as examining the combined means for all four data collections and compared these across institutions.	1
The most cited author by FODM publications is Liu B, and he is co-cited with other 202 authors for more than ten thousand times by FODM publications.	4
This analysis uses bibliometric methods and factor analysis for the above.	3
The average overlap rate between two groups of top 100 most productive authors was 47.8% ranging from 2.9% in General Engineering and Technology to 83.3% in Geology while the average overlap rate between two groups of top 1‰ most productive authors was 53.3% ranging from 0.0% in Neurology and Psychiatry and General Engineering and Technology to 100.0% in Light Industry (see Appendix 2).	4
We conclude that although international partnership is an on-going fashion at present in China, it has both benefits and limitations.	5
Categorical data were described using observed frequencies and percentages, and continuous variables were summarized by their medians and minimum maximum values in case of serious deviation from normality with Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS), version 21.0 (SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL, USA).	3
For sufficiently high values of initial knowledge k(0) we immediately start in Region II, As a transition from Region II to Region I is not possible the whole solution stays in Region II.	4
To understand the growth patterns of the collaboration over the years, absolute rates and relative rates of change were computed from the extracted data for indicators of interest.	3
The current study chose to collect the data by means of the WoS database due to its advantages over Scopus and Google Scholar (Norris and Oppenheim 2007).	2
Out of the total of 378 country pairs within the EU, the Spearman correlation coefficient between the SRCA arrays increased in 218 cases (58%) in the studied period (Fig.	4
While there might a general reduction in recombination of knowledge across distant fields over the last decades, online search platforms are not the culprits.	5
Consider a manuscript whose quality (θ) is either acceptable (θ = 1) or unacceptable (θ = 0).	2
Trainees who achieved graduate degrees published more frequently during training and maintained higher publication volumes following graduation than clinical-only surgical trainees.	5
However, the h-index calculations between the two databases were highly correlated (Figure 2b, R2=0.9233).	4
It is based on content analysis of academic publications, and on social network analysis applied to a database of more than 20,000 bibliographical references generated for this research project from the universe of investigations published by Chilean social scientists over a period of seven years in the first decade of this century, in journals and books, both in Chile and abroad.	2
Globalization of scientific communication is generally high in the countries of the ‘core’—in Western Europe and North America.	5
Citation analysis is commonly used to assess the visibility, influence and importance of publications and journals in the case of central countries but also for peripheral ones (Arunachalam and Manorama, 1989).	3
To track how scientific ideas (represented by groups of scientific papers) appear and evolve, we apply a novel combination of algorithms explicitly allowing for papers to change their groups.	1
(2) Which are the most prolific countries and their co-authorship networks?	1
Of the 57.3% (n = 204) of graduating HN fellows who entered academia, 64% (n = 130) trained at just 10 fellowship institutions, 47% (n = 94) attended OHNS residency at an NIH top 40 funded institution, and 54% (n = 111) attended OHNS residency at an AHNS-accredited institution offering HN fellowship.	4
To further differentiate the datasets, the DS2 sample includes recent articles, published in the years of 2018, 2019 and 2020.	2
The tool is a checklist that includes five domains and 14 items (table 4).	5
We acknowledge that the SJR's 2022 list of “Sports Science” journals does not cover every journal that could be identified as belonging to sport science.	2
The Immediacy Citation rate is the number of citations in the year an article was published.	3
We also assumed that they could be realistic or excessively over-confident about the quality of their manuscripts when reviewing.	3
The most prevalent supported assertion category was Active learning is more effective than lecture/increases student learning (assertions with an Sl code = 43.50%).	4
These methods are commonly classified in bottom-up and top-down approaches (Wagner et al.	0
Many of the details of data interpretation have been discussed in the methodology and results sections, but there are a few general points that are pertinent to a post hoc evaluation and discussion of the methodology.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
In an Advanced Search of the Web of Science, the following search formula was used: TS=("m-learning" OR "mlearning" OR "mobile learning" OR "online learning" OR "virtual learning" OR "distance learning" OR "electronic learning").	2
The selected topics are listed in Table 6, which are highlighted in Fig.	4
Number of completed projects in Management Science from 2014 to 2018.	0
The average gain percentage across all the topics was 13.72%.	4
The panel data used in this study is of good continuity, consisting of the top 300 universities in the QS rankings from 2004 to 2020, and the top 500 universities in the ARWU rankings from 2003 to 2020.	2
We propose a simple model in which the number of citations of a publication depends not only on the scientific impact of the publication but also on other 'random' factors.	3
Our study shows that coverage of funding information differs significantly between the Scopus, WoS, and PubMed databases for a sample of prestigious medical journals.	5
This paper proposes that citing chemical databases gives merit and recognition to the resources as well as credibility and validity to the scholarly communication process and also further discusses recommendations for citing and referencing databases.	5
Linda Grant is an assistant professor of sociology and faculty associate of the Institute of Behavioral Research at the University of Georgia.	0
The group of deleted citations represented a small percentage of the total citations.	0
The Web of Science and Scopus online databases were searched to identify the top 50 cited articles in rotator cuff repair surgery.	2
However, the study did reveal some notable discrepancies which could reflect either bias in the peer-review process or shortcomings in the bibliometric measures, or both.	5
Continued delay in addressing the gender gap may perpetuate imbalances for generations to come.	5
When there was a discrepancy between the two researchers, a third person (HY) read the full text and made the final decision.	0
For prediction analysis, the Ordinary Least Squares Regression model was constructed on log-normalized counts of metrics (c) as proposed by Thelwall (2017).	3
Firstly, UK-AU cross-national papers consistently exhibit the highest percentages of those with dubious affiliations across all three disciplinary categories (62.3 % in SCIE, 48.9 % in SSCI, and 55.6 % in A&HCI).	4
Within 2008-2012 there were notable differences between the three journals concerning the type and origin of the publications.	5
This study, using a bibliometric method, aimed to investigate the contributions from different countries by evaluating the quantity and quality of their papers published between 2007 and 2016, and to provide a macroscopic view on global PET publications for researchers in this field.	1
How to cite this article: Ho, Y.-S., Fu, H.-Z., & McKay, D.	0
Using natural language processing techniques, the titles and abstracts of the 3794 publications were parsed.	3
The results clearly show that normalization is preferred over unnormalized direct citation relations.	4
Hence, given the proximity among scientists in social, cognitive, and physical dimensions, one can predict patterns of diffusion in science.	4
Thirdly, faculty experts from 10 NIRF-ranked management institutes excluding IIMs and IITs, evenly distributed over the ranking bands (1–20, 21–40, 41–60, 61-80, and 81- 100), were approached on a personal basis through purposive sampling (Apostolopoulos and Liargovas 2016) and asked to approve the identified criteria and sub-criteria and, subsequently, fill out the questionnaire based on the FAHP technique (Supplementary Appendices B and C).	2
In short, the emergence of correction notices may affect and transfer the citations of the corrected papers.	5
Statistics of Keyword Frequency of Advertising Design Research in China From 1992 to 2000.	0
[Table II Overview of the datasets and metadata enrichment exercise results]	0
Therefore, they should not be considered as alternatives to citation-based indicators, but rather as complementary.	5
During the analysis of co-authorship patterns in a single journal or conference, many authors adopt and implement methods from Social Network Analysis (SNA), the second stream of the research methodology which is relevant in this case [3].	3
Original network consisted of 11645 papers and 4576 arcs.	2
For all countries that published to a certain degree in Russian journals this share has strongly declined.	4
?2009 by the authors; licensee Molecular Diversity Preservation International, Basel, Switzerland.	0
Preprints are accepted and even encouraged by public funding agencies, starting from the world's largest (the NIH), and are soon expected by many others across the world.	5
Acknowledgments This work was supported by the European Commission under the FP7 Grant No.	0
Overall, these results may have implications for identifying and nurturing talents across a wide range of creative domains.	5
This study takes CSSCI-indexed papers in Economics, Law, and Library & Information Science as the research object, and uses a variety of statistical methods to verify that the discipline consistency between papers and published journals has a significant impact on citations.	5
The obvious choice is the Journal Impact Factor (JIF) as we know that authors attach high importance to it as a measure of prestige.	2
In our analysis, we also probed how contributions varies across authors using a normalization of the accessibility defined in Eq.	3
The data period was specified between 2007 and 2018 as the data retrieved from the WEF (2019) was available starting from 2007 to 2018.	2
By focusing on the UFIT Guidelines, my findings confirm that Australia is part of a growing response in the West to counter security threats from China in universities (d'Hooghe & Lammertink, 2022), while making a new contribution to the literature on global STEMM collaboration amidst geopolitical competition.	5
We use the online catalogue of the German National Library as the basis for our analysis.	2
The innovation we propose is adopting a four step Reviewer Centric Approach - an incentive that would enable and encourage reviewers to do their best.	3
This article aims to contribute to extant literature on the use of data sources for identifying and appraising research excellence.	1
The cosine distance between the two Article titles 1 and 2 is as follows:	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Given the wide differences within chemistry and physics, it seems likely that relatively narrow specialisms have their own citation and resource sharing cultures that sometimes exclude Mendeley (Thelwall 2017c), perhaps because other reference sharing sites are used instead (Lee and Schleyer 2012; Zoller et al.	5
Nevertheless, for documents published between 1999 and 2000, the work develops a manual search by using the Cited Reference Search tool of Web of Science Core Collection.	2
The ArnetMiner data set covers publications record for the field of Computer Science, collected from ACM and DBLP data repositories [20].	2
As shown in Figure 2, 75 per cent of the articles cited more than fifty times are OA, and the OA proportion declines progressively with the declining citation rate.	4
All data were entered into Provalis ProSuite? using its QDA Miner? module and then analyzed using WordStat?.	3
With our study we aimed to compare the methodological quality and the quality of reporting of primary epidemiological studies and systematic reviews and meta-analyses published in OA and non-OA journals.	1
This does not imply that the article was rejected at the peer-review stage.	0
We would like to thank the Pontifical Catholic University of Goiás, Goiania, Brazil (Replicon / Prope / MGene / FAPEG/ CNPq) to have contributed and supported this research.	0
Researchers' concerns about lack of quality assurance or the “Ingelfinger rule” were also observed by Chiarelli et al.	5
In next section we discuss the measurement of negative collaboration experiences and cohort differences.	0
Our findings indicate that there is a positive correlation between the interdisciplinarity of scientific publications and the attention they receive from policy documents in almost all fields.	5
As shown in Table 7, members of the new academic generation published more articles than previous generations; therefore, hypothesis H2.2 was accepted.	4
Observando la figura podemos decir que en la parte derecha se colocan las comunidades más relacionadas con la Comunicación, mientras que en la parte izquierda se encuentran las más relacionadas con la Biblioteconomía y Documentación y con las Redes Sociales.	4
In this paper, we use the versions obtained at granularity levels 6 and 8 (the G6 and G8 classification systems hereafter) consisting of 1363 and 5119 clusters, respectively.	2
This work was supported by the National Education Science Foundation of China under Grant DIA180383.	0
The authors have benefitted from comments and suggestions of two referees and the participants to the three CDM workshops in London, Paris and Maastricht, in particular Bronwyn Hall, Hans L??f, Pierre Mohnen and Bettina Peters.	0
1 shows the number of articles for each journal during 1990–2015.	0
Following Woeginger (2009), an author's oeuvre, consisting of N papers, is characterized by a vector x = (x1, .	2
Building on the 2017 data, the aim to preserve the profit margin of the publisher implies an estimated average APC of 4482 USD, far higher than the current mean APC (2824 USD being the weighted average using the volume of articles as weight, 2544 USD the simple average).	4
Once a total score for each journal for each institution was calculated, an overall score for each journal was determined by averaging the journal scores from the eight pilot institutions.	3
The available attributes include advisor name, advisee name, publisher institution, publisher department, title, date submitted, DDC subject classification, abstract, and alternative title.	2
The bibliometric method of knowledge diffusion and indicators of collaboration were used to assess the response characteristics of academia to the epidemics and the international collaboration characteristics.	3
1108 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—November 2002	0
After all these steps, a total of 182,799 unique citing articles were included in our final sample.	2
The discussion in this paper will measure cost-effectiveness by cost per citation.	3
Regressions (4)–(6) in Table 6 show that women are significantly more at risk of being excluded from the patent than men.	4
The five dimensions are journal output, journal content, journal perception, journal citations and journal management.	1
And, how have these preferences shifted over time, as the population of high-quality finance journals has expanded?	1
Our study provides evidence that the majority of the most influential UK health scientists do not receive funding from the country's three main public and charity funders.	5
Two sets of parameters (author-based and article-based parameters) were registered independently for each article by 2 researchers (JIA-T and FE):	3
The present study paid particular attention to the corresponding authors' countries of affiliation.	1
We discuss the emerging CRediT standard for documenting contributions and describe a web-based app and R package called tenzing that is designed to facilitate its use.	1
It's a seize the moment kind of spirit, things change quickly.	0
The authors wish to thank Lisa Craig-Young for her assistance with the tables for this article.	0
To what extent does the citation benefit of having more authors vary from discipline to discipline and number of authors in the social sciences?	1
Using data from the UK's 2021 national research quality exercise and focusing on the business and management discipline, we show that the strong association between journal rankings and expert evaluations has not changed, despite institutional endorsements of DORA (Declaration on Research Assessment).	1
The cores of the networks consist of high income OECD countries and remain rather stable over time.	4
The main purpose of the method is to normalise the raw citation scores for the field and the year of publication – other factors such as type of publication or country could be included if desired.	5
The component is dominated by researchers from science and is affiliated primarily with three institutions.	4
In many countries publications in Web of Knowledge journals are dominant in the evaluation of educational research.	1
What is the relationship between gender parity in scientific output, collaboration, and impact and each HDI indicator, by levels of development?	1
Here, we aimed to illustrate how these various levels could be modeled within a formalism where interactional and conceptual dynamics may jointly be appraised, be it at the level of a socio-semantic graph G, a socio-semantic hypergraph H or a socio-semantic lattice L.	5
In the end, Mohagheghi, Mahmoudi and Malek Zadeh were identified as the most influential researchers of Iran's cancer-focused co-authorship network and most influential cut-off points in network consistency were Iranshahi, Ghadri, Mahmoudy, Shafi'ei, Ali Moghaddam and Eftekhari.	4
We crawled Microsoft Academic Search (MAS), one of the publicly available repositories and collected all the papers related only to the computer science domain.	2
The output of the academic members of staff of the three business schools for the time period 2001–2008 has been used.	2
There was an overall growth of 6.73 times shown by the Asian countries during this period, compared to 3.83 times of all global countries.	4
To identify economists eligible for editorship we collected publication data related to 108 economics journals.	2
We revisited our study in January 2015 and found that our predictions failed to anticipate REF outcomes.	4
The search question string used was: TITLE- ABS ("higher education” AND internationalization) AND (LIMIT-TO (SRCTYPE, “j")) AND (LIMIT-TO (DOCTYPE, “ar")) AND (EXCLUDE (PUBYEAR, 2022) OR EXCLUDE (PUBYEAR, 2021)) AND (LIMIT-TO (LANGUAGE, “English”)).	2
The author's first name was entered into the "Baby Name Guesser" at http://www.gpeters.com/names/baby-names.php.	3
The answers were then recorded and extracted from a MySQL database and analyzed, by the participants, in order to determine how diverse evaluation processes might be grouped and presented.	3
Funding: This work was supported by a grant from the National Biomedical Research Foundation.	0
One thing to be noted is the limitations of the study.	5
The subsidy amount for each journal is computed by the following formula: Subsidy = 500 + 7000 * (ES/100)2.5	3
Concerning the first issue, only a minority of the respondents reported metrics as a reason for considering something to be the best research.	5
Growth in American nanoscience publications indexed in Web of Science, 1999-2009.	0
Los autores de este artículo no tenemos ningún conflicto de intereses en la elaboración, producción y publicación de este manuscrito.	0
Specifically, the NER algorithm is supplied with a dictionary, called Entity Ruler, including a predefined list of strings that the computer is instructed to extract from the texts and classify into a specific category.	3
The results also demonstrate that MCRs show greater beliefs that a good journal has good indices measuring its impact (Mean difference=0.46, p=0.000<0.001), high rank (Mean difference=0.35; p=0.018<0.05) and publishes articles written by famous researchers (Mean difference=0.34; p=0.007<0.01).	4
As regards the independent variables, the Augmented Human Development Index (AHDI) data were extracted from Our World in Data.	2
However, the probability of exclusion from inventorship also declines with seniority, and increases for women, which is compatible with our model only.	4
Many managers and policy-makers see this as the most appropriate role for portfolio analysis in the management process.	0
The USA has the highest number of publications as well as the highest h-index.	4
As our first order of business, we must address the flaws inherent in this particular investigation.	0
The data sample consists of n = 198 proposals out of about one-third of applicants providing their consent to making their data available for academic research on ERC grants.	2
One of the key issues was inconsistency in the data caused by a lack of standardization in data recording by institutions.	4
Page models were graphed for clarity, because results were similar for each model.	0
We evaluated the relationship between the author order and their research contributions from a novel perspective in comparison with our earlier research.	1
This study aimed to retrospectively analyze the publication speed of indexed anesthesiology journals and the factors affecting the publication speed.	1
The matrices are used as the basis of the MDS analysis to generate two-dimensional scatterplots for the visualization of the between-object distances among all the fields.	0
A retrospective descriptive study was conducted using bibliometric indicators, such as types of cited sources, timeliness of cited sources, authorship patterns, rank lists of the most frequently cited journals and authors, degree of research collaboration, and yearly distribution of articles in the journals.	3
Results are similar when using Probit models (see Appendix Table A5).	0
I qualitatively analysed 1430 peer reviewers' comments for a sample of 40 social science preprint-publication pairs to identify the key foci of reviewers' comments.	1
We selected Internet of things (an updated dataset from the scientometric review (Ruiz-Rosero et al. 2017) available to download from this link) as a case study to show ScientoPy capabilities.	2
RQ2: Does the average scientific productivity differ by grant level?	1
We categorized PIs into two groups: neurosurgeon-scientists, which included all currently practicing neurosurgeons, including private practice and academic status, and scientists, which included basic science faculty, researchers, postdoctoral fellows, graduate students, and neurosurgeons who are not currently practicing and dedicate their full time for research within a neurosurgical department (Fig.	2
But, to observe long-term knowledge dissemination or to trace comprehensive development trajectory, CR may be an alternative.	5
A global approach reclassifies all of the Scopus documents into research communities using all (1.28 billion) citations in the database and proceeds to identify which research communities are populated by the 3,138 Collective Intelligence (CI) articles.	2
As such, this study aims to apply a modified version of the Rohrich and Weinstein scale to a situation that should be familiar to many readers, unsolicited invitations from journals to publish research.	1
To ensure accuracy in coding, we used a multi-stage coding and calibration process on random sub- samples of articles citing each best practice piece.	3
Depending on the case step 4a or step 4b is taken.	0
Cited journal titles were ranked according to number of times cited and analyzed according to Bradford's Law of Scattering and the 80/20 rule to identify the most frequently cited journals.	3
The corresponding citation data were collected from all datasets in the WoS on September 18, 2017.	2
That is to say, the visibility of EM journals is relatively low.	5
Altmetric scores of articles were significantly correlated with citations counts for articles published in 2007 and after.	4
This environment was generated by shrinking the tenth partition of six journals into a macro-journal, of which the k = 1 neighbourhood can be determined in Pajek.	0
The Jaccard index is defined in terms of non-empty sets A and B as:	0
This paper's aims are 2-fold; to i) analyze the quantity and characteristics of dermatology-related publications from the KSA and ii) determine the distribution of dermatology publications in KSA according to field or topic covered, type of study design, journal in which they were published (name and its impact factor), ethical status, year of publication, geographical location of the publication, authorship-related information (name and number of authors), and affiliated institution.	1
According to the recommendations made in [2], a request was sent to Scopus for merging different Affiliation IDs into one.	3
I am most grateful to my collaborators, Gerry Koocher and Patricia Keith-Spiegel, and to Ann Meeker O’Connell who had a major role in assisting with this part of the research..	0
We used the statistical software Stata to analyze the data (StataCorp., 2017).	0
We conclude by pointing out limitations and possible variations of the study presented here.	0
In this context, we want to understand how the optimal number of co-authors varies as a function of the expected value and difficulty.	1
The following business performance and position data were collected: revenues, profits, assets, stockholders' equity, profits as a percentage of revenues, and profits as a percentage of assets.	2
Optimization based research topics received most attention in CCE publications.	4
It is thus difficult to determine how to use them in bibliometric studies that cover all or at least a variety of the research fields without favouring or penalizing observation subjects that are specialized in fields that rely heavily on conference proceedings.	1
To assess the citation impact of research funded by EDCTP, the EDCTP publication database, which includes publications arising to EDCTP-funded research and available in-house (n = 244 papers), was matched to the Web of Science.	2
The work described above, although useful and frequently imaginative, has been limited in its scope.	0
The Microsoft Academic Graph, and the PubMed data are public available.	0
In contrast, young female scholars have the strictest acceptance criteria.	5
What are the social contexts that can explain these structuring?	1
This paper suggests that scientific foundations can improve their efficiency by giving funding preference to economic proposals.	1
All major decisions were made with team consensus to ensure shared understanding and decision-making.	0
What are the effects of cross-tier collaboration on research productivity and impact?	1
The coronavirus-related research covers an increasing number of disciplines before 2019, but this field centers on a few dominant disciplines, including Medicine, Immunology and Microbiology, Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology.	5
The results conjunctively achieved by VOSviewer and CiteSpace will enhance understanding of platform research and enable future developments for both theorists and practitioners.	1
Scopus was chosen for the citation count data.	2
The mean number of citations was 6.18 (95%CI=5.77–6.59).	4
The SCI database revealed 2,195 papers related to NFM between 1994–2011 distributed across 68 countries.	4
Regarding the future, we plan to carry out a structured comparison of Scopus and WoS databases, based on a quantitative analysis of the error/horror typologies.	5
Core topics within economic research, such as “market” or “production" hardly shift and can be linked to standard economic theories.	4
For research valuation purposes, the value of various social web statistics should be validated.	0
It can be seen from the figure that the originality of papers in all three disciplines tended to increase over time.	4
Access provided at 3 Jan 2020 05:29 GMT from Reading University (+1 other institution account)	0
(i) Philosophers are interested not only in using and investigating game theory as a formal method belonging to applied mathematics and sharing many relevant features with social choice theory, but also in considering its applications in more empirically oriented disciplines such as social psychology, cognitive science, or biology.	4
The patent data were retrieved from the Thomson Innovation database, which were subsequently analysed with the Thomson Data Analyser.	2
A negative concern that arises for the whole region, mainly Latin-America, is the discriminated use of a journal with predatory features.	4
The CSSCI carefully selected 714 high-quality social science journals (535 core and 179 expanded journals) from more than 2700 Chinese social science journals by using bibliometrics, as announced on 6 April 2012.	2
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Because of the general approach, we expect most of the conclusions to be applicable to other universities or research centers.	5
The first dependent variable, retraction, is a dichotomous variable: an article is coded 1 if it is in the retraction group and 0 if in the control group.	3
Conflict of interest MGS serves on the Board of Directors for Pharos Global Health Advisors.	0
For questions where respondents had to rank given options in an order, the ranked options were assigned weights (top-ranked item = highest weight).	3
The large values of NR bring the values of DI closer to zero.	4
The Vosviewer application furnished the co-citation and the keyword co-occurrence infographics used in the study.	3
The ‘‘British Journal of Anaesthesia’’ (504 articles) has published the highest number followed by ‘‘Anesthesia & Analgesia’’ (357 articles) and ‘‘Anesthesiology’’ (347 articles).	4
The articles in the produced list of top 50 most cited articles on rTMS for treatment of depression belong to the time period 1993-2012 with total citation count 12078.	4
When one pools observations for all institutions (column (1)), both the quality of the advisor (AdvQJEe) and that of the economics department (UniRank) (in percent) have a positive and statistically significant effect on the number of quality-adjusted publications after 6 years of graduation.	4
The experimental results answer our previously proposed question: citation behavior in deep citation space is not totally random and can still be associated with the original publications.	5
The first thing that stands out when viewing Fig.	4
Despite this, SAP has an outstanding performance with more than three times the citation results from ToS.	4
As can be seen from Figure 6, we did not see a performance increase as we increased the dimension size.	4
Conclusively, the PI ranking is not correlated to h-index, C and C/p</METRIC>.	4
Such citation counts make visible societal impacts to the extent that a field engages a genre, and different genres favor different fields.	5
Descriptive data were calculated across faculty ranks using JMP Pro 11.0 software.	3
The methodology begins with the construction of a co-term network (the first layer) and a co-authorship network (the second layer).	3
Institutional-level policies may be able to address some of these.	5
Our findings show that GPT text embeddings offer significant improvements in visually exploring literature datasets, revealing deep semantic similarities and diversities.	4
Specifically, I suggest that we move away from partial lotteries in the context of I call "luxury science" rather than innovative science (Shaw 2022).	1
It will pull data from different components, resulting from counts kept of articles accepted and reviews submitted, as well as from querying authors, indexes, and ORCID.	3
Whereas articles from nonspecialty journals focused on broad topics like osteoporosis, articles from OBGYN journal focused on topics like preeclampsia and endometriosis.	4
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
Implementation: Incorporation of ORCID into core information systems in Germany.	1
How is the growth of the research collaboration network related to knowledge coproduction among the members?	1
An author co-citation analysis results when an author cites in his/her publication a paper by one author, together with a paper by another author and, therefore, aims to show the structure and connections of the authors most frequently cited together (Gaviria-Marin et al., 2019), and to understand the structure of the scientific community in a particular field.	3
The association between these productivity indices and relevant country- specific socioeconomic factors were also determined.	1
The results in the roots and trunk of both algorithms are similar: 90% and 70% respectively.	4
We have collected a number of co-authored publications between the top 245 global science producer cities for the periods 1994–1996, 2004–2006, and 2014–2016.	2
Specifically, we examine the influence of the education system with three proxies on research productivity and also test the moderating effect of internet access availability in schools in this relationship.	1
Compared with the traditional MPA, the proposed MPA has the following three contributions and innovations: (1) This paper broadens the development of MPA theory from the perspective of traversal weights and provides inspiration for the future development of MPA.	5
The core collection of Web of Science was used instead of referring to all databases, so that the articles are of high quality and are influential in this field.	2
Broadly speaking, the dissimilarity between the two groups of universities investigated in this study lies mainly in the extent to which they take a holistic, multi-dimensional approach to addressing plagiarism.	5
In addition, we find that in order to motivate the reviewer to work hard in the situation where review outcomes of high quality are imperfectly observed due to a limited quality standard, the journal must give a larger reward to the reviewer.	4
ARWU operates with indicators of quantity of scientific research and quality of scientific research (Q1 and Top), and impact of scientific research (CNCI), and its recognition (Award), as well as the collaboration existing by fields.	3
In analyzing the narratives, we draw on Labov's model for narrative analysis (Labov, 1972), as its method of temporally organizing narratives fits well with the purpose and content of the interview material.	3
Given that, there is no citation database in West Africa, this study opted to use the Scopus database as the source of data.	2
1 Discovering the changing trend of various research themes over a period of time and highlighting the knowledge base on Santalum album;	1
ECR journals can address some of the exclusionary effects in academic publishing that are particularly pronounced for women, minorities and ECRs located outside the Global North.	1
One of the key issues here is to quantify the dissimilarity between two collections of scientific publications in literature.	1
Most frequent study designs were cross-sectional (30%) and nonsystematic review (25%).	4
Our assumption reflects the regulations laying out the evaluation criteria for the latest national habilitation competitions.	0
Here C?p is a constant independent of η for each quantile p.	0
From each journal, 10% of the published articles per year from 2008 to 2016 were randomly selected for a total of 4118 articles.	2
This research aims at performing a comparative study between the Brazilian scientific production in Dentistry, from 2000 to 2009 and countries that contribute with at least 2 % of the world's scientific production indexed in the Scopus database.	1
We propose a set of concrete actions that stakeholders (eg, scientists, peer-reviewers, journal editors) might take in the near-term, and that research funders, citation management systems, and databases and search engines might take in the longer term to limit the impact of retracted primary studies on evidence syntheses.	1
Nevertheless, the results are worrisome and subscribe to similar patterns shown in the US.	5
As the retraction notes indicate, 429 of the 431 retracted papers were from guest-edited issues, but 421 of these 429 were actually published in regular issues.	4
The first SB (SB1) is Hodgkin and Huxley (1952).	4
The other one is PNAS, which is constructed from 52,803 articles published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (http://www.pnas.	2
Relative to quantitative studies, qualitative studies were cited more often by authors in English-speaking countries.	4
Department of Physics, Pohang University of Science and Technology, Pohang 37673, Korea	0
Louis, Hospital for Special Surgery, Mayo Clinic, University of Pennsylvania, and Thomas Jefferson University.	4
Titles of the “Altmetric Top 100” articles were 102.6 characters (± 42) long, included 3.4 (± 2.0) uncommon words, and 29.6% (32/108) were ‘declarative'.	4
Results show a high degree of variability in researcher mobility patterns across institutions, especially when considered by career age.	4
This score is derived from the weighted scores of individual indicators (sources) by algorithms and is shown in “Appendix 1”.	0
The aim of this study was to quantify and rank the academic output of plastic surgery units across the UK and Ireland.	1
The data denoted that there is a tendency among researchers to use informal channels as a platform to publish their findings or to contribute to scholarly discussions.	5
Responses to the open-ended question were analyzed using text analysis software Atlas.ti (v7.5).	3
The reforms change the way in which the categories are classified,3 allocating more significance to articles published in the limited number of journals from a new ministerial list.	4
In this section, 4-quadrant radar plots with the CJAL score (combined with CAL score and L-index) were applied to evaluate the research achievements (RAs) of entities, including counties and institutes in the study journals of PLoS, Medicine, Formos, and EJMR.	3
A method for constructing a static w-tree in three stages is also presented.	3
Among the 205 research articles on COVID published by the four major medical journals in 2020, 60 (29.3%) cited at least one medRxiv preprint.	4
Using a bibliometric study, we inquire into the patterns of collaboration between basic and applied fields of science, seeking to uncover the patterns whereby researchers predominantly conduct IDR.	3
A total of 34.0% of the participants reported a high ability to identify predatory journals, while 27.0% reported a low ability to identify predatory journals.	4
Following these insights, here we use the Gumbel distribution (Eq 1) as an ansatz to model the observed field temporal distributions.	3
R p D ) be the number of references registered with Crossref (respectively Dimensions) and S p the number of references present in the PDF or HTML versions.	3
The questionnaire survey was sent via email to 1,936 corresponding authors in early 2017, and 199 questionnaires were completed, a response rate of 10%.	2
Since journal related factors are equal for all SAAs and no relationship has been observed between quantitative characteristics of authors’ careers and the impact of SAAs within the analysed dataset (see Fig.	5
The scales values range from 1 = Nothing to 4 = Very Much.	0
Core DPH journals were those journals listed in the Journal of Citation Reports at Thompson Reuters Web of Science (WoS; http://www.webofknowledge.com) in the category of 'Dentistry, Oral Surgery & Medicine' that contained words related to dental public health in their titles, and/or their scopes cover dental public health topics.	2
In this paper, the three indicators of frequency, development and investment appeal are used.	3
Table 4 shows that greater administrative barriers towards skilled workers and students reduce the volume of both incoming and outgoing knowledge flows, the coefficients on barriers are negative for both the citing and the cited countries.	4
A positive Spearman Rho correlation between the impact (ACI) of LA–C countries research on management and the variable collaboration was found rs = .133 p = .001, a medium effect according to Cohen (1988) guidelines for Social Sciences.	3
Russian international scientific collaboration in the field of energy is less intensive (10% less) than the average in all scientific areas (32%).	4
The leading journals were Diabetes, Diabetologia and Diabetes Care and they contributed 9.3%, 7.3% and 4.0% of the research yield, respectively.	4
These findings suggest that the assembly of multinational teams is naturally bounded and a self-organizing process.	5
Data were collected by country regarding the total number of publications, cumulative impact factors (IFs), publications per inhabitant, IFs per inhabitant, and number of RCTs, meta-analyses and systematic reviews per country in both periods.	3
Our datasets, therefore, comprised of 31 unique journals, 971 articles published by Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and 730,989 downloads/views of articles of these journals in 2015.	2
Gender homophily in research-intensive institutions proved stronger for males than for females.	4
We use three case studies from the published literature to illustrate this interpretation.	2
The Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) impact factor is a common criterion used for this purpose.	2
First, we analyzed the distribution of team size and lifespan over time for the NECTEC researchers network.	0
Along with the predictors above (Table 1), several dichotomous variables can be used to control for both country fixed effects—the higher (or lower) willingness to provide video abstracts by the authors based in a specific country—and year fixed effects—the higher (or lower) willingness to adopt video abstracts for the articles published in specific years.	3
This study compared the longitudinal research performance of 50 biological scientists who received the National Medal of Science (NMS) between 1995 and 2014 and who shared the honor of receiving a fellowship from the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.	1
We found that for their most recent article the junior cohort was significantly more likely than their senior peers to say that: (1) their contribution was greater than their coauthors and (2) at least one coauthor received credit when s/he did not deserve it.	4
Thus, the h index (0.54√N, where N is the total number of citations1), is about 1200; in other words, 1200 of Et Al's papers have each garnered at least 1200 citations.	4
For each of the institutions analyzed, papers were grouped into three mutually exclusive categories, based on the institutional addresses of the authors: (1) papers that only have a single institution (no inter-institutional collaboration), (2) papers that have at least two Brazilian institutions (national collaboration), and (3) papers that have at least two institutions from at least two different countries (international collaboration), one of which is Brazil.	3
The scientific production of the Spanish IRs in the last 6 years is difficult to interpret.	5
We use disambiguated data as a proxy of ground-truth to test the performance of three types of initial-based disambiguation.	1
We also confirm that English-speaking countries dominate the scenario in terms of number of publications and that states such as Spain and the Netherlands benefit from the Emerging Source Citation Index.	4
Comparing the percentage of high scores in papers with different languages and continents, it can be concluded that most Altmetric.com scores were biased to the English language and North America, in particular.	5
It is time to stop and reflect: where will we end up?	0
b Providing a link to a publicly available database that the reader can readily check is good practice.	0
We rely on the PATSTAT database of the European Patent Office (EPO) (cf.	2
The AAS was not correlated with TC numbers in the ACL research.	4
1 Alliance Manchester Business School, The University of Manchester, Booth Street East, Manchester M13 9SS, UK	0
Their collaboration rate on COVID-19 is higher than during the past five-years as well as on non-COVID-19 articles published during 2020.	4
Figure 1: Distribution of citers of the Nigerian predatory medical open access journals	0
The scientometric bubble is unethical and harmful for science.	5
The aim of this study is to propose a new method by examining the research performance of universities with multi-criteria decision making (MCDM) methods.	1
Furthermore, our results show that experts in different countries may have contradictory opinions on the prestige of a publisher.	4
Drawing on the classification of all Italian professors in their research fields, from the raw data of the WoS publications over the period 2012–2016, and applying an algorithm for reconciliation of the author's affiliation and disambiguation of their precise identity, we attribute each publication to the university researcher that produced it10 (D'Angelo, Giuffrida, & Abramo, 2011).	2
2012–2016 scientific publications are analyzed, in the 218 research fields where bibliometric assessment is appropriate.	2
As a result, the promising research frontiers from the patent knowledge map are related to development (D) themes and promising research frontiers from scientific paper knowledge map are related to the research (R) themes.	4
7 The reader should not confuse the italicized LCSH term Science with the equivalent journal.	0
Employing a multi-layered approach, including key informant interviews, researchers determined the frequency and the content of ethical publishing policies and procedures in library and information science journals; exploring the ways the lack of, or non-adherence to these policies and procedures impacted library and information science researchers in instances of editorial misconduct.	3
This becomes even more problematic for contemporary cases of emerging technologies (Rotolo et al., 2015), notwithstanding the challenges associated with terminology changes and differing levels of coverage in data sets (Hopkins & Siepel, 2013).	0
OA journals were investigated as above, but they received additional analysis.	3
The countries included in this study are as follows: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, and Sweden.	2
After applying Author Name Disambiguation method (Strotmann et al., 2009; Zhao and Strotmann, 2011, p.	3
The median (IQR [range]) time to first or only publication was 3 (2–4 [0-9]) years.	4
Objective: We investigated the inter-rater reliability of Web of Science (WoS) and Scopus when calculating the h-index of 25 senior scientists in the Clinical Epidemiology Program of the Ottawa Hospital Research Institute.	1
The authors would like to thank an anonymous reviewer for the helpful comments.	0
National orientation of Ukrainian journals was defined drawing on an Index of National Orientation of Publications (INO-P) and an Index of National Orientation of Citations (INO-C) developed by Moed et al (2020; see also Moed 2005).	3
The results so far suggest that because of the quite distinct citation rates for both document types, analyses that are supposed to consider both document types better do this in a separate reporting.	5
Across all these analyses, a larger theme emerges: Although disaggregating DoL comes at the expense of increased complexity as well as data requirements compared to aggregate considerations, it allows us to gain qualitatively different insights.	5
More specifically we examined 303,255 documents in the Psychology category of the Science Citation Index Expanded database of the Web of Science (updated on 06 July, 2016).	2
It is crucial to address funding challenges and foster a supportive research culture to enhance the research environment in Nepal.	5
Results from our study indicate that authors with higher levels of productivity are associated with higher coauthor totals.	5
In all the aforementioned classifications, in order to test if the observed frequency of each category differs from the expected frequency (admitting that all categories would have similar frequency), we used a Chi-Square test.	3
Yes, the decisions are closer to senior reviewers’ scores in the non-anonymous condition than when anonymous (n = 484, p = 0.04).	4
Osteosarcoma, the most common primary bone cancer, can be difficult to treat, especially in patients with metastatic disease.	1
The technological foundations of CG were formed, first, by a group of basic technologies in three areas: computation, electronics, and image production.	4
The 4 journals selected for analysis were those affiliated with the 3 major orthopedic foot and ankle societies; Foot and Ankle International (FAI)/American Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Society (AOFAS); Foot and Ankle Surgery (FAS)/European Foot and Ankle Society and The Foot/British Foot and Ankle Society, and one podiatric surgical journal affiliated with a major college was also included; Journal of Foot and Ankle Surgery? (JFAS)/American College of Foot and Ankle Surgeons.	2
In bibliometric analysis, thematic evolution mapping is carried out.	3
Our analysis of the ERA ranked journal list shows that only 8.5% women are authors of single-authored publications in A* journals, a deviation of -21.3% from the average, while there is a deviation of +20.9% in the low-ranked category C.	4
The experimental results yielded search results with better accuracy than when user intention was not considered, confirming the effectiveness of the proposed method.	4
In summary, with combining the theories of philosophy of science into data-driven technologies, we find that the concept of Sharpless' click chemistry derives from his continuous efforts on reactivity, which aims to simplicity, connectivity and practicality.	5
To test for change in the number of participants in research groups between pre-COVID-19 and COVID-19 periods, we use double-tailed T-tests to compare the average "team” structure between periods.	3
Acknowledgments The authors would like to thank Vincent Larivière for his guidance and insights as well as Stefanie Haustein for her helpful advices.	0
The coverage ratio of the MPs, i.e., the share of nodes falling within the MPs' coverage, can complement the assessment of MP representativeness alongside qualitative evaluation and/or using proxies.	5
Hierarchical cluster analysis led to the creation of eight topical clusters, including among others “Biomechanics ergonomics”, “Work-related MSDs & work system design”, and “Performance”.	4
Publications on plant and animal improvement grew significantly, unlike the “other” category that showed equity over the years, possibly explained by the increase in food demand and the creation of new technologies.	5
Butler (2003a,b, 2004) found that Australian output generally increased after the implementation of the funding model for almost a decade, with the largest increases in the lowest two journal impact quartiles.	4
These results strengthen Hypothesis 1, that science in Brazil possesses a certain degree of interdisciplinary, from the standpoint of academic genealogy.	5
The population studied consists of all members (academic full-time staff) of all the accredited sociology, political sciences and marketing departments in the Romanian universities at the time of the research (the raw data were collected step-wise between October 2012–April 2013, first for political science, then for sociology and, finally, for marketing.	2
Studies on "science at the periphery" are still few and far between in spite of the growing interest on this topic in recent years.1	0
With regard to the second explanation, although the co-citation criterion is convenient when identifying potential citing papers that awoke the SBs, it is not the only criterion.	5
Purposively, Indian Agricultural Research Institute (IARI), New Delhi was selected among the high performing institutes (HPIs) and Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology (CSAUA&T), Kanpur among the low performing institutes (LPIs).	2
In this article, we investigate whether the distribution of medical research priorities and investment in medical research, across diseases in Africa, is related to the disease burden of local populations between 2006 and 2015.	1
All three options will be tested in the next section to identify the most appropriate version.	0
The level of evidence included 5 categories broadly based on information from the Oxford Centre for Evidence-Based Medicine.	3
The chosen informants represent different disciplines in the humanities.	2
This study thus examines the relationship between article papers as academic knowledge and patents as technological activity, using non-patent references.	1
It was found that the intersections of external disciplines and pivots of internal topics for LIS can be identified by the utilization of TI value and Bet values.	5
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00-00, 2017	0
For 2013, Altmetrics score analysis demonstrated a significant, positive correlation with citation number (r = 0.462, P < 0.0001) and journal impact factor (r = 0.439, P < 0.0001).	4
Despite extensive data dredging, we were unable to find anything statistically significant.	4
Delving into the underlying mechanisms, the analysis reveals that big data policies can promote sustainable urban development by increasing venture capital, attracting talent, and fostering technology agglomeration in pilot cities.	4
Based on patent classification and prior art backward citations, the new methodology used here has helped identify the technologies at the origin of CG.	5
As Google Scholar on its own is not very suitable for bibliometric analyses, Publish or Perish (PoP) (Harzing 2007) was used to collect citation data from Google Scholar.	3
It begins by outlining the main data-based tendencies in global science; and then presents and reviews four contrasting narratives of global science prominent in the scholarly literature and/or policy-making and public discussion: global science as a collaborative network, as an arms race between national governments, as a market of 'World-Class Universities', and as a world systems hierarchy controlled by a Euro-American global centre.	1
The vignettes illustrate the fruitfulness that can come from combining critical security studies’ analytic capacity for understanding political and organizational work being done in the name of security with STS’s current advances in engagement methodology and its long-standing skillset in analyzing the social within the technical and scientific.	5
This study combines longitudinal data on 170 countries between 2008 and 2017 from the Varieties of Democracy Institute, World Bank Indicators, Scopus, and Web of Science bibliometric data.	2
Recibido: 04-19-23; 2a versión: 07-02-24; Aceptado: 23-02-24; Fecha de publicación: 16-10-2024	0
Figure 3 further describes how much participants learned during the sessions.	0
The examples clarify that URAP-TR ranking methodology fairly balances the effectiveness of productivity and total contribution by combining size-independent and size-dependent measures of academic performance.	4
In just a decade, the international university rankings have become dominant measures of institutional performance for policy-makers worldwide.	1
The work identifies the leading journals in health research through a bibliometric approach.	5
Almost half of the respondents (48%) rated “Seeking expertise that you lack” as “Very Important”; this deciding motivator was also the top factor when “Important” and “Very Important” ratings were coupled (85%).	4
The ratio of authors to articles was 3.48 in 2005, 4.06 in 2006, and 5.59 in 2007.	4
Krishna is grateful to Princeton University for support as a Kenen Research Fellow during 2006–2007.	0
Received: 30 October 2021 / Accepted: 3 May 2022 / Published online: 18 June 2022	0
The practice of IL training is most present in academic and universities libraries and universities (Table 7: University libraries, Universities & colleges, Higher education, Academic libraries).	5
We also examine whether the field productivity distributions show a fractal nature, which reveals an exception more than a rule.	4
The Prehospital and Disaster Medicine journal published the most articles (636; 7.0%).	4
The total number of academic members rose from 9610 to 12447.	4
Finally, we applied a Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, since most of the variables were not normally distributed.	3
However, our results failed to support Hypothesis 4a and Hypothesis 4b, both of which posited that popular tags facilitate author networks by increasing knowledge popularity.	4
Center for Studies of Information Resources, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430072, People’s Republic of China	0
The results back previous results on the pivotal role of scientific collaboration in bolstering research capabilities, particularly for emerging economies such as Cuba.	5
In order to overcome this bias, the normalized evaluation indicator method was employed.	5
From Table 4, it can be seen that although Q4 has the lowest mean and median and the highest intragroup variation, the differences between the quartile means were not statistically significant (Table 2).	0
Acknowledgement texts from the WoS Core Collection were used for the following analysis.	2
Out of 3,547 articles identified, only 142 articles fulfilled the eligibility criteria; therefore, the total number of publications in the SEA region related to MS/ NMOSD was deemed low in quantity.	4
This article has attempted to outline some of the deficiencies of current efforts to evaluate journal quality – specifically highlighting issues with the impact factor and predatory blacklists and whitelists.	5
In general, AP learning and instruction research is growing and has been recognized by other authors, boding well for further growth.	5
Finally, we create a stochastic model that helps explain how institutions and research collaborations form and grow.	3
The third part analyses whether the countries research preferences (measured through the Relative Activity Index in subject areas) have a repercussion on scientific production.	4
(iv) RQ4: What are the main topics and subtopics of Iranian publications on COVID-19 in LitCovid based on the topic modeling algorithm?	1
We investigated the use of research citations in childhood obesity prevention policy documents from New South Wales (NSW), Australia, considering the feasibility and value of using research citation as a proxy measure of research impact.	1
The top 20 AJNR authors publish nearly equally in radiology and nonradiology journals.	5
authors with other authors, organizations with other organizations, countries/regions with other countries/regions by the number of publications) as a measure of collaboration.	3
aThe results refer to the respondents answering “Agree” or “Completely agree.”	0
The events most positively associated with new knowledge generation are growing (Figure 10b) and merging (Figure 10e).	4
Multiple negative binomial regression is used to conduct the analyses since the dependent variables are count variables (Hilbe, 2014).	3
The regression analysis revealed a statistically significant and positive association between EB diversity and diversity of first author's country of origin (β = 0.609; p < .01) and country of data collection (β = 0.471; p < .01).	4
They are: Web of Science (WOS), Scopus, Science Direct Online, Emerald, Springer Link, IEEExplore, Academic Search Premier—(ASP EBSCO), Scielo, Sage Pub, Taylor & Francis, Oxford University Press, Cambridge University Press.	2
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
Our results show how co-authorship with an SC author results in a medium-term career advantage with no difference by gender.	5
Overall, this suggests that several factors together may disadvantage female researchers, as these have less opportunities to develop into a high productive researcher.	5
These are as follows: Tehran University of Medical Sciences Journal of Dentistry, Tehran University Journal of Dental Medicine, Shahid Beheshti Medical Sciences University Journal of the Dental School, Journal of Dentistry of Shiraz University of Medical Sciences, Journal of Mashhad Dental School, and The Journal of Islamic Dental Association of Iran.	0
The aim of this study is to compare the Web of Science and Scopus databases using descriptive statistics to identify differences in publication coverage and the quality measures for our School of Nursing faculty publications.	1
Additionally, we used the network analysis tool Vos viewer to visually represent the connections between the articles and writers.	3
to use the identified arguments to develop a categorization of arguments for counting methods for publication and citation indicators.	1
Therefore, these results provide strong support for policies aiming at the internationalization of the local scientific communities involving funding and alliances with Northern countries.	5
The framework for examining the time lag between the publication of a pioneering scientific work and its conferment with a Nobel Prize is expressed as follows:	3
Clicking the option "Times cited", the search results were then arranged, which provided the articles ranked by citation times.	3
It is alarming to note that 79.73% of articles had one or endogeneity threats (note that we did not code the meta-analyses for endogeneity because this would have required coding all articles included in each meta-analysis).	4
Because our first dependent variable, the nature of the research, is a binary variable, we employ a probit regression model, the results of which are reported in Table 9.	3
In particular, we believe that acknowledgements can hold a noteworthy symbolic value in the humanities for bringing to the foreground communications and interactions among scientists that model knowledge creation that, otherwise, would remain invisible through traditional indicators.	1
Institutions contribute, weighted by the number of authors: In this model, all institutions mentioned as affiliations contribute to the cost of a publication, but the individual amount depends on the number of authors from the particular institution.	3
2011 ASIS&T Published online 24 October 2011 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
Respondents were asked to provide answers with reference to the use of blogs and micro-blog services like Twitter; general social network sites like Facebook; professional and academic social networking services like LinkedIn, ResearchGate, and Academia.edu; content sharing and multimedia services like podcasts, wikis, YouTube, and Vimeo; and SlideShare.	2
Journal impact factor (JIF) proposed by Web of Science is also considered.	3
The performance analysis and science mapping analysis of the journal are based on 527 papers that have been searched and their relative information derived from WoS.	2
As shown in Table 3, 1.8394 % of the total global publications (i.e., 147,115) and 0.886 % of the total global citations (i.e., 931, 264) (excluding self-citations) of the Scopus database are contributed by SEA countries.	4
In sum, our bibliometric analyses are based on 480 valid publication lists (63.3%).	2
A quantitative analysis of the document types shows that proceedings papers and journal articles have the highest and similar citation counts to ACM Digital Library, Engineering Village, and IEEE Xplore, whereas MathSciNet is mainly cited in articles.	4
Finally, we discuss several indicators which could be used to verify that a researcher is close to the threshold to enter the list.	1
Therefore, in our model we assume that the probabilities of a quality outcome given a reviewer's effort (either high or low), ps and qs, satisfy that a higher-quality outcome for the review process is a more reliable indicator that the reviewer exerted high effort eH rather than low effort eL, i.e., the monotone likelihood ratio property (MLRP)	3
The publisher shall not be liable for any loss, actions, claims, proceedings, demand, or costs or damages whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with or arising out of the use of this material.	0
Of the 62.4% who received analgesia, NRS at baseline was 5.9 (2.5).	4
For the analysis cumulative citation data of Nobel Prize winning articles of the following 5 authors were used: (1) Lee and Yang (1956), (2) Aubert et al.	2
A remarkable result is that the h-index is weakly sensitive even to significant changes in the C values of the papers of interest.	5
It focuses on research performance of the field from the beginning of 1965 to the end of 2012 and analyzed publications, citations, and impact factors of four key creativity journals.	1
the optimal journal ranking), and thus allows comparative statics with respect to model parameters.	1
The presence of a (semi-)colon in the title was compared using the Chi square test.	3
Despite this, nursing research is still in its infancy, lagging in quantity and quality compared to developed countries.	5
This study significantly adds to the scant corpus of literature examining the efficacy of strategies to distribute peer-reviewed content.	5
This paper examines the impact of winning the Fields Medal on the postmedal productivity and research choices of mathematicians.	1
First, publications were extracted from the databases and organised by document type and country.	3
Three years into the implementation, approximately 35 percent of faculty have logged in to Elements from their own accounts, and close to 80 percent have had their publications and profiles updated with the assistance of delegates or research managers.	4
Range = range of citations in a group; N = articles in a category; % = proportion of articles in a category; Peak = peak year for citations; Slope = standardized slope of the regression line from peak year to Year 25; Decline = percentage decline in citations from peak year to Year 25.	0
The primary goal of our analysis is to test the hypothesis that the gender homophily observed in the existing scholarly corpus can be fully explained by the varying gender representation across intellectual communities and time.	1
The average publication date for all items was 2002, with a median publication date of 2005.	4
Nonetheless, there is evidence of a gender gap in authorships, citations, and awards.	5
These findings could help scholars and decision-makers understand the current status and likely future trends of the Chinese HSS research, and help them select the most appropriate collaboration partners and policies.	5
TABLE 1 Percentage of R&D personnel relative to employees for four chemical combinesa	0
The results imply that making the metadata available in the user's systems, the infrastructure used on a daily basis, ensures the best results.	5
The number of direct connections (or “degree”) in the GC was correlated with research productivity such that high-degree authors were almost twice as productive as low-degree authors.	4
In particular, our work builds on the four fundamental questions pertaining to interdisciplinarity:	1
This was also the practice employed in the construction of the monumental Catalogue of Scientific Papers prepared by the Royal Society of London (see Csiszar 2017, 37).	2
However, the results suggest that the effects of the policy changes have yet to materialize into distinct improvements in women's participation and performance in science.	5
Results show a steady growth of the field in the region (especially in Spain, Colombia, Mexico, Argentina and Brazil).	4
As discussed in the introduction, the audit is performed on 10 ‘leading' scholarly journals in economics that either explicitly focus on Africa and/or whose subject matter is of relevance to the continent.	2
With Clarivate's Web of Science, Scopus is the main reference for bibliometric analysis due to its wide coverage, and quality criteria to select and index journals (it includes more than 21,000 peer-reviewed journals and more than 83,000 conferences).	2
109L900204) from The Featured Areas Research Center Program within the framework of the Higher Education Sprout Project by the Ministry of Education (MOE) in Taiwan, and by the Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST), Taiwan, under Grant No.	0
We asked the following five questions to identify 'breaks' in the pipelines between stakeholder domains in order to generate ideas for how to fix them.	1
Disciplines are ordered as they appear in the Frascati classification scheme.	0
Looking at the origin of the fake papers, it is striking that nearly all of them were from China (91.7%).	4
"Data collection and validation methods" section describes the data collection process and the method used to verify the new indicator;	0
To summarize the key findings, a 'typical' edtech HCA is a Western-based review article or quantitative research paper reporting positive findings from higher education, published in a high-impact factor general edtech journal by a major publisher.	4
We used the rscopus: Scopus Database Application Programming Interface (API) (Muschelli, 2021) package for R (R Core Team, 2020) to automatically obtain bibliographic data from the Scopus database based on programming scripts (Montoya et al.</PERSON>, 2018).	3
Global Research Institute of Paris (GRIP), Université de Paris, 45 rue des Saints-Pères, 75006 Paris, France	0
Any initiative to deal efficiently with the problem of plagiarism would require a joint effort of academic publishers and editors.	1
We looked at research collaborations between two major regions-the European Research Area (ERA) and LAC-that addressed both biodiversity and climate change.	1
We observe the 2012–2016 scientific production,1 indexed in WoS and authored by Italian university professors in the sciences, for purposes of verifying the existence of a relation between the character of a publication (specialized or diversified) and the type of collaboration that produced it.	2
We focus on external grant funding receipt as an early stage milestone.	1
The simple ratio of exergy to energy can be viewed as the third component of performance: namely, the consistency term η = X/E.	3
Summarizing the present data it can be stated traffic medicine-related research productivity grows annually.	5
To overcome the difficulty in making cross RPYS comparisons, we rank-transformed the deviation data shown in Fig.	3
While replication and further study are needed, these data suggest that cross-publisher article recommendations via TrendMD may enhance citations of scholarly articles.	5
English as a language of publication has remained a prime medium of communication for authors.	4
Statistical analysis was accomplished utilizing SPSS 18 (SPSS Inc., Chicago IL).	3
The Citation Tracker function was then used to generate the bibliographic database and derive total number of publications, total number of citations, and h index for each individual.	3
This paper analyzes whether funding agencies may be biased against diverse teams.	1
Our interviews suggest that tradeoffs are at play in that pursuing one course of action can create as many problems as it seeks to resolve.	5
The main finding is that the research capacity is basic requirement to increase the modified impact factor and the main factors influencing research performance through IJR are the network size and the number of contact in this research.	4
Building on existing approaches, we introduced with this study a theoretically and methodologically refined approach for the ex post evaluation of research centers.	5
In a gender perspective, however, the use of such proxies may entail adverse consequences.	5
Higher proportion of subscription journals had mean RNIF above 0.5: 361 of 1,073 OA journals (33.6%) and 3,857 of 7,280 subscription journals (52.9%) had a 2-year mean RNIF above 0.5 and 277 of 811 OA journals (34.2%) and 3,453 of 6705 (51.5%) subscription journals had a 5-year mean RINF above 0.5.	4
My hand-collected data include 1460 individuals and covers virtually every foreign faculty born after 1944 who has been affiliated with a US Ph.D.-granting chemistry, chemical engineering or biochemistry department any time between 1993 and 2007.	2
Nestedness is measured by the overlap and decreasing fill (NODF) (63) method.	3
The data used in this article come from the submission data provided on the REF2014 (REF 2014), including the number of FTE staff submitted, the total number of PGR completions, and the amount of external research income generated by submitting units in the period between 1 August 2008 and 31 July 2013.	2
Multiple regression analyses required transforming demographic information into dichotomous variables.	3
Among the 2,295 innovative ideas judged manually, 1,991 were extracted by the automatic method; thus, the recall was 86.8%.	4
All authors have materially participated in the research and article preparation.	0
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
The patents were collected from Thomson Reuters Derwent patent database using the same search strategy and time span as the publications.	2
The two types of co-occurrence relationships, Immunology and Microbiology & Medicine and Chemical Engineering & Chemistry, last for a long time in this field during 1990–2020.	4
Our analysis uses journal-level data from thousands of journals indexed by Scopus.	2
Before describing the full process in detail, it is useful to discuss co-citation weighting schemes.	0
The basic aim of this case study is to test whether the patterns of stress related research in tree species depended on their cultivation status (i.e.	1
Supplementary material related to this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.joi.2019.03.014.	0
The academic status findings add to the previously known national and seniority biases in Mendeley by showing that its data is unfair to narrow specialisms that rarely use Mendeley if they are analysed together with similar specialisms that use it more often.	5
The three h indices for each department, along with relative rankings based on the respective indices, are shown in Table 3.	0
Total publication points for the higher education sector in Norway have risen from 8,883 in 2005 to 15,190 in 2012, amounting to a 71% increase over the period.	4
In this case, 85 leading information systems (IS) researchers are considered in the data sample [24].	2
The main path of the articles citation network is shown in Figure 4 and it comprises five articles, which are labelled with the first author’s surname and publication year.	4
Then, I suggest that the best way forward is to complement this movement with other science funding policies, including lotteries (Section 6).	3
In this paper, we introduce two underlying scientific properties of a paper to explain this paper's highly-cited or un-cited probability: scientific relatedness and intellectual base.	1
Note: The number after a country represents the amplitude of movement.	0
Received 25 August 2023; Received in revised form 27 October 2023; Accepted 3 December 2023	0
The data have been kindly provided by CNRS Human Resources administration: it is a pleasure to thank Y.	0
No correction for the difference of growth rate amongst fields : growing areas are favoured, just as in the straight impact factor, and unlike the cited-side normalized JIF.	4
The top-cited 25 articles (citations >85) were examined in detail and characterized by the journals published, year of publication, and citations received.	3
Our goal is to quantitatively describe the interplay between viral dynamics and the B cell response in the early phase of WNV infection.	1
While the number of landmark articles published in a journal (as measured by the so-called H-index) increases the journal's reputation, an increase in the H-index even tends to decrease a journal's perceived relevance, as long as this is not simultaneously reflected in a higher Handelsblatt and/or GEA rating.	4
The purpose of this study was to determine whether authorship order—as measured by first author publications, citations to first author publications, and the first author h-index-plays a significant role in scholarly productivity.	1
In this paper, we focus on questionable publishing practices, an undertaking prompted by the findings of the Sloan-funded Harbingers-2 study (Nicholas et al., 2023a).	1
We recommend that journals implement a large keyword limit to enhance discoverability.	5
Salami slicing is the most common form of redundancy, with no proper cross-referencing in most cases.	5
India, the United States and Japan had the most articles from 119 involved countries.	4
(2014), Serenko and Bontis (2013), Serenko and Dohan (2011), and Tahai and Meyer (1999)	0
The necessary percentile data for a researcher's citation impact analysis are currently not available in Scopus (Elsevier) or Web of Science (Clarivate Analytics).	2
In the context of expansion of doctoral training and publication promotion policy, the purpose of this study is to better understand PhD students' publication requirements in China, as well as their characteristics (number of publications, journal impact factors, and author position), with an emphasis on whether SCI-indexed papers are mandatory or associated with a financial reward.	1
For publishing, relevance to the field was the most important factor when choosing a place to publish.	4
Our main result is that a small amount of homophilous bias makes a big difference regarding which paradigm prevails.	5
We also conducted an exploratory factor analysis of 160 most highly cited authors by traditional counting to determine whether natural groupings would emerge from these rankings.	3
Note: Weighted articles – a single-author will be credited with a score of 1 for the school of affiliation.	0
Mendeley readership counts were extracted for each article May 7-17, 2015 using Webometric Analyst (http://lexiurl.wlv.ac.uk).	2
The framework draws on theories of trust and on findings from previous research of how academic web profiles are constructed and of researchers' perceptions of credibility and trust of relevance to online (re)presentations.	2
We also created a visual map of the clusters using the OpenOrd layout routine13 and cluster-level relatedness.	3
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
Figure 1 presents the distribution of articles published each year in our 16 SSH categories.	0
Do pair matching of g m i (Ki) and g n j (Kj) and calculate the the percentage of g m i (Ki) > g n j (Kj).	3
which permits non-commercial re-use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The citations for all articles published in the first 30 volumes of Agribusiness are shown in Table 2 to indicate what material from the journal is being used by others in their research.	3
Therefore, only 3701 journal articles were further analyzed in this study.	2
This may apply to the reports of (combined) Working Groups of the European Society of Cardiology and of the American College of Cardiology or the American Heart Association [5–7].	0
The search for experts through relevant citation paths using the collaborative approach achieved the best performance, with an AP value of 0.9, even when the network was in an initial state (very few participants and very few votes).	4
Removing all citation occurrences in the Background and Literature Review sections and uni-citations in the Introduction section appears to provide a good balance between filtration and error rates.	4
If too much research information is provided, some of it is not as useful for recommending acceptance, the average informativeness per research attribute evaluation is too low, and reviewers end up recommending rejection.	4
Most importantly, there is a striking correlation (coefficient 0.90) between first-authorship (“au.key”) and single-authorship (“au.solo”).	4
Using purposive sampling and considering the theoretical saturation of the data, 15 faculty members participated in the present study.	2
In total, 5,193 traffic medicine-associated items were produced between 1900 and 2008.	4
The CAN is an un-directed network representing collaboration between scholars.	3
The other important factor is that working as an interpreter is a far more lucrative enterprise than teaching, so the professional market will always lure new graduates away from academia.	5
Interesting phenomena of the empirical data are the transitions emerged in degree distributions P(k), average local clustering coefficient and average degree of neighbors as functions of degree (C(k), N(k)).	4
The hard truth is that the problem of excessive scientific parameterization and Quantophrenia has been perpetrated by scientists themselves (Johnston 2013).	5
Bibliometrics is statistical analysis of written publications and is defined as the application of mathematics and statistics to books and other means of communication to assess and rank academic performance.	3
Database indexing also was associated with variation in citation count.	4
In this framework, the present study analyses the situation of Ibero-American radio studies from the perspective of their scientific community.	1
We believe it is better not to modify the concept of keywords defined and selected by the authors, since this will avoid unnecessary debates.	0
Second, we examine how division of labor is related to the interdisciplinarity of the team.	1
The sample population comprised pediatric residents who graduated from the Medical University of Marseille in France over a 20-year period (1996-2015).	2
The impact index was then calculated for each manuscript.	3
The SMJ authorship pattern between 1980 and 2014 is presented in Table 2.	4
The 5-year JIF and the h-index are moderately correlated in the field of Health Care Sciences and Services (y=0.752, P<0.01), which explains the discrepancies in the rankings based on the two indicators.	4
One limitation of the authors' method, Abramo notes, is that they lumped applicants from broad disciplines together, even though factors such as number of publications can vary drastically depending on subfield.	5
The research describes the mapping of 11,820 JASIS papers to the landscape of knowledge sciences.	2
What are the causes of conference papers having many readers compared to citations or vice versa?	1
Co-word cluster map of author keywords that occurred at least three times is shown with the label view in Figure 1 based on author keywords co-occurrence relationships.	3
STATA 12.1 statistical software package was used (StataCorp, College Station, Tex).	0
Brazil was the largest producer of scientific articles, and receptor of citations, in neurosciences in 1998-2017, followed by Mexico.	4
Based on the Journal Citation Reports accessed on November 18, 2014, we identified 31 journals indexed in the “Medical Laboratory Technology" subject category.	2
2 The stop word list of the USPTO is designed in the context of specialised patent jargon, but we use it also for other types of documents for reasons of consistency.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 962 times since 2011*	0
In this study, the data on citations and altmetrics were collected from all types of research articles published in Nature Communications (32,350 articles, see Annex 2) from April 1, 2016, to April 30, 2022, and in PLoS One (43,501 articles, see Annex 3) from July 11, 2019, to April 30, 2022.	2
A combination of a quantitative method (bibliometric techniques) and a qualitative method (peer-review) can improve the overall assessment for this kind of academic openings.	5
Each institution's repository was reviewed to determine the software platform, if it was self-hosted or software as a service, and if the repository was a service of the individual library or part of a larger consortium.	3
(1) Justice and access-to-care issues associated with rolling out new interventions.	0
The absence of a consistent difference for job satisfaction suggests that people tended to consider the higher salaries to be an equivalent trade for the relatively higher number of work hours required for teamwork.	4
For example, if there is a hyperlink on page Z that points to page X, then page X has an inlink.	0
A greater proportion of the articles highlighted in our study was retracted due to fraudulent data and plagiarism and may reflect the changing pattern of retraction.	5
To resolve this problem we use elastic-net regularization which is useful when there are multiple features which are correlated with one another (collinear)27.	3
To test for relationships between author gender and citations, we analyze author and citation data extracted from Clarivate Analytics Web of Science (WoS) for all journal articles published between 2009 and 2015 in journals categorized in the domain of ecology.	2
The authors are grateful to Li-xiang Li, Fei-Cheng Ma, Gerard Joseph White, Hassan Dib and Nathan D.	0
2, DescriptiveBC performs better than BC in all evaluation criteria, with statistically significant performance improvements in MAP (p < 0.005), Average P@1 (p < 0.05), Average P@5 (p < 0.005), and Average P@10 (p < 0.005).	4
Against this theoretical background, we investigate the role played by an important example of popularization media in the field of management, the Harvard Business Review, in management discourse.	1
We considered coauthorship of a published RCT to indicate collaboration.	2
Experimental studies were less likely to have statistically significant results (OR 0.25 (CI 0.13 to 0.48), p≤0.001) compared with observational studies.	4
Of the 1000 publications, 805 were journal articles published in 220 different journals.	4
Ecopreneurship is an emerging field of research connecting ecology and entrepreneurship together, making it a potential research area.	5
(There is only one article that has more than 9 authors; it has 11 authors.)	0
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
Por fim, a área de Quimiometria, com cerca de cinquenta anos, está madura, com número de publica??es e forma??o de recursos humanos, mas nota-se que n?o se alcan?ou um plat?	5
We start from a list of biomedical research articles retracted during a period that spans the years 1980 to 2009.	2
To cherish the memory of Professor Liu and in praise of his scientific thoughts and scientific spirit, we explored his academic career rhythm based on our rhythm indicator of science.	1
Research question 1 (RQ1) was examined by analyzing the shares of international, national, and single-author papers for the whole sample set, for individual journals, and for each region.	0
The RD analysis indicates that an early-career near miss on average led to a 12.6% chance of disappearing permanently from the NIH system over the next ten years (see Methods section).	4
For the approximately 7 million scholarly tweets in our dataset, we retrieved their engagement metrics (i.e., number of likes, retweets, quotes, and replies received) with the Twitter API in February 2021.	2
Three aspects of ranking stability in the 2007–2014 period were analyzed: temporal, cross-discipline, and cross-indicator.	1
Three metrics used in these analyses were the h-index, the age-weighted citation rate (AWCR), and the per-author AWCRPA developed by Harzing.	3
Competitiveness predicted depth positively, whereas conscientiousness predicted breadth negatively.	4
EC Supplemental Figures 3 and 4 and Tables 4, 5, and 6 are available with the online version of this journal.	0
This study aimed to evaluate the academic contribution of emergency departments (EDs) in Taiwan by analysing scientific publications during the past 20 years.	1
The data comes from a set of 27 information schools (a.k.a, iSchools) in the United States collected from November to December 2014.	2
RQ1 - Social Dimension: To what extent is the field of IS research, as measured by its collaborative production structures, marked by lateral and hierarchical fragmentation?	1
This study indicated that female faculty were less likely to publish in peer-reviewed journals than their male counterparts.	4
Drawing on 54 semi-structured interviews, our findings reveal that free-riding in academic co-authorship is a widespread problem in Iran and India, though less pronounced in selected developed countries.	2
Multiple regression analysis was used in the empirical analysis.	3
The percentage of funded surgeons significantly increased from 2010 (0.5%) to 2020 (0.7%) (p < 0.05), and the percentage of funded other physicians significantly decreased from 2.2% in 2010 to 1.6% in 2020 (p < 0.05).	4
We then sorted the results by 'Publication Date (most recent first),' and selected the first 50 dissertations for the study.	2
We identified five dimensions of publication counting methods for a national research evaluation exercise: (1) unit of assessment, (2) counting method, (3) institution limit, (4) researcher limit, and (5) point scale.	3
This study explores how readers allocated attention across preprints in the initial months of the COVID-19 pandemic, a time when there was an increase in demand for new research and a corresponding increase in the use of preprint platforms around the world.	1
Methods for reviewing research, such as systematic reviews and syntheses, are becoming increasingly common in conservation.	1
A list of all the current plastic surgery units in the UK and Ireland were obtained from the British Association of Plastic Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeon's (BAPRAS) website.	2
The time transition of in-degree centrality is still useful for detecting the emerging leading papers when we focus on the second largest component.	5
According to the present study, the primary reason for the predatory turn in the publishing industry in Pakistan is competition to accumulate more symbolic capital (Bourdieu 1977, 1991).	5
Our results revealed that 208 (88.5%) of 235 so-called recognized international papers were published in hijacked/predatory journals.	4
As our study shows, access to knowledge is not the only, or most important constraint on knowledge-intensive social and economic activities at the peripheries.	5
A content analysis of the policy documents examined where and how research was cited in the documents and the context of citation for individual research publications.	3
Still in its current implementation, we believe Academic Tracker can significantly reduce the stress and hassle of reporting publications to federal funding agencies, reducing the chance for accidental non-compliance and resulting delay in funding.	5
After initial consultations with the researchers, we identified three questions for analysis centered on Duke pain researchers:	1
Through the analysis on the two different tier journal lists, the paper concluded that research topics in the most recent LIS journals were associated with the emerging technological and conceptual trends in the field, including the digital mode transitioning, user-centered design concept, and data governance and librarianship.	5
In particular, we systematically compare the classification of SSH journals based on expert panels with the score assigned to individual articles published in the same journals by completely independent assessors.	3
In conclusion, characteristics of COVID-19 papers differed from those of non-COVID-19 papers published in the first months of the pandemic.	5
Out of the 236 referenced statements assessed, 126 statements (53.4%) contained references that directly provided access to the empirical evidence required to support the statement.	4
Statistical analysis was carried out using Mann-Whitney U test.	3
The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not reflect the view of the National Institutes of Health, the Department of Health and Human Services, or the United States government.	0
The research student was the first author on 43% of the overall 224 papers, and 90% were original articles.	4
For statistical purposes we will assume equal credit for each author, so the total citation counts should be distributed equally among the authors.	3
The objective of this study was to analyze the research productivity originating in Turkey using articles published in the top 40 orthopedic journals according to the Journal Citation Reports for 2013.	1
Despite a higher charge, hybrid journal articles are shown to be more cost-effective for increased readership, citations, and social media attention than open journals of the paid OpAcc types that were analyzed.	5
When the log t test is applied to per capita scientific papers for a sample of 121 countries around the world over the period 2003–2016, the hypothesis of overall convergence is rejected at the 5% significance level.	4
Our main goal is to study and assess their scientific performance, and determine whether these stable structures obtain better results than the non-network centres.	1
However, as was shown above, the results of search using the "Affiliation search" option are substantially different from the true results.	5
Results indicate that collaboration between scientifically advanced institutions (Central) and a wide range of national institutions is a consequence of the social character of science in Cuba in which cooperation prevails.	4
The weight of every indicator is calculated according to a selected weighting algorithm, e.g.	3
A structured coding instrument was used to collate descriptive information about each policy document, including policy document title, date, author, type of document, availability, length, inclusion of any references, inclusion of childhood obesity references, and referencing style (e.g.	3
Three indicators were used to measure research outcomes of researchers: the total number of articles, the average relative citations (ARC), and the number of top cited articles (top 10% most cited in the sub-discipline).	3
In agreement with the MNCS results, we find the same two journals (Quarterly Journal of Economics and Journal of Economic Literature) at the top that are clearly separated from the others.	4
The editorial in the January 10, 2002, issue of Nature and a following paper in its February 14, 2002 issue are both timely and important.	0
The probability of a study containing a co-author that did not meet ESA or ICMJE requirements increased significantly with the number of co-authors per study although even studies with only two co-authors had a high probability of non-compliance of approximately 60% (ICMJE) and 15 to 40% (ESA).	4
To create the supervision and test data, by using pseudorandom numbers produced by a script language (Perl), 2,000 NPRs for each register year between 2000 and 2009 are “randomly” sampled from an entire set of NPRs in U.S.	2
The‘summary()' function was used to summarize the main information about the collection: the total number of documents, the documents per year, the annual growth rate (the progression ratio of the scien- tific production over the time-period), the number of documents per author, the collaboration index (calculated as total authors of multiauthored articles divided by total multiauthored articles), the most relevant sources (source clustering was analyzed through Bradford's Law[26] ), the most relevant authors (per number of authored documents), the author's production over time, the author productivity (through Lotka's law[27]), the corresponding author's country, the most relevant affiliations (by number of documents with affiliation name disambiguation parameter), the multiple countries publication (the measure of the international collaboration intensity of a country based on the number of documents, for each country, in which there is at least one co-author from a different country), the number of docu- ments per country (based on authors' nationality), the most global cited documents.	3
We evaluated 12 ICMJE member journals, and 82 English-language and 99 Japanese-language subcommittee journals.	2
The present study examines the websites of 88 unique agricultural repositories which have been finally selected from ROAR and OpenDOAR databases after eliminating all common repositories.	2
Documents that are classified as articles published between 1997 and 2017 were downloaded for all West African countries.	2
The frequency list of authors was drawn for the analysis of key authors and the frequency list of publication sources was selected for the analysis of key publication.	3
This paper intended to systematically assess the knowledge evolution in aquatic ecosystem research, providing a more integrated outlook of research trends in the subject to help researchers to better determine their own research under the global picture.	1
The present study offers a new method to quantify such similarities based on keyword co-occurrence matrices.	1
Since the average number of authors of scientific articles is increasing, the system of authorship is consequently becoming inappropriate, in the sense that it becomes more difficult to credit all the authors for the specific contributions they made to each article.	5
For India's publications in COVID-19 database Dimensions have maximum 742 records, followed by PubMed having 423 record, Lens with 194 records, and Web of Science have 100 publications from India.	4
First, a new indicator, the emerging index, is proposed based on the emerging attributes such as novelty, growth, and impact to quantitatively measure the emerging degree of research topics.	3
This result suggests that when art is evaluated in the context of academic research, both the traditional indicators of artistic quality (art prizes, etc.) and the cognitive aspects of art are believed to be significant.	5
The focus is on ECRs in the sciences and social sciences, which is where the funders' (Publishing Research Consortium) main priorities lie and also where the majority of ECRs are based.	1
In terms of national scientific production is growing proportionally faster than the rest of the world, placing Brazil among the leading producers of knowledge in the area.	4
As Figure 2 shows, the mean number of research topics assigned to LIS dissertations increased from 1.00 in 1994 to 2.03 in 2008, and declined afterwards to 1.4 in 2018.	4
If the retraction contained more than one allegation, each allegation was given one incidence.	0
How does the grant affect the publication patterns and the co-authorship network around the winner?	1
We retrieved 551 full-length original research articles: 215 (39%), 182 (33%), and 154 (28%) from NEJM, JAMA, and the Lancet, respectively.	2
We further applied linear regression models to these final groups of data to test the hypotheses specified in the Introduction.	3
If material is not included in the article's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder.	0
The majority (more than 90%) of cited items was foreign journal articles and one half of all references in journals articles dated 11 and 12 years while one half of cited books was dated within 14 to16 years for Turkish and Iranian papers, respectively.	4
Focusing on 1,217 PhD-holding Portuguese academics, belonging to four public universities and to six disciplinary areas, inbreeding is analysed in order to understand whether it might be influenced by the age of the institution and by how long ago the disciplinary area was established in a particular institution.	1
This data set was cleansed, by removing the titles in which the acronym “BC” meant something different than “Before Christ” (for example, Breast Cancer, Bladder Cancer, Blood cultures, British Columbia, chemical or math formulas), and by removing duplicates.	3
Relevance of retrieved documents was measured using a binary scale (relevant/irrelevant), as it is typically done by researchers on a daily basis.	3
This paper examines whether short-term citation counts or measures of journal “quality” are better predictors of long-term article success, as measured by total citations over a 20 year period for a set of articles published in high quality economics journals.	1
The data suggest that peer evaluation could not distinguish between subsequent very good and ‘top’ research.	5
Nevertheless, the research demonstrates that authorship, collaboration patterns, and use of research methods are gendered forms of scholarly practices that have implications for the gender equality agenda in tourism research.	5
This observation indicates that LIS research has covered a variety of emerging subjects, such as NLP, text mining and AI.	5
Rather than focusing on effectiveness, which is difficult to measure and evaluate, this study sought to gain clarity on researchers' preference of RI education channels instead.	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Table 1 summarises the place of female staff in the university setting in Kenya.	0
We do not debate this elusive concept (Buela, 2001), and neither how to calculate its index (Buela, Perakakis, Taylor & Checa, 2006; Buela & Zich, 2012; Zich & Buela, 2010).	0
The rest of our article proceeds with the description of the methods with which we constructed the dataset and addressed our research questions, than we describe the measures we used and the theoretical reasons underpinning their adoption.	0
Therefore, we use the ordinary least squares (OLS) multivariate linear regression model with the general model as follows:	3
This paper develops a set of research indicators to provide insights on the extent to which a US URC with user facilities fosters research productivity, impact, and especially collaboration among users.	1
Pointedly, our results suggest that the trend toward increasing concentration in accounting from 1990 to 2002 suggested by Swanson et al. (2007) has reversed.	4
b Not available in the ISI ranking albeit usually recognized as a top journal in the discipline	0
Four broad thematic clusters were identified: a) geriatric diseases, health services for the aged, and social and psychological issues of aging; b) cardiovascular diseases; c) neoplasms, and d) bacterial infections & anti-bacterial agents.	4
With this paper we propose a framework for evaluating the evaluation measures themselves.	1
In an attempt to resolve the difficulty of content-based maps to compare documents in different languages, this article presented the best method for generating document vectors in the same space from bilingual (English and Japanese) scientific documents.	5
The top three productive institutes were US Geological Survey, Chinese Academy of Sciences and Environment Canada.	4
This dataset will allow researchers and policymakers to obfuscate individual researcher mobility motivations within a location and disciplinary focus, ultimately clarifying the impact of mobility on individual researchers and the research system.	5
As such, AI could support the review process as a prescreening tool, before human reviewers engage in more fine-grained evaluation (e.g., for selecting conference presentations).	5
Bibliometric analysis is an important tool to evaluate the latest trends in current scientific research [22].	3
Jointly published by Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
+Present address: Department of Applied Physics and Mathematics, Soreq Research Center, Yavne, Israel.	0
We observed little participation of authors from less developed (MHD/LHD) countries in mainstream journals covering Tropical Medicine, Infectious Diseases, Parasitology, and Pediatrics, even though these four research areas are acutely relevant to the health systems of these countries, which bring together nearly half of the global population.	5
These dictionaries were built from biomedical and clinical databases such as BioGrid, PharmGKB, NCBI taxonomy, PubChem, Drugbank, Medical Subject Headings (MeSH), and ClinicalTrials.gov.	2
To determine the quantity and quality of articles in the field of knee arthroplasty worldwide and elucidate the characteristics of global scientific production.	1
The subsequent survey received 1,945 responses, representing a 24% response rate.	2
Next, we retrieved altmetric data for the remaining 39,643 articles on Altmetric.com using DoI, and identified 21,495 articles mentioned on Twitter with a total of 190,283 tweets.	2
Overall, from 2012 to 2020, 4,793 users have benefitted from the use of beamtime at ALBA, coming from 821 different institutions.	2
[10], we tested whether the degree distribution of the RCN at UAMS follows the power-law, and therefore is scale-free.	4
With 36%, the USA leads the countries, followed by France (12%), Germany (12%), and Canada (12%).	4
Despite substantial uncertainty in input parameters, our analysis generates relatively precise estimates of important viral characteristics that are composed of nonlinear combinations of model parameters: we estimate the mean within-host basic reproductive number, Ro, to be 2.3 (95% of values in the range 1.7–2.9); the mean infectious virion burst size to be 2.9 plaque-forming units (95% of values in the range 1.7–4.7); and the average number of cells infected per infectious virion to be between 0.3 and 0.99.	4
The main area of knowledge that has the largest number of researchers is Health sciences with 44,952 researchers (11.79%) for the PhD graph and Humanities with 119,837 researchers (10.78%) for the MSc & PhD graph (ignoring OTH and UND in both cases).	4
By focusing on this case study, the paper investigates two complementary aspects of the evolution of the refereeing process: first, the historical evolution of the refereeing practices in connection with broader contextual changes, and second, the attempts to define the activity of the referee, including the epistemic virtues required and the journal's functions according to the participants' categories.	1
The United Kingdom is the leading country in the advancement of higher education internationalization research.	4
Inaccurate citations are not infrequent in biomedical journals, yet they can be detected and corrected using the Web of Science database.	5
The main objectives of this paper are: i.	1
Yilong Chen, Yiting Dong and Yu Zeng have contributed equally to this work	0
Our survey was designed and given to participants to record their preferences of different title types.	2
The second modification of the tables allows one to simulate the aggregation of datasets.	0
This study makes a theoretical contribution to broaden the idea of incorporating the academic environment into scientific evaluation.	5
Table 1 provides an overview of the various kinds of research mastery we have identified.	0
We removed 19 publications because they did not involve Louisiana wetlands, resulting in a total of 906 articles that we used to construct the coauthor database.	2
We examined the gender of first authors in two major journals, citations to these articles, and gender of award recipients.	1
Through correlation analysis, we found that the H-index was an appropriate indicator to evaluate the quality of scientific outputs.	5
At first glance, Figure 1 suggests that the year 2004 can be considered as a turning point in the overall trend of publication patterns in the selected countries.	4
The second section briefly reviews the rel- evant models used in the study.	0
Our primary outcome metric for measuring departmental scholarly activity (DSA) increase was research products (RP), defined as the sum of oral presentations and publications produced.	3
We found evidence of low-quality publishing by the journals in our data, consistent with deficient peer review and copy editing processes.	4
To test these specific differences we conducted a post hoc analysis using predetermined contrasts among the three comparisons of interest.	3
According to asymmetric distributions, numerical parameters were compared using non-parametric tests (Wilcoxon tests in the case of two groups, and Kruskall–Wallis test in the case of three groups).	3
2036 publications collected for this study are obtained from the online version of Science Citation Index-Expanded (SCI-E) database under Ocean Engineering category on 3 February, 2015.	2
Following this synthesis, we conclude with some recommendations for best funding practices that should foster scientific quality; we have linked these recommendations to the different elements of funding that we have scrutinized in our paper (table 6).	5
Here we focus on a specific set of those conditions: the interactions between academic researchers and societal actors.	1
Department of Business Economics, Legal, Merceological and Geographical Science, University of Foggia, Largo Giovanni Paolo II 1, 71100 Foggia, FG, Italy	0
This study is an attempt to explore the evolution of collaboration among institutions in research in the strategic management (SM) field based on the authors' institutional affiliations.	1
With regard to the ratio of the number of publications to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per Capita, the USA remains the leading nation but countries like India and China with a low GDP and high population numbers are also profiting.	4
The second experiment studied the Mechanical Turk crowdsourcing platform and involved 2,378 workers in India and the United States.	2
The impact of self-citation does not change significantly between academic ranks.	5
En el EDI se cargaron los paquetes o las librerías que contienen un conjunto de funciones, datos y códigos de R que permitieron manipular y convertir los datos en formatos legibles por los diferentes paquetes para obtener los resultados esperados en este trabajo.	3
Following West and Zimmerman (1987), this study conceives gender as something organizational actors 'do' rather than something they 'have'.	3
As a control group against which to compare the characteristics of articles in question-able journals, I randomly sampled from Dimensions 348 German-authored articles pub-lished in 2010–2018 in non-questionable OA journals that were classified as medical and health sciences (MHS) articles.	2
We included all academic staff with appointments of lecturer, assistant professor, associate professor, and full professor in the University Departments of General Surgery in the province of Ontario, Canada: University of Ottawa, Queen's University, University of Toronto, Northern Ontario School of Medicine, University of Western Ontario, and McMaster University.	2
18 universities from three countries, Hungary, Israel and Sweden were selected as sample.	2
The author's mechanism of community detection was via identification, i.e.	3
[16] developed the method called reference publication year spectroscopy (RPYS) to detect the origins of research fields or topics.	3
Although in recent years most countries have relative impact (MNLCS) below the world average of 1, countries that produce the fewest articles do not necessarily have the lowest citation impact (see the online supplement).	4
The study aimed the analysis of the citation impact of a group of journals (80 ORMS journals in the case study) by DEA models.	5
1 Faculty of Science, Mohammed V University of Rabat, 4, Avenue Ibn Battouta, B.P.	0
Keywords: social impact of research; impact assessment; social media; altmetric; tourism	0
The first step is to estimate a model at the scientific area level with Ordinary Least Squares (OLS).	3
Figure 1 Percentage and number of health professions education articles with at least one altmetrics event, 2011–2015, by year.	0
Formally, the pseudocode creating the citation cascades in chronological order is provided in Algorithm 1.	0
RQ2: Are the differences between the limiting values of the quartile classes—as a rule-at least minimally meaningful?	1
Our objective was to identify trends and examine the characteristics of the top 100 cited articles in emergency medicine (EM) journals.	1
Descriptive statistics provided by SPSS allowed the analysis of the level of inbreeding within both the four universities and the six disciplinary areas.	3
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The results of the study show that the first round of Jiangsu's high-level university construction has reached an excellent level and is the most effective in improving the quality of research.	4
The number of required first/senior authorships differs significantly within the regulations (from 4 to 16).	4
Scientific output of Cuban institutions measured by the number of publications retrieved from the PubMed database using advanced search is shown in Table 1.	4
Using these 45 journals, we generated a database of 102,966 articles published between 2005 and 2015.	2
A distributed topic vector model called Top2Vec was selected to identify the research topic of articles from JASIST, JDoc, and LISR journals.	3
This work proposed a visual analytics system to explore influential citation networks and find experts on a certain research topic by citation paths.	5
Our findings raised several issues related to the limitations of this methodology as a measure of research impact, when used in isolation.	5
Industrialized Western countries had a significantly larger share of the publications in premium journals compared to mega-journals, whereas this was reversed for countries with developing economies (socio-economic status: F1,40 = 53.76; p < 0.001).	4
European universities group 40% of the top 50 in BIBL and 7 of the top 10, for only 3 top 10 places for the USA.	4
The most frequent keywords reflected three clusters centered in taxonomic groups (Cetacea, Odontoceti, and Pinnipedia) and two centered in research subjects (pollution and phylogenetics).	4
The total production of publications in Peru from 2015 to 2020 was 21597 manuscripts, of which medical publications accounted for 7950, with only 5406 manuscripts belonging to the Faculties of Medicine of Peru.	4
A simple bordered symmetric random walk model was applied, in which one moves forward from left to right in a two dimensional lattice with 10 rows (representing scores) and 23 columns (representing years).	3
To provide an appropriate comparison, we chose a novel and effective method for partitioning the papers into highly-, medium- and lowly-cited groups based on the citation power law distribution.	3
Based on these findings we decided not to include subfield as a variable in the present study.	0
In this contribution we have used interpolating cubic splines to represent cumulative citation data.	3
Thus, our study was based on 44,677 original book records, comprising 15,531 BKCI-S and 29,146 BKCI-SSH (Fig.	2
Short-run citations alone can explain 46.13% of the variation in long-run citation counts (Model 1).	4
Data on number of research publications were derived from SciVal, a searchable electronic bibliometric repository.	2
The five other SBs investigate the electrochemical intercalation and deintercalation of sodium, and the structure and properties of layered oxides.	4
We include records from 1991 (1 year after the official foundation of the Colombian System of Science and Technology and the designation of Colciencias as the institution in charge of ST&I policy in the country) to 2010.	2
He is an IEEE Life Fellow and an associate editor of IEEE Transactions on Sustainable Computing.	0
This paper, based on the bibliographic data from 407 kinds of journals in the Chinese Social Sciences Citation Index (CSSCI) from 1998 to 2011, aims to study the status of collaboration regarding Chinese humanities and social sciences from the perspectives of the degree of collaboration and the nature of the cooperative relationship.	1
The data were then analyzed using SPSS statistical software version 11.5 statistical package with cross tabulations between individual databases and differences were considered statistically significant at p<0.05.	3
CiteSpace 5.7.R1 and VOSviewer 1.6.9 were used to analyze the information.	3
We first co-cluster scholars and journals in the same metric space via singular value decomposition (SVD), and then we fully exploit the bipartite structure of the publication dataset providing an SVD-based operationalization of standard diversity measures usually employed to study interdisciplinarity.	3
The synergy of matching phrases and shared references provides a strong prioritization to the selection of promising matching phrases as discovery mechanisms.	5
The research questions we planted were: What is the research capacity of these systems to communicate research results through international channels within the specific domain of Public Health?	1
This article is published online with Open Access and distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License.	0
The highest degree of software is the scientific computing package numpy, which is two times more than the number of SciPy ranked as the second.	4
A mixed methods bibliometric analysis was performed to ascertain the characteristic of scientific literature published in a 10-year period (2007–2016) regarding the application of remote sensing data in human health.	1
(3) What are the main funding agencies interested in the topic?	1
Then, we investigate the structure of the two corpora thus identified by bibliographic coupling and divide them into clusters of related papers by automatic community detection.	3
The spectrum of themes researched is wide: six themes were identified (driving factors of IRC, IRC patterns, IRC effects, IRC networks, IRC asymmetries and IRC policies).	5
Co-citation analysis by author shows the intellectual structure of scientific disciplines.	5
Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Association for Information Science and Technology.	0
The overall design of this study consists of Design 1, which comprises the doctoral studies and is associated with research questions 1 and 2, and Design 2, which comprises the early career phase and is associated with research question 3.	3
Our findings are contradictory to those in one recent study22 that evaluated PubMed data from 125 orthopedic surgery residencies to assess if dedicated resident research time, specifically that given to residents in longitudinal fashion, increased research productivity.	5
A linear function is found between Dice-Sorenson and Salton.	4
In other societies, journal subscription is not tied to membership and members have the option to subscribe or not.	0
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp	0
Not every question was answered by respondents and for some analyses the ‘don't know'-option was not included yielding different numbers of observations.	0
Burst detection algorithm was adopted to identify the emerging topics of LIS during the study period.	3
We compiled a dataset for all Nobel laureates who received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, Physics, or Chemistry from 1901 to 2017 (n = 599).	2
The AM was openly published online in 2010 under the title “altmetrics: a manifesto” (Priem et al., 2010).	2
As visual analysis suggested, degree and BC are significantly correlated (Pearson's r: 0.8; Spearman's Rho: 0.851).	4
S. Ananthasekar: Writing, data analysis, and approval of the final version for submission.	0
The dynamic of ignorance and attention concerning the exchange of researchers accounts for the third element of the regime of management of irrelevance.	4
The time span of the literature is from 1997 to 2015.	2
Table 5 presents the results estimated from the pooled ordinary least squares (OLS) with robust standard errors, fixed effects model and generalized two stage least squares (G2SLS) random effect model treating price as endogenous, and fixed effects model and G2SLS random effect model treating all continuous explanatory variable except journal age as endogenous.	3
This GC is now able to capture 17 of the top 25 most productive authors (see Figure 5).	4
Overall, these results document that an early-career setback has powerful, opposing effects, hurting some careers, but also, quite surprisingly, strengthening outcomes for others.	5
Acknowledgments This research was financially supported by the Funda??o para a Ciência e Tecnologia (FCT), Portugal, and by a Research Grant from the University of Macau.	0
The citation counts were generated by submitting the relevant set of parameters to the R discretised lognormal generating function dislnorm inside the poweRlaw package (Gillespie</PERSON>, 2013, 2015).	3
Primary data from 26 interviews with editors or editorial board members of top ranking tourism journals inform a discussion of the nuanced understanding of the concept and of how different levels of originality (radical vs.	1
When the cooperation networks between countries were evaluated, it was seen that there are 3 main clusters (see Fig.	4
Furthermore, the number of publications, references and citations will increase significantly in the future.	4
These datasets were tested for the power-law, lognormal, Poisson, and exponential distribution (except Poisson for continuous datasets) based on a fitting of the cumulative distribution function (CDF) using the method described in Clauset et al.33 and implemented in the poweRlaw package of R.34	3
Thus, the capability to highlight diverse evolutionary trajectories is greater for FV weight assignment scheme than SPC scheme.	5
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/349069972	0
...accounting for both of these differences by excluding self-citations and non-research-active years delivers metrics that do not differ between men and women (table 1, figure 3).	4
The purpose of this study was twofold: 1) to investigate the associations of national culture values/dimensions with citation impact, and 2) to see if the links of cultural values/dimensions with citation impact is stable after controlling for confounding variables of national self-citations, international co-authorships, investments in research and development, international migrant stock, number of researchers of each nation, language, and productivity.	1
We use the data from the project Research and Teaching Profiles of Public Universities in Germany found at https://fachprofile.uni-wuppertal.de.	2
To assign each patent to a field, the Cooperative Patent Classification (CPC) was used, which at the top-level involves nine fields.	3
This study's data were comprised of papers published from 2010~2019 in JKAN, and papers published in three other journals from 2015~2019 by searching PubMed.	2
Despite the valuable insights gained in what undisciplinary interaction may look like in a center, it remained clear that space design must start by mapping out why and how individuals in different disciplines may want to interact at a given institution to generate buy-in and build the foundation for continuous refinement of an institutional strategy.	5
In conclusion, while bibliometrics is attractive by providing numbers that relate to scientific productivity, it is often misused because the activity of a scientist does not equate the number of publications or citations, hence the need to analyze the importance and impact of the work itself.[18-20]	5
This reveals a problem with the validity of the equations when applied to data other than Acuna et al.’s calibration sample.	5
Center for Neural Informatics, Structure, and Plasticity; Krasnow Institute for Advanced Study, Neuroscience Program, and Psychology Department; George Mason University, Fairfax, VA, USA.	0
NIH grant recipients affiliated with anesthesiology departments were identified from the Blue Ridge Institute for Medical Research website.	2
The regression results reveal a negative correlation between confidence scores and paper outcomes, indicating that higher confidence scores given by reviewers were associated with paper rejection.	4
Finally, it would be advisable to repeat this study over a period of time in order to compare.	5
The first of these groups, which focused on the development of a virus-resistant transgenic potato, represents entrepreneurial science where the societal impact was realized through commercialization of research results.	2
This paper looks at the issue of inadequate and omitted citations in manuscripts by collecting the experiential opinions of researchers from the dual perspectives of manuscript reviewers and authors.	1
This approach was referred to as 'drizzling' in the interviews.	4
To convert the paper citation network, C, to a journal citation network, A, we compute the following matrix product: A = VCVT.	3
This study is a pioneering study performing a community evolution analysis and scrutinizing collaboration in the field of environmental engineering.	5
To obtain the online social statistics, we collected indicators on several social Web sources.	2
For a WoS-SC to be included in our study, we required that at least 30% of all cited references are linked to the WoS.	2
Subsequently, we determine the Euclidean distance between the barycenter or SAPV profiles of two entities as an indicator of the cognitive distance between them.	3
For the most massively prolific authors, i.e., those who had published more than 700 publications in a single high impact journal, focused searches were performed trying to identify all their publications, regardless of what journal these publications had appeared in.	3
The 50 dissertations analyzed included a total of 2,943 citations, producing a mean of 58.86 references per dissertation with a range of 5 citations to 210 citations.	4
Regarding international co-authored papers, Saudi Arabia has been publishing the most by a clear margin since 2012.	4
Thus, in line with previous research on this topic, the methodology used will be the gravity model.	3
The models presented in this paper consistently illustrated that the productivity of the respondents had a declining pattern as their academic ages increased.	5
Figure 1 demonstrates the funding details of article #3 in Scopus.	0
Is the dissection of cadavers a necessary part of medical education?	0
What is the trend of authorship and geographical allocation of these highly cited articles?	1
Our field experiment involved faculty and researchers from Harvard University and its affiliated hospitals and institutions.	2
There are many problems in the social sciences that refer to the evaluation of the relative performance of some populations when their members' achievements are described by a distribution of outcomes over a set of ordered categories.	1
The presence of websites play a vital role in the academic community.	5
Salancik's (1986) index, which captures the sum of all direct and indirect dependencies of other journals on a particular one in a citation network, will be adopted in the study to measure journals' structural influence in Internet research.	3
After comparing held-out likelihoods and semantic coherence (Wallach et al., 2009) of the models, and, more importantly, a qualitative inspection of each model, a K = 70 model was chosen as optimally suitable for the current dataset/research design.	3
The plan of the remainder of the paper is as follows.	0
What's the difference between the relatedness in the USA and China?	1
In the next stage, a design was proposed to create relation matrices in this study to be used as inputs for UCINET (Borgatti, Everett and Freeman 2014).	3
Validation of bibliographic references against trusted databases can be used to help detect fake or chimeric references generated by artificial intelligence applications.	3
Data are presented as mean ± standard deviation unless otherwise noted	0
Table 1: Distribution of AJPS and JHR Articles by Citations in 2017.	0
This article examines scholarly article reading patterns by faculty in five US universities in 2012.	1
We observe that life satisfaction declines with age, except for the older group of men.	4
*** Significant at 0.1 %, ** significant at 1 %, * significant at 5 %	0
Received 30 March 2021; Received in revised form 12 December 2021; Accepted 21 December 2021	0
The appropriateness of said solicitations was also assessed, only being considered appropriate if they suitably appertained to paediatrics, paediatric cardiology, or other topics with which the targeted author (VG) was familiar.	3
The purpose of this paper was to map and visualize collaboration patterns and citation impact of the library and information science research in sub-Saharan Africa between 1995 and 2016.	1
Training Systems, University of Maryland Baltimore County, 1000 Hilltop Circle, Baltimore, MD 21250.	0
Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) remains a major cause of cancer morbidity and mortality worldwide (1).	0
obstetric and paediatric anaesthesia) may provide greater difficulty for researchers seeking publication.	5
Faculty of Education, The University of Hong Kong, Pokfulam Road, Hong Kong 999077, China	0
The goal was to map international and national co-authorship and so identify trends in links between the main institutions -universities in particular- publishing articles on communication in Spain.	1
The results from this study are also important for contemporary research collaboration as ETs, the currency of innovation, are best nurtured by small and continuous research groups.	5
Finally, the citation analysis indicated that approximately 36% of articles published in the four journals have never been cited.	4
Journal co-citation reveals the cross-relationships between related journals, but also the status of journals in the discipline, providing a basis for document collection and management, and important guidance for scholars (Xiang, 2015, p.	3
The United States and China are the major producers of documents of our sample, followed by all European countries, especially the United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands, and France.	4
1 Types of data that are collected about involved paper, user and post of Facebook altmetrics	0
The Steiner distance is more correlated with the collaboration success compared to the other communication cost functions.	4
A total of 48 citing documents formed the fifth largest cluster (#4).	4
The times when the average number of Scopus citations per article was first equal to the average number of Mendeley readers per article varied from mid-2007 to mid-2015 (Table 1).	4
Based on the aim of this research the following measurements were chosen: publication language, national distribution of authors and citations, institutional distribution of authors.	3
For the calculations, papers that occurred in multiple subject categories were counted as whole articles for all purposes.	0
The equal presence of female and male Nanoscientists in the web is not in line with some previous studies emphasizing technology-disinclined behavior of women (Akman and Mishra 2010; Schumacher and Morahan-Martin 2001; Madell and Muncer 2004; De Young and Spence 2004), though it is in accordance with some other investigations rejecting the effect of sexuality (users' approaches to internet and web) (Zhang 2005; Smith et al.	5
In the period 2006–2009, 1,082 focal scientists published 589 ORNL/NSD-based research.	2
Overall, 79 % of the articles were funded only by the public sector, 18 % had public and private funding, and 3 % were funded only by the private sector.	4
The top 13 leading nations in semiconductors are chosen for this inquiry because of their joint dedication to semiconductor development.	1
Figure 1 represents the flow diagram of the included and excluded journals and factors analyzed in the study.	0
Performance is assessed in terms of two double tests – one graphical, and one numerical – that use both classification systems for evaluation purposes.	3
The evidence presented above challenges what may be defined as a prestigious publisher.	5
We don’t find evidence that the peer-review system adds value beyond previous publications and qualifications in terms of screening out low-citation papers.	4
Different from most articles that focused on specific aspects of urbanization, this pilot study introduce a dynamic co-word network model to profile the overall evolution of CUR's KS.	1
Finally, the last ranking considered is that of Polo-Otero (2010).	2
Fuzzy set Qualitative Comparative Analysis (fsQCA) is employed to conduct a causal analysis on 630 researchers who received CSC academic mobility funding in 2012.	3
To allow the computation of the h-index and its variants a specific scenario involving a finite set of 100 papers is used.	2
The Colombian scientific elite also showed positive growth, which is an inverse trend compared with the sample of Nobel laureate productivity.	4
For each article, we gather citation data from Thomson Reuters’ Web of Knowledge (WOK).	2
This study is a response to the scarcity of scholarship on university policies on plagiarism in mainland China and Hong Kong.	5
22 conferences in the field of data mining are extracted from the DBLP digital library.	0
This potential bias is important to consider, as it may affect career development in academic neurosurgery.	5
Pearson's chi-square test and Fisher's exact test were used for bivariate analysis.	3
Grants were analyzed on the basis of award type and were categorized as basic science, clinical, or epidemiological.	3
Related to this, results reveal surprisingly tight clustering based on geographical and institutional boundaries.	4
Our analysis, covering 11 software engineering conferences over a period of more than 10 years, indicate that these conferences are relatively healthy: balanced PC turnover (high enough to avoid introversion, yet low enough to ensure continuity and coherence), high openness to new authors (“new” in terms of both turnover with respect to previous years as well as not having published at that conference ever before), and moderate introversion (in terms of fraction of papers co-authored by PC members).	5
Source: Own calculations based on InCites WoS (2021) and World Bank data (2021)	0
The sample frame was a list of 30,366 primarily R01 researchers who had NIH grants during 2005 and 2006.	2
We identified a total of 2204 distinct editors; they had a median [interquartile range] h-index of 23 [13, 35], 120 [58, 215] total publications, 1938 [682, 4634] total citations, and an average of 15.7 [9.96, 24.8] citations per publication.	4
The comparison between MBCC and HITS ranking vectors in Table 4 indicates that MBCC ranking agrees well with HITS ranking, especially in top 10.	0
Descending on the subject class level (Table 4), it can be valued that the disciplines with highest number of labels are Computer Sciences (15.56 %), followed far by Engineering (7.61 %) and Physics and Astronomy (6.48 %).	4
The percentage of terminological similarity oscillates between 24% and 38% according to the ‘overlay visualization and 'topic detection techniques.	4
Due to the large amount of data in the subject keyword collection, the K-mean clustering method in cluster analysis can be selected.	3
Nevertheless, the h-index enjoys a number of interesting mathematical properties as an operator in the ordered positive cone (R+) of all infinite sequences with non-negative real values.	5
In this model and subsequent modifications, we focus on situations in which scientists strategically submit papers to journals and journals adopt fixed behaviors.	3
The time-invariant (for the simple or the stretched exponential model) or the time-dependent stretched exponent (for the modified stretched exponential model) can be evaluated by identifying the time dependence of β(t) = ln[?ln(s)]/ln(t/α).	3
We utilized the search engine Baidu to survey a sample of university official websites, retrieving policy documents related to postgraduate education to form our dataset.	2
The h-index of an author is calculated by organizing all papers published by that author in descending order based on the number of times each paper has been cited.	3
The Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) applies to the data made available in this article, unless otherwise stated.	0
Controversies over string theory (collectively termed the 'string wars') intensified in 2005.	1
Those readers who are not interested in the details of computer simulations may wish to skip over this section.	0
Fourth column: gives information about how important fostering PhD students is, 2 means high significance, 1 one goal among others, 0 less important, data in brackets if core group and department differ.	0
One advantage they found with this strategy was that it forced them to make various microdecisions about their analyses, choices which would ultimately need to be taken in any case but for which it is cleaner to decide ahead of time.	4
1 This occurred due to the fact that although Pubmed ID's have different values, they sometimes refer to the same document.	0
All this implies that, in most cases of evaluations, the JIFs are not very different, and failure probabilities are very high (Tables 2 and 3): slightly below 0.5, which is the failure (or success) probability of coin flipping.	5
Google Scholar was scanned, and the h-indices of the scientists worldwide working in the otorhinolaryngology and head and neck surgery specialty, and all subspecialties and specific fields of this branch, were noted.	2
This study aims to follow the path of previous research to validate ORCID as a data source and provide an analysis of researcher mobility.	5
Indeed, aggregating over all disciplines we observe that the overall concentration of impact at the level of cohorts has steadily decreased for authors who started their careers between 1986 and 2003, albeit with a rebound in impact inequality from 2003 onward (Fig.	4
Bibliometrics articles accounted for the largest share (46.5%), followed by information retrieval (29.2%).	4
Number of keywords used to define scientosemantic domains ranges from about 30 to 800.	4
Original articles and reviews were included in this study.	2
What indicators are valid to measure the difference of Usage Count between funded and non-funded papers?	1
For each journal, the following information was extracted: total number of published items, number of authors with>200 published items in this journal, total number of published items authored by these prolific authors, number of published items authored by these prolific authors that had received more than 100 citations, and the respective number that had received more than 20 citations.	3
Our results suggest that for most journals, this window is not appropriate either for measuring the impact of outgoing citations, i.e., the impact given to other journals.	5
To analyze whether a club/country has a relative advantage in one specific field in relation to the world standard, we calculate a revealed comparative advantage index for published papers (RCA) (Balassa 1965).	3
Based on the Citei, j (t) (article age) and Citei, j (n) (number citations of article), the link weighting between node i and node j can be computed by Li,j = λ1 · Citei,j (t) + λ2 · Citei,j (n).	3
2011 ASIS&T Published online 23 May 2011 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
for each edge, apply the Latent Semantic Analysis (LSA) method (Dumais 2004)1.	3
1 College of Economics and Management, Beijing University of Technology, Beijing 100124, China	0
These results imply that increased productivity, impact, and collaboration are driven by a relatively small group that accounts for a large share of academic outputs, i.e., the top class.	5
This article offers a new approach to the problem, one based in waypoints that flag projects on the path to valued outcomes.	1
Can derivative analysis distinguish between different types of SBs?	1
To explore the role of funding organizations in driving research in a more innovative and path-breaking direction, we use quantitative methods such as citation network analysis and research classification schema (Takano et al.	1
We measured specialization using as a proxy the number of journals in which each author published.	3
SEW carried out the individual interviews, performed the analysis and drafted the manuscript.	0
There is a low and negative correlation between the investment in research and the number of researchers (r=?0.26).	4
The Gatev Index measures the differences between the structures of two distributions.	3
Another available strategy is to work with an indexing firm whose business idea is to improve journals' official citation indexes.	4
This result supports H2, which specifies that economic complexity enhances the democracy-science relationship.	4
Next, in the Consolidation Period (2008–2014), the topics most addressed were Service Quality, Trust, User Acceptance, Islam and Antecedents.	4
The aim of this study was to quantify academic metrics associated with rank in surgical oncologists training the next generation.	1
The research question was investigated through qualitative interviews with nine STEM researchers.	3
Both the Elsevier's Scopus database and Thomson Reuters' WoS database were then searched for all scholarly peer-reviewed journal articles listed in the publications database.	3
University open access policies share many similarities, and we observe a strong coherence with the national level and the national guidelines.	4
Our results suggest that scientists can use creativity with titles without having their work condemned to obscurity.	5
The h?-index of a set of articles is h means that h is the biggest integer such that the set of articles has at least h articles satisfying that the in-lobby index is no less than h.	3
scatter of publications, Bradford distribution, major publishers, ranking, and subject categories based on the Journal Citation Reports (subscription, purchasing); cooperation and productivity of the authors based on Lokta's law;	1
After identifying the HCP, it was performed a co-word analysis for the whole period (1945-2016) using the SciMAT software (Cobo et al.	3
As for the choice of the econometric tools, we use a Zero Inflated Negative Binomial (ZINB) regression to model propensity to internationalization, as INTERNATIONAL CO-AUTHORS is a count with a high presence of zeros.	3
For ABCA, nine factors were extracted, explaining 70.625% of the total variance, and approximately 74.75% of the communalities were above 0.6, while for EABCA, 12 factors were extracted, explaining 71.057% of the total variance, and approximately 79.70% of the communalities were above 0.6.	4
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
We identify the most cited articles that have influenced the clinical practices of neurologists.	1
(c) How do the libraries promote the institutional repositories to the users?	1
To cite this article: Farideh Osareh, Zohreh Cheraghi & Atousa Koochak (2017): Characterization of science mapping of Iranian cancer researchers' co-authorship network in web of science service during 2000-2013 time period, COLLNET Journal of Scientometrics and Information Management, DOI: 10.1080/09737766.2017.1292666	0
We used the research question-driven approach to conduct a secondary analysis of existing data (Cheng & Phillips, 2014), which can be especially useful for studies to evaluate patterns of utilization.	3
As well as conceptualizing a new indicator of impact, the work illustrates its application to the 2004–2012 Italian scientific production indexed in the WoS.	1
More than 4,206 documents found in the period of 2002-2016 were collected from the ISI Web of Science and were analyzed to explore the annual productivity, yearly citation, most cited articles, prolific authors, eminent journals of the subject, productivity of institutes and contribution of countries.	2
The main focus of the analyses is on keyword co-occurrences, bibliographic coupling and citation relations of sources and collaborations between countries.	3
Several bibliometric indexes described both corpses of acquired articles: total number of articles, articles produced by each country, the average annual growth rate, total number of authors, and other combined indexes (documents per author, authors per document, co-authors per document, collaboration index).	3
To reveal the citation patterns and research topics, network visualization analysis is conducted based on bibliographic coupling, co-citation, citation, co-authorship, and co-occurrence of keywords.	3
The results obtained demonstrate that the w-tree is competitive in terms of compression time and rate and in terms of query execution time.	5
For each article, the context surrounding the NYT reference or references was collected.	3
To appear in: Oral Surg Oral Med Oral Pathol Oral Radiol	0
We used negative binomial regression to model the number of citations.	3
The large set of data used in this study consists of 6459 texts with a total 36.12 million words from four academic discipline groups: (1) natural science, (2) applied science/ engineering, (3) social science, and (4) arts and humanities.	2
Thirty-nine lexical and syntactic complexity indices were employed to measure the readability of the abstracts, and the Altmetric attention scores of the RAs were used to measure the online attention they received.	3
The data showed that many Arab scholars prefer publishing in predatory journals as these journals are easier and faster.	4
1 The US granted utility patents in China, US and foreign-other countries by Year	0
It can be concluded that while co-location in a given organisation provides the opportunity for establishing close relationships between scientists, these are not automatically turned into effective knowledge networks that persist through space and time and assume an important role in the scientists' subsequent activity.	5
The study was limited to researchers with Research Productivity Grant funded by CNPq—National Council for Scientific and Technological Development, which is a federal public institution under the MCTI—Ministry of Science, Technology and Innovation.	1
This article therefore assesses whether the proportion of female first authored papers in a narrow subject correlates with the rate at which female first authored papers are cited, relative to those of men.	1
The charts generated provided a direct interpretation of the results in terms of the relative positioning of the researchers according to their scientific output.	5
This finding has a potential to lead a change in the behaviors that govern the scholarly communication process, especially in cases where the publishers, editors and authors attach importance to these bibliometric indicators.	5
Thus, young scientists should not pay too much attention to bibliometric indicators and should just concentrate on their research.	5
Thus, sev eral indicators are considered including the total number of publications and citations, the citations per paper, the h- index [48] and the number of papers that a journal has among the most cited ones in a specific field.	3
The boundaries of a community may need to be defined in terms of patterns of shared lore among its members about how credit is accrued—shared beliefs that coordinate credit seeking, credit allotment, and enforcement behavior in cases in which status beliefs are internalized as norms and in cases in which they are not (Merton 1973; Ridgeway and Correll 2006; Willer et al.	4
Journal citation frequencies have strong correlations with JSC rates regarding citable items, significant correlations with numbers of journals' articles and negative significant correlations with JSC rates regarding total citations.	4
q2-index combines h-index and m-index, taking the square root of them, shown in Fig.	3
1 Amsterdam School of Communication Research (ASCoR), University of Amsterdam, P.O.	0
In general, the analyses indicate mostly marginal and inconsistent gender effects.	5
4c shows the broadening of the cluster (in red) that includes the Journal of Cleaner Production.	4
The primary motive to publish books in open access is to improve dissemination and usage.	1
First, we uncover immutable and scale-dependent collaborative behaviors of countries governing the degree of foreign interactions and distribution of ties in multinational research.	4
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
We used an approach to detect and visualise trends and patterns in bibliographical data-bases to show the main research topics studied in the literature on maternal mortality.	1
Fractional scoring has been proposed to avoid inconsistencies in the attribution of publications to percentile rank classes.	1
As shown in Table 1, there is a strong, positive, and significant relationship between authors' institutional rank and their prepublication behavior if at least one author of a paper is affiliated with a top 20 university.	4
The number of “uncommon” words in each title was counted by use of a software that detects words not included in a certain vocabulary.	3
The distribution of author publication shares in the first two classes came close to normal and in the third class deviated only slightly.	4
We normalize the cooccurrence matrix utilizing the Ochiai coefficient [12] and obtain the similarity matrix.	3
All arXiv database metadata from 1990 to March 22, 2012 were downloaded (n = 744,583 e-prints).	2
The retrieved articles received 3443 citations, an average of 11.1, and H-index of 34.	4
Freeman (1977, 1979) has introduced multiple measures of node centrality in a social graph.	3
However, the resulting inter-linking pattern shows a low but significant correlation (r = 0.5) with scientific co-authorship patterns.	4
In order to store the information of nodes and relationships we used the Neo4J graph database.	3
The work uses the Web of Science database and provides several country-level bibliometric indicators including the total number of publications and citations, and the h-index.	2
This article draws on Joseph Nye's (1990, p.166) concept of “Soft Power' in its examination of the role that OA is playing in reshaping China's academic publishing system, along with the internationalisation of research and publishing.	3
I contend here that nontrivial social costs are emerging from the perverse focus of many presidents, deans, hiring committees, and researchers on quantity-based output metrics.	1
The main practical implication of our analyses is that a narrow evaluation may lead to unreliable results.	5
To examine whether effects attributed to countries might actually be the work of a small number of prolific individuals, institutions or projects, we measured a diversity index on author, affiliation and funding fields of our database, using the probability of interspecific encounter (PIE, [18]).	3
Multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to determine whether the probability of a life scientist making or receiving a request was different between the two survey periods.	3
Differences between the sociodemographic characteristics of respondents were determined using x2-test, and differences in total scale and subscale scores with Kruskal–Wallis test and post hoc Mann–Whitney U test.	3
Figure 2 shows a strong tendency for research on the topic of scope of practice to be generated and consumed by single disciplines.	4
We also showed that these highly selective publication venues tend to be rather closed to newcomers and primarily showcase work from a rather small pool of top research countries.	5
Our findings indicate that the size of the CERN impact will become larger as more HEls are involved in the rankings, since highly cited multi-authored articles will lead to instabilities in the rankings.	5
"Copying references from others' papers", especially “copying references from a colleague's paper without citing it", is a referencing misbehavior, which should be condemned.	5
Department of Preventive and Restorative Dentistry, College of Dental Medicine, University of Sharjah, Sharjah, UAE	0
Regarding the most productive countries from 1993 to 2019, China (2222 publications) and United States (1680 publications) were the leaders, followed by India (430 publications), Canada (364 publications), Spain (338 publications), Taiwan (338 publications), South Korea (307 publications), France (288 publications), Italy (259 publications), Germany (243 publications), and Japan (234 publications).	4
The present research is guided by the following questions: 1.	1
Google Scholar was the only system with a mean value above the test value (M = 3.81) followed by ScienceDirect (M = 2.86) (not statistically significant at p < 0.05) and Web of Science (M = 2.79).	4
Conscientiousness is measured with three facets from the 4-item IPIP scales (Johnson, 2014): Self-efficacy; Achievement-striving; and Self-discipline.	3
The mean success rate of funded grants with surgeons as principal investigators (16.4%) has been significantly lower than the mean NIH funding rate (19.2%) (p = 0.011).	4
The study, by analyzing the language distribution of scientific tweet at both the global and the country level, examines whether there is a lingua franca in informal scientific communication, and reveals to what extent domestic users use foreign languages to tweet scientific products.	1
Integrity of research utilization in research policy and research evaluation could increase the social capacity of the social sciences by helping to understand the conceptual contribution of these fields to public policies and public discussion.	5
Our primary aim was to establish whether relatively small groups of academics held dominant control over academic promotions in Poland by repeatedly serving on promotion panels (as revealed by the available official documentation).	1
VOSviewer (v1.6.5; 28 September 2016) provides both a community-finding algorithm and visualization (Waltman et al.	3
CONTACT Ramphul Ohlan ramphul.ramphul@gmail.com Institute of Management Studies and Research, Maharshi Dayanand University, Rohtak, Haryana, India.	0
Seventy-nine articles were original research of which 37.9% were about results from randomized controlled trials (RCTs).	4
Then, we tested the moderated mediation model using the SPSS macro PROCESS (Model 7) suggested by Hayes (2013; http://www.afhayes.com).	3
In order to measure inequality in research output, we use the most common output measure, publication counts per full-time faculty.	3
2 Histogram of fractionalization ratios at three levels of citation impact (All sciences)	0
The Negative Binomial Regression Model (NBRM) addresses this failure by adding a parameter that reflects unobserved heterogeneity.	3
In this study, 4,282 literature data were preprocessed and imported into VOSviewer software for calculation, and a total of 16,329 keywords were obtained.	3
The main aim of creating.not file is finding the correct and erroneous addresses.	0
The United States debates its exploration of the sea for oil and gas.	0
Our results suggest that buildings that host researchers who are working in the same or related fields and from multiple departments tend to foster more collaboration.	5
The period chosen for analysis was the most recent 5 years, from 2007 to 2011.	2
Division for Science and Innovation Studies, Administrative Headquarters of the Max Planck Society, Hofgartenstr.	0
The final sample of four universities covered most of these criteria, excluding location criterion, and the inclusion of a regional university.	2
Source: Document review of LIFE center strategic plans, annual reports, various years.	0
Citation received by malaysian top 10 cited journals in the Web of Science 2006-2010.	0
In summary, our work demonstrates the potential of using citation contexts in enhancing the retrieval of scientific publications and improving our understanding of the impact of a specific publication on subsequent work.	5
Based on our analysis, one can predict countries such as Turkey, Morocco, Algeria, Egypt, UAE, Qatar, Jordan and Iran might possibly close the women representation gap in science in the next 10 years.	5
This article addresses these gaps by studying the behaviour of Italian academics in response to the introduction of a national habilitation procedure that regulates the promotion to professorial positions.	1
To overcome the challenge of subjective interpretation of emotions, we applied a collective interpretation method and compared our respective perceptions of the situations examined.	3
In addition, we found that China, Iran, India, and South Korea were among the top countries contributing retracted technology papers.	4
2012) we relied on the author publication data from 24 journals traditionally used for ranking authors in communication (see Appendix; Hickson et al.	2
This study investigated the collaboration of authors publishing in the field of e-learning and calculated the collaborative coefficient for the first time.	1
Only in five areas does India have a share of top institutions out of the world total that exceed their GDP share (2.65%): chemistry (3.34%), chemical engineering (3.32%), physics and astronomy (3.13%), materials science (2.98%), and pharmacology, toxicology and pharmaceutics (2.80%).	4
We used a Poisson generalized additive model to predict the expected pattern of citations over article age and expressed the number of citations as the Pearson residuals from the curve (Fig.	3
71704057) and Guangdong Planning Office of Philosophy and Social Science of China (Grant No.	0
To put this another way, papers which stand on domestic shoulders are expected to be less well-cited than papers that stand on international shoulders.	5
Does the sequential order in which manuscripts are submitted to an academic journal have any effect on the editorial decision?	1
confidential RI counselors, funders, editors, research ethics (RE) committee members, and RI trainers).	2
The BIBLIO provides a reporting guideline for bibliometric reviews of the biomedical literature.	5
Ahmar et al., 2018; Gümü? et al., 2020; Mohsen, 2021).	2
Moreover, this article analyzes whether the presenters at conferences organized by these companies were researchers from top-ranked institutions in the three global university rankings (Academic Ranking of World Universities, Times Higher Education World University Rankings, and QS World University Rankings), either as presenters or invited keynote speakers.	1
The Δu2 statistic was significantly different from zero as indicated by the respective 95% bootstrap intervals that did not cover zero for Dataset 1 and Dataset 3 (see Table 3).	4
Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
The purpose of the present work is to reinforce the correct framework for the usage of the above-mentioned terms and draw additional attention to the implementation of this conceptual cloud in a proper way, especially for bibliometricians just beginning their sojourn.	1
We simulate the process of final selection through three hypothetical scenarios in increasing levels of complexity:	3
Our empirical data analyzed in this study are 1,170 masters' dissertations extracted from three universities (Hunan University, Central South University, and National University of Defense Technology).	2
The same term is used in Britain for different levels of attainment, not to mention doctorates conferred in recognition of contributions other than a single piece of research.	0
The discussants of our paper raise several important issues.	1
In 19 of the 26 subjects, Google Scholar has the greatest coverage.	4
MDs had a gradually decreasing trend of first authorship from 96.6% in 1998 to 72.0% in 2018.	4
A word cluster analysis revealed that the prospective hotspots involved emerging techniques, tools and strategies for ameliorating and preventing the destruction of eco-environmental systems in order to achieve sustainable land-use development.	5
The results show that all these four research fields share an overall decreasing trend in evolution from 1991 to 2019 and different fields exhibits different evolution patterns during different time periods.	4
Moreover, only 938 papers (4.88%) meet the standard definition of open access in which material can be freely reused providing attribution to the authors is given.	4
Through the use of Atlas.ti software 18 dynamical codes were clustered into 4 social mechanisms based on their relational ties.	3
Researchers compared articles in five leading journals with the references they cited, finding an error rate of 24.27%.	4
1 Evolution in the number of documents in the area of Medicine.	0
In case of PubMed (www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed), an ‘advanced search’ of the title, keywords, and the entire article was conducted with Medical Subject Headings (MeSH), a comprehensive vocabulary for the purpose of indexing journal articles in the life sciences.	3
The evaluative outcome of bibliometric analysis is only as reliable as the data from which they are drawn.	5
Supplementary Information The online version contains supplementary material available at https://doi.	0
The aim of this bibliometric study is to analyze scientific publications on cervical plexus blocks.	1
Again, the result is quite dismal: only 38 of 434 (8.75%) contain any self-evaluation of research weaknesses or limitations.	4
Our linear regression model has an accuracy of more than 80% in predicting downloads for the 1,235 journals in our test set.	4
In particular, the study finds that the key challenge for HSS researchers lies in balancing the level of engagement required to be relevant with the requirements of an academic career.	4
This study collects the educational backgrounds of a large number of academics to understand the role of foreign education in academics training in the United States.	1
As shown in the literature mentioned above, after overseas scholars return to their mother county they have a proven “transnational capital”, mainly due to international research collaborations.	0
Second, we correct the variance formula for MHq, which leads to narrower confidence intervals.	1
We can see that when journal i has a much larger IF than that of a journal j, IF;/IFj > 5, κ i j = 1.	4
Specifically, the study focuses on benefits as accessibility, dissemination, visibility and impact of PhD e-theses deposited in repositories.	1
The map is built on a cosine similarity matrix on the basis of patent co-citations.	3
At its core, AssignmentWatch consists of a search engine results page (SERP) monitoring tool, which automatically searches for search terms provided by the educator (i.e.	3
Advisor publication output predicted the publication output of doctoral students as well as their likelihood to start laser firms.	4
Yager has the most papers published in IJUFKS, with 20 papers receiving 581 citations; four of them have more than 50 citations.	4
To better understand the added-value of the academic evaluation process, this paper studies the relationship between scores given by 105 evaluators to 1900 doctoral candidates who received a scholarship and their outcomes 10 years after the competition.	1
It reveals that, a greater variation of the content and context signals in citing-cited network may indicate a more disruptive paper (Fig.	4
8 We thank an anonymous reviewer for the insight that other types of co-location exist but are harder to measure.	0
Nonresearch articles, including Reviews, Comment, Editorial, etc., were excluded from further analysis.	2
More problematically, it serves to reinforce the view that academic misconduct is more common outside the west and the global North, given that most reported cases of fake reviews come from countries such as China, Iran, and India.	4
4) was examined by means of a non-parametric bootstrap approach (Davison and Hinkley 1997) as it is implemented in the R package boot (Canty and Ripley</PERSON> 2019).	3
Between April 1996 and May 2016, 737 scientific articles have been published by 1351 authors from 51 countries.	2
As a source of information, Science Citation Index Expanded and Journal Citation Reports from Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) were used.	2
Various metrics of impact factor were calculated (e.g., h-index, hr-index, h1, annual-index, and g-index).	3
This study describes a journal-initiated platform to improve publication quantity and quality in Sub-Saharan Africa emergency care research: Author Assist.	1
3 (1, 9), respectively, all P < 0.001].	4
Scientific publications from low-L-ratio teams receive more short-term citations, while those from high-L-ratio teams experience greater influence over the long term (Fig.	4
Gender differences in h-index among faculty in epidemiology programs in top ranked SPPHs are primarily explained by differences in professional age.	5
To examine the mechanism for the articles' impact, we use a modified version of Baron & Kenny's (1986) three-step mediation test proposed by Zhao et al. (2010), in which the Sobel test is replaced by bootstrap (Zhu et al., 2022).	3
For only 6% of TSs, 20% or less of their publications account for at least 80% of their total citations.	4
This contrast suggests that rather than seeking to eliminate gender differences in communication, a more viable strategy to increase gender inclusion in science and technology would focus on updating institutional processes so that they are not negatively predisposed toward female scientific language.	5
In conclusion, work resulting in Nobel prizes is concentrated in a small minority of scientific disciplines.	5
Two hypothesis was formulated: (1) Conscientiousness predicts doctoral students research productivity; and (2) Conscientiousness predicts doctoral students co-authoring with the supervisors.	1
He has consulted to a number of public and private sector organizations.	0
The language of scientific tweets is automatically identified using Python package langdetect 1.0.7 in this study.	3
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/spp/advance-article-abstract/doi/10.1093/scipol/scy060/5137124 by Bukkyo University user on 22 October 2018	0
In particular, through cluster analysis, we highlight the labels that entrepreneurship scholars have used to investigate emerging organisations and illustrate how they are arranged in subgroups.	3
That is, publication rates reveal a curvilinear relationship which illustrates an increase and then a decline in publication proliferation throughout time.	4
From a pragmatic point of view, qualitative research involves textual rather than numeric data (Punch, 2013).	0
This distinction also reflects, in part, a longstanding debate in the theoretical literature regarding the various manifestations of perceived control such as agency and domain-specificity (e.g., Bandura, 1986; Heckhausen and Schulz, 1995; Rotter, 1975; Skinner, 1996).	0
Two data sets are used: (1) the entire database comprising publications from Science Citation Index, Social Science Citation Index, as well as the Arts and Humanities Citation Index; and (2) a reduced version of the database based on a fixed set of journals from the three aforementioned citation indices.	2
In addition to the 3 parameters the following country-related data were collected: population size from the worldometer web site, gross domestic2 product at purchasing power parity per capita (GDP/capita) from the International Monetary Fund database and the number of universities in the world top 500 from the Shanghai ranking web site.4	2
However, in the accumulative stage, that is, from one to N citations, highly cited publications begin to receive citations much more rapidly than medium- and low-cited publications.	4
The following interest areas were used to identify scholars related to kinesiology: kinesiology, exercise science, sport science, sports science, and physical education.	2
A total of 1038 faculty and staff were identified at 78 institutions with CAMPEP-accredited residencies.	4
For each of the chosen cases the journal web pages were studied as well as any discussion about them in scientific publications, conference presenta- tions, and news items.	2
We identified 3191 authors with extreme publishing behavior across science excluding Physics and 12624 such authors in Physics.	4
Self Cites to Years Used in Impact Factor Calculation.	3
What forms of training in open access have current and recent doctoral students received as part of their doctoral studies?	1
We aimed to identify factors affecting the publication speed of indexed anesthesiology journals.	1
Our study is a scientometric analysis of research publications of science and social science disciplines in Pakistan during 2009–2018.	1
We estimate that identification articles attract 22% more citations on average, after controlling for various author- and paper-level characteristics.	4
The results of the regression analysis indicate that citation-based metrics and readership counts are significantly more related to quality, than tweets.	4
This study shows that no significant differences exist in the distribution of concept categories between NS and SSH articles citing LSBS, but that a reverse result exists in the distribution of citation functions between them.	5
Their citation data was processed using dimensionality reduction and clustering.	3
frugiperda in India and worldwide, emphasizing the necessity of developing integrated control strategies for this pest.	5
Several editorial-board members were listed across more than one journals, with one member listed 81 times in different 69 journals (i.e., twice in 12 journals).	4
He also observes, “This sort of thing is very much a critical judgment call; it's not a science.”16	0
In this paper, the authors aimed to learn whether nursing faculty in Saskatchewan are aware of the JIF and its meaning and whether this knowledge has any impact on their choices of a journal for publication.	1
The next stage consists of automatically generating further terms from the ontology class names and associated information, such as class descriptions, using GATE's Automatic Term Recognition tool TermRaider (Maynard et al.	3
The present study finds evidence for the influence of both aspects of the normative construct on the intention to publish OA (H2a, H2b).	5
The average number of citations per section was generally lowest in the Methods, Results and Conclusions sections (Fig.	4
A database of 137 pig infectious agents was constructed, including its taxonomic division, zoonotic potential, status as emerging pathogen and whether it was OIE-listed.	2
The temporal parameter covered publication dates between January 1st, 2016 and June 30th, 2017 and included all altmetric mentions within that period.	2
This paper examines whether PageRank algorithms are a valid instrument for the analysis of technical progress in specific technological fields by means of patent citation data.	1
This value suggests a complementary, though not alternative, view of each method in the identification of institutional relationships.	5
The website of the BABT journal on the SciELO platform was consulted in order to locate all articles published in 2017 and 2018.	2
First, while female scientists exhibit a higher rate of general, national, and institutional collaboration, male scientists exhibit a higher rate of international collaboration.	5
To study the characteristics of these special citation chimeras we make a thorough investigation from two different points of view: from the point of view of hibernators, and from the point of view of citation generations, tracing the evolution of scientific ideas.	3
Singapore contributed the highest number of publications (n = 457, 45.4%).	4
Even after a massive move to predominantly electronic publishing by all major publishers the way in which peer review is performed and managed has remained largely the same as before the advent of the Internet.	5
In accordance with the empirical data, we shall use this assumption in the following discussion.	0
Received May 27, 2013; revised July 30, 2013; accepted July 30, 2013	0
We extracted 37 million academic papers and their 770 million references from Thomson-Reuters' 1992 to 2010 Web of Science (WoS) database.	2
From the exploratory factor analysis, three factors were obtained.	4
The purpose of this paper is to present an empirical assessment of the weight assigned to monographs in the publication indicator of the performance-based research funding system (PRFS) in Flanders, Belgium.	1
Compared to psychology, creativity in the social sciences seemed to be an undercited, local, and endogamic area.	4
The following data were collected for each article: journal name, journal impact factor, number of authors, publication year, country in which the study was performed, department of all authors, article type, imaging modality, grant funding, and clinical subspecialty.	2
Does the citation impact of ISLS articles increase when the number of multi-authored articles increases?	1
In this paper, we use the Three Gorges Project (TGP), which is the world's largest hydropower project, as a case study to find the patterns of scientific research on specific large-scale infrastructure projects.	1
We then employ maximum likelihood procedures to estimate a function that predicts downloads and takes the form	3
The following section provides a brief discussion on how research productivity is measured in this paper.	0
To evaluate the correlation between AAS and citations, we used Spearman correlation coefficient given the skewness of the data.	3
To calculate the Kendall rank coefficient correlation, it was necessary to rank all records by descending order for the following parameters: number of citations, U1, U2, ECJ, JUC U1 and JUC U2.	3
Therefore, to focus on the most representative pieces of research available in WoS, we only selected “journal articles” and “reviews” in the analysis, thus reducing the number of publications to 133,741.	2
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Scientific output was assessed based on a methodology designed and used in previous bibliometric studies [23, 20, 24–30].	3
The most frequent topic subject of neurodegeneration appeared in 40 articles.	4
The year 2005 is commonly recognized as the start date of social tagging research; articles on the topic were beginning to be published in scholarly publications.	4
Sooner or later, when scholars are ready to embrace a new publishing culture, journals will have to adapt and respond to the needs and demands of modern science.	5
The quality of the articles from China still requires improvement.	5
Publishers were grouped by their ownership type and journals were grouped by their publication model.	3
The horizontal (left–right) dimension of each strip helps to minimize overlapping points.	0
Are there significant differences that emerge from analysing the research dynamics associated with IJHCS and CHI?	1
As explained previously [1], the impact factor of 2013 is calculated by summing all citations obtained during 2013 to papers published by NHJ in 2011 or 2012.	3
The first point is that this work is an essential step to show that our approach can handle larger datasets with a scientific discourse analysis constraint based on linguistic approaches.	5
(Received 21 October 1988; accepted in final form 23 January 1989)	0
Third, the average number of citations for highly cited papers presented in oral sessions is not necessarily greater than for the ones presented in poster sessions.	4
In general, we can conclude that the different types of durability of publications have almost no effect on the assessment of the performance of research groups.	5
The RMSE scores of baseline model, linear regression model and principal component regression are 6.23, 5.2 and 4.19, respectively.	4
This article documents Open access article processing charges (OA APC) Main 2016.	1
The width of edges is proportional to the number of citations made between two journals.	0
Academic productivity was assessed by bibliometric indices including total number of publications and citations, and H-index, which were obtained from Web of Science.	3
The study analyzes the diversity and total number of sources, as well as the geographic distribution of authors and citing authors, to provide insights into the internationalization level of Ukrainian A&H research.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=ctas20	0
Life Sciences and Biomedicine followed by Social Sciences with 1,598 and 1,366 documents respectively were the most represented ones.	4
To generate exogenous variation of international journal publications, we select an instrumental variable (IV) that is uncorrelated with the residuals but is correlated with the publications.	3
Here we perform a science mapping analysis to investigate the patterns and trends in research of plant community inventories in the Cerrado, identifying the historical and temporal trends in publication, the most relevant journals, authors, institutions, and research partnerships publishing in the subject.	1
In some citation networks, the annual numbers of papers grow exponentially, e.g.	2
Male researchers publish significantly more scientific productions than females.	1
This study examined the geographical diversity and publication patterns of editors and editorial board members in communication journals.	1
Governments in many Latin American countries are also using the rankings to determine where students can study abroad on government grants.	4
Because we were interested in the personal characteristics of the HCR, as part of a small study we carried out further research on data relating to the HCR for whom one or more addresses in Germany are available (n = 181).	2
The authors would like to thanks to anonymous reviewers for their valuable comments.	0
This article also makes theoretical contributions to the body of work on (e)valuation in academic science and heterarchical organizations.	5
Observations of institutions' websites were taken and data was collected between August 2014 and October 2014.	2
The final data consists of 2021 authors whose mobility pattern is trackable from Turkey to the USA and over 79,000 “immobile” authors for the construction of the donor group for the matching process.	2
However, at the same time, average publication counts and number coauthors per paper have increased substantially.	4
Also such high-value patents in FDA Orange Book tend to cite scientific knowledge published on average 10–15 years ago.	4
From a linguistic perspective, the phrase 'collective intelligence' is losing popularity.	4
Cited references found in each document are the basis for the bibliographic coupling using cosine similarity.	3
We analyze nearly 200,000 publications by more than 1600 members of the National Academy of Sciences between 1980 and 2006.	2
The article will further throw into relief that the political action of scientists themselves stands as the more general mediation for this innermost necessity of the capitalistic relationship of production to assert itself.	5
Citations for the top 50 papers ranged from 2725 to 163 with a median of 240.	4
To use co-word analysis via SNA, we followed the procedure suggested by Zupic and ?ater (2015) to be consistent with other bibliometric studies with regard to scope of data, data collection, preparation, analysis, and visualization.	3
Thus, in this manuscript we attempt to characterize, one educational approach, the use of short online videos, as an approach for training in order to provide recommendations for future educational initiatives.	1
This is a known approach in OLAP systems when the problem would otherwise not fit into available memory space.	0
The purpose of the study was to examine the productivity of faculty in social work doctoral programs.	1
We found that the Korean SCIE journals are included within the top 20 rank (45 Korean SCIE journals in the top 50, and 56 Korean SCIE journals in the top 100), which shows that the Korean journals significantly influence the ranking change of Korean SCIE journals rather than other SCIE journals from other nations.	4
Here we present the results of a statistical analysis of collaborative publishing patterns in Computers and the Humanities (CHum) (1966–2004); Literary and Linguistic Computing (LLC) (1986–2011); and, as a control, the Annals of the Association of American Geographers (AAAG) (1966–2013) in order to take a first step towards investigating concepts of ‘collaboration' in Digital Humanities.	1
For the current study we formulated a statistical model that links the outcome of the competition to the determinants described in Section 3.	3
At its lowest point, spending is 96% lower for interrupted labs.	4
This renormalization is designed to reduce or eliminate metrics gains that arise from excessive to extreme publication and coauthor rates.	5
As of October 2017, the journal has 17,281 citations and a ratio of citations per paper of 14.5.	4
where n is the number of nodes in the network; and wji represents the weight of the directed edge from node j to node i.	0
This study employed both qualitative and exploratory research methods to obtain and analyse the data collected.	3
In the period 1972–2000, the median has been doubled, reaching 16 references per paper.	4
After applying screening criteria the search yielded 372 neurosurgical CPGs, which were included for bibliometric analysis.	2
Inventor-author self-citations may result in shorter technological time lags, but this effect is small.	4
/8/ Todorov R.: Scientometrics 5 (1983) No.5, 291-301; 6 (1984) No.2, 127-138;7(1985) No.3-6.	0
In general, it can be concluded that inbreeding is a phenomenon assuming relevant expression in the four public Portuguese universities selected for the study.	5
Therefore, the publications and citations of BSI were mapped with the following objectives: (a) to analyse year-wise publications and citations of BSI in terms of its broad characteristics; (b) identify the nature of collaborations with authors, institutions and countries; (c) identify highly preferred journals for publications; (d) identify prolific authors by publications and citations count, impact, h-index and p-index and (e) study the distribution of publication in different circles of BSI.	1
The research questions for the present study are is there a scaling relationship between CBP and international collaboration for Cuban articles in Natural Sciences?	1
The comprehensive analysis of the documents on suicide during the COVID-19 pandemic highlighted the emerging trends in the field.	5
Results are reported from a survey among libraries in Sweden with organized bibliometric activities.	2
Data for this study are acquired from the online TRS WOK/WOS database for 31 consecutive years, spanning from 1980 through 2010.	2
To conserve space, we present only the top 50 research outlets.	0
The research on the influencing factors of R&D cooperation in these three types of urban agglomerations can bring corresponding enlightenment to the development of other urban agglomerations in China.	1
In total, 924 eligible participants were surveyed to explore their socio-demographics and work/life related characteristics (as shown in Table 1).	2
The current study addresses the question of which user groups use which kind of literature (or save it in Mendeley).	1
Coreness and H-index may be better suited for categorizing keywords rather than ranking keywords.	4
Supplementary data is available at Science and Public Policy Journal online.	0
The % was calculated as: (1– (expected citations/ observed citations)) × 100%	0
To quantify such diversity, we construct a forward mixing degree of community Cm and backward mixing degree of Cn analogous to the Gini-Simpson index [20]:	3
made, no doubt, one feel a sense of awe, his friendly disposition made one feel at home in his presence.	0
We use OLS (ordinary least squares) and 2SLS (2 step least squares) estimations to investigate correlations between editors' and journals' topic frequencies.	3
Therefore, this study primarily examined whether scientists with excellent scientific contributions have similar research performance in terms of research productivity and research influence during their entire academic career at the individual level.	1
However, we do not yet know whether this expansion of coverage was temporary or permanent, nor whether a further expansion of coverage has occurred.	1
This study explores the interplay between community dynamics and knowledge production using the quantum computing research field as a case study.	1
The Average rank measure has higher discriminative power (smaller tie rate) than Median in almost all cases.	4
This article should be read as a methodological note of caution not only when studying the causal effects of events in citation data but also when conducting other citation analyses with a temporal component or when doing research evaluations on the basis of bibliometric indicators.	5
The proposed approach is an extension of the co-citation technique that considers in-text citations across the logical sections of cited-by articles to compute the most relevant documents.	5
Secondly and related to collaboration patterns, single-authored articles (SA), multi-authored articles (MA), total articles (TA), mean of authors per article and percentage of collaboration (%C) were calculated and distributed per year.	3
The residents published 642 papers, of which 443 (69.0 %) were research papers, 198 (30.8 %) were case reports, and 380 (59.2 %) were first-authored.	4
3 seems to lead the trend in Fig.	4
Of the 47 articles referred for Author Assist, 12 (26%) were originally rejected in the pre-peer review stage and 35 (74%) after peer review.	4
Our goal was to examine associations between the quantity of internal medicine residents' publications and validated measures of their knowledge, skills and multi-source evaluations of performance.	1
Figure 1 shows the ICC for the whole population, the different single ICCs with confidence intervals, and the ICCs of the mean ratings.	0
This may illuminate the fact that a close and interactive relationship has been established between science, technology, and society in North Korea.	5
We thank John Hogenesch, Martin Hemberg, Marlene Cohen, and Douglas Ruff for comments and discussions.	0
Using a sample of 376 tenured faculty members from 20 highly research-visible European business schools in 10 countries, we explore different patterns of mobility and highlight their link to research-career capital and the speed of academic promotion.	2
Between 2000 and 2018, while world GDP grew by 3.5% per annum (World Bank 2020), papers in Scopus grew by 4.9% per annum (NSB 2020, Table S5A-2), driven by increases in the number of journals, in journals included in Scopus, and in papers per journal.	4
Note that in practice the distributions are bounded by the random and best cases.	0
There is a significant correlation (Kendall's tau-b) between FM star-rating and sentiment value (p < .05) in the 101 recommendations.	4
A total of 4128 published articles were analysed.	2
The present study was therefore proposed to analyze and characterize the 100 most-cited articles in neuroscience.	1
We find evidence that higher-impact articles and articles by authors from leading institutions are more likely to be replicated, whereas the replication probability is lower for articles that appeared in top 5 economics journals.	4
VonAalst (2010) used Google Scholar to identify the top four science education research journals: Journal of Research in Science Teaching, Science Education, International Journal of Science Education, and Journal of Science Teacher Education.	2
The students participated in an educational program using the academic books Top Notch 2 and Top Notch 3, aimed at improving language proficiency via a systematic methodology including vocabulary, grammar, and communication techniques.	2
The h-index of each journal for the period of 2009 to 2013 was calculated with the Publish or Perish (PoP, Version 4.6.4) software (Harzing, 2007).	3
Evolved, they demonstrate that these unique SI clusters are rapidly growing and are likely to define the future trajectory of the journal and possibly of the field.	5
We conclude by evaluating the advantages and disadvantages to venture philanthropy for the academic researchers, industry partners, foundations, and universities and consider an agenda for future research.	1
This manuscript provides objective benchmark data regarding research productivity of academic RTP.	5
In this study, we mainly use the Dimensions dataset, encompassing a vast collection of scholarly publications and funding information.	2
Instead, working hard to be- come an established researcher, and only later attracting the attention of "giants" to work with and learn from tends to lead to greater professional achievement.	5
I regard my identification of collective anchoring effects not as an alternative explanation to what Cole et al. (1981) presented as the 'luck of the reviewer draw', but rather as an explanatory complement to help understand the relation between chance and consensus in the review process.	5
Four hundred articles published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research were randomized to either the TrendMD arm (n = 200) or the control arm (n = 200) of the study.	2
We employed the pscl package in R (Zeileis et al., 2008) to construct four hurdle models</MODEL_OR_ALGORITHM> (mode 1: likes; model 2: retweets; model 3: quotes; model 4: replies).	3
high-teaching demands), the only significant resource was time allocated to research.	4
Key research areas of these three departments are physics, chemistry, material sciences, engineering, computer science and mathematics.	2
In this paper, we put social measurement on trial: providing two perspectives arguing why measurement in the social and in the physical sciences are incompatible and counter with two perspectives supporting compatibility.	1
The intended future work for this model is also presented.	5
Given that, this study aimed at determining a ranking of the 100 top-cited articles regarding all kinds of neurodegenerative diseases.	1
By adopting the Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) model, this paper allocates the research articles into 50 key research topics pertinent to COVID-19 according to their abstracts.	3
The analysis is an important addition to the field in South Africa which helps in measuring how institutions are positively responding to government incentives in research.	5
Kim Quaile Hill is emeritus professor of political science and a Presidential Professor for Teaching Excellence at Texas A&M University.	0
We limited our search results to include only publications from the last five full years (2020-2016).	2
The research article is, thus, a result of the difficulties the patron has in fairly paying the scientist.	4
Post-communist countries' publication output is also notably focused on quantity as opposed to quality (as approximated by journal AIS), which likely distracts their limited resources away from internationally more competitive research.	4
In the same group, 5 exhibited decreasing trends, 3 rose and then fell, while 1 remained nearly constant.	4
We analyzed 97 GI journals, of which 51/97 (52.6%) were based in the US/UK while the other 46/97 (47.4%) were based elsewhere.	4
In order to classify the journal ranked outlets into the respective journal quartiles, we deployed four machine learning models (Random Forest, SVM, Na?ve Bayes, and Logistic Regression) on our data feature file.	3
The study's objective is to evaluate the impact of STEM resources in the scholarly literature by examining the frequency of citation to four major databases.	1
Publications in the fields of trauma, adult reconstruction, arthroscopy and hand and microvascular surgery have increased steadily.	4
Students (40%) and researchers (36%) are the largest user groups of articles at Journal.fi platform, while those out- side academia make up 24% of 668 users participating in the study.	4
The finding, signifying the correspondence of the metrics with different aspects of academic missions, confirms the claims about the metrics in that they can properly measure some of the academic performance dimensions.	5
N = 15 semi-structured interviews with chemists were conducted at six universities (three elite and three non-elite institutions).	2
Through bibliographical analysis of 1259 Scopus-indexed documents, the literature published from 2010 to 2020 has been identified.	2
The most influential report in diabetes research seems to be RCT, which is performed to confirm the effectiveness and outcome of anti-diabetes drugs in patients with diabetes.	5
CiteScore is a journal metric based on Scopus data that is similar to the impact factor provided by Clarivate Analytics.	3
In a secondary analysis, we show that the proportion of women representation in a field is positively associated with the probability of finding statistically significant behavioral homophily.	4
We found clear distinctions between the two scientific cultures described by Snow (1959).	5
1 also shows that the five countries with the highest share of transnational papers are also the smallest countries when it comes to population numbers and journal articles.	4
Study shows that better access to quality information resources for scientific researchers lead to an increase in its use and results in higher quality research shown by the gradual increase of publications of research results in higher impact scholarly journals.	5
Taking from the well-known definition of a community in the realm of network science, namely that people within a community share significantly more links with each other as they do outside of this community, we propose that citation cartels are defined as groups of authors that cite each other disproportionately more than they do other groups of authors that work on the same subject.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
This study investigates the perceived utility of various solutions for research misconduct among scholars at research-intensive universities.	1
Health Information Research Unit, Department of Clinical Epidemiology and Biostatistics, McMaster University Faculty of Health Sciences, Hamilton, ON, Canada L8N 3Z5	0
The first dataset is extracted from the Scival Experts of Northwestern University.	2
A management-centric structure of research governance limits scientific performance.	4
Therefore, the main practical application of this study is that it shows that the use of WoS subject delimiters for topic analyses in biomedical documents is not neutral.	5
He is or has been on the editorial board of several journals.	0
In order to document the international visibility of Norwegian journal publications, we use WoS data and compare Norway to developments in the database and for three benchmark countries: Australia, Sweden, and Denmark.	2
H-index was observed to strongly correlate with the number of original research articles (p=0.005), years since first publication (p<0.0001), and journal impact factor (p=0.048) as assessed via multiple linear regression.	4
The results show that the effect of prior citation attention is greater for external citation accumulation even after controlling for the fact that externals adopt later on average than internals.	4
Statistical analyses were conducted using R statistical software v.3.5.1 [22] with factoextra and FactoMineR packages [23,24].	3
As the research questions sought to identify diverse kinds of research outputs produced for the academic community and non-academic end users, and routes for their dissemination, summative content analysis (SCA) has been conducted (Hsieh & Shannon, 2005).	3
Recently, multiple medical specialties have ranked articles within their fields by citation frequency [1–6].	0
The bibliographic data are then downloaded from the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) database, and the titles, keywords, and abstracts are extracted from the bibliography as the core data.	2
Our results reveal interesting motifs in the ecosystem of inter-domain topics.	5
Here we present the results of a case study covering a large research center in the field of environment and sustainability science.	2
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 210 times since 2006*	0
The first prominent studies in Spanish research have also appeared, albeit not yet becoming established as such on the international stage during the last decade.	4
To give the same credit to each collaborating country, we have used the complete counting method instead of the fractional one: an article that represents an international collaboration (with at least two different countries included in the authorship credits) is counted once for each country listed.	3
Statistical analyses were conducted using SPSS (Released 2013; IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 22.0, IBM Corp, Armonk, New York).	3
An analysis of the editorial structure indicates the presence of journal proprietor in 94.7 percent (340 titles) journals.	4
The project comprised 10 research groups and involved more than 37 researchers and PhD students (see Appendix 1).	2
The findings of this study revealed the relationship between the LIS and data mining research domains.	4
Ale Ebrahim is with the Research Support Unit, Centre for Research Services, University of Malaya, Kuala Lumpur.	0
Received 5 April 2024; Received in revised form 22 November 2024; Accepted 19 December 2024	0
Our study reveals new and wide inconsistencies in the quartile methods and benchmarks which should be taken into account, even when one resorts to using them as a “necessary evil”.	5
In this study, bibliometric analysis was used to reveal the top-100 cited articles of biomarkers in CHD field for the first time, in order to provide an insight on the citation frequency of top-cited articles published on biomarkers in CHD field, to help recognize the quality of the works, discoveries, and the research trends steering biomarkers in CHD field, hoping to provide a reference for future research in this field.	1
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
The empirically observed distribution of the papers’ fitnesses by Wang et al.	2
The identification of publications coauthored by different researchers registered in the Lattes Platform was performed using a deterministic procedure that compared any two publications to determine equal (or similar) matches between them.	3
Number of published articles per year from 1994 to 2008, total, and of the five most productive countries on the topic "Adriatic" (top), with the percentage of countries over total "Adriatic" publications (bottom).	0
We estimated simple event-study time-series models for each journal (Wooldridge, 2018).	3
In order to provide a nuanced understanding of temporal diversity, this analysis thus focused on papers published between 1950 and 2016.	2
Analysis of the sources of knowledge of the Finnish research system with the above-described citation analysis enables us to examine the manner in which their geographical location has shifted over a 15-year period, and casts new light on the way in which Finland has integrated into the ERA and how the integrative dynamics unfold in the ERA.	3
To account for the simultaneous nature of these characteristics, we use an instrumental variables (IV) estimator, two-stage least squares (2sls), which allows us to parse out those differences and get a clearer picture of the extent of editorial decisions on impact factors.	3
How is the distribution of social media metrics across fields?	1
In summary, one can conclude that the studies published in Information rely on a broad scientific basis with a thematic focus on set theory and machine learning.	5
First, we review research on the relationship between funding and international research collaboration.	0
Our main finding in this work is that innovative publications occur significantly more often than expected in the periphery of the bibliographic coupling network.	5
This research has been funded by the Spanish National R&D Plan (SEJ-2004-08052-C02-01 and CSO-2008-03100/SOCI).	0
Two important databases of the h-index are the the ISI-Thomson Reuters and the Publish or Perish – Google Scholar.	2
The interview material was pre-structured according to template analysis (King 2012), in order to facilitate attributional coding and an affordance analysis.	3
We then used Open Refine, an open-source data cleaning tool, to extract all cited references from the export files.	3
This study analyzes management research published by Latin American countries between 1990 and 2019.	1
The framework uses citation network analysis along with BM25 while computing the base weight of each paper for generating the first result.	3
Subsequently, we relate the development of these digital platforms to a broader 'quantified self movement'.	1
In addition, it also predicts the citation impact of a missing paper on one of those databases, based on the citation impact on the other database.	4
First, it examines the exchange of international students.	1
It examines the fundamental role of foreign programmes and new forms of academic cooperation in African science.	1
the sum of each row in the document-topic matrix) equals 100%.	0
By analysing the annual publication distribution, the citation structure, the co-citation and cooperation networks, and the significant contributors in terms of countries and regions, institutions, cited journals and authors, the status of Baltic Journal of Road and Bridge Engineering is comprehensively presented.	3
An earlier version of this paper was presented at the 11th Wageningen International Conference on Chain and Network Management.	0
Among those who reported grant funding levels, HSR&D CDAs from FY1991–2010 had been PI on more grants of $100,000 than NIH K awardees.	4
Of the total sample set, 87% of studies relied on WoS, while 21% used Scopus or a combination of WoS and Scopus (Table 2).	4
The outcomes from the portfolio approach are always at least equally impactful than the ones from the merit-based approach.	5
In addition, TSC is an efficient way of organizing researchers, showing high productivity.	5
The citation situation of correction notices was more complex than expected and could be classified into five types.	4
The numbers are the means (±SEM) of annual growth-rates (in percents of the previous year) in the given time period	0
The model of providing small grants to exploratory research proves to be a useful model to create opportunities for transformative research when used by research agencies seeking to fund important developments in science.	5
D. candidate at the School of Systems Science, Beijing Normal University, Beijing.	0
European Journal of Education published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd	0
Moreover, it is well known that these regularities are mathematically equivalent, so that, e.g.	0
The results indicate that textual content of the review reports and their confidence scores have high level of consistency at the word, sentence, and aspect levels.	4
These networks were extracted from the collaboration records of LES-CIE-IER-UNAM, and a selection of these networks representing the dates of the structural changes is shown in Figure 9.	2
The proportion of lead authors peaks in teams of size two, authors exclusively playing direct support roles summit in teams of size 11, and those only in indirect support roles reach their maximum at teams of 25 members (Fig.	4
First, open access articles were cited more than articles that were not available in free full-text.	4
Instruction on the topic should be provided to medical trainees throughout medical school and continued during further training.	5
By using publications from Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC), Fosso Wamba and his colleagues published an interesting and comprehensive paper in Technological Forecasting and Social Change to explore the structure and dynamics of artificial intelligence (AI) scholarship.	1
We found a scaling relationship between CBP and collaboration patterns of Cuban articles in the Natural Sciences indexed in the Web of Science.	5
during 55 years ofhis service periodplus retirement period.	5
Table 1 Top 10 countries contributed to research publications in the field of spine surgery	0
Our aim was to examine whether there has been a change in the proportion of PubMed content indexed in MEDLINE, and if so, whether PMC is contributing to this shift.	1
The study was carried out with the scientometrics approach and using co-authorship network analysis of authors.	3
Our analysis did not reveal any difference between the number of COVID-19 case reports' authors and the number of other infectious disease case reports' authors.	5
3, there is a journal concentration in financial accounting and audit topics.	4
For such papers, their CNCI is calculated as an average of CNCIs within each discipline (Clarivate, 2018, p.	3
The objective of this paper is to empirically uncover general types of citation trajectories based on the observed paper citation time series and examine whether evergreens constitute a general type of citation trajectory.	1
When examining the performance of the types of institutions for code 17, the Go8 institutions obtained significantly higher scores than did the ATN, RUN or the non-aligned institutions but not in comparison to the IRU, across the sampled years.	4
Here, I study a sample of 1460 foreign faculty in research-intensive US universities, using publicly available academic records to reconstruct career histories and create a longitudinal panel.	1
Topics are sourced from the themes of the articles published by each author.	0
By documenting contributions through this multi-step process, this approach ensures meaningful engagement by each author listed on a publication.	3
We suppose this unexpected shift reflects the effort of researchers to discuss COVID-related problems increasingly in non-health fields of science where the impacts of the pandemic also call for solutions.	0
(2014) who found life sciences to have the highest h-index, followed by sciences, engineering social sciences and humanities (Table 4).	4
This section will introduce findings according to the above-mentioned six indexes and discuss about them.	0
For a more effective evaluation, both peer reviews and econometric evaluation methods should be used together.	5
In a typical scenario in which a peer-reviewed journal has to match the uncertain manuscript's quality with its quality standard, quality improvement is restricted by the journal's quality standard.	1
We next explore how Hwang's scientific celebrity status influences the patenting performance of other inventors (H3).	3
I identify two models for producing value within academic science: a commodity-based model whereby laboratories mobilize their assets to produce results, which can be converted into publications for the accumulation of credibility capital, and a rentier model of accumulation whereby laboratories own valuable assets, which they rent out to others outside their lab against revenue.	4
The comparison was conducted on the basis of the articles indexed by Web of Science between 2009 and 2013 and their citation counts as of August 2019.	2
Of the total funding, only 3.2% was available for public health research.	4
The method of recognising citations via a neural network has a wide range of possible applications.	5
In the following sections, we will draw on 3 examples to build a comparative analysis of what is at stake when REF-related assetisation processes steer University governance.	1
The purpose of this study was to analyze the prevailing situation of stroke research using TCAM at a global scale, highlight the trends in several key countries, explore changes in journals and the networks among institutes and authors, and finally summarize the key areas on the topic.	1
Thus, we examine a number of bibliometric indicators provided by the JCR report, which represent some of the metrics commonly employed today in the research evaluation:	3
(Obviously, a randomized controlled trial is a specific form of interven- tion study).	0
The findings of this study have implications for academic researchers who consider domestic and international mobility, and for Ph.D.	5
We believe the problem is not the JIF itself, but rather the way in which we use it to measure individual performances or chose journals to submit work to.	5
A core set of journals and other resources where they publish and from which they cite;	1
Cross-sectional bibliometric analysis of top-cited articles that were indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded from 1980 to 2018.	2
Total Cites to Schools and Mean Cites per Senior Professor at Comparison Schools	0
The FS-UNS co-authorship network was constructed from 14986 publications authored by 423 FS-UNS researchers and their 5690 external co-authors.	2
We use the Altmetrics Explorer platform of Altmetric.com to search ISSNs of 66 international OA journals collected in JCR between China and USA, and use “Type of output: Articles, Publication Date: 2015-01-01 to 2016-12-31(It is consistent with the data period of 2017JCR), Retrieval time: 2018-09-11”.	2
However, the ratio of foreign-educated professors varies significantly among academic fields.	4
The goal of this study is to quantify the Ukrainian research output in A&H based on Scopus data and perform country-wise comparison.	1
Liking and retweeting appear to be the most prevalent engagement behaviors around scholarly information.	4
The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) directory (www.csir.res.in/external/heads/aboutcsir/lab_directory.htm) is used to identify the research institutions in India.	2
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=recs20	0
A process was programmed to take the first DOI characters before the ‘/’ while discarding the rest, then it cross referenced and replaced these first characters with the publishers’ names, and then it summed downloads of each publisher.	3
On a sample of 377 articles published between 1982 and 2010, and using the works rather than the authors as the unit of analysis, we analyze citations, co-citations and a spatial visualization of the intellectual research themes delved into.	2
To measure the journal impact factor for Progress in Transplantation over time and to also identify related journals indexed in transplantation and surgery.	1
Conversely, IRC with the South (regardless of the modality) can increase bibliographic production by 46%.	4
The strong correlation between AAG and NI-ORG surely points to a high assortativity of the institutions that act as guarantors with respect to the institutions that collaborate with them.	4
Semi-structured interviews were held with experts for discovering the causes of misconduct.	2
Our blueprint is as follows: once a manuscript is accepted, authors should be asked (i) whether it was previously rejected, and if so, where; (ii) the manuscript titles of previous submissions, as titles may change.	3
The period of observation of research results is 2008–2012.	2
As authors, we believe that bibliometric analysis is an incredibly useful tool for trainees looking for both research direction and potential destinations for specialist fellowships.	5
See Table 4 and Figure 7 for a breakdown of mean differences for each subject area.	0
For China, the average citation count per article for international collaborative articles was three times that of single country articles.	5
Starting with Model defined by Eq 1 we estimate the contributions of variance from the various sources: the applicant effect, the rater effect, the school effect, applicant-school matching effects, and the residual: σ2Y = σ2A + σ2B + σ2S + σ2AS + σ2e.	3
Based on GS's full text recognition, the authors found 74 percent of WoS items openly available and the citation median of these was twice as high as for documents behind paywalls.	4
SPACE builds on design principles released by DORA (an organization set up to promote best practices in the assessment of scholarly research) in 2020 (Hatch and Schmidt, 2020b), and a five-step approach to responsible evaluation called SCOPE that was developed by the International Network of Research Management Societies (INORMS; Himanen and Gadd, 2019).	2
We propose that the selection of panel members could be informed by some mock assessments.	5
RQ1: Are there field differences in the extent to which journals that are specialist (according to their official Scopus fields) publish articles that match their official Scopus field(s)?	1
The particular item in routine monitoring that is pertinent here is 'country of origin analysis' of AJET's acceptances of submissions, for which the underlying question is whether AJET is providing a fair and adequate representation for researchers in Asian countries, with particular reference to AJET's aspiration to be 'a front ranked international journal with an Australasian character' (Atkinson & McLoughlin, 2007, p.	1
There is a general growth of interregional collaboration, indicating a rising internationalization of the social sciences.	4
The various measures of output from basic research are summarized in an excellent review by Martin and Irvine [4].	0
The opinion may widely vary as to what constitutes a representative set of keywords for a given conference held annually.	0
The other indices failed to distinguish junior academic ranks (associated professor-assistant professor) in addition to chairperson-professor.	4
One of the biggest overall comparative findings is that awareness and assessments of open access have remained relatively stable over the 5 years between 2013 and 2018, although engagement with open access has increased significantly.	5
Our productivity measures (PROD) show a significant overrepresentation of authors with very low productivity indices (Figure 1).	4
To identify whether bibliometric indicators are able to predict the final decisions of the peers in the opening Investigador FCT, we used regression models, more precisely the logistic regression (Hosmer, Lemeshow and Sturdivant 2013).	3
Ranking of individuals by theoretical econometrics publications based on standardized page counts, 1989–2005	0
We first start by describing the main characteristics of the IEOR network.	0
The results show an increasing trend in the use of fsQCA at the expense of csQCA due to the advantages offered by the former regarding the inclusion of conditions with a degree of membership in the set.	5
Indicators in Table 3 show this project increased cohesiveness amongst team members in all the dimensions, supporting participants' statements to this effect.	4
The latest results show the firm signs that the increase in the number of article readings may have reached a plateau among US academics, while time spent per article reading has levelled off.	5
The strata should be mutually exclusive: every element in the population must be assigned only to one stratum.	0
This paper established an evaluation index system by determining the attributes and choosing the appropriate bibliometric indicators.	5
Except for 2 years, the annual number of articles is 4 or below.	0
We also analyzed factors restricting OA development in China and have proposed corresponding countermeasures.	1
Specifically, the correlation among the rank of each journal, according to the Sj index and the rank according to the Sj-adj index, is about 0.98.	4
Utilizing a GPT embedding model, we generated embeddings for textual analysis, visualizing and examining their semantic interrelations.	3
Drawing upon the theory of innovation diffusion, the study examines the role of awareness, three organization variables (publication size, age of the journal, and experience of editors), and attributes of e-journals (relative advantage, compatibility, complexity, trialability and observability) as influences to the rate of e-journal publishing adoption.	1
Table 1 indicates that for all disciplines, articles written by two authors attracted, on average, more citations than solo articles but there are five different patterns of increasing citations with number of authors.	4
OA share is very high in Fundamental Biology and much less so in Computer Science and Engineering (see European Commission 2019; Gargouri et al.	4
This study was designed to explore the impact of the literature supported by library OA funds, as well as summarize fund guidelines and criteria.	1
Quantitative analysis was done using Excel, while the qualitative analysis was carried out using the statistical package SPSS.	3
The author would like to thank the anonymous reviewers for their insightful comments and extend special thanks to Dr.	0
The first three consecutive rounds of NSQ were analyzed, i.e., 2012, 2013, and 2016.	2
This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.	0
Lab research ethics climate was measured using three items developed by Solomon et al.	2
For this scope, a bibliometric survey has been carried out to investigate the journal's historic characteristics in the Web of Science (WoS) categories of environmental sciences and environmental engineering for Ambio from 1980 to 2019.	1
From the uncovered relationships between information theory and the selection of manuscripts of high quality, it follows some basic guidelines for improving the journal publishing performance:	5
39 or 76 %) indicated that bureaucracy may be a barrier to collaboration.	4
We can use preprint platforms (e.g., arXiv,1 PeerJ Pre-Prints,2) or journals published in open access journals (e.g., PLOS ONE3) that allow people to re-text materials legally.	3
Pauline Mattsson (corresponding author) is at the Unit for Bio-entrepreneurship, UBE, Karolinska Institutet, 171 77 Stockholm, Sweden; and the Technopolis Group, Grevgatan 15, 114 53 Stockholm, Sweden.	0
Finally, we report a case study of two fields that underwent repeated merging and splitting around 1995, and how these Kuhnian events are correlated with breakthroughs on Bose-Einstein condensation (BEC), quantum teleportation, and slow light.	4
We studied publications in 2012, recording the JIF in 2012 and the number of citations that these papers received in 2014-2017.	2
This work lends support to pooled regression analysis to unravel the driving forces that determine the delay in the Nobel Prize award across sciences (Physics, Chemistry, and Medicine).	3
By surveying the reputations of the preselected 207 awards, 90 important international academic awards with above-average reputations were identified.	3
Using a database of potential, possible, or probable predatory scholarly open-access journals, the objective of this research is to study the penetration of predatory publications in the Brazilian academic system and the profile of authors in a cross-section empirical study.	1
These were broken down into four broad domains, based on the journals in which they are published: Natural Science and Engineering (NSE), Biomedical Sciences (BIOMED), Social Sciences (SS) and Arts and Humanities (AH).	2
Received 18 December 2018; Received in revised form 26 November 2019; Accepted 1 July 2020	0
The dataset is composed of scientific publications by authors from Belgium (BE), Denmark (DK), Netherlands (NL), Norway (NO), Switzerland (CH), and Sweden (SE).	2
We are interested in papers with “Lublin” in their address field.	2
There were 931 academic persons in cardiac surgery, 1,486 in general surgery, and 1,814 in cardiology with 12,096 publications related to these persons on PubMed.	2
Bibliometric data on the four epidemics-related studies published until 31 December 2020 and COVID-19-related studies published until 20 March 2021, were retrieved from the Web of Science (WoS) core collection, and case data of these diseases were collected from the official website of the World Health Organization (WHO).	2
I use a snapshot of Medline, a large-scale bibliographic dataset for the biomedical research literature.	2
Indeed, compared to their contemporaries, the papers our keyword analysis identifies as innovative accumulate citations at more than twice the background rate.	4
In the Physical Review journals, for example, around 30 % of the papers published from 1893 through 2003 got one or no citations at all (Redner 2005).	2
Our analysis revealed that network centrality, clustering and tie diversity generally have a significant positive impact on innovation output (the number of patents) and the quality of innovations (measured by the number of citations).	5
6): Phase I (1995–2007) and Phase II (2008- 2016).	4
Finardi (University of Torino, Italy) and Ceris staff for comments and fruitful suggestions, as well as Diego Margon and Silvana Zelli for their excellent research assistance.	0
This script is able to conduct searches on the ISI Web of Knowledge (WoK) search service and automatically export a full record of all the results, 500 by 500 (the limit imposed by WoK).	3
Our detailed examination of the entire population of Polish academic scientists and scholars visible in the last decade in global science and holding at least a PhD (N=20,569) clearly indicates that using academic age as a proxy for biological age in academic career studies works well for STEMM disciplines.	5
Two indicators were used in this paper to measure algorithm performance: mean average precision (MAP), and normalized discounted cumulative gain (nDCG) [30].	3
The retrieval strategy (Chinese translated into English) was as follows: (SU=rescue OR SU = emergency) AND (SU= disaster OR SU = natural disaster OR SU = accident disaster OR SU=public health incident OR SU = social security incident) AND (SU=medicine OR SU=health), covering the period of 1980-2016.	2
This finding is robust to a range of different ways of measuring research productivity and impact and alternative econometric approaches, including using two-stage least squares to address the endogeneity of academic seniority, grant history and the status of the law school at which the legal academic is employed.	4
The target criteria publication performance (total authorship, first/senior authorship, and co-authorship) and teaching performance (number of years) are described by the maximum (max), minimum (min), median (quartile 2), quartile 1 (Q1), and quartile 3 (Q3).	3
Received July 7, 2014; revised November 6, 2014; accepted November 7, 2014.	0
In Digital Marketing, the capture of consumers' personal data from social networks is essential for better targeting of commercial actions.	1
The most dramatic change observed was the quickly disappearing link between the science that is published in top-tier journals and the research that is accepted for publication by the megajournals, which seek to publish “sound science” instead of science that is not only sound but also advances the respective research field.	5
The WoS published by Thomson Reuters, USA, is the on-line version of Science Citation Index (SCI)-Expanded	2
Nanotechnology does not exhibit disciplinary character- istics in terms of its journal environment in the period under study.	4
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Interviews were semistructured in nature and were conducted by TD using a semistructured interview guide.	3
We examined numbers of collaborative publications with domestic and foreign co-authors; the status of collaboration with other African countries; the location of the 'drivers' of the research (with 'drivers' indicated by first or last authorship); and expected and observed citation counts - used as an indicator of impact – over time.	3
The results of a χ2 test suggest that subject communities are likely related to co-citation communities in the ≥3, ≥5, and ≥7 networks but are independent of co-citation communities in the ≥9 network (Table 2).	4
However, the mean proportion of ECS (co-)authoring a paper decreased asymptotically from 48% to 35% during the same period (Figure 1b).	4
This function is performed by the Thomson Reuters selection of journals.	0
In our estimation, changes in the WCU market will slow down.	4
These classifications were not mutually exclusive: 49 journals were classified in more than one research area and 38 journals were not classified in any area.	0
Full professorship as well as Doctor of Philosophy acquisition were associated with an increase in mean and weighted RCR scores.	4
This metric is based on the 250 top cited researchers in the disciplinary categories defined in the WoS.	2
This paper will use Excel and SPSS, and adopt descriptive statistical analysis, grouping analysis and correlation analysis to conduct statistics and analysis of sample data.	3
This shows that SI articles receive 34% more citations than RI articles.	4
Knowledge domain visualisation, co-citation analysis and social network analysis methods were used.	3
It updates a similar analysis published in 2006 and determines whether citation patterns have changed over time.	1
The strong correlation was found between the h-index and its five citation intensity based variants.	4
Multilevel exponential random graph models (mERGM) reveal that the more specializations departments share, the more likely they are to exchange personnel.	4
All subgroups analyzed had an RCR value above 1.0.	4
Korean and Chinese authors have made most contributions, way ahead of the rest.	4
Considering the growing number of publications on cancer in Iran, particularly in recent years, the present research attempts to characterize the co-authorship network of cancer-focused researches conducted by Iran-based researchers that are published in Web of Science Service during the time period of 2000-2013.	1
By comparing the values of the two matrices, it can be seen that the values are higher or lower.	0
This paper has allowed us to present the evolution of neuromarketing, neuroaesthetics, and consumer neuroscience during the last decade.	5
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2022	0
All statistical analyses were performed using routines of SAS?v9.4 (Statistical Analysis System Institute, Cary, North Carolina), including correlation (PROC CORR), multiple regression (PROC REG), cluster (PROC CLUSTER & FASTCLUS) and path analyses (PROC CALIS).	3
The OpenRank methodology extracts the values of ranking indicators using the selected data sets against the following four categories: research productivity (RP), academic quality (AQ), academic sustainability (AS) and international factor (IF).	3
The introduction contains a very high number of references (more than one reference per sentence), and the same remains true for all the journals we examined.	4
Cette analyse conceptuelle s'appuie sur une description empirique des pratiques de signature en physique des particules au sein des deux collaborations ATLAS et CMS.	2
The Higgs boson publications analyzed here were published between 1974 and August 2013 (08-08-2013).	2
The usage preferences on information sources helped in shortlisting Google Scholar's user-interface as a basis for the user-interface design for the assistive system.	5
That no monetary remuneration is paid to the actual suppliers of productive services, is a specificity to academia.	0
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
A study in Saudi Arabia found that the second most common reason for researchers there to avoid 'deep web' databases was that 'most of the resources available through the invisible web is [sic] in English'—a statement with which 85% of respondents either 'agreed' or 'strongly agreed' (Alyamu & Assiri, 2018, p.	4
Our conclusions build on a detailed and comprehensive description of structural, procedural, and discursive characteristics of observed meetings of a research team in optical physics.	3
Correspondence should be sent to Cengiz Acarturk, Department of Cognitive Science, Jagiellonian University, 31-044 Krakow, Poland.	0
In a sample of basic medical research papers published by the world's top scientists in basic medicine, we came to the following conclusions: the three indicators, APT, TS and Cited by Clin., measured the clinical translation intensity of the papers from different perspectives.	5
This paper examines the transition to next generation active nanotechnologies which incorporate functions that respond to the environment or systems concepts that combine devices and structures that are dynamic and which may change their states in use.	1
We are presenting the results of a survey with 3,500 research faculty members.	1
The relationships of the high-frequency MeSH terms were evaluated by the relationship networks conducted by the software Ucinet 6 (Analytic Technologies Co., Lexington, KY, USA), and the MeSH terms with close relationships were aggregated into clusters.	3
The gender comparisons are further tested with generalised linear models (GLM), which are known to be quite robust with regard to normality assumptions, as they correct for overdispersion (Nelder and Wedderburn 1972).	3
The study population includes all individuals working at a geoscience degree-granting institution in the United States who have earned a Ph.D.	2
I found that both capital and institutions were important in collaboration decisions.	4
According to the findings of the panel Autoregressive Distributed Lag-Pooled Mean Group (ARDL-PMG), the Feasible Generalized Least Squares (FGLS), and the Panel-Corrected Standard Error (PCSE) methods semiconductors and AI have a significant long-term impact on accelerating renewable energy production.	3
We obtained a total of 485 articles (Appendix A), comprising (Fig.	2
The average clustering coefficient, the relative size of the giant component and the average shortest path of the network are 82.5%, 99.2% and 2.225, respectively, indicating a small world of algorithms in the NLP domain.	4
To calculate the degree to which these journals are related, we applied the mean of the normalized values of three measures: citation, co-citation, and bibliographic coupling.	3
As revealed in Figure 2, the average citations in Figure 4a are biased toward the paper types with older papers, while the average downloads in Figure 4b are biased toward the paper types with younger papers.	0
We introduce an algorithm that matches Jeffrey Beall's lists (Beall 2016a, b) of publishers and standalone journals with the Source title list from Scopus and achieve a significantly better rate of detection than in previous studies (Bagues et al.	3
This article does not contain any studies with human participants or animals performed by any of the authors.	0
This is a (current) limitation of using bibrep.ado instead of h-index values to assess the performance of single researchers.	5
What is the disciplinary distribution of each type of comment?	1
In terms of methodologies, qualitative methodologies are the most relevant and women are more prolific applying these methodology.	4
In addition to our individual-level examination of the GFT, we use network analysis methods to investigate the department level.	3
A separation between the communication and certification functions of publishing is identified: open initiatives are valued for efficient and interactive communication while traditional publishing still dominates the legitimacy of research publications, which leads to the quandary of individual academics operating within the transitional landscape of scholarly communication.	4
The records of 154 Nobel Prize-winning papers were retrieved through the Web of Science (WoS) and their Sparking Indices were calculated.	2
The characteristics, geographic distribution and reasons for retraction of published articles involving human research participants were examined in this survey.	5
By processing semantic linkages data collected in RIS one can build at least two types of new scientometric indicators: (1) statistical aggregators of research objects properties (e.g.	3
Table 1 also tells us that science journals in SCI have a publication frequency that is most commonly monthly, and that 1688 monthly journals account for 45.18% all SCI journals.	4
5) which uses sound-based, token-based, and character-based information from a pair of names to provide a similarity score.	3
Samples were selected from top stomatological education institutions using the following steps.	2
The third and final contribution is the discovery of three different ways that Committee Members at the micro-level relate to articulations of the discourses of internationalisation and excellence.	5
Integrated rankings with the use of this method were then compared with journal rankings based on their ISI Impact Factor values.	4
All measures of productivity were highly correlated with one another (r > .6 for all comparisons).	4
However, the analysis of existing literature and other available data sources allow us to assume that language, financial commitment, inadequate regulatory frameworks and diverse interests are amongst the potential challenges.	5
This study aims to investigate the trend of TNBC research and compare the contribution of research from different regions, organizations, and authors.	1
In order further to explore the critical factors of collection awakening phenomenon, this study adopted the XGBoost algorithm based on gain change to analyze, identified and determined the relative importance of different factors, and thus enabled the ranking of importance.	3
Averaging the percentage of female recipients across all six award categories yielded roughly 25%, which was significantly different from equal representation.	4
The Royal Society of Chemistry is committed to investigating and addressing the barriers and biases which face women in the chemical sciences.	1
This finding suggests that postdoctoral mobility may be an indicator of an academic's struggle to find a permanent position after the PhD, which is line with evidence for Spain and France.	5
The results obtained for the Jaccard Index (both unweighted and weighted versions) confirmed that this measurement is the most effective measurement to predict future citations, achieving 84.9% and 83.5% of precision when predicting the top 10,000 top edges, respectively for JC and WJC.	4
This paper argues that bibliometric measures and peer review should be applied simultaneously to evaluate IRO.	1
The purpose of this study was to clarify how peer reviewers affect the relative rate of acceptance of manuscripts submitted to AJR: American Journal of Roentgenology.	1
GS and WoS were used to view the status of citations.	3
The USA was the largest contributor, with 4462 articles published over 5 years.	4
These records were imported into the Vantage Point software (Search 2010), and its Natural Language Processing feature generated the Title and Abstract phrases (in the present context, a phrase is one or more adjacent words contained in the text).	3
Our data (Table 1) indicate that habilitation panels very often include a CK member: on average, this happens in two out of three cases.	4
Importantly, we find that the citation premium of newness increases with greater topic focus.	4
The model for the study follows the power-law approach used in Ronda-Pupo and Katz (2016) where CBP stands for citation-based performance, D for degree centrality of countries in the international collaborative network, k is a constant (intercept) and α is the scaling factor (slope of the log-log regression line).	3
cross-sectional and cohort studies), published from 01/01/ 1996 to 30/09/2012 (i.e.	2
Subscripts such as p have been omitted for clarity; dij is the Kronecker delta, and Hn is the nth harmonic number	0
The weight function that denotes the influence of article age in the citation network can be represented as follows: Citei,j (t) = 1/2 tanh((t + α)/β) + 1/2.	3
Among them, evaluation has the most significant impact on research productivity.	4
Convenience sampling of nine research staff at various career stages within social sciences groups working in computer science at two universities.	2
where I = impact factor, X = weight given to the position of authorship.	3
This study was made possible through a grant by the Swedish Council for Research in the Humanities and Social Sciences (HSFR).	0
Descriptions of the six indicators can be found in Table 1.	0
We analyzed 829,924 articles that received 16,490,346 citations.	2
Based on bibliographic data, we analyzed the most used keywords and their connections in the Corylus avellana research field for 2000–2009 and 2010–2019.	3
EE is a unique, transdisciplinary, journal that cites and is cited by a broad range of other sources.	5
We filtered that information for the disciplinary and sub-disciplinary areas corresponding to Ecology and identified a total of 14 ecologists with residence in Chile that appear in either of those two world-wide rankings.	1
Our findings about outcomes from the NIH CRTP provide career outcomes for a cohort of program graduates who have completed all of their training, post professional school.	5
Overall, researchers reported a total of 14,526 publications (research papers, books/book chapters, patents and popular articles), out of which Nepal based researchers had significantly less publication (33%) than those of stationed in foreign countries (67%; TPZT: χ2=3243.1, P<0.001), which included international peer-reviewed articles (37%) and national peer-reviewed articles (31%).	4
The 'Double First-rate University' project is a world-class university project initiated in 2016 in China.	0
We found error rates of less than 10 percent for all individual elements across all three journals.	4
Data for the Iranian articles were obtained from the Scopus database.	2
In this study, 20.3% of retracted publications were cited in systematic reviews.	5
In our work, we tried to use network data creatively to estimate editorial bias in four computer science journals, without recurring to in-depth information on manuscripts, authors or reviewers involved.	1
DPH research published in DPHJs had some unique features and greater focus on the themes of quality of life, socioeconomic factors and health behaviour/education/promotion than other groups of journals.	5
In an attempt to answer some of these questions, we conducted two parallel surveys – one involving authors from China, Japan, and South Korea (hereafter East Asia), and another involving editors of international English-language journals.	2
The paper focuses on the robustness of rankings of academic journal quality and research impact of 10 leading econometrics journals taken from the Thomson Reuters ISI Web of Science (ISI) Category of Economics, using citations data from ISI and the highly accessible Research Papers in Economics (RePEc) database that is widely used in economics, finance and related disciplines.	1
Competing interests: PG and PC are Associate editor and Editor-in-Chief of Indian Pediatrics, respectively.	0
The purpose of this study is to make a holistic summary of the articles published in the field of Legal Medicine/ Forensic Science through bibliometric methods, determine the top cited publications in the field, and to determine the most active journals and especially trend topics.	1
Nevertheless, the percentage of publications correctly assigned according to the validation shows an accuracy of 72.90%.	4
Of these authors, only 36.2% published more than one article.	4
Tel.: +370 5 274 49 10; fax: +370 5 270 0112.	0
This study uses the method of citation context analysis to compare differences in citation contexts, including cited concepts and citation functions, between natural sciences (NS) and social sciences and humanities (SSH), based on articles citing Little Science, Big Science (LSBS) published between 1963 and 2010.	1
The h-index reported by the GS database tends to be higher than that from WoS in sports medicine, although one can be estimated from the other due to a very strong correlation between these values.	5
Many publishers considered the cascade of articles rejected by more selective journals in their portfolio to the OAMJ as an extremely important factor in the growth and sustainability of the megajournal.	4
Water research has been being a hot issue in academia.	5
The largest observed group in our sample were from master's Colleges and Universities: Larger Programs, M1 category, (N=350; 28.83%), whereas the smallest observed group were from baccalaureate Colleges: Diverse Fields, B/DF category, (N=47; 3.87%).	4
The most common level of evidence was level IV.	4
In summary, honorary authorship is relatively common in biomedical research.	5
During 2005–2015 publications by authors affiliated in Argentina increased 56% in the Science Citation Index Expanded (Web of Science, now Clarivate), a meagre performance compared with Brazil (118%) and Chile (114%) (UNESCO 2016).	2
We use the Semantic Scholar Open Research Corpus for our analyses (Ammar et al.	2
Searches were hence carried out for the strings "data* mining”, “operating system*" and "web design" with the retrieved records satisfying all of the following three search criteria: the string had to occur in either the Title or the Topic fields of a record (the latter including the abstract and both author and database keywords); the record had been assigned one of the seven Computer Science subject categories in the WoS Categories field; and the record had at least one author with an address in the People's Republic of China (for which the searches included both Hong Kong and mainland China).	3
1In addition to the Chinese ("Kanji") characters, Japanese uses two other sets (Hiragana and Katakana) containing phonetic characters.	0
Limited information is available in the retraction notices, unless explicitly stated, so it is challenging to distinguish between an honest error and research misconduct.	5
was selected for collecting the impact factor of the journals in which the articles were published, and the result was integrated into another dataset.	2
In the concluding remarks, our study's findings support the concept of technological determinism.	5
All journals covered in this database between 2006 and 2009 with at least 100 publications in this period are taken into account.	2
We examined the scientific outputs from Malaysia between 1982 and 2014 and classified the names of Malaysian researchers into one of these three groups and two others.	1
The result of this comparison is that for the majority of these journals and for most of the publication years the CpP of non-English papers is lower than that of the English language papers.	4
Overall, the results indicated that the focal scholarly impact metrics represent one factor with relatively high loadings (>.60) when metrics of each source (i.e., Google Scholar, Publish-or-Perish, and ResearchGate) are examined separately and three factors albeit with cross-loadings when the metrics of all three sources are examined simultaneously.	4
In this article, we apply Max Weber's ideal types of fief and benefice feudalism to elite and non-elite chemistry departments in the USA.	1
From these, the scientists who work in otorhinolaryngology and head and neck surgery and sub-branches were selected.	2
Our scientometric analysis involved a set of quantitative indicators (based on document recount), plus performance ones to measure impact and excellence (based on citation recount) and international collaboration.	3
To facilitate readability in the following sections, we provide the notations used throughout the paper in Table 2.	0
After fetching the Excel files, the data is processed and merged with a custom R script in RStudio.	3
Of those 463 dermatologists, 372 (80.3%) were successfully matched with scholarly output (publications) on Scopus (Figure S1).	2
Statistics of Dataset showing Group A and B w.r.t IP and VP.	0
* Henceforth, we dispense with mentioning the alternative type of function.	0
If the causation explanation for the results is accepted as likely to be at least partly true, then the results underpin the importance of encouraging impactful researchers to help research teams to achieve the best results from their tasks.	5
After data reduction and clean-up, 4840 original research articles and reviews remained.	2
The survey findings presented in this paper suggest that the RAE has affected differently different levels of the system; for example, one respondent commented that RAE 2008 processes had more implications at individual than departmental level, while the opposite was true in the case of RAE outcomes.	5
A method for the analysis of qualitative data is the degrees of freedom analysis (DoFA), published in 1975.	3
The journal started publication in the year 1993; however, due to limited availability of data, only the records ranging from 2002 to 2020 are considered.	2
We considered highly prestigious awards that had over 50% of their recipients classified as highly cited researchers (HCRs) by Clarivate Analytics.	3
The impact of various demographic factors on the h-index and number of publications was determined using the Wilcoxon rank sum test with and without Bonferroni correction and non-parametric ANOVA.	3
The findings show that the identified common characteristics concern the emergence, organisation and funding of environments, revealing that such dynamic and innovative units share similar points of departure (with an international orientation), use strategic planning and have well-defined goals.	4
SOM-based science mapping offered a better comprehension of Mexican research areas during the last decade, allowing the analysis of specific characteristics and common links among research practices in different Mexican knowledge domains.	5
The study hypothesizes that if the distance is too large; it reflects the socially unsustainable situation in the network.	1
The 2022 Journal Citation Report published by Clarivate Analytics, a Web of Science group, was accessed to determine the top 30 OHNS journals with the highest impact factor (IF).	2
To identify closely related publications, co-citation is operationalized in three ways: (i) the standard co-citation method using Salton's cosine to obtain a normalized co-citation strength, where co-citation is operationalized at the publication level, (ii) the number of times another publication is cited together with the RP in a list of references in the text, i.e.	3
Articles not pertaining to pediatric RT (ie, adult population) were excluded.	2
To identify the structure of the most important scientific areas in domestic research, we used a cluster analysis of publications based on co-citation, made by K.	3
This article is published under the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY 4.0) licence.	0
Our goal is thus to provide the first up-to-date cross-country comparison of publication performance for post-communist EU member states, which we contrast with a set of similarly sized EU-15 (developed) economies.	1
The 2014 IFs and ESs were obtained from Journal Citation Report? (JCR) through WoS.	2
Unmaking e-waste requires technical skills such as identifying and testing components, but our participants emphasized that getting started with un-making e-waste could be done without expertise in electrical engineering or related fields.	4
Table 1 shows that almost half of the sample (42.8%) had engaged in some type of long-term mobility.	4
[12] and annotated by two domain experts and another one was collected by Faiza et al.	2
“Model specification" section introduces the econometric model employed in our study which is derived from the gravity equation.	0
In Great Britain, Germany, Spain, and Australia, the influence of male authors is even lower than that of female authors, although the number of published male authors is almost twice as much as the number of published female authors.	4
The Cronbach's a was 0.83 for the scale as a whole.	4
To get an accurate quantity, these items were then searched in Scopus since it reports an author quantity when there are a larger quantity of authors (enough to open a side panel when requesting to see the longer author list).	3
The definition of the X-centage value, X*, is as follows: X* is the smallest X value for which G(X) < X.	3
This article brings strong empirical support to Pasteur's sociological imagination, as we found that references in the scientific papers of six major producers of science were nationally biased in all broad disciplinary fields: natural science and engineering, biomedical sciences, social sciences and arts and humanities.	5
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Our empirical analysis estimates the probability for the researcher i in year t to be a member of the editorial board of at least one leading journal as a function of her characteristics.	3
In this research, we examine the issue from another perspective: the extent to which authors initially post their working papers through social network platforms before or during the review process so that their names and institutions are visible to reviewers even if the submitted journals practice double-blind reviewing.	1
Fourth, we recommend that feminist academic publications work toward affordable options for open access.	5
The documents used in this study were derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED) of the Web of Science Core Collection, Clarivate Analytics.	2
In this step we used the Clauset et al.	3
Whilst librarians have been advocates of open access, researchers' understanding of it is still limited; they have other pressures in regard to their publishing outputs, which also limits their adoption of open access practices.	5
Overall, our findings identify, counterintuitively, the nonexistence of inherent advantages of highly cited publications in receiving their first citations.	5
This study explores the extent to which bibliometric indicators of research quality-field weighted citation index, journal CiteScore, author h-index and mentions-influence the likelihood of SDG-related research being cited in policy documents.	1
South Africa has more repositories in ROAR and DOAR while Egypt has over 70% of African contributions to DOAJ.	4
From them we get 2735 valid references whose full texts are available in the data set.	2
We use both author keywords and title keywords in this study.	2
Determine the total number of citations in 2000 for articles published in 1998-1999.	0
This indicates that the research performance of high research performance authors surpassed that of prolific authors.	5
In order to compare the dependence of metadata elements on researcher participation levels, a statistical analysis was completed using the Kruskal-Wallis test, which indicated several significant relationships (see Table IV).	3
Based on the data in Appendix C, linear regression equations were constructed between ISSN/10 thousand people and GDP per capita, the second regression equation was constructed if the data for Luxembourg and Ireland are considered statistical outliers (Figure 1 and 2).	3
Relationships between different numerical variables (number of citations, number of acknowledged entities, number of words and number of sentences in the acknowledgement texts) were examined with the use of the Pearson correlation coefficient (Pearson's R).	3
The average connectivity degree of each RMS user also rose from 1.34 to 3.82, an increase of close to three hundred percent.	4
Based on our analysis, capacities of dynamic governance appear as two wholes rather than as four separate types.	4
Collaboration came next in order of magnitude, with a quarter of ECRs saying it was more difficult to build collaborations in pandemic times.	4
It appeared that 715 out of 789 publications (91%) are made by authors from the same country.	4
We Xeroxed copies of these two indecisive reviews, excluding journal identification, and asked six psychologists (all of whom serve as editorial consultants or editors) how they would rate the manuscript in question, on the basis of these referees' comments alone.	0
This study involved a systematic search and assessment of the literature only; it did not require ethics approval or consent to participate.	0
En el análisis correlacional bivariado se emplea el coeficiente Rho de Spearman y la prueba de hipótesis considera valores p inferiores a 0.05 como significativos.	3
We define China-authored papers as those produced by institutions located in Mainland China.	2
5 Department of Dental Medicine, University Hospital Center Zagreb, Zagreb, Croatia.	0
I used the same qualitative research methods, which combined semi-structured interviews with key interlocutors (in a total of 63 interviews), systematization of the material through the QSR-NVIVO data analysis program, simple coding and content analysis.	3
Repository managers of nine Russell Group University IRs in the UK.	2
To quantify impact, we relied primarily upon the h-index (a measure of lifetime scholarly impact) and the m-index (which adjusts for career length).	3
Are documents from Twitter users more tweeted than documents from non-Twitter users?	1
Consequently, the dataset comprises a total of 31,266,473 research papers.	2
1 California State University, Fullerton, 800 North State College Blvd, Fullerton, CA 92831, USA	0
The interview findings suggest that publications were treated by scientists as an element of exchange to strengthen relationships rather than just a way to disseminate results from scientific discoveries.	4
A disease burden map was created which visually linked specific manifestations with the impact on patients.	3
Pearson's correlation coefficient (r) determined the correlation between variables, and the proportion of variance in those correlations was analyzed with a coefficient of determination (R2).	3
The initial sample consisted of 66,207 criminological abstracts published from 2001 to 2020.	2
The social space of physics research institutions provides a map of field of physics in Russia.	5
It was found that the number of publications and citations related to genomics research has been steadily increasing over the years, indicating a growing interest and investment in the field as the Indian Council of Agricultural Research was the leading contributor to the field.	4
The present study describes the structural characteristics of China's COVID-19 patent cooperation network at the province, city, and applicant levels by using social network analysis based on data from the Incopat global patent database since 2020, which helps to clarify the current technology accumulation in this field in China, and provide patent information support for the scientific efforts to fight against COVID-19.	1
The research presented in this article can be fundamentally seen as a methodological development in the scientometric toolset to explore the cognitive relatedness of publications and topics to a certain subject or concept, genuinely based on citation relationships.	5
The primary objective was to determine the cumulative impact of FAER's grant programs in supporting the development of academic anesthesiologists.	1
The percentage of female authors showed a tendency to increase over the decade; the most productive country was the United States (17.4%).	4
Our sentiment analysis method performed well on non-negative citances, reaching a precision level in excess of 0.9 (Yan et al., 2019).	3
We use fixed-effect panel regression model to investigate the relationship between economic growth and scientific development.	3
Betweenness centrality was used to determine important nodes in the co-word network [23].	3
The Sources analysis revealed that Journal of Rural Studies led the production between 1979 and 2018, attaining the highest number of citations and the highest H index impact.	4
As indicated, a publicly accessible article, on average, had approximately a 169 point increase in access count as compared with a closed journal article (169.62, 95% CI=49.03, 290.19).	4
To have a picture of international contribution patterns, we made network graphs with individual countries as nodes and coauthorship as links between them.	3
For each journal, we retrieved all the articles present in the Scopus database up to 20226.	2
VOSviewer (https://www.vosviewer.com/ (accessed on 10 August 2021)), a distance-based network visualization tool (Distance-based maps), was used for mapping and clustering.	3
The faculty members of the University of Dhaka who participated in this study possessed a mixed perception about OA journals.	5
The data also suggest that current paylines are inadequate to fund the most productive applications and that considerable potential productivity is being left on the table at current funding levels (Berg, 2011).	5
2002) based on the coauthorship networks, which were constructed via Co-Occurrence (COOC) software (Qin et al.	3
This study contributes to a better understanding of productivity and collaboration, and it identifies the main scientific institutions, sources chosen for scientific dissemination, and the main scientists.	5
MSU generated a total of 2341 papers on Africa and increasing at CAGR of 14%.	4
The author would like to thank Andrea Currence for her assistance with preparation of this manuscript.	0
However, the United States was the country with the most contributing authors as can be seen in Figure 2.	4
On average, Q1 publications received 65.3% of total citations of the research area, varying from 46.4% in Medicine Research Experimental to 98.1% in Multidisciplinary Sciences, which are also the areas having the lowest and the highest share of publications in Q1.	4
A number of important developments within the scholarly publishing industry have contributed to the changes that Hindawi has undergone during the past ten years.	0
Retractions and issued concerns/corrections were sporadic regarding the papers published (and indexed in PubMed) between January 01 and December 05, 2020, but the incidence of retractions/concerns was higher for published COVID-19-related than for non-related papers.	5
Data are also collected for three additional journals for comparative purposes.	2
We suggest that there is a worrying trend that practices common among predatory publishers are becoming increasingly common also among traditional publishers.	5
We also report some interesting findings that verify our claim that core influence ranks as its top results papers that may not have received a very large number of citations.	4
To sum up, our main objective is to investigate the influence of scientific relatedness and intellectual base on the article citation levels in the solar energy field.	1
Further, k-means cluster analysis (three tier) is performed for each rank of faculties (full, associate & assistant professor) based on their publication and citation.	3
After excluding 153 journals with no information on impact factors or citable items, 8506 journals were left for analysis (Tang 2013).	2
1 and 2), we used the Pajek program (version 3.00) (15).	3
A total of 11,000 publications were retrieved via MEDLINE using PubMed, out of which, 9222 were selected for analysis.	2
There is no significant correlation between citation counts and Amazon stars or reviews.	4
In order for a patent to protect an invention, some basic requirements of patentability must be met.	0
We wondered if these policies had been effective in helping the Malays to participate more in research and to publish more papers in international journals over the last four decades.	1
The results demonstrate that the relationship between interdisciplinarity and citation impact is affected by the length of the citation time window.	5
1/n), meaning that more units mean less credit per unit (Gauffriau and Larsen 2005).	3
For a survey of fuzzy clustering techniques, the readers are referred to [4]).	0
The COVID-19 group had 51 cases (3.3%) authored from 15 or more authors, compared to 1.4% (7 cases) in the ID group (p = .03).	4
For this study, we consider all publications in arXiv category High Energy Physics Phenomenology as of April 200323 provided within SNAP (http://snap.	2
It can be observed that while female inventors' overall involvement in patenting activity is not that high, the share of female inventors increases over the time period in question from 1.2% to 8.9%.	4
Three main objectives were: (a) to summarize the general characteristics and trends of scientific publications, most important source journals, most productive institutions, and most productive scholars; (b) to analyze the international collaboration between Vietnamese scholars and other countries; and (c) to extract the most popular research topics and trends based on word analysis of titles, abstracts, and keywords.	1
We therefore intended to reveal the contribution of Chinese authors in the field of orthopedics compared with top five countries-the United States (USA), the United Kingdom (UK), Germany, France and Japan-to the research in the field of orthopedics.	1
The implications of these findings for understanding the measurement of decision-making in research and future directions for research and RCR education are discussed.	5
OA is being supported at the highest levels, and there is potential for it to play an important role in increasing the status and impact of Chinese scholarship.	4
According to our literature search on the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), the ORCID initiative was first introduced to the Chinese science community in 2010.	2
The visual matrix allows navigation through the main bibliometric elements, making it functional for the user interaction with the system, settling with greater flexibility the importance of the reference in the research context.	3
/ Intellectual Structure of the Hospitality Literature Via Topic Modeling Analysis	0
The reason for choosing the VOSviewer software tool to build and represent large networks form bibliometric data among other tools, like Gephi or Pajek (Van Eck and Waltman 2016), is the significant display quality, the choice of depicting the density of links and the possibility of generating overlay maps adding data batches.	0
Therefore, it appears that the BCE/CE notation will not replace the current BC/AD notation based on the current trend.	5
The share of women mathematicians who have been active for at least 5 to 10 years has roughly tripled since the 1970s (see Fig 2).	5
While the vast majority of author appearances were associated with only one institutional affiliation (74.1%), 25.9% of author appearances were linked with two (20.0%) or more affiliation addresses.	4
In relation to the variable “transparency”, it was statistically significant and relation with "open access" found was positive, confirming the proposed Hypothesis 1 (β = 0.177; p<0.05).	4
Second, the distribution of articles by authors' country of origin and the total number of citations were analyzed.	3
Censure by the ORI usually results in a severe decrease in productivity, in many cases causing a permanent cessation of publication.	5
We selected 20 experts fifteen of whom responded to our original invitation for an interview and the other five were identified by snowball sampling.	2
Moreover, negative tweets were comparatively more retweeted than positive and neutral polarities.	4
In this study, we investigated collaboration patterns among scholars by recognizing collaborative teams in computer science from a large co-author network constructed using the MAG-CS dataset.	5
To test this hypothesis, we performed an analysis of variance (ANOVA) on the h-index and citation counts.	3
This result may help to explain why reviewers are usually unpaid and their efforts not formally acknowledged, since editors choose not to provide any incentive to potential confirmatory referees.	5
The Publish or Perish software is used to collect statistics on these researchers for a 5 year period, between 2016 and 2020.	2
To prevent overloading this article with figures we leave out the top 10% and bottom 10% figures.	0
*Each loading indicates the extent to which the underlying factor contributes to one of the four measured variables (SCImago Journal Rank, impact factor, h-index, or Eigenfactor score).	0
The bibliometrics we use are generated by eight different publishing and academic initiatives, they include: the Scopus CiteScore bibliometrics, the SCImagoJR Journal ranks, the Clarivate Analytics' InCites bibliometrics, the IDEAS/RePEc citation indices, the LogEc access measures, the latest emerging set of Altmetrics measures based on internet activity, the Combes and Linnemer (2010) rankings which are an extensive set of measures targeting only economics journals and the bibliometrics generated by Google Scholar cites that includes cites in non-traditional publications such as working papers.	2
In a first step, we performed a factor analysis (using promax rotation) to examine which contributions tend to co-occur as sets.	3
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The network contains 337 keywords and 1927 links between 2007 and 2018.	4
There was a stronger increase in authorship by publication year for general medicine journals compared with radiology journals (IRR, 1.02; 95% CI: 1.01, 1.02, P < .001).	4
The largest cluster is “operational parameter”, which includes 58 keywords, suggesting that most of authors focus on operational parameter.	4
Total activity needed to produce a scientific paper was supposed to be 100 percent.	0
We use citation counts sourced from three different indices and Clarivate's Journal Impact Factor rankings as proxies for impact and publishing venue quality, respectively.	3
The study findings are based on frequency of publication in the leading journals in the SSE field.	0
En esta investigación los datos se organizaron en varias matrices (una para cada Rama de Ense?anza) que contuvieron como filas a las universidades (o ámbito de estudio de cada universidad en el caso de Ramas con más de un ámbito) y como columnas las tres tasas de desempe?o definidas: Rendimiento, Graduación y Abandono.	3
VOSviewer (Version 1.6.10) software was used for bibliometric network visualizations.	3
The laws are based on experimental evidence of what is clearly a causal relationship: funding is necessary, if not always sufficient, to conduct publishable research.	1
We also searched a second list of standalone journals (not released by a specific publisher) compiled by the same source.	2
The study involved 134 junior fellowship proposals for postdoctoral research ('Postdoc.	2
As a second example, when β = 0.1, Scholar 2 has the lowest rating; in contrast, when β = 0.9, Scholar 2 has the fourth highest rating.	4
Turpin, University of Washington Dept of Orthodontics, HSC 357446, Seattle, WA 98195; e-mail, DLT@aol.com.	0
Faculty trained in otolaryngology, gynecology, neurosurgery, or urology were not included.	0
Statistical analyses were performed with SPSS statistical software (version 21.0, SPSS Inc., Chicago, Illinois).	3
The presence of ECS (co-)authors had a significant negative effect (p < 0.001) on the citation count (Figure 3f).	4
Our dataset comprises 831,053 papers, and their total number of cited references is 5,197,017.	2
Please note, for experimental purposes, journals which were listed with a cited half-life of >10 in the JCR were taken as having a cited half-life value of 10.10.	0
Our main results are on the researchers' estimations of the h-index and their state of knowledge on this scientometric indicator.	5
A beamplot is not only a simple yet comprehensive and informative presentation of a researcher's record.	4
For proposition 2, we test for the mean and ratio differences in the numbers of top papers and top citations in publications involving one, two, three and four authors.	1
RQ2: What are the current citation patterns of publication on sustainable competitiveness research?	1
By firstly identifying the journals indexed in each discipline, we collect all the documents with the type of ‘article’ published in these journals during 1980 to 2019.	2
Following a list of journals from the PhilPapers-archive, 68,152 records were downloaded from the Reuters Web of Science-Database.	2
Therefore, literature on ABN is collected from the database of WOS TM, and the search rules depend on the previous research on the refining search terms of nanotechnogy [45].	2
Kentucky NSF EPSCOR endeavors to build national competitiveness in fundamental research dealing with mathematics, science and engineering disciplines.	0
Based on the inclusion criteria, 368 research articles were identified.	2
citations of one's own work to boost metric scores.	1
The share of internationally collaborative publications dropped from pre-pandemic rates; single-authored publications grew.	4
To what extent are (articles in) predatory marketing journals being cited?	1
We calculated the cumulative views of OA and Non-OA articles respectively and compared the results at five time points, as Table 1 shows.	3
This indicates the importance of religious beliefs for some participants, so much so that it helps them to make decisions regarding their actions, within or outside the research community.	5
We use the Scopus database for evaluation the research capacity of the university.	2
The responses were coded by two researchers working independently on coding.	3
The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-013-1091-8) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Thus, we aim to explore this problem by using the Web of Science Core Collection as an information source to reduce inattention to this matter.	1
The 60 cases included and analyzed in this study are from 16 different European countries and they cover a wide range of SSH fields, including arts as well as SSH researchers collaborating with STEM fields (see Table 1).	2
Regarding driving mechanisms, Chinese scientists' spatial migration has been influenced by national policy, regional economic level, education level, and individual traits at national, regional, and personal scales.	5
To alleviate estimation issues stemming from survival selection, we conduct our analyses using subsamples of surviving individuals and controlling for age-specific life expectancy.	3
Destaca, sobre todo por su intensidad, el periodo de la comunidad C 5.4 Information Systems, con una intensidad que supera más de cuatro veces a la siguiente.	4
Gender disparities were identified in the overall distribution of RTP consistent with the membership of the American Association of Physicists in Medicine.	4
We use data from the Science Citation Index Expanded, the Social Sciences Citation Index and the Arts & Humanities Citation Index.	2
It has been shown that, as a result of merging different Affiliation IDs of the institution, the difference between the numbers of publications found by Scopus by "Affiliation search" and “Document search" can be reduced.	5
We used the information provided in the MLE report cards that were created for 14 countries that participated in the MLE and updated them in collaboration with the MLE country representatives.	2
These also are listed in Table 3 as a function of the leading source title.	0
a Abbreviations: IOC = International Olympic Committee; KI = Karolinska Institute, KS = Karolinska Hospital, SVT = Swedish Public TV; WADA = World Anti-Doping Agency.	0
In this section, we describe the results obtained in the bibliometric study and thematic analysis of the articles published in BiD and AD.	0
Data included h-index, number of publications, and average number of citations.	2
The 5-year h-index showed some variation in the top 5 compared with the 10-year h-index.	4
Although still in its beta version, Google Scholar appears to offer greater access to relevant, citeable content in the social sciences relative to Thomson ISI.	0
Documents were analysed according to their type, language, output, subject category, publication patterns, authorship, institution information, country, and distribution of author keywords.	3
Examine the citation impact of the journals using various citation data.	1
The OAPEN Digital Library, which hosts more than 3,000 monographs, makes usage data available in COUNTER format for member publishers on a quarterly basis.	2
The two criteria for maximising the behavioural effects generated by rankings are performance alignment and transparency.	3
The NSC Gini Index merely permits the problem to be framed as a null hypothesis test, whereby the statistical significance of an author's deviation from the norm can be quantitatively established.	5
The findings in this section reflect today's culture of research reward and evaluation systems.	5
UNLV Libraries collected faculty citations from the Scopus and Web of Knowledge databases.	2
The reader's attention is directed to the commentary on this article, which appears on pages 981-982.	0
Accordingly, the first author will be marked off 1/1, i.e., 100%, the second author has the value of 1/2 (corresponding to 50%), the third author 1/3 (i.e., 33%), the fourth author is 1/4 (i.e., 25%), etc.	3
In particular, the combination of color and other structural elements of the domain (distribution of sub-domains and hyperlink topology) reveals patterns that distinguish between Websites and yields a dynamic view of the changes in the visual appeal of the national domain over time.	5
The largest publisher was Elsevier, with 13,115,639 articles from 3,410 journals.	4
The top-25 cited documents received 3564 citations and were published between 1977 and 2016.	4
This paper introduces a new measurement index entitled topic terms interdisciplinarity (TI) for interdisciplinarity topic mining</PROBLEM_OR_APPLICATION>.	1
While peer review is still to be considered as the main method for evaluation in Humanities and Social sciences, our analysis supports the view that journal classification can be a useful tool to support peer review even in SSH.	5
The most active author in the field of predatory publishing is Jaime A.	4
We urge authors of conservation science to pay for open access on a per-article basis or to choose publication in open access journals, taking care to ensure the license allows reuse for any purpose providing attribution is given.	5
This information is quantified using common diversity indices in the bibliometric literature, namely variety, disparity, and the Rao-Stirling index [44,45].	3
This paper addresses the issue of how to construct suitable aggregates of individual journal rankings, using an optimization-based consensus ranking approach.	1
Of these, 4,699,936 articles had at least one identifiable country after the country mention extraction process.	2
Article types with more than 4,500 views per article were Vital Surveillance, Notes from the Field, and Preplanned Studies.	4
To address these concerns, we propose a methodology based on dynamic co-word network analysis to identify emerging topics.	1
More in-depth evidence is desirable through comparative studies across projects with controlled conditions (e.g., multiple projects in a single funded program), systematic reviews, or meta-analyses.	0
The USA, UK, and China are the top three countries producing scientific research on the topics of animal genetic resources and climate change.	4
Additional information was obtained from purposively sampled officers of the university, including the Deputy Vice-Chancellor in charge of Academics, Research and Students; three executive deans of faculties; and the Director of Research and Knowledge Exchange.	3
This work takes an alternative approach to resolving the underlying problem: the proposal is to value citations by the impact of the citing articles, regardless of the length of their reference list.	1
Unambiguous language is needed to improve adherence to reporting guidelines and increase the quality of reporting.	5
Institutional research strategies informed by evaluative bibliometrics are likely to strengthen the boundaries between the activities of research and teaching.	5
This study also considered network centrality which is a network attribute from the keyword co-occurrence network.	3
Table 3 JIF of papers with Australian orthopaedic surgeons and trainees as authors	0
To obtain our sample of retracted papers, we searched PubMed for all retraction notices (publication type “Retraction of publication”) and all retracted papers (publication type “Retracted publication”), finding a total of 2,451 retractions and 2,299 retracted papers.	2
We therefore conclude that the recent longitudinal findings in citation impact development for countries in a dynamic database are stable.	5
In particular, in the results from dataset 1, we obtained a significant difference in MAP values at a level of P < 0.05 depending on whether the reflection of intention was present or absent based on the Wilcoxon signedrank test[20].	4
In order to ensure widespread coverage of academic research, 26 different Scopus categories were selected for the indicators.	2
Lastly, a scholar's work obtains its highest impact directly around promotion and then decreases over time.	4
To directly compare attention on preprint platforms with evaluation criteria in scientific journals, in most specifications we include a dummy variable at the preprint level for whether the preprint has been published in a peer reviewed journal at the time of writing, and if so, the source normalized journal impact factor (SNIP) of the ultimate publication outlet.	3
We also decided to put focus on relatively new publications, that is, those that were published between 2015 and 2019 due to the following reasons.	2
The main thesis of this essay is that quantitative indicators were valued by the Russian authorities primarily because they provided a solution for this problem.	1
In order to enhance data analysis, the researchers utilized Zotero-6.0.18, a reference management software, and employed four desktop PCs to extract metadata from the CrossRef database for the unique DOIs obtained earlier.	3
Acknowledgments This material is based, in part, upon work supported by the National Science Foundation under Cooperative Agreement No.	0
Two of the most appreciated and well-known tools in the field are the Stanford Core NLP and the Apache Open NLP;	3
We used a hybrid deductive-inductive thematic analy- sis approach to analyze the data as in Fereday and Muir-Cochrane (2006) and Swain (2018), in an iterative manner.	3
What are the relationships between the use of metadata elements and disciplines in RIMS (i.e.	1
Jonghan Hyun, PhD, is an assistant professor in the Fashion School at Kent State University.	0
The methodology employed is qualitative citation context analysis.	3
The survey provides information on the affiliation patterns of 2,222 academics who are listed as corresponding authors on scientific publications between 2013 and 2015.	2
Hypothesis test revealed that there is a co-relationship between year and scientific production, with a co-relation coefficient at 66.4%, indicating that 33.6% variation is not explained by adjustment.	4
Engineering issues and environmental issues are the two major categories of research topics about the TGP.	5
For this step, we compared the power-law distribution to log normal, exponential, and power law with exponential cutoff as competing distributions using the KS test to measure the distance between distributions.	3
Keywords Book metadata · WorldCat · OCLC · Research evaluation · Research excellence framework (REF) · Lithuania	0
Inappropriate authors' and journals' self-citation is a practice that needs to be curbed.	5
Qualitative methods were selected as the appropriate choice for this study, due to the dearth of research into this phenomenon and the absence of theories.	3
A total of 150 RCTs included received a cumulative citation count of 3,452 until July 2022.	4
A further advantage of oh is that it discourages the publication of many poorly cited articles.	5
We merge this data with the publications recorded in EconLit, the reference tool of the American Economic Association, for years 1991 to 2008, which includes the JEL codes of each publication.	2
Based on the literature reviewed, this concluding section will make some recommendations regarding increasing research funding as a major way to achieving more access to scholarly publications.	5
A total of 537 articles were retrieved from 44 countries, of which 13 met the criteria of major active countries.	4
We also use data from six in-depth interviews: three with journal editors involved in retractions, two with coauthors of papers retracted because of fraud committed by a fellow author, and one with an acknowledged serial fraudster.	2
We also define a Citation Graph, a Max-Generator Graph and Relevant References Paths (RRP), useful for finding experts and for visualizing relevant references.	3
We call again the attention for the importance of the proceedings papers for the Engineering and Technology domain as discussed above.	0
The final list of RPUs with an IR totaled 310, with all repositories offered as a service from the library.	2
In this paper, we will use VOSviewer version 1.6.8 as the tool to analyze and visualize our data [4].	3
The third technology consists in a classical approach, the use of random questions, to which we added an original twist.	3
This resulted into 120,382 articles that were downloaded sequentially into different comma-separated files.	2
In summary, citation-based and character-based approaches to automated plagiarism detection have complementary strengths and weaknesses.	5
The problem with citations to potential predatory and poor quality standards journals is limited to a relatively low number of citing authors from a limited number of countries that seems to support the viewpoint of Shen and Bjork (2015) that these journals present a rather limited and regional problem.	5
In the science mapping, the co-citation maps, and the co-authorship networks of various items (such as authors, institutions, and countries/regions) are conducted.	3
On the other hand, a second main subfield, international political economy, became prominent in the 1970s and 1980s.	0
MR imaging was the most commonly studied imaging modality (n = 69).	4
The surnames were compared with our listing of 2.6 million family names which is based on records of the majority of the adult population in the following countries: Australia, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, the UK and the USA as well as surname frequency distributions for Austria, Belgium, France, India and Japan.	2
Using descriptive bibliometrics, we studied the dynamics and trend patterns of literature production and identified document types and the most prolific authors, papers, institutions and countries.	3
* Table 4 continues in the online version of this journal.	0
Younger scholars are more productive than older cohorts, but the type of contract and tenure or rank do not seem to have any influence on productivity.	5
Interested readers should direct questions regarding the data to the corresponding author.	0
Specifically, we measure the originality of a paper based on the directed citation network between its references and the subsequent papers citing it.	1
To provide for a broad picture of visibility in terms of altmetrics of the psychological literature, we extracted the Altmetric Score (AS).	3
Conversely, national collaboration correlates better with impact than international collaboration.	4
It was found that institutional characteristics such as size, time in operation and advantageous location were positively associated with research productivity.	4
Paper presented at the Fourth International Conference on Bibliometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics in Berlin (Germany), September 11-15, 1993	0
Corresponding author at: Center for Studies of Information Resources, School of Information Management, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430072, China.	0
The methodological part studies the stability of the relative priority or activity index by calculating it with respect to different databases.	1
RQ2: What are the main research topics in NST at the worldwide level and how do European countries – Germany, France and Spain - perform in terms of their cognitive contributions to the development of NST research topics?	1
We have followed standard scientometric methodology for analysis and computed well-known parameters like total papers (TP), total citations (TC), cited versus uncited papers, average citation per paper (ACPP), international collaborative papers (ICP), highly cited papers (HiCP), h-index1, g-index2, hg-index3, p-index?, etc.	3
The 1,891 creativity publications in the dataset have been cited 11,709 times between the beginning of 1965 and the end of 2012.	4
After 10,048 papers were imported into the iCite database, 9596 papers were returned.	2
However, a significant gap emerges as 87.39% of downloaded conference papers remain inaccessible through EKB.	4
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Better understanding of research and publishing misconduct can improve strategies to mitigate their occurrence.	1
Finally, Google searches with the name of each author tried to identify whether there is any readily retrievable information on their education credentials—specifically, PhD or equivalent degrees on any scientific field, MD, and Master's degree in journalism topic.	3
We aimed to compare the h-index with traditional measures of research impact: The number of publications per author, total citation count per author, and citations/paper.	1
Conclusion: The perception of the current state of software engineering peer review is fairly negative.	5
See the more detailed theoretical paper on which this article is based, McCabe and Snyder (2004b), for a discussion of the role of this refinement.	0
Bibliometric methods, including citation analysis, have been used to evaluate trends in publications within specialties including neonatal surgery.	3
This manuscript introduces a method for assessing relationships that relies on the extraction of the relative research backbone network [22].	3
2 appears to support a claim that the founding of the OAM coincided with an increase in alternative medicine patenting.	4
A moderately restrictive mobility barrier reduces incoming and outgoing knowledge flows by about 0.8-1.3% per year.	4
single-authored) and papers with collaboration including subsets of both multi-internationally authored and multi-domestically authored ones.	1
To examine the terminological (di) similarity two approaches are applied: 'overlay visualization and 'topic detection.	3
The first source was comprised of 10,990 people in the American Institute of Biological Sciences' (AIBS) database who had putatively reviewed for or submitted to one of the funders for whom AIBS had conducted an NIH-style peer review process.	2
The results also showed that the number of themes has increased significantly over the years, ranging from four in the first period to ten in the second and sixteen in the third period.	4
The core findings are that the most productive year of publication was 2016, and the growth of citation increased rapidly; the top source of title is electronic library.	4
Based on these results, the publications from the Food Science department follow the Lotka distribution.	4
Hierarchical clustering by SPSS is conducted on the slope of annual JDC ranking polylines to identify the journals with similar change trends and to determine the rule change in the JDC of LIA journals in the recent five years.	3
A second valuable lesson for librarians is the need to integrate and codify processes regarding library-hosted publications into the information ecosystem.	5
Of the 114 high-level domains that science can be divided into, only 36 have had a Nobel prize.	4
Then we excluded the articles written outside mainland China and collected the basic information, including the title, authors, year of publication, source journal, city, institution, number of citations, and topic of the research.	3
Received: 17 February 2017; Accepted: 29 March 2017; Published: 6 April 2017	0
Active PPJ potentially predatory journals marked Active (i.e.	3
The networks are assessed through local and global graph statistics by a methodology borrowed from the machine learning literature25.	3
In sharp comparison, only 16.8 % and 12.7 % of the total publications are allocated to Q3 and Q4, respectively.	4
Bibliographic information on Lithuanian book outputs was derived from databases managed by the Lithuanian Research Council: (1) Dynamics of Lithuanian Research Potential for outcomes published from 2004 to 2008; and (2) Reports on Scientific, Arts and other Relevant Activities of Research and Higher Education Institutions for outputs published from 2009 to 2016.	2
Received: 19 April 2023 | Accepted: 11 August 2023 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 5 September 2023	0
The goal was to learn what undergraduate students already knew about key concepts in research ethics at the start of their research experience and to learn the impact of participation in the workshop on their knowledge and understanding of important research ethics concepts.	1
The heterodisciplinarity of a science field can be measured by the X-centage indicator as follows: if X% of the journals of the field has a heterodisciplinarity of at least X%, and less than X% has more than X%, then X% is the X-centage value of the heterodisciplinarity of the field.	3
This is important because some authors, journals or institutions may have a high result according to one set of measures but a different result under another.	0
Keywords: research support; research impact; scholarly publishing; bibliometrics; research information systems; CRIS	0
The survey was addressed to full professors in the fields of biology and bioscience who had received a GiA at least once in the period 2000–9.	2
Our results indicate, however, that there appears to be a correlation between suboptimal reviewing performance and increased relative acceptance rate.	5
1 A new perspective of uncovering the intellectual structure of a research field	0
Based on the analysis, the compared countries are placed into the analytical framework (Section 4.2).	0
We report that the overall knowledge about plagiarism was low among undergraduate medical students.	5
A bibliometric ranking ≈ satisfies conditions C11, C15, C16, C17, and C18, iff, for all a, b ∈ A, axb?fg(a)≥fg(b).	4
The main objective of this study is to assess and compare the quality of the journals from the field of behavioral science by using internationally accepted bibliometric indicators namely, JIF, ES, CS, SJR, SNIP and H5-index, as well as to find out the compatibility between the indicators, to use one as an alternative to others.	1
The data have been surprisingly positive, showing that practically all public universities contribute to this subject and that there is a great deal of international collaboration, both in terms of the number of countries with which they collaborate and the prestige of the institutions involved.	4
Arrow shows the increase or decrease in the indicator between 2000 and 2014	0
Specifically, we intend to shed light on the actual use of SNSs by PhD holders by analyzing the determinants that correlate with PhD holders' probability of registering on LinkedIn and developing wider networks.	1
A total of 741 authors from 520 different institutions and 32 countries published 220 reviews that were classified as high (17.2%), moderate (55%), or low (27.7%) methodological quality.	2
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/2398-6247.htm	0
Results reveal that: (1) The mentioned elements of policy document mentions can be divided as five categories, summarized content (26.9%) is the most frequent one.	4
The accounts of managers of the laboratories are especially useful sources to explore such similarities,11 as are detailed histories of laboratories (e.g.	2
The Mantel test between these two matrices shows a significant correlation between the number of co-authored papers and the number of links between the corresponding institution web domains (0.490; α = 0.01).	4
The duplication time of the scientific articles was 9.19 years.	4
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/2050-3806.htm	0
Note: total citations are retrieved from Web of Science online interface on February 27, 2017.	0
As the first publication dated back to the year 1980, the study covers a timeframe of 35 years.	2
First, we show that the average time interval between a researcher's successive publications in top journals decreases with each subsequent publication.	4
In more recent publications, synthetic biology, smartphone, fluorescent biosensor, and point-of-care testing are among the terms that have received more attention.	4
The share of women in management positions in science rose from a total of 2.0 % in 1992 to 17.8 % in 2016.	4
Nonacademics, however, may have an incentive to co-author work with academics given the "insider" position of academics.	0
One is DBLP-Math, which is constructed from 72,269 articles published in 54 mathematical journals during 1956-2013.	2
and Jong Seok Bae) independently identified and analyzed the articles.	3
The results show that the breakdown of ECRs between faculties was fairly evenly split where the rate was slightly higher among those subjects with a maths and science bias and attendance being particularly low in the FH and Faculty of Natural and Environmental Sciences (FNES).	4
Definition 1 Given a threshold of the citation number ē, the recognized time of the sleeping paper is defined as the first year y* that the citation number is larger than ?	3
The final and cleaned version of the dataset covers a total 47,051 papers published in 1258 journals by 2570 scholars.	2
Second, a comparative study based on Scopus can be done in the future.	0
Clinical trials mean “better researchers” rather than “higher budget": the main finding of this survey is that participation in clinical trials increases research capacity.	5
Both modified x-index and author impact factor (AIF) proved complementary to Hirsch's h-index for calculating individual research achievements (IRA).	3
5 Comparison between the visits to papers published 7 and 60 days	0
The questionnaire included three major aspects: (I) the demographic characteristics of participants; (II) English reading pattern; and (III) paper publishing experience in international journals.	2
No significant difference in politeness of reviewers’ text-based responses (n = 1125, p = 0.72)	4
One is received from PICMET and the other is based on the Scopus database.	2
Such findings not only warrant recursive action from the editorial team but most importantly educate the readers about the avenues which could prove fruitful for future publication in the journal.	5
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 4 times since 2017*	0
Adopting an institutional theory framework, the paper uses a sequential research process comprising an original questionnaire and semi-structured interviews.	3
Participants 56 journal editors from general medicine (n=13) and specialty (n=43) biomedical journals.	2
This indicates that FV gradient has early detection capability.	5
The authors narrowed the search to 88 facilities that have a census of 50 patients or more, provide residential treatment, and may or may not provide detoxification.	2
According to our findings, a 'typical' EdTech HCA is a review article or quantitative research paper reporting positive findings, conducted in a higher education context, published in a generic high IF journal by a major publisher, and written by authors working in Western universities.	5
Eventually, downloaded 1160 publications for further analysis, download information include author, title, abstract, author keywords, keywords plus, city, country/region, author address, institution, cited reference number, cited frequency count of Web of Science core collection, cited frequency total, publication date, page number, etc.	2
COVID-19-related preprints are more likely to be published in peer-reviewed journals and their submission-to-acceptance time (a proxy for the peer-review process) is considerably shorter than for the COVID-19 non-related manuscripts.	5
Two journals with high impact factors according to Journal Citation Reports were selected from each category: Journal of the American Society for Information Science & Technology (JASIST) and Information Processing & Management (IP&M) corresponding to Information Science, and Regulatory Toxicology & Pharmacology (RT&P) and Forensic Science International (FSI) corresponding to Legal Medicine.	2
In this study, I use social network analysis to map and identify patterns in academic hiring practices in geoscience.	1
Dentistry was divided into 14 subareas (subjects): Dental Education, Dental Materials, Endodontics, Implantology, Multidisciplinary, Operative Dentistry/Cariology, Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery, Oral Pathology/Stomatology, Oral Radiology, Orthodontics, Pediatric Dentistry, Periodontology, Prosthodontics, and Public Health/Epidemiology.	2
The authors thank Jeanine Williamson for her valuable insights, suggestions, and support.	0
This suggests that there is an alignment in information dissemination between both peers within the scientific community and those in the general public.	5
DPE is disciplinary potential energy determined by the relative position formed by citations between disciplines of sciences, as shown in Eq.	3
Our examination found the following eight critical topics: 1.	4
The intellectual structure of the retrieved data was visualized and analyzed using VoS viewer software (version 1.6.18).	3
After identifying the co-authorships of documents on psoriasis indexed in the Med- line database (1942–2013), various bibliometric indicators were obtained, including the average number of authors per document and degree of multi-authorship over time.	2
The main reason behind the fact that the two sets become more separated after taking large enough groups of data points of each of the two sets is that the group standard deviation decreases with group size as shown in Eq.	5
In this section, we first describe the six approaches to normalization of direct citations.	0
Early citations per publication (ECPP): the average number of citations received during the year of publication by papers, which was also used in a previous study to measure the quality of publications (Adams 2005; Shapira and Wang 2010); and	3
The situational logic that is associated with the institutional context in which scientific work is most immediately embedded thus has an inevitably normalizing or moderating effect that is indeed antagonistic to innovation or novelty.	4
As evaluation of research systems is a reliable process to measure efficiency and effectiveness of their activities, we aimed to report the processes of development of evaluation indicators' for Iranian health research networks and the results of conducted assessment.	1
Finally, our results suggest a statistically significant relationship between rank of the scholar and productivity, collaboration, and impact.	4
An analysis of all original research articles published in these journals was performed using a reliable bibliometric audit tool.	3
Saudi Journal of Gastroenterology | Volume 27 | Issue 2 | March-April 2021	0
In conclusion, this study demonstrated the research performance of 50 biological scientists who had received the AAAS fellowship and NMS.	5
A total of 245 articles from Ireland were published in the plastic surgery, hand surgery and burns literature over the 21-year period.	4
Yet, by year 20 the cumulative number of citations acquired by these papers shows a notable convergence to each other (Fig.	4
Therefore, only when OA books are accessed through the channels of communication can the knowledge contained in books be absorbed to generate impact, and lowering the access barrier does lead to more attention found for OA research papers.	5
The purpose of this bibliometric analysis is to quantify the prominence and impact of published literature within the field.	1
Acknowledgments The authors would especially like to thank the MPH students who participated in the study, as well as the MPH technical secretaries (Mireia Llimós and Regina Arquimbau) who greatly facilitated and assisted with the field work and also we would like to thank Marta Olabarria and Marco Cornejo for their help in the analysis.	0
As can be seen from the results obtained, the discipline considered is highly interdisciplinary, with values in the range from 71.6% to 100%.	4
The software Webometric Analyst was then used to extract a range of altmetrics for these articles, including patent citations, online presentation mentions, online course syllabus mentions, Wikipedia mentions and Mendeley reader counts and Altmetric.com was used to extract Twitter mentions.	3
We conducted a network analysis on both the NACP database and the bibliographic data, and present network graphs resulting from the analysis.	3
After the appropriate filtering of the downloaded data, we had a dataset containing 359 documents.	2
First, the study found that tenure track reform caused changes in the academic research behavior of faculty members.	5
Specifically, the following objectives were addressed: (1) To compare the research performance of different SEA countries in terms of research productivity and impact; (2) To compare the research performance of SEA universities in the field of language and linguistics.	1
Documents used in this study were obtained from the online version of Science Citation Index-Expanded (SCI-E) databases of Web of Science from Thomson Reuters on 1 September, 2013.	2
For each of the six subsampled journals from each category, we collected a variety of journal-level and article-level metrics (Table 1; see Tables S1–S3 for raw data).	3
Between 1976 and 1985 14% of the publications were in English and internationally co-authored; between 2006 and 2015 this proportion had nearly quadrupled to 52%.	4
After delineating the socio-historical emergence of the field (chapter 3), we explain our methodology which is inspired by 'valuography' (Dussauge et al., 2015a), an empirical research programme for studying how values are articulated and created in practice (chapter 4).	3
Considering the IF, no significant correlation was found between the IF of a journal and the total number of publications by its EiC.	4
The US, Canada and Italy show impressive productivity indicators.	4
“Unsubstantiated" was used whenever a reference contradicted or was unrelated to the proposition being made about it.	3
This paper describes the third version based on new data.	1
Although efforts to promote IDR are driven, at least in part, by a desire to stimulate ground-breaking, innovative, and transformative research, we find that structural commitment to IDR has no effect on research quality.	5
Q2: [Impact] What is the effect of interdisciplinary research on the overall scientific impact of any field in computer science?	1
Results of the survey informed the development of three approaches (centralized, hub-and-spoke, and decentralized) to training, QA, and research which were discussed at focus group sessions held at Saskatchewan's Emergency Medicine Annual Conference (Regina, SK.	3
We follow Chan, Chang, and Chang (2013) to collect citations in Google Scholar for each of the 523 articles; this was carried out during the first week of November 2014.	2
In this regard, the IF shows a strong correlation with Incites CNCI (Category Normalized Citation impact), 0.834, especially when ESCI data is included (Table 3, Fig.	4
The study shows how to use data science techniques to map the dynamics of research within a practical domain that connects technology and practice.	5
We construct a scientific topic term co-occurrence network "S" and a technological topic term co-occurrence network "T" (the upper layer of Fig.	3
National Institute for Nuclear Physics from Italy and Japan Atom Energy Agency were two centers of inter-institutional collaboration network.	4
The papers on the preference main path are newer than the papers on the classic one.	4
Article publication data from HKU have been collected and analyzed with the purpose of exploring general OA trends and understanding authors' incentives for publishing in OA journals.	3
H3 Title length influences communication research articles’(a) usage count and (b) citation.	1
Overall, the network-based visualisation reveals that research interdisciplinarity is implemented in a heterogeneous way across STEM and non-STEM disciplines, and there are gaps in inter-disciplinary collaborations among some disciplines.	5
This paper investigates the relationship between research income and performance in the UK's Research Excellence Framework 2021 Unit of Assessment 23 Education.	1
We obtained from a journal in the Business and Management literature records on the peer review activities of all papers in the journal over a 6 year period.	2
Finally, we also found that a XGBoost and neural network approach summarizing the information from all 10 considered similarity measurements was able to provide the highest AUC performance and competitive precision values.	4
From our detailed analysis above, we conclude that the IS community of collaborating authors has evolved to an important asset (also note Desanctis, 2003) that helps to cope with the continuous fragmentation challenges of a very dynamic discipline.	5
Insights were gained about the value of these resources and behaviours in using them as exemplars for structure, format and methodology.	4
Therefore, we suggest that it is better to use Scopus Author IDs to study macroscopic or large-population trends than to track a specific researcher or a low population.	5
Original research publication (letters to editor and other communications (editorials) were excluded).	2
Although the CRTP cohort is small and the time of follow-up relatively short, these data provide initial and compelling evidence that there are outcome benefits, based on conducting research as part of one’s career, for medical and dental student graduates of yearlong research enrichment programs.	5
These same categories are used as-such for the study reported later in the article.	0
Moreover, this engine is also looking into the ESC journals' family where it is possible to obtain results from more than 30,000 papers!	2
Problems, listed in Table 1, that may weaken the effectiveness of traditional peer review (TPR) and thus result in publication of scientifically low-level papers can be classified into four main groups: i) lack of quality which may reflect a paper's lack of quality, the lack of quality control (QC) by reviewers, or the lack or low level of peer-review due to a limited or unavailable peer pool; ii) lack of transparency (Schreider et al., 2010) or no transparency during TPR; (iii) bias; and (iv) fraud.	4
For further analysis, the data were exported from Endnote into R (R V.2.15.1, http://www.r-project.org/).	0
Nonparametric statistical analysis was subsequently performed using Mann-Whitney U tests and Kruskal-Wallis tests as indicated.	3
the ICMJE criteria) portray authorship decisions as black and white, effectively sidestepping key dimensions that create ethical shades of grey.	5
Our analysis highlighted that in general more feedback was provided to successful applications than unsuccessful.	5
All citations indexed through Google Scholar were reviewed to establish the rate of citation per paper at two, four and five years post-publication.	3
We sought to create benchmark data for physician faculty in academic radiation oncology (RO) and analyze correlations associated with increased academic productivity.	1
Analysis shows that there are a total of 17,061 major topic keywords across 402,495 articles, and the top 20 keywords among these appear 10,000 times or more.	4
Dangzhi Zhao is an Assistant Professor at the School of Library and Information Studies of the University of Alberta, Canada.	0
'This conference always provides excellent presentations and a great networking opportunity.'	0
The author wishes to thank colleagues in these forums for valuable discussions.	0
First, we use ordinary least squares (OLS) regressions to examine how social and visual cues are associated with attention generated by VoxEU articles in terms of readership, as measured by view counts.	3
The aims of this bibliometric study were to determine author self-citation trends in high-impact orthodontic literature and to investigate possible association between self-citation and publication characteristics.	1
There was a wide geographic reach, representing 41 states in the United States and 44 countries.	4
The 6 terms in the upper right quadrant (Q1) could be EGPTs, e.g., content analysis, semantic analysis, text mining, and natural language processing.	4
In this context, the IPO theory proved to be a useful framework as it allowed us to relate the inputs and processes of collaborative research to arising collaboration problems, and thus to identify important promoters and inhibitors of the four key collaboration problems.	5
According to Table 3 there is no statistically significant correlation between the technology-based (internet and web) learning concepts and the traditional (formal and informal) learning terms.	4
This is currently impossible because there are no comprehensive sources of CV data that can be matched to publication records in Scopus, WoS, or GS.	0
Please indicate for each item below, the importance of the information to the decision you would actually make as a reviewer for the journal.	0
More precisely, Foucault is the main author of six nodes in cluster 1, Bourdieu is the main author of six nodes in cluster 4, and Connell is the main author of five nodes in cluster 8.	4
Citations per publication (CPP) was another indicator which was defined as the total citations from Web of Science Core Collection since publication to year 2013 (TC2013) per publication (Fu et al., 2012).	3
One result stands out qualitatively: the high-status authors are more harshly penalized than their less-distinguished peers, but only in instances of misconduct (columns 1b and 2b).	4
Of this work, 70% of all first authors and co-authors (n = 4,145) have been Canadian.	4
This paper, based on the qualitative study of 100 in-depth interviews, examines the strategies employed by academics in Central and Eastern Europe to challenge the limitations in access to scholarly literature.	1
The study sample was identified using the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education database of accredited plastic surgery residency programs.	2
Publisher's Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
(2015a) is a graph-based modeling index that attributes quantitative reputations to venues based on the publication patterns of a reference group of researchers, without relying on citation information.	3
This allowed us to define a parameter sh that describes the normalized difference of a researcher's h value from the best fit model.	3
Every grant recipient from 2008 to 2015 was contacted to ascertain the status of their supported research projects.	2
Specifically, we randomly sampled 1% of the doctoral degree earners (thereafter called “new Ph.D”) in Physics who graduated from a university/college in China between 2001 and 2018 and whose doctoral dissertation was available in the CNKI database by July 31, 2018 (1022 people in all).	2
Thus, in the present study, we aim to provide an insight into the most highly cited works in this field.	1
The countries with the greatest percentage of their lung cancer workforce of non-native origin appeared to be the Nordic ones (Denmark, Sweden and Norway), and Canada.	4
The 855 documents considered in the analysis have received 9888 citations up to august 2018.	2
We consider a spillover externality in the use of information.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
We have used Google Scholar to track the citations of the papers used in our study.	2
If f denotes an h-type index, such as the h- or the g-index, then we investigate inequalities such as min(f(X),f(Y)) ≤ f((X+Y)/2) ≤ max(f(X), f(Y)).	1
Between March 2020 and June 2020, we conducted 10 semi-structured, in-depth interviews with representatives of the biology and history panels (3 interviews each), the REC (2) and the ministry (2).	2
For both FSS and average yearly output, our results are not in line with Ruiz-Castillo and Costas (2014), who found productivity distributional shapes to be very similar across fields.	5
Remarkably, excellence policies are more prone to reveal existing but tacit diversity in the system than to generate new relational patterns.	4
RQ3 Who are the most central scholars who published in the most central journals spanning the years 2007–2011?	1
Received April 12, 2007; revised February 8, 2008; accepted February 9, 2008	0
The ATP questionnaire developed by Mavrinac et al. (2010) was used to measure these attitudes among Egyptian faculty members.	3
These articles, their reference, and citing papers are indexed in the Clarivate Analytics WoS.	2
To further explain this phenomenon, we split all the papers into three categories based on CPM: Highly-cited papers (HCPs, 1%), Medium-cited papers(MCPs, 9%), and Lowly-cited papers(LCPs, the rest).	3
A subject analysis was also carried out taking into account the key words assigned to papers and subject areas of journals.	3
Kravitz and Feldman are the current editors-in-chief of the Journal of General Internal Medicine.	0
Weights are based on the correlations between the results of the I-distance values and input indicators.	0
The study also documents both the substantial contribution of U.S. academic librarians to their field’s literature and a long-term trend of decline in the proportion of that contribution.	5
In this study we aim to contribute to an understanding of how humans make decisions about the value of complex sources of information, specifically in the context of online scholarly platforms, online news, and social media.	1
Citations were counted until the end of 2016 for calculation of Hazen percentiles.	2
Our results underline that the epistemic orientation towards the ERA has been an all-encompassing, system- level transition for the Finnish research system since the mid-1990s.	5
While wholesale plagiarism was uncommon, moderate text plagiarism was extensive.	5
This computational analysis shows how the fields of education and technology have been evolving together over time, giving historical context to understand current trends.	5
Adding to the literature on high-order citations, we introduce the concept of a citation cascade: the constitution of a series of subsequent citing events initiated by a certain publication.	1
Although the USA, China and Germany are among the countries with the highest numbers, there is correlation between the country where the package is mainly developed and the average number of citations per paper.	5
The search was limited to the fifty years between 1970 and 2019.	2
Therefore, the central objective of this research is to establish a holistic bibliometric analysis that evaluates the growth, evolution, and performance of the ITS research field and updates the intellectual structure of ITS from 1993 to 2019 [30,31].	1
Thus, making those books available in open access did not harm the sales figures.	4
We use bibliometric indicators, such as the average impact factors of the journals published because the Korean government uses these indicators to evaluate the performance of its GRIs.	3
Journals classified as "high-quality" charged higher open access article processing charges (APCs) (median APC: USD $960; interquartile range (IQR): USD $27 to USD $3,000) than journals classified as "other" (USD $100, IQR: USD $13 to USD $547), p = 0.003.	4
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
The data for this study were retrieved from the online database Web of Science on 21.11.2023.	2
Conclusion: Participation in both craniofacial surgery and orthodontics fellowships demonstrates the strongest association with academic success; craniofacial surgery fellowship, university affiliation, and number of surgeons are also predictive.	5
The findings revealed that scholarly publication means the procedure of generating, producing, and judging scholarly content, distributing and circulating it to the scholarly community and conserving it for future use, and writing and publishing novel academic ideas in scholarly communication outlets.	4
The problem of who can help and how an addict or alcoholic can be helped is also somewhat controversial.	0
AAS fellows strongly exceed non-fellows on every index, with citations to single-authored papers the weakest differentiator.	4
Bibliometric mapping of co-authorship analysis was per- formed using VOSviewer version 1.6.10 software (Centre for Science and Technology Studies, Leiden University, Netherlands) [21].	3
On the same day, we used the academic citation analysis freeware Publish or Perish (version 6.40.6326, released on 31 October 2018, created by Prof.	3
Mixed-gender teams have greater potential to produce disruptive publications than all-male or all-female teams.	4
2 - Total cancer specific outputs of top 14 UK cancer centres (anonymised) shown as integer and fraction counts terms between 1995-2004.	0
This article aims to contribute to the existing literature by examining the link between facilitating interdisciplinary cooperation and research productivity as well as the role of government assistance in this link.	1
Research Evaluation, volume 10, number 2, August 2001, pages 105-113, Beech Tree Publishing, 10 Watford Close, Guildford, Surrey GU1 2EP, England	0
Based on the nonlinear relationship between total NTL quantity and IUSS, a spatial estimation model for IUSS is established incorporating residual terms: In(IUSS) = a-ln(NTL) + β + &TUSS	3
The primary database utilized for this bibliometric study is Scopus, which offers a robust and comprehensive catalog of scientific publications across various disciplines.	2
This study principally investigates the interdisciplinary research that connects LIS with information systems (hereafter this is referred to as connected research domain).	1
2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd on behalf of University of Venice.	0
Nursing research is being widely read and cited, both within and outside the profession.	5
Papers published in the category of "Information science & Library science" and "Physics, Particles & Fields" in Web of Science from 1985 to 2011 were respectively retrieved (as of March 23, 2022), and the document type was limited to "Article, Review, Proceedings Papers".	2
Texas A&M University at Galveston, 200 Seawolf Parkway, Galveston, TX 77553-1675, USA	0
A total of 1,299 RO physician faculty members from 75 institutions were included in the analysis.	2
All 2,541 publications— covering articles, proceedings papers, and reviews-published in the journal of Scientometrics in 1978–2010 (publication year) were downloaded.	2
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
The current study examines the impact of a research agency on researchers' behaviour in the context of science policy and the decision to use an existing Library Union catalogue system - Co-operative Online Bibliographic System and Services as the basis for a research data evaluation.	1
The data for this study was derived from a dataset on the productivity of Vietnamese scientists in the field of social sciences and humanities collected by Vuong and Associates.	2
In contrast, this study's findings suggest that higher-funded projects focus on research with traditional topics, while lower-funded projects tend to fund research on emerging topics.	5
Received 16 December 2017; Received in revised form 16 July 2018; Accepted 2 August 2018	0
We use two different methods to evidence the interaction between expert scores and journal rank: an algorithm and a regression.	3
Phase 8 Final validation, minor revisions and publication of recommendations policy brief	0
These keywords could be categorized into 20 classifications within LIS based on the National Social Science Foundation scheme (Qin, 2013), as shown in Table 1.	3
For example, if the list contains 100 journals and is ordered using 2-year impact factor, the rule “send to the journal at the k ?	4
Even downloading the bibliographic data from the WoSCC, two citation count field tags are also provided (TC and Z9).	4
For the top 10 assignees most frequently citing U.S. pharmaceutical patents, large conglomerates were the major contributors.	4
Are there any differences in terms of citation impact between Spanish authors who publish frequently in PLOS ONE and the global Spanish output in Biology and Medicine?	1
In this study, we will conduct keyword co-occurrence analysis, part of bibliometric methods.	3
Among the main results, it stands out that the prevalence of COVID-19 and its post-pandemic implications have generated greater use of available technologies, such as the WhatsApp application, evidencing a positive relationship between the level of emotional self-regulation of children and its use as a didactic mediation agent.	4
References were downloaded and analyzed with Sphinx Survey software (http://www.sphinxsurvey.com) using the Lexica option, which allows statistical and text analysis.	3
Our comparison at the level of organizations is based on the 2013 edition of the CWTS Leiden Ranking.	2
In Kenya the FIC network was concentrated around the PMTCT work led by the University of Washington's AITRP program (Figure 3).	4
Nevertheless, we think that publication is a useful indicator of trends in scientific innovation that may culminate in new drugs.	0
By applying different cross-lagged panel models, we are able to analyze the relationship among research productivity, collaboration and their determinants.	1
It can be presented in the form of a matrix, crossing the types of relationships (R) between the entities or organisations and the functions (F) of the system, i.e.	3
More specifically, this research identifies the development of publication and citation patterns over time, as well as the most important institutions that generate most research on giftedness, key thinkers in the field, and the extent of international, institutional, and individual collaboration in the field.	1
By bibliometric criteria, eligible articles numbered 286,122 and the median (range) citation number was 574 (446-5746).	2
Finally, the novelty of each journal pairing was calculated using the z-score method, as described by Eq.	3
I also propose a world systems model extending beyond dynamics of material production to also encompass cultural epistemologies, resources, and language as elements of knowledge production.	1
(b) How similar is the network structure in international student mobility with that in scholarly communication on Twitter and Mendeley?	1
A bibliometric analysis was then performed on the following parameters:	3
The average for the sixth decade is similar, but is available for only six of the astronomers	0
Averaged by discipline, 0.10% of the papers published in the period 1976–1985 were (co-)authored by Chilean scholars.	4
This suggests that gold OA status does not necessarily correlate with higher citations.	5
The decrease was associated with the introduction of CrossCheck by KoreaMed and the frequent use of similarity check software.	5
In short, our expectation is that the inclusion of institutional-level template may potentially improve the research environment scores of the units that belong to relatively large and reputed institutions.	5
The magnitude of the effect is conditional on the duration of scientific mobility.	4
Our findings reveal that these two fields are flourishing, with 809 schools embracing MOT research and 348 schools TE, as evidenced by their publications in the base journals.	4
By looking at a diverse set of experts and their practices collectively, we were interested in several research questions: (1) What pathways led into unmaking e-waste?	1
The results of this work lead to the conclusion that researchers, especially those leading projects or laboratories, should communicate more and earlier in the process of developing articles.	5
We measured 'research orientation' using a seven-point Likert-type scale with 'pure basic research' at one end, 'applied research' at the opposite end, and 'strategic basic research' in the middle.	3
Their lowest cited paper each year, on the other hand, has fewer citations in more productive years.	4
The proportion of PHO programs that include hospitalists increased from 20% in 2012 (15/76) to 45% in 2015 (27/60) (see Supplementary Table S2).	4
To gain insight into Australian physician-researchers, we evaluated 303 medical practitioners awarded University of Sydney/Sydney Medical School (SMS) PhDs over 23 years and assessed their retention in research as reflected by original research publications.	1
Figure 1 shows a simple example of paper citation network with 4 vertices (publications) and five directed edges (citations).	0
We find that Nobel laureates were energetic producers from the outset, publishing almost twice as many papers as scientists in our comparison group (figure 1a).	4
The goal of the present article was to simulate CAPES' proposed method for the classification of Qualis in order to investigate the path that resulted in the stratification that was attributed to the referred journal.	1
1 Evolution in the average number of authors for the oldest CS areas	0
Assessment of research activity from a particular country or region could be achieved through bibliometric analysis.	3
Editors exhibited a wide range of beliefs, knowledge, practices, and misunderstandings of copyright in relation to TR.	4
Moreover, geographical proximity is no longer a critical requirement for knowledge dissemination.	4
We proposed the g-DMR topic model that is a universal method for multi-dimensional featured topic models by incorporating multiple arbitrary features into topic model.	5
The concept of overlay maps is similar to data visualisation but worthy of differentiation.	0
To assess the citation impact of international collaborations, we analyzed mean citations of multinational papers normalized by the mean citations of all papers in the same subject subfield and published in the same year in order to account for field and time dependent differences in citation distributions, which we termed the global citation index (GCI).	3
The approach is illustrated on statistical analysis of one research paper in materials sciences and, for comparative purposes, one operating manual containing instructions for installation, operation, use, maintenance and training requirements for the effective deployment of 1260 impedance/gain-phase analyzer, a book in the field of economic analysis (“Capital” by Karl Marx), two different literary texts for adult ("Jonathan Livingston Seagull" and "The Little Prince" by Richard Bach and Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, respectively), a one text extrapolated from an illustrated book addressed to children (“The velveteen rabbit-How toys become real" by Margery Williams).	2
Data used in this study come from the databases: Web of Science Core Collection and Derwent Innovations Index, included in Web of Science platform belonging to Clarivates Analytics Company.	2
Six academic journals that focus exclusively on higher education research were selected for this study.	2
As it stands, the IDEAL framework does not explicitly recognise issues of fair access to care and models for technical support.	4
Rather than easier access to more scholarship, increased resource devoted to pre-publication review, revision and editing is the most important development to ensure the greatest advances in research and scholarship.	5
The details of how the thresholds are determined can be found in Appendix 2.	0
The number of publications was used to evaluate the quantity of research output.	3
It shows how factors seemingly irrelevant to the epistemic issue at hand (the social and institutional context in which the idea is introduced) can play an important role and help pave the way to a resolution, and how these elements spared the ISI a divisive outcome.	5
We collected and analyzed data from Twitter, Mendeley, and Dimensions platform, as well as the dataset of all Springer books.	2
Throughout this paper, our aim is to develop new knowledge on the role of applicants in constructing certain funding evaluations as events with crucial importance for status bestowal.	1
The numbers in parentheses represent the JIF and the number of reviews included in the sample.	0
The aims of this study were to analyze the online activity related to orthodontic research via Altmetric and to assess if a correlation exists among citations, Mendeley reader count, and the AAS (Altmetric Attention Score).	1
The price rises of general books were much lower than those of learned books, with the average rising from 10.23 to 18.26 yuan, and increase of 78.49% over the 11 years with an average 6.08% per annum.	4
For example, citation data can only be collected for the first author.	0
Moreover, the articles written with co-authors are cited more than articles written by single author.	5
The main objective of the present study is to explore the knowledge output from the domain of information science, based on the analysis of the subjects of citation received by JASIST, IPM, JOD and JIS from 1998 to 2010.	1
We hypothesize that without an additional explanation of preprints and their lack of peer review, people will perceive research findings from preprints as equally credible compared with research findings from the peer-reviewed literature (Hypothesis 1).	1
Compiling a list of JCR-indexed OA journals is a cumbersome task that can only be achieved with non-Thomson Reuters data sources.	5
With respect to the first parameter, the range of weights to assign was 0.25 to 1 (0.25, 0.5, 0.75, 1), for both general and specific features.	3
The aim of this study was twofold: (1) to examine the composition of the research value chain and (2) to identify the effects of broken links within the chain.	1
To comprehensively gauge the impact of academic books, we assessed such an impact using citation analyses and altmetric indexes.	1
The overwhelming majority of return migrants take an academic position in their home country (see Table 1).	4
Economic prioritization can only be one part of a national research policy.	5
Firstly, interdisciplinary research demonstrates a positive association with citations when considering composite interdisciplinarity indicators.	4
The survey on which the article is based was part of a larger international study of 22,525 biologists and physicists working in universities and research institutes located in the United States, the United Kingdom (which included England, Northern Ireland, Scotland, and Wales), Italy, France, Turkey, India, Hong Kong and Taiwan.	2
The scientometric analysis of benchmarks may present an excellent opportunity for distinguishing incremental research from more innovative undertakings.	5
Email addresses of 550 accounting academics were hand collected from the websites of the selected universities; the mailing list of the African Accounting Forum at the American Accounting Association was also used.	2
We match chair holders (heads of professorships) who had third-party expenses from 2001 to 2015 with their publications and citations listed in the Scopus database.	2
Our results imply that the effect of inbreeding at different organizational levels have different impacts on productivity.	5
Nonetheless, many of the most highly cited articles introduced important fundamental concepts in modern facial plastic and reconstructive surgery.	5
Journal guidelines on title, abstract and keyword limits varied greatly, with a range of 120–500 words and an average of 266.0 words (±66.9 s.d.; figure 3a).	4
A list of the 100 most frequently cited publications (T100) about aortic dissection was generated by performing a searching of the Science Citation Index-Expanded using "aortic dissection" as the search term.	2
The second set contains 56 researchers affiliated with the National Institute for Nuclear Physics (INFN), whose work has inherently a narrower scope: hence, less multidisciplinarity is expected.	2
A bibliometric report that identifies the most-cited articles within the body of the relevant literature may provide insight and guidance for readers toward scientific topics that are considered important for researchers and all relevant workers of academia.	1
The following questions are answered: which articles are the most cited and constitute the intellectual base, which authors study this subject, which researcher groups have been formed and from which research approaches, what type of journals publish and from which countries, and in which major knowledge areas is this field being catalogued.	1
Government and non-government funding sources showed a trend to decrease in the same univariate analysis with both significant associations (r=0.21, p<0.001 and r=0.10, p≤0.001, respectively).	4
Citation context analysis helped to clarify the relationship in terms of content between HBPLE and LIS research and to explore the citation functions of HBPLE.	5
In summary, this study makes two contributions to further the research addressing scientific capability.	5
Early on, publishers with more than 100 journals dominated the market, but since 2012 publishers in the 10–99 journal size category have captured the largest market share.	4
Our results rejected the hypothesis: Researchers with high individual interdisciplinarity had fewer interdisciplinary interactions than others.	5
A cluster of connected words is given the same colour and larger nodes correspond to more frequently used words.	0
I engaged with English reports and academic literature related to the CCP influence debate from 2017 onwards by numerous individuals, scientific organisations, and university peak bodies such as the Group of Eight (Go8) and Universities Australia.	2
It has been observed that the academic activities have been shifter to an online teaching for the last 2 years.	0
In this article, we are concerned with the challenge of evaluating and measuring the societal impact created by SSH research, and in particular, a problem that arises when attempting to compare between very different kinds of impact.	1
Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain.	0
* The number of lines was counted for pages without any figures, tables, etc.	0
In these contexts, the citation impact of the publications and, particularly, the number of publications were emphasized.	4
The indicators TIMELINESS and RISK are derived from citation analysis.	3
Firstly, we propose weighted citations to measure the academic impact of scientific papers, which takes time heterogeneity and citation sentiment factors into consideration.	3
ISSN 1019-3316, Herald of the Russian Academy of Sciences, 2019, Vol.	0
The period over which citations are collected may change (the whole career of a scientist or a given period of time), and of course, instead of scientists, publications and citations one may consider different conglomerates (Rousseau, 2005), sources and items produced by these sources.	0
The effectiveness of this legislation needs to be investigated in some further studies.	5
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
1 College of Dance, Taipei National University of the Arts, Peito, Taipei 11201, Taiwan	0
To be eligible to participate in the survey, grant recipients had to have primary responsibility for overseeing at least one doctoral student (including PhD and/or MD/PhD students) currently or within the last 5 years.	2
Data was collected between the 5th of May and 5th of June 2023 using an online survey via Isondaje platform.	2
Received February 12, 2008; revised April 10, 2008; accepted April 10, 2008	0
In fact, he co-authored articles with 91 different scientists.	4
The key point made in his paper is the systemic approach and the acknowledgement that 'Repositories and journals may interact in a future OA scholarly communication and dissemination environment' (emphasis added).	0
Regarding correlation analysis, contrary to expected, social media mentions showed moderated and low statistical significance (r=0.383).	4
However, the application of certain filters – notably a minimum pagination length of 5 along with the presence of valid author information – reduced the quantum of documents studied to 689 records which included 613 articles, 38 reviews, 6 editorials, and 32 conference papers.	2
Through the co-occurrence analysis of the author-keywords of the publications, the research hotspots of Chinese scholars at three different stages in the field of SVM are identified, and development trends in this field can be understood from a full perspective.	3
The ontologies underwent manual and subsequent automated analysis using a test set of 100 published scientific papers (Table S1).	2
Haak, Martin Fenner, Laura Paglione, Ed Pentz and Howard Ratner 2012	0
We conduct the examination from the perspectives of the leading government agencies, the promotor-recipient relationship, and the common concerns of different participants.	1
The keyword “camel” was used in “title, abstract and keyword field” and “2003 to 2012” in time field was used for searching the main publication data used in the study and this become the main search string.	2
Removing citations by location is more effective than re-citation analysis that simply removes uni-citations.	4
From these, the documents with data in the FA field are analysed (181,610), extracting and identifying the main funding bodies.	2
Given the characteristics of preprints, we further propose the following hypotheses to answer our research questions: H1.	1
We constructed a dataset of the publications and conference proceedings of Fraunhofer researchers from the year 2000, based on publications in Elsevier's Scopus.	2
Management Science, Journal of Operations Management and Operations Research occupy the top-three positions.	4
The conceptual framework proposed in this article draws on available research of academic web profiles and on theories of trust and credibility from a social epistemological perspective, which emphasizes the dimensions of competence and trustworthiness in attributions of trust.	5
The m-index is derived from the h-index by dividing the h-index by the length of years of publication, to correct for the time elapsed relative to the difference during the number of pre-promotion and post-promotion years between individuals.	3
1, the ID and PR ranking algorithms exhibit a strong age bias that favors old patents over new ones.	4
The objective of this paper is to provide a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of OR/MS in Mainland China, including a statistical analysis of the number and type of articles, along with co-author analysis by author, institution and country level.	1
First, I manually reviewed randomly selected ISBNs from UK and Lithuanian (LT) books in WorldCat.	3
graduates in all four considered aspects/indicators, although the impact on some of them has only been detected after a more detailed analysis.	5
Slack was used for class communication, which fostered open, transparent communication wherein the trainees' advisors could observe and engage in class activities.	3
School of Law and Government, Dublin City University, Dublin 9, Ireland	0
Firstly, a “global” picture, representing comparisons between s-values delivered by the REF and h-values delivered by Hirsh indices, is gauged by Pearson's coefficient r and Spearman's rank correlation coefficients p.	3
There are statistically significant differences, in terms of both their impact factor and immediacy index values, between the journals that offer early view features and those that do not.	4
The figure on the right is a magnified portion of the left figure.	0
International mobility that involves changing jobs is significantly more likely to occur at stage R2 of the career than at stage R3 or stage R4.	4
Pearson's correlation coefficient was used to evaluate the correlation between EM journals' IF in 2000 and their IF trend from 2000 to 2019.	3
Nine independent variables were defined and obtained through coauthorship network analysis, and the doctoral students' research impact, as the only dependent variable, was used to test the hypothesized relationships among the variables.	3
In this paper, the following sections discuss the content in detail, i.e., Sect.	0
By integrating the link similarity (Eq 3) and the link importance (Eq 4), we have Eq 5, which is the weighted similarity between two references.	3
First, in a given time period, the academic age distribution follows the long-tail distribution, where more than 80% scholars are of young age.	4
First, calculate the share of OA publications (OAxij/xij) by institution (or country) and by discipline (or field—WoS subject category), then normalize by the world share (OAwj/Xwj).	3
However, documents of the period do show that Line initially toyed with this premise.	0
RQ3: What is the distribution of citation impact, by gender, in each country?	1
Table 4 include results for 34 institutions worldwide with a GRO-index in excess of 3000.	0
So far we may conclude that Modified Fractional Counting balances better between different co-authorship patterns than traditional complete-normalized fractional counting or full counting.	4
where a > 0 is the exponent to prescribe the trend of decreasing.	0
The impact of articles published by authors from high-income countries is significantly higher than those published by authors from middle-income countries.	5
Important criteria included Significance for artistic development, Contribution to knowledge/ understanding, Creative or intellectual context, Peer recognition.	4
The two-year cumulative citation count (CC2) and two-year citation rate (CR2) are taken as citation indicators in this study.	3
The IF of the “Medical Laboratory Technology" journals does not reflect a journals' compliance to uniform standards.	4
1 An overview on the study and its findings is published in ENDERS & BORNMANN, 2001.	0
Between 2000 and 2018 papers in Scopus increased by 4.94% a year, meaning that recognised knowledge was doubling every 15 years (NSB, 2020, Table S5A-2).	4
Here, we demonstrate that informal mentoring, tapping into existing knowledge held by colleagues’ human capital, might also be a complementary and less resource-intensive strategy with immediate results that would address one of the main obstacles early career academics face—lack of experience and insights; this obstacle puts them at a disadvantage as they often compete for the same grants with high-status scientists who have established funding and publication records.	5
The data used to support the findings of this study are included within the supplementary information file(s).	0
Most strikingly, the subject category of “Mathematics” is missing in the bibliometric analysis.	4
Bradford's Law of Scattering, which was used to estimate the exponentially diminishing returns of extending a search for references in science journals, was applied in this study.	3
for the given topic T, and ti denotes the probability of term i for the topic T.	0
Lane is now at the Department of Psychology, Rice University, Houston, Texas.	0
In this article, we analyze publication metadata from zbMATH, an online bibliographic database comprising more than 3 million mathematical publications classified by research topics and enhanced with author profiles.	2
In recent years, China showed faster growth rates than world average.	4
Table 6 shows that 58.49% of the articles are assigned to one subject category.	4
It addresses the following research questions: (1) What is OMR publications and citations trend over the last 13 years?	1
We used data from Web of Science (WoS; Birkle et al., 2020) provided by Clarivate Analytics.	2
This bibliometric study was conducted in PEDro and included only randomised controlled trials, systematic reviews, and clinical practice guidelines.	2
All universities under investigation communicate their commitment to upholding academic integrity by setting aside at least one concentrated web space for plagiarism- and/or academic integrity-related information (see the Appendix for links to the sampled universities' documents and/or resources on plagiarism).	4
This inconsistency makes it possible to identify the different impacts the two ranking systems have.	0
The most commonly used keyword is fuzzy logic, followed by fuzzy sets and uncertainty.	4
Received January 23, 2013; revised April 10, 2013; accepted April 11, 2013	0
In contrast, there are more informative self-presentations on professional networking sites for both established (professors) and less-established (only PhD holders) faculty members.	4
Overall, the journal has a diverse authorship and it has been a success for the last 24 years.	5
However, research productivity and citations in the field of language and linguistics are dominated by selected universities in each country particularly in Brunei, Singapore, Malaysia, and the Philippines.	4
We have found that the three methods, peer review, citation ranking, and download ranking are approximately equally able to predict future performance, but have quite different properties, and yield different results (in terms of the exact individuals chosen).	4
We found that the high citation behaviour trend had the strongest diffusion power and improved the knowledge diffusion speed for papers with a short span of citation history, whereas the low citation behaviour trend might make the citation counts take off for papers with a long span of citation history; the high citation behaviour trend has stronger influence and control power on intellectual structure, but this relationship is true only for papers with a short or normal span of citation history.	5
Development of effective quantitative indicators and methodologies to assess the outcomes of cross-disciplinary collaborative initiatives has the potential to improve scientific program management and scientific output.	1
The largest producer of the cited science is universities and the next is public research organizations.	4
The results were then compared with those retrieved using the Conventional Data Retrieval (CDR) method.	3
By our new criteria, two findings were obtained through empirical analysis: (a) the awakening periods for genius work depend on the increase rate b in the exponential function, and (b) lower b leads to a longer sleeping period.	4
The NH&MRC only funds projects in the areas of medicine and dentistry.	0
Articles published between January 1, 2006 and December 31, 2010 in 42 forestry journals (N = 16,258) were collected and, depending on their content and key words, classified in one of 22 sub-disciplines.	2
It can be seen that in the running results of these three topics, the ability to evaluate talents based on Zas index is the strongest, followed by z index.	4
In this article, from the macro-, meso-, and microperspectives of the knowledge structure in the field of nano-luminescent materials, patent information is captured by making full use of social networks.	1
The scientific community has responded rapidly to the COVID-19 pandemic, releasing over 125,000 COVID-19-related scientific articles within 10 months of the first confirmed case, of which more than 30,000 were hosted by preprint servers.	4
Among these articles, 8 of them are reviews and 2 of those are systematic review or meta-analysis.	4
Among the top 30 most productive countries in gold OA, Malaysia ranks 27th, standing as the only Southeast Asian country in this group.	4
The main component of this network includes 91 authors (nodes) and 508 co-authorships (link) that constitutes 92% of co-authorship network and conform the overall structure of the network [Figure 1] and is very similar to it.	4
Our study, by making this manifest, may help in guiding researchers in developing future estimation strategies.	5
2 Baylor College of Medicine, 1 Baylor Plaza, Houston, TX 77030, USA	0
Ultimately, journal rankings produced by GSM are sound and reliable.	5
The analysis I undertake integrates cross-disciplinary work using a rights framework.	3
then the responses provided on search requests using DOI's were downloaded.	3
The important point is: the fates of these manuscripts are unknown to journals, editors, and reviewers.	4
The empirical work is based on a large dataset of bibliographical records stemming from specific (biological) scientific fields — namely, papers from the publicly-available Medline database and dealing with “rabies”, the model animal “zebrafish", or based on members of two joint FAO/WHO expert groups, “JEMRA” and “JEFCA”, over the period 1985-2007 (yielding between 4, 648 and 8, 685 papers each).	2
In summary, our findings indicate that doctoral students in China are required to publish at least one journal paper during their 3–6 year study period, with WoS papers being a mandatory requirement for many universities.	5
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, (*):-, 2013	0
The results indicate an increasing interest in the topic of biosensor(s) with newly emerging sub-topics.	4
The complete 2005–2011 contents of the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS) including the three journal databases, SCIE, SSCI and A&HCI, as well as the BKCI have been processed as source documents.	2
The two remaining fields, Mathematics and Computer Science and Social Science and Humanities, have different reference distributions from the other three fields and between themselves.	5
We can also see from Table 1 that a majority of papers were promoted in the first year after publication.	0
It appears that not much have been done by the stakeholders in articulating sustainable policy framework for repository development in Nigeria.	5
It was found that ECRs are comfortable in performing multidisciplinary research but feel they lack knowledge about internal and external strategies making it difficult to form long-term views and also developing their networks in other disciplines.	4
As shown in Table 3, the results for the Gini coefficient for each matrix demonstrate that the coauthorship network between industries was most unequal (0.791).	4
Average book prices and sampled academic book prices in China during 2001–2011.	0
Of the 8411 submitted abstracts, we identified 2090 female and 6321 male authors.	2
NAJEF, as a new addition to the SSCI in 2013, had an impact factor of 1.50, which is higher than the rest of financial economics journals in Table 6.	4
This study contributes new empirical evidence demonstrating a statistically significant relationship between the learning theories underpinning educational doctorates and university rankings.	5
How do barriers to the diffusion of academic research affect innovation?	1
In addition, the Mann Whitney U test for unrelated samples was used to examine differences in citation parameters between contact lens articles published in contact lens-related journals and those published in non-contact lens-related journals.	3
Table 7 presents the findings of critical authors in lodging studies based on each author’s degree centrality, normalized Bonacich power, betweenness, and closeness centrality.	3
The method begins with constructing a network of the focal scientist's publications, where the links are defined by the cociting relations (SI Appendix, Fig.	3
It suggests governance arrangements affect the epistemic choices and research practices of the local knowledge networks only when certain conditions are met.	5
oeuvre-based counting, frequency weight 1, N or N2) produces 12 different counting methods as will be explained in detail: citation weight 1 (cW1), citation weight N (cWn), citation weight N2 (cWn2), re-citation weight one (rW1), re-citation weight N (rWn), and re-citation weight N2 (rWn2), counted either based on paper (P) or author oeuvre (A).	3
An initial list was compiled which included all serials with ISSN from the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ)10, PubMed Central (PMC)11, and the Directory of Open Access Scholarly Resources (ROAD)12.	2
As at November 9, 2015 when data was extracted, the directory hosted 10,708 journals from 136 countries of the world.	2
The CiteSpace bibliometric software was used to quantitatively analyze the research papers on green railways retrieved from the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) database during 1985–2021.	1
High-quality research is increasingly being published in high-impact journals.	5
They originate from three major academic institutions: Clarivate Analytics Web of Science, Elsevier Scopus, and Google Scholar.	2
This asymmetry is analysed here through examining (1) the political economy of the national research publication system, specifically (2) the exploitation of voluntary editors and reviewers; and identifying (3) instances of perverse incentive-seeking by universities which leverage journals and authors (including graduate students) as ‘cash cows’.	1
Only studies focusing on AKI as the main topic and in the English language were included.	2
Additionally, I found that temporal diversity is negatively associated with citation impact but positively associated with disruption.	4
This study revealed that the most common subspecialty observed in the top-cited articles was endodontic microbiol- ogy.	5
First, where in West Germany did laser research begin and why?	1
Data were exported to a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet and each article was then individually examined by two of the authors (GR, CWJ) and analyzed for article type, subject matter, institution, authorship trends, and level of evidence.	3
Other countries are Belgium, Australia, Croatia, Czech Republic, Brazil, Saudi Arabia, Spain, Switzerland, Austria, Canada, Egypt, India, Israel, Korea, and The Netherlands.	0
Conceptually, this index is easy to understand, despite its calculation is rather complicated; in fact, it relies on an iterative Page Rank algorithm that distributes prestige values among the journals until a steady-state solution is reached.	0
This study aims to identifying the characteristics of predatory publishing in the dermatology literature.	1
In particular, we focus on three research questions.	1
Downloaded from http://pmj.bmj.com/ on June 8, 2015 - Published by group.bmj.com	0
The complete list of studies included is available upon request from the correspondence author.	0
School of Library and Information Science, University of Washington, Seattle, WA.	0
Relationships between endorsing STROBE, endorsing other guidelines and journal impact factor were tested.	3
Lotka's original approach was to truncate his data and take the logarithm of both the number of works variable x and the percentage of authors variable y and perform a linear least squares fit.	3
- number of OA publications about open science, as a percentage of that same university's total number of documents about open science.	3
On 3 February 2015, an academic library user in North America found through EBS-COhost's Academic Search Complete a Science (ISSN 0036-8075) article entitled “Using internal combustion engine waste heat can increase efficiency, lower fuel consumption, and reduce CO2 emissions”.	2
Conceived and implemented as a solution to ECR publishing challenges, Global Policy: Next Generation (GPNG) publishes peer reviewed policy-relevant research.	1
The results are presented by each time period: 1980–1984, 1990–1994, and 2000–2004.	0
As patent filing is sometimes driven by motives other than seeking protection or the actual granting of a patent, incorporating all patents, including applications, into a corpus for analysis might result in a less perfect representation of innovation.	0
We found that 41 of the 100 articles in the top 100 list are from the USA, which confirms the tremendous impact on medical science research in the USA as its large scientific population and the sufficient financial resources which are available to the scientific communities.	5
Those that received the highest number of citations were ecology, environmental sciences (ES), public environmental and occupational health (PE&OH), biodiversity conservation (BC) and geography.	4
As already mentioned, the position of each of the keywords on the map represents the average position of the articles included in this keyword.	0
If bibliometrics is used in peer review, this is called informed peer review.	5
The study has been financially supported by the Academy of Finland.	0
There is, however, a limit to increasing one's centrality or cliquishness in the network, given that nearly all of the network measures examined eventually exhibited diminishing returns, if not an outright decline, in a context of increased connectedness.	5
We utilize a weighted fraction count (WFC) procedure and discuss how this type of method may assist in the evaluation of published research in social science.	1
Furthermore, we show that these peer effects critically depend on the characteristics of both senders (those who produce the peer effects) and receivers (those who benefit from them).	1
This lack of growth in awards for physicians and physicians without a PhD in departments of psychiatry differed significantly in comparison with the increase shown in awards to other departments over time (both p<0.001).	4
In the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei urban agglomeration, the geographical distance was negatively correlated with the frequency of cross-city biomedical R&D cooperation; High-speed railway transportation had a positive correlation with the frequency of cross-city biomedical R&D cooperation.	4
A simple way to reflect journal impact is to apply the Euclidean norm to some measure of journal impact or visibility.	3
The study sample comprises 11 faculty members from Biochemistry Department and the papers published by them during the period 2000 to 2010.	2
The COVID-19 impact ratio significantly correlated with the JIF ratio (r = 0.403, P = 0.010).	4
With regard to the control indicators (Table 2), some investigators, such as authors 14, 10, and 4, show rates of self-citation above 25% (27.03, 26.26, and 25.37%, respectively), that is, more than one in four bibliographic references cited in their papers are references to studies they participated in as authors or coauthors.	4
4 At the onset of our research, the 2018 Ranking had not yet been released.	0
Our study has three key findings: First, there is little variation in the core topics of economic research.	4
This study has direct policy implications in terms of processes for allocation of research resources for avian influenza.	5
I sampled authors who published in BMJ Open and SAGE Open during 2013.	2
What once was a costly search that required expert training to perform is now available to all on hundreds of university campuses.	0
A total of 15619 articles were published in the selected journals between 2015 and 2017.	4
In Step 5, the dataset was split into three time periods: 2001–2007 (2,535 documents, seven journals), 2008–2014 (12,169 documents, 15 journals), and 2015–2021 (57167 documents, 18 journals).	2
Of the total 459 repositories contributed by Asian countries, 441* are taken for data analysis.	4
Does the novel TabNet method designed for tabular data with interpretable canonical DNN learning architecture have a better performance in identifying PEPs?	1
Author contributions Marko Marhl: Conceptualization, Writing, Supervision; Rene Markovi?: Software, Calculations, Visualization, Writing; Vladimir Grubelnik: Visualization, Writing; Matja?	0
Again, because the subfactors were perturbed, the simulations predict a range of ranks.	0
Consequently, we formulate the following hierarchical panel regression model	3
As these forces remain imbalanced, the study concludes with a call for further exploration of the interplay between the forces of homogenization and heterogenization and how the tensions between them are mediated within a performance-based research funding system.	5
This study was conducted with social science and humanities scholars in Egypt and Saudi Arabia.	5
Citation classics have traditionally been defined in the smaller medical specialties as any article published in a peer-reviewed journal that has received 100 or more citations from other articles also published in peer-reviewed journals.	1
For an indepth overview and discussion of the continuing relevance of this topic, see [44,58]).	0
For the purposes of our study, from the vast variety of disciplines and research domains, we decided to focus on the domain of learning analytics, directly related to sustainability in higher education, our special interest.	1
In this context, in which climate change poses serious threats to the protection, conservation and transmission of cultural and natural heritage to future generations [13], the aim of this research is to identify scientific production regarding the impact of climate change on cultural and natural heritage.	1
Responses from active finance scholars in a web survey are used to endogenously rank and classify a broad set of 102 finance journals by quality and importance.	2
Though not shown here, data for a 5-year window show the same trends.	0
The statnet and btergm package in R software is utilized to estimate the parameters of model (Handcock et al., 2008; Leifeld et al., 2018).	3
We study the possible influences of the Russian conflict in the Ukraine on Russia's research productivity and international collaboration in science.	1
Smaller research teams of 2–4 scientists are responsible for a disproportionately larger share of the retracted papers especially when it comes to retractions due to honest mistakes.	4
This is small chaff but may be gritty unless swept away.	0
The author has proposed two new indices: P-index as the prime index and V-index as the value added per author index.	5
5, we can see in Europe, English scientific tweets have the highest percentage (over 75%) in all investigated countries.	4
Declaration: The authors report no financial or commercial conflicts of interest.	0
To this end, editor's bias is reformulated as a special case of organizational beliefs within the firm, following Van den Steen (2005).	3
Rather, they diversify as much as possible their research system.	4
After analyzing networking and sociodemographic variables; number of authors in a collaboration network and percentage of invested GDP were associated with high productivity yielding a multiple regression model with an R2 value of 0.983.	4
To discover the influence of certain terms and their transferability, synergies, and future trends, a cluster analysis of the keywords was performed.	1
where Fr – productivity of the source with rank r in the given subject field,	0
In order to calculate relative measures of productivity and international collaboration productivity by country, the Relative Intensity Index (RII) (Larivière et al.	3
For the final knowledge networks, 1043 keywords of MI and 1252 keywords of CS were retained.	0
Taiwan is the most productive region in China.	5
Cited fields are aggregated into five high-level categories: life sciences, including agriculture and molecular biology; health, including medicine and allied health professions; physical sciences, including chemistry, engineering, computer sciences, and environmental sciences; social sciences, including economics and psychology; and multidisciplinary journals.	3
Analyses are presented for an overall 9-year publication period (2007–2015), split into a pre-mobility phase, a mobility phase and a post-mobility phase, each of which lasts for 3 years.	2
The obtained results of modeling the dependence of the influence of non-economic factors (the quality of higher education and science, and GII) on GDP per capita in the considered countries, using MLRA and ANNs indicate that R2(MLRA)=0.630 < R2(ANNs)=0.878, indicating that the nonlinear ANNs model better describes the defined dependence Y = f (X1-X7).	5
Our analysis of individual career paths, from which a mobility graph is obtained, places the United States as a central hub for international mobility in CS.	5
Our article contributes to these studies by showing that interdisciplinary research can distinctively contribute to addressing emerging topics.	5
The study uses the idea of Guan et al.	3
The findings indicate that the elasticity of manuscript submission to APC is inelastic.	4
Data for this purpose come from a unique bibliometric profile created using web scraping with Python that includes information on gender, citation counts, annual salary as well as race, academic rank, and field for nearly two thousand scholars from two major Canadian universities over a 6-year period (2014–2019).	2
The mediated workflow has removed a number of barriers (actual or perceived) that affect deposit rates: namely workload, difficulties in engaging with the platforms, lack of confidence regarding publishers' policies, and an overall perception of any workflow as 'too time-consuming or complicated'.	5
The research result shows that the proposed main path analysis method in this paper can resolve the problem of discipline bias and time bias in interdisciplinary research.	4
These results show that, while there was no immediate significant change in the amount of alternative medicine patenting (the level coefficient), the trend at which alternative medicine patents were being granted did change significantly following the founding of the OAM (the trend coefficient).	4
In the research of educational technology, the degree centrality measure of a country is strongly correlated with its measures of betweenness centrality and closeness centrality (Table 2).	4
The data set was collected from November 2011-April 2012 based on their contribution to publication provided in the University Newsletters, considering their willingness to participate in the survey.	2
We used Social Network Analysis (SNA) and the robust tool Pajek to determine the complexity of educational research titles (de Nooy et al., 2011).	3
We initially identified first-year Neurosurgery residents for the 2016-2017 academic year of all United States neurosurgical residency programs via departmental websites.	2
The fifth question is, do the allocations of publications to entrepreneurship journals differ between the USA and the UK?	1
In this work we construct the complete cancer research collaboration network using bibliometric data retrived from Elsevier's SciVerse Scopus and Thomson Reuters' web of science (WoS) electronic databases.	2
The indicators identified as relevant were: the percentage of the total documents that are in the top 10% of the most cited documents (HCD),.i.e.	5
In the early years of the OM movement, researchers in North America contributed the largest percentage of the research, which is understandable given that the US was one of the early proponents of the field.	5
Using international co-authorship as a key variable, we analyze citation patterns across a diverse range of fields over a 10-year period, and differentiate between citations accrued in the authors' countries and citations received in other countries.	1
The search process uses the Web of Science Core Collection database and analyses all ISF publications between 1999 and 2018.	2
International (Scopus, PUBMED, Google Scholar) and local (Health Research and Development Information Network) electronic medical databases were used to retrieve studies published by Filipino neurologists using the PNA official website as reference.	2
Participants Researchers with experience of applying for/ obtaining funding and/or experience of fulfilling reporting requirements for UK health and social care research funded between January 2018 and June 2021.	2
Received 2 April 2024; Received in revised form 21 September 2024; Accepted 24 September 2024	0
The research also assessed the network centrality measures of each journal by using Gephi, a social network analysis tool, and compared the number of citations of each journal (Bastian, Heymann and Jacomy 2009).	3
Our analysishas proven the domination of European countries, particularly France and Spain, on the international collaborations related to water research, the dependency of Moroccan water research outputs on international collaborations and research funding to progress although they are still managed by local research scientists and institutions, and the better representation of novel Moroccan research findings in local journals rather than in the research outputs indexed by major bibliographic databases.	5
Consequently, the analysis period (1993–2019) was divided into five comparable sets: 1993–1999 (Period 1); 2000–2004 (Period 2); 2005-2009 (Period 3); 2010–2014 (Period 4), and 2015–2019 (Period 5).	2
This occurred because rhetorical citing redistributed some citations from a stable set of elite-quality papers to a more dynamic set with high-to-moderate quality and high rhetorical value.	4
R-squared values of pseudo-decision coefficients underscore the fact that citation proximity possesses the greatest explanatory power for adoption decisions (R2 = 0.750, Model 2), followed by citation authority (R2 = 0.540, Model 1) and citation continuity (R2 = 0.396, Model 3).	4
The journal is still in print today and indexed by major international databases, such as WoS, PubMed, and SCOPUS.	0
With this approach, for fields of comparable intensity of publication, we succeed in distinguishing those fields in which the Italian research system is relatively strong from those where it is weak, on the basis of the percentage of TSs at the international level, controlled for field size.	3
At the same time, the scientific references cited in patent documents and available in patent databases do not provide an accurate picture in this respect: 30 % of patents that were inspired by scientific knowledge do not contain any scientific references.	4
By analysing these 30,028 outputs, and by using various methods of ranking journals and publishers, we are able to provide insights into the beliefs and prejudices of institutions and individual researchers regarding the publication of legal research over a 30-year period.	1
This note also opens the consideration of the potential of Real Options approaches for decision support for project selection and management of research.	1
Using a unique sample of 214 returnee scholars retrieved from the Changjiang Scholars Program in the fields of natural and life sciences, this study examines the impact of returnees' transnational capital on their performance in the reintegration process.	1
Simple random sampling, stratified random sampling, purposive sampling techniques and the sample size converter were the sampling procedures and methods employed.	3
An analysis of three major pharmacy practice journals showed that the median time to indexing articles published in 2010 and 2011 was 114 days.	5
3 depicts the number of publications for each country, with the most productive being China with 245 publications and the United States with 172, followed by the United Kingdom with 47, Canada with 23, etc.	4
Ramanujacharyulu (1964) was among the first works to explore the use of eigenvector algorithms for ranking nodes on networks, with a specific focus on ranking players in a tournament.	3
Because teamwork is such an important part of the production of scientific work, as a secondary aim, we examine the link between the career stage composition of research teams and the probability that the work by the team builds on new ideas.	1
The Pajek formatted data can be found at: http://ella.slis.indiana.edu/~eyan/papers/LIS.net; and the Matlab formatted data can be found at: http://ella.slis.indiana.edu/~eyan/papers/LIS.mat.	0
With the exception of the mean score for the integrity inhibitors scale, all scale means are somewhat higher in this sample than they were in the two prior (non-VA) samples for which there is published data.	4
The mathematicians I interviewed are tenured researchers in different fields of pure mathematics and of different academic ages.	2
The evolution of a global topic usually follows a pattern of starting with an adjusting status and gradually standing alone.	5
In both samples, the participants completed a 34-item scale regarding their attitudes toward academic cheating (Gardner and Melvin 1988).	2
However, while this approach may lead to the recruitment of scientists with a strong CV and track record, it may at the same time prevent many talented researchers with interest and career trajectories diverging from the norm from being recognized for their contributions and succeed as academics.	5
Scopus researcher IDs were used to track individual researchers throughout the period.	3
This paper investigates the fitness-for-purpose and soundness of bibliometric parameters for measuring and elucidating the performance of researchers in the field of education sciences in Germany and other European countries for the purpose of benchmarking.	1
The colour and size of the nodes and the grey shading of the links can be chosen as options within Pajek.	0
The most productive countries in this domain are the United States, China, and the United Kingdom.	4
the degree of transfer of results of science and higher education to industry and society as a whole (X7).	5
One is that there is a relative equilibrium between the publications of the policy approach and teaching and learning approach in both the specialized and non-specialized higher education journals.	5
it was also observed that some journals provided a long list of indexing/ abstracting databases in which their journal was not actually included	0
1 Department of Business and Economics, University of Cagliari, Cagliari, Italy	0
These data consisted of 30,034 comments associated with 15,362 articles, and included article ID, comment ID, the title of the comment, the comment itself, and the date and time the comment was created.	2
A total of 840 retracted publications were identified in the analysis.	4
The data used in the paper mainly come from Research Papers in Economics, RePEc.	2
For the journals in these cohorts, the citation data (2018) of articles published in 2016 and 2017 classified as citable items (CI) were analysed using various descriptive approaches including e.g.	2
Of 298 faculty at MakCHS at 2015, 89 (30%) were female and 229 (77%) were junior and mid-level faculty (senior lecturer and below).	4
We conclude that the external roles of associations (establishing connections between science and society) have become more important than the internal ones.	5
The main research groups were identified using the Fruchterman Reingold algorithm, which was executed with the network analysis and visualization program Pajek (http://pajek.imfm.si/doku.php).	3
At this time there are many loose ends in the analysis.	0
Fig 2 displays the overall distributions of the two citation measures.	0
Finally, the novelty of a focal document is evaluated by summarizing the distances between all references.	3
General-interest journals tend to receive a larger number of manuscript submissions while surprisingly the top five economics journals do not.	4
2 https://genderize.io, encompasses 216,286 unique names from 79 countries and is spread across 89 languages.	0
2009), an open-source template for Microsoft Excel which allows analysis and visualisation of social network data.	3
(2019b), 1,830,307 papers were assigned to the corresponding discipline(s) based on their own CLC-codes (in the paper classification dataset) and their journals’ CLC-code (in the journal classification dataset).	3
This article demonstrates the endorsement effect by examining how the founding of the NIH's Office of Alternative Medicine affected both the discourse surrounding the legitimacy of alternative medicine, and the production of alternative medicine-related patents.	1
The following inequalities hold: F ≤ R2 ≤ R1 ≤ W.	0
Only English speaking journals and journals pertaining to Urology were included in the study.	2
Based on the data obtained from the review of documents and interviews, the outputs can be divided into two categories of formats and activities, as shown in Figure 2; each of these outputs includes various sub-categories.	4
The estimates in table 1 from a negative binomial model confirm many of these expectations.	3
We have undertaken a bibliometric comparison of research on COVID-19 between English and Chinese language journals.	1
NSSFC provides much more funding to traditional topics rather than emerging topics.	4
Then, for each species and for the whole study period, in Scopus and WoS separately, we obtained the total number of documents per species (“documents”), how many times the documents were cited (“total citations"), the h-index (defined as the number of documents with a citation number ≥h, Hirsch, 2005), the citation rate (Formula 2), and the average citations per year (citations/year).	3
Convenience sampling was used to choose the participants, and thematic analysis was used to analyse and present the research results in themes.	3
Coauthor and acknowledgment data were captured for 1384 research articles published between 1980 and June, 2023 that focused on tardigrades.	1
Based on an extensive sample of scientific papers in the Engineering-Manufacturing field, this study focuses on old dirty data in the Scopus and WoS databases.	1
The JCA analysis also showed that the majority of our respondents found both extrinsic quality criteria (related to reputation and prestige) and intrinsic criteria (related to cognition and development) relevant.	4
Through examining the degree distributions and analyzing the vulnerability, we uncover that the giant component is comprised of the “elite”, the “middle-class” and the “grassroots", with respect to the nodes' degrees and their functions in structuring the giant component.	4
This piece of research uses the geocoding of publication data clustered by city.	3
In the present investigation, without entering into the recursive or repeated improvement aspect, we propose that from a fractionalized author-paper network we can compare observed or actual paper citations with an expected citation rate based on the standing of the authors and therefore ascertain a relative citation rate.	1
Five databases (PubMed, Google Scholar, CINAHL, Scopus, and MEDLINE) were utilized to identify retracted publications using the term "Retracted Publication Orthopedic."	2
Why not to use the journal impact factor as a criterion for the selection of junior researchers: A comment on Bornmann and Williams (2017)	1
Three clusters of institutes and the majority of authors mainly came from South Korea, Taiwan and mainland China.	4
This paper analyses the impact of digital technological innovation on the carbon emission intensity of enterprises and conducts an empirical test based on the data of listed enterprises in China from 2009 to 2021.	1
Drawing from interviews with nutrition scientists at universities and in the food industry, we demonstrate that the organisation of research labour can deviate significantly from such prescriptions.	3
Upon data evaluation, 741 articles from 1990–2013 were analyzed.	2
This country case study describes how science policy instruments are designed to shape publication patterns and identifies the changes in researchers' productivity that can be observed over the period 2009–2016 in Poland by analysing data on 452,277 publications submitted to the country's national research evaluation system.	1
Accordingly, the article acceptance rate could be likely to grow from 26–27% to about 35–55%.	4
From the general responses, only 115 (45%) of the respondents indicated that they were aware of open science concepts, but they were not involved in its practices.	4
This study describes the correlation of reads, citations, and Altmetric score in manuscripts published in Cardiology in the Young, demonstrating poor correlation, at best, between these metrics.	5
Special thanks to Francesca Servoli for revising the manuscript and bibliography according to the Instructions.	0
From this resource, we compile a dataset of 1039577 publications published primarily in the two decades between 2000 to 2021 by 118560 authors.	2
By means of natural language processing algorithms and human validations— natural language processing algorithms and human validations are handled by the free software Gargantext [6]; we first extract from an original corpus of documents (Fig.	3
Utilizing a dataset of citations and altmetrics for all articles published in Nature Communications and PloS One, in this study the impact of OPR is investigated from the dimensions of open review reports and open identity reviewers.	1
JSC has the quickest dynamic and interdisciplinary non-JSC has the slowest dynamic while most journals are more cited by interdisciplinary citations.	4
Fraudulent data were the cause of retraction in 22 (26.5%) articles, and 14 articles (16.87%) were retracted because of plagiarism.	4
Altogether, after this process, we are left with about 61 thousand machine learning papers prepared for our analyses, i.e., which are equipped with a venue name, a title, a year and an abstract text and, additionally, the title of the work.	2
As shown within the 2009–2014 time band, 9,747,715 publications are indexed in SCI-E, among which 4,608,632 records contain funding acknowledgment with an FA reporting rate of 47%.	4
We retrieved 746 articles from 274 of 526 Filipino neurologists which were published in 245 publications over 45 years with 12,409 citations.	4
This work was partially supported by the National Science Centre, Poland, project no.	0
Many of the 20 most cited RePEc papers were not published in the T5.	4
Here, we use three quantitative metrics: (a) a classical metric of productivity (publications per person) first used by Lotka in 1926, (b) an adapted metric which we denote as Revealed Scientific Advantage, to compare publications in scientific disciplines among countries, and (c) a new metric, scientific indigeneity (defined as the ratio of publications with domestic corresponding authors), to characterize the locus of scientific activity that may also serve as a partial indicator for local absorptive capacity.	3
Here, we show that chemical engineers cite journals in WoS' chemical engineering category most, followed by physical chemistry, energy & fuels, multi-disciplinary chemistry, environmental science, and multi-disciplinary materials science.	1
In addition, we will examine the extent to which research is affected by the comparison between ‘young' and 'old' Departments as well as their geographical allocation.	1
The approach proposed in this study presents a seamless pipeline that includes graph-based bibliographic data modeling, graph embedding generation, entity embedding integration, and machine learning for prediction.	5
In addition, they suggest the importance of certain major counter-intuitive policy instruments to facilitate the co-evolution of human capital formation and research capacity building.	4
The 'kiss' is marked by a lighter circle with a dark border	0
This section reviews page classification studies and longitudinal web research as a prelude to combining the two approaches for the research question.	0
To compare between COVID-19 and non-COVID-19 pairs, we performed the chi-squared test.	3
Using Atlas.ti, I then coded all narratives and began writing descriptive and theme-based memos.	3
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
For comparisons, we obtained data from the Blue Ridge Institute for Medical Research data-base, which lists the NIH grant funding (not including research and development contracts or American Recovery and Reinvestment Act funding) for United States allopathic medical schools accredited by the Liaison Committee on Medical Education [18].	2
The scientometric indexes reduce the visibility of work from the (semi-)periphery and reinforce the hegemonic position of the Anglo-Saxon centre.	5
For our first problem, predicting an author’s future h-index, we find that the author’s current h-index is the most important, followed by the number of publications and co-authors.	4
The major findings reported in the article stem from the consultations and investigations with the parties responsible for the relevant quality inspections of publications commissioned by the original State General Administration of Press and Publication (GAPP).	2
In order to quantitatively validate the observed clustering, we ran a k-Nearest Neighbors classification task on 70% of the data to measure the accuracy with which the field associated with a location is predicted by the most frequent field among its k nearest neighbors (see Methods).	3
Second, it finds that the effects of prior mobility experience and return mobility on research career advancement also vary by career stage.	1
This study compares faculty choices of serials subscription cancellations to the choices that would have been predicted using a bibliometric tool, the California Digital Library Weighted Value Algorithm (CDL-WVA).	1
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 455 times since 2009*	0
Two main data sources were used, Incites? and UNESCO, from which we obtained the country publication and economic data, respectively.	2
It was established by the Ministry of Education in 1999 with the aim of allowing universities to retain title to inventions resulting from government supported R&D and emphasizing the protection and commercialization of university intellectual properties (Ministry of Educations 1999).	0
Are OA books and chapters more likely to receive attention from news, blogs, Wikipedia, Twitter, Mendeley and policy documents than non-OA ones?	1
We investigate how increases in publication delays have affected the life cycle of publications of recent Ph.D.	1
Since migrating to the bepress open access publishing platform in 2014, for example, there have been 36,771 downloads from the journal website (March 2015 to December 2017, see Figure 9).	4
With reference to Granovetter's and Burt's theories on weak ties and structural holes, we argue it is the bridging position a researcher holds in a scientific network that matters most to improve scientific performance.	5
One solution is to bring peer review into the light.	5
Overall, 71% of the scimag articles stemmed from uploads of more than 100,000 articles a day, which occurred on 13 days in total.	4
First, ARPISB adopts the Infrequent Synonymous Biterm (ISB) technique to extract the dedicated knowledge from the infrequent patterns of synonymous biterms in a corpus (e.g., paper titles) to replace using external knowledge, and thus resolves the linguistic diversity problem.	5
As of 3 March 2021, CoronaCentral covers 128,921 papers.	2
On the other hand, with specific respect to economics, in light of the relevance of social connections and especially political views in shaping citation behavior, it may be necessary to question the efficiency of the discipline's organization in rewarding scientific achievement only.	5
Hence, the development of the scholarly-controlled SBRs arXiv and RePEc to support the long-standing preprint and working papers culture in physics and economics.	5
In conclusion, our results suggest that the SNI assessment criteria reinforce the status quo of researchers in the highest ranks making difficult career progressions of youngest.	5
Our review of the pros and cons of the different evaluation processes clearly reveals the complementariness of the quantitative and qualitative approaches.	5
Many academics articulated the goal as increasing the number of publications rather than making contributions to knowledge.	4
This paper investigates whether the increased emphasis on research has had the desired effect in the field of economics.	1
The key challenge for future research is to identify the channels through which distance and state borders medi- ate knowledge spillovers—more specifically, why public and private universities differ and how open science and patent regimes affect diffusion.	0
To investigate overall changes over time, the first data set included 25 varied Scopus categories from 2009 to 2015 in order to give wide coverage of scholarship: Animal Science and Zoology; Language and Linguistics; Biochemistry; Business and International Management; Catalysis; Electrochemistry; Computational Theory and Mathematics; Management Science and Operations Research; Computers in Earth Sciences; Finance; Fuel Technology; Automotive Engineering; Ecology; Immunology; Ceramics and Composites; Analysis; Anesthesiology and Pain Medicine; Biological Psychiatry; Assessment and Diagnosis; Pharmaceutical Science; Astronomy and Astrophysics; Clinical Psychology; Development; Food Animals; Complementary and Manual Therapy.	2
The high number of acceptances within a day or week of submission and the number of retractions and withdrawals of COVID-19 papers might be a warning sign about the possible lack of a quality control process in scientific publishing and the peer review process.	5
3 Does counting citations from one section produce different results (in terms of article rankings) from total citation counts, for each section and broad field?	1
This paper reflects the findings and conclusions of the authors and does not necessarily reflect the views of IMLS, OCLC, and ALISE.	0
Citation analyses and the calculation of a journal's impact factor are frequently used to evaluate the achievement of scientists.	3
The scholars of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan and female researchers should give more attention in writing quality articles eligible for consideration at this Journal.	5
(More details from Survival International, 36 Craven Street, London WC2N 5NG).	0
The articles dataset contained in total 130,510 articles and 177,449 authors that acknowledged the NSERC support in the respective article.	2
There were a total of 2010 journals in the Scopus data downloaded from SCIMago website that were identified in the DOAJ metadata and assumed to be OA.	2
5) and which is down 10% from the number two years ago.	4
The following table indicates data types and sources (Table 1).	4
In this article, we aimed to report the relevant data about the medical science and research situation in Iran and compare them with other countries.	1
Assume that the error rates e+ and eˉ are drawn independently from two Beta distributions, namely e+ ~ Beta(α+, β+) and e ~ Beta(αˉ, βˉ).	3
In this study, for each physician in 1996, 2006, and 2016, data on the following were evaluated: registration number, gender, age, years of experience, workplace or facility type (municipality and medical institution type), and area of practice.	2
The use of library online platforms, Sci-Hub, ResearchGate, Google Scholar and smartphone to search and access full-text papers increased.	4
The WUI expresses the daily rate of change of the URLs.	0
Applicants were rated on a 6-point scale in nine subcomponents (Table 1), and the summative score (on a cumulative 54-point scale) was also provided.	2
Analysis of the 2,111 stemmed author keywords showed that few reflected an increasingly open bibliometrics.	4
We analyze the distinctive obsolescence of research literature in disciplinary journals in eight scientific subfields based on cited references distribution, as a synchronous approach.	1
This scientometric study provides an assessment of the research activities at Iraqi-Kurdistan universities.	1
For each article, the reported AAS was extracted (i.e., a higher score corresponds to increased online presence, with a score of ≥ 20 generally representing a high-performing article compared to its contemporaries).	2
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
Rejected manuscripts with at least one female author were more likely to undergo moderate or major revisions prior to submission to another journal, a finding related to ideas expressed by Hengel (2015).	4
(3) The evaluation results using different attributes are quite different from each other and each single attribute only measures some aspect of the research output.	4
Using a set of articles published in sixty of the highest reputation economics journals in 1994, we find that citations received over fairly short windows (between 1 and 2 years after publication) are much stronger predictors of long-run citation counts compared with journal impact factors or other journal rankings.	2
In total, 5.83 million news mentions records that involve 1.03 million scholarly outputs were extracted from the whole dataset up to December 2019 provided by the Altmetric database.	2
Organizational and professional support structures can provide tools and resources to help academic librarians address the challenges of research and publishing.	5
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
We analyze a three-stage model, t = 0, 1, 2, where the incentives to share depend on two factors.	3
Conflict of interest statement: The authors declare that the article content was composed in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.	0
The publication data for 6,076 articles in the field of Biotechnology and Applied Microbiology, published in open-access journals in 2015, were retrieved from Web of Science.	2
A network model was built with the papers found in the Web of Science by using the software HistCite [29].	3
This is the research question for this paper.	1
Keys to successful cancellations include: -- Having the facts straight before negotiating.	0
Equation (8) states the exact form used for our regression analysis.	3
The publication dates of the articles ranged from January 1st, 2011 to December 31st, 2018; the start date of the search period was chosen as January 1st, 2011 because AMC started providing English editing via the EECs at that timepoint.	2
This study performs a bibliometric analysis of the IJIMAI publications between 2008 and 2018.	1
By using VOSviewer mapping software, a map of the selected 90 important international academic awards was constructed and shown in Fig.	4
Pure and applied scientists grant authorship outside the ICMJE guidelines more compared to those in the humanities.	5
We conclude this study in Section 5 with remarks for future research.	0
Grouping the results by research area, as derived from the WoS and Scopus category names, Scopus has a greater number of indexed documents in all areas except Arts & Humanities, which has the fewest documents (around 1.5%) but its biggest coverage advantage is for Technology (Fig.	4
This study focuses on SBs that are cited in patents.	1
More standardization in the recognition and acknowledgment of errors, with active engagements from authors, readers, editors, and publishers, is recommended.	5
The bibliographic records that belonged to all document types, including articles, reviews, notes, letters and editorials published in these journals from 2010 to 2019 were retrieved from the Scopus database and included in the study sample.	2
By using "platform" in both topic and title field, we obtained a total of 3170 publications.	2
This article uses the data indexed in the Web of Science Core Collection and Scopus databases up to and including the year 2020 to map leading regions and trending topics in academic innovation policy research.	1
Let us just focus on the practicality of the model developed in this section.	0
The authors examined 1,698 issues published by 41 LIS journals between 2003 and 2012 and found a total of 10,575 refereed articles, of which one or more USALs authored 3,913 (37%).	2
We identified factors that associate with full-time academic HN positions post-HN fellowship.	1
This study aims to fill this gap in the literature by addressing the influence of growth rate of research topics on citation counts of their articles and whether it can be a determinant of future citation impact.	1
when a reviewer has not responded to a review invitation in a reasonable amount of time or when the editor has received sufficient invitation acceptances for a given manuscript from others), average days to respond to invitations, and average days to complete reviews.	2
To measure the association between structural position and performance we computed correlation scores between the measure of structural position (BC) and the two performance indexes.	3
The results show that: solar output has risen substantially; solar research has a greater impact (measured in terms of citations) than publications on other renewables such as wind power; scientific production on solar energy is high in Germany and Spain, which together account for 51% of the total in the EU-27; the pattern of topics researched in the two countries is very similar; and their international collaboration is more intense than the world average and higher than in countries such as the USA, China or Japan.	4
Our work shows that scientific contributions are not always what they look as seen from a direct citation perspective.	5
Meanwhile, diffusion speed in virality is significantly faster than broadcasting and members from virality channels tend to adopt the same innovation repetitively.	4
In this study, we examined the impact of an early debut on young scientists' research productivity.	1
The findings indicate that multidisciplinarity has two different but related effects on researcher performance.	5
Using the citation analysis method, this paper analyzed the distributional characteristics and evolution of source periodicals, fields, authors and topics of 2,203 highly cited journal papers from the database of China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) and 189 cited journal papers from database of Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) in agricultural economics first-authored by Chinese scholars from 2006 to 2015.	2
Third, this study demonstrated that the power law also applied in the field of predatory publishing, as in other research fields.	5
Two variables measuring the count of followers on Twitter and LinkedIn served as our independent variables.	3
This study presents a detailed list of the 100 most mentioned neuroimaging articles in online media, thus providing useful information on the dissemination of neuroimaging research to the general public.	5
These authors published a total of 2025 papers, with a median annual output of 18 papers per year; however, half of these authors published between 15-24 papers per year (range 5-200).	4
To unpack novelty, we use manual and computational techniques to code novelty claims made in essays written by authors of Citation Classics, distinguishing between new results, new theory, and new methods.	3
We explored the balance between societal benefits that negatively affect firms' financial performance by eroding their competitive advantage and positive effects that enhanced their reputations as technological leaders to study the effects of forward citations upon firms' financial performance.	1
CR(5), CR(10), CR(50), CR(5%), CR(10%), and CR(50%) were applied in this study to measure the citation and altmetric score concentration of books.	3
For RQ1, we calculated the normalized frequency of adjectives and adverbs since each abstract varied in length.	3
These results will be useful to aspiring pediatric surgeon-scientists and departments wishing to develop a robust research program.	5
The most cited article up to now is "How Business Schools lost their way" by Bennis, W.	4
The primary objective is to develop an unbiased evaluation of ranking algorithm to enable the early identification of significant green patents.	1
By specialized or diversified research, we mean within or beyond the author's dominant research topic.	1
Ying-Han Chang: Conceptualization, Methodology, Data curation, Formal analysis, Writing - original draft.	0
Datasets of these institutions' APC expenditure were then uploaded to FigShare, an online open access research archive, with a Creative Commons Attribution (CC-BY) licence.	3
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The three most frequent reasons for retraction were republication of valid publications (36.76%), unspecified reasons (26.91%), and publication of unpublishable work (17.07%).	4
Chairman Emeritus, Thomson ISI, 3501 Market Street, Philadelphia PA 19104, USA.	0
In both figures, the x-axis denotes the number of months before and after pagination month while the y-axis denotes the number of downloads.	0
This analysis of short videos about the h-index on YouTube demonstrated that, while many presenters make use of practices to balance cognitive load, they often lack critical discussions about the shortcomings of the indicator.	5
Here, let μ = 6 and λ1 + λ2 = 1.	0
The second database was the CORE listing of computer science conferences, where CORE is the Computing Research and Education Association of Australasia, an association of university departments of computer science in Australia and New Zealand.	2
Altmetrics were also not significantly correlated with citations (r = 0.148,P = .305) or IF (r = .145,P = .315) in 2016.	4
The analysis showed that RI and RE training is still non-obligatory in many European countries and that the most targeted population are Ph.D.	4
Received: 22 March 2020; Revised: 2 June 2020; Accepted: 22 July 2020	0
Here I use both the samples of RG members considered in Orduna-Malea et al.	2
On the other hand, when we examine the average number of citations per paper, i.e., Figure 8, researcher 83 has the highest level of research impact, significantly higher than researcher 61.	4
This provides a new perspective on the evaluation of a country's educational structure, which can speak volumes about its overall educational development.	0
These results suggest that reviewer scoring variability may be attributed to the interpretation of proposal risks, and could benefit from intervention to improve the reliability of reviews.	5
the prestige of institutions) were not that important.	4
Let us define x1, x2, x3, and x4 to be the number of citations, recommendations, full-text reads, and other reads, respectively.	3
1 Number of publications in pharmacology/pharmacy for the 11 countries 2001–2010	0
The results question the use of collaboration activities as a research performance indicator that is mainly based on the assumption that collaborations increase the quality of research per se.	5
It should be noted that the relationship between self-citations per paper and the number of authors per paper (the collaborative level) is a subtle one.	0
The most influential article investigated high-growth strategies in a group of women entrepreneurs in the industrial sector “beyond examining the relationship between gender and (personal) entrepreneurial characteristics” (Gundry & Welsch, 2001) with a descriptive approach, but without a theoretical framework.	4
The proposed method consists of three main steps: 1) Time-sliced co-word networks are generated, integrating with link prediction techniques to predict the dynamic evolution of networks in the future; 2) Machine learning algorithms are applied to get mass topological information, improving the prediction accuracy.	1
Based on this critical limitation of existing metrics, we created a new metric of scientific output, the zp-index, which remedies this issue by utilizing the journal quality rather than citation count in calculating an index of scientific output.	1
We adopted VOSviewer to analyze the co-authorship collaboration among the countries (Figure 2).	3
Data relating to the journals' business models were retrieved by searching the SHERPA/ROMEO [9] database which draws a distinction between the following journal categories: subscription-based journals, full OA and hybrid OA journals.	3
Presented study explores the knowledge domain of psychological research published in 2020 and 2021.	1
According to the website of Essential Science Indicators (https://clarivate.com/webofsciencegroup/solutions/essential-science-indicators/), highly cited papers refer to those ranked in the top 1% by citations for their category and year of publication.	3
Most importantly, this paper demonstrates that the distinction between genuine and pseudo-external hyperlinks is meaningful for journalism because pseudo-external hyperlinks less frequently present health-related information than genuine external hyperlinks.	5
To get further indications on how this development is looked upon by the professionals, a small-scale survey has been conducted, distributed to the Metrics list, an email listserv administered by the Bibliometrics Group (a forum for librarians working with or interested in bibliometrics at Swedish university libraries within the Forum for Head/University Librarians in the Association of Swedish Higher Education).	2
In this study, the documents belonging to the same ACM topic were defined as relevant documents.	2
Here, by combining information collected from the Nobel Prize official websites, laureates’ university websites, Wikipedia entries, publication and citation records from the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/project/microsoft-academic-graph/), and extensive manual curations, we constructed a unique dataset capturing career histories of nearly all Nobel laureates in physics, chemistry, and physiology or medicine from 1900 to 2016 (545 out of 590, 92.4%) [47].	2
The increase in productivity by those who acquire top scientist status is due precisely to the greater average impact of the publications achieved in collaboration with foreign colleagues.	4
Gray, Microsoft Corporation, San Francisco, CA, November 2, 2004 (received for review July 7, 2004)	0
Consequently, post-publication peer review venues, and more specifically the comments found on it, although not contributing to the scientific literature, are a mechanism for correcting science.	5
Bibliometric methods are employed to describe engagement with research synthesis methods across science fields over time.	3
We, therefore, recommend that literature surveys must be based on several databases; otherwise, the results might become biased.	5
Research Question 3: To what extent are particular individuals responsible for multiple retractions?	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
Our dataset contained 136,894 outputs: artistic productions and publications (journal articles and book publications: monographs, chapters and edited volumes), registered in the Polish national database in the period 2009–2016 (Table 3).	2
Overall, the Cuban scientific output in Cuban journals increased, both by space of publication available (journals) and by article production.	4
Of the cited journals, MIS Quarterly has been utilized mostly with other journals by the research included in the study sample.	4
Research Team on Sustainable Development, Wuhan University, Wuhan 430072, Hubei Province, China	0
Using Scopus, reference lists were searched for citations from seven identified predatory nursing journals.	3
We address this issue in the present study by using bibliometrics.	1
The communism and lottery scenarios differ only in the way each researcher gets the expected research funding.	4
Tweet counts for PubMed articles are based on a previous study by Thelwall et al.	2
Comparison between the IF and EF as well as the SJR yielded negative correlation (r= -0.012 and r= -0.037, respectively).	4
Sur l'ensemble du corpus de PubMed, le filtre par la catégorie A de SIGAPS est plus large que celui des Core Clinical Journals en sélectionnant 15,6 % du corpus de PubMed versus 8,6 % pour le CCJ.	4
In total, there were 236 disciplinary categories ranked by number of journals (JCR Year 2019 selected and both SCIE and SSCI edition ticked).	2
Data were collected from the WOS Expanded Science Citation Index (SCI) and Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) using a combination of keyword (supplement 1) and cited reference (supplement 2) searches.	2
The computation of all models was implemented using Stata 64/MP 10.1.	0
This study investigates the evolution patterns of scientific knowledge from a novel perspective.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
We train a deep 3D convolutional neural network (CNN) using video-level engagement data.	3
The factors for both periods were extracted by principal component analysis with oblique rotation (SPSS Direct OBLIMIN).	3
The average title length of RAs is longer than that of DDs, and more RA titles than DD titles have punctuation in all four disciplines, with no apparent difference in the punctuation variety across the two genres, except for CS titles.	4
This paper offers an overview of the bibliometric study of the domain of library and information science (LIS), with the aim of giving a multidisciplinary perspective of the topical boundaries and the main areas and research tendencies.	1
In conclusion, this article focused on the use of peer-reviewed video articles as a novel medium for communicating science.	5
Authors from the United States top both lists in the Country Tables 5 and 9.	4
The following is an alphabetical list of the 48 authors with more than 30 citations:	0
The results indicate that altmetrics and citations indicators show the impact of academic books from different dimensions, when we evaluate academic books in the future, it's significant to comprehensively use the altmetrics evaluation and citation evaluation.	5
The historiographical mapping of Balkan – Southeast European studies is dominated mainly by historians.	4
This work not only advances the field of sentiment analysis in academic citations but also underscores the importance of incorporating qualitative aspects in evaluating the impact and sentiments conveyed through citations.	5
The most frequently cited work was ‘Neuromarketing: the hope and hype of neuroimaging in business’ [52], a research study about the application of neuroimaging methods to product marketing with 332 citations and a total citation per year of 30.18.	4
Next, we provide the formal definition of the four acknowledgments-based networks that stand at the core of the method, and we test it on a humanities field, analytic philosophy.	3
Between March and July 2021 I conducted 14 interviews with senior leaders at the university from a pool of 20 leaders identified as having roles relevant to this project.	2
ECRs may use a wide range of platforms for sharing within the academic community, with ResearchGate being the most popular.	4
Therefore, in this study, we utilized the following harmonic algorithm to determines the proportion of scholars' contributions (Wi) across various publications:	3
(2016) proposed to rescale the PageRank score by comparing each paper’s score with the scores of papers of similar age.	3
A limitation of the present work is that it considers only Shodhganga as the data source.	5
In all model specifications, we observed that the second best predictor of article citations, after the Sci-Hub downloads, was the total number of figures in the paper (see Table 11 in the Appendix).	4
Specifically, we are interested in determining if there is a prominent trend in psychology that can be considered paradigmatic.	1
Of the 734 featured review articles that were indexed in the mathematics category on WOS, 122 were also highly cited.	4
The model that provided the most significant improvement over the baseline model (intercept plus author geography only) in predicting whether manuscripts were sent for review includes both language (English versus not English) and Human Development Index terms (Table 5a; Model 4).	4
The search of those 117,770 potential SNPRs resulted in the identification of 76,987 ISI-indexed papers, written by 138,712 institutional authors.	2
The majority of social science fields in CEE countries follow the same track of integration in global communication channels, although at a different pace.	5
We propose a measure by which Clarivate Analytics could correct the JIF, by reducing the citations for the corrected paper since the year in which it was corrected, and adjusting the journal’s JIF.	3
Now, in the case of each performance indicator and for each discipline, the recalibrated minimum values (RMVs) can be defined.	3
The funder played no role in any part of the design or execution of the study or in the preparation of the manuscript.	0
* This table shows the number of authors, addresses, citations, references, and subject categories listed in WoS and SciELO CI.	0
Second, the annual article volumes for the identified journals were collected by retrieving data available in major publication indexes or by manually visiting the web pages for individual journals.	3
First, scatter plots were created to depict the evolution of interdisciplinarity by TAs based on the total interdisciplinarity technological area (I(i)) and the total interdisciplinarity sector (Is(i)).	3
Bibliographical data were collected from four citation databases managed by the WoS?: Science Citation Index ExpandedTM (SCIE), Social Science Citation Index?	2
The systematic review was conducted independently by six reviewers.	3
The data collection process (see Table II) consisted of extracting the patent sample and the cited patent sample from the Derwent Innovation patent database.	2
First, I selected all the patent publications classified in CG until 1990— namely, the publications classified in the groups G06T11 (2D Image Generation), G06T13 (Animation), G06T15 (3D Image Ren- dering), G06T17 (3D Modeling for Computer Graphics), and G06T19 (Manipulating 3D Models or Images for Computer Graphics), which cover systems, devices, methods, com- puter architectures, and algorithms applied to image generation with computers.	2
The following query was used: SO = (SCIENTOMETRICS) AND PY = 1978–2010 AND Document Types = (Article OR Proceedings Paper).	0
Computer Science contributes one fifth and Business and Economics one sixth.	4
the fitted lines in panels B and C are steeper than the ones in panels A and D).	4
When examining the length of time publications needed to receive 10 citations, it is shown that the numbers for highly and lowly cited publications are 2.660 and 15.920 years, respectively.	4
The retrieval data were acquired on December 9, 2020, and a sample of 8635 published papers was obtained.	2
In sum, our work suggests that concerns about non-scientists not differentiating between preprints and peer-reviewed psychological literature are legitimate.	5
We thank the reviewers for their insightful comments that greatly improved our work.	0
The aim of this study was to analyze this phenomenon in the field of anesthesiology and related specialties (intensive care, critical and respiratory medicine, pain medicine, and emergency care).	1
The strongest paths in career development are those that link South America to the U.S. (n = 32), to Western Europe (n = 24), and especially to Spain (n = 31).	4
In total, 20,252,178 scientific articles were published in SCIE-cited journals from 2007 to 2014 worldwide; 6.7% were from ML (rank 2), 1.1% from TW (rank 17), 3.7% from JPN (rank 5), and 2.0% from IND (rank 11).	4
Nevertheless, citation counts and FFa scores were significantly different for two article types: “New finding” and “Changes clinical practice": FFa scores value the appropriateness of medical research for clinical practice and "New finding” articles are more highly cited.	4
This discrepancy arises because submission-to-publication data are not meant to account for the manuscript's potential rejections before acceptance.	5
However, low JIF of non-English journals cannot be fully equal to low quality or low impact.	5
'No academic reward'; and 'no monetary reward for the editorial staff' are both enormous challenges for OA journal publishing.	4
Somewhat ironically, our results suggest that the federal government co-sponsored the Exzellenzinitiative but then allocated its own direct funding in ways that buffered the effects of this initiative.	5
Author-level analysis suggests diminishing returns to repeat authorships.	4
The objective of this research is to analyze and underscore the key factors explored in the academic literature concerning ethics in trading and its impact on market fairness (Blunden, 2022; Klaw & Mayer, 2021; Overton et al., 2022, chap.	1
SPI-Hub includes approximately 24,000 currently active journal titles.	4
[11] (seventy-nine citations), followed by a paper authored by Hanson et al.	4
The data were analyzed using standard statistics functions in SPSS 24.	3
In this paper, Lot- ka's original data on author productivity in chemistry are reconsidered.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:305060 []	0
A key finding of our study is that events can be associated with specific knowledge processes: growing and merging events are associated with the creation of new knowledge; forming and splitting events with retaining in memory current knowledge; and splitting, shrinking, and dissolving events with the curation of knowledge as communities supporting irrelevant knowledge disband.	5
Percent GDP for R&D had significant statistical correlation with "total publications" (p=0.037), "usage” (p=0.000), “captures” (p=0.045), and "social medias” (p=0.048).	4
For instance, the AOM developed a group to foster research from and with African researchers, investing in not only marketing efforts but also travel funds to encourage higher visibility of African research.	0
It also shows that the agreements are most effective in regions where there is adequate funding, high research output and a willingness from institutions to engage collectively (through consortium agreements).	5
According to the AA of the scholars, scholars can be divided into three types: Beginning scholars (B), Junior scholars (J), and Senior scholars (S).	3
The bottom-up approach has proven its value; despite all their doubts about whether the quality of legal research can be measured, researchers recognize that a discussion about quality criteria and procedures can also encourage self-reflexion within the research community with regard to research methods and research objectives.	5
For the appraisal, we picked up the first studies published in 2013 with CC or CO study design from OA journals (n = 12), and in the same time period from non-OA journals, matched by impact factor value (n = 12); the first SR and MA published in 2013 from OA journals (n = 15), and in the same time period from non-OA journals, matched by impact factor value (n = 15)	2
Who should be the author(s) of an academic paper?	1
A total of 36% of these researchers are or were members of the Brazilian Society of Protozoology in the period between 2000-2015.	0
Date of publication 2 January 2023; date of current version 30 August 2023.	0
(2019), which includes the records of 874 prize-winning papers for 545 Nobel laureates between 1900 and 2016 in Chemistry, Physics, Physiology or Medicine.	2
We developed a registry to increase registration of studies, including those not possible to register on existing registries.	1
Our dataset comes from scholarly English language LIS journals.	2
Fourth, the correlations between reviewing and research activities are weak neither in general nor within research fields.	5
We show that academics with experience in government jobs generate spillovers for their early career colleagues.	1
The subject categories in question are mathematics (Mat), chemistry (Che), biology (Bio), and engineering (Eng).	4
In this study, we aim to bridge this gap by analyzing the peer review histories (PRH) to provide insights into the relationship between the reviewers' academic status and the language features (including the linguistic and emotional features) of their comments.	1
The sample was initially defined as the 200 most cited publications, concerning food and nutritional sciences, labelled as 'articles' according to a search in Scopus on 1 June 2018.	2
This additional metrics parameter reflects a number of written papers by individual authors and solves discrepancies between small and large author list publications.	5
3 ON and AD are Journal of the Serbian Chemical Society Sub-Editor and Journal of the Serbian Chemical Society Manager, respectively.	0
Based on the findings in this study, it is recommended among others that since a limited number ofresearch students have published academic papers, the practice should be further emphasized and research students should be encouraged to publish at least one paper before graduation.	5
This section will show detailed results of the methodology and final analysis of the knowledge map.	0
We found that there are causal relationships running from output research to GDP for only the UK, Japan, Italy and the US.	5
Research specialization contributes more to becoming highly cited than does publishing in premiere venues, while primacy in authorship order appears to matter more than collaboration.	5
Purpose - This study aims to address how the social structure of the hospitality management field has evolved from 1960 to 2016.	1
Although publications supported by any external funding are likely to be associated with a higher number of citations than those with no external funding support, the combinations of different types of funding do not provide evidence of the emergence of synergistic effects.	5
These findings highlight the eastward shift in the tides of global AI research, and the growing role of the Chinese capital as a hub connecting researchers across the globe.	5
The study sought to explore the underlying factors that influence research collaboration in Library and Information Science (LIS) schools in South Africa.	1
The journals considered belong to the Library and Information Sciences subject category, and they were chosen trying to cover different sizes, according to the number of papers published in the year 2018, and different impact factors.	2
China is a highly productive country in Asia as well as all over the world, followed by the USA, Japan, Germany, India and South Korea.	5
The bibliometric data are sourced from the Clarivate Web of Science.	2
Once the adjacency matrix of the bipartite network is built, we use the iterative algorithm proposed in Refs.	3
Jia Dan is at the Institute of Humanities and Social Sciences, Nanjing University of Science and Engineering.	0
As can be seen, the variations by SDS are slightly greater than those for the overall UDAs.	0
In such systems, the authors propose the budding of spin-off universities, staffed by the migration of top scientists from the entire public research system.	1
One might say that the use and assimilation of international theories happens, to a large degree, within this mediating and translating network.	5
Note: Keywords could appear in the title or abstract or as keywords of the article.	0
Specifically, to expand the literature focused on Open Science in the higher education sector regarding the level of Open Access policies implementation and its relationship with other dimensions of Open Government.	1
I model four different strategies for funding allocation, which are described below.	3
The most productive authors present important differences in terms of collaboration indicators: some show mean values for authors per paper that are ostensibly higher than the reference value for the field as a whole (mean 2.8 authors/paper, median 3).	4
Table 2 presents the results, which are similar for the two periods.	0
Ultimately, I propose that while publishing is an academic imperative, it can be transformational, ethical, democratic and accommodative of all those that it impacts.	5
Thus, the didactic mediation of ICT in sustainability is pertinent in the educational process, since it allows for the creation of virtual learning environments that facilitate emotional self-regulation, which has currently been affected, as evidenced in the analysis of information processing from the questionnaires.	5
The work is made available under the Creative Commons CC0 public domain dedication.	0
Table 1 Readability statistics for book chapters written by James Hartley from 1972–2000	0
Specifically, we focus on how authors are representing the methodological recommendations of ORM BP articles, and the extent to which authors follow the methodological recommendations in their work when they cite BP articles.	1
To display the cooperation structure between faculties, we suggest using a chord diagram (a technique commonly used in genetic engineering for genome data) and the information on co-authorship of publications.	3
The evaluation of research outputs in the form of journal articles is important to help with monitoring performance and to allocate funds.	1
Following Google's PageRank approach (Langville & Meyer, 2006; Page, Brin, Motwani, & Winograd, 1998), we define a new stochastic matrix P as follows: P = αΜ + (1-α)Α	3
The objective of the study was to perform a scientometric analysis of all materials chemistry research papers in the world.	1
The journal articles considered in this study were retrieved from Scopus, an online bibliographic database developed by Elsevier.	2
The Silhouette coefficient is used for clustering quality measurement.	3
However results also make clear that engagement in research partnerships is not just about improving the instrumental impact of social research, with a range of other benefits resulting from academic-industry collaborations.	5
Using this method may limit the generality of conclusions, nevertheless, this article believes the conclusions can apply to most universities, and are inapplicable only for those universities whose proportions of CPD are extremely high or low, like UW-Madison (CPD in chemistry near 98%) and Stanford (CPD in mathematics 0%).	0
Future research can further probe the role of book reviews within arts and humanities.	5
In this cross-sectional study, through a two-year period, all the advertisements installed in the study sites were collected and the content analysis was performed.	2
To determine whether the copublications affected the journal's IF, we created an adjusted IF by, first, subtracting the number of citations for the copublished review from the total number of citations (i.e., A) and subtracting the number of copublished reviews from the total number of published articles (i.e., B), A divided by B gives the adjusted IF, which was the IF that the journal would have achieved if it had not copublished the Cochrane review.	3
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
The open database and tool contain detailed information that can be used to search and explore topics related to biomedical science, and to analyze these topics within the context of funding, industrial application, clinical application, translational potential, and other features.	5
Articles in this journal are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.	0
The citation rate for conference proceedings is smaller than that for journal publications in general so that the citation rate for the fields (or the countries as we will see later) can only suffer from the inclusion of conference proceedings.	4
While there is certainly a debate over ranking methods, the increasing readership of the Revue is undoubtedly good news for the journal's editorial team and above all its contributors.	5
Two indicators are used as input variables: number of R&D work years (full-time equivalents (FTE)) and amount of purchasing power parity in US$ (PPP$) spent on R&D.	3
We identify a large but decreasing publication gap between men and women in JPR.	5
We identified and analyzed the 100 articles with the highest Altmetric Attention Scores (AASs).	2
It is considered to be among the most detrimental forms of scientific misconduct, which distorts the evidence on which future research is based (Amos 2014; Kannan and Gowri 2014).	5
Received August 1, 2011; revised March 2, 2012; accepted March 5, 2012	0
Growth of output from Vietnam was similar to the global growth of literature related to Industry 4.0 reported in previous studies (Kipper et al., 2020; Mariani & Borghi, 2019; Muhuri et al., 2019).	5
A case study on 17,445 articles published in 15 journals and conference proceedings on information science between 1 Jan 1996 and 31 Dec 2018 demonstrate the feasibility and reliability of the method.	4
In the interval in which the model shows a “standard” behavior—k ∈ [25, 75]—the best option is to send the paper to a journal that is in the position k ?	4
3 Theoretical example of the evolution of a discipline with scientific fission in different research fields over time	0
The analysis of the correlations between peer-review and bibliometric indicators has shown that the connection between these different academic activities is weak.	5
Roughly, this implies that the authors (of the selected paper) are much result oriented rather than the quality (impact related factors).	5
Four disciplines—criminology and criminal justice (CCJ), library and information science (LIS), public administration (PAD), and social work (SWK)—were selected for investigation.	2
We tested for differences using a 3 x 2 chi-square test.	3
In this article, the author used the Carnegie Classification framework for doctorate-granting universities and classified the library link location on their university websites to show that there was a correlation between placement of the library link and the research output of the university.	1
In contrast we model science as a contribution game in which spillovers differentially benefit contributors over non-contributors.	1
With apologies, the order of presentation flows such that we cannot address the RQs neatly in numerical order.	0
Received July 23, 1999; revised September 3, 1999; accepted September 9, 1999	0
However, it shows that newly proposed P-index is much simpler in computation than g but better than g-index.	4
We compare author rankings by these counting methods and explore whether interesting citation impact patterns of authors can be identified from these rankings.	3
The Kruskal-Wallis test was used to detect the differences among the seven countries.	3
The survey (see https://osf.io/27bkm/) was purpose-built, administered in English, and distributed using SurveyMonkey.	2
The results show that there is a weak correlation between citations and altmetrics indicators, suggesting that they reflect different aspects of books' impact and they are complementary in the academic evaluation.	4
Differently, for the disciplines, the partitions of the distributions show skewed patterns that are highly similar.	4
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
The faculty strength data for IISERs are obtained from their websites to generate a research output-faculty size plot.	2
This study, first, deploys science mapping techniques to provide a comprehensive analysis of the output, impact, and structure of the Colombian scientific elite, i.e., researchers awarded with the Alejandro ángel Escobar Foundation National Prize 1990–2020, known locally as the Colombian Nobel.	1
RQ1: Through clustering coefficient and density, what can be stated on the status of social sustainability in Vietnamese social scientists' communities?	1
The aim of the present paper is to analyze the evolution of Physical Therapy research through-out scientific literature published in Web of Science (WoS) and Scopus databases.	1
When we accessed the JCR database, there were 72 journals included in the orthopaedic literature section.	2
The article search was conducted in August 2017, within the core collection of the WoS, on the title, abstract, and keywords of all articles published between January 1, 1975 and July 31, 2017.	2
As for the presence of data, generally speaking, our results confirmed the results of previous studies that the presence of altmetric data is low (Fang et al., 2020a; Ortega, 2020).	5
Despite the fact that the journal impact factor (IF) varied between 23.425 for Eur Heart J and 15.211 for Circ Res with the other 2 journals in between, the median citation of their articles plus reviews (IF Median) was 10 for all 4 journals.	4
This survey definitely identifies culture as a factor assigning authorship.	5
The concept of tenure is central to North American higher education institutions.	0
Only the sums of ranks and the means for fields are reported here; Table 2 il- lustrates the manner in which these measure are obtained.	0
The second hot topic of the IS field emerged as social media.	4
Figure 1: Growth in the total number of documents published and the total number of citable documents published on medical research in South Africa during 1996–2010.	0
Not surprisingly one theme is Transaction cost theory, but also Internationalization, entry modes and strategic advantage and Capabilities, knowledge, RBV are the most prevalent, followed by Networks, alliances and cooperative arrangements.	4
RMS was implemented based on a highly modified derivative of the Multi-Modality & Multi-Resource Informatics (MIMI) framework [21,22].	3
In this section, we will define the penalty areas which form the basis for the development of the respective scientometric indices.	3
Our modified metric differs from the traditional IF in that it accounts for citations in articles from these 10 most-cited mathematics education journals and not for citations from articles included in the entire SSCI.	3
In the publishing market, however, it is the quality of publications rather than price that varies until reaching a point for a market equilibrium, and thus an academic equilibrium (Fig.	3
In the long run, it may not be valuable for an artistic researcher to follow the cynical principle “publish or perish.”	4
Our fieldwork was conducted at the two CNSs during the academic year 2010–2011, when each center had established a stable organizational infrastructure to support its interdisciplinary research, education, and outreach activity.	2
These journals were then evaluated against the five FOA principles.	3
H3: Self-competency was negatively associated with plagiarism and this relationship was statistically significant (β = -0.188, p< 0.001).	4
We assessed ethics requirements for graduate-level statistics training programs in the United States for the 2013- 2014 academic year using the websites of 88 universities, examining 103 biostatistics programs and 136 statistics degree programs.	1
Plan S focuses on a very narrow aspect of open science, which entails a much broader agenda than free access to the final research product.	5
The results show that the effect of habit was non-significant in an extended TPB framework where attitude was most important, followed by norms and perceived behavioural control in explaining intention to submit OA.	4
We revisit the construction of the discourse about research utility to question whether this has inadvertently squeezed the humanities out of definitions of which research is valuable, suggesting cases in which humanities research is useful.	1
Second, with the increasing of academic age, the degree centrality of scholars goes up accordingly, which means that senior scholars tend to have more collaborators.	4
The nearly six hundred different JCR journals cited by these seven policy journals were sorted into one of 12 academic categories.	3
Data triangulation occurred by collecting and comparing data from multiple sources, including meeting notes and team member reflections, to identify consistent themes and patterns.	3
Drawing upon prior research, we designate the ‘Financial Times 50' as the primary benchmark for top business journals due to its wide acceptance among peer-reviewed publications.	2
In this study, we adopted the indicators used by Haustein et al.	3
Together, these findings suggest that externals have a mixed effect on citation inequality; outsiders do sometimes fuel the rise of superstar papers, but they can also discover papers that have been relatively unpopular with insiders.	4
Received October 20, 2001; revised April 19, 2002; accepted May 28, 2002	0
Nicholas acknowledges the Division of Research and Faculty Development at Harvard Business School for financial support.	0
In the results (see Section 5) we have translated quotes from Dutch to English where relevant.	0
Information on funding sources, regional location, year of establishment, and faculty demographics was collected to better understand why faculty and programs differ in their h-Index.	2
ALGORITHM 2 shows the whole procedure of matching segments with the keyword distribution.	0
In all three periods, the survey of 18 leading journals conducted so far has shown particular prominence in the field of already established research fields, notwithstanding the generalized call for a transdisciplinary science of sustainability beyond the interdisciplinary and disciplinary science for sustainability (Spangenberg, 2011).	5
Science dissemination associations focus mainly on the promotion of public understanding of science and represent 22% of the universe (Table 2).	4
However, the domain-wise analytics shows that CCMB, Hyderabad (Biological domain); NCL, Pune (Chemical domain) and NPL, New Delhi (Physical domain) were high on contribution to CSIR as compared to other sample labs.	4
The average country that performs research in computer science is European, has English-speaking researchers, is highly developed and has a high income.	5
Names and specializations of all Nobel laureates in Physics from 1951 to 2000 were obtained from Nobelprize.org.	2
To create a comprehensive corpus of all publications within the field of evolutionary medicine, we started with (1) a list of individuals who self-identify as interested in evolutionary medicine, using The International Society for Evolution, Medicine, and Public Health (ISEMPH) global directory for interested scholars, clinicians, students, and community supporters (EvMed Network) Nesse (2018) and (2) contributing authors to two major textbooks on evolutionary medicine (Trevathan et al.	2
Results: The top six English-language occupational therapy journals in relation to JCR IF, EFS, AIS, SNIP, Citescore, SJR score, and SJR IIF were AJOT, AOTJ, POPT, CJOT, SJOT, and BJOT.	4
All keywords were separated into eight clusters for different research topic.	4
1 Institute for Biostatistics and Medical Informatics, University of Ljubljana, Ljubljana, Slovenia	0
Faculty with a rank of assistant professors and above [AOR (95% CI) 3.47(2.31, 5.21)], those who have a Ph.D.	4
All these studies build on prior real estate journal ranking and real estate research ranking studies that have a temporal context.	0
This model is characterized by the metaphor of “drizzling” whereby societal interaction is not something spectacular or event-based aimed at high visibility but happens in small quantities and in a cumulative manner on a continuous basis.	5
The United States accounted for 43.10% of the articles, 57.59% of the citations, and the highest H-index (64).	4
A Principal Coordinate Analysis (PCOA) was performed to check the (dis)similarity of information amongst the three databases (GS, WoS and Scopus), using the Jaccard distance (Legendre & Legendre, 1998).	3
To display citation impact of a seed journal, cited relations are generated from the 2013 version of the JCR of Thomson Reuters.	2
The papers were issued by 33 scientific journals (1) included in the ISI Subject Category of Engineering-Manufacturing (by WoS) and (2) covered by Scopus; Table 3 reports the list of these journals.	2
b College of Medicine and Health Sciences, United Arab Emirates University, Al Ain, United Arab Emirates	0
Similar to our previous work along this line [4], as a proxy for research ideas, we have considered an automatic discovery of topics from our data-set using Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA).	3
To estimate the hypothesized links between variables we used partial least squares path modeling, which is also known as PLS-SEM and it is an alternative to covariance-based SEM (CB-SEM) that experienced exponential growth in terms of its applications in highly ranked journals in business research since the release of free available SmartPLS 2 software in 2005 [96].	3
To establish a sample that was not geographically biased, the criterion for inclusion in the survey was dependent on the repository containing at least 100 entries in the subject disciplines of business, management and finance.	2
Median number of group members was 32 (range 6–91).	4
In a political milieu characterized by the relegation of expertise and veneration of non-truth, the significance of impact in the REF may be interpreted by academics as a sign of the further intensification of their struggle both for self-justification and self-determination.	5
Ellison (2013)'s dataset on economists at the top 50 US economics departments.	2
However, few studies exist concerning how distance factors have affected the international collaboration in AI research.	1
All content following this page was uploaded by Grazyna Bukowska on 25 October 2016.	0
Of our participants, 37.6% self-reported at least one plagiarism act.	4
To capture the internal structure of each philosophical dataset, we measured the similarity between the pairs of papers within each dataset by applying a technique that depends again on the analysis of cited references, namely bibliographic coupling (Kessler, 1963).	3
Acknowledgements Bahar Mehmani would like to thank Naomi Lee, senior executive editor of the Lancet for insightful discussion on the nature of the submission trend.	0
To investigate scientists' views on randomly allocated research grants an e-mail was send to 2,150 scientists who are qualified to apply for funding and affiliated with an university or extra-university research center in the German federal state of Lower Saxony.	2
The submitting university chooses both which researchers and which of their publications to submit.	0
The results show that scientific drivers, including Sicence_Div, Wdegree, and h-index, have positive effects on different types of personal brokerages (Tables 3, 4).	4
Received November 16, 2011; revised March 6, 2012; accepted March 7, 2012	0
Fortunately, scientific peers were not used to evaluate the process; but any estimate of the total expenditure of time must come to perhaps one more year of one scientist's work for each grant made.	0
Will the reference support patterns of articles published in journals with varying impact factors differ in any way?	1
This study has demonstrated and reconfirmed significant variation in how editors of peer reviewed academic journals view the subject of TR across disciplinary areas.	5
Impact: the effect or influence of one person, thing, or action, on another1; the power of making a strong, immediate impression2	0
This methodology for calculating the size of GS through cybermetric indicators has already been employed by Aguillo and Isidro (2012).	3
We applied a filter of three or more citation occasions in order to focus on the citing articles where the reference was most likely to be Central.	3
The results highlight increases in cross-disciplinary authorship collaborations from pre- to post-award years among the primary investigators and confirm that a majority of cross-disciplinary collaborations have resulted in publications with cross-disciplinary content that rank in the top third of their field.	4
Tonghui Lian is Associate Professor at the School of Management Engineering, Anhui Polytechnic University, Anhui, P.R.	0
The resulting dendrogram (Wessa, 2014) is shown in Figure 9, where the individual countries are represented by their top-level internet domains, e.g., RS (Republika Srpska) for Serbia.	3
For all interviews a qualitative content analysis was performed following the principles in Mayring (2015, 2019).	3
How do social connections, such as face-to-face communication, grant-sharing, and past coauthorship, affect the growth of the research collaboration network?	1
Nine categories of rejection reasons were identified: ineffective study question and/ or design (338; 92%); suboptimal data collection process (180; 49%); weak discussion and/or conclusions (139; 37%); unimportant or irrelevant topic to the journal's mission (137; 37%); weak data analysis and/or presentation of results (120; 33%); text difficult to follow, to understand (89; 24%); inadequate or incomplete introduction (67; 18%); other publishing considerations (42; 11%); and issues with scientific conduct (20; 5%).	4
We conducted a bibliometric assesssment about the literature on this subject in oder to identify some gaps concerning the ecological approaches, the kinds of organisms, disturbances, environments, and ecological zones studied, and to understand the factors influencing the citations and self-citations behaviours in this field.	1
Originally presented at the 7th International Conference on Webometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics (WIS) and 12th COLLNET Meeting, September 20–23, 2011, Istanbul Bilgi University, Istanbul, Turkey.	0
Percentages in figure do not add to 100%, because the 'Other' category is not reported in figure.	0
The 630 visiting scholars and postdoctoral researchers were thus taken as the research subjects of this paper.	2
While the position of professor is relatively stable compared with other academic subject positions, the historical perspective of this paper reveals certain changes in the position over time.	5
These results suggest that the work of Graham Teasdale, when taken together, has reverberated somewhat more through the neurosurgical literature than it has through the neurocritical care literature.	4
This suggests that the quality of finance journals following the premier three journals, as perceived by active finance scholars, is higher than what citation-based methods may appear to suggest.	5
Ceteris paribus, the publication of a cover article would appear to crowd out citations to previous articles by its authors.	5
A positive publication growth rate has been observed.	4
The IDRC Review of 1993, the 2007 OECD Review and the Ministerial Committee of 2012 agree on this continuity and the lock in of linear model thinking.	4
Considering scientists of different career ages, average R2 values for researchers having 20–36 years of experience were 0.99.	4
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Altogether 22 of the 24 examined journals worked with the hybrid model of open access publishing as shown in Table 1.	4
Almost half (34) the journals surveyed were included in the first quartile, thus revealing authors' preference for journals with a high IF.	4
In Roe et al. (2014), attention was confined to papers from a single country, but we were now able to identify the names of the authors from each of the countries in a multi-national paper because the WoS lists them with their addresses in the following format:	3
Determining how scientific achievements influence the subsequent process of knowledge creation is a fundamental step in order to build a unified ecosystem for studying the dynamics of innovation and competitiveness.	1
Therefore, we argue that obtaining the legitimacy in international academic community depends on the quality (i.e., high level) of group of scientific researchers, not on its scale.	5
For this reason, there is a constantly increasing demand for scientific assessment (Moed, 2017).	0
We identified all documents published between 2011 and 2015 in journals included in the Science Citation Index-Expanded categories' of Tropical Medicine, Infectious Diseases, Parasitology, and Pediatrics.	2
In 2018, these values were 0.31 and 0.78 for OA and SA journals, respectively.	4
The persistent development of blockbuster patents reflected positive contributions to firms' financial performance since this aspect of forward citations reflected evidence of relative competitive advantage in the patents that some firms possessed.	5
In the case of biology, the participants rated American studies higher (p<0.05) than Chinese studies on all three scales: Impact (MUSA=5.03, SDUSA=1.34 vs MChina=4.69, SDChina=1.32), Methodology (MUSA=4.97, SDUSA=1.31 vs MChina=4.66, SDChina=1.18), and Funding (MUSA=5.03, SDUSA=1.48 vs MChina=4.61, SD China=1.23).	4
A central finding is that public investment in science associated with policies facilitating the co-evolution of human capital formation and institutional capacity building can lead to a situation of brain gain.	5
Here I use data for about 600 rated researchers in the biological sciences to evaluate the extent to which outcomes of peer review correspond to bibliometric measures of research performance.	1
As in most earlier studies, the source of data consists of research articles in core international LIS journals (see Appendix A).	2
Figure 7 brings to the foreground the journals’ impact based on the h-index, a metric that proves the significance of a source by measuring the total count of published articles in the studied area, which register H-citations.	3
The data required for this study were extracted from what was, at the time of the study, the most recently available (2018) version of the WoS metadata housed at the Centre for Research on Evaluation, Science and Technology (CREST).	2
The respondents who were male and have a higher degree of PhD were likely to produce more papers in national and foreign journals.	4
The majority of corresponding authors believed that international collaboration can improve the quality of research.	4
Bibliometric data have been drawn from Science Citation Index EXPANDED (SCI-EXPANDED), the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) database and the 2017 Journal Citation Reports (JCR) Science Edition of Clarivate Analytics, on 20 April, 2017.	2
Our analysis of the Stapel case allowed us to approach empirically the definition of deviance within the scientific field and the connected issue of rules' diffusion and application.	3
These are just examples: the vectors X and Y can be interpreted in many more ways.	0
The results indicate that domestic co-authorships still decrease the quality of the research outcome, but that is no longer the case with international collaborations.	4
In particular, it can be seen that quality indicators such as citations and excellence rates are high for female authors.	4
Pinpointing the strong and weak points of scientific movements as well as identifying potential and actual capabilities of countries is a requirement of efficient and appropriate policy making in the field of research.	0
Our purpose for the current study is three-fold: to present detailed results of our findings; to guide future action items to address points for concern in the accompanying report; and to provide advice for others who wish to undertake such analyses.	1
Bibliographic data on the Hubrecht Institute's output for the period 1943–2008 come from publication lists on its website, and data for the earlier years can be found in other documents of the institute.	2
In this study, we addressed the statistical limitations of the impact factor and introduced corrections to create the cnlF.	5
These consequences, in turn, led prominent scientists in the country to publish their results abroad, reducing further the quality and reputation of the local journals.	0
The formal criteria together with the analysis of the citation patterns of the 53 journals under analysis all suggest they may be predatory journals.	5
At the heart of mega-authorship is the desire to give credit to people who contribute in some fashion to a work.	5
In total, 67.2% of papers involved international collaborations and 49.2% of these collaborations were with institutions in the UK or USA; 35.4% of the publications involved international funding and 71.2% of funders were located in the UK or USA.	4
A dataset of all AAS fellows (inclusive of 2022 fellows) was also extracted in early 2023 from a listing of all fellows awarded on the Academy website.	2
1 We treat the journal Isis as source material and quote from its publications by referring to the journal, the publication year of the volume, and the page numbers.	0
Table 4 Descriptive term summary per record in the four periods	0
A stepwise regression was conducted with number of citations as the dependent variable and year of publication, publication type, number of reads, and Altmetric score as independent variables.	3
The UK and German programs did not list their directors' names in the EUMS website and were thus not included in the European data.	2
It was led by a single, core question: What geographical inequalities structure global forest science and how do they align with the natural geographical distribution of forest areas?	1
We received 466 completed surveys from diabetes researchers.	2
The most common reason to retract was compromised peer review.	5
We also found that the US' and China's overall proportions of domestic papers on COVID-19 are higher than prior to the pandemic and more than non-COVID-19 papers during the same 2020 timeframe.	4
The general profile of countries in computer science research indicates that European countries, English-speaking countries, and those with high incomes are the ones that are more important in this field.	5
Intellectually, Spanish Communication research developed from some fundamentals structured around discourse analysis toward others dedicated to message analysis, especially from the perspective of framing.	5
This article's new GreedySummariser method outperforms traditional abstracting methods on test data on all synthetic metrics.	3
To compare the academic impact of qualitative studies to that of two quantitative studies: systematic reviews and randomized controlled trials.	1
We initially employed the python SequenceMatcher (difflib module), based on the “Gestalt Pattern Matching" algorithm [24], which determines a change ratio by iteratively aiming to find the longest contiguous matching subsequence given 2 pieces of text.	3
A two-dimensional strategic diagram is obtained by plotting each detected cluster.	3
Our analyses show that there is considerable variation in the disciplinary niches between and within megajournals, generalist conventional journals, and quasi-megajournals.	5
Most numbers of highly cited articles on rTMS for depression belonged to the United States (n = 26) followed by Australia (n = 7) and Germany (n = 7).	4
Bibliometric mapping is a quantitative approach that aimed at visualizing various bibliometric aspects of scientific publications, performed in the form of different networks.	3
Primary profile h-index median was 16 (interquartile range [IQR]: 8–34), combined profiles median was 20 (IQR: 11–36), and percent loss median was 17.3% (IQR: 3%–33%) (P < 0.001).	4
The overarching question this paper proposes is what are the common characteristics of highly cited educational technology research articles?	1
For further analysis, we completed Kendall's Tau correlations between citations and their respective journal impact factors.	3
It is the scholarly practice of supplying references for ideas and quotations in the form of footnotes and citations (Shapiro, 1985).	0
The method learns similarities between MeSH terms based on their co-occurrences among papers, using modern representation learning techniques.	3
Citation analyses of lists of articles and their citations can help librarians to quickly identify the preferred journals in terms of the number of publications, and the most frequently cited journals.	3
Table 1 shows that only 3.26% of the TFS publications received more than 200 citations, 9.72% more than 100 citations, 23.74% more than 50 citations, and half of the articles obtain more than 20 citations.	4
We examined drivers of article citations using 776 articles that were published from 1990 to 2012 in a broad-based and high-impact social sciences journal, The Leadership Quarterly.	1
The Nobel Prize is the most prestigious and renowned research prize for outstanding contributions in physics, physiology/medicine, literature, and peace, and it attracts wide-spread attention not only within but also outside the world of academia and science (www.nobelprize.org).	0
The survey used an ego-centric network design to explore respondents' professional relationships (Wasserman and Faust, 1994).	2
In particular, we investigate two types of heterogeneous treatment effect: (1) the differential treatment effect among journals grouped by academic field, publisher, and tier; and (2) differential treatment effects of Open Access as a function of propensity to be treated.	1
The Timespan ranges from January 1, 1997 to December 31, 2021.	2
The data of this study retrieved from Science Citation Index Expanded and downloaded online in November 2017, including all the papers with publication year from 2007-2016 were analyzed.	2
An initial increase in government research funding positively drives the quality of public knowledge production, but the effect turns negative when research funding is excessive.	4
The objective of this study was to use the H-classics method to identify classic articles in implantology, and to assess bibliometric characteristics, such as authorship, affiliation, collaboration, research scopes, evolving thematic trends and analyses associated factors, in the past four decades.	1
Figure 4 Word cloud for 20 topics of TRSAwardeeSet For TRSAwardeeSet, we use wordle to generate word cloud for top 20 words of each topic and then put all word clouds into one slide for visualization.	0
All-female and mixed-gender author teams publish significantly less compared with all-male author teams between 1980 and 1999, but we find no significant difference after 2000.	4
Figure 1 shows that the share of OA publications has increased by more than 100% between 2000 and 2017, reaching 31% at the end of the period.	4
Unlike previous studies regarding as a single indicator, the present paper covers various footprint indicators to investigate the overview of the environmental footprint family field using a bibliometric analysis.	1
Bibliometric analyses were used to identify journals that are representative of the authors' research institutes.	1
To encourage discussion about the potential role of metrics in research assessment.	1
The Topic Extraction Challenge Astro bibliometric dataset was obtained from Clarivate Analytics, the company which produces the Web of Science.	2
From comparing our RPYS-CO analyses, we can summarize that most peak papers are extracted by all explored variants.	4
The conceptual novelty and impactful novelty of a student's thesis is positively related to their likelihood of becoming both a research faculty member or continued researcher (all P < 0.001).	4
Yet, we did not find evidence suggesting that the number of prestigious awards received at an earlier age correlated with longevity.	4
To evaluate the results, we use the measures recall and precision.	3
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
It draws from a pilot exercise carried out in the framework of the Horizon 2020 Ri-Paths project.	2
The purpose was to develop a ranking of 25 KM/IC scholarly peer-reviewed journals.	2
In conclusion, the academic influence of Chinese OA journals is inferior to that of American OA journals exactly.	4
This procedure is subject to many potential errors in the identification of authors.	0
As James Surowiecki demonstrates in his book, “Wisdom of Crowds,” the crowd is often more accurate than the experts [17].	4
The results of the study show that conference papers are the fourth most cited materials in theses and dissertations after journal articles, books, and online sources.	4
The protocol for the AEC-RECS relations can be found at https://wits.worldbank.org/GPTAD/PDF/annexes/ AEC_protocols.pdf.	0
2b), demonstrating the heterogeneity in individual’s engagement in different subjects.	4
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
The frequency of patent citation to the scientific literature based on PATSTAT/Scopus is in the same order of magnitude as that based on Web of Science/USPTO, but slightly lower.	4
The JEI/JR index has a moderate correlation with the NE (0.696), JEI/ET (0.648), and JEI/BS (0.656) indices.	4
We began by co-clustering terms and documents (abstracts) from the NSF awards into 200 term clusters and 200 document clusters.	3
The authors consider this phenomenon to be the result of the small scope of research.	5
This reference resolution step identified 861 unique authors.	2
When comparing the average citation impact of research groups, universities and countries, field normalisation reduces the influence of discipline and time.	1
Bibliometric indices were compared based on Carnegie Basic Classification and between the NIH funding ranks 1-25 versus 26-50 using WOS bibliometric data.	3
We explore the intellectual link between management research and popularization media.	1
Presented at the Forty-seventh Annual Meeting of the Southern Association for Vascular Surgery, Rio Grande, Puerto Rico, January 18-21, 2023.	0
This article addresses these two different issues in a single paper since they can be addressed with the same recycled dataset and partly overlapping methods.	1
The purpose of this paper is to examine and critically evaluate the methodological approach underpinning the construction of university rankings which essentially involves calculating a composite index from an array of data (Usher and Medow 2009).	1
From the almost 670,000 records of BDTD, one applies statistical methods using the language R.	3
In this study, we first utilize the adaptive similarity fitting method, leveraging historical project data to construct an input-output fitting model.	1
(3) What articles have been most highly-cited as well as which authors, institutions, and countries have contributed the most in academic publishing?	1
From a policy perspective, these statements warrant attention, as they illustrate that the QPT, presumably contrary to its intentions, reinforced rich-get-richer effects in parts of the German higher education sector.	5
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tsep20	0
The Systematic Review (SR) Toolbox is an open online resource of tools to support the systematic review process.	1
We also measured Article lifespan as the number of years for which articles continue to be cited after publication.	3
The research work highlighted the need of a purposely built, publicly verifiable electronic data source for performance evaluation of the global HEIs.	5
Department of Neurology, Rutgers Robert Wood Johnson Medical School, New Brunswick, NJ, USA	0
Here, we investigate the role of faculty hiring networks, which embody the set of researcher transitions from doctoral to faculty institutions, in shaping the spread of ideas in computer science, and the importance of where in the network an idea originates.	1
Identify the archiving software for the African repositories.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—November 2010 2275	0
A few global commercial entities publish the majority of peer-reviewed radiology journals according to the subscription based model, and demonstrate similar scientific impact to their open access counterparts.	5
The linear relation between Read10 and Tori10/14 shows that downloads do, indeed, predict citations, which agrees with the Moed and Halevi (2015) critique of K05b.	4
The publishing productivity of Canadian geographers has increased notably over the past 30 years and there are the expected differences between research-intensive and undergraduate universities.	5
The hub and authority measures identified the most important research topics in e-health.	3
This study proposed measuring the early impact of tweet sentiments associated with research articles disseminated on Twitter.	5
As an alternative measure of reviewers' academic status, we compared the number of papers published in Nature Index journals both by the reviewers and by the last corresponding author, in the five years leading up to the review process.	3
Regarding the variable G (gender), of the total of 2,072 authors, 1,209 were men (58.3%) and 863 were women (41.7%).	4
Most papers described non-prospective clinical studies (38.1%), case reports or case series (11.1%) and narrative reviews (10.8%).	4
To prevent this, each unit must actively support and encourage research activity with their trainees.	5
The title feature that was most predictive of manuscript success: papers whose titles emphasize broader conceptual or comparative issues fare better both pre- and post-publication than do papers with organism-specific titles.	5
The question is surprisingly hard to answer when it involves human migration and mobility.	0
What is the evolution in the coverage of LIS literature in Mendeley compared to the evolution in the number of citations received in WoS?	1
The new criterion consists of choosing between granularity levels by comparing the performance of their target normalization procedures.	1
The values of correlations are similar across the three fields, which suggests that their relationships are consistent across these disciplines.	4
Human experts were invited to provide some websites to form our initial network which are listed in Table 1.	2
1035) of research and publication in higher education while it is actually subject to debate.	1
The analysis of the link between aspects of the reviewing process and citation was carried out on a small subset of the 199 papers, comprising 152 papers.	2
The poster below the table was produced by Olesya Mryglod, ICMP Lviv, to commemorate a benchmark in the collaboration.	0
Largeness tracing of scientists in various countries, as illustrated by the cumulative probability functions k(k) (a) for physics between 1990 and 2012, (b) for mathematics between 2002 and 2008 and (c) for economics between 1995 and 2012 as well as the relative contribution ratios Ro(k) for (d) physics, (e) mathematics and (f) economics.	0
The present paper fills this lacuna by providing a longitudinal analysis of the emergence and institutionalization of grant writing practices in academia: How has the perception of what constitutes a legitimate funding claim changed over time and why?	1
The classification given in Tables 6 and 7 reveals that global ranking systems largely rely on indicators that are related to academic publications and impact (62.3 %), research capabilities and funding (9.8 %), educational facilities and resources (9.5 %), faculty quality (7.4 %) and student profile (4.6 %).	4
Decadal comparison of Vibrio outbreak during the period showed significant variation in documents distribution (Kruskal-Wallis p = 0.00077).	4
One of the most important actions you can undertake in making your repository viable and successful is by positive and continuous promotion.	3
The steps of the clustering process are as follows (Anandarajan, Hill, and Nolan 2019; Gaitani et al.	0
With exploratory factor analysis, a new two-factor structure with 9 items was extracted, accounting for 62.718% of the variance.	4
Notably, the study underscores the critical importance of controlling for article age, as demonstrated by the significant correlational interactions between age and key bibliometric and altmetric measures.	4
Design Network and regression analysis of scientific collaboration, followed by simulation models based on alternative scenarios.	3
Dr Dorsey performed most of his work while at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania.	0
All original articles, case reports, technical notes, and reviews were included, while letters to the editor, retracted publications, retractions, editorials, congress papers, corrections, and training articles were excluded.	2
Firstly, which are the most frequently addressed topics among development journals?	1
The US, Italy, and the UK were the most productive countries.	4
His residency was interrupted when he enlisted in the US National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland from 1960 to 1962 where he conducted research on artificial blood substitutes that could be stored for a long time.	0
Collaboration plays a crucial role among the factors influencing research performance.	5
This paper investigates the correlation between interdisciplinarity of scientific research (variety, balance, disparity, and Rao-Stirling) and their technological impact.	1
1a) indicate skewed distribution of richness over 219 countries.	4
Conflict of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
The Departments of Defense (DoD), Energy (DoE), and Health and Human Services (HHS), and the National Science Foundation (NSF) have issued the most funding and hold rights to more patent records than any other agencies.	4
Hence, there seem to be disciplinary differences in the usefulness of Mendeley readership counts as impact indicators for conference papers, even between fields for which conferences are important.	5
Our hypotheses demand indicators of personality lacking in standard datasets of observable measures of productivity and impact, so we turned to a survey effort conducted in March 2017 called the Professional Activity in the Social Sciences (PASS) study.	2
The study identifies 71 unique journal titles from all degree programs and a core of 13 journals.	4
Furthermore (4), gender disparities in international research collaboration are clearly linked with age: they are the lowest and statistically insignificant for young scientists and the highest and statistically significant for the oldest scientists.	4
2013), thereby suggesting the pattern may be widespread.	4
Instead, reviewers assessed the soundness of manuscript, and for accepted manuscripts, these judgments are unrelated to citations.	4
To insure anonymity and focus solely on overall perspectives the researchers only collected career stage (early = 1–10 years, mid = 11–20 years, senior = 21+ years), gender, and academic program demographics.	0
The following procedure can be used to compare several journal rating schemes with different numbers of journal classes.	3
We identify a social network of researchers from a compilation of doctoral theses in communication and calculate the scientific production of 180 of the most active researchers who sit on doctoral committees.	2
The prediction is increasingly worse as the target year moves further into the future, particularly for researchers whose h at prediction time is within the range for which the equations are regarded as applicable.	4
Table 2 documents cohort sizes and publishing activity of German-speaking PhDs by year of graduation.	0
The goal of this study is thus to analyze “big data” of ST&I information resources in different languages and to obtain practical intelligence for research management.	1
First, qualitative data from articles and references were integrated into new interactive joint displays called Narrated Network Diagrams, creating opportunities to more accurately assess themes and meanings in literature by connecting structures in co-citation networks with relevant relational stories.	3
We selected two major Indian psychiatry journals, the Indian Journal of Psychiatry (IJP) and the Indian Journal of Psychological Medicine (IJPM); both of these are Scopus-indexed and included in PubMed Central and provide immediate open access to their content.	2
The three core databanks are respectively the databank of source literature, the databank of source authors and the databank of citation literature.	2
Address for correspondence: *Empirical Economic Sociology, University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, Findelgasse 7-9, 90402 Nuremberg, Germany; e-mail: peter.kriwy@wiso.uni-erlangen.de	0
Nous avons utilisé le corpus complet de PubMed comme référence, puis dix pathologies fréquentes en termes d'indexation dans PubMed, et les citations de quatre prix Nobel.	2
Are the publication practices of CS academics different from other academics?	1
HMR expenditure and PubMed publications were highly correlated; r = 0.982.	4
Thus, the answer to the initial question; “is there a fame bias in editorial choice?" is clearly Yes.	5
However, our findings suggest that all three types of journals may not have adequate safeguards in place to recognize and act on plagiarism or duplicate submissions.	5
Therefore, the following method based on the Leimkuhler model was employed for the verification of Bradford's Law of Scattering.	3
The results suggested that most linguistic characteristics played little role in article views and downloads in our data sets in general, but some linguistic characteristics (e.g.	4
Instead, co-citation clusters can more adequately be taken to represent communities of common (epistemic) interest.	4
The study investigates the process of creating evaluative homogeneity within a performance-based research funding system.	1
Network analysis is necessary to clarify the community structure and explain these relationships.	0
It is in this context that we have tried to computationally analyze the research output of the 39 Central Universities in India, particularly in light of the fact that they are one of the best funded institutions of their type.	1
Nevertheless, unlike the case for SCI articles, additional authors after the second have little effect in some disciplines, although they are advantageous in others.	5
Therefore, in this paper we chose not to distinguish between pure or applied graphene science, and use 'graphene' and 'single layer carbon' (a name used in the early years before 'graphene' became popular) as keywords to search the Web of Science (Web of Science, n.d.) to downloaded the bibliographic records of 135,617 journal publications related to graphene.	2
Running an algorithmic procedure on the Scopus database, we identify six “key development issues" and estimate that the subject category of "development” is approximately publishing 28% of the papers dealings with these issues within the Social Sciences.	4
This list of scientific disciplines was compared with the same list after excluding all articles with non-African collaborators.	3
For the citation analysis, the number of citations the institute's publications received each year was determined in Web of Science and Scopus.	3
by setting the damping factor to 0, the comparative test showed a lower number of iterations then the standard algorithm (figure 1).	4
A total of 6,819 publications have been retrieved, of which 5,482 articles have keywords.	2
To provide an overview of the criteria for assessing doctoral students' training schemes in China, we sampled 164 universities and examined their policies regarding doctoral student graduation from 2002 to 2019.	2
Finally, we remark the value of a byproduct of our work, of interest for the literature on the determinants of the impact of a publication: among the factors affecting the number of citations received by a publication, contrary to what claimed by other scholars, the number of authors in the byline seems to have no effect when considering other covariates associated to the byline itself, including the type of collaboration (international vs national; extramural vs intramural).	5
Downloaded by University of Pennsylvania Libraries At 07:56 25 June 2018 (PT)	0
Most notably, every report is different and must be approached as its own unique artifact.	5
Dissemination was broad with citations in the medical literature eclipsing nursing in the third generation.	4
*Dedicated to Dr Eugene Garfield, scientometricist par excellence, on his 75th birthday.	0
Randomization tests revealed that tweeted articles were downloaded 2.6-3.9 times more often than controls immediately after tweeting, and retained significantly higher Altmetric scores (+81%) and number of tweets (+105%) three years after tweeting.	4
In this study, instructional design is defined as the systematic development of instructional specifications, using learning and instructional theory derived from behavioural, cognitive and constructivist theories, in order to ensure the quality of instruction.	0
Altmetric scores were obtained by downloading the "Altmetric it" function from the Alt-metric.com website (https://www.altmetric.com/products/free-tools/bookmarklet/) and analysed by utilising the journal article page containing the doi reference number.	3
The literature selection is confined to the Scopus database starting from 1990, a year before the inception of the IJLM, thereby limiting its scope.	2
From these potential works, the authors selected Jane Austen's Persuasion, a title included on the department reading lists each year from 2011 to 2013, as the work to examine.	2
The data for this study were retrieved from the Web of Science on 28 September 2022.	2
The search process uses the keyword “Computers & Industrial Engineering” and was carried out between August and November 2016.	2
This bias can be a result of either the journal's practices or the decision of authors to send lesser-impact articles to the in-group journal.	5
Further, we only considered citations within the set of the 332 journals.	2
This implies that only about 1.16% of the words appear in IE literature.	0
The abbreviation “et al” should not be used in databases, nor, I suggest, in citation lists in journals, including this one—electronic publication relieves journals of the need to save space.	5
Given these noted shortcomings of currently available bibliometric indexes, the reverberation index (r-index) was created with the express purpose of assessing the impact of a particular component of the scientific process (citation, key word, or author) on either an individual field of study or providing a means of comparison of the impact on one field versus another.	5
A total of 154 universities comprises the dataset for the territory of Santander and 126 for Caldas.	2
From more than 621,493 scholars and 2,646,941 collaboration records in Physics and Computer Science, we discover several interesting academic-age-aware behaviors.	2
By linking theses scientific papers with funding sources, we found a large majority (90%) are public-funded and only a very small part are private-funded or public-private joint-funded.	4
This paper investigates the research contributions over a 26-year time frame (1985–2010) of academic institutions and individual authors to the field of operations management (OM).	1
We used glossary lookup method to calculate the diversity strength of education and technology in educational technology research titles.	3
Results are presented in graphs showing the development over time for the period 1996-2019 in absolute numbers and ratios.	3
Nonetheless, our principal objective with the present development was to provide users with a tool that would allow them to interact visually with all the information accessible through the SCImago Journal & Country Rank portal.	5
For all cases, frequency- and development-based distances are less than those for investment appeal; while crisp distances for the latter extend beyond 0.6, the former does not exceed 0.3.	4
The next highest ranking is 'Arts and Humanities' research at 27, followed by the remaining 18 fields.	4
All the single words in the title, have been statistically analysed, discarding prepositions such as “of” and “in” as they are meaningless for research analysis (Zhang et al., 2010).	3
As far as gender-related differences are concerned, our results indicate that even though both male and female inventors benefit significantly from such network properties as centrality and clustering, these properties' influence on the number of patents invented and the number of citations received is stronger for male inventors than for female inventors.	5
b This estimator is by default 0, since this call served as reference category	0
Ultimately, there is still room for improvement in order to standardize the requirements among faculties and thereby bring about a desirable increase in transparency in this qualification process.	5
For the journals listed under serial nos 7–9 in Table 1, close scrutiny is required to identify good journals from the not-so-good ones.	3
Although the implementation details are different for each of the six entities in Table 2, the basic steps used to design and conduct these comparative experiments are:	0
The north-eastern states and the Empowered-Action-Group states of India were the most under-represented for location of research.	4
Risk tolerance was not predictive of scores but reviewer scoring leniency was predictive of overall and criteria scores.	4
Up to 2016, the journal has published 2331 documents which decreases to 2037 if only considering articles, reviews and notes.	2
As a result, the use of publication marketing techniques increases citations from four in 2011 to 34 in 2013.	4
In order to do this, a qualitative content analysis/general inductive approach was used to analyse the transcripts (Thomas 2006).	3
Information about the 2-year IF (2018) of the journals, where the included articles were published, were acquired from the latest Journal Citation Reports (JCR), a product of the Clarivate Analytics (Clarivate Analytics, 2019).	2
Linear mixed-effect models were used to account for repeated measures between journals and authors.	3
Based on a national survey of Chinese scientific personnel in 2008, this paper sheds new light on the relationship between social networks and scientific performance.	1
A total of 55 journals were included; 6 (11%) were Gold OA (access to readers and large charge for authors), 2 (3.6%) were subscription (charge for readers and small/ no charge for authors), 4 (7.3%) were delayed OA (reader access with no charge after embargo), and 43 (78%) were hybrid (author's choice).	4
Journals with higher impact factors had more articles with co-first and co-senior authors compared with lower impact factor journals (P < .05 for both co-first and co-senior; Table 5).	4
In this article, we examine the evolution of the term “predatory publisher" in English, while also briefly considering how this term has been adapted into French and Spanish.	1
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
The relative delta of the citation impact of tweeted over non-tweeted papers ranged from between 16.1% (Chemistry) to 78.5% (Humanities) at the journal level.	4
Only 7 out of 655 board members (1.1%) were first, last or single authors of an extremely highly-cited paper.	4
Editors use these criteria to rate each review from 1 to 5 with the following definitions:	0
This article evaluates the relevance of quantitative factors in explaining the assessed quality of the research environment.	1
Se concluye que las palabras más frecuentes evidencian que hay una preocupación por el estudio de la minería, la biodiversidad, el cambio climático, el bosque tropical, el océano pacífico, entre otros.	5
It is noteworthy that this pattern occurred in both the heavily male-dominated engineering and physical sciences group as well as other program groups not dominated by men, including the natural and biological sciences, humanities and creative arts, and social sciences and applied health.	4
We use VOSviewer and Gephi software for our mapping analyses (Bastian et al., 2009; van Eck and Waltman, 2017).	3
Percentage of documents in last years (PDLY) is a relative indicator that represents the percentage of the ADY relative to the total number of documents for a specific topic.	3
For all the inventors on each patent, we collected publica- tion data from the Web of Science, for a time range starting two years before the focal patent's priority year, and ending 2 years after.	2
A comprehensive analysis of the factors contributing to academic misconduct is performed, with the aim of providing insights for the formulation of policies to enhance research integrity.	1
This paper explores the trends, patterns and determinants of research productivity at the Technical University of Kenya (TU-K).	1
The majority of the invitees did not reply to the invitation whatsoever.	4
a few key institutions, including Univ Sussex, KHBO, Katholieke Univ Leuven, Hungarian Acad Sci, and Leiden Univ, have a high centrality and betweenness, acting as gatekeepers in the collaboration network;	4
The authors used grants data from the NIH covering the period 1990 through 2016 and compared success in receipt of R01 equivalent awards (R01 Eq.) and Research Project Grants (RPGs) for K awardees and K applicants who did not receive funding.	2
It is further recommended that the ORD should also double its efforts and promote the IR on campus.	5
First, overall output growth matches developments internationally in developmental biology and stem cell research, and, in line with this, journal article output increasingly dominates the institute's activity profile.	4
Model 2 and all subsequent models show that basicness has no effect on the size of international networks, but it is positively associated with the propensity for a scientist to have at least one international collaboration partner, hence confirming Hypothesis 1.	4
Specifically, departmental research success is calculated as the change in the share of total weighted US economics Department publications (i.e.1/n and quality index) measured between the first year (t = 0) of the Chair's appointment and the subsequent observed year t, where research output in any specific year t is measured by a 3-yr moving average in years t-1, t, and t + 1.	3
Patterns of engagement with the books were cross-referenced against key marketing and dissemination events in order to identify relationships between marketing approaches and awareness or use of a title.	3
Finally, the “crown indicator" shows that all the schools, in almost every period, were above 1 showing they are performing better than the field average.	4
Our approach focuses on the connection between the place of education and employment, identifying graduates and their countries of employment through profiles on ORCID.	1
The absence of any publication and research output from several training institutes is a matter of concern.	5
Articles from academic-practitioner collaboration were cited earlier than articles from practitioner-practitioner and academic-academic collaborations.	4
The negligible correlations found between bibliometric and WeChat indicators confirmed once again the existence of two fundamentally differentiated dimensions of indicators.	5
This study provides the first systematic analysis and benchmarking of anaesthesia grant activity in the UK.	5
There were altogether 33 journals included: Lancet (n = 18), New England Journal of Medicine (n = 17), Gastroenterology (n = 8), Cancer Research (n = 5), Nature (n = 5), Science (n = 5), Gut (n = 4), American Journal of Surgical Pathology (n = 3), and others (n = 35).	4
Here, we present another strategy to discover the most important papers of a research field.	1
Our findings support that of DuBios et al.	5
To prevent heavily and incomprehensibly populated networks, the inclusion was limited to the top 30 publishing authors for each nation and nations with production of more than 100 included articles in the reference period.	2
Multi-platform social media studies acknowledge these limitations and present an alternative stance.	5
Our 170 examples comprise 50 books with the top counts in our sample and 120 books with high, middling, or low counts in the 10 main Dewey classes in two time periods.	2
The predominant methods used by EPP's authors are mixed methods and secondary data.	5
TFIDF is calculated using Formula (4): TFIDF = TF × IDF = tft × lg(m/mt + ?)	3
Then, misbehaviour was classified as misconduct, suspicion of misconduct or no misconduct suspicion.	3
The bootstrap rolling-window causality tests show that during the sub-periods of 2003–2005 and 2009, GDP Granger caused research output; while in 2010, the causality ran in the opposite direction.	4
*** p < .001, ** p < .01, * p < .05, ?	0
Our keyword analysis was conducted on both the NACP database and the bibliographic data by importing the author, title and abstract information from both articles and projects into a text analysis software.	3
This paper investigates research quality criteria in the Creative Arts (CA).	1
It has the ability to search PubMed [2], ORCID [8], Google Scholar [9], and Crossref [10], given a list of authors and/or author IDs.	2
First, output rates (output production per artist-academic in an evaluation period) were calculated for each output type: artistic output, publications (all), articles, scholarly books (including edited volumes and chapters) using the formula:	3
This increased researcher mobility should be viewed by institutional boards as meritorious in the pursuit of scientific discovery.	5
This study benchmarks the KSA's research performance against countries with similar income, culture, or geographical proximity.	3
"When I use a word" Humpty-Dumpty said in rather a scornful tone "It means just what I choose it to mean - neither more nor less".	0
The co-occurrence methodology was used to associate different disciplines (i.e.	3
Finally we suggest that it is incumbent upon academics themselves, who have the training and expert knowledge, to turn their methodologies on the scientific process itself in order to produce evidence to influence the powers that be.	5
The negative correlation is found in the case of h-index, g-index, and hg-index with the a-index.	5
Since the dependent variable of interest is the number of cites per published article, a count data regression model seems to be an appropriate choice.	3
In terms of research, the award-winning articles have contributed tremendously to expand the knowledge base by integrating knowledge across various disciplines such as management, economics, psychology, education, and other closely related disciplines.	5
With regard to the second group of indicators, the results of the proportion tests for comparing the genders' success (see Table 5) showed no significant difference between the proportion of success of female and male authors in other words, both genders were similarly successful in terms of receiving social mentions in blogs, news, Facebook, or LinkedIn.	4
Overall, 62 (25.5%) degree programs required an ethics course for at least some of their students.	4
After constructing temporal co-authorship networks, we identify seven different events affecting communities of researchers, which we label: forming, growing, splitting, shrinking, continuing, merging, dissolving.	3
We explain how to determine automatically the e-mail address of the corresponding author in a Web of Science record.	3
In the analysis, we followed a grounded theory approach (Glaser and Strauss 1967).	3
The h-index is an objective value that qualitatively and quantitatively assesses the scientific productivity of an academician.	5
For this poster, the three Chinese history source journals are the Bulletin of the Institute of History and Philology Academia Sinica (ISSN 1012-4195), Bulletin of the Institute of Modern History Academia Sinica (ISSN 1029-4740), and Historical Inquiry (ISSN 1012-8514).	2
In this study, we analyze research outputs and citations with the HistCite software to understand the publication pattern of monsoon research outputs at the global level to provide an accurate overview of scientific output over time and to develop future strategies for research in this area.	1
The well-known Matthew effect in science (Merton 1968) might make it easier for already well-financed principal investigators to find funding agencies who accept their risky projects.	5
The whole dataset contains 150 million papers with multiple auxiliary information, such as the date of publication, title, author, keywords, reference, Field Of Study, and affiliations.	2
The list we use to trace the fame trajectories of 5600 eminent scientists, originally developed by Bohannon (2011), is based on number of appearances in Google Books, whose measurement is facilitated by the new field of culturomics, which quantitatively explores massive data sets on digitized culture (Michel et al.	2
The data exported from these databases will serve as raw material to feed the Smart Bibliometrics system.	2
The highest number of mentions (985,429/1,022,975, 96.3%) were found on Twitter, making it the most frequently used social media platform.	4
Thus, linking our findings to the theory of cumulative advantage and disadvantage (Merton, 1968) suggests that the retraction of a fraudulent paper might initiate a negative trend that can be difficult to reverse for some researchers, leading many of them, mostly the least experienced ones, to abandon the field entirely.	5
That said, all the highlighted observations have a crucial caveat: there is no certainty that these nations will not witness the spread of the COVID-19 virus from time to time (BBC, 20 May 2021).	0
Information about the total amount of external funding granted per year was obtained from the finance department at the university.	2
From the application point of view, this article introduces the framework of the Chinese Social Science Citation Index (CSSCI).	1
In order to analyze the "degree" of intellectual influence, we calculated "citation frequency" as the dependent variable given the assumption that the number of citations that a given publication receives reflects that publication's impact on further research and its academic importance.	3
To obtain this co-occurrence matrix for institutional collaboration, a publication matrix (article x institution) was created.	3
In this study, we analyze the limitations of the proxy in academic career studies, using as an example the entire population of Polish academic scientists and scholars visible in the last decade in global science and holding at least a PhD (N=20,569).	1
We aimed to systematically review the history of the field's development, its thematic foci and temporal research trends.	1
Considering several years have elapsed since the last relevant analyses were conducted (i.e., 2008), this paper provides an updated assessment for the period between 2000 and 2016.	1
Mendeley was the only attention source that correlated with the number of citations (rs = 0.486, P < .001).	4
Repeating the analysis for all 200 of the SDSs under observation we observe that in 27 of these there are no TSs over the five years examined (Table 6).	4
The organization is a partner of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) and also works with Portico and the LOCKSS initiative for digital archive preservation.	0
We thus incorporate WoS proceedings citation datasets to enrich coverage beyond journals.	2
Therefore, we propose using the IOF (input-output factor) defined by Sjo = 1 ?	3
Cardiac surgery and neurosurgery are productive, whereas vascular surgery and plastic surgery are less productive than other surgical disciplines.	5
Section 5 summarizes the original contributions of the paper, highlighting the relevant implications, limitations and suggestions for future research.	0
Psychology academics employed at these universities in mid-January 2020 were identified through lists located online for each psychology school, department, or discipline.	2
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.	0
AHP is a very powerful multi-criteria approach and it also shows g-index to be a more important factor, whereas h-index is the least important but frequently used approach.	4
For academic productivity, the following indicators were adopted as proxies: a) quantity and quality of published papers per author per year, b) number of books published per author per year, c) number of other technical works produced per faculty per year (conferences), and d) number of master's and PhD advisees per faculty per year.	2
To investigate the significance of the research productivity, we compared the average of publication/year between the two disciplines using the statistical unpaired/two-tailed t-test to determine if there was a significant difference between the two group means.	3
The purpose of this paper is to reveal the limitations of h-index in assessing research performance through citation analysis and suggest two new indexes called prime index (P-index) and value added index (V-index), which are simpler to compute than g-index and more informative.	1
To identify DPH-relevant articles, a search strategy with words about oral health and public health was applied to each group of journals.	3
Note: The values in bold indicate evidence for a relationship based on a Bonferroni-corrected p-value (p >.207, p < .005).	0
The survey questionnaire was distributed to librarians from June through July 2018.	2
We apply fuzzy set Qualitative Comparative Analysis (fsQCA) (Ragin 2009).	3
RQ3: How can coauthorship representation and machine learning methods be combined to develop coauthorship prediction models?	1
The success-index s(x) = h (the h-index or Hirsch-index) if and only if x = h.	4
To solve this problem, we propose a bibliographic network embedding method that can learn characteristics of institutes, not only of each scholar.	1
The present data reveals that some Arab countries contribute significantly to the field of infectious diseases.	5
The results indicate a clear pattern, with more senior scholars having higher indices across all of the metrics.	4
This study contributes to expanding the existing knowledge on the relationships among usage counts, Mendeley readership, and citations in journal and conference papers, providing new insights into the relationship between the three metrics through mediation analysis.	5
Conflict of interest The authors have no conflicts of interest to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
The results were visualized using the Altmetric donut, which is a multicolored circle that displays the relative contributions of all sources.	3
WTEC has conducted over 80 international technology assessment studies since 1989 on behalf of the NSF and other U.S. government agencies, each focused on a field of science or engineering.	3
The models presented here are an important step towards a quantitative understanding of the role of the humoral immune response in reducing host infectivity and the epidemic spread of WNV.	5
In addition, considering the year when the TYTS scientists recruited may be different, a multi-period DID estimation with a fixed effect was used for analysis (Callaway and Sant’Anna 2020).	3
Request for a participant's CV was made during an interview if the participant admitted his/her webpage information was not up-to-date.	0
The discussion of the consequences of the changes of the funding system for the conduct of research in the Danish public sector is beyond the scope of this study (see e.g.	5
Hormio's work was supported by the Finnish Cultural Foundation under Grant number [00190342] and Reijula's work by the Research Council of Finland under Grant number [332686].	0
The objective is to assist scientometricians in better analyzing co-authorship networks and selecting the most suitable similarity index for their studies.	1
We present the findings in the fourth section and discuss them in the fifth section.	0
The journals are ordered by the Rank according to descending C/Cobs values of 1997.	0
Combined with expert opinions and reports of IODP, the explanations of research focus of each cluster are listed in Table 6.	0
Combining queries 1 and 4 retrieved all Australian genetic and biotechnology publications.	0
The analysis period was set from 1983 to 2014, which yielded 31 time-slices.	3
SCs) (Small and Griffith, 1974; Hu and Zhang, 2017a) to identify underlying collaborative structures and patterns.	3
The interleaving of the Colombian scientific elite and Nobel Prize laureates—particularly between the 3rd and 2nd quartiles— enabled a more nuanced analysis of the local impact in the global scientific landscape.	4
The paper concludes with several promising opportunities for future research.	5
The percentage of female authors increases slightly to 11.3%, but the number of unclassified names has been reduced to 1.1%.	4
Guidelines and recommendations on TAK, despite comprising only one-eighth of the top-cited papers, received the highest average citations.	5
Not surprisingly, Citation Count is the most sensitive to added citations and WCCMR is the most insensitive, while WCCSVR, WCC-GraLap, and Tri-Rank are in the middle.	4
Furthermore we are unable to determine the denominator to assess the rate of retraction.	0
What benefits are derived from using institutional repositories in Nigerian universities?	1
In other words, it is not only small teams that can disrupt science and technology; large teams with greater inter-organizational diversity also have ample potential to obtain disruptive achievement.	5
The geographic distribution of research matches three groups of countries: countries without natural populations of onychophorans; countries with a diverse fauna of onychophorans and large scientific resources; and countries with populations but scarce scientific funding.	5
The aforementioned query obtained a total of 143 HCPs published in 48 journals contributed by 352 authors of 226 institutions.	2
Second, researcher performance decreases when disciplinary diversity exceeds a certain level.	5
This paper investigates the impact of publication pressure on the ethics and the scientific integrity in the domain of mathematics and of the arts.	1
No benefits in any form have been received or will be received from a commercial party related directly or indirectly to the subject of this article.	0
While the majority of academic libraries do not currently have many supports in place to help researchers acquire scholarly publishing literacy skills, they do have considerable experience with open access and can build on this foundation to eventually offer more robust support for scholarly publishing literacy.	5
Additionally, the papers were fractionally counted: fractional counting means attribution of each address to a paper proportional to the number of addresses provided in the byline of the article.	3
The current study is entirely based on publications indexed in Scopus, which is the preferred database to apply bibliometric analysis methods due to its comprehensiveness and consistent inclusion criteria over a long time period (Brinjikji et al.	2
But still, much of the fear and anxiety over e-theses is ill-founded.	5
This study is the tip of the iceberg and many further research questions can be asked.	0
Policy documents put forward a broad notion of impact, but scientists perceive them as focusing too narrowly on commercial impacts.	4
In total, 474,011 out of the 744,583 arXiv e-prints (63.7%) were matched with a WoS-indexed journal article, note, or review.	3
Keywords (authors' keywords and 'keywords plus') from the manuscripts were examined through co-occurrence analysis in order to establish the conceptual structure of active learning.	3
It was found that the dominant source of federal statistics was the National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS), followed by the Census Bureau, and then the Bureau of Labor Statistics.	4
The most common article subtype was the clinical case series (48%).	4
This strategy lets publishers extract more revenues by spreading the symbolic capital of the parent publication across the family of derivatives.	5
The total records of papers from the WOS database, including publication year, title, authors’ names, affiliations, nationalities, abstracts and key words, journal names, etc., were saved in Txt format and opened by Excel 2019.	2
Hilmer is associate professor in the Department of Economics, San Diego State University.	0
We do not include in this step journals familiar to 20% or more in the Garand and Giles study but central to another discipline, that is, American Economic Review, American Sociological Review, and American Journal of Sociology.	0
It has been shown that small changes aside, the post-1994 innovation system demonstrates institutional continuity with its predecessor.	4
It can be noticed that the selection of papers by the CP follows the curve behavior of the total number of papers.	4
The Qualtrics Research Suite was used to distribute the questionnaire.	3
Our study opens up many possible avenues for further research, for example, a series of qualitative studies based on interviews and surveys to examine identified reverse flips more closely and answer the following questions: What are viable alternatives to reverse flips?	5
Table 1 Examples of each rank of context for new addresses	0
Observational study design was predominant—implying that inclusion among citation classics is not related to soundness of study design.	5
The sum of the impact factors for papers in each grant was divided by $100,000 to calculate the final grant impact.	3
We also notice that a few papers received many readerships in Mendeley but few journal citations.	4
News and World Reports (USNWR; 2012) website www.usnews.com/education.	2
How does research funding affect citations of papers in different disciplines?	1
With respect to each of the three literatures, three distinct clusters of keywords were identifiable.	4
To illustrate how just adding or removing one author impacts on the final result in terms of paper selection and aggregation, we consider two subsets of authors: R1 = {1,2,3,4,5,6,7} and R2 = {1,2,3,4,5,6,7,X}.	2
Finally, the area of Chemometrics, which is about fifty years old, is mature, with numbers of publications and training of human resources, but it is noted that a plateau has not been reached in these two numbers, because the critical mass of researchers working in the area is still increasing.	5
Experiments carried out with a publicly available data set AAN show that the proposed ranking algorithm, WCCMR, outperforms other baseline algorithms including MutualRank, Tri-rank, and GraLap.	5
Table 4 shows that the Annals of Tourism Research is the most cited journal, followed by the journal of Marketing and Tourism Management.	4
A simple rank correlation of the 10 measures underpinning The Complete University Guide (2018) illustrates the difficulties of deriving a consistent picture of performance from 10 potentially disparate measures (see Table 2).	2
Our findings also suggest that productivity in the immediate past is a much better predictor of future productivity than academic age.	5
Physical activity and aging research has burgeoned in the past few decades.	1
This study visualizes the structural changes, hotspots and emerging trends in AI studies.	1
On balance, it would seem wiser for Chinese publishers to find an efficient pattern for publishing scholarly works, one that depends on satisfying the real market demand – and then sharpening their own competitiveness.	5
Fractional and Collab CNCI almost always produced a lower indicator value than Standard CNCI.	5
All six CAS laboratories show an accompanying improvement in the quality parameters as reflected in the change in the composite quality parameter q2 over time.	4
For a subset of journals, individual articles were sampled in order to study the country affiliation of authors and the publication delays.	3
The SMAs were then classified into three categories based on the combination of population size and population density in 2016: the first group (urban), second group (intermediate), and third group (rural).	3
Concurrently, the statutes of 262 associations (those available online) were also collected and sub- jected to content analysis, in order to provide information on aims, internal structure and functioning.	2
The optimal set S°pt = {3, 2, 1, 4} of the submitted manuscripts to allocate on consists of all the papers for which the expected revenue rates E[rk] are bigger than those in the row of the reserve rates R(S).	4
The study contributes to the understanding of how researchers' scholarly impact might evolve in a broad context of the corresponding research community.	5
The current study, which was funded by a grant from the Andrew W.	1
Based on observed data and applied model, it is anticipated that the total number of Iranian and Turkish parasitologists' publications in Web of Science will exceed of 2512 and 240 articles per annum for Iranian and Turkish in 2020, respectively.	5
The first is an ordinary least squares (OLS) regression.	3
The findings also underscore the dual role of big-science infrastructures in fostering international research collaboration while simultaneously enhancing nations' domestic scientific development and competitiveness.	5
The social media impact of preprints was analyzed using the altmetric score.	3
The First Law of Funding is based on regression, and the Second Law is based on applied math modeling of the publication process.	3
With an analysis of topic evolution, we divide the diffusion process into five stages: testing and evaluation, implementation, improvement, extending, and fading.	4
We used VOSviewer 1.6.15 (Leiden university, Leiden, Netherlands)to illustrate author collaboration networks with network visualization maps composed of nodes and links based on the ris file type (file type (3–4).	3
The dataset was drawn from the Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science database hosted and managed by the Observatoire des Sciences et des Technologies at the University of Montreal.	2
The period 1976-2022 was covered by the search.	2
To evaluate the extent to which the journals support publication standards, a checklist consisting of 17 questions and 76 sub questions was developed.	3
The majority of comments addressed argument quality (56%) or research design/methods/data (51%).	4
Our study revealed that 9 document types were published in JAN in the past 40 years, with where there were 8,670 information sources (articles).	2
A formula can be used to calculate the number of semicolons in the author field, then add one (since the last author would not have one) to get the total number of authors.	3
In this study, we focus mainly on the links between publication delays, number of published articles per year, average paper length and JIF and explore the mechanisms of journal ranking levels according to these variables.	1
This software helps in mapping the bibliographic coupling, co-citation, and co-occurrence.	3
The dataset was sourced from the Web of Science Core Collection database to ensure the highest level of reliability and encompass all available attributes.	2
Data were imported into Rstudio running R (version 3.3.1) and Stata version 14.2 software (StataCorp, College Station, TX, USA) from Microsoft Excel files.	0
The same three techniques were deployed by this researcher to clean the data, and to make it suitable for drawing reliable inferences.	0
Note: aPercentage of weighted number of papers in all publications excluding which were only authored by U.S.	0
We then use this additive index as the dependent variable in an Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regression showing the causal impact of the three factors previously discussed.	3
In this paper, the impact of the Bologna reform is analyzed based on differences in scientific publication performance among the Ph.D.	1
Faculty-level OREF grants appear to achieve their purpose of identifying and supporting researchers who aim to secure subsequent federal funding.	5
In functional terms, observed internal meetings seem to (a) ensure that the research team focuses on a specific research agenda by talking about and discussing ongoing research in the lab, (b) be used to discuss and assure the quality of the team's research output, and (c) generate and inspire new research within the team.	1
This exercise resulted in the identification of 1442 pieces of work.	2
To offer some preliminary data on this question I surveyed three groups of scholars about their experiences attempting to replicate statistical studies; these groups were students from my PhD methods class, students from Gary King's PhD methods class, and subscribers to the Political Methodology listserve.	3
As a function of the total number of errors detected (N=755)	0
Co-word analysis is based on the assumption that an article's keywords provide an adequate description of the article's contents (Wang, Li, Li, & Li, 2012).	3
An RAE score of 4 implies research activity in the Department of national and international excellence.	0
In spite of the LiOS user-interface not being very friendly, authors or webmasters can easily guide LiOS and collect values associated to each metric and, based on the results, they can evaluate and possibly improve the quality of their hyperdocuments.	0
In short, none of these valuation regimes has the absolute overarching power over the others to determine what a good/bad journal is for researchers (Helgesson 2016).	5
To measure research productivity and impact we use articles published in top law journals, defined in six different ways, as well as total citations and two different citation indices.	3
There are a total of 562 nodes and 163 connections in the institutional cooperation network, and the overall density of the network is 0.0011, which is relatively sparse.	4
Starting from 1970 to 2015, a year for every 5 years was taken as the sample.	2
power in 1959, whereas the earlier influences were Western rather than Eastern.	0
a second purpose was to compare raw and weighted count to determine institutional productivity.	1
We also show that books receive on average more citations than other published documents in Google Scholar.	4
For the RPYS-CO analysis in this study, we used seven seminal papers with the Web of Science (WoS) document type 'article' as marker papers, which were published by KH and SM as marker papers.	2
Moed, Gianluca Imbriani and Francesco Giannino as well as the seminar participants for their valuable comments and discussions.	0
Table 1 shows that most complete information is provided by WoS and Scopus databases, the whole indexation of journal articles by RSCI began only in the last several years.	4
Co-occurrence analysis of AAG and CCG keywords in 2018 was conducted using VOSviewer (1.6.8).	3
Given sparse data on long-term career trajectories of graduates of HN fellowships, this is the first study aiming to understand the career trends of HN fellowship graduates and factors associated with or predictive of successful academic job placement.	5
For most journals, the correlation between the number of words in the title and citations is negative, except journals A and C (Fig.	4
The lack of dates for individual Mendeley article readers and an unknown bias toward more recent articles mean that readership data should be normalized individually by year, however, before making any comparisons between articles published in different years.	5
This work aims to highlight the major concerns regarding how the policies of many pay-to-publish journals harm the integrity of real science.	1
aThese columns refer to average minimum maximum and median value of the difference between the number of authors and inventors in each PPP.	0
Through this process, we confirmed 152 reverse flips.	2
Five schools accounted for 60.5% of these letters.	4
Figure 7 shows the node betweenness distribution of an interdisciplinary knowledge network in China.	0
Here we focus on the culture of research laboratories and describe the key categories that emerged through analysis, including communication, community structure, governance, and collaboration that influence and shape lab culture.	1
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
To help explain the preeminence of these authors’ work, a hypothesis is proposed, which interprets it with the help of institutional theory as an effort of a field to find legitimacy by developing research from reference academic disciplines that concerns sport or is closely linked to it (e.g., through the concept of corporeality).	1
We then e-mailed Szust's application for editor — a CV and cover letter — to these 360 journals and tracked responses for six months.	3
The share of single-author papers has diminished over time, and North American PhDs engage more in coauthored publications.	5
DARE achieves these insights by analysing team diversity and cohesiveness in five dimensions, building on Boschma's multi-dimensional concept of proximity.	1
When the move-year is not an integer, we round it down to the closest integer.	0
Overall, retracted paper mill papers were mostly published in journals of the second highest Journal Citation Reports quartile for impact factor (n=529 (44.8%)) and listed four to six authors (n=602 (50.9%)).	4
On the other hand, students with more weekly time for research are more likely to have favourable conditions for scientific production compared to those with no time.	5
When the user selects "Standardization” – “Cluster equivalent Cited References", two attributes are used for a first similarity computation: "Last name" of the author and "Source title" from the table on the right side of the screen.	3
Multiple-choice questions (MCQ) were transformed to dichotomous variables by combining similar choices.	3
The search method is to separately search for the name of the journal and add the search period to the search results of each journal: 2000 to 2018 and the nationality of the authors' institutions each journal: People's Republic of China.	2
During the interviews conducted for this research in 2019, evaluators recognized technological outputs as one of the most difficult aspects to deal with in their work within the SNI commissions.	4
** This figure comes from the web site of the National Library of Medicine of USA (http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/medline.html).	0
Our method distinguishes the citation strength, and utilizes PageRank and HITS algorithms to rank scholarly articles comprehensively.	3
Our results showed that international collaboration is still not prevalent in the field of AI, accounting for only 15.7% of all collaborative AI papers from 1950 to 2019.	5
Our findings demonstrate that scientific celebrities generate very positive spillover effects, particularly in terms of knowledge creation by other scientists.	5
Following similar research [22], only invitations for manuscript submission, review and journal's editorial board membership were collected.	2
The number of full-length articles used in this study totaled 3,464.	2
Overall, the most momentous and longest-lasting disciplinary co-occurrence relationship in the coronavirus-related field is Medicine & Immunology and Microbiology (MEDI& IMMU).	4
and Arthroscopy? was performed on data collected at ten year intervals for the last 30 years (1986, 1996, 2006, 2016 for AJSM?; 1985/1986, 1996, 2006, 2016 for Arthroscopy?).	2
The analysis is based on the individual publication data collected as part of the Norwegian model for the period 2004-12 for the four main universities in Norway (University of Oslo, University of Bergen, University of Troms?, and the Norwegian University of Science and Technology).	2
Citation histogram for Journal of Geophysical Research: B (Solid Earth and Planets).	0
To visualise the networks of authors, institutions and co-words the software's Pajek and VOSviewer (Batagelj and Mrvar, 2002) were used.	3
This paper aims the analyze the possibility of measuring the performance of journals by data envelopment analysis (DEA) models and propose a new DEA based citation performance metrics for ranking of a set of journals.	1
Citation data used in this paper is based on more than 12,000 journals included in the Science Citation Index Expanded, the Social Science Citation Index and the Arts and Humanities Citation Index of the WoS.	2
These measures are the collaborative rate and the collaborative level.	3
Overlaid are HITS metrics that show the impact and transformativeness of different scientific subdisciplines.	2
In addition, the GC is not prominent (or small), consisting of 544 nodes, which is about 20 per cent of the total number of nodes.	4
The journal Spine published the largest number of articles (12), followed by Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research (seven).	4
To measure the multidisciplinarity of authors' research outputs we used the complement of the Herfindahl–Hirschman (CHH) index, also known as Simpson diversity index.	3
The value of pre-participation for researchers who handled EKs in the reference year has constantly increased since 1975 (Fig.	4
Publishers of conservation journals might consider more cost effective models for open access and conservation-oriented organizations running journals could consider a broader range of options for open access to nonmembers such as sponsorship of open access via membership fees.	5
First, country-specific sets of articles were downloaded from the online version of the Web of Science (WoS) database, for the years 2013–2015.	2
The instrument contained 51 questions, although several of these included multiple sub-questions.	3
How do women's authorship features (first, last, corresponding, position in the author network) affect scientific impact within ADS?	1
The results point at APCs that, on average, would be around twice the current level in order to preserve the publisher’s profit margin (4173–4482 USD in comparison to 2544 USD).	5
Of these, the five universities with the highest correlation coefficient values are UCh (rho=0.944), Udelar (rho=0.939), UNAL (rho=0.856), USP (rho=0.849) and UNALM (rho=0.776).	4
The UK, like some other countries, carries out a periodic review of research quality in universities and the most recent Research Excellence Framework (REF) reported a doubling (103% increase) in its "world leading" or so-called "4*” research outputs in the areas of life sciences and medicine between 2008 and 2014.	1
Our research provides insights into how ghostwriting sites devise market strategies based on cultural predispositions, shedding light on the complexities of the ghostwriting industry and its impact on the moral and educational landscape.	5
Improving English education at the undergraduate and post-graduate levels is recommended.	5
We use an OpenAI embedding model to get vectors for our texts, and visualize and analyze them with t-SNE (Maaten and Hinton 2008), UMAP (McInnes and Healy 2018), and BERTopic (Grootendorst 2022).	3
The ratio of foreign-educated professors has no consistent relation with the rankings of the universities.	4
According to Web of Science (WoS), we obtained 3215 publications in this journal.	2
This analysis is meant to simplify the process of identifying OA journal publishing options in the discipline of anthropology, in addition to sharing findings on some of the prominent issues in OA publishing as they relate to anthropology journals, including non-transparency by publishers and the prevalence and price of article processing charges (APCs).	1
We then regressed these discipline-scaled A′rel against the loge number of years since first publication pooling all sampled disciplines together, and then ranked these scaled residuals (ε') as described above.	3
Notably, Medicine, PLoS, and Formos journals display higher DCs of 0.11, 0.50, and 0.25, respectively, in collaborative maps, while EJMR lags behind with a coefficient of 0.02.	4
The three different types of scientific discovery according to Koshland (2007) are:	0
Вводится общее понятие библиометрического равновесия и предлагается модель, описывающая его частный случай.	1
The two theories of the relationship of recombination to innovation are not being tested here.	0
However, EBSCO full text views is an exception.	5
The scientometric analysis was facilitated by Clarivate Analytics' (formerly Thomson Reuters) Web of Science databases.	2
For the following investigations the citation records were determined in the ISI Web of Science database in July and October 2012.	2
Methodological and ethical quality of studies were assessed with seven-item (sample size calculation, animal age, animal sex, animal weight, inclusion and exclusion criteria, randomization, and blinded outcome assessment) and four-item (ethical review committee approval, anesthesia, pain control, and euthanasia) scales, respectively.	3
(3) What is the disciplinary distribution of seafood cold chain logistics research?	1
The analysis of the source journals in the earthquake field verifies that 54,049 articles are distributed in 4242 journals, of which 849 journals (20% of all journals) have published 48,035 papers (88.87% of all papers), which exceeds the 80/20 Rule.	4
To improve the research performance in the region, each government needs to provide support such as funding, research infrastructure, and human resource.	5
While generating research income is perceived as an important part of academic life, the paper concludes that achieving research excellence seems more complicated than just following the money.	5
The first technique of governing research consists in a small group of ecologists in association with international institutions promoting the adoption of the ES notion and its framing of conservation and ecological issues among the community of ecologists.	4
The results also show that tweets and citations are somewhat related, and they mostly measure different types of impact.	4
Furthermore, we got the number of times a paper was cited from Web of Science (https://www.webofscience.com).	3
We divide the type of analysis into descriptive, predictive, and explorative analyses, and their different roles in EBPM processes.	3
High quality publication are therefore negatively linked to normalized leadership, validated by negative Spearman' correlation coefficients for all three groups with a confidence level of 99.5%: ρ = ?0.553 ±0.085 (China), p = ?0.696 ±0.053 (NA) and p = -0.504±0.046 (WE).	4
Specifically, we calculate the distance between researcher A and editor B as the length of the shortest path between them in the years t ?	3
Furthermore, articles that are OA have a higher scientific impact than non-OA articles (positive and statistically significant coefficient).	4
We used Scopus and the Web of Science to constitute a corpus of 72,069 articles (metadata), focusing on a particular discipline, on some particular journals and even individuals.	2
We draw on five years of interviews with Chinese academics, entrepreneurs, and government officials, in which we investigated the degree to which the central government's heavy emphasis on R&D investment has resulted in innovative breakthroughs.	2
This analysis demonstrates that certain tangible factors are highly predictive of citation rate and include higher levels of evidence, institutional and international collaboration, and publication in a journal with a higher impact factor.	5
Drawing on 1,845,351 CS, 254,039 Sociology, and 193,338 Business teams with two leaders in the OpenAlex dataset, we identify that heterogeneous shared leadership brings higher citation impact for teams than homogeneous shared leadership.	2
Nominal group titles and compound titles are the two most common types, and prepositional phrase titles are the least common in all four disciplines and genres.	4
We found a significant increase in the percentage of female first and corresponding authors in ABME?	5
The paper then provides an empirical review of bibliometric data to see what differences in research output occur when funding is received from very similar sources and where the risk of duplication might be considered to be greater.	1
Thus, a journal-journal matrix including simultaneously fractionalized values of direct citation, cocitation, and coupling was symmetrized by cosine similarity and later transformed into distances before performing clustering.	3
This curriculum is part of a Brazilian database created in 1999 and is supported by the Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico (CNPq) in which researchers may include information about their academic and scientific production (lattes.cnpq.br/).	2
After determining the SSCI output published by the institutes' scientists, the citations for these articles are recorded using the Journal Citation Report (JCR).	2
We constructed a map of the co-cited groups with the longest lifespans (Fig.	5
Here, we address this question by analyzing a large-scale dataset, containing all the papers published by the American Physical Society (APS) in 26 years, which allows for a better understanding of scientists' careers evolution in Physics.	1
We study two data availability policies of journals.	3
Our analysis here has shown that the cancer research network is well-connected in India over the entire period captured in the present study.	5
Our survey has provoked broad interest [40] and demonstrates that people value activities beyond writing and analyzing data but the opinions are polarized: As many researchers credit activities like supervision almost always as those that credit them almost never, even people in the same field and country.	5
For instance, a paper signed by authors from Italy, France and Spain would count three times since the signatures would involve three different countries.	0
This is one common understanding of interdisciplinarity and transdisciplinarity (Hirsch Hadorn et al.	0
The latest available Beall's list for 2017 contains 1155/1294 potential, possible or probable predatory scholarly OA publishers/journals, 95 companies that calculate and publish counterfeit impact factors and 115 newish counterfeit websites of genuine journals.	4
Given these considerations, empirical likelihood-based confidence intervals were calculated for the distribution means of all relevant variables using the statsmodels package.	3
Because most of the indexes do not conform to the normal distribution, we used the Mann-Whitney test to compare whether the same index has statistically significant in different periods or different categories.	0
Neither patients nor public were involved in the development of this study protocol.	0
Merging the citation counts of arXiv-deposited e-prints (arXiv version) with those of their corresponding published journal articles (publisher version) is an important issue in citation analysis.	1
One hundred and fifty-one journals contain 11.1 million altmetric indicators data for 152,474 published papers.	2
In a novel approach, Uzzi, Mukherjee, Stringer, and Jones (2013) used co-citation analysis to characterize a subset of highly cited articles with respect to both novel and conventional combinations of prior research.	3
В настоящей работе под библиометрическим равновесием понимается результат взаимодействия между научными журналами (в лице их управляющих органов), авторами научных статей и координаторами управляющими системой научных исследований.	1
However, we would like to begin with a new argument concerning apparent populations suggested by these exchanges: the mere fact that there is such controversy is all the more reason to apply the methods we propose.	1
A FAER grant application may be a marker for an anesthesiologist who is interested in pursuing a physician-scientist career.	5
Unfortunately, none of them can yet be answered by reference to reliable evidence.	0
One might relate the late-rising papers with the phenomenon called “sleeping beauties” in science [31].	4
My hope then is that publication authorship provides another useful approach in the toolbox of bibliometric studies and beyond.	5
In Section 6, we offer the contributions and limitations of this study.	0
Surprisingly, in LS rather than the impact factor, the 'importance of a journal's reputation' has a positive and significant effect on the mean FNCR (B = 0.525, Beta = 0.235, Table 9).	4
For differentiating purpose, this paper adopts the polarity based citation sentiment definition, and refers to the fine-grained definition as citation function analysis.	0
This paper proposes a data-driven methodology for identification of the concepts which the world-wide community defines as disciplines at a particular moment by analyzing the information available in Wikipedia at that same moment.	1
In our study, we identified the top 50 landmark publications in SLNI.	5
The influence of the PLE was measured by examining articles across various disciplines published between 1950 and 2013 that cited Zipf's original work.	1
Journal categories with the MCAs were the Oncology with 232 articles, followed by the Medicine with 138 articles.	4
We first discuss the studies related to our study, giving attention to the formation of interdisciplinarity, keyword evolution, and JA.	0
An altogether different view on the properties of a good performance measure than that given in Egghe (2012) is offered.	1
Most similar paths are retrieved when search methods like critical path and local forward search.	4
Other data used in this study can be obtained by making reasonable requests.	0
RQ6 – What is the degree of collaborative authorship?	1
Our results suggest that, according to the new mechanism, shifts in funding and activity would be unevenly spread across Italy.	5
The WOS citation database (Clarivate Analytics) was used to prepare this article using the latest versions of Science Citation Index (SCI) Expanded Edition and Journal Citation Reports (JCR) for 2022.	2
Number of neurosurgery-related publications with respect to the gross domestic product in billion $.	0
by analysing a large sample of medical and a selection of non-medical journals, the present analysis confirms a considerable inequality in citation distribution as illustrated by several quantitative measures—thus, disqualifying the JIF to adequately represent a journal's or a paper's citedness.	5
The question of prestige has gathered a great deal of attention during the past two decades.	0
The PubMed search interface was used to determine the publication output of institutes over the past 5 years (2010–2014).	3
We utilized an improved methodology across three distinct sources: mainstream psychology, highly influential journals, and non-English papers.	2
The purpose of this paper is to report results of a study which investigated the growth of open access (OA) journals across the world with reference to the Asian region.	1
Bibliometrics Department, University of Vienna Library and Archive Services, Universit?tsring 1, Vienna A-1010, Austria.	0
Consequently, the present study is restricted to scientific articles published (1) from 1990 to 2010 and (2) one-year periods as case study - ended 31 December 2008.	2
Please note that during the production process errors may be discovered which could affect the content, and all legal disclaimers that apply to the journal pertain.	0
The full bibliographic citation for each of the articles in the network is given in Table 1.	0
Countries with the largest number of publications in PPJ during the period 2011–2018 were India with 97,454 publications and China with 94,058.	4
Using the always-OA AERA Open as a comparison group, we find arguably causal evidence that removing the paywall increased monthly downloads by about 55% to 95%.	4
Sixty-two of these journal titles had published a total of 120 articles that were cited by at least 1 systematic review, with a total of 157 systematic reviews citing an article from 1 of these predatory journals.	4
First, the productive and influential publications, authors, institutions, countries/territories, and supraregions are analysed based on the total number of citations, publications, and different citation thresholds.	3
With these networks, we successfully identify the scientific sub-field by detecting communities and extracting core keywords of each community.	3
Tashakkori and Teddlie (1998) argue using a mixed methods approach, utilizing both qualitative and quantitative data, can give broader and more detailed perspectives within a research project.	3
US scientists did not comment on whether they saw any changes in US graduate students over time.	0
T-test, Mann-Whitney U test, Fisher's exact test and linear regression analysis were used to assess the association of H-index with length of promotion and gender.	3
All told, for the three fields of medicine, there were 2,961 citations to funded articles, compared with 2,368 citations to unfunded articles.	0
N = 68, *, **, *** denote statistical significance at 10%, 5%, 1% levels, respectively.	0
The four information science journals under study include Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology, Information Processing and Management, the Journal of Information Science, and the Journal of Documentation.	2
The intent of this paper is to give response to all of these questions.	1
Figure 2 – A flowchart of the selection process for anesthesia papers	0
This left 4310 journal articles, of which we were able to obtain pdf copies of 4269 (99.0%, a lower proportion than the 100% figure we achieved for REF2021, perhaps because of the more stringent open access rules that were introduced for the latter exercise).	2
To describe the level of reliance upon preprints in policy documents, a set of policy documents were manually collected from the following institutional sources: the ECDC (including rapid reviews and technical reports), UK POST, and WHO SB (n = 81 COVID-19-related policies, n = 38 non-COVID-19-related policies).	2
The authors illustrate the research topics, research trends and topic similarity of COVID-19 research by using Latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) and topic visualization method.	3
In order to explore the community structure of the ATSN, a state-of-the-art community-detection algorithm invented by Blondel et al.	3
The data were retrieved from the Science Citation Index Expanded (January 04, 2021) using the word "Cambodia" for the period 1972 to 2019.	2
It confirms findings on researchers' international collaboration and publication behavior and its impact on citations.	5
The opinions expressed are those of the authors and may not reflect the policies of NSF or NIH.	0
We can then use the indicator i = BPR/10 to be a measure of quality.	3
Following this thought, in the CISCI method, a mutual recursion mechanism is applied to calculate the KC and KAD.	3
More specifically, we are interested in following research questions in the context of two selected journals in the field of education from IEEE digital library:	1
The IM and KM corpus consisted of the titles, abstracts, and author keywords derived from all datasets represented in Fig.	2
The proposed concept of The Reviewer Index [RI], thus, enables grading of reviewers, as well as entitles them to different benefits.	5
The Shapiro-Wilk test was applied to verify the data's Gaussian distribution.	3
The main purpose of this work was to introduce a parameter-free method to quantify to what extent a paper is an SB.	5
To better understand these patterns together, we developed a generative model of the citation network, featuring exponential growth, the redirection of scientific attention via publications’ reference lists, and the crowding out of old literature by the new.	1
This is formulated based on two kinds of competing tasks, both Poisson processes with equal duration times.	3
It compiles a panel data set on U.S. economics departments.	2
From the WOS database, 1269 manuscripts were retrieved and published from 1955 to 2022, with 15,485 citations received and 3695 authors from 78 countries published in 192 journals.	4
To avoid any bias, we assessed this information using quartile rankings.	3
We rely on a survival analysis to shed light on the “time to adoption” among finance researchers.	3
Of the 46 retracted Covid-19 articles, 27 (59%) continued to be available as original unmarked versions from online sources after they had been retracted (Table 2).	4
Li Tang greatly assisted in the organization and conduct of field research.	0
In addition to discussing the benefits and recommendations for database citation, this study will seek to answer the following research questions concerning the four major chemical databases (i.e.	1
(2008), which is a heuristic method based on modularity optimization, is adopted to detect the communities and meanwhile to obtain the (optimal) modularity.	3
However, whether success in obtaining research funds correlates with the productivity, quality or impact of a researcher is debated.	1
Nicolás Robinson-García holds a PhD in social sciences from the University of Granada.	0
If the difference is larger than the mean value, it is more than one can expect as the difference between two universities.	5
Then, one investigator (AG) coded the content of each retraction notice according to each relevant comparator (COPE guideline, Retraction Watch guidelines for minimal and optimal content).	3
Is the duration of international mobility dependent on researchers' career stage?	1
(2) Research topics have evolved from industrial arts, technical and vocational education, technological literacy education, and curriculum development, to pedagogical skills of teachers of technology; Other countries focus on “professional development of technology teachers," while Taiwan emphasizes “curriculum and teaching materials;”	4
Extending and updating previous studies (e.g., Powers et al.	1
Continuous variables were summarised as mean and standard deviation (SD) for normally distributed variables, and median and interquartile range (IQR) in cases of non-normal distribution.	0
Furthermore, most subjects are carrying out more diversified knowledge trading practices by importing higher volumes of knowledge from a greater number of subjects.	4
The distributions of the number of articles and cited references by year are shown in Table 1.	0
PubMed queries for University of New Mexico’s contribution rate formula [3]	0
In the second experiment, inventor status was operationalized as an inventor who was elected a member of the National Academy of Sciences: the treatment group received an invention disclosure with an inventor that was a member of the National Academy of Sciences (full professor and NAS member), while the control group received the same invention but now submitted by an inventor who was not a member of the National Academy (full professor and not NAS member).	3
Our study underscores the persistent efficacy of references as predictors of article citations during the tumultuous COVID-19 era.	5
In this study, we compare the citation rate between tweeted papers and non-tweeted papers published in the same year and in the same journal.	3
The classifiers are visually evaluated by ROC curve.	3
For country of origin, we used author country affiliations and measured cooperation according to van Eck and Waltman (2021); only countries with more than four articles were selected.	3
Content analysis revealed four main themes: 'Committee transparency'; 'Content validity and reliability'; 'Additional support'; Recognition of effort and constraints'.	4
Comparison of percentage reductions in result numbers by search filter used.	0
The lack of experience was perceived as a major reason for inadequate and omitted citations, followed by lack of overall research experience and working in interdisciplinary research projects.	4
Our measure of productivity, yit is quantified with a bibliometric measure of individual i at time t, namely the quality weighted sum of articles divided by the average number of authors per article.	3
Against this backdrop, the following research questions are raised: what particular knowledge do North Korean researchers produce in the fields of S&T?	1
Based on the 20-year citation histories of a large sample of articles published in flagship journals, the central finding is that external citation counts are indeed more responsive to the presence of prior adopters, although the difference emerges only among middle and late adopters.	5
Relevant data, including the number of citations, publication year, publishing journal and impact factor (IF), authorship and country of origin, article type and study design, screening modality, and main topic, were collected and analyzed.	3
The paper provides advances on previous works studying the curvilinear relationship between multidisciplinarity and the researchers' performance, confirming that multidisciplinarity is beneficial up to a threshold beyond which these benefits are attenuated.	5
The procedures invoked both (1) processes of judgement, in which worth and qualities are attributed to candidates, and (2) processes of legitimation, in which said judgements are stabilized and made acceptable.	4
To answer this question we use the review files of American Sociological Review (ASR), the flagship journal of American sociology, and focus on 167 research articles published between 1978 and 1982 (Bakanic, McPhail, and Simon 1987).	2
There was not a statistically significant difference in the SJR indicator between the top 10 publishers (p = 0.058) and between publication model (p = 0.478).	4
Structuring science is about identifying fields, subfields, and research themes and relating them to each other.	0
The cosine similarity measure is widely applied to compute content similarity between research documents [28,29].	3
Forty-nine participants from or residing in six continents completed the training.	2
Of the 40 applicants, nine applicants were identified as having 50% or more of their publications in predatory journals, and three applicants had more than 80% of their publications in these journals.	4
This study was the first scientometric report of the most cited highest level of evidence systematic reviews and meta-analyses in dentistry that analyzed the main characteristics of papers and provided a historical perspective on scientific progress and displayed key trends in dental research as well as clinical practice.	5
For all games that do not distinguish all authors and all publications by names or by another characteristic, we obtain the equal weights solution as equivalent to the Shapley value solution.	4
This study found that authors' response to citation score and review period differ among the two publishers.	5
Social Studies of Science (SAGE, London, Newbury Park, Beverly Hills and New Delhi), Vol.	0
This is the most important consequence of the editorial policy which will hopefully lead to even more progress of JBUON in the near future.	5
In some cases, the list of a certain paper may contain more references than the correct ones, as if it was subject to an abnormal (tumoral) growth.	4
On aggregate, we find no influence of these local research characteristics on the productivity of researchers, if we control for their unobserved characteristics.	4
In the 1990s, the publication and PhD recruitment rates following the Danish pre-graduate research programme (PGRP) in medicine were 54% and 33%, respectively.	1
5b) appeared to correlate much better to Nature2001–2010 and NPI2008–2012 than the total research2001–2009 expenditures (r = 0.30; Fig.	4
A power law with an exponential cutoff better fits these distributions than it does a pure power law.	4
Regarding gender differences in dropout rates, we observed higher dropout rates among women than men in both RD and SD stages across all fields.	4
The Radicchi index, as a measure of academic productivity, demonstrated no field-dependent connection with citation opportunity (r = 0.079, Figure 7).	5
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/2059-5816.htm	0
The objective of this work is to analyze the scientific production of Mexico through the information downloaded from the Scopus database.	1
In order to study migration patterns we have defined a specific model for the analysis in which the move of researchers from one country to another can be more easily tracked.	0
Among the methods evaluated, BalancerGNN consistently outperformed others, especially in highly imbalanced datasets where the fraud-to-legitimate node ratio was low.	5
number of citations) of papers authored by Twitter users and non-Twitter users.	4
The domestic use of Chinese research is shrinking in late 1990s but keeps increasing thereafter.	4
Ultimately, less than 185,000 products were submitted by compared to a potential number of 194,764.	2
This understanding could help policy-makers form training programs and create incentives to encourage the less established researchers.	5
In 1985 Garfield wrote: “By basing funding or even scholarly tenure and hiring decisions on quantitative bibliometric data, there is always the potential for making two serious mistakes: one, in believing that mere publication or citation counting is equivalent to citation analysis; and, two, in believing that citation analysis, even when carefully performed by experts, is sufficient by itself to ensure objectivity" (Garfield, 1985).	3
In cross-national and historical comparison, neither solely size of country nor level of R&D investments account completely for the growth of scientific productivity.	5
The views expressed are not necessarily those of the Department of Health.	0
The corpus referenced by this research consists of two parts: a general corpus (corpus 1) and a specific corpus (corpus 2).	2
* Corresponding author at: Faculty of Economics and Business, University of Almería, Ctra.	0
Measuring researcher productivity and impact (RPI) is always a critical issue for hiring, tenure, and promotion decisions.	5
By studying several bibliometric rankings and indices simultaneously, we hope to provide a framework for understanding their similarities and their differences.	1
This study was exempt from review by the Tripler Army Medical Center Department of Clinical Investigation.	0
The Master List is structured in various columns, including: journal title, country, WoS indexing data: 2015 IF value, SCIE, SSCI and ESCI; Scopus indexing data: 2015 CiteScore value and a column to express the inclusion in Scopus (‘Inactive’ journals, which appear in the official dataset, were discarded).	3
Therefore, this study aimed at exploring this research niche and identifying the main topical issues currently underway, such as the most pressing disaster types and prevalent geographical locations as well as identifying the most prominent nations in DRM research production.	1
The combined search results returned 263 bibliographic records of LIS articles citing HBPLE.	2
We first analyze the output ratio between all peer reviewed monographs and articles registered in the VABB-SHW for the years 2000-2014, at the level of the four largest (anonymized) Flemish universities (Antwerp, Brussels, Ghent and Leuven), as well as at the level of 16 SSH disciplines.	2
The intention here is to shed additional light on the performance of insti- tutions within the University of Belgrade, by implementing percentile-based indicators (both at the article and journal level).	1
The results confirm this (positive and statistically significant coefficients for 'positive' and 'negative' views), moreover the magnitude of the coefficients suggests that the effect of stronger positive views on the use of the AJG/ABS list is higher than the effect of stronger negative views.	4
In this large-scale research based on bibliometric, biographical and administrative data, we examine how gender disparities in international research collaboration differ by collaboration intensity, academic position, age, and academic discipline.	1
Notes: Titles = the total number of journal titles; Articles = the total number of articles; Mean Articles = the mean number of articles in a journal.	0
To review current formatting requirements, we extracted a list of the top 1000 academic journals [21] based on their 2019 CiteScore values, a metric used to measure the average citations per document in a particular journal over a certain period of time [22].	2
The present study aims to investigate if the articles in life sciences have become more cluttered and less readable across the past 50 years in terms of the use of adjectives and adverbs.	1
Krinsky at New York University is thanked for the concepts that prompted this study.	0
This study aimed to analyze the intellectual structure of the recent research on the utilization of agri-food wastes and by-products as self-sufficient fish feed materials based on 922 Scopus-indexed core collection documents from 252 journals written by 4420 authors from 73 countries with an annual growth rate of 18.65% over the last four years (2019-2022).	1
The use-value of publications as contributions to knowledge becomes of secondary importance or could even be seen as a constraint on output.	5
We then divided the resulting set of 121,451 papers into 10-year periods and disciplines, using WoS’s list of scientific disciplines.	2
However, considering that scientists are embedded in an institutional setting that determines priorities, norms and (positive/negative) incentives, such a division of labour can even be dysfunctional.	5
Similarly, meta-analysis showed that articles published in the first three places of an issue had a higher download rate compared with articles in the last three places of an issue (pooled rate difference (95% CI) 442.1 (293.0, 591.2) downloads/article year, Z=5.81, p<0.001) (figure 5).	4
Out of the bioethics journals we checked, including 15 non-English journals, only 44 of them have published top-cited articles in the last 40 years, and all are English-language journals.	4
A successful ECR publishing model has to extend into education, mentorship and post-publication promotion to build confidence and encourage long-term publication success.	5
Furthermore, the Relative Priority Index (RPI) [8, 9] or relative specialization index [18], was employed to identify the scientific effort of the Spanish institutions in the development of the rehabilitation research field.	3
The sample consisted of 40 CVs that were collected from the Internet.	2
The same journals: Science & Technology Libraries, Issues in Science & Technology Librarianship, Journal of eScience Librarianship, Journal of Hospital Librarianship, Journal of the Medical Library Association, Medical Reference Services Quarterly, and Health Information and Libraries Journal, were studied.	2
Institutions were then sorted in ascending order and the first 30 institutions were selected as the study's sample.	2
Finally, we perform an analysis of co-occurrences of keywords [31].	3
Thus, while conventional metrics would downplay the success of these projects, our approach highlights both their accomplishments to date as well as their potential.	4
Phylomemy reconstructions may thus become collective and reflective tools to foster the worldwide collective coordination between researchers.	5
Whether the researchers have represented these numbers correctly or not is therefore not relevant here.	0
Relative size of the giant component in the cumulative algorithm co-occurrence network by year	0
Authors would like to express gratitude to the Editor-in-Chief and reviewers for their valuable comments and suggestions which significantly enhanced the qual- ity of the paper.	0
The four specific fields included in this study are: mathematics (MATH), physics (PHY), earth and environmental sciences (EES), and life sciences (LIFE).	2
In either case, it can be observed that the m(i)a values are rather small and all fall much below the overall ma coauthor core value.	4
This is more likely caused by differences related to quality than differences related to status of the publications cited.	5
1 Fraunhofer Institute for Systems and Innovation Research, 76139 Karlsruhe, Germany	0
Therefore, the purpose of this study is to explore if elite scientists play a key role in the genesis of transformative research, by comparing the h-indices of authors citing Nobel Prize-winning papers with those of authors citing other, say ordinary papers.	1
For testing Hla and H1b, we use citation chains of length 2 (publication A is cited by publication B) and length 3 (publication A is cited by publication B and publication B is cited by publication C, but publication C does not cite publication A).	2
A total of 45% of the top-cited articles were published during 2000–2009, followed by 30 articles from 1990–1999.	4
Ghostwriting has been defined as ‘the failure to designate an individual (as an author) who has made a substantial contribution to the research or writing of a manuscript.	3
These include a rigid bureaucratic structure and a paramount importance of creating consensus.	4
The data related to the activities over approximately four years (2015–2018, which corresponds to the four-year planning and evaluation phase of the group), except for seniority or citation indices which were measured at the end of 2018.	2
The following general picture emerged: most of the independent variables predicted the peer quality ratings, but none surpassed publication productivity in predictive strength; most independent variables were also correlated with publication productivity, so that they did not significantly improve the prediction by publi- cation productivity alone.	0
The results of these earlier qualitative and quantitative efforts of mapping the domain of intercultural relations were recently validated and updated in a separate study in a separate study (unpublished as of this writing) using the same dataset of this research by the same authors.	0
Search queries for individual authors were refined on an iterative basis through a detailed comparison of the results for the four databases (for details regarding Google Scholar, Scopus, and Web of Science, see Harzing and Alakangas 2016).	3
Additionally, national collaborative research performs the worst in average number of citations, views, and JIF percentile, showcasing the detrimental impact for LAU to collaborate on a national level.	4
The analyses aim to capture the existence of the Matthew effect and the small-world effect.	3
The authors thank all members of the REPOPA consortium for their participation in evaluation activities and discussions.	0
There were 85 journal titles listed under the Information Science & Library Science category of the JCR in 2014 (Thomson Reuters, 2015).	2
We find no discernible preference towards diseases of high-income countries versus those of low-income countries in the top 25% most prestigious journals.	4
I think it plays a useful role as an “objective” element in the evaluation and comparison of different scientists, complementing other elements that may be more “subjective” such as “prestige”, peers' opinions, etc, and others that may be less indicative of individual quality, such as the institutions the scientists belong to or the journals in which they publish their work.	5
The overall trend of increasing use of older literature is well confirmed and can be studied from several perspectives.	5
After this the strive for high impact publications will be examined, firstly by identifying the period in which this became an important evaluation criterion, secondly by looking at variables contributing to the impact of scholarly papers by means of a non-structured literature study, and lastly by combining these data into a quantitative analysis.	1
The reported h-index and g-index information is based on the Publish or Perish software (http:// www.harzing.com/pop.htm).	0
In terms of productivity, Montazeri from Iranian Institute for Health Sciences Research, ACECR, Tehran, with 84 documents was the most prolific author.	4
In this study, we present an update of the network for 2011 using the most recently available edition of the Science Citation Index (SCI).	1
This article assesses the influence of time on the extent to which articles attract Mendeley readers and the influence of time on the extent to which article readers correlate with article citations.	1
Between 2003 and 2012, a total of 2123 articles were published, of which 1107 (52.1%) were original articles, 1948 (91.8%) were written in English, 192 (9.0%) received funding, 661 (31.1%) were published by the United States, and 1060 (49.9%) resulted from interdisciplinary collaboration.	4
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
Received: 22 December 2020 Revised: 13 January 2021 Accepted: 16 January 2021	0
We retrieved the data from the 2010 edition of the JCR which is structured into 174 scientific subject categories.	2
We divided the laureate's careers into three research periods according to the publication time of the Prize-winning paper and the award time: the period before the laureate publishes the Prize-winning paper (T1), the period from publishing the Prize-winning paper to the award time (T2), and the period after winning the award (T3).	1
Teixeira da Silva, with twenty-five documents published that were cited 321 times by 2022.	4
This article revisits the problem of comparing journal ranking metric scores within a field and across fields, and proposes a parametric adjustment process to facilitate such comparisons.	5
We thank the participants in our study for giving their time and consideration to the interviews and sharing their insights.	0
Despite rhetorical adherence to the innovation systems approach policy remained fixed on supply side measures consistent with the linear model of innovation.	4
1 X-axis shows the score sums of topics assessed from the Authors Instructions of the examined dental journals.	0
Theoretically, the fact that a journal is cited frequently indicates that scholars in the field deem it to be influential.	0
The paper was prepared within the framework of the Higher School of Economics Basic Research Programme and funded by the Russian Academic Excellence Project “5–100”.	0
We used forward selection in two stepwise multivariate linear regression analyses to find out what factors influenced the variations in the Research Involvement Barriers Index and the Index of factors that encourage student research.	3
This study examined how postdoctoral training shaped scientists' academic employment, focused on both the timing and prestige of their assistant appointments in research universities in the United States.	1
At the level of the particular collaboration types, international collaborations weakly underlie the specialized kind of research output; on the contrary, extramural domestic and intramural collaborations are weakly associated with diversified research.	4
In all, 21903 funding acknowledgements were recorded across the whole data set with 5,029 acknowledgements (23 %) from these two organisations.	2
As suggested in the previous section, nurse authors may benefit by doing their own exploration of journal relatedness if they are writing about specialty areas that are not represented in Table 1, such as critical care.	0
In 2001, there were 308 tenure-track economics professors in public universities, but by 2008 that figure had grown to 444 a net increase of 44 percent.	4
Sci-Hub's repository contained 69% of all scholarly articles with DOls.	5
Although the oldest associations date from the 19th century, close to 90% of associations identified in the census were founded after 1970, slightly more than one-third in the last decade alone.	4
2014) to examine the research performance of faculty across five Colleges.	1
In support of this hypothesis, we will (1) provide an analysis of the scientific productivity trends from 2015 to 2019, focusing on the top 30 universities in Europe and the United States and on the top 30 private companies (2) detail the methodology used and its limits, and (3) discuss the implications of our hypothesis and future addresses.	1
There are 178 examples (universities) in the dataset.	2
According to SCOPUS the articles written by the staff members from the six institutions were published in 1394 different journals published in 63 countries and were cited a total of 33,262 times.	4
The coefficient of determination r2 ∈ [0, 1] was used to measure the accuracy (r2→ 1) of Schubert-Gl?nzel's model with respect to empirical data.	3
Lenfant, Director, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, National Institutes of Health, 9000 Rockville Pike, Bethesda, MD 20892.	0
The percentages in parentheses show the proportions of the papers in the corresponding field.	0
they do not collaborate with other researchers for their publications.	4
The calculated values for all 174 categories range from 0.38 to 0.77.	4
There are 25 million documents at the eLIBRARY.RU platform with almost 260 million references.	2
Bibliometric analysis is a technique used to analyze published literature to study citation frequency and patterns.	3
In 112 documents (84.2%) the corresponding author (scientific leadership) belongs to a Cuban institution.	4
The CiteScore difference of journals according to whether or not they publish Articles in Press is statistically significant, showing a great advantage—more than double—in favour of journals that do publish AIP (Table 2).	4
The most commonly used terms and collaboration between countries were recognized by using the VOS-viewer bibliometric software (version 1.6.16) [46], which made it possible to view the measured variables on scientific maps.	3
The total proportion of yearly hours dedicated to grant review (annual working hours based on 50 weeks/year) was calculated by adding three components (pre-meeting hours, meeting hours, and travel time) and multiplying by the number of reviews reported.	3
Considering the algorithm itself, this paper chooses AUC (Hanley and Mcneil 1982) to measure the accuracy of the link prediction algorithm.	3
Then we adopted a difference-in-difference model to identify the causal effect of recruiting TYTS scientists on the academic productivity of other scientists.	3
We used NVivo 1.7.1 to perform a qualitative inductive content analysis of the documents using thematic analysis approaches (Terry et al.	3
Using a model for studies of research environments that was constructed and used in the Nordic countries, the study maps both internal elements and those in the framework of the environments that influence research performance and identifies persistent factors in dynamic and innovative research environments.	1
The Mann-Whitney U test was performed to compare the median major and minor content errors and style errors between the comparison and copyediting groups.	3
Moreover, past journal ratings conducted by the Handelsblatt and the GEA directly affect journals' reputation among German economists and indirectly also their perceived relevance, but the effect on reputation is more than twice as large as the effect on perceived relevance.	4
The different BKCI subjects were merged into three broad areas (science, social science, and arts and humanities) to give large enough data sets for powerful statistical tests.	2
We could, first, confirm the negative effect of collaborations on novelty.	5
21 Not surprising, if we consider the varied readership the review claims to have (www.elsevier.com).	0
This again establishes our claim that the model assigns greater ALIS for those who are genealogically independent and are dissociated in their community with regard to their research and have maintained a self-reliant and self-containing profile in terms of publications and citations.	5
The results of Table 6 highlight that there is insignificant difference (F = 0.885, p = 0.519) based on the academic disciplines of the journals regarding readiness for OA.	4
Overall, we show that the fixed journal sets largely mirrors the dynamic sets in terms of the long-term developments in relative citation scores at the country level.	4
Data for the study were gathered using a semi-structured interview schedule, and the interviews aided in examining the phenomenon.	2
Wilcoxon signed-rank test was used to compare the differences in medians for each alternative metric between Altmetric.com and PlumX data.	3
Using these four data sources, we constructed a final sample of 25,718 observations, which is a balanced panel of 1837 inventors with 2822 stem cell patents granted between 1996 and 2009.	2
It is observed that gold open access is the most common type of open access among legal open access models, with about 10–12% articles being gold open access.	4
Most publications were located in North America and Europe.	4
The objective of this paper is to better understand evergreens in particular and patterns of citation trajectory in general.	1
First, we examine the co-citation of journals cited in JTTM.	5
The indicator used to analyze vertical segregation was the Glass Ceiling Index (GCI).	3
In our paper, we exploit the growth rate model to provide a method able to reduce the size-related bias in the knowledge production assessments of universities.	5
Specifically, we link ProQuest dissertations to the US Census data (2000 and 2010) and Social Security Administration data (1900 to 2016) to infer demographic information on students' gender and race (i.e., name signals for white, Asian, or underrepresented minority [Hispanic, African American, or Native American]; see Materials and Methods and SI Appendix); we link ProQuest dissertations to Web of Science, a large-scale publication database with ~38 million academic publications (1900 to 2017), to find out which students have continued research careers, and we weigh our inferential analyses by population records of the number of PhD recipients for each distinct university-year combination to render results generalizable to the population (SI Appendix).	2
But it is at least one of the more important quality dimensions.	5
The most common type of citation found in these 273 journal articles was to other journal articles, which accounted for just under one-half, 49.9 %, of all citations.	4
However, the content of the paper also plays a crucial role in enhancing the predictive performance of the model, such as the paper's title and abstract.	5
Dr Laurens Hessels (corresponding author) is at the Department of Science System Assessment, Rathenau Instituut, Anna van Saksenlaan 51, PO Box 95366, 2509 CJ The Hague, The Netherlands; Email: l.hessels@rathenau.nl; Tel: +31-703421542.	0
The collaboration network in Chile is highly dependent on two institutions; Pontificia Universidad Católica and Universidad de Chile.	4
Finally, the IF Median has the additional advantage that there is no artificial ranking of 128 journals in the category but rather an attribution of journals to a limited number of classes with comparable impact.	5
Our analysis of the globalization of the social sciences is based on the hypothesis of a center-periphery structure of the world social sciences system.	3
Specifically, I show examples where the growth of the h-index is the same, irrespective of whether the investigated researcher had performed as he or she did or whether he (she) had not published any further work.	1
The correlation coefficient between the harmonic mean and the most widely-used RAM, 2YIF, was only 0.539, which is the equal 14th highest correlation coefficient.	4
A retrospective study was conducted on 33 projects from 1999 to 2020.	2
(3) do male and female tourism researchers differ in their collaboration patterns?	1
Authors with a unique identifier (either ORCID or ResearcherID) were classified into research areas based on the Web of Science categorization scheme.	3
Our cross-sectional analysis of the full sample suggests that, overall, there is no citation benefit associated with HOA.	4
The Twitter platform is supporting the practice of citizen science in paleontology for a diverse group of participants in unique ways through interactions that illustrate the inherently social and humanistic way science is practiced.	5
Cultural conflict is irrelevant to the evolution of global research excellence.	0
In the longer term, strategic relationships with research powerhouses, including the USA, China and India, are likely to be crucial for the UK to remain a global innovation leader.	5
We see from Table 8 that the percentage of journals remaining in DOAJ having a policy in RoMEO is 37, while among those removed only 13 percent had such a policy listing.	4
This project characterized current research and collaboration patterns in pain research at one institution after researchers working on a grant application approached the library to better understand current institutional research and publishing about that topic.	1
To investigate whether this age bias is constant or varies by narrow field and publication year, this article compares the proportions of student, researcher and faculty readers for articles published 1996–2016 in 36 large monodisciplinary journals.	1
The gender of the first author of an article was inferred from their first name, when present, and when there was evidence that their first name referred to males 90% or more of the time or females 90% of the time in their country of origin.	3
Following the elimination of these errors, the uncitedness of original articles and reviews dropped below 1 percent—for example, to 0.9% in case of Fields medalists (frequently young people at the beginning of their career), and to 0.3% in case of laureates of the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine.	4
Articles tagged with other categories, such as review papers or editorials, were excluded to focus on a standard document type.	2
Thanks go to an anonymous reviewer who made constructive observations about current trends in the electronic network environment.	0
Content analysis of citations to JoVE articles showed that JoVE articles are mostly cited for methodological reasons (72.4%) and in method sections of articles (53.2%).	5
Typically, a ranking consists of dividing journals into subjects and ordering the journals within each subject according to a single citation metric or a combination of citation metrics.	0
These comprise 31 Biology groups, 29 Chemistry groups, 32 Physics groups and 25 Sociology groups.	2
The policy implications derived from the study's findings can serve as a guide for policymakers in crafting targeted strategies to enhance Cuba's research capabilities through international scientific collaboration.	5
We address the following questions: (1) Are there differences between subject areas in the prevalence of OA journals?	1
Following these constraints brought our final sample size to 1629 authors and 194,952 publications.	2
Thus, scientists tend to continuously study the topic that produce the greater impact.	4
Division of Health Sciences, Warwick Medical School, University of Warwick, CV4 7AL, Coventry, UK	0
The sample of 22 countries and their respective two-letter code was: Argentina-AR, Bolivia-BO, Brazil-BR, Chile-CL, Colombia-CO, Costa Rica-CR, Cuba-CU, Dominican Republic-DO, Ecuador-EC, El Salvador-SV, Guatemala-GT, Honduras-HN, Mexico-MX, Nicaragua-NI, Panama-PA, Paraguay-PY, Peru-PE, Portugal-PT, Puerto Rico-PR, Spain-ES, Uruguay-UY and Venezuela-VE.	2
The present study is an attempt to reveal the literature of digital library in the field of LIS in 10 years, from 2002 to 2016.	1
Lower and upper borders of the boxes indicate first and third quartiles, respectively.	0
Thirdly, authors are seeking the rewards enabled by the incentive attached to measurement systems, rather than the incentive of impacting the discipline/s which they are addressing.	4
This demonstrates the important role of repositories in OA.	5
(1) and (2)), which determines the scientific power of the field.	3
Following Moed and Garfield (2004), we investigate the claim by analysing the proportion of recent references as a function of the length of the reference lists of citing papers.	3
First, research papers are extracted from the databases using the query “chemokine” in title and “Cancer” in topic field.	2
For reasons of simplicity, we consider in this study a group of publications sharing citations to one specific highly cited article as one consensus group.	0
Coauthorship prediction applies predictive analytics to bibliographic data to predict authors who are highly likely to be coauthors.	1
This project successfully generated useful visualizations via bibliometric mapping that characterized current and potential pain research at the institution.	4
Although at the scientific level, CSEC does not seem to improve the evaluation of impact measurement, this new citation index can provide relevant information for evaluation at the micro and meso level.	4
The questionnaire was followed by semi-structured interviews to gain an in-depth understanding of the publishing behaviour.	2
Table 2 details the 25 identified topics and the terms associated with each topic, as well as their popularity (weight) in our corpus of documents.	4
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
The results showed that scientists' attitudinal beliefs (i.e.	4
We find that these researchers disproportionately favor collaboration within their immediate network of collaborators and subdiscipline of criminology, but tend to establish new, synergistic collaborations with topically adjacent researchers.	4
The Smart Bibliometrics aims to add a metric with a significant classification capacity of scientific documents while presenting strategically designed visualizations to support logical choices, due to selecting a high standard bibliographic portfolio.	1
A web-based questionnaire was distributed to 354 repository managers via the OpenDOAR email distribution service and achieved a response rate of 83.3% (295 usable questionnaires).	2
Data Analysis of Global Research Cooperation Patterns in the Secondary Battery Industry.	0
Demand for the opportunity to participate in a synthesis-center activity has increased in the years since the US National Science Foundation (NSF)-funded National Center for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis (NCEAS) opened its doors in 1995 and as more scientists across a diversity of scientific disciplines have become aware of what synthesis centers provide.	1
Figure 1 shows a screen shot of the excellencemapping.net, which visualizes the results of the statistical analyses for 17 subject areas.	4
The faculty-hiring networks had 75 nodes (universities), of which only 5 nodes were Chilean (7%) and 5 nodes were Korean (7%).	2
The finding that the knowledge structures of highly researched river basins (VH and H groups) have entered the ageing stage has also been observed by Bl?schl et al.	5
To deal with this possibility, we used linear regression with our sample data to estimate a relation between observable characteristics of institutions and the prices they pay for journal bundles.	3
Of the 10,000 initial names, 3,534 completed questionnaires, 1,991 were ineligible to participate (multiple awards for same person, deceased, medical leave, pregnancy or had no students) whereas 4,475 never logged on (refusals and eligibility never determined).	2
In total, 788 documents were finally found as publications by authors from El Salvador.	2
Second, it provides a brief introduction to the NLP techniques employed in this article, encompassing both traditional and state-of-the-art methods.	0
The VOSviewer was used to visualize the analysis results on identifying the clusters of network maps on authorship and institution collaboration.	3
The median time from submission to acceptance and from submission to publication for the selected journals were 120 (IQR [83-167]) days and 186 (IQR [126-246]) days, respectively.	4
Has academic publishing reached saturation level or is there still room for more journals and publishers?	1
We have described a combination of force-directed, clustering, and overlay techniques to generate interactive maps capable of being used as efficient interfaces to access bibliometric information.	5
By researching the publications on the Lancet, we find that publications have various directionality patterns, but highly cited publications tend to feature greater possibilities to have Granger causality.	4
By year-end it had grown to 26 papers, a dramatic growth that was noted by several authors (Afzali et al.	0
Type B error: errors that could be attributable to the Altmetric database.	3
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/358936946	0
Science Citation Index (SCI) and Journal Citation Reports (JCR), both of which are part of the Web-of-Science (WOS) database, were used to make a bibliometric evaluation of JAT articles.	1
To this end, we conducted this research with the following research questions: Q1) It is possible to vectorize a scientific paper's text data and metadata (author and citation information) and embed it into a single vector?	1
This study uses the new global patent map developed by Kay et al.	1
Our conclusions point to a disconnection between scientific productivity and the international scope of researchers and their role in the social network.	5
In sum, the results suggest that non-monetary rewards are not necessarily effective, as in some cases they may actually discourage the most intrinsically motivated and competent reviewers.	5
One of the important findings in our study is that when participants had experienced or witnessed misconduct they had seldom come forward and reported the incident to the responsible authority.	4
A total of 204 academics and researchers were interviewed in 2008 and 113 in 2014.	2
The first two columns of Table 2 present the results of the logit regression on the probability to initiate a collaboration.	0
There was a high degree of overlaps between Zone I journals in the three law schools.	4
The team utilized in this study was partly a convenience sample and partly chosen because of its gained respect amongst others within its research network.	2
Do Mendeley readership counts and citation counts reflect the scholarly impact of conference papers in Computer Science Applications, Computer Software, Building and Construction Engineering and Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering?	1
Submit your next manuscript to BioMed Central and take full advantage of:	0
The Shapley values of dual games are always equal (Funaki, 1998).	4
The journal has a wide readership and currently receives manuscripts from roughly 40 different countries around the world.	2
A thorough evaluation of prestige bias requires a careful inventory of assumptions, metrics, and methodology, often requiring a more detailed sensitivity analysis than is normally undertaken.	5
The results showed that WoS appear to have the best consistency in citation coverage for most of the subject areas among all three platforms.	5
According to Yu and Li (2010), there are four main and classical citation distribution models-the Bernal negative exponential model, the Burton and Kebler equation, the improved model, and the transfer function model.	3
%total pub represents the percentage of that country's total publications that are ICPs with China.	0
Cij denotes the number of citations received in the year j by items published in the year i.	0
It shows that top 10% of universities produce about 60 % of all Ph.Ds and 70 % of academics.	4
To explore how gender differences in career progress may explain the gender citation gap, I use a database of over 130,000 top scientists made publicly available by Ioannidis et al.	2
We identify and analyze 20 cited publications occurring very frequently in the cited reference lists of these citing papers.	1
Over 97% of randomly selected data from the initial database were used for the model training phase using MLRA, and the rest was used for the testing phase.	2
Section 2 briefly outlines the existing literature on the potentially gendered collateral effects of quantitative performance metrics, and accounts for the persistent gender gap in scientific output, specifying the focus.	0
Sections 2 and 3 describe the data set and methods, respectively.	0
Showing evidence of the high visibility of preprinted chemical research, our preprints as of April 5, 2022 had been viewed 51,282 times and downloaded 38,756 times.	4
We study whether humans or machine learning (ML) classification models are better at classifying scientific research abstracts according to a fixed set of discipline groups.	1
The participants were university students from various disciplines at the Faculty of Education of a state university located in the Aegean region of Turkey.	2
We found support for the first hypothesis about the positive effects of firm size, though we found a more pronounced effect for participation than grant size.	5
I have been able to gain access to 44 systematically selected assessment reports from recruitments for associate professorships at Aarhus University in the period 2005-2012.	2
Engineering Library, Thornton Hall, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA 22901, U.S.A.	0
Time periods from submission to acceptance and from submission to publication were noted, and their association with impact factor (IF), advanced online publication (AOP), and article processing charges (APCs) were evaluated.	3
The proof for this result is similar to that of Proposition 3 in Oyer (2000) and again we will skip it for the sake of brevity.	0
66.7 (40.53–88.01), p < 0.001; JIF: 2.59 (1.90- 3.84) vs.	4
The H-index of the first author showed more significant correlations with the AAS than the H-index of the last author.	4
Our findings suggest that three logics interact in respondents' journal valuations: institutional evaluation regimes, differing epistemic cultures, and the influence of the commercial publishing industry.	5
We conducted a cross-sectional experiment of peer reviewers' evaluations of mock primary reviewers' comments in which the level and sources of risks and weaknesses were manipulated.	1
However, it turned out that we were able to find around 99 % of the papers in our F1000 data set in Mendeley.	4
Scholarships of 10,000 DKK a month were the primary source of income (72%).	4
These documents were classified by GS into 252 subject categories within 8 broad subject areas.	2
The data cover researchers in three academic disciplines—economics, cardiology, and physics-in Norway, Sweden, and the Netherlands.	2
We found that recall and precision were around 98 and 99 % respectively.	4
Specifically, the transformation provides two distinct advantages: (1) it collapses the results from multiple RPYS analyses into a single scale and (2) this rank order scale is highly amenable to filtering techniques to visualize the n years containing the most cited references.	5
The experiments were conducted on a test collection of 26,262 articles in the PubMed Central Open Access Subset (PMC OAS) of CITREC that, in addition to having linked-based metrics, their full text was available for calculating text-based metrics.	2
The data collected was for the period November 1989 to November 1990.	0
To this aim we can apply the technique of Lagrange multipliers to guess at a solution by writing the functional in the above equation with a Lagrange multiplier as follows:	3
We retrieve the 2016 edition of Journal Citation Reports (JCR, including both Science Edition and Social Sciences Edition) to get the JIF quartile information.	2
Introduction of open access happens without challenging the academic heartland, particularly with respect to the choice of publishing outlet.	5
This contribution aims to address both limitations by investigating variations across countries in climate change research specialization.	1
The success-index s(x) = μ if and only if	4
Operatively, Excel, Ucinet, Pajek, Netdraw and VOSviewer software were combined to analyze them quantitatively and visually.	3
For example, a high share of accepted articles comes with longer times to first response, a high impact factor is associated with a lower share of accepted articles (correlation: ?0.34) but also a longer time to decision (?0.53).	4
The 60 Chinese history articles together contained 8,343 footnotes.	2
Bibliometrics refers to an interdisciplinary science that uses mathematical and statistical methods to quantitatively analyze literature.	3
We argue that the structural characteristics of breakthroughs' citing networks are a manifestation of “paradigm shifts.”	5
Given two publications, an older and a more recent one, intermediacy identifies publications that seem to play a major role in the historical development from the older to the more recent publication.	1
Perhaps the central contradiction at the heart of megajournal publishing lies in the fact that while soundness-only peer review is viewed as the model's greatest strength, it also serves as its greatest perceived weakness.	5
We also assessed citation behavior considering open and closed access journals.	1
This analysis did not require a pair of reviews per manuscript.	0
The figure shows that the median IN score for the ACL best paper awards is significantly higher than the other three groups, which is 0.157.	4
To estimate the seniority level of the researchers in a given time frame, we compute, for each individual, the academic age as the difference between the final year of the time frame minus the year of the first publication reported in Scopus.	3
The citations were collected in May 2003 and thus included all the times an article was cited from time of publication through time of collection.	0
Some developing countries, including South America and Africa, should seize the development opportunity of robotic surgery to improve the level of domestic research on robotic surgery.	5
This modification of the PWR score allows us to score journals by how they influence and are influenced by others (a measure of two-way impact).	5
Aiming to extract mention times more conveniently and quickly, this study focused on developing a high-accuracy citation recognition algorithm based on neural networks, thereby providing automatic extraction of the number of citation mentions in citing papers, and on assessing its performance in PDF papers with different citation styles.	1
Furthermore, scientific impact and technological impact are closely related in our study, but in order to have technological impacts, interdisciplinary papers need first to reach a certain threshold in scientific impact.	4
Considering the GMF as national non-traditional security issue, inter-institute collaborations were more visible than that of international collaborations.	4
The sample for this study consisted of all 679 tenure and tenure-track faculty from the 44 US academic institutions that currently offer a Ph.D.	2
The purposes of this investigation are to analyse research originating from Arab countries in the field of solid waste by using the bibliometric methods, as well as its relative growth rate, collaborative measures, productivity at the institutional level, and the most prolific journals retrieved from the ISI Web of Science database.	1
It is quite clear that Pearson correlation coefficient has high values whereas Spearman ranked correlation coefficient has somewhat lower values.	4
This article proposes to reflect, in the light of Digital Humanities, on the influence of post-truth on the credibility crisis of science.	1
Note: The horizontal axes are for publication years (1993-2023), and vertical axes are for the number of publications (0-12).	0
We start by describing the features used, followed by the classification accuracy.	0
The experimental results show that these indicators have a high correlation with the journal's total citations, indicating that it is appropriate for these indicators to express the impact of the journal.	4
The empirical material includes six semi-structured interviews with university researchers (8 h 5 min; 214 pages) and three semi-structured interviews with industrial researchers affiliated to the university part-time (3 h 3 min; 73 pages), all within STEM disciplines.	2
We emailed faculty members, graduate students, and post-doctoral students involved in psychology research in post-secondary institutions across Canada and the United States.	2
As the data in Table 4 show, there is a very high correlation between the journal rankings of April and November.	4
Another objective of this article is to discover the changes in the popularity of identified big data topics between 2012 and 2017.	1
The argument is not foolproof, and exceptions undoubtedly will occur, but the “injustice” done to powerful junior coauthors in the early stages of their careers will automatically be remedied in due time as their h index rapidly increases.	0
Please cite this article as: Vrki?, D., The Journal of Academic Librarianship (2017), http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.acalib.2017.08.014	0
The dataset is mainly based on the German Federal Statistical Office (Destatis) and builds on two complementary publication series that are distributed annually.	2
To develop objective quantitative criteria to determine whether or not a certain difference among editorial materials exist, we decided to analyze three different aspects of editorial materials, namely the page length, the number of citations given, and the number of citations received.	3
3 What are the most frequently cited journals?	1
We compute the PE score in three steps.	3
The study was targeted at junior secondary students in a Hong Kong government school and addressed the following questions: 1.	1
In this paper, we have presented a ranking method for the impact of papers, authors, and venues in a heterogeneous academic network.	5
First, compared with the traditional technological fields, nanotechnology observes more collaborative activities indicated by a larger average team size and a larger share of collaborative patents.	5
To tackle the lack of appropriate training, we suggest that a specific course on scientific writing should be offered to the students in the last year of their dental master studies.	5
On analysing these themes and their evolution, the research finds that the development of Competitive Intelligence will mainly support the following areas: Data, Information and Knowledge Management, Internet and Social Networks and Information systems and Artificial Intelligence.	5
Clinical approaches in periodontics revolves around prophylactic, non-surgical therapy to prevent gingival inflammation, as well as surgical therapy to treat the lesions invading the supporting tissues untreated by the supportive periodontal therapy.	0
The views expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the opinion or position of the European Commission.	0
The BIBLIO includes 20 items as follows: title (2 items), abstract (1 item), introduction/background (2 items), methods (7 items), results (4 items), discussion (4 items).	4
Note: The size of the circle symbol reflects the number of authors from a particular location	0
We downloaded metadata of articles published by 23 conservation journals and evaluated 9,532 articles published between January 1, 2015, and August 26, 2020 (Supplementary Data) from Scopus.	2
Figure 1 shows that for the within index the value for EWR is greater than for EWA for all selected categories.	4
We take up the issue of performance differences between male and female researchers, and investigate the change of performance differences during the early career.	1
RQ1: Is an article more likely to be published in a higher impact journal if its first author publishes more articles?	1
First, we show an overview of LIS education through a variety of graphic representations, which facilitate the overall understanding of the discipline, including visualizations of the demographic (i.e., gender and rank), the geographic (i.e., country and university), and the disciplinary (i.e., major and research area) characteristics of LIS.	3
The USA leads by a large margin in all the considered measures of performance.	4
Overall, what emerges from this study is the need for a more complex understanding of serendipity that is temporally nuanced.	5
The United States contributed the most institutions, 408 (33%), with the United Kingdom second at 126 (10%), and Germany third at 63 (5%).	4
The purpose of this paper is twofold: first, to present the results of a global patent map and, second, to introduce the "overlay map" technique to locate the relative technological position of an organization's patent activity to support competitive intelligence and policy decision making.	1
For highly cited publications, we calculated the citations per year by dividing a paper's total citations (citation count) by the number of years since publication.	3
Our findings also indicate a negative association between (a) the impact factor and diversity of the research approach, (b) the journal's affiliation to an academic association and diversity in the first author's country of origin and the country of data collection, and (c) the founding year of the publication and the country of data collection.	4
Compared with other topics of research, Dengue research appeared to be region-specific.	5
Abdullah Abrizah was the most prolific author, contributing seven articles (5.7 per cent), followed by Jingfeng Xia (four articles [3.2 per cent]), Karen Markey, Soo Young Rieh and Elizabeth Yakel (three articles [2.5 per cent]).	4
Of the 100 journals, 26 had a policy on plagiarism and 16 referred to text matching software.	4
Therefore, basic research must be valued, prioritized and protected.	5
The collective intelligence dataset (the documents from SCOPUS that were in our dataset) was found in 1191 research communities.	4
This observation challenges the notion of "eclecticism" or "interdisciplinarity" within Psychology and supports the view that Psychology tends to be a discipline characterized by strong insularity and limited communication between different schools of thought (Kiselica & Ruscio, 2014).	5
The objective of this work was to perform a bibliometric analysis regarding the development of Mexican bioinformatics.	1
The author(s) disclosed receipt of the following financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: A grant was provided by the University of Queensland to fund this research.	0
The approach was operationalised through a set of semi-structured interviews with a framework of questions that then allowed the discussion to develop along reasonably natural lines in order to explore potentially unconsidered areas.	3
The first author acknowledges the support of the John Metcalfe Visitor's Grant awarded to Dr.	0
This paper explores whether physical proximity is an important determinant of collaboration within organizations.	1
The study population consisted of all articles indexed in the Scopus citation database in the field of sports medicine, registered by researchers from 2011 to 2020.	2
NP number of publications, NC number of citations, AC average citations by year	0
[9; 10] that there is a risk of confusing quality with quantity therefore lacks empirical support.	5
This paper explores some of the issues relating to payment for publication, particularly in relation to providing open access to research.	1
We explored factors related to receiving a desk rejection (rejection by editor without the article being sent out for review by referees).	1
Pease, Anders Arvesen, Jingru Liu, and Peter Guthrie were ranked in the top ten.	4
All interviews were transcribed verbatim and analysed in the qualitative software package Nvivo 9.	3
We investigated the sentiment of these citations—whether they were critical or supportive—and associations with the methodological quality of the evidence synthesis, reason for the retraction, and time between publication and retraction.	1
In total, 115 articles on open access journals were authored by 215 individuals from 1993 to 2016.	4
How has domestic collaboration developed during the period from 2008–2019?	1
TP: total number of highly cited articles; IF2012: impact factor for 2012.	0
In addition to being used independently, derivative analysis for the extraction of citation variation tendencies can be used to improve the reliability and accuracy of various methods of mapping the citation history to a single index to identify AWSBs by helping them to avoid missing abnormal AWSBs.	5
We demonstrated an increase in Jordanian research output that is accompanied by both, an increase in number of publications in OA journals, and publications with international co-authors collaboration.	5
Two network diagrams were built to represent the (i) interdisciplinarity in the research lines and (ii) co-author relationships between different research groups.	3
Certainly this search item and its citations should be excluded from any evaluation.	5
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
Please cite this article in press as: Campos-Varela I, Ruano-Ravi?a A.	0
Through this, plasma surface treatment technology is actively leading research in some countries academically, but, technically, it is predicted that the cooperation and competition between countries in relation to the application and convergence of element technology is very fierce.	5
Erich Frank, who pioneered landmark advances in Turkish medicine and established the predecessor of the Turkish Journal of Hematology, on the 130th anniversary of his birth (1884- 1957).	1
All the 60 publishers had a working website as of January 2019.	0
The detection of bursting keywords deepens the results of keywords analysis and gives additional information on emerging research frontiers.	3
The research output was standardised by Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and population size.	3
The goal of this article is to (1) quantify the uptake of various types of OA used in GHR research, (2) calculate the financial costs of such practices from the authors' point of view (paying for APCs), and (3) assess the impact of different OA models as indicated through citation analysis.	1
Collaboration was studied through Cuban scientific publications listed in PubMed for the period 1990 to 2010.	2
Reviewers attempting to retrieve practitioner-generated studies should search specialised sources in a systematic manner.	3
Corresponding authors with a higher h-index (P<.05) and authors from Europe and North America (P<.001) were more likely to establish international connections.	4
To calculate the linguistic features from two perspectives (syntactic and lexical complexity), Stanford Parser (Dan & Christopher, 2003) is applied to do POS tagging.	3
More specifically, it aimed to address the following research questions: RQ1) How are global trends evolving in predatory publishing research?	1
4); these keywords include Information Seeking, Knowledge Management, and Bibliometrics (Chang et al., 2015; Jabeen et al., 2015; Onyancha, 2018).	4
The h-index was associated more strongly with academic rank (academic rank accounted for 33.3% of researcher's h-index) than of the number of publications (12.5%) or the number of citations per author (10.2%).	4
The objective of this study is to evaluate the presence or absence of correlation between traditional bibliometrics (citation count and journal impact factor) with Altmetric score among the top general surgery literature and whether or not they predict or impact one another.	1
We found support for the division of labor hypothesis, the opportunity cost of time hypothesis, and the external funding hypothesis.	5
We identified 3262 publications from 187 surgeons, including 78 (41.7%) with no graduate degree, 84 (44.9%) with master's degrees and 25 (13.4%) with PhDs.	2
1 Distribution of the residuals of the tested models (upper frame: base model; bottom frame: alternative model)	0
Using scientometric benchmark procedures and density-equalizing mapping, we analysed the global scientific efforts on "silicosis” of the last 92 years focusing on geographical changes within the last 30 years, specifying the most productive authors, institutions, countries and the most successful cooperations.	1
The final database contains 174,773 records of the funded researchers.	2
The analysis allowed for identifying the leading authors and institutions, the most widely used journals, and the most frequently used keywords (i.e., topics).	5
Geographical distribution revealed that North America was the most productive continent, while Africa contributed the least citations.	4
Predicting the impact of research institutions is an important tool for decision makers, such as resource allocation for funding bodies.	1
It was checked if and which options are available to publish a journal article open access.	3
This paper defines the ‘miraculous year' as the most productive year in academics' scientific careers.	1
Although existing literature on CARs' narratives is multidimensional and diversified, there are several areas that remain under-investigated when viewing the entire body of literature.	5
Figure 4 indicates that the coverage of science, as measured by the use of references, is very uneven and limited across scientific fields (Samoilenko & Yasseri, 2014).	4
Bibliometric analysis is a quantitative method of evaluating scientific productions for different authors, countries, journals, and publications related to a specific topic.3	3
The first important finding in this study is that the frequency of EC use has increased markedly over the years.	5
Metadata fields are populated through a semi-automated process that uses custom programming to access content from multiple sources.	3
In conclusion, the latecomers are divided into a group that maintained an ‘independent' research climate with emphasis on the national system (China and Iran), and a 'cooperative' group that emphasizes IC (e.g., Colombia and Armenia).	5
We compare these four dimensions at two points in time: before the acquisition of a societally targeted grant, and in the post-acquisition phase, i.e.	3
To analyse and comprehend the underlying structure of the scientific work relating to nursing's scope of practice, a co-word analysis of the content of the article titles, abstracts and associated keywords was conducted.	3
Cost was determined by gauging the percentage of each journal’s cost within the total journal package.	3
All content following this page was uploaded by Dixie Fisher on 01 June 2014.	0
The list of medical journals in the field of oncology was acquired from Thomson Reuters Intellectual Property and Science using the proper code field, by accessing http://science.thomsonreuters.com/cgi-bin/jrnlst/jlresults.cgi?PC=D&SC=DM in January 2014.	2
The dataset was retrieved from Scopus database on February 20, 2018, all the related data statistics were exported on the same day to make further data processing.	2
(2) Are there any emerging institutional and regional centres of research?	1
We would like to thank all the editors who completed the survey.	0
The author is grateful to Karen McClaskey of Truman State University for editing this paper.	0
Surprisingly, given the quantitative nature of university rankings, qualitative analysis and commentary predominates.	0
The focus group interviews took place during a two-day online workshop [6] in December 2020.	3
[Table 5 — Number of mentions by source and publication year]	0
These narratives were written in collaboration with representatives of the 13 countries.	0
For Q1 and Q4 (see Table 3), the average frequency per 1000 words of synonyms for vitality and sustainability are almost identical (vitality, 2.67 versus 2.63; sustainability, 6.97 versus 6.89).	4
In this paper, the author quantifies the publishing choices of a set of scholars to confirm this ecological perspective.	1
The Impact of Electronic Journals on Use of Print in Geology 33	0
1 Flag of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (left); flag of Montenegro (right)	0
Unfortunately, almost all of these claims are anecdotal rather than empirically based and none focuses on medical faculty.	0
Rather than treating fake reviews as a straightforward descriptive category, in this article, we explore how the discourse on fake reviews emerged and why, and what it tells us about its seeming antithesis, “genuine” peer review.	1
We combine a series of methods to identify and enumerate active nanotechnology research.	3
Code availability Rcode used for analysis in this study is provided as supplementary material.	0
TP = Total papers; TCP = Total collaborated papers; TFCP = Total funded collaborated papers.	0
In this paper, we outline two quantitative approaches that determine the cognitive distance between evaluators and evaluees, based on the journals they have published in.	1
6), compared to papers lacking such specific taxonomic names.	5
Participants were tasked with reviewing 16 different research practices in a manuscript as short vignettes.	2
For that reason, the AJRs should be "handled with care" (Wall, 2009) if we take into account that the “correct AJR” does not exist, which implies that all the published rankings could be criticized to some extent.	0
When looking at success indicators, we found that indicators related to openness, transparency, quality, and innovation were perceived as highly important in advancing science, but as relatively overlooked in career advancement.	4
Therefore, we employed the integrated diversity measures known as DIV that were proposed by Leydesdorff et al.	3
A new leadership position of 'assistant director' was created in both centers to handle the heavy administrative load.	4
This paper draws on literature pointing out ability, benevolence, and integrity as important for trustworthiness and explores the conditions under which researchers have confidence in grant review.	1
In the case of mentions, the estimated Gini coefficient equals 0.54, whereas, in the case of citations, it equals 0.41.	4
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/2050-3806.htm	0
Aim: To compare and correlate the publication metrics of English-language occupational therapy journals published in 2015.	1
The problem we consider in this work is how to capture the cases of semantic relatedness between scientific literature that are not captured by measures of semantic similarity.	1
Finally, to explore the effects of College research requirements on fostering the development of clinician scientists, we compare the scholarly output of dermatologists in the 5 years preceding and 5 years following the fellowship.	1
“On-site emergency treatment techniques” is a marginalized theme.	5
The top 6 disciplines account for more than two-thirds of the degrees: medicine, psychology, sociology, biology, biochemistry, and genetics.	4
General law reviews predominate in the databases primarily used for legal citation studies—Westlaw’s Journals and Law Review (JLR) database and Hein Online—and scholarship addressing topics of public law, especially constitutional law, predominates in general law review publications.	2
This study investigates the use, citation and diffusion of three bibliometric mapping software tools (CiteSpace, HistCite and VOSviewer) in scientific papers.	1
PubMed (Home - PubMed - NCBI ) was considered as our only tool as it is a publically available citation database and ensured consistency and accuracy.	2
Note: The symbols * and ** report significance levels of 1 % and 5 %, respectively, T-statistics are shown in [ ].	0
Based on the f2-methodology, a classification of the universities is realised according to their contribution to bibliometrics, the BIBL ranking.	3
Existing reviews of a half century of transport geography progress, its research subjects and objects are full of polarizing inequality and structural gaps.	5
To identify clusters of related terms, the software uses a weighted and parameterized variant of modularity-based clustering, that is the VOS clustering technique.	3
A total of 475 publications affiliated with Taiwan EDs appeared in EM journals and 735 appeared in non-EM journals.	4
In this brief communication, we introduced a new online platform, RPYS i/o, for conducting interactively both standard and Multi-RPYS analyses.	5
We also provide evidence that contradicts McCann's (2001) precocity-longevity hypothesis.	5
In the library context it is customary to consider annual statistics so that it is convenient to take one year as the unit of time in §1 so that we have	0
The results suggest that the process of software diffusion through use is similar to that of knowledge diffusion through citations in the academic communication system.	5
Indeed it might be argued that reporting detailed, qualitative data in a single study is ethically problematic as the perspectives of participants are addressed only superficially and their contribution disrespected (Jackson et al., 2014).	4
This study details the contribution of Spanish institutions to the specialised literature on water use during the period 1957-2014; the search yielded 42,655 documents.	1
LS, the cofirst author and corresponding author, designed the study and conducted the research into literature distribution related to RS.	0
Our results seem to question whether research in physics education is dominant in editorials, since the descriptor “Physics” obtains a return greater than 50% even in journals with a broad editorial line for science education.	5
The goal of this study is to empirically determine profiles of translational research using latent profile indicators which are representative of institutional contributions to science, public health, and economics.	1
We used the 'grammar and style check' of Microsoft Word to determine the incidence of passive voice and infelicities of style, such as 'long sentence' and 'wordiness', and grammatical errors.	3
The observations amounted to a kind of ethnography of meetings.	3
Bibliographic data, e.g., publication year, publication count, citation count, document type, authorship, countries/regions and institutions, were assessed.	3
The present study mainly aims to investigate and compare female and male Nanoscientists' approaches to the web and its impact on their mean citations, using the web-absent and web-present gender groups as the control and experimental groups, respectively.	1
PageRank computation was performed on a single compute node (specifications as previous) using an open source C++ based implementation of the algorithm [9].	3
I would like to thank Editage (www.editage.com) for English language editing.	0
In each case, publications related to public health emergency management have been the earliest to merge, followed by studies on virus chemistry and clinical treatments.	5
The obtained experimental results demonstrate that the optimization article ranking method can achieve competitive performance when compared to other unweighted ranking algorithms.	4
Communities within networks are more frequently defined by institutions and research interests on academic SNS, compared to research topics and personal interests on Twitter.	4
Thus it is different from correspondence patterns and the statistics of referee report completion do not have scale-free features.	5
The abolition of journal rankings was received with a sense of relief, with frustration at the financial and emotional cost associated with the exercise and with suspicion and confusion as to what would come next.	4
Scopus should therefore correct these attributions for past published items and avoid using the term “Article” for future items of this genre.	5
For added reliability, we have smoothed out the data over 3 years.	3
First, we trace the cognitive structure of NST over time by updating the NST dataset as described by Mu?oz-écija et al.	5
The research proposes a multi-layered “dependency-sensitivity-conflict" framework, introducing risk sensitivity and spatial conflict as new dimensions to traditional importance assessments.	5
Although limited to evaluation of a single case (N=1), this work demonstrates how retracted research can continue to spread and how the current information environment contributes to this problem.	5
A confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) was conducted to ascertain construct reliability and validity.	3
Regarding the total number of articles increased by year, Plume and van Weijen [35] calculated an average 6.3% annual growth from 1.3 million in 2003 to 2.4 million in 2013.	2
In summary, h-index research is widely distributed in terms of the journals involved.	4
Our seed dataset contains a total of 70,694 papers authored by 347,136 scientists from PLoS journals in the Medical and Life Sciences fields.	2
Another key finding is that a large proportion of the contributions to higher education literature is from “part-timers” that publish one-time only articles beyond specialized journals (Harland 2012).	5
Three datasets (DS) were obtained from the following search strategies:	2
For statistical analysis, the seven possible decisions were grouped into three categories: Acceptance, Revision or Rejection.	3
Although this seems plausible, our experience of networks with a larger number of starting patents showed that the historiograph formed from a few starting patents is confirmed and marginally extended by more starting patents, i.e.	0
The objective was to study the relationship between co-authorship and citation numbers, testing previous findings against a larger sample.	1
Coherently with our hypothesis H1a, PhD holders moving to the industry sector are more likely to have a LinkedIn account.	4
Before implementation of this stage, the values of the Pu, C, and h index</METRIC> (based on Scopus data) are 11,856, 44,187, and 71 respectively.	2
We applied structural equation modeling (SEM) techniques by using IBM SPSS AMOS 24.0.0 software to analyze collected data.	3
Specifically, conceptual structures were focused on the main themes and trends, intellectual structures in how specific works influence a scientific community and social structure showing the collaboration between authors and countries.	3
The collected words in their article abstracts were weighted according to the “term frequency-inverse document frequency” or tf-idf algorithm, the most widely used technique for information retrieval in texts (see Manning, Raghavan, and Schütze 2008).	3
To cite this article: Cristian Mihai Dragos, Vasile Dinu, Ciprian Marcel Pop & Dan Cristian Dabija (2014) Scientometric approach of productivity in scholarly economics and business, Economic Research-Ekonomska Istra?ivanja, 27:1, 496-507, DOI: 10.1080/1331677X.2014.974337	0
(2011): The countries in the cluster are tightly connected, “because each vertex has a particular minimum degree within the cluster....	3
Few envisage that transformational change will take place in the next 5 years.	4
If so, what are the implications for societal impact assessment of these fields?	1
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
While our techniques and methods vary from those of previous journal rankings, the findings of this study resulted in analogous outcomes further validating the conclusion that there are specific journals in communication that are more central than others.	5
Despite the absence of explicit gender bias among journal editors and reviewers, female economists were held to a higher standard in order to publish their work.	1
Notably, autism-related publications were retracted more often because of ethical misconduct rather than scientific errors.	5
Department of Probability Theory and Cybersecurity, RUDN University, Moscow (Russian Federation)	0
This low of 8 was closely followed by 10 manuscripts presented at the second seminar held in 1970.	0
The collaboration index of the articles was 4.83 ± 3.7.	4
Inadequate endorsement threatens the quality of reporting for observational studies.	5
The decision tree has shown that the number of citations is the variable with the greatest discriminating capacity.	4
We may thus approach the SQI as an interesting alternative in the assessment of individual scientific achievements.	5
The balance of collaboration, denoted as BIC(L), of a country L with respect to a group of other countries, is equal to the evenness Gini index of the weighted Lorenz curve of collaboration, expressed as a percentage.	3
However, the relationship between the two remains unclear.	1
Even though GS retrieves less full-text documents and thus functions with less efficiency, it is still a notable alternative in practice due to its wide intake of journals and documents as well as the simple fact that costly metadata systems do not yet function up to their full potential.	5
The results demonstrate that elevated intrinsic motivation correlates with enhanced psychological well-being, therefore promoting resilience and autonomy.	5
120) to efficiently deal with homonymy and synonymy issues, we carefully associated the country of work to author names.	3
Key insights from evaluations of this series revealed that the IR is a preferred platform for publishing.	4
*Tier 1: total citation more than 10 (exclude equal to 10)	0
A comprehensive search of the literature using the Web of Science core collection (WoSCC) database was conducted for manuscripts published between 2020 and 2022.	2
Thus, this study investigated the association between student demographics and research productivity amongst UK medical students.	1
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-017-2396-9) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
Hence, other explanations should be sought to account for imbalances between funding success of male and female grant applications.	5
Therefore, high-impact academic knowledge is useful for technology.	5
h index significantly differed between academic ranks except chairperson-professor.	4
female applicants are less likely to present their research using positive vocabulary, they are more likely to write with high readability, and they prefer concrete language.	4
Glyphostate literature (see Appendix F for a qualitative analysis).	2
Within this context, Turkish articles published in Türk Kütüphanecili?i (Turkish Librarianship-TL) and Bilgi Dünyas? (Information World-IW) journals, which are essential journals for Turkish LIS publications, constituted the main dataset.	2
However, the most popular bibliometric indicators, such as citations and h-index for scientists, do not consider multiple co-authorship and author position versus contribution (Hunt et al.	0
From all eligible articles, a random number generator was used to select five, with the first selection becoming the experiment (tweeted), and the other four becoming the controls.	2
Cohesive subgroup analysis is generally performed by convergence of iterated correlation (CONCOR).	3
The difference between two evaluation periods in terms of artistic output is not significant but the production of different publication types changed significantly over time: the average number of articles increased (0.13) and the average number of books and chapters decreased (-0.34).	4
1 Department of Library and Information Science, Gauhati University, Guwahati, Assam, India	0
In this paper, price's law is used as the selection standard of the core patent inventors.	2
Based on the maximum contribution to the 2-year JIF of different 2-year rolling reference windows, the second rolling window (references to articles published 2 and 3 years before 2011) made the greatest contribution to impact in 41% of journals.	4
Worldwide financial losses from phishing in 2015 were estimated at US$ 4.6 billion per year (Jain and Gupta 2017).	4
This study provides an insightful view into the prevailing international scenarios and upcoming research frontiers in healthcare TQM research field, utilizing bibliometric mapping through VOSviewer.	1
The first step consists of a process to systematically select search-terms from previous literature.	1
9 All the t-tests in this paper are conducted with single yearly values rather than moving averages.	0
Figure 7 shows that for both link removal methods(reshuffling and cutting edges), new disruption ranks have higher correlation coefficient between the ranks before and after link removing, indicating that the new disruption metric has stronger robustness than the original disruption.	4
The data set includes articles published from January 2009 to December 2011 (36 months).	2
We do see a small “inflation factor” as citation scores generally are somewhat lower for high-performing countries in the fixed set compared to the dynamic set.	4
The Journal Citation Reports, a publication of Clarivate Analytics that provides basic bibliographic information about academic journals, was used to search for each journal's impact factor.	2
Our results can help accelerate and improve future grant review processes.	5
To identify the outliers we then use a non-parametric “outlier detection algorithm” known as MAD (median of the absolute deviation).	3
To evaluate the quantity and quality of published vascular surgery research articles from the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries so as to identify areas for improvement.	1
To avoid the problem of author name ambiguity, we use the author name dataset obtained from Sinatra et al., which has been processed using a comprehensive disambiguation method in the APS dataset (Sinatra, Wang, Deville, Song, & Barabási, 2016).	2
These results suggest faculty members who perceive themselves to be mentors are the most likely to build relationships with doctoral students that provide the diverse experiences needed to develop responsible researchers.	5
To put it a bit aphoristically: those at the top of the list are readers rather than writers, those at the bottom, writers rather than readers.	0
The final journal ranking reveals which journals individually and in clusters are better at contributing to the development of heterodox economics.	0
We have used the F1000Prime data set to investigate the reception of expert opinions, which were published under their own DOI, in the scientific community (np = 114,582 papers with ne = 149,119 expert opinions).	1
The Social Science Citation Index and Arts and Humanities Citation Index were selected and used in the study.	2
The map was generated from the relational matrix based on the citation, co-citation, and bibliographic coupling formed by the nearly 20,000 publications (journals and conference proceedings) registered in Scopus.	2
(5) Are specific leadership styles of importance for research performance?	1
This study measures and ranks the performance of nations and academic institutions based on a 45-year analysis of international business (IB) publications, including 5853 academic authors from 1542 affiliated institutions.	1
The sample for book citation analysis were references (n=1,033,926) from research articles (n=35,501) published in 2726 journals indexed in Scopus, where at least one author was from a CEE country.	2
Changes in the number of articles and citations in Complex Networks.	0
To test whether this phenomenon can be explained by random behavior, we consider a surrogate time-controlled reshuffling of the coauthored papers of the collaborators.	3
The ranks obtained compare well with those obtained with the h-index and partially with the size-dependent Leiden ranking and University Ranking by Academic Performance.	4
We then conduct a regression analysis to study the set (or different subsets) of metrics which play a fundamental role to discern between CORE ranks.	3
The author-level Eigenfactor scores presented in this article measure the centrality of authors within the particular network (SSRN) that we study.	5
In this paper, we applied the directed, weighted, and self-looped network model of coauthorship credit allocation proposed by Kim and Diesner (2014) to an analysis of a coauthorship network.	5
In this paper, we have analyzed the patterns of co-funded research in two medical topics and demonstrated how this pattern varies depending on cross-agencies and cross-national collaboration in funding.	5
Salami slicing tends to be viewed as a negative, even unethical practice, reflecting an apparent assumption that one data set should be presented in only one paper.	5
The IEEE dataset is publicly available and comprises a total of 590,540 transactions, consisting of 392 transaction attributes and 40 identity attributes.	2
Using (1) the 118 sources that provide 50% of all cited references, (2) the 100 sources most frequently published in by ORNL authors, and (3) the 136 sources that most frequently cite ORNL-authored research, we see that exactly 50 titles appear in all three lists.	4
The data sets are compiled and downloaded from Elsevier's abstract and citation database Scopus.	2
While author rankings impact institution rankings; institution rankings are less predictive of country rankings, as exemplified below.	5
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Therefore, approximately 50,000 records were taken randomly from each scientific domain which resulted in the total amount of records in the acknowledgments corpus of 196,875 entries.	2
Based on the evidence that the ESCI has expanded publication coverage, primarily in the social science and humanities, this study poses the following questions.	1
By considering overlapping degrees of edges (i.e., co-supporting relationships) and corresponding positions of nodes (i.e., projects) in the co-supporting network, the algorithm shown in pseudo code 1 resulted in 39,252 teams.	4
Specifically, this study aims to understand the reaction of Chinese scientists to new journal list initiatives and whether and how these lists inform their actual publication strategies.	1
In comparison with a sample of international articles, post-Soviet authors publish a substantially smaller share of research articles, and articles about teaching and learning issues, student experience and outcomes, and academic work, but a larger share of policy-related articles and articles about system policy and history.	4
(1) To what extent does ICCI affect the scientific impact of interdisciplinary research?	1
The retrieved key terms are processed by a term clumping to remove noise and consolidate synonyms (Zhang et al., 2014), establishing a co-word network.	3
Globally, the total number of articles published in 2019 by the 53 MDPI-journals under analysis was 93,240, representing a global increase of 74.95% in 2018.	4
The conference proceedings of the Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL) conference were selected for algorithm identification.	2
The total number of publications in this data set was 25,134,073, which were then stratified by year of publication.	2
Of the contribution instances, the share of LIS is one third.	4
The aim of this paper is to enhance the empirical understanding of similarity indexes in co-authorship analysis, particularly in co-publication, a key aspect of network-based studies in scientometrics.	1
These networks were retrieved between May and August of 2013.	2
Then the feature space for the prediction task is constructed by combining the topic feature and some bibliometrics indices of articles.	3
As discussed in “Weighted citation networks” section, two main approaches are possible for analysis of weighted networks-direct approach and Multi-layered approach.	3
Authors are also thankful to two anonymous referees for their valuable comments, which have been extremely useful in the improvement of the paper.	0
Special thanks to Bernard Lightman, Michael Gordin, Angela Creager and the anonymous referees for BJHS for much helpful feedback on this material.	0
Research productivity, following Print and Hattie (1997, 454) has been defined here as 'the totality of research performed by academics in universities and related contexts within a given time period.'	3
The three equations (10)–(12) show that there exists a statistical relation between the total number of cited papers and the value of the corresponding index.	4
The external contributions may enrich LIS conceptually, theoretically, and methodologically.	5
As the experiment proves, LLM and LDA models can only measure research diversity at a macro level, while the knowledge entity-based model performs well in capturing the microscope differences between the content substance, which is more suitable for detecting and measuring the fine-grained content properties' state of being diverse.	4
The Institutional Repository is the commonly known means through which these universities promote and practice open science, although only 10% to 30% of the contents were made available to the general public.	4
The above observations can be deepened by the analysis of bilateral collaboration links.	4
A systematic review was carried out through a quantitative, retrospective, and documentary design for each student during the period that followed the completion of their postgraduate degree.	3
We explore whether there are distinctive language-related differences between submissions of high and low ranked universities and conclude that submission writers have a strong incentive to exaggerate strengths and conceal problems.	1
F. AFFONSO contributed to the collection, treatment and analysis of data.	0
Which institutions employ central roles in the network?	1
Data Availability Statement: The initial data for this research can be obtained from X.Z.	0
We observe very strong positive and statistically significant linear correlation (r = 0.95**), confirming that more prestigious conferences attract more submissions.	4
This assessment includes the general view of authorship, authorship patterns, author productivity, ranking of authors, visualization of the co-authorship network, comparison of strategic management co-authorship network attributes with those of other disciplines, the evolution of main components and core authors in the networks by period, discussions on whether the strategic management network fits with the small world network theory, individual network attributes such as degree centrality, Bonacich's power index, closeness centrality, and betweenness centrality.	3
The first dataset consists of 423,665 publications in the field of neoplasms, and the second dataset consists of 139,405 publications in the field of metabolism.	2
We analyze the w-index introduced by Wohlin (2009) theoretically.	1
Neurology-based studies were published more frequently than other pediatric subspecialty studies.	4
Therefore, we proposed a co-citing network algorithm for credit allocation (COCD).	3
This study uses Elsevier's Scopus because Scopus has broader journal coverage and higher social sciences coverage than WoS (Gavel and Iselid, 2008; Mongeon and Paul-Hus, 2016).	2
The algorithm uses the Walktrap method, generating six clusters.	3
In the figure, the bigger the word, the more frequent it appears.	0
In ERGM, model fit is assessed on the basis of the distance between the observed value of a structural characteristic and the mean of the simulated distribution of networks.	3
She is currently involved in an EU-funded e-learning project which explores how children and teachers across Europe can use digital online and mobile technologies in teaching and learning.	0
Since information production and use practices are rapidly changing, an assessment of use of the database and information needs of stakeholders was conducted, guided by the following questions: 1) What do individuals (researchers, practitioners, students, and decision makers) seeking aquatic sciences and fisheries information expect the global ASFA database will provide?	1
It is found that all those topics show a good alignment with FDA's funding protocols.	4
After the publication of Qualis 2017-2020 it was confirmed that the evaluation of BABT was in fact assigned by Agrarian Sciences I area, and in the evaluation report of Agrarian Sciences I area in the quadrennial evaluation 2021 [14], it was possible to have a clear understanding of all the criteria used for classifying journals on Qualis 2017-2020, and in case of BABT, it can be considered that the A4 stratum assigned to it is aligned with the method proposed by the documents published by CAPES.	5
Our findings showed that science policy has transformed editorial practices, but that there is no actual internationalization in Polish social sciences and humanities journals.	4
Conflict of interest: The authors declare that there is no conflict of interest.	0
The average citation rate was calculated with the method of dividing the total citations of a given publication type or a given author by their publication numbers.	3
Therefore, it is crucial to increase effort in other fields of research within emergency medicine.	5
We develop a theoretical analogy of academic feudalism in regard to three dimensions: power relations, engagement with companies, and the impact of structural changes on the autonomy of scholars.	1
The emphasis of the high impact papers is on the literature review – setting the context that the problem sits within – and the discussion – exploring the theoretical and practical implications of the research and how it makes a novel contribution to the existing knowledge base.	5
14 The interested reader can find more details on all the techniques elsewhere (Saltelli et al.	0
Table 1 provides an overview of the top 15 interdisciplinary sciences journals and their respective approaches to contribution disclosures.	0
It would be valuable to collect fresh data, which would reflect the current situation in the field.	0
In all, some 1306 academic and 1436 practitioner authorships were identified.	2
It is one of the most well-developed analytical databases, InCites from Clarivate company, including Journal Citation Reports (JCR) and Essential Science Indicators (ESI) sub-databases.	2
For analysis of the collaboration patterns, we divided all articles from the post-Soviet and international samples into four groups: (1) zero collaboration—single-author articles; (2) institutional collaboration—articles with collaboration within one organization (more than one author but only one affiliation and country); (3) national collaboration—articles with collaboration within one country (more than one author, more than one affiliation but only one country), and (4) international collaboration—articles with international collaboration (more than one author and country).	3
A total of 37,281 bibliographic records (all types of publications) from 2015 that had at least one author with an affiliation in Russia were downloaded from the SCI-E, using option “ADVANCED SEARCH: (CU = Russia and PY = 2015)”.	2
The importance of a study is often assessed using citation analysis.	3
4 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 2013	0
The recruitment procedure under study consists of a centralised contest to fill a number of positions opened in different universities.	3
Academic articles on robotics were largely classified into incremental clusters.	4
When examining access counts, publicly accessible articles had an increase of 170 access counts whereas blogging was associated with a decrease of 87 accesses.	4
The study was based on data provided by the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection and the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) Science Edition.	2
However, starting from the 2010s, a new very active group of animal social network analysts took the leading position.	4
Through a systematic analysis carried out on large-scale bibliographic databases and over observation windows longer than a century, we have shown that our method correctly identifies cases that meet the intuitive notion of SBs.	5
Citation: Martin MR, Kopstein A, Janice JM (2010) An Analysis of Preliminary and Post-Discussion Priority Scores for Grant Applications Peer Reviewed by the Center for Scientific Review at the NIH.	0
The 100 most-cited articles in neuroimaging were published between 1980 and 2012, with 1995– 2004 producing 69 articles.	4
While the USA and European countries are major contributors of ophthalmic research, the productivity of some Asian countries is growing impressively.	5
The large number of young researchers in Brazil can also be explained by the expansion of the number of postgraduate programmes, run by the Brazilian government in the last two decades.	4
Research productivity was assessed by assessing number of publications and time trend of these publications, names of journals, citation analysis, top 10 active institutions as well as country contribution to breast cancer research.	3
In ours sample, 39 of the 46 journals are included in the AJG 2015: seven in level 4*, five in level 4, eleven in level 3, twelve in level 2 and four in level 1.	2
This study provided a Bayesian model, which has two functions.	5
Bibliometrics allows researchers to explore the impact of a specific field.	5
The authors declare that there is no conflict of interests regarding the publication of this paper.	0
The retrieval of Leishmania-related publications contained in the Scopus database for the 2001-2019 period showed that (i) Brazil is the most productive country in number of publications; (ii) the growth rate in Brazilian publications increased markedly as of 2007, thereby mirroring the worldwide trend; (iii) most Brazilian publications were generated by few researchers and institutes, with FIOCRUZ highlighted as the leading research center in the world.	5
Introduction: The aim of this study is to analyze articles published in orthodontic journals included in Journal Citation Reports (JCR) to determine current trends in orthodontic publishing.	1
As expected, there were large differences in the years from the establishment of the department of nursing (range: 9–60), the graduate schools (master's course) (range: 5–49), and the graduate schools (doctor's course) (range: 3-47), but a variation in the number of teachers among universities (range: 20–49) was more than expected.	0
This article analyzes the existing collaboration networks in the Brazilian scientific output in Evolutionary Biology, considering articles published during the period from 2000 to 2012 in journals indexed by Web of Science.	1
F1000Prime is a postpublication peer review system of papers from medical and biological journals (see http:// f1000.com/prime).	2
The objective of this research was to explore the perceptions of researchers about the incentives that affect their own research activity.	1
We must continue to foster high-quality, peer-reviewed original research and innovations, to maintain our visibility as leaders in the aesthetic surgery literature and thus, a competitive advantage in aesthetic surgery practice.	5
This paper delves into the calculation and application of the NoveltyU method to shed light on its effectiveness and scope.	1
This paper introduces a theoretical and methodological framework for evaluating the temporal diversity of scientific knowledge, which pertains to the diversity of scientific knowledge across temporal dimensions.	3
Second, we investigate whether the effect of such co-authorship is differentiated by gender.	1
Taking advantage of the availability of such information, we analyzed 2580 articles that included reviewers' names in their PRH from 2016 to 2021.	2
We believe the Australian clinical researcher is not a dying breed, but an endangered one.	5
The primary independent variable of interest is the institutional rank of affiliation.	3
4 Should we use MeSH terms or KW Plus terms for topic mapping?	1
Nor are we able to observe that the duration between Nobel Prize work and the award reception (waiting time for the Nobel Prize recognition) is associated with changes in longevity.	4
What types of articles are recommended by Faculty Members?	1
The authors wish to thank George Boyce and Susan Henn of the National Research Council for their assistance in putting together the database.	0
This restriction is justified by the presumption that f(x) provides the number of papers considered valuable in output x.	0
The results suggest that JASIS papers and the research being published by ASIST members have some alignment with the field of knowledge sciences.	4
And, how accurately can these existing theories predict breakthroughs using only contemporaneous data?	1
In this study, we demonstrated that HCWs, working at the Middle East's most specialized cancer center, showed an underwhelming awareness towards the existence of predatory journals, were unable to identify most of their characteristics, and did not utilize precautionary measures to avoid them when publishing.	5
We also explore differences in terms of age, professional position, country income level, discipline, and commitment to OA.	1
The distinct difference in μ also confirms that awakened articles experience longer hibernation in citations.	4
The collaboration index of the most productive authors ranged from 1.36 to 7.22, but a direct relationship between the amount of published articles and the collaboration index is not appreciated, since Pieter published the largest number of articles and his collaboration index was 3.26.	4
Participants varied by research institute, thus representing the perspectives of various research disciplines (Table 1).	2
The Gephi software was chosen for network analysis.	3
This study reveals that free-riding is a universal phenomenon across the countries examined, though its intensity varies depending on the context.	5
With this in mind, the main objective of the present article is to investigate the terminology of predatory publishing as it is used in the scholarly literature.	1
Some papers appeared to be retracted, see the Quantitative Analysis paragraph for a comprehensive report.	0
Many researchers of the scientific community within economics share an orientation towards the natural scientific pole, while an orientation towards the social sciences is represented more often by heterodox economists.	0
Our extensive online search was performed utilizing the PubMed? search engine (National Library of Medicine, Bethesda, Maryland, USA).	3
We find that our models can more accurately quantify the research ability of scientists and institutions and more effectively predict scientists' scientific impact (the h-index and total citations) than the Q model and common machine learning models.	4
We have estimated an NBRM with fixed effects on graduating university and year of graduation with specific dummies (The relevant coefficients are not shown, but they are available from the authors upon request).	3
Our results on the Mendeley counts which we investigated for the post-publication reviews of the Faculty members raise doubts as to whether the expert opinions from a journal peer review procedure should be available in a transparent form (such as being provided with a DOI and the name of the reviewer).	5
The tool enables users to explore seminal works underlying a research field and to plot the influence of these seminal works over time.	1
Extracts from qualitative responses quoted below have been lightly edited, for instance to correct typographical errors.	0
It is widely rec- ognised that uptake by a broader surgeon base for wider indications can be associated with higher complication rates, but two other sorts of issues, arising most notably for new devices, have received less attention:	0
Co-authorship, when it is optional, gets its rationality from what we might call ‘the magic of logic’.	4
After cleaning data and considering that the sample data can also be available in the following sections in the Altmetrics.com, we select 33 international OA journals of China.	2
Of the 351 individuals who appear with a French affiliation in at least one of the Clarivate lists (2014 to 2022), we collected data about the Ph.D.	2
The global ten clusters of 11,359 journals based on 2015 data were shown in Fig.	2
The Exploratory Factor Analysis (EFA) method is employed here (Cattell, 1965), as it is an important method of mining a few latent factors representing the observed variables.	3
The findings showed that women tend to use interviews while men prefer theoretical approaches, across a range of topics.	4
This manuscript shows that the number of authors of scientific articles in the software engineering domain is increasing.	5
Many of the invitations employed language that emphasized the “ground-breaking” or “innovative” nature of my research, even when the connection to the journal's focus was tenuous at best.	4
Consequently, the Schubert–Gl?nzel's model psg of the partnership ability q-index appears to be superior regarding both its mathematical grounding and accuracy.	5
This study has three main limitations: (1) The choice of marker papers determines the set of cited references that are analyzed.	5
We propose to modify RS diversity into a new indicator (DIV) which operationalizes “variety,” “balance,” and “disparity” independently and then combines them ex post.	1
ToS is a scientometric tool which performs the citation analysis of a graph and shows the results in a form of a tree: root, trunk, and leaves.	5
The development of disaster medicine could be separated into 3 consecutive periods.	4
Some empirical investigations were conducted in order to shed light on these matters.	0
Due to the large amount of data, CLUTO software is chosen to build a coword matrix.	3
However, there exists an insufficient awareness of certain forms of academic misconduct, indicating the need for further reinforcement of the stance against such behaviors.	4
First, four other matching methods, including nearest-neighbour (NN) matching (1:1), regression adjustment (RA), inverse-probability weighting (IPW) and inverse-probability-weighted regression adjustment (IPWRA), were used to check the robustness of our main results.	3
Results, part II: characteristics of the publication patterns in the SSH: language	0
We hypothesized that there would be variability in the productivity of the institutions based on geographic distribution and age of the program, as well as variability in individual surgeon productivity based on gender and academic rank.	1
Papers published per faculty rose from an average of 0.5 yrˉ1 in 1981–82 to 1.7 yrˉ1 in 2011–12, with a large variation in publication rates per faculty across departments, reflecting the research versus teaching focus.	4
The combination of metrics and empirical observations presented here provides general benchmarks for future studies of interdisciplinary research activities in other domains of science.	5
The main objective of this study is to determine the potential metrics for ranking researchers in the field of mathematics.	1
To introduce our results, we have divided the authors into two subsets: the historical figures of Scientometrics (Table 2) and currently active figures (Table 3).	0
As a first example I have evaluated the publication data of 26 physicists from my home Institute of Physics at Chemnitz University of Technology, which I had previously investigated (Schreiber, 2008a, 2009, 2010a).	2
We test whether gender predicts the outcomes of editorial and peer review for >23,000 research manuscripts submitted to six journals in ecology and evolution from 2010 to 2015.	2
Traditional Chinese Medicine was seen more frequently in Chinese papers than in English.	4
We redefine sleeping beauties by referencing the criteria of van Raan's sleeping beauties, Costas et al.'s (2010) quartiles, and Mazloumian et al.'s (2011) "Boost Factor."	3
A detailed comparison of assessment practices between five dedicated organizations and other individual bibliometric experts suggests that corporate ownership and limited access to the most widely used citation databases have had a restraining effect on the development and diffusion of professional bibliometric methods during this period.	5
We now assume a Lotka distribution, in which the number of papers with Nc citations satisfies the power law, f(Nc) = f(1) Nαc , Nc ≥ 1 where a ≥ 1 is the Lotka exponent (Egghe, 2005).	3
In addition, the result of density visualization of co-occurrence network of terms shows that ontology-based internet information system platform of OGD, and relationships analysis among OGD, EG and RTI are emerging as major research priorities in OGD research fields.	4
This paper considers a single case of a university in the UK that underwent a restructuring exercise to improve its research profile as part of its overall aim, expressed in its 2010 strategic plan, to 'enhance our position as one of the world's great, broad based, research intensive universities' (Great Western University1 2010).	1
In the experience of majority of the participants, publication misconduct was common and often no action was taken.	4
A 'Sleeping beauty' is a term used to describe a research article that has remained relatively uncited for several years and then suddenly blossoms forward.	1
Here, we defined BSR as any publication with either an Animal or Molecular/Cellular score more than 0 (and thus a Human score less than 1) and we defined clinical/other research (COR) broadly as any publication with a Human score of 1 (and thus Animal and Molecular/Cellular scores both 0).	3
Articles that involve cancer research conducted in SA or using biological or clinical data from South African participants and published between 2004 and 2014 will be included in the study.	2
The findings of this study also indicate that the factors influencing knowledge transfer differ by generation.	5
Once papers are submitted, however, there is no observed bias in acceptance, with a possible small anomaly for one journal, Ecological Monographs.	5
Please also note that more faculty names are found in the IR than in the SR.	0
This paper asked how we can turn 'research quality' into a theoretical concept, which I consider necessary for answering advanced questions about the role of research quality in the production of knowledge by scientific communities.	1
Using a combination of both qualitative and quantitative methodologies, we created a list of twenty-three influential journals in the library science field and then gathered information about the authors of articles published in each of these journals in 2007 and 2009.	2
The impact factor values of Annales Zoologici Fennici in the years 1979-1999	0
The next section is devoted to the definition and study of two new measures of indirect impact of a researcher (journal, topic, ...) based on the single publication H-index.	0
1 Curves showing the yearly IPCh-indices of two firms during the period 1990–2005	0
All authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.	0
The 2351 journal articles cited were from 410 unique journal titles.	4
Journal article records can be accessed by the Microsoft Academic API with a query for the journal normalised name, combined with a date range.	3
We show that the most often currently used indices of bibliometric impact, like Hirsch's h, Woeginger's w, Egghe's g, Kosmulski's MAXPROD, and similar constructions, may be obtained by means of our framework.	4
[13] which was annotated by the actual citing authors.	2
The aim was to examine how the publication activities of countries have changed over a ten-year period (comparing the years 2008/09 to 2018/19) and which countries were leading in terms of the number of publications and impact factors (IF).	1
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International license.	0
An online questionnaire (presented in Appendix A in Supporting Information) consisting of five sections was designed using Google Forms to examine the perceptions of authors, reviewers, and editors on peer-review processes administered by scientific journals, unveil the related problems, and offer suggestions that can improve the most prominent problems encountered during these processes.	2
Therefore, the present study aimed to investigate the contributions of articles from three Chinese-speaking regions—Mainland China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan—to the field of spine during a 10-year period.	1
In place of the simple counting of publications, the method applied begins from the citations to the works, which are much more reliable in measuring the real impact of the new knowledge produced.	5
Using articles published by American Physical Society (APS) journals covering over 30 years (1976–2009) and through a careful and extensive author-name disambiguation process, we collect publication records of individual authors over time (Supplementary Note 1).	2
Three journals from both categories were selected for comparative analysis.	2
More than a third, however, could not define the terms personal misrepresentation, authorship, and conflict of interest.	4
The academic impact of publications involving partners from European and American countries was relatively higher than those involving partners from Asian countries.	4
The interviews were transcribed by using a simple transcription scheme and analyzed by adopting the grounded theory coding process.	3
The research tool harnessed in the present manuscript for extracting the collection of papers is the Web of Science database [16], also referred to as WoS.	2
It seems that this methodology has been accepted by the scientific field, evidenced by the number of published articles using this methodology in indexed and high impact journals.	5
Based on a sample of 680 “patent-publication pairs” (related sets of patents and publications) we show that, very frequently, one or more authors of a publication do not appear as inventors of a related patent.	2
The precision and recall for the types of reference relationships are tabulated in Table 5.	0
We first study discipline-level knowledge flow dynamics, such as dependency and diversity among the six business disciplines.	1
In figure 1A the relationship between the most cited papers and their number of downloads is presented.	0
First, H-index, Impact Per Publication (IPP), and SNIP play dominant roles in the SCML journal's quality evaluation.	4
Although the clinician-scientist was waning in the 1980s, the academic productivity of the surgeon-scientist remains strong based on the current data, with formal training programs for surgeon-scientists equipping trainees with tools to deliver meaningful impact in research and scientific discovery.	5
Personal subscriptions to Gastrointestinal Endoscopy Online are for individual use only and may not be transferred.	0
However, disciplinary and overall comparison of relative citations for both special and regular issues shows that intraissue averages and variances in the former case are respectively higher and lower than in the regular issue context, which undermines not only the abovementioned hypothesis, but also the belief that editors often “fill up” special issues by accepting substandard papers.	4
The study selected six widely used indicators in data mining and machine learning to evaluate the performances of our machine learning models, including accuracy, precision, recall, F1, P-R curve, and two-class cross-entropy loss.	3
Whereas, book reviews, meetings' abstracts, communications, news items, letters, supplementary articles and editorials were excluded.	2
Foreign tie strength is calculated as the average number of co-publications between an ego and its foreign partners in a period window.	3
The preferential attachment measurement, conversely, displayed the worst performance.	4
Table 1) COM concentration of males in the high-end subgroup, COF concentration of females in the high-end subgroup	0
In this article, our goal was to analyze the bibliometrics of all scientific publications in the field of remote sensing published by authors with Vietnamese affiliations indexed in the Scopus database over the last two decades.	1
Senior researchers are the most stable category with the 95% of them remaining their appointment.	4
We cannot rely any more on lists of “predatory" journals and publishers made on a judgment of a single person, even when these are made with the best of intentions.	5
ISBNs, titles and author names of 119,794 Scopus-indexed book titles across 26 fields were examined for fourteen variables including OCLC Library Holdings, Scopus Citations, Google Books Citations, Goodreads engagements, and Altmetric indicators.	2
1,160 different institutional signatures, 58 different countries and 398 scientific journals were identified.	4
To preserve the anonymity of the applicants, passages can no longer be quoted.	0
Thus, while policy has enabled mobility at all career levels, mobility itself does not necessarily lead to career benefits for the researcher.	5
Grouping and reclassification of institutions with misspellings and variants have been done.	3
Bibliometrics takes the literature system and bibliometric characteristics as the research object, which adopts mathematics and statistics to study the distribution structure and quantitative relationship; changes the rules and quantitative management of literature information; and then explores the structures, characteristics, and rules of science and technology (Qiu 2019).	3
We summarize the possible limitations of this study and provide some future research directions, including how to expand networks, the influence of author identity on networks, the appropriate number of authors and the diversity level of participants in a network, and the main motivations of author co-authorship networks.	5
Citations to the articles of a country in MIS tend to increase 21.22 or 2.33 times each time it doubles its degree centrality in the international collaborative network.	4
Collaborative research patterns at national and international levels were also investigated.	3
However, simply looking at the number of publications is not very informative because people began publishing, depending on their age, at different time periods.	0
We interviewed several researchers and senior journal editors and editors-in-chief to contextualize our findings and develop guidelines that could help both biomedical journals and researchers work more efficiently.	3
The objective of this study was to determine the top 150 peer-reviewed articles in the field of hypospadiology by way of citation analysis as a means to determine the importance/relevance of each contribution through 7 decades of research.	1
Both datasets used in this study were drawn from the PubMed Central (PMC) database, which houses biomedical and life science journal literature from the National Library of Medicine of the National Institutes of Health, with a unique identifier PubMed ID set for a large number of publications.	2
Cluster 5 located in quadrant IV with high centrality but low density.	4
Based on the above retrieval strategy, 1237 records were collected.	2
The purpose of our study is to examine how faculty members interact with their PhD students on specific responsible conduct of research (RCR) behaviors.	1
A statistically significant correlation between PageRank and citation count was observed (P < 0.01) with a high correlation coefficient (R = 0.905).	4
We employed Leiden algorithms (Traag et al., 2019) to find community structure from the knowledge structure similarity network, which is a refined version of the well-known Louvain algorithm.	3
Undergraduates (N = 99, 32 males and 67 females) of Purdue University Northwest were recruited from both lower- and upper-level psychology courses to participate.	2
The results show that the performance of the Andalusian public universities in the teaching block is better than in the research and technology transfer blocks.	4
EU researchers from different countries now publish papers in more similar research areas and the countries' research-area mix is more coherent than before.	4
We combine the NIH grant database with the Web of Science data, tracing their NIH R01 grant applications between 1990 and 2005 together with research outputs by the PIs, measured by their publication and citation records (see Supplementary Note 1 for details).	2
A total of 519 scientific articles from 247 SERVEI members working in 118 Spanish hospitals were included, an average of 0.3 articles per interventionist/year.	2
We assessed the current status of use of OA journals by Indian researchers using bibliometric analysis of data gathered from the Web of Science (WoS) – Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE).	3
We then conducted a negative binomial regression analysis for each citation index which further examined the hypotheses while controlling for the impact of other variables.	3
The most common reason for not using scholarly pirate resources were legal and ethical concerns (Table 6), followed by ignorance of their existence.	4
MeSH terms attached to articles published between 1970 and 2018 were collected from PubMed (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/) on November 11th, 2019 and included a total of 27,619,073 articles for analysis.	2
For countries, USA ranked the top, followed by UK, Germany and Italy (Table 6).	4
The bibliometrix package (Aria & Cuccurullo, 2016) was used to create a bibliographic data frame with cases (rows) corresponding to manuscripts and variables (columns) to Field Tags (metadata) in the original BibTex file.	3
This paper provides a bibliometric study of the effects of the transition of Medicine.	1
The obverse of the above is that we find another list of 16 schools which have global scores and ranks but do not appear in any of the 47 subject lists (Table 2).	3
Discussion period open until September 1, 2012; separate discussions must be submitted for individual papers.	0
Perhaps, the greatest challenges, though, lie in difficulties inherent in interpreting the results.	0
This investigation uses the conceptual framework of communities of practice (CoP) to explore the role that the NACP has played in connecting researchers into a carbon cycle knowledge network, and in enabling them to conduct physical science that includes ideas from social science.	1
Those results should be considered for deciding whether to use grant funding as a criterion for career advancement procedures.	5
Similarly, 83% (10 out of 12) of the manuscripts that were submitted to journals of lower “impact or quality” were published after peer review (Fig.	4
The literature review was conducted using keywords: 'Coronavirus' OR 'COVID-19' OR '2019 novel coronavirus disease' OR '2019-nCoV disease' OR '2019-nCoV infection' OR 'coronavirus disease 2019' OR 'coronavirus disease 19'.	2
RQ3 Are the readability and the length of a paper's abstract related to its number of citations?	1
The top 15 countries were then ranked by the number of documents per specialist ENT surgeon in each country.	3
In our analysis, we distinguished three different ways to consider the subject areas that could potentially describe the disciplines belonging to the scientific production of a researcher: 1.	3
We argue that this crisis is not entirely surprising given the methodological practices that enhance systematic capitalization on chance.	1
Among 3525 new edges predicted by our model, 3322 edges were found in real 2017–2018.	4
The result of a micro-level analysis on a cited pattern showed that some low-cited papers have high values in the traditional measure but low values in the extended measure.	5
Considering VOSviewer's official website as a baseline, online mentions to this website were counted in three different analytical frameworks: academic literature via Google Scholar (988 mentioning publications), webpages via Majestic (1,330 mentioning websites), and tweets via Twitter (267 mentioning tweets).	2
We sought to discover the outcomes of an intensive research initiative (IRI) on DSA in our department in a short-time interval.	1
The centers sometimes run undergraduate and master's degree programs in East Asian Studies as well.	0
Avneesh Chhabra serves as a consultant to ICON Medical and Treace Medical Concepts Inc.	0
The referencing contexts were compared and grouped in a process of midrange theory building from case studies (Eisenhardt and Graebner 2007).	3
Our objective is to characterize the family of all measure-based rankings defined on Smxn.	1
Our study aimed to evaluate the reliability and construct validity of the h-index as an assessment of research performance of basic and clinical scientists in the departments of general surgery across 6 Ontario-based universities including analyses of h-index by academic rank and institutional affiliation.	1
Moreover, some journals will be forced to lower the quality standards in order to be able to compete with journals of more biased editors.	4
Climate change, land-use change, groundwater, and landslides were the most popular research topics; machine learning and artificial neural networks were the most popular techniques studied in recent years.	4
The average annual growth rate was 18% (articles: 17%; CP 31%).	4
The mathematical foundation and implications of this method is presented in the Appendix.	0
Based on the findings of this study, it is recommended that there should be increased investment in LIS research by Nigerian universities towards a steady increase in sustained quality publication output to support national development.	5
Information on representative benchmarks in AI and the scientific papers associated with them have been obtained from Papers With Code (paperswithcode.com), the largest source so far hosting information on benchmarks in AI, focused on machine learning.	2
Thus, it can be concluded that the scientific community in the research stream of POM is progressively, if unevenly, increasing.	0
The publication window was set between 1990 and 2010, and the citation window was set between 1990 and 2019.	2
This general observation is one that we could indeed expect in a higher education system that is essentially non-competitive.	5
Considering that different journals may be indexed and then included in Scopus at different paces, we did not count citations in 2009.	0
The network of co-occurrence of words belonging to the titles of the publications reflects four main clusters that define the structure of the field (Figure 4).	4
Keywords Scientific paper · Citation impact prediction · Feature space · Multiple regression	0
We identify and interpret the characteristics that mark these most-cited articles.	1
(2) F1000Prime is a fee-based peer review system with a restricted access.	5
Our question is: what explains the variation in the citations (if any) received by internationally co-authored papers?	1
The map layout is based on a variant of a force-directed algorithm using Noack's proposal of an edge-repulsion energy model.	3
But it appears that they rarely contain critical or unrepairable errors (cf.	4
Moreover, the authors who received the highest number of citations were not always the first authors of the documents which received the most citations.	4
Flowchart depicting the process of developing the sample for the current study.	0
The analysis of the distribution of articles and reviews by OA models in this research study shows a slight upward trend for OA publications during the period studied (2010–2016), ranging from 6% to 11% and 1.5% to 2% for the Gold OA and Green OA models, respectively.	4
Additionally, the regional disciplinary focus in chemical and petroleum engineering is waning with modest growth in the life sciences.	4
1 aizoOn Consulting s.r.l., Strada del Lionetto, 6, 10146 Turin, Italy	0
The Consensual Qualitative Research method was used to analyze nine semi-structured interviews involving researchers with a long personal trajectory of interdisciplinary research between the sciences and the humanities.	3
Science mapping is used to explore the structure and evolution of a focal research area [27, 28].	3
1F, see also supplementary materials S2.4.1 for the statistical test of the data collapse).	4
The model for the study follows the power-law approach,	3
Five of these indicators are count data and were included in our analysis (the indicator HM was omitted from the analysis): (a) NC9620 (total number of citations received in the time period from 1996 to 2020), (b) H20 (the h-index at the end of 2020), (c) NCS (total citations received for single authored papers), (d) NCSF (total citations received for single authored and first authored papers), and (e) NCSFL (total citations received for single authored, first authored, and last authored papers).	2
The success-index s(x) = ha if and only if	4
In other cases, the type of contributors had to be guessed from the context.	0
Editor: Pablo Dorta-González, Universidad de las Palmas de Gran Canaria, SPAIN	0
The authors then discuss the various reactions of the researcher community to the introduction of Plan S, and elucidate a number of concerns: that it will push researchers towards a pay-to-publish system which will inevitably create new divisions between those who can afford to get their research published and those who cannot; that it will disrupt collaboration between researchers on the different sides of cOAlition S funding; and that it will have an impact on academic freedom of research and publishing.	1
The clarity of the Nature Index data presented provides a new and complementary tool for research and policy analysts, allowing us to determine which institutions are part of this growing global network, who they work with, and how their research contributes to innovation.	3
The study was international with ECRs recruited from seven countries - China, France, Malaysia, Poland, Spain, UK, and USA.	2
According to this study, we can conclude that the USA has had been leading the orthopedics research in the past 10 years.	5
With the help of these plots, evaluators can better understand the indices in a relatively short time.	5
We use the h-index (Hirsch, 2005) to measure the impact of authors' collaborators and the normalized standard deviation (NSD) of their h-indices to measure the impact diversity of their collaborators.	3
The lion's share of editorial board membership belongs to North American-based scholars at 69 per cent.	4
All top-cited articles were published between 1980 and 2009.	4
Among altmetrics, only views/downloads, readers, and followers are known to more than half the respondents.	4
Notes: p < 0.10, ** p < 0.05, *** p < 0.01.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 441 times since 2013*	0
The study is based on Scopus data which are also annually used for the SCImago Institutions Ranking (http://www.scimagoir.com/).	2
The publisher shall not be liable for any loss, actions, claims, proceedings, demand, or costs or damages whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with or arising out of the use of this material.	0
The collaboration network became more connected, more productive, and potentially more resilient.	5
Low extension endorsement rates highlight deficiencies in communication and dissemination plans for reporting guideline authors.	5
Then one can apply the well-known 'linearization method' (see Ref8, p.	0
Out of many, we have used Total Papers (TP), which is the total number of publications from the source, Total Citations (TC), which is the total number of citations received by the publication, and the Citations Per Paper (CPP), that is total number of received citations count divided by total publications.	3
Bibliometric analysis is an approach to research that uses quantitative techniques to investigate bibliographic data, encompassing citation patterns and publishing qualities, with the aim of extracting significant insights pertaining to scientific publications (Donthu et al.	3
This paper provides strong empirical evidence to explain the relationship between physical co-location and the likelihood of scholarly collaboration—which is fundamental to successful scientific collaboration today.	5
The final abstract sample includes 245 abstracts (20 AI-generated), with reviews conducted by both humans and AI.	2
In terms of citation impact, 8 countries out of 14 have scored more than the average citation impact (2.79) of the world, with highest citation impact (4.98) being registered by Italy, followed by Spain (4.74), UK (4.57), USA (4.38), Tunisia (4.22), France (4.10), Morocco (3.44) and Israel (3.25) (Table 2).	4
Consequently, we strongly suggest readers to be cognizant of these issues when interpreting the following results based on established and repeatedly validated scientometric techniques.	0
However, general audience does not have this neutral behavior and shows more interest to Nature (Fig.	4
In contrast, NAT researchers are positively affected by collaboration with clinical researchers in both hospitals and universities.	4
I then selected three indicators of post-misconduct research activities for those 284 individuals: indexed research publications, evidence of employment in a research or research-related setting based on publicly available institutional websites, and NIH funding for subsequent work.	3
The above analysis of publication outputs in the field of teacher education raises a number of issues regarding the value and utility of bibliometrics in research assessment and faculty appraisal.	5
How did contributors mobilize social connections to reach the editors for favor seeking, and under what contexts?	0
Semi-administrative, semi-individual: humanities scholars play in two different contexts—an administrative and an individual one.	4
Hence, the aim of this work is to thoroughly investigate the relationship between quantity and quality by means of quantile regression (Koenker 2005; Wenz 2019; Yu et al.	1
To better understand the survival rate of journals, the percentages of Active and Inactive journal titles are analyzed over time.	3
The rankings used are (a) the Excellence in Research Australia (ERA) 2010 A* law journals; (b) the ERA 2010 A* Australian law journals; (c) the ERA 2010 A* and A Australian law journals; (d) the top 10 Australian law journals according to Ramsey and Stapledon (1997); (e) the top 10 Australian law journals according to Smyth (1998); and (f) the law reviews associated with the Group of Eight (Go8) law schools, which tend to be the leading Australian law schools.	3
There were a total of 1135 papers published in IJUFKS between 1993 and 2016.	4
To contextualize the directionality of the relations to be explored in this study, we make use of the Ecological Systems Theory framework (Bronfenbrenner, 2000).	3
A bibliometric analysis approach was followed using SCOPUS as the main source of data and analysing the articles published in selected applied science disciplines.	2
Data on output and relevant citations are extracted from the Italian Observatory of Public Research, a database developed and maintained by the authors, derived under license from the Clarivate Analytics WoS Core Collection.	2
As observed in the past in other large datasets organized according to other classification systems, we find that, within each year, citation distribution shapes in our 172 sub-fields system are very similar to each other.	5
The aim of this study is to investigate the frequency of inaccurate citations (i.e., incorrect bibliographic information) and the effects of such errors on the IF of a specific journal: the American Journal of Roentgenology.	1
UK medical students are publishing a large number of Letters to the Editor in medical education journals.	1
As previously mentioned, the solid lines mean that the linked themes share the name: both themes have the same name, or the name of one of the themes is part of the other theme.	0
Third, different groups reported being able to balance the influence of accumulative dynamics on their practices to very different degrees.	5
Thus, the goal of this study is to propose a new algorithm called SAP, which improves the results in the leaves.	1
As a universally accepted, precise definition of a hibernator does not exist, we do not discuss if these articles are really hibernators.	2
We set out to clarify the open access variants provided by leading medical journals for research in general, and commercially funded research in particular, and establish the availability of the CC BY licence for commercially funded research.	1
School of Public Policy, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332-0345, USA	0
Checking for correlation, Spearman correlation coefficient was computed and tested for all pair of variables.	3
The discrepancy between average level of citations is by a factor 5 at a sensible level-8 breakdown (large academic disciplines), and by a factor 30 times or so at the specialty level (e.g.	4
Using citation data of articles written by some Nobel Prize winners in physics, we show that concave, convex, and straight curves represent different types of interactions between old ideas and new insights.	1
The inbody command was used on Bing as an alternate to the linkdomain command which is no longer available from Yahoo or Bing.	3
Problematic papers potentially originating from 'International Publisher' LLC are characterized by collaboration anomalies; that is, diversity of affiliations in each paper, mismatch between the specialization of the authors and the topic of the manuscript, and so forth.	4
The total number of tweets and Fb/posts collected from the 10 projects is 5,350.	4
During 2006–2015, the overall collaboration rates for domestic and international collaboration were 39.18% and 60.82%, respectively.	4
In conclusion, and to answer the research question on whether open accessibility matters as far as citation and research impact of health and medical science journals in India is concerned, this study has revealed that OA publishing of the journals influences the citation and research impact of the journals, but not to the extent seen in developed countries.	5
I identify two different institutional logics of authorship.	4
To validate that the differences are significant, a simple probit regression was run, see Table 2.	3
During the ANNs application process, a backpropagation algorithm is used to modify the weighting coefficients to minimize the mean square deviation between the network outputs obtained by modeling and the actual outputs of the considered model (Dreyfus, 2005).	3
This study therefore presents statistical analyses that allow the user to compare the performance of a university with a reference unit (such as another university or the average of all universities) in a simple way.	1
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Another bibliometric indicator expressing the citation impact of publications is the PPtop10%.	3
There are a number of purposes for which citation data could be used.	0
Top results for the query "jew" at Google on May 8, 2004.	0
In addition, 12% of the articles published that make up 24% of the unique journals in which these researchers published could be considered "predatory".	4
VOSviewer uses a unified approach to mapping and clustering.	3
Our analyses confirm that computer science is a relatively new discipline, which has developed—and is still developing—at a sustained rate.	5
[17] highlighted that the majority of journals in geochemistry allow authors to share preprints of their articles (47/56; 84%).	4
One of the limitations of this research is that we only measure the diversity between the researchers’ collaborators, but not the diversity between the researchers and their collaborators.	5
The first model we adopt is the Hecksher-Ohlin model.	3
All the statistical and diversity analyses mentioned in this section were conducted using PAST V 4.03 free software (Hammer et al.	0
The data show some scatter around the line which was obtained by simple linear regression analysis (R2 = 0.951).	4
Countries with large and equivalent scientific sizes, as well as economic sizes, are more likely to collaborate closely with each other.	4
The time duration, in this study, refers to the year when a candidate is nominated for the first time to the year when the candidate receives the award.	0
The communication/media literature yielded a total of 46,727 citations and 4,927 unique journal titles within during the seven periods between 1982 and 2012.	4
We assume here that the quality of the journal in which the paper is published can be used to proxy for the value of this outcome.	3
The data set was further subjected to manual selection to yield a total of 494 documents which were then utilized in the analysis.	2
Using the mean CPU of each title, the lowest-performing 10% (122 titles) were identified, reasoning that these titles would be most vulnerable to cancellation.	4
Materials used include four components: NTL images, IUSS statistics, a global steel plant list, and auxiliary data (Table S2):	2
The study was designed to elucidate the following research questions: (1) How can the interdisciplinarity of faculty members within SKLs at Chinese universities be characterized?	1
Related digital media are available in the full-text version of the article on www.PRSJournal.com.	0
Ultimately, this implies that some of criminology's most salient subfields are siloed.	5
We estimate that the treatment increases the probability of grant co-application of a given pair of researchers by 75%.	4
From the results, there is not a simple relationship between an expanding research system and increasing average research impact, at least relative to world norms.	5
From this sample of over 2,000 faculty, we consider two variables in the years before and after each academic receives tenure: the total number of publications and the number of “home run” publications.	3
Figure 1 presents the researcher mobility model that was adopted for this study.	0
We took the 180th day as the dividing point and observed the changes in article views in 150–210 days.	3
Since this study focused on the performance of altmetrics for journal articles in an established social science literature, we used Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) when selecting disciplines and associated journals to be studied.	2
The paper is structured as follows: First we review existing authorship guidelines and their applicability to CS.	3
Eighteen Nano S&T journals were identified using the subject category in the Journal Citation Report (JCR).	2
The Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation (GBMF) was interested in understanding the potential effects of requiring that grantees publish their peer-reviewed research in open access journals.	1
The evidence shows that collaboration networks are not only integrated, but they are getting bigger with time.	5
Worryingly, in the last quinquennium many institutions experienced a decline in publication output.	5
We thank our anonymous reviewer for bringing this important analysis to our attention.	0
For the second data set, binary logistic regression was utilized in this study.	3
The sample cohort features a considerable incidence of IF increases (18%) which are qualified as `invalid`according to this classification because the IF increase is merely based on a favorably changing number of articles (denominator).	4
To further explore the marginal effects of disruptive innovation on the societal visibility of scientific outcomes, this study employs quantile regression.	3
The purpose of this study is to develop a method of obtaining overviews of a scientific field for non-experts by capturing research trends simply and then to verify the method.	1
Of the 19,207 papers published, 1,667 (8.68%) are freely downloadable from an official repository.	4
To develop our argument exploring the role of the REF as an asset-like structure within University Departments, we utilise Daniel's auto-ethnographic experiences of running a UK University Department during the REF.	2
In 2014, F1000 provided one of us with data on all recommendations (and classifications) made and the bibliographic information for the corresponding papers in their system (n = 149,227 records).	2
The authors would like to thank Jonathan Bradbury for his helpful comments on this work.	0
As seen in Figure 1, the bibliographic data are well-analyzed by employing several standard bibliometric indicators, including h- index (Hirsch & Buela-Casal, 2014), h5-index (a five-year h-index), g-index (Egghe & Rousseau, 2019), m-index (Bornmann et al., 2008), i10-index (number of works with at least 10 citations), impact factor, total publications, total citations, citations per publication, citations per year, and citation thresh- olds.	3
Given the need for long-term evaluations of universities, we used ranking data from two long-standing rankings: ARWU which is established in 2003 and QS which is established in 2004.	2
Original studies which included subjects ≥ 18 years of age and published in English between January 2004 and October 2014 were included if they addressed both costs and clinical outcomes.	2
Principal component analysis was applied to the re-centered transpose of the disciplinary portfolios matrix (after the aforementioned clr - z transformation) in order to identify the primary structuring patterns of topics within disciplinary space.	3
Although research misconduct has not been attributed to organizations, the foregoing analysis shows that clearly it can be and what RM looks like on the corporate level, systematically orchestrated by management.	5
In this paper, the well-noted fast community-detection algorithm proposed by Blondel et al.	3
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The majority of citations are for proceedings or papers (175) found online, followed by those published as books (112).	4
A five- point Likert scale (strongly agree, agree, uncertain, disagree, strongly disagree) was used to assess the participants' relative agreement/disagreement with each opinion statement.	3
24 PUBLICATION IN THE MEDICAL SCIENCES — ROLAND AND KIRKPATRICK 1273	0
Further, to categorize authors' country of affiliation under different economic zones, the World Bank Classification Scheme was employed.	3
Bibliometric data of publications sourced out of a citation database by appropriate search queries representing canonical keywords c1 and c2 are provided.	2
The main goal of this research was to analyze the evaluation that Uruguayan researchers in the field of agricultural sciences undergo.	1
Thus, we aimed to describe retracted publications and their main characteristics (including some related to authors) in journals indexed in PubMed.	1
Potential interdisciplinary research collaborations are then identified by matching authors from different faculties who both have publications within the same research category.	3
To evaluate the cointegration among the variables in the panel data, Westerlund [63] a bootstrap critical value-based second-generation potential cointegration test was conducted.	3
Group 1 and 2 journals by number of corresponding authors in various publication strata.	0
We thus conclude our study with a call to the Brazilian Education community to aim at publishing in internationally-recognized venues, to use internationally-recognized parameters to assess the quality of journals, and to push policies aligned with such objectives.	0
Bibliometrics is the mathematical and statistical quantitative analysis of works.	3
[6] and [7] to compute the scientific fitness of the different nations and the complexity of the various scientific domains.	3
In conclusion, the declined from 5.9% to 1.2% rate of duplicate publications in Korean medical journals reflects the impact of the publication ethics awareness campaign.	5
The full DC5 model contains 38.73 million Scopus indexed documents through 2017 assigned to 91,726 RCs.	2
Conflict of interest The authors declared that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Finally, five representational strategies that can form the basis for representations that evoke trust and esteem to a researcher through their web profile have been identified.	4
These additional citations for the corrected paper support our claim that the corrected paper should have been retracted, i.e., that the literature was insufficiently corrected, which may have prevented the citation of this near-duplicate paper.	5
RQ2: How do researchers perceive their roles and contributions as members of an interdisciplinary research team?	1
Thus, to make a more accurate investigation of the research output from Muslim-majority science systems, this study only used journal articles in its analysis, which is parallel to existing studies with a similar methodology (e.g.	2
An anonymous questionnaire was distributed among 1232 Croatian scientists at the University of Rijeka in 2012/2013 and 237 (19.2 %) returned the survey.	2
candidates and supervisors, we find the odds of a Ph.D.	5
This paper investigates the field of Operations Research and Management Science (OR/MS) in China as a specific empirical area.	2
Besides, an increasingly high rate of citations from other MDPI-journals was observed.	4
The main finding emerging from the dataset is that self-citations are more prevalent among early citations and among papers that are less cited overall after five years.	4
The calculation excludes three articles on graphene with a “peak” citation of 4871, 1623, and 1389 and the number of authors 8, 7, and 7, respectively.	0
The PE score is a significant predictor of the amount of sales revenue that a video ad is able to lift.	5
The study exclusively examines 15,297 research outputs which have been indexed in the Scopus database from 2000 to 2020 (till 01 April 2020).	1
Received: 25 January 2016; Revised: 27 February 2016; Accepted: 3 March 2016	0
A significant increase of citations suggested that authors not only still respected the work of the authors who presented a novel research idea but also discussed this idea in detail in their papers.	5
Furthermore, 14 research communities in TES field were detected by this bibliometric analysis, and the top 10 authors in this field leading most of these research communities.	4
Publications were ranked in InCites by document and citation count to highlight existing institutional successes in pain research and publishing.	4
These results showed that the MDPI journals under analysis fitted some features of the definition of predatory journals (Grudniewicz et al.	5
To measure the stability of the ranking in each case, a Spearman correlation was calculated for the rankings of consecutive years (e.g., the journal ranking for 2005 was correlated with the journal ranking from 2004), ignoring journals with fewer than ten articles in the subject category for one or both years.	3
The purpose of this study is to summarize the top 50 most-cited landmarks and to examine the recent advances in the field of sentinel lymph node imaging.	1
Theoretically, social identity theory helps us understand the importance of shared leadership in scientific teams.	5
Of the 115 fellows to date, we selected all (34) recipients from three disciplines (English/ Literature, History and Philosophy) who received fellowships before 2010.	2
In the third section, I discuss the role of neoliberalism in causing a conflict between the ideals of research publication and academics' pursuits to survive.	3
In piloting the rubric with individuals at institutions at the foundation stage, one positive outcome was to explicitly and systematically surface insights that had previously been suspected, but not openly shared.	4
Research activity evaluation in French hospitals is based on the number of publications, author position (first, second, third, second-to-last, last, investigator list, and "Other") and journal category (A being the highest category followed by B, C, D, E, and NC).	1
The total number of ORI investigations performed over this period is not known.	0
This study also shows that books cannot be measured by the same metric.	4
Table 2 Iran's Impact compared to the world's in Engineering & Material Science	0
This is the first paper to explore the social sciences in South Africa, examining the interrelationships between the types of collaboration and the impact of research publications as measured in the count of citations.	1
Men publish more papers than women, both in terms of total numbers of publications throughout their career (table 1, figure 2a) and during the last 5 years (table 1), such that historical factors alone cannot explain the difference.	4
Cross-tabulation of number of references cited in original article and translation availability.a	0
For more detail on the data matching and cleaning procedures, see Kaltenberg et al.	0
The second is to propose a tractable algebraic example of this model that has a closed-form solution (i.e.	1
The main aim of the study is to help the researchers and academicians in understanding the available knowledgebase of the research field and its present linkages across the globe.	1
We analyzed all publications (articles and reviews) written in English from 1965 till the end of 2012 included in the Clarivate Analytics Web of Science (WOS) database (not including the Emerging Sources Citation Index, the Conference Proceedings Citation Index, and the Book Citation Index).	2
Five-year rolling windows are used to describe the network dynamics in each period (i.e., 2000-2004, 2001-2005, ..., 2012-2016), resulting in 13 snapshots of ego networks for each institution (i.e., ego).	2
18 The reader is reminded of the limitations as to coding, especially with respect to entries that are very small numbers.	0
Altmetrics is also a powerful tool to measure the societal influence of OA journals, but it cannot replace the traditional citation indicators at present.	5
The results and their respective discussions are shown in "Results and discussion" section.	0
To add to the literature on review contents and structure, review accuracy, and strategies that influence the review process, the aim of this research was to: identify the attributes of a quality peer review and peer reviewer from the editors' perspective; and identify valuable elements of training programs to be designed for pharmacy practice residents, postgraduate students, and new faculty, in order to aid peer review quality.	1
Funding: The authors received no financial support for the research, authorship, and publication of this article.	0
The greatest amount of research activity was from Egypt (25.4%), followed by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) (23.2%), Lebanon (16.3%), and Jordan (14.8%).	4
Using principle component analysis (PCA), three main components were found.	4
In other words, the research question of this paper is: whether considering different kinds of indicators can provide better ranking results?	1
The analysis provided in this study is based on the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) database of Web of Science from Thomson Reuters (updated on 26 June 2013).	2
The evidence on the effect of ability on the decision to return is mixed.	4
* Marilynn Oromaner has aided in the preparation of this manuscript.	0
The clause ratio of each article is calculated by dividing the number of clauses (i.e., a structure with a subject and a finite verb; Polio, 1997) by the total number of sentences to measure sentence complexity, and this indicator has been used in various studies (e.g., Ferris, 1994a; Lu, 2010; Polio, 1997).	3
Using data from over 12,000 articles disclosing author contributions, we then confirm that DoL increases with the size of the team (Walsh and Lee, 2015).	2
Given that the majority of the formally reported studies in the ICU that were over-read for quality assurance found areas for potential improvement and given that the majority of ED studies were reported informally, it stands to reason that POCUS operators in the ED could benefit from a formalized quality assurance program.	5
To deal with large-scale keyword objects, the high-efficiency, division-based K-means clustering algorithm is employed to aggregate different-granularity knowledge nodes; then, HCA is adopted to subdivide the minimum knowledge sets and verify the effect of knowledge clustering.	3
We also study delayed recognition by looking for SBs.	1
Individual articles were carefully reviewed to collect information on authors, their nationalities and affiliations, research methods, nature of data, study fields and so on.	3
For citation number, primary profile median was 1030 (IQR: 333–4082), combined profiles median was 1319 (IQR: 546–4439), and percent loss median was 14.1% (IQR: 4%–32%) (P < 0.001).	4
We speculate that the field of pediatrics is rather remote from systematic manipulations of IF through SC.	5
The year 2003 had the highest number of top-cited papers, with 35 papers accounting for 8.75%, a performance followed by both 2010 and 2002, with 34 and 30 papers (8.50%; 7.50%), respectively.	4
Thus, in short, the aim of this paper is to provide a practical tool to help authors choose the best journal for their research article.	1
The archival data were available at NASA's History Program Office in Washington, DC, and at other NASA Research Centers.	2
The CSCD classification system consists of 12 level 1 disciplines and 66 level 2 disciplines2 as shown in Table 2.	2
CONTACT Philipp Korom philipp.korom@uni-graz.at Department of Sociology, University of Graz, Graz, 8010, Austria.	0
The results were evaluated with the help of the Precision-Recall measure (Powers, 2011), where the Precision (P) is the fraction of selected papers that are relevant (in this case, the influential papers).	3
The size of the label reflects the importance of the concept, which was measured by the number of abstracts in which the concept occurs.	0
It was shown that Gl?nzel's (Gl?nzel 2006) simple formula [Eq.	5
We used JCR Science Edition for collecting Impact Factors and Modified Impact Factors (Impact Factor without Journal Self-Citation) limited to Iranian journals in WoS.	2
This circumstance means there is a need to consider impact in order to measure the importance of an author or institution, as it is clear that not all the papers published have the same impact or influence in the academic community.	0
Hence, the indices that we study are designed to evaluate authors or groups of authors but not journals.	1
The map shows the Anglo-American countries on the right side of the figure as similar in their collaboration patterns.	4
Data on the search volumes of the company names were collected from Google Trends, which is based on search queries users enter into Google.	2
The substantive results indicate that the AJAE is regarded as outperforming prestigious journals in environmental economics (JEEM), economics (REStat), and natural sciences (Science) in terms of career progression.	5
Libraries may be left with fewer funds and incentives to subscribe to or to fund open access in non-DEAL journals.	5
The 2-year JIF significantly associated with mean annual citations on Web of Science (p = 0.047).	4
Two straightforward methods to weigh author productivity from the publication and citation record were evaluated as possible means for providing a clearer assessment of scholarly activity.	1
In order to overcome this problem, zero-inflated versions of both Poisson and negative binomial models may be applied.	3
Through examining and comparing the anti-plagiarism policies of 16 universities in these two contexts, we have found that while some of the mainland universities still subscribe to a predominantly moral discourse on and, correspondingly, a punitive approach to student plagiarism, the rest display a mixture of moral, regulative and academic writing discourses and punitive, self-regulative and educative approaches, as they aim to minimize plagiarism through not only the imposition of disciplinary sanctions and honor codes but, more importantly, supporting students with academic guidance to enhance their citation skills and source use techniques.	5
2012), we include Law as a Humanities discipline, although this differs from the classification in the Frascati manual and the CERCS.	0
Reports of non-randomized studies and narrative reviews had a significantly higher number of citations in comparison to the baseline subgroup randomized controlled trial (RCT).	4
The purpose of this bibliometric analysis was to evaluate how collaboration between countries affected oral implant publications and whether patterns of collaboration differ depending on the country's income.	1
The records were extracted in text format and preprocessed through the BibExcel software (Persson, Danell, & Wiborg-Schneider, 2009), in order to perform the subsequent bibliometric analyses with the BIbExcel and Microsoft Excel 2010 programs.	3
Additionally, it was found that 23 Diamond OA journals have recently discontinued their operations.	4
El 21 de septiembre de 2023 se descargaron, tanto de WoS como de Scopus, los registros correspondientes a los trabajos publicados por Profesional de la Información.	2
To that end, we aggregated all publications at the affiliation level, and were thus able to reconstruct for each WoS category the web of cross-citations among institutions built in the 2010–2014 time period.	3
In the latter period non-United States authors were 37.3% of the total; however, fig 3 makes clear that the number continued to increase over the 1992-2017 time span, with the majority of contributors not residing in the United States in 2012 and 2017.	4
Our manual analysis shows that 215 papers were published in JASIST in 2014, with 116 containing acknowledgments sections.	4
Applying the OSLOM2 method to the CDM universe we arrive at a clustering solution that we find clearly preferable to the ones obtained with the Girvan and Newman's modularity maximization approaches.	3
To measure the cross-domain citations of articles and their authors, we adopt the ACM Computing Classification System (CCS) from the website https://www.acm.org/.	2
2 This does not mean that usage, all else equal, is a complete measure of a journal's value.	0
Se utilizó la metodología VIBlioSOM, basada en redes neuronales artificiales, para analizar la producción científica del INCan indexada en la Web of Science entre 2007 y 2017.	3
This paper aims to investigate the Iranian researchers' outputs from 1991 through 2013 gathered from the Social Science Citation Index.	1
Co-word analysis revealed five major themes Changing Regulatory Environment; Health Care Drivers; Competence & Role Implementation; Policy Context; and Role Evolution & Role Differentiation.	4
The top five topics for the number of co-occurrences are Topic 35: “models, daily, trends, variations, Italy, SIR, day, government, cumulative, implemented, ...” and Topic 37: “estimated, period, estimate, daily, Hubei, cities, rates, incubation, interval, estimates, ...”, Topic 30: “ICU, US, capacity, healthcare, cities, Hubei, implemented, province, January, peak, ...” and Topic 37, Topic 37 and Topic 40: “lockdown, distancing, contact, tracing, slow, infectious, economic, reduced, security, interventions, ...”, Topic 33: “learning, quarantine, AI, proposed, dataset, spreading, algorithm, deep, show, paper, ...” and Topic 37, Topic 30 and Topic 35.	4
The most prolific author and institution were M.	4
In order to statistically compare the altmetric performance of articles from China to that of articles from other countries, we used the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov non-parametric test, performed on IBM SPSS Statistics 23, to evaluate whether the two samples come from the same distribution.	3
We then acquired information on publications by these economists and all the citations to those publications up to March 2009 from Thomson's ISI Web of Science.	2
What is the presence and distributions of IS altmetrics across document types, subject fields and publication years for the studied sample?	1
Our main contribution relies in the adoption of a network approach allowing to uncover the emergence of a specific pattern when the network of scientific subjects is induced from a set of papers exclusively authored by men.	5
Bibliometric data help authors and readers assess the citation potential of articles published in a given journal.	1
LASSO selected nine predictors for future citation counts: publication type (review vs.	4
Investigating the performance of authors based on the productivity and centrality measures;	1
In total, we retrieved 585 articles in both regular and special issues for the period.	2
3 Conditions for the IRS/DRS and agglomeration advantages/disadvantages in terms of cost and production functions are given in Sect.	0
Finally, the seashore walk makes two additional predictions regarding an individual’s career.	4
This kind of cyclical development cannot be well interpreted either by using the linear model of achieving social impact or by a fully-fledged interactive model (Balconi et al. 2010).	5
3 More information about the Academic Excellence Survey can be accessed via http://www.shanghairanking.com/activities/aes.	0
A time-dependent centrality metric for disciplinary coauthorship graphs, the "Nobel number" for a discipline, is introduced.	1
2007) measures whether nodes with large degree (the “rich club”) have more connections than expected amongst themselves.	3
It is a journal assessment platform that allows a selective listing of journals of social and human sciences.	3
We used the SPSS program to calculate the correlation of these five indices to compre hensively examine the relationship between them.	3
The experimental results show that the proposed MM method outperforms all the baseline methods involved in most cases in two tasks: the overall prediction performance of a large collection of paper and prediction performance of a group of highly cited papers.	5
Here impact factor is measured with Thomson Reuters Impact Factor, Eigenfactor Score, and Immediacy Index.	3
Susan Lindquist and the Journal of Thermal Biology are the most influential authors and journals, respectively.	4
The main limitation of this research is the set of journals that have been used as it does not fully represent the B&M literature.	5
Overall, the statistics show that Chinese universities with medical programs have achieved some progress in research integrity construction while revealing some issues.	5
The results from his hoax experiment were shocking: 157 journals accepted the flawed paper, 29 journals appeared to no longer exist, and only 98 journals rejected the work.	4
* Lee DuBridge once said, “Whenever you find a highly successful group, I suggest you seek the cause of its success by finding a man or small group of men who have created the spirit of the place and who knew how to preserve that spirit.”	0
Finally, 27,380 publications were collected, and then the downloaded data were structured and stored in the database for analysis.	2
To identify participating institutions a second search was performed to find the affiliations of all authors per article through the link to the electronic journal.	2
In the subjects of 'Computer science, theory and methods' and 'Mathematics, interdisciplinary applications', the growth in the WSP of mainland China reverses the upward trend of worldwide IAP.	5
We combined multiple methods, including social network analysis and regression analysis, to analyze the impact of team size on research performance.	3
In sum, the class of measure-based rankings contains the class of rankings that have an additive representation.	5
The APC market is growing at about 30% per year, with overall revenue for APCs estimated to be US$128 million [approx.	4
Thus, the bidirectional change in 2008 represents a milestone in the development of EM research in Taiwan.	5
The highest collaborative coefficient is in 2005 and 2014.	4
We manually collected monthly downloads information of these articles from IEEE Xplore along with other metadata (e.g., article titles, date of publication, current version date, etc.).	2
Lastly, we aggregated citances to journals and calculated the average sentiment score for each journal.	3
In this study, we used the patent family database in IncoPat according to the classification of the extended patent family (Ciaramella et al, 2017) and used the title abstract search method to search patent families in the technical field of Polymerase Chain Reaction that had patent applications in 2001–2020.	2
We estimate a duration model of career promotion as a function of international research visits, taking into account past and current job mobility events.	3
Before implementing TOPSIS model, given factors should be classified as cost or benefit criteria.	3
Of the 319 surgeons identified, complete rank information was obtained for 308.	2
Given the volatility of this sector and the potential to find better and most cost-effective ways of publishing, budgeting and support for this sector should probably be considered as tentative and somewhat experimental for the short term.	5
Keywords Bibliometric study · Citation analysis · Subject analysis · Knowledge output Information science journal	0
In this study, we have compiled a comprehensive scientific database comprising more than 3.5 million papers from over 180 countries.	1
They report having faced four major issues: (a) unclear scope of the concept of “technological output”, (b) challenging verification of originality, (c) unfeasible assessment of social impact, and (d) limited availability of information.	4
Further, social science journals are found to be cited with higher sentiment, followed by engineering and natural science and biomedical journals, respectively.	4
Base on such semantic representations of articles, we apply two standard clustering methods, K-Means and the Louvain community detection algorithm, which leads to our two clustering solutions labelled as OCLC-31 (standing for K-Means) and OCLC-Louvain (standing for Louvain).	1
We first identified all documents coauthored by at least one investigator from a Spanish institution (country field = Spain) between 2001 and 2015 in journals included in the category Information Science & Library Science (IS&LS) in the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) database of the Web of Science (WoS).	2
The specific objectives of the current research were to (1) identify the influential words in hospitality research through word frequency, using LDA; (2) describe the topic distribution using LDA to examine the longitudinal time span in the hospitality intellectual structure; (3) identify the intellectual structure of the hospitality literature using TNA; and (4) pinpoint newly emerging research areas and propose potential research directions in hospitality.	1
The correlation coefficients of FD1, FD2 with FD3 are 0.831 and 0.798.	4
The statement that received the strongest support was that there is a bias against highly original work when it contradicts the work of the referee.	4
The medalists begin to “play the field,” studying unfamiliar topics at the expense of writing papers.	5
Consistent with RQ2, this section analyses co-authorship network among various countries and identify the most productive countries for research on the topic.	3
It is noted that by total count, South Africa is the most prolific, followed by Egypt, then Tunisia, Algeria and Nigeria.	4
Instead of sourcing in mathematical statistics, some multidisciplinary journals such as Nature, Science, and Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, USA serve as important information sources for scientometrics.	5
This article advances the use of SNA methods in systematic literature reviews by demonstrating how more advanced applications of SNA tools can be deployed to understand the evolution of ambiguous ideas that transverse knowledge communities.	5
In this paper we develop techniques for identifying common patterns in the evolution of scientific fields and demonstrate their usefulness using 1.5 million preprints from the arXiv repository covering 175 research fields spanning Physics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Quantitative Biology and Quantitative Finance.	1
The purpose of this article is to theoretically outline and empirically test two contribution-based indicators: (1) the scholars' annual contribution-based measurement and (2) the annual contribution modified h-index, computing six criteria: total number of papers, computed SCImago Journal Rank values, total number of authors, total number of citations of a scholar's work, number of years since paper publication and number of annual paper citations.	1
Slightly more titles in hard disciplines contain punctuation than do those in soft disciplines.	4
Individual article searches in Google Scholar were used to compile the list in August 2021.	2
We determine the degree of relatedness by means of the topics co-occurrence network and explore the evolving dynamic processes of scientific relatedness which indicates decreasing patterns in the two countries.	3
Bibliometric indexes of all candidates qualified in the three first sessions (2012, 2013, and 2016) were retrieved from the Scopus database.	2
Furthermore, in contrast to analyses based on subscription databases, analyses based on PMDB can be released without restriction for the entire community to verify and build on.	5
There were 497 240 articles published in 191 pediatric journals between 1945 and 2010.	2
71% of respondents were postgraduate research students, 7% early career, 14% mid-career, and 8% late career.	2
The relationship between index time and the journal and publisher;	1
This study is based on the citation distribution of papers published by the American Physical Society (APS), the American Mathematical Society (AMS), the European Mathematical Society (EMS), and the Institute of Physics (IOP) in the years 1980 – 2008 and indexed in Thomson Reuters Journal Citation Reports, Science Edition 2012.	2
Table 1 shows the results of regressions, which provide a sense of the statistical significance of the changes in overall and home run publication rates shown in Figure 1.	3
At the top of the rankings we find a university that employed only 2 professors in the SDS but with an outstanding production of HCAs (P_HCAs of 13.85).	4
Based on these entities, the study examines the evolution of LIS research methods from three dimensions: the characteristics of research method entities over time, their evolution within different research topics, and the evolutionary features of research method entities across various research methods.	1
Of the 17 cited concepts that were identified, the concept of “Zipf's law” was cited most (64.8%), followed by “the principle of least effort” (24.5%).	4
For the details of the novelty calculations, we refer the reader to "Appendix 2".	0
The analysis provided in this study is based on the SCI-EXPANDED database of the Web of Science Core Collection from Thomson Reuters (updated on July 27, 2015).	2
Rather, it is—in its current functionality—a structural configuration for the externalization of the costs and risks of early-stage biopharmaceutical research and development onto universities.	4
In general, non-cultivated tree species were both studied more and cited more often, by authors from differing countries, and with emphasis on different tree processes, stress types and research areas, and published in different journals than research in cultivated tree species.	5
The correlation between Alpha centrality and inward citation becomes stronger, the closer the time windows moves to recent periods and approaches values in the order of 0.9.	4
We produced a Plagiarism Scoring Rubric to categorize 127 plagiarism combinations out of the seven plagiarism dimensions' composites.	3
This importantly suggests that journals offering OA to authors, despite an altered business model, continue to maintain the standards in publication within OMFS.	5
Received 18 September 2020; Received in revised form 4 December 2020; Accepted 13 January 2021	0
The measure we have chosen is Ireland's performance in the country ranking, ordered by 'cites'22, and over the period of 1996 to 2014.	2
It is further found that males and females prefer to collaborate with authors of the same gender.	4
This work is supported by the "Youth Innovation Team Project" of the Higher Education Institutions under the Shandong Provincial Department of Education (No.	0
We extracted publication information for the top five most cited research works by each author/profile.	2
However, citation count is susceptible to well-documented variations in citation practices across time and discipline, limiting our ability to compare different scientific achievements.	1
The proposed model embeds three arbitrary conventions: i) the cap value of a single citation; ii) the exponential function to allow for a wide continuum on which the conversion between citations (i.e.	3
In addition, we acknowledge Johnny Carson for his manuscript review and dedication to the Evening of Scholarship over the past 20 years.	0
The quality of evidence contained within the articles was assessed according to the Sackett scoring system [7] and the Oxford Evidence Based Medicine scoring system [8].	3
Thirdly, correlational analyses have been applied to investigate different contributions to research excellence of the different funding streams.	3
However, a number of researchers and scholars have argued that China-US trade war disrupted the global supply chain, reduced carbon emissions in the trade process, and favored the quality of the global environment (Liu et al., 2020a; Wang et al., 2024a).	0
Bibliographic coupling is when two different works refer to a third work and co-citation is when two separate documents are referenced by a third document (Mas-Tur et al.	3
The paper concluded on the need for increased funding for research by the Nigerian government as well as both for-profit and not- for-profit organisations within the country as a way to achieving any developmental objectives set by the government.	5
Do the university-aggregated altmetrics can boost the power of the universities' scores in the single-faceted ARS in predicting their future scores in the multi-faceted ARS?	1
Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	0
In comparison with the rankings in Table 1 that are based on 2YIF, only two journals remain unchanged in Table 4, namely Econometrica at number 1 and the Review of Economics and Statistics at number 2.	4
Here we show a novel technique for comparing subject categories, where the prestige of academic journals in each category is represented statistically by an impact-factor histogram.	1
The majority of the participants (68, 85.0%) had never been invited through an ASNS to collaborate for scientific knowledge building, while very few of them (12, 15.0%) had been invited to do so.	4
Javier Tarango, Calle José de Gálvez 6707, Rincones de San Francisco, Chihuahua 31115, Chihuahua, Mexico.	0
Sarah Mendoza-Parra Departamento de Enfermería, Facultad de Medicina, Universidad de Concepción, casilla 160 C, Concepción, Chile.	0
The results underline the importance of normalizing citation data, and for taking citation inflation into account when conducting citation analyses expanding different fields, document types, and longer time-periods.	5
What are the most frequently used terms of the publications with the strongest cognitive relatedness to a focal topic (i.e.	1
This work was first published as a proceedings paper in the Proceedings of the 12th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics.	0
Our sample covers 19,335 students graduating with PhD degrees in chemistry from U.S. universities between 1999 and 2008.	2
This paper describes and discusses the phenomenon 'predatory publishing', in relation to both academic journals and books, and suggests a list of characteristics by which to identify predatory journals.	1
As this research shows, Conference SIs, MonoSIs, and RIs represent distinct issue types, both in terms of topicality and impact.	5
(b) Determine countries publication share in predatory OA journals.	1
Figures 1 and 2 also reveal that Salton follows a concave (the curve is entirely located below its tangents) increasing function of Jaccard for both individual and country co-authorship cases.	4
In conclusion, and to answer the research question on whether open accessibility matters as far as citation and research impact of health and medical journals in Africa is concerned, this study has revealed that OA access publishing of the journals greatly influences the citation and research impact of the journals.	5
The Sci-Hub effect revealed the importance of access by showing how Sci-Hub almost doubles the citations of articles accessed through it.	5
Drawing upon ethnographic and interview data, this paper examines how the notion of interdisciplinarity was practiced in two federally-funded Centers for Nanotechnology in Society.	1
Statistical analysis consisted of detection of differences in postretraction changes in average monthly citation levels, performed by comparison of means testing.	3
The analysis of the leadership role of the countries, measured by the frequency of lead authorships, shows limited participation by MHD/LHD countries.	4
The research found 1091 articles published in IJUFKS between 1995 and 2016.	2
South Asia is dominating followed by Southeast Asia and Middle East.	4
In order to answer the research questions that were stated in the introduction, we analyzed the annual citation profile of the 1985 Physics Nobel Prize paper, the topics, authors, and authors' countries of the citing papers.	5
Keywords were identified using WordSmith Tools 6 (Scott, 2012).	3
Thus, the first awakening of the SBPF was more inclined to wake up through citations between patent families (Fig.	4
Again, the effect of the interaction term is to change the sign of the estimated relationship between the number of citations received and the number of references used.	0
After cleaning the data, we have 1,523 authors and 106,016 papers.	2
Research internationalization is a powerful stratifying force, causing both vertical between-institution differentiation and horizontal within-institution segmentation across faculties.	5
To answer research questions and test our hypothesis, we implemented different statistical techniques: (1) Chi-Square goodness of fit test, assuming equal proportions (RQ1a), and unequal proportions (RQ1b), (2) Chi-Square test of independence aka R × C table (RQ2a and RQ2b), and (3) Hierarchical Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regression, (Hla, H1b, H2a, and H2b).	3
The results show that articles co-authored by researchers from Germany or the Netherlands are less likely to be among the globally most highly-cited articles if they also cite "domestic" research (i.e.	4
Table 3 shows the average shortest distance among the seven specialties.	0
Our results reveal how applying the MMM to the SUS, based on the metric evaluation and the ranking monitor model, deteriorates research quality, students' levels of education and working people's well-being at university.	4
This part compares the periods (1976–1995) and (1996–2015).	1
Each of these points toward an avenue for future scientometrics study.	0
A particular type of dubious affiliations, known as Solo Show, is especially pronounced between the US and China, highlighting the distinctive nature of their pattern of collaboration.	4
Results show that the use of monographs in these journals has been outpaced by references to journal articles by a ratio of 5 to 1.	4
4) VOSviewer: A software tool used for constructing and visualizing bibliometric networks.	3
As none of the samples followed the normal distribution, we adopted Spearman correlation analysis.	3
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
The MNCS bootstrap confidence intervals are accurate for low values of σ (Fig.	4
Science and Public Policy, volume 18, number 5, October 1991, pages 319-326, Beech Tree Publishing, 10 Watford Close, Guildford, Surrey GU1 2EP, England.	0
The data set spans from year 1900 to 2013 and contains about 76,000 journals, approximately 5.5M articles, and about 630M citations in total.	2
A total of 65% of survey responders reported their current position as being in academia full time (Figure 1A); 80% were in academia, the NIH, a federal agency other than the NIH, research institutes, or industry.	4
Integration of GO and Inter-Pro is performed by using InterPro2GO mapping[16], which is the manually generated crossreferences between InterPro and GO.	2
Before calculating the average distribution density p of research method entities, we utilized the BERT Tokenizer tool to tokenize both the original text of the chapters and the text of the research method entity terms, transforming them into token sequences.	3
In the second part of our study, we analyzed the scientific production in Scopus of the Mexican HEIs, during a five-year period from 2007 to 2011.	2
The dataset included more than 27,000 articles of interest, published by 34 different journals in the field of manufacturing engineering field, with more than 112,000 citing papers issued in the time-window from 2006 to 2012.	2
7, both the USA and China have displayed a decrease in relatedness.	4
Furthermore, we have evaluated the proposed approach with the co-citation approach and citation proximity analysis (CPA) approach on a dataset acquired from CiteSeer.	1
The figure reveals that the cited journals can be grouped into four clusters of “Transportation Theory and Methodology”, “Transport Economics and Policy”, “Net- work”, and “Safety” related journals.	4
The time frame for scientific production and citations cover from 1999 to 2015.	2
Can we identify a specific usage style on Twitter by computer scientists for the sharing of web links?	1
The Netherlands has an odds ratio smaller than 1, unlike the results for Germany.	4
is the citation count of paper i and l?	3
It consists of three steps: Pose a question, collect data to answer the question, and present an answer to the question”.	0
Of course, the relationship between Impact Factor and quality of research is complex but the dominance of this measure in the mindsets of universities will be well known to readers of this journal.	0
Since the end users of the institutional repository can be anyone from a researcher to a student, we recruited two users from each of three user persona categories for the usability test of the repository: two researchers, two library students, and two librarians.	2
A Spearman's rho was used to compare the frequency of @-symbols used in tweets by 'others' versus tweet's made by publishers.	3
To develop our collaboration network analysis method and to assess the association between structural position and researchers' productivity and influence, we used data from a Canadian provincial research network, hereinafter called the RN.	2
Co-occurrence of authors' keywords has revealed that Optimization, Simulation, Scheduling, Model Predictive Control, Process Synthesis, Process Control, Uncertainty and Modelling are the most often used keywords by the authors in their CCE publications.	5
Therefore, we follow the True Diversity (TD) indicator proposed in Zhang et al.	3
Following this method, the research topics in the interdisciplinary field were ultimately categorized into four main topics (as summarized in Table 1).	4
For the first set of research focus areas, data were gathered using a software that was developed for this study.	3
This relies on the WoS Subject Categories to proxy disciplines.	3
We proceed along this line in a project in which we further explore possibilities to study knowledge transfer between disciplines by analysing cross-disciplinary citations in research literature.	0
This procedure consists in (1) repeating the omitted-citation-rate analysis on the same sample of (cited and citing) articles, but in different-time sessions, and (2) observing any variation in the results.	3
Second, the intensive use of a journal with predatory features over the last 5 years, therefore cites/document measure is at the lowest point of the past 17 years.	4
Between 28 May and 15 June 2015, 1191 subjects (female: 55%; <45 years of age: 63%; doctors: 81%, pharmacists: 9%; hospital practitioners: 51%; academics: 25%) anonymously completed the questionnaire (response rate, 17%).	2
Received January 20, 2011; revised February 16, 2011; accepted March 8, 2011	0
All publication information that we collected was ranked by its SCImago Scientific Journal Ranking (SJR) which is a size-independent citation rate (scimagojr.com/aboutus.php).	3
We also consider three other proxies of applicant quality and qualifications: teaching experience (in years), state licensure scores (WEST-B average, math, reading and writing, all standardized statewide) and, for applicants hired in Washington State, estimates of teacher value added to achievement of their students in mathematics and reading.	2
Based on the main findings, we then developed five propositions for future studies to empirically test.	5
A correlation analysis (Spearman's rank correlation) shows that the number of produced faculty members by each school is highly correlated (i.e., a correlation coefficient of 0.73) with its US News ranking.	4
For computing the parameters' significance, bootstrapping with 500 replications for the general model and each thematic area was used.	3
The model results illustrated in Figure 2 accounts for a large amount of the variance found in depressive symptoms (65%), life satisfaction (55%), publishing performance (34%) and work-family conflict (27%).	4
To this end, I analyse historical context, policy intent and implementation.	3
The main conclusion is that respiratory disease research is seriously under-funded.	5
To explore students' plagiarism in higher level education, we designed a quantitative study and collected data from enrolled university students from Islamabad, the capital city of Pakistan.	1
Since the method achieved less than 100% recall on all but 3 of the 23 reviews, and since the goal of a systematic review is to achieve 100% recall, it is unlikely that the proposed method could replace term-based searching for systematic reviews.	5
First, to design and develop a method oriented to the identification and massive extraction of embedded links in patents.	1
A dual score system that simultaneously evaluates the relative importance of authors and their papers from a given author-paper-citation heterogeneous network allowed us to derive separately an observed or actual citation score for each paper, an expected score for each paper based on the author scores and therefore a relative paper score for each paper.	5
Institutions and their authors behave in ways that they believe will maximize their RAE scores	0
In the remaining cases (i.e., Germany, UK, China, USA for individual small subject categories) bootstrapping MNLCS confidence intervals should be used instead.	5
Most of the cited papers/patents were only mentioned once.	4
sustainable, green and renewable, generate studies meant for greening the society by focusing on similar sub-themes, as well as different ones in terms of approach.	5
Almost two-thirds of respondents (62.9%, 134/213) were involved in a research project during their training programme, with 68.8% (86/125) of those involved in research also having experience with manuscript submission (table 4).	4
First, the results obtained from the first regression model indicated that age only had an effect on relative productivity for scientists from 40 to fewer than 50 years old.	5
Social network analysis was used to explore the scientific collaborations among authors, institutions, and countries/regions in the NLP-enhanced clinical trial research field.	3
The dissemination was started on March 31st 2017 and ended on May 17th 2017.	2
Increased awareness of predatory characteristics among orthodontic clinicians and academics would be beneficial.	5
The analyses of obsolescence include median citation age and mean citation age.	3
WoS found to have the best consistency in citation coverage in most of the investigated subject areas.	4
As a first step, in order to test whether depth and breadth relevance are indeed relevant, we use OLS to regress the institution ranks of authors on a depth relevant citation metric (σ = 2) and on a breadth relevant one (τ = 0.5).	3
Prevalence of QRPs ranged from 0.6% (95% CI: 0.5, 0.9) to 17.5% (95% CI: 16.4, 18.7) with 51.3% (95% CI: 50.1, 52.5) of respondents engaging frequently in at least one QRP.	4
For each title we extracted the number of characters in the title, the number of uncommon words and whether the title was declarative.	3
In general, a total of 7899 articles related to neuropsychiatric disorders have been published in the last ten years (2011-2020).	4
We then applied the k-means clustering algorithm [30] to categorize authors in terms of career impact.	3
First, Column 9 shows significant correlations between the proposed measures and the self-reported newness score, while Column 10 shows insignificant or negatively significant correlations with the self-reported improvement score.	4
We conclude that LAS has a promising future with the potential for a wide range of applications that address significant challenges facing law and business.	5
citation matching), but may also hinder information retrieval activities and bibliometrics analyses.	1
The first category pair is a surprise: the target category Government Administration and the citing category Public Administration have the highest network similarity value, meaning that not only do these two categories have more common authors but also these same authors contribute similarly in these two networks.	4
After several corrections, the raw dataset includes 6,389 doctoral dissertations published from 1960 to 2007.	2
The first step is the search and download of USPTO patents.	3
As impactology becomes more professionalised and bureaucratised, it is important to guard against expedient pressures to save time and money by pursuing impact metrics at the expense of more appropriate and nuanced assessment approaches.	5
The quantity and quality of publications from Arab countries in addition to 3 other Middle East countries (Turkey, Iran and Israel) were assessed and compared using the h-index tool.	3
Two impact indices were produced, the country-adjusted (CAI, defined as impact divided by the number of Greek articles of a given year) and globally-adjusted index (GAI defined as impact divided by the number of global articles of a given year).	3
Currently, 54% of articles using the QCA methodology are published in these three areas.	4
In the larger context of global broad fields of science almost two thirds of the rewarded papers are below the world average in their field and more than a third lie below the world median.	4
The data presented in this paper forcefully demonstrate that we are still in an era of internationalization, and that real globalization is far from being achieved in the many different scientific fields (Gingras 2002; Dubois et al.	5
In our opinion, collaboration in international research projects needs to be encouraged, because it might provide the researcher with a considerable amount of funding and prepare the ground to foster the development of case studies, whose strength goes far beyond the national interest.	5
The results did not support Hypothesis 6 (β = 0.108; p>0.	4
First, two datasets of research citations on Twitter and Mendeley were provided by Altmetric, a company offering altmetrics data (Altmetric, 2018).	2
The fields include recognized academic disciplines, related major sub- fields taught at universities or tertiary institutions, major fields or research investigated by national research institu- tions and organizations, as well as emerging areas of study.	0
The first number in brackets in both A and B is the number of items this country or institution published at all, and the second number is the number of cooperation this country or institution went into.	0
This is mainly due to the disciplinary distribution of Nature and Science publications and to the influence of the cold war and its consequences on science policies.	5
Note: Results are based on the sample of 134 male biochemists employed in rated departments.	0
While many studies of citation classics focus on journal articles (see e.g.	2
PhD recruitment was related to enrolment in the PGRP after fewer years in medical school.	4
JISTaP uses KISTI's human resources, budget, and information technology infrastructures for publishing, archiving, and distributing.	5
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:305060 []	0
This analysis contributes to the literature on publication strategies and scientific careers.	5
In China, there is a very strong national network revolving around the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS); China has a strengthening link with the United States, but it is not so connected with the Asia-Pacific network (S68).	4
Hence, there is roughly-an 72% paper drain to other (non-development) categories.	4
The findings and observations contained in this paper are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation.	0
In addition, we performed a network analysis to study the evolution of certain features of the co-authorship network as a whole: average degree, size of the largest component, clustering coefficient, density and average distance.	3
The study found significant correlations between search volume data and business performance and position data, suggesting that search engine query data can be used to discover business information.	4
We used the same dataset as Shu et al.	2
Total 32 of 33 universities used a publication output measure (= 97%), and 29 universities each used a 'higher degree research' indicator and a research income indicator (=88%).	4
7) but looses centrality in the man exclusive one (M.Exc-MST in Fig.	4
Received March 7, 2002; revised April 23, 2002; accepted April 23, 2002	0
We initially received 10,048 papers from different databases.	2
Individuals were included in analyses if they were a fellow of either SSWR or AASWSW through 2015.	2
researchers in the humanities value it less than those in pure and applied sciences; individuals from Far East Asia and Middle East and Northern Africa value these activities more than anglophones and northern Europeans.	4
Using retractions as an indicator of pathologies, and drawing on a matched sample of 195 retracted papers and 349 paired papers that were not retracted, we develop indicators of the division of labor in the team that produced a paper and find that the rate of retractions is higher as the division of labor increases (net of team size).	2
The four OISs were designed as typical primary reviewer OISs of biomedical research proposals submitted to the NIH that address a specific disease or disability.	2
In 2000 and 2013, the authors surveyed separate samples of 3,000 academic life scientists at the 100 U.S. universities receiving the most National Institutes of Health funding.	2
Data collected included article subject, level of evidence (LOE), journal impact factor (IF), authorship, contributing centers, and study design.	2
11 in the table) can be considered as the first and foundational paper for what has grown into the Leiden Centre for Science and Technology Studies CWTS.	4
To our knowledge, there is a lack of an overall evaluation of the most-cited articles and hence of a comprehensive review of major research topics in neuroscience.	1
Next, we assess the nature of scientific progress using three measures: methods, discoveries and fields.	3
In the remaining Discussion section, we consider the results from the analysis in the context of existing literature on the driver of publication behavior.	0
There were 283 articles from 101 institutions published in China CDC Weekly during the analysis period, among which 22 (21.8%) institutions were overseas institutions.	4
Note: The circles indicate the logarithm of the values of P, and Pc observed for each individual researcher	0
Because the variables used in this study do not follow the normal distribution (tested with the skewness/kurtosis tests for normality), Spearman rank-order correlation coefficients were calculated (Sheskin, 2007).	3
Descriptive statistics was used for the data analysis, using frequencies, percentages and means.	3
Our findings indicate that a high proportion (54.5%) of the authors are members of the National System of Researchers.	4
The research funding and assessment model which became established in the 1990s affected not only research and the status of researchers, but also the relationships between the world of research and society at large, an effect which is especially noticeable in land-use planning.	5
The journal set for the longitudinal analysis comprises, in all, 42 journals (see Appendix A).	2
Thus, we expect that also the citing papers of the 59 publications and the corresponding citation contexts reflect only a part of EG's influence or impact.	0
An algorithm to maximize sensitivity and specificity for correctly detecting manuscripts containing plagiarism was developed using multiple ROC regression analyses of the two OSI scores, the highest similarity score from a single source, and various combinations of these scores.	3
Researchers are worried that this might make it difficult to do good science that really matters: plunging into the unknown or addressing big issues that need a long-term horizon to mature.	5
At the dyadic level, we use an OLS linear regression model with multiway cluster-robust standard errors.	3
We include the antibody response (equation (2.5)) in the target cell-limited model given by equations (2.1)–(2.4).	3
This study has two main objectives: first, to evaluate how the choice between Altmetric.com and PlumX affects the results of alternative metrics analysis, and second, to investigate the social impact of 'hot papers' through the alternative metrics data provided by these platforms.	1
A list of the journals and abbreviations is provided in Table 9 of Appendix.	0
In this paper we try to better understand this phenomenon by (i) comparing the share of male and female researchers within different productivity classes, and (ii) by comparing productivity whereas controlling for a series of relevant covariates.	1
And the reason accounting for this phenomenon is that journals in Q1 have more issues and publish more articles each year (Ibá?ez et al., 2013).	4
Similarly, the contribution of growth in all mainland China publications with multiple authors to the worldwide drop in IAP in a subject category can be estimated by: CC_IAP = 1 - (ΔPEC / ΔPw)	3
Field-weighted citation impact and relative citation ratio values exceeded 1 on 12 occasions demonstrating recipients are more cited than the global average.	4
One versus All models attained improvements over the majority class ranging from 33.41% to 37.36%, with philosophy achieving the greatest improvement and psychology the least.	4
Given that research was the leitmotif of the entire 2011 evaluation the purpose of the present paper is to investigate the types of results that will be produced by an evaluation based on a single, concise measure of research performance, namely the g-index and its successive variant.	1
(5) Heterogeneity analysis reveals that coupling index can more significantly reduce carbon emissions in areas with high digital technological innovation level, high green technological innovation level and low coupling index.	5
High-income countries had a higher number of publications (N = 1624/2177) and more citations per article (6.84) than middle-income countries (N = 553/2177 and 4.25, respectively).	4
Moreover, 60 per cent paid the APC from their personal funds.	4
We collected the references from each article in the three journals that appeared in 2010 and 2015.	2
An observation of particular importance is that the new indicator seems to show greater “sensitivity” when used in identification of the highly-cited papers.	5
We identified 4134 funding institutions in our full database.	4
A set of 500 articles was drawn from 6461 citing articles using simple random sampling technique.	2
Consequently, the hla is calculated by dividing the previously described hI-norm by the number of years that an academic has been publishing.	3
This paper contributes to the development of bibliometric metrics that helps to formulate a (practical, relevant) theory of knowledge dynamics.	5
Furthermore, we found the assessed parameters to be highly interdependent, where for example hybrid first-order outperforms second-order when no edge cutting is applied.	4
However, there is weak point in the structure of this network: there is a very few dominant nodes (less then ten).	5
What can be said with some assurance, however, is that arXiv performs an increasingly important role as both an alerting service and an archive of first resort, though it is equally clear that publication in a journal of record remains an important goal for most scientists.	5
In particular, researchers from the United States display an autarky-leaning behavior and tend to show relatively little interest in books written by researchers affiliated to foreign institutions, whereas Canadian and British academics are more opened to those.	4
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
As was to be expected, there exists a clear correlation between the granularity and the coefficient of variation.	0
The journal is listed both in surgery and transplantation categories of Journal Citation Reports and its impact factors over time fare better with surgery journals than with transplant journals.	5
We used the Web of Science Core Collection to study the citation advantage of their articles that are OA versus non-OA.	3
NDCG is a normalized measure method of Discounted Cumulative Gain (DCG).	3
In this study, we shall use citation data from Ioannidis et al.2 to determine the field dependence of the validity of decision of the SSB peer-review committees, and the selection committees of INSA and IASc.	1
The results indicate that the USA and Australia are the countries that publish the most in this field, while Finland and Australia have the highest number of publications per capita.	4
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0) which permits unrestricted non-commercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The respective ORs for these two variables are shown in Table 3.	0
Except for Altmetric attention score, Posts, Readers, and Tweeters, the data presence of most Altmetric.com scores was insufficient.	4
We compute projections by performing an autoregressive integrated moving average (ARIMA) analysis, a widely used and established method for creating time series forecasting models.	3
The results show, first, that the single category assignment in InCites is not appropriate for a large number of papers.	4
While some disciplines demonstrate a decreasing publication activity related to the Chornobyl topic, experts in other fields become more interested.	5
One-way ANOVA was utilized to examine differences across severity with regard to IF, original article citation count, and the time duration from original article publication to error publication.	3
What are the active and influential patterns of Chinese IS research?	1
and I?; for reasons of homogeneity, we have chosen the harmonic mean for this combination.	3
(2) How do the number of DCCPs differ for papers with different citation impacts and in different years?	1
Association of (A) citation count and (B) citation density with the age of publication.	0
Citational lensing is measured as the difference between the weighted edges that correspond to international citations and the weighted edges that correspond to textual similarity.	3
In the book The Essential Tension (1979) Thomas Kuhn described the conflict between tradition and innovation in scientific research—i.e., the desire to explore new promising areas, counterposed to the need to capitalize on the work done in the past.	1
From the initial 2752 papers identified, 520 articles were selected for analysis, showing that the United States ranked first, with a total of 250 (48.1% of the total) documents, followed by France and the United Kingdom, with 67 (12.9% of the total) and 54 (10.4% of the total) documents, respectively.	2
The mixed APC-Green, gains the highest citation compared to the three other access models.	4
We performed a search related to the three journals that published most of the H-articles using the search strategy: Source Name AND/NOT Topic = (Hirsch OR h-index).	3
To evaluate the characteristics and quality of published radiological animal research.	1
Our analyses are based on quantitative network-analysis methods, for which we used the Python programming language (Python Software Foundation, http://www.python.org).	3
If the pattern were once appropriate, it appears less and less so every day.	0
We compared this "retraction ranking" for these countries with their research output ranking available in Scimago Journal & Country Rank 2015 (http://www.scimagojr.com).	3
The Jaccard index and cosine values are then computed over the 654 columns (Leydesdorff and Vaughan 2006).	3
The time has come for life scientists, funding agencies, and publishers to discuss how to communicate new findings in a way that best serves the interests of the public and the scientific community.	1
If one considers the book as the macro unit of thought and the periodical article the micro unit of thought, then...	0
SciMAT software has served for the bibliometric analysis.	3
J Neurolntervent Surg: first published as 10.1136/neurintsurg-2018-014368 on 11 December 2018.	0
The bibliometric analysis was done with the software VOSviewer, version 1.6.17 (van Eck and Waltman 2021).	3
Ten high-impact published papers in Technovation (Huizingh, 2011; Van de Vrande et al., 2009; Chao et al., 2007; Nieto and Santamaria, 2007; Becheikh et al., 2006; Kwak and Anbari, 2006; Wu et al., 2006; Caloghirou et al., 2004; Luthje, 2004; Kumar et al., 2003) were also assessed.	2
I analysed the survey data quantitatively (3704 returned usable surveys) and the interview data qualitatively (60 semi-structured in-depth interviews), and then merged the two sets of results, seeking 'to obtain different but complementary data on the same topic to best understand the research problem' (Creswell and Plano Clark, 2011: 77).	2
The rest of the paper is arranged in such a way that literature review is covered in “Related work” section, the research methodology is presented in “Methodology" section which gives the details about the research methods implemented.	0
In this paper we seek to assess whether a single academic author's writing style has remained much the same or changed over a period of 50 years (see “Lifetime Achievement Award: James Hartley”, 2014).	1
Web of Science (https://www.webofknowledge.com/) was used to extract the number of total publications, h-index, and authorship position for both pre-promotion and post-promotion phases.	3
Hence, in bibliometrics, research evaluation, and science policy we suggest taking into account the differences not only between social sciences and humanities but also between disciplines within them.	5
This paper focuses on the regional distribution of KP and the regional health priorities as a central part of the HIS.	1
Moreover, the platform also helps to assess citedness of journals and their scientific level.	5
USA takes the largest portion of urban health studies; however, the proportion is declining as the studies on other countries increase.	4
Finally, this study provides additional evidence of the increasing involvement of women in advancing knowledge and global innovation to address Africa's socio-economic development challenges.	5
Likewise, it is pertinent to highlight that the most representative line in AJET's scientific production is "teachers-pedagogy-technology".	5
It is worth examining whether Richards' collaborative and co-authoring practices had a measureable effect on his productivity, taking into account fractions of papers, thus giving Richards credit for ?	3
It was found that there were 1,472 documents regarding cactus pear, from which 50% were published during the last ten years, and more than 81% after 1990; these data show the relevance and dynamism of cactus pear research during the last years.	4
Papers from the former organizations had a higher mean rank (3603.35 for the group of papers whose authors are in the coleadership network, and 2702.67 for the other group), which means that the organizations with coleaders tended to have a greater number of highly cited papers.	4
As a result, we conclude that eigenvector centrality is the most appropriate centrality metric for filtering papers and measuring the relative importance of a paper within a journal.	5
In conclusion, the progressive coverage of JBUON by important biomedical databases and its visibility at an international level has attracted the attention of a large readership, following which, the submission rate increased.	5
Among the most cited theorists only 12% are of Latin American origin or have had prolonged stays in the region and show a close relationship with it: García Canclini, Maturana, O'Donnell, Martín-Barbero, Germani, Cardoso, Laclau, and Hinkelammert.	4
Specifically, it displays the first record from the RecordCollection, which is unordered.	0
Herein, the assumed functional form is the weighted average of ??(x) and ?w(x): ?(x;β) = β??(x) + (1 ?	3
The aim of this project was to address the following research question: How has the open-access mandate in the REF, which requires deposit in the IR, affected repository managers and researchers, and how does this relate to perceptions of the IR?	1
The study found that the teams smaller in size are more prone to retractions.	5
National Science Foundation (NSF) because each journal is only categorized into a single discipline and specialty (i.e., subdiscipline).	2
Of the 544 institutions produced research papers, 141(25.92%) were universities or degree-awarding institutes, 372(68.38%) were research institutes and 31(5.7%) were Institute of Scientific Information-indexed scientific journals.	4
By means of a literature review on these indexes, we proposed an approach to select and aggregate scientific papers for assessing research groups.	3
The contribution of China, Korea and India is forecasted to outweigh that of Europe by 2023.	5
Only 7.83% of the 1559 highly cited WOS mathematics articles were featured review articles and only 16.62% of the 734 featured review articles classified in the WOS mathematics category were highly cited.	4
It asks how authors and readers use the central disciplinary repository and how they are thereby included in the communication system of their disciplines.	1
Second, the subjects of Chinese agricultural economics research during the recent ten years are extensive.	5
Simon was prescient enough to see how computer-aided models of decision making grounded in economics would develop in psychology but it took time for other people to realise this.	5
There was one giant component connecting most (75/108) terms with 247 connections (mean of 6.59 per term) (Fig.	4
There are now three major systems available for carrying out bibliometric analyses (Bar-Ilan 2008b; Jacso 2005, 2008): Web of Science, SciVerse Scopus and Google Scholar.	2
For this calculation, the counts were first log-transformed with the formula ln(1 + x), then the arithmetic mean was calculated and the result transformed back with exp(x) – 1.	3
An overall quotation error rate of about 25% is in line with studies in other fields, and clearly shows that quotation errors pervade history literature also.	5
The abstracts of these 5,861 articles from 690 journals constitute the corpus for the analysis.	2
Boost ratio of impact per unit boost in productivity denoted by y is the net boost of impact per unit boost of productivity due to international collaborations, and is given by	3
Relative percentage of gross expenditure on research and development (GERD) share of dif- ferent sectors of STI in India, 2018–19.	0
This paper describes a multi-level network analysis to study the URL-citations among 1,000 universities located in 58 countries with the greatest presence on the world wide web.	1
As a result, we found that not only small teams, but also large teams with great inter-organizational diversity were able to disrupt science and technology effectively.	4
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, 2016	0
As a whole, this framework allows us to understand how the interrelated and materially mediated actions of different groups of actors give rise to and sustain the paradox of university rankings.	5
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Thomson Scientific Web of Science citation databases have been used as a starting point for conducting publication analyses after the introduction of new Slovenian Current Research Information System.	2
Two exceptions are worthwhile noting: excellence distance fosters IRC in the Medical & Health Sciences (MHS) and intellectual distance fosters IRC in the Agricultural Sciences (AS).	4
Three topics were selected to compare the search systems.	2
For French authors (not only HCRs but all authors) of Highly Cited Papers, the self-citing average, according to InCites?, is 4%.	4
Network Size: It refers to the number of nodes (i.e., authors) and the number of edges (i.e., co-authorship relationships) in the network.	3
In the present paper, student mobility and research citation patterns on Mendeley and Twitter were analyzed by measuring outdegree centrality, indegree centrality, betweenness centrality, geodesic distance, and density.	3
In this paper, we inspect the evolution of physics by observing the changes in keywords.	5
We thank Nikolaus Kriegeskorte for seminal discussion on internet social media which inspired the study.	0
Regarding the research hypothesis of this study, there is a statistically significant positive relationship (p<0.01) between collaboration (number of countries) and normalized impact (FWCI) in the 10 universities.	5
University, Ume?, SWE) and VOSviewer (Van Eck and Waltam 2010), Leiden University, the Netherlands were used.	3
Out of 3979 SOFCOT members, 972 (24%) had authored publications during this period and were included in the analysis.	2
While other research articles have looked at visibility of the library and reasons for where the link to the library webpage is placed, this article will explore how the location of the library link on doctorate-granting institution websites correlates with research output.	1
The authors wish to acknowledge funding received from the European Commission and the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs without which this study would not have been possible.	0
We suggest that, if librarians wish to use download statistics to compare the cost-effectiveness of journals offered by different publishers, they should consider adjusting the reported download statistics for each publisher to account for the platform effects shown in table 11.	5
The first result is the presence of a strong memory effects in the network morphogenesis, as students very often do research in the same discipline their mentor did.	4
Based on the findings from this study, we conclude that generative AI research in the past ten years has been highly technical, with most research focusing on developing deep neural networks and related techniques and their application to image processing, pattern recognition, and computer vision.	5
To augment existing approaches with an analysis of epistemic integration, we analyse the geographical sources of knowledge of Finnish research in the period 1995–2010.	1
The trending research in the last ten years are the functional properties and biological activity of active ingredients on Opuntia.	4
The popularity of empirical research strategies has grown, while conceptual strategies have lost interest.	5
Xiaomei Bai: Concieved and designed the analysis; Collected the data; Contributed data or analysis tools; Performed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
Normalization of C?, considering the cumulative probability or percentile rank Fc(C?) ∈ [0,100%] related to the distribution of the C?	3
We obtained bibliographic and citation data for each scientific paper from the Web of Science (WOS) and OpenAlex to quantify the innovation of the papers.	2
National Institute for the Control of Pharmaceutical and Biological Products, Beijing, 100050, China.	0
Within this context, this study examines the structural evolution of the global HHW trade network from 1991 to 2020 using the complex network method, and explores the determinants of the HHW trade network by a temporal exponential random graph model (TERGM).	1
A temporal analysis of the similarity of fields shows that some fields (e.g.	4
Statistical analysis including descriptive (frequency and percentage) and some inferential (non-parametric Chi-square, Mann Whitney U, and Kruskal-Wallis H tests) were conducted using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS).	3
We found that the topics which units wrote about in their submitted articles collectively explained a large proportion (84.1%) of the variance in the quality assessments they received from the REF's expert peer review process.	4
This paper was presented at the ISSI2009 (12th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics; 07/14-17/2009) and published in the Proceedings of the Conference.	0
The bibliographic information from these databases was transformed into sociometric information using VOSviewer (Van-Eck; Waltman, 2010).	3
It shows that extracting linguistic patterns from the citation context helps reflect the way in which an author organizes his/her language in expressing his/her emotions.	5
The SIMCA rank results as being highly correlated with a “deterministic” composite indicator composed of the weighted values of the same five starting indicators, thus indicating a convergence in the results from the two approaches.	4
The Scopus database was searched for citations to articles published in any of the 116 journals in the subject category "radiology, nuclear medicine, and medical imaging" at the Institute of Science Information Web of Science that the authors termed "imaging literature."	2
Important elements of programme evaluation and the possible utility of S&T indicators	0
This professional bibliometric software (CiteSpace 6.1), created by SourceForge (San Diego, CA, USA), was used mainly for in-depth analyses of key words, cooperation and clusters.	3
CONCLUSION: A comprehensive framework is useful for guideline impact analysis.	5
The analysis of publications of retracted articles shows that Islamic Azad University, University Malaya, and Tsinghua University were involved in 280, 115, and 62 retracted publications, respectively.	4
This edition again featured high-quality research articles on topics as diverse as fake news, transnational stakeholder partnerships and accountability, the Saudi Public Investment Fund and the settlement of the civil war in Indonesia.	2
Researcher 1 has published 99 papers (articles and reviews) between 2004 and 2013; researcher 2 has published 427 papers between 1997 and 2013.	2
Male researchers are overrepresented as 1st authors of publications with high citation impact because they more often engage in research mainly aimed at scientific progress.	1
Section 2 presents the notations and a detailed discussion of the axioms used.	0
Finally, we compare the three methods and conclude that their complementarity can help go beyond simple statistics to better understand the epistemological evolution of a scientific community and the readership target of the journal.	5
7—The fraction of papers with one, two, three, four, five, and more than five authors.	0
The higher scientific production was not followed by an increase in the impact of the journals publishing articles in the field, which was also reported for general Brazilian scientific production (Souza et al., 2015) and worldwide (Fischer et al., 2012), despite the growing number of researchers in Universities and research institutes (Souza et al., 2018).	5
For the purpose of demonstrating the procedure we use data reported by Basu (2015).	2
Consequently, further research will be needed to investigate whether the activity of researchers at public healthcare centres will result in innovations and transfer processes throughout their subsequent research careers after completing work under the terms of their FIS contract.	5
Co-citation analysis is used to determine the status of scientific development and changes in scientific structure.	3
In contrast, the factors of sustainability and social and cultural advancement are the least important, as they can largely be derived from the other ranking variables.	4
The USA published the most articles having high IF, making the greatest contribution to the field of obstetrics and gynecology.	5
The analyses presented in this paper covered all articles and reviews published in 2020–2021 in psychology journals indexed in Scopus (SUBJAREA(PSYC)).	2
universities that offered graduate degrees in statistics during the 2013- 2014 academic year by requesting the list of graduate statistics programs in the United States as enumerated by the ASA, which provided the name of the university, the name of the department, and the URL of the website for the program in question.	2
It indicates the gradual shift in the theme of research papers published in the journal from biological science to the physical science.	4
The strongest correlation of 0.989 is and was to be expected between the Scopus and WoS h values since both are based on citation counts.	4
The process of peer review and publication has changed tremendously over the past few years.	0
We also age adjusted the number of citations by dividing by the age of the manuscript in years at the time of the Scopus search to account for the issue described; this value was termed the "year adjusted citation rate".	3
Exactly 76 participants (all but 4 were students) took the study.	0
In this paper, we analyze the keywords and themes of citing papers of an ESI discipline to explore the influence exerted by LIS on it and clarify the overlapping and similarity of research subjects among them.	3
Citation number was higher among open access articles compared with those with subscription access (14 [25th-75th percentile: 9-23] vs.	4
There are two main graphs: a matrix with the information of the scientific works ordered according to the Smart index for each publication.	4
For example, in Table 25 (2005-2015), the first-rank article received 552 direct citations from other articles while the second-rank article received 691 direct citations.	4
These technologies all hit the marks of 10% efficiency within 100 publications and 20-24% in fewer than 10,000 publications and have in each decade of publications followed an average slope of approximately 5% absolute efficiency per factor of ten increase in publications.	4
The details of each model are reported in the following subsections.	0
This paper attempts to understand researchers' career trajectories by considering the research community as a social network, where individuals build ties with each other via coauthorship.	1
The findings also provide insights for splitting the total effect of the mobilization into two parts, the access effect, and the learning effect.	5
After data cleaning, 706 responses were left, indicating a completion rate of 77%, which is relatively high for web-based surveys (Cook et al.	2
The digital age will continue to change life as we know it, but we have the power - and the responsibility – to control how it transforms academic medicine.	5
The aim of the present study is to evaluate the scientific effort in silicosis, considering geographical aspects, using large scale data analysis, scientometric approaches and density-equalizing procedures.	1
Citation analysis is one technique within the wider field of bibliometrics or scientometrics.	3
The proportion of senior faculty (Associate Professors and Full Professors) and college age were the strongest predictors based on standardized regression coefficients.	4
The country co-authorship network map with 32 nodes and 4 clusters, the bigger nodes represented the more influential countries in this field.	0
Citation practices are unlikely to improve unless journals provide incentives for scholars to be more meticulous, and we recommend active monitoring of citation accuracy and citation appropriateness by reviewers and editorial staff.	5
The psychometric properties of quantitative measure (SETQS) were ensured through factor analysis, while an expert panel review validated the qualitative measure (SSIP-R).	3
In some exceptional disciplines, in which Chinese scholars publish few articles in national journals compared with the large number of WoS articles, national publications cannot represent Chinese research activities when international publications become dominant.	5
Received: 24 March 2020; Accepted: 23 May 2020; Published: 28 July 2020	0
This paper aims to explore the difference between manually assigned research labels and automatically extracted keywords for identifying specialist Learning Analytics (LA) researchers.	1
Academic orthopedic surgeons were individually indexed by name using the online NIH iCite database, which includes PubMed-listed articles from 1980 to 2019 (calculation of the RCR is subject to a 2-year latency period).	3
In Canada, the Social Science and Humanities Research Council (SSHRC) recently adopted a policy requiring that journals applying for its Aid to Scholarly Journals (ASJ) grant make their scholarly content freely accessible after no more than a 12-month delay.	4
1, 8841 records have DOIs that violate the basic naming rule of DOIs.	2
Is the number of authors different for articles published in CEE and non-CEE journals; has it changed over time and is it correlated with the citation records?	1
The steps we used to process and query the e-mail addresses are shown in Fig 2.	0
I first estimate a model of network formation at the individual level, looking at the probability that an author i in the sample cites another author j in the sample in a certain year t, denoted by Pr(Cij,t).	3
This study highlights four major path-dependent structural features of Russia's research system that have significant impact on its nanotechnology research outputs in the post-Soviet period.	5
Then, three-stage least squares (3SLS) was employed to explore the influence of these factors, which is a widely used estimation method of simultaneous equations.	3
First, traditional bibliometrics is used to find influential “publications, authors, institutions, countries, and supraregions” based on the total number of papers, citations, and citation thresholds.	3
In the first part of analysis, our framework focuses on revealing vital information about the overall research domain like magnitude of research involved, distribution of research across countries and the number of authors involved.	3
In this article, an attempt is made to propose an algorithm that exploits the information embedded in the collaboration network while a hypergraph is applied to model the collaboration relations.	5
The third cluster applies no systematic evaluation of books (FR, IT, PT).	4
Further correlations between citations, reader ratings, written reviews, and library holdings indicate that a reader rating on Goodreads was more likely to be given to a book held in an international library, including both public and academic libraries.	4
Chaire de recherche du Canada, Institut des sciences cognitives, Université du Québec à Montréal, H3C 3P8 Montréal, Québec Canada	0
However, in most cases when two papers are compared, the JIFs of the journals are not so different.	4
Studies 1 and 2 showed that without an explanation, nonscientists perceive research findings published as preprints as equally credible as findings published as peer-reviewed articles.	4
Demographic data for each country between 2009 and 2013 was collected using the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) database [10] and the World Data Bank [11].	2
This paper provides a preliminary guideline for reporting bibliometric reviews of the biomedical literature (BIBLIO).	1
Some retractions resulted from overreaction by the editors.	5
The sources of articles were disproportionately often journals with a relatively high average citation impact.	5
(4) Agreement to be accountable for all aspects of the work thereby ensuring that questions related to the accuracy or integrity of any part of the work are appropriately investigated and resolved: Drs.	0
This boils down to solving the following simple maximisation problem of utility function U: max U = x'q subject to x'b < B budget constraint, where B denotes the available budget	3
Below, we discuss three of these features—the degree, closeness, and betweenness centralities.	3
Here, we ground these ideas in formal terms by systematically studying mobility patterns in the scientific knowledge landscape.	1
Data for this study were gathered by: (a) querying the Web of Science Core CollectionTM (henceforth WoS, owned by Clarivate Analytics), a large subscription-based bibliographic database, which was selected because it has complete and consistently formatted citation information for its entries; (b) the Italian Ministry for Education, Universities and Research (MIUR) database of university staff; and (c) creating an archive of all Italian economists' contributions on Italy's major print and online media outlets in the relevant period, compiled by the author for the present paper.	2
The openness of journals calculated through the Open Access Spectrum approach was higher than 60% in more than 80% of the total journals.	4
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
As the experimental results suggested that employing a finer content similarity technique improved the quality of results, the proposed approach has led the foundation of knowledge-based startups.	5
From this list, we included only journals indexed in Web of Science or Scopus with a 2017 journal impact factor of at least 1.0.	2
5), suggesting that the complexity of the fitting process for the linear regression model makes its predictions less precise than those of the geometric mean.	4
A total of twenty-five interviews were conducted between 2014 and 2015: eleven interviews in Department A and fourteen interviews in Department B.	2
The result demonstrates the existence of an evergreen cluster of papers that do not exhibit any decline in annual citations over 30 years.	4
We use two different citation counts – Web of Science and Google Scholar, and note that citation count is the most widely used metric for article impact in the literature (Bornmann & Daniel, 2008).	2
The study confirms that, as theoretically expected, the Salton index follows a concave increasing function of the Jaccard index, with Jaccard values consistently lower, regardless of network density.	4
The USPTO bulk download feature (Patent Grant Full Text Data - No Images) was used to obtain a full text copy of all its patents from 2008 to 2018 in XML format.	2
To generate landscapes and networks, the WoS Full record with references CSV file was analyzed by the VOSviewer program.	3
For analysis of the tendency of the annual number of publications, linear regression equations were used, where the angular coefficient represented the growth rate [14].	3
An analysis of the archives of hijacked journals facilitates the detection of 62 clone websites of 57 authentic journals.	4
Using CD-related features as the dependent variable, hierarchical multiple regression is employed to explore the influence of interdisciplinarity of scientific papers on the durability of citation diffusion.	1
The study analyses the centrality of university-level collaboration networks and aim to assess the influence of organizational characteristics and bibliometric factors of universities on the centrality degree.	1
There is, however, a caveat: 20th-century published science was written for a human audience.	0
Department of Psychology, Emory University and School of Psychological Sciences, University of Melbourne, Melbourne, Australia	0
Our main conclusion in this study is that it is possible to design simple Composite Indices that can be used to rank institutions on a national, regional or local basis (say state level), when institutions need to be ranked for purposes where only a local relative position is required, and such a scheme is useful, e.g., when these institutions are not covered by global rankings.	5
From 2006, the number of publications from Mainland China exceeded Taiwan and Hong Kong.	4
Sampling range of the electronic academic journal databases in Chinese-speaking regions.	0
The slight decline in the citation-gap between selected or deselected documents over time (Figure 3) suggests a more careful interpretation than simply name-dropping.	5
I am grateful for advice from Dev Jennings and Marc-David Seidel on the content and writing, and for ideas and inspiration from the participants of the 2017 Academy of Management session ‘ASQ Paper Development Workshop: Improving Evidence Presentation in Management Research’.	0
Using the grounded theory approach (Strauss and Corbin 1994), the project team first coded one interview independently and then discussed the results to develop a shared coding system.	3
Ultimately, 702,545 papers met these conditions, and 27,003 (3.84%) papers in the final data sets were not cited between 2006 and 2018 in the WoS.	2
Therefore, we stipulate that any future proposed growth model should also be validated based on these categories in order to reflect a true sense of citation dynamics.	5
Our finding suggests that the relaxation dynamics in article page views resembles the physical relaxation dynamics as can be frequently found in complex systems.	5
Using a Natural Language Processing (NLP) tool, we extract the names2 of scientists from our acknowledgement text data.	3
First, and perhaps most importantly, we develop a methodology that enables analysis that is far more global than any such analysis done to date.	1
The 100 top-cited articles were recorded, and the list was analyzed with regard to journals, number of citations, authors, year, institution, and country of origin.	3
Third, we build multivariable regression models to test whether academic rank and disciplinary field were associated with PPQr subscale mean scores.	3
We analyze the spatial diffusion of laser technology research in West Germany from 1960, when this technology began, until 2005.	1
In adjusted linear regression analysis, funding was not significantly associated with the citation rate (β coefficient, -0.31; 95% CI, -3.27 to 2.66; p = 0.838).	4
Do excellent scientists receiving prestigious scientific awards have higher research performance than other nonrecipients?	1
It is not meaningful to compare readers and citers because a citation implies both reading the article (although not necessarily recording it in Mendeley) and finding it useful enough to incorporate into future research.	5
A significant increase in mean numbers of authors per H-Classics was found across time.	4
This published ahead-of-print manuscript is not the final version of this article, but it may be cited and shared publicly.	0
Comparing the faculty-hiring and the collaboration networks, we found strong relationships between the two.	4
Yet the biggest revelation is that books on social-science methodology receive at least twice as many citations on average as books in any substantive subfield.	4
we generated cumulative citation counts of all tenure-track political science faculty at the 133 PhD-granting political science departments in the United States as of summer 2017.	2
The CRKN-Wiley Big Deal is multidisciplinary and contains approximately 1,400 journal titles.	2
We conclude that there is no added value for the clearly defined clusters but that the second-order similarity can provide an additional viewpoint for the more general clusters.	5
Therefore, the fourth study objective is to further explore the appropriateness of inferences that can be made on the basis of commonly used bibliometric indicators, albeit based on a sample of 178 “star performers” on the basis of their citations in six popular I-O psychology textbooks (Aguinis et al., 2017).	1
This paper examines whether the PAP increased researcher access to the biomedical literature.	1
Systematic capitalization on chance occurs when a researcher searches for a maximally predictive statistical model based on a particular dataset, and it typically involves several trial-and-error steps that are rarely disclosed in published articles.	3
By means of social network analysis, we find that the cross-country research networks expand over time in almost all therapeutic areas.	5
In total, every fourth resubmission stems from a former conference proceedings paper.	4
Authors affiliated in institutions outside the Philippines at the time of publication dominate the field of Filipino international migration scholarship.	5
A large majority (290) of the 369 proposals were new, while the remaining (79) proposals were applications for renewal of an existing grant.	2
Results show that topics on “web information retrieval”, “citation and bibliometrics”, “system and technology”, and “health science” have the highest average popularity; topics on “h-index”, “online communities”, “data preservation”, “social media”, and “web analysis” are increasingly becoming popular in library and information science.	4
The results show that female presence is lower than men as submitted (26% vs 74%), granted (22% vs 78%), expert panel members (28% vs 72%), and as a panel chair (26% vs 74%).	4
A second problem related to methodology has to do with the type of employment itself.	0
Distinct from a case study approach, the case story methodology allows the researcher to subsume multiple case studies into a single narrative in order to highlight salient features while masking identifiable attributes (Ditmore & Allman, 2013; Flyvbjerg, 2004, 2006).	3
On the basis of the obtained results, the following major directions in coal modeling can be characterized.	5
Previous literature shows an association between journal self-citation and the IF [6].	5
These articles were cited 15,857 times, including 4659 (29.3%) by articles in radiology journals.	4
The authors gratefully acknowledge the extensive computer programming and data-analytic contributions of Robert Heav- ens, James Owen, and Lorraine Gambino.	0
As predicted, without a brief explanation, participants considered research findings published as preprints (M = 4.09, SD = 0.80) to be equally credible compared with findings published as peer-reviewed journal articles (M = 4.24, SD = 0.88), t(202) = 1.25, p = .211, d = 0.18, 95% confidence interval [CI] = [?0.10, 0.46].	4
This changing relationship between the geographical and intellectual dimensions of the sciences has implications for national science policies.	5
Our study utilizes the dynamic perspective of network churn to assess how professional network composition and structure change overtime via processes of network exploration and exploitation.	1
According to Table 3, overall, the R2 was calculated as 0.51, suggesting that the model explained 51% of variance in plagiarism intention.	4
Third model that we adopt is the gravity model.	3
The launch and rise of online search platforms have made literature review search more efficient thereby reducing the overall costs of engaging in research.	5
Also, to ascertain whether these indicators use as an alternative to each other for the assessment of the journals.	1
Second, assess the impact of such articles on social media by calculating the altmetric scores and conducting an exploratory analysis examining the altmetric findings compared with citation analysis.	1
This revealed four main purposes, listed here with some examples from the corpus:	0
This paper finds that subjects such as Medicine, Biochemistry, Chemistry, Materials Science, Physics, and Social Sciences are the ones with multiple branches in the spanning tree.	4
The proposed generalization is thus of some importance.	1
The objective of this study is to explore whether citation behaviour among researchers in lower-income countries has changed throughout the period of OA to become more similar to that of researchers in economically wealthier countries – that is, that the performance indicators of lower-income countries related to use of scientific literature has improved relative to those of wealthier countries.	1
Since single-authored papers still predominate as publishing pattern in this domain, the study of acknowledgements might help to understand social interactions and intellectual influences that lie behind a piece of research and are not visible through authorship.	4
Each paper profile page also includes an embedded visualization of data from Altmetric.com, a commercial service that indexes mentions of academic works (including preprints) within an expansive collection of social media platforms.	4
Co-authorship of scientific papers has been extensively studied from the sociological and the bibliometric points of view, as well as from research policy studies and research ethics; it has received, however, considerably less attention from philosophers of science and epistemologists, perhaps under the common (though not often expressed) assumption that these disciplines are more concerned with the content, quality, validity and nature of the items of scientific knowledge, than with something apparently so accidental as to whether the proof of a theorem or the performance of an experiment is carried out by one single person or by a group.	1
Received: 7 September 2021 / Accepted: 4 February 2022 / Published online: 2 March 2022	0
We encouraged our interview partners to respond freely by using open questions.	0
The instrument to acquire sociodemographic data was an ad hoc questionnaire designed with the collaboration of researchers and librarians, key players in this analysis due the role that sometimes they play as a enemies instead of collaborators because reserchers cannot access to all the information that they need, and librarians see how researchers undervalue their fight against editors to have the information their users need.	3
The main indicator that we operate with is xijt, the number of WCUs in the i-th region in the j-th GUR in the t-th year.	3
Comparing Tables 3 and 4, one sees that for research 1 universities, even with price discounts for big deal bundles, the for-profit publishers charge substantially higher prices per citation than do the nonprofits.	4
In order to be consistent with the calculation of JIF, we restrict the publication year to 2014 and 2015 and only two citable items (articles and reviews) are considered.	2
Second, we show an increased likelihood over time for countries to collaborate with nations of unequal scientific, economic, and social stature.	4
It is conspicuously concluded that important patents in the nano-luminescent material industry are multinational patents, but transnational patents are not necessarily important industrial patents.	5
The government needs to formulate more precise support policies for international cooperation as well as guide researchers and S&T service personnel to play their roles in different categories, which may enhance the international recognition of Chinese scholars.	4
Network density is 0.00105, which indicates that the network is very sparse.	4
This content downloaded from 128.135.012.127 on March 20, 2017 02:50:56 AM	0
We also examined the fate of submitted manuscripts using logistic regression, but in two sequential analyses, first examining whether a paper is rejected before peer review (rejected = 1, reviewed = 0) and then, if a paper is sent for peer review, whether it was rejected or not (rejected = 1, not rejected = 0).	3
In conclusion, we have shown that copublication increases the number of citations for Cochrane reviews and may increase the IF of the copublishing journal.	5
At the same time, the material of this study includes 4480 keywords to 1017 extended abstracts of research projects.	2
The meteoric rise in the popularity of social media presents a unique opportunity for academic medical researchers to maximise exposure of their scholarly work to the public.	5
This study utilizes two information sources, the SCImago Journal & Country Rank (SJR) and the PubMed database (SCImago Lab 2012).	2
Twenty-two papers of questionable provenance were published in hijacked journals.	4
Our study revealed that child neurology articles are published more often in pediatric journals as opposed to general neurology and neurology subspecialty journals.	5
With the increase in research variety, the curvilinear relationship between first-degree team size and research productivity steepens, whereas the inverted-U shaped relationship between first-degree team size and research impact first flattens and then displays a U-shaped relationship.	4
Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc.	0
We use a Negative Binomial to model NUMBER OF US PARTNER as it is a count variable characterized by standard deviation larger than its mean.	3
The analysis of authors' key words shows that the most frequent phrase was “numerical simulation”, with a 2.66% share.	4
We adopt both optimistic and pessimistic approaches to illustrate the JIF distributions of journals listed in the 2015 Journal Citation Reports.	3
This study chooses to use the search path count (SPC) algorithm (Batagelj, 2003) and the global search method (Liu & Lu, 2012).	3
The study further aims to spark conversation on the practice of citing databases in scholarly publications.	1
In this article, I study variants of epistemic capitalism by comparing regimes of accumulation in the academic life sciences and in biotechnology companies, both in Austria.	1
Andrea Scharnhorst, Nees-Jan van Eck, Ludo Waltman, and two anonymous referees provided comments on previous drafts.	0
In the next paragraphs, we discuss the methodology used and then go on to present the results of our analysis.	0
We conducted an analysis of publicly-accessible videos on the h-index posted to YouTube.	2
This search was then cross-referenced with a similar search term query of Scopus? to identify articles that may have been missed on the initial search.	2
In the sciences, findings show that researchers with the alphabetically higher surnames do not result as gathering more citations.	5
The figures for the researchers are difference against mean plots (Altman and Bland 1983; Cleveland 1985); they are scatter plots of the following two quantities: (1) difference between paper and journal impact and (2) average of paper and journal impact.	3
In conclusion, the results of this study indicate that CC is a better choice than BC and DC for seed-based information retrieval, but combining the approaches increases the retrieval effectiveness.	5
Rounding up to the closest integer leads to the number 3.	0
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.1007/s11625-020-00860-4) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
The WISER Ranking value calculated through the combination of these four indicators i.e.	3
Research articles in the field of library and information science (LIS) were selected as the data sample (n=48,884).	2
Correlations among the network's measures of centrality and the antecedent variables were performed and linear regression analysis was conducted to predict the structure of the university hyperlink network.	3
The 100 most cited articles were published in 10 journals (Table 1).	4
3 Annual number of authors in the two communities (BD and AI)	0
We employed the publicly available citation dataset ACL-ARC (Jurgens et al., 2018) and SciCite (Cohan et al., 2019) as the benchmark dataset to compare our model with previous works.	2
The objective of this paper is to identify the main motivations that bring different disciplines together in joint research and identify some of the obstacles to that coming together.	1
Co-citations are gathered around a total of four main topics (sociology, folklore, politics and anthropology) and are shaped as multihubs as network structure.	4
For PhD theses, we relied on the Mathematics Genealogy Project, a volunteer effort aimed “to compile information on all mathematicians in the world.”	2
We can see that out of 23 respondents, not a single one would outright refuse to consider publishing material derived from an OAET.	4
Received 2018 September 12; accepted 2018 October 20; published 2018 November 27	0
The quantitative persona analysis makes use of a multilevel mixed-effects logistic regression.	3
From the matching 37 million papers, we retrieved 4,195,734 unique author names; we took the 867,872 names who had authored at least one paper per year in any consecutive 5 years of the period 2000–2010 to be in the set of qualified scientists for the purpose of our study.	2
The University of Granada is the most productive institution with 46 papers published in IJUFKS, receiving 1061 citations.	4
The worry that ‘funding people, not projects’ might amplify biases against members of several marginalized groups is a significant concern which has led some to reject the ‘fund people, not projects’ movement altogether (Raymond and Goodman 2019).	4
Yrjo Lappalainen: Conceptualization, Methodology, Software, Writing - Original draft preparation, Data curation.	0
We gathered 88,892 authors' emails to which we manually sent the invitation to participate in the survey from our institutional emails via a self-administered online form that automatized the data compilation (Google Forms).	2
Published and unpublished documents of historical value for IRs were sourced from the library databases, university library websites, university websites, and other Internet sites.	2
What are the key research groups and their research topics in this area based on the analysis of coauthorship network?	1
This study takes a learning analytics perspective to explore the relationship between university rankings and the theoretical frameworks used in doctoral capstones within the education field, an area largely underexamined in prior research.	1
was a member of the Research Evaluation Council when the ranking analysed in this study was created.	0
4a, the average bibliography size increased steadily over the time spanned by our data.	0
For each paper in Pc, we extract two representative topics with highest probability	0
A total of 54,045 abstracts were screened, followed by 693 full text reviews and data extraction from 126.	2
Using data from the top 10 nursing journals in China from 2003 to 2013, we constructed a nursing scientific coauthorship network using social network analysis.	2
If a second explanatory variable is added to the model, the number of researchers adds some precision.	4
Overall, this study shows that an LLM can serve as a qualified rater in originality review, but its evaluation performance needs further improvement.	5
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
The percentage of co-authored, highly cited papers (HCPs) in which Chinese researchers are the first or corresponding authors (out of all Chinese co-authored HCPs) increased significantly from 44.7% in 2008 to 64.3% in 2017.	4
Using latent Dirichlet allocation topic modelling, we analysed all 1888 disciplinary 'unit-level' environment statements from REF2021.	2
The problem of PM is real, the reasons why people indulge in PM are variable and ways to address them are not straightforward.	5
Using various methods, we identified 617 OPR journals that published at least one article with open identities or open reports as of 2019 and analyzed their wide-ranging implementations to derive emerging OPR practices.	2
In terms of the social capital mobilized, the data demonstrate that most scientists mobilized bonding social capital to collaborate and access valuable and limited resources.	5
Figure 1 Trend in total publication output between 1998 and 2018 (NA, North America; UKI, UK and Ireland; EUR, Europe; JAP, Japan; ROW, rest of the world)	0
F* represents the Brown–Forsyth statistic for the test of equality of means.	0
1 Department of Philosophy, University of Milan, Via Festa del Perdono 7, 20122 Milan, Italy	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 9 times since 2019*	0
On the basis of the perspective of tripartite citation fusion, this paper introduces a new citation network construction method that considers the contribution of all authors.	5
The publication credit allocation problem is one of the fundamental problems in bibliometrics.	1
The features "countries,” “non-institutional email domains,” and “references to retracted papers" may be useful for detecting fake papers, but not as sole criteria.	5
Firstly, the second publication-level system is found to dominate the first.	4
Profiling: The ranking must ensure that comparisons are by the like with the like, and avoiding unfair comparisons of institutions with different missions and resources.	3
The results revealed that the majority of the researchers are women, both in research and postgraduate; there is a significant regional asymmetry; the studies are concentrated in public universities; the papers are published mainly in national journals with open access; the scientific production follows the same pattern of the areas of humanities, social sciences, and linguistics, literature and arts; there is a tendency of increasing the incidence and extent of co-authored papers; there is interaction with other 20 areas of knowledge, which are directly or indirectly connected, forming a single component that comprises all of them; and ‘information and S&T management' followed by 'education' are the main sectors of application of the studies developed by the Brazilian researchers.	4
H-index increased with increasing academic rank and was highest among those working in academics.	5
The main results of the bibliometric analysis of the production and the graphic map applied to the records linked with LEF research are presented below.	0
The results showed that in the evolution of this discipline, authors were using increasingly more words for their paper titles and the conceptual diversity in paper titles underwent interesting periodic fluctuations over more than 100 years.	4
This publication information is available from a comprehensive list aggregated by Academic Analytics—a non institutional affiliated data analytics company.	2
Although the life sciences are the predominant contributor to megajournals, there is variation in the disciplinary composition of different megajournals.	4
Open access is becoming increasingly institutionalised in Norwegian universities.	5
Sekara et al. [5] identified the "chaperone effect" in academic publishing, where co-authoring with prominent senior authors is conducive to transitioning to senior authorship positions in the future.	3
Our goal in this paper is, therefore, to compare the number of Palearctic and Neotropical papers, and their citation rates, for large mammals' research, and to do it over a long period of time (1970-2019).	1
Twitter has a stronger focus on general medicine and social sciences.	4
2 The spirit of capitalism is for Boltanski and Chiapello a prevailing ideology that justifies capitalist accumulation processes but simultaneously constrains them.	0
Here, we explore if rhetorical citations have some plausibly positive effects for science and disproportionately benefit the less prominent papers and researchers.	1
It also aims to demonstrate a methodology for capturing such insights, namely affordance analysis.	1
On the contrary, the dispersion of FIS/02 and MAT/05 is considerable.	4
The study focused on scientists from two disciplines - physics and biology for a number of reasons.	2
To assess whether articles with certain methodologies or contents were differentially associated to authors from certain geographical locations, we run multinomial logit models.	3
Charles Haas, a professor of Environmental Engineering at Drexel University, topped in the collaborations with 272 co-citations.	4
This diversity suggests that there are two important aspects of the impact of books in the social sciences, i.e.	5
In order to control for each country's population and in line with earlier studies [1], the total population of each country was obtained from "Total Population Both Sexes" in the 2012 revision of World Population Prospects (http://esa.un.org/), which is provided by the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Population Division, Population Estimates and Projections Section.	2
The link between scientometrics and econometrics is obviously unidirectional.	4
Her current scholarly interests are cultural aspects of design, sustainable design practices, and innovative technology in the design process.	0
To enhance JKAN's status as an international journal, it is necessary to consider publishing it in English and to continuously improve the conditions of other publications.	5
This study compares search results in Google Scholar (GS), Microsoft Academic (MA), Scopus, and Web of Science (WoS) for a set of fifteen business and economics journals, ten of which had impact factors, and five that did not.	1
Research Question 1: Are there gender differences in the research performance of male and female academics in business?	1
Bibliometrics can help identify the most frequently published BRFSS-related topics, publishing journals, and publishing institutions.	5
In this study, a novel algorithm is proposed to find the successful team configurations for scientific collaboration in the presence of the collaboration network of scholars.	1
A partial answer is provided to the question “what are the most research productive business school Operations Management departments?”	1
We did not rely solely on the survey for our analysis.	0
Currently, it holds over a 1,000 titles by 35 publishers.	2
Consistent across the three areas, research multidisciplinarity has a strong and positive relationship with the interdisciplinarity of collaborations.	4
The second dimension (the vertical axis) captures the innovation process that is related to contextual elements of innovation (such as academic entrepreneurship and technology transfer) and its relationship with the market (industry, entry, growth, dynamics, competition and so on).	4
(2010, 2019), we begin by demarcating a set of 12,426 “elite” life scientists (roughly 5% of the entire relevant labor market) who are so classified if they satisfy at least one of the following criteria for cumulative scientific achievement: (i) highly funded scientists, (ii) highly cited scientists, (iii) top patenters, or (iv) members of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS) and the National Academy of Medicine.	2
The field of observation is the scientific production over five years from about 23,500 academics.	2
The results indicated a significant upward trend, with a large effect size, on both the use of adjectives (Adjectives: F(1, 49)=120, p=9.02e?15, Multiple R2=0.71, Adjusted R2=0.7041) and that of adverbs (Adverbs: F(1, 49)=65.08, p=1.507e?10, Multiple R2=0.5705, Adjusted R2=0.5617) across the past five decades.	4
Does usage in funded papers more easily transfer to citation than in non-funded papers?	1
Therefore, the primary objective of the present methodological survey was to evaluate and to report the characteristics of the 300 most cited articles in periodontology.	1
To ascertain the information regarding the gender of an author, biographical sketches provided at the end of each article were examined.	2
Boyack and Klavans (2010 op.cit.), on a large dataset, observed that even a “hybrid na?ve" coupling outperformed pure bibliographic coupling.	4
Kessler (Professor); Nicole Maestas (Associate Professor); and Zirui Song (Assistant Professor) were the faculty members with the highest citation value.	4
We performed an initial scoping interview with two representatives of the funding agency.	3
This study contributes to the current body of knowledge on L&SCM education by analysing the evolution of this field of research, trends and emerging topics that are under-represented and require additional investigation.	5
In particular it was important to identify the extent of agreement between raters, the consistency of raters and the leniency/severity of the raters compared to one another.	1
There is statistical evidence that publication practice preferences exist between different ranking levels.	4
If we follow this agenda, then Latin American scientific policies should have already promoted heavy local development, as well as good international circulation of research results; nevertheless, this is not so, and it is explained by the lack of deftness in the instrumentation of research policies or agendas boosted by the governmental organisms; undoubtedly, the status quo under which Latin American scientists work, their practices and ways of developing research activities – particularly those linked to social sciences and humanities – largely explains the stagnation compared with the so called "mainstream science".	0
This retrospective cohort study included all consecutive residents in an academic obstetrics-gynecology department in Paris, France, between 2010 and 2020.	2
The journal of Clinical Oral Implant Researches has raised its importance for almost 30 years (1987-2016).	4
We do not expect completely different conclusions if other counting methods were to be used.	0
A comprehensive search was performed online using the English language databases Embase (15) and Scopus (16) on March 1, 2020, and simultaneously the Chinese databases Chinese Biomedical Database (SinoMed), CNKI, VIP and Wanfang were searched.	2
The metrics obtained for this study were the h-index, the g-index, the he-index and the h?-index.	3
What is certain is that the reforms embrace a linguistic shift, oriented towards an increased use of the English language, which is empowering for some and disempowering for others, creating new dependencies and disestablishing existing power structures.	5
Due to the progressive growth of Sport Sciences from 1906 onwards and the lack of works analyzing its scientific output, the aim of the present study was to develop a bibliometric analysis of the Sport Sciences' scientific journals edited in Chile until 2014 for presenting its productivity and collaboration patterns.	1
This ordering is evident across a wide variety of bibliometric and other indices, from the prominence of graphs in scholarly work (Smith et al., 2000), to the level of consensus in peer evaluations of research and the ratio of theories to laws (Simonton, 2004, 2015), to a diverse collection of bibliometric indices (Fanelli & Gl?nzel, 2013).	0
The positive impact of the number of authors on title length is evident in most UoAs across all panels.	4
In the end, a total of 400 top-cited papers with TC2019 ≥ 140, all published since 1992, were extracted.	2
There was a spike in the prevalence (22 of 59) of retracted articles in 2015.	4
I hope that the article contributes to conceptual debates on ethics, best practices and standards in scholarly communication but also in other scientific fields.	5
student in the Department of Biology at University of Washington; e-mail: jevinw@u.washington.edu.	0
No topics with a clear heterodox economic linkage could be determined.	4
In terms of the number of theses, the presence of Singapore in the biomedical field has not grown dramatically compared to South Korea and Taiwan (figs.	4
Two journals in linguistics, Journal of Linguistics and Applied Linguistics, were used for the study.	2
It can be seen from the table above that the degrees of cooperation in the humanities are relatively low and most of the papers are written by single authors.	4
Results of the non-parametric Mann-Whitney U Test confirm that the citation patterns of SIs and RIs are statistically different (p < .001).	4
In this paper, we proposed a Bayesian network-based method for the analysis of the relationships among paper citation and its influencing factors.	5
In total, 5272 outputs were submitted to the education subpanel of REF2021.	2
We thank Junming Huang and and Louis Shekhtman for useful discussions.	0
Real resource costs are the unsubsidized costs, for they take account of the extra training cost of a doctorate.	0
The inclusion of early-career researchers from across the world in the preprint solicitation process could also translate into social justice benefits by providing a career-building opportunity and a window into the publishing process for young scientists.	5
that the epistemic choices of the members of the local knowledge networks in this research field were not influenced by the governance context in all four PREA environments, and therefore in the aggregate the total field was not affected.	4
Using two datasets on citations of economists for the top 50 US and global universities, simply counting citations maximizes the correlation between the citation metrics of researchers and the peer-reviewed rank of their department.	4
For the top 20 EPs, the mean (± standard deviation [±SD]) h-index increased from 7.6 (±4.6) to 23.5 (±9.4) between years 12 and 24.	4
The number of total publications exhibited a steady increase over time, whereas total citations showed fluctuations, peaking in 2015 with 1571 citations for publications from that year.	4
The analysis carried out as part of this study shows that the primary beneficiaries of this transformation are academic institutions specializing in Chemistry, Materials Science, and Life Sciences.	4
Our bibliometric analysis demonstrated the average citation of all top 100 cited works in the last twenty years was 326.4 times and 20 works were considered Citation Classics, which suggested they were of high quality with an active research activity.	5
For the purposes of this study, we employ calculations of the density of the evolving network and total degree and betweenness centrality, both at the actor-level and the network-level, to measure connectedness, power, and influence (Table 1).	3
At first, we valued the similar level Eij/Nij between any two authors i and j with the same entity, Here, we let Eij = 1 if i and j have some coauthors sharing the same short name, Eij = 0 if not, and Nij = 1.	3
This paper addressed the knowledge communication patterns among specialties of a discipline using author citation networks.	5
This paper presents a quantitative study of the performance and evolution of research applying structural equation modelling in Social Sciences.	1
The analysis was performed by cross-referencing the list of SOFCOT (French Society for Orthopaedic Surgery and Traumatology) members with the French SIGAPS database and the InCites platform.	2
The most productive country was India and Current Science was dominated by contributions from Indian institutions.	4
When transformations are allowed, the results are clearer; the size-independent citation metric (AI or CiteScore) is more closely related to the stated preference metric in 8 of the 10 cases.	4
Thus, a good psycho-social work environment appears to improve the chances of achieving excellence in research.	5
In response to RQ1, co-occurrence analysis (Section 3) suggested five key clusters (see third section) in which research on academic misconduct has been conducted.	5
He has master's degrees in mathematics, management and library science and a PhD in library and information science from the University of Mysore.	0
Commonly reported types of documented literature were journal articles, comparative studies and case reports, while the less common were evaluation studies, clinical trials and controlled clinical trials.	5
In an attempt to control for historical influences, we only assessed authors who began publishing in 1994 or later, because the proportion of women PhD graduates reached over 40% in 1993 (National Science Foundation 2013) and the bachelor-to-PhD pipeline stopped leaking more women than men during the 1990s (Miller and Wai 2015), suggesting that many of the earlier explicit biases should have been reduced by 1994.	2
Only four disciplines – computer science, communication, management, and education are included.	0
From the scree plot, the fitting result of IPCCA is better than that of IBPCA.	4
Bibliographic data for this study was exported from Scopus (Elsevier) using a structured search with inclusion and exclusion criteria, and after cleaning the data for bibliographic variances, the file was then imported to VosViewer for analysis, data manipulation and display.	2
This paper examines connectivity within the collaborative network created by the fellowships program using longitudinal social network data.	1
The present study found an overall self-citation rate of 12.75% over the study period.	4
A comprehensive search of the WoS database was performed with the category “pediatrics” selected.	2
the total number of citations to a paper from initial publication to the end of 2015.	3
In this paper, we develop our understanding of regular meetings as being fundamental to doing science and forming research teams.	1
It is, however, interesting to note that several models may lead to high impact, considering that Denmark showed a high performance in 1980 and again from around 2000, but that the underlying funding configurations and research governance systems of these two periods differed fundamentally.	5
After these four surviving journals (i.e., excluding the JB), the results suggest that FM and the FAJ, along with the newer, specialty journals such as the JFM, the JCF, and the JFI, are gradually replacing older, general interest journals, such as the JFR and the FR, as the most likely second tier destination of articles by these authors.	5
When comparing this property to other recursive prestige procedures, only IW has this very desirable property of a measure of quality.	5
The standard model for count data (non-negative integers) is the Poisson regression model.	3
Perry and Reny (2016) propose the Euclidean Index, defined as:	3
We first perform an analysis of variance to assess whether individual metrics present different behavior according to the CORE rank.	3
For the SB, if all of the citing papers that were published before or in the year of the SB's awakening had a co-citation frequency with the SB of less than 5%, the SB was judged as having no prince.	3
The TES field in the scientific sector is growing up in the last 10 years as can be observed in Fig.	4
Because we find that the historical relevance scores of each institution are not the most important factors for predicting the number of the accepted papers via the feature selection, this drives us to explore the performance of the prediction model without considering the relevant features with the historical relevance scores of each institution.	4
In Section 4, we first estimate a difference-in-difference in patent citation propensity for articles published before and after April 2008, with and without NIH funding.	3
We used the Baron and Kenny procedure to test for mediation (Baron & Kenny, 1986) in H3.	3
For this study, we collected a random sample of 20,000 publications with DOIs (published between 2005 and 2011) from all the disciplines covered by the web of science (WoS).	2
This could be broad areas such as "Computer Science" or more narrow areas such as "Robotic Sensing".	0
The period from 2010 to 2014 is the rapid developing period for China whose annual output has been close to USA by 2014.	4
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
The primary target content of the OA movement is refereed research journal articles.	1
Manually validating PhD students' publication requirements was performed using the framework shown in Fig.	3
Yet, based on the results of this study, the choice of database appears to be of little influence on women's and men's relative performance and appointment success.	5
The network analysis includes bibliographic couplings, co-occurrences, co-citations, and co-authorships.	3
In this essay, I propose a solution informed by the work of Imre Lakatos and his methodology of scientific research programmes (MSRP).	1
The regression method has the advantage of distinguishing between national contributions to internationally collaborative articles, but has substantially wider confidence intervals than the geometric mean, undermining its value for any except the largest sample sizes.	4
Note that we have used the term 'law', although 'function' or 'statistical regularity' is, strictly speaking, more appropriate.	0
Data used in this study were collected from the SCIE and SSCI databases (hereinafter to be referred as SCID) and CSCD.	2
UMETRICS core files are administrative records of transactions from sponsored projects from 31 member universities.	2
From the institutional networks in Figure 3, we see that there is no large-scale network of research institutions around the world and that the cooperation networks are very scattered.	4
We retrieved RG for 46 journals out of 168, which means that at least one in four journals adopts this type of document.	2
Mansoura University in Egypt was the most productive institution with a total of 561 (15.33%) documents.	4
When we considered other author attributes, the effect of preferential attachment was reduced and gender differences were not significant anymore.	5
We acknowledge that impact factors have weaknesses and opponents; nevertheless, they are widely used and may be considered an important measure of research quality.	5
We find evidence that rotators act as mentors.	5
Data from three scientific databases was combined, alongside bibliometrics and network analysis to analyse publication records between 1909 and 2020.	3
The adjacency matrix was therefore dichotomized by the cut-off value of 90 for visualization and for subsequent analysis.	3
Our findings are linked with the ideas above when we try to understand the relationship between the economic complexity of nations and their scientific productivity.	5
Our results show that highly visible publications receive more citations much more easily in the accumulative stage, which suggests that scholars should try their best to show and introduce their work to increase the visibility of their publications, as those with high visibility tend to receive citations more quickly.	5
We use two statistical approaches, a Random Forest classifier and a linear regression, to understand the role that different early-career variables play in the evolution of the h-indices and accumulated citations over the duration of scientists' career.	3
This research was supported by WCU (World Class University) program through the National Research Foundation of Korea funded by the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology (No.	0
Tag popularity was measured by degree centrality of an individual tag, representing the extent to which the tag was connected with other tags.	3
As a second marker paper, we selected the publication by Kohn and Sham (1965) in which they laid out the basic framework for practical DFT calculations.	2
The relationship in Figure 6 echoes that of the previous figure: no relationship is apparent between review scores and normalized citation counts.	4
The scientific impact of an article is often quantified by the number of citations received.	5
Data used in this study were extracted from ISI Web of Science (WoS) in which various scientific disciplines are being grouped into various categories based on the field of interest of journals indexed in ISI WoS.	2
Analysis of their knowledge creation and worldwide impact over the past 20 years indicates that these two territories are struggling to keep up and are showing declining competitiveness.	1
The studied network contains a primary, consistent cluster and a secondary cluster with only two authors.	4
Two bibliographic repositories are mainly used here the arXiv server and Web of Science—although, in some article searches, we also use Google Scholar.	2
Kruskal Wallis H (KW) or Mann Whitney U (MW) tests were used to compare preferences between subpopulations for each mode [18, 19].	3
In this contribution, we develop a new approach to explore the process of knowledge transition from discovery-oriented science to technological fields, via applications-oriented research, including a mediator set.	1
2 Core author groups of integrated disaster risk research in a changing climate	0
We follow in this tradition in attempting to answer the following questions relating to the MAJ’s content since inception: RQ1.	1
This value can be used as a benchmark for assessing the difference between the MNCS of two selected universities.	5
In addition, we compare the patterns of emergence of the two emerging topics to determine if there is a common pattern or if many patterns may exist.	1
We would also like to give a special thank you to our trainees, our faculty, and the support of the Developmental Psychobiology Research Group.	0
This paper presents the issues and challenges faced by a university library in encouraging academics and researchers to adopt open access, specifically with respect to depositing publications in the institutional repository	1
Multivariable linear regression analysis was also performed to determine variables statistically associated with increased resident research productivity.	3
Innovation is the product of scientific publications cited in patents and number of patent applications in the PATSTAT databank [2, 4].	2
A keyword that has experienced a significant increase in frequency has been emotion, which escalated from 4 references in the 1990s to 51 in the next decade, an indicator of the relevance of emotion research in current psychological science.	4
The geometric normalization approach has a similar performance as the fractional approach regarding Adjusted Rand Index and Silhouette width but leads to fewer inaccurate assignments at moderate to high granularity levels.	4
Five years after completion of doctoral studies, this pattern is repeated (Table 8).	4
It has to be pointed out that popular accreditation systems such as “impact factor" have their own disadvantages.	5
Salton's Cosine measure was used determine the similarity between pairs of journals, resulting in a symmetric similarity matrix (Ahlgren, Jarneving, & Rousseau, 2003; Egghe & Leydesdorff, 2009; Leydesdorff, 2006).	3
From the Table 1, 11 pivot papers out of 25 (44%) are recent ones.	4
Two other studies in 2015 by Wilkes et al.13 and 2016 by Jamjoom et al.14 calculated indices based on the consultant body of the department.	3
Thus, this study is focused on social representations of socioenvironmental dynamics in extractive ecosystems and conservation practices with sustainable development, built by individuals and groups coexisting in environmental areas under special protection.	1
The RPYS analysis showed that positive psychology dates back to 1900s, humanistic psychology and to the works of authors such as Maslow and Raggers.	4
The NodeXL software package, in particular, is used to identify the network and node level properties and to draw the networks (Smith et al.	3
The retrieved documents received 97,605 citations, an average of 10.8 per document.	4
The institutions that publish the most are those located in the communities of Madrid, Catalonia and Andalusia, these publications represent nearly 75% of all national publications.	4
We created two main datasets, namely Dataset_1and Dataset_2, and one random dataset, Data_R30.	2
Specifically, it looks at the 18–25 age group, the so-called Generation Z demographic cohort who were born into a technological environment with which they are extremely familiar.	1
We used the Retraction Watch database of retractions (http://retractiondatabase.org), which is searchable by investigator name, to verify complete ascertainment of correction notices.	2
Consequently, the final sample consisted of individuals in research-focused academic positions (i.e., tenure-track positions and non-tenure-track research positions).	2
To track the dynamics of science, a parallel-mapping technique that can simultaneously generate maps of two different but successive periods was developed.	3
Negative binomial regression analyses with robust standard errors were conducted to address our inquiry.	3
Reg Anesth Pain Med Epub ahead of print: [please include Day Month Year].	0
This suddenly rose to 29 citations in 1979, with the paper averaging 50 citations per annum since then.	4
These publications are most fully represented in the CAPlus database, where 11429 works have been registered.	4
The peer review of practice, with all its imperfections, has been supplanted by the peer review of myth with no imperfections at all.	4
The Malaysia dataset returned 1,234 authors who published 658 articles in 69 journals.	4
Lin is with the Department of Statistics, The Pennsylvania State University, 317 Thomas Building, University Park, PA 16802-2111.	0
The collection of the details of the references was by no means a trivial task.	0
This paper has argued that in general, science policy has transformed editorial practices in Polish journals through the establishment of internationalization parameters.	5
Brazil and Costa Rica were the most studied countries, and Brazilians followed by North Americans authored the most publications.	4
We investigate whether recent efforts by the American Accounting Association, among others, have altered these trends.	1
Our results suggest that the North American Carbon Program has cultivated an increasingly connected community of practice whose networks of collaboration span a wide variety of institutions and topics (Table 5).	5
What are the talents the academic community is looking for, both within academia in general as within grant allocation procedures?	1
Using Article-Level-Metrics (ALMs) data from PLOS, we analyze the citations, views, saves, and shares of different types of articles.	1
It evaluates the Cuban Biotechnology; Applied Microbiology researchers' citation-based performance, according to their scientific production in journals of the ISI Web of Science database through the Relative Author Superiority Index.	1
In other words, the distribution of Romanian departments of sociology, political sciences and marketing according to their research performance displays a clear vertical differentiation between a few top performers and a substantially denser cluster of poorer performers that show little differentiation.	5
Among academic economists at research-oriented institutions, rates of publication and home run publications rise up to the year of tenure and fall for a decade thereafter.	5
?Department of Chemistry, University of Iowa, Iowa City, Iowa 52242, United States	0
Compared with single indicator evaluation, the proposed method takes more aspects into consideration, therefore it can overcome one-sidedness of a single indicator.	5
The recommended length of the citation time window is based only on this study and may be affected by the data set, regression model, and discipline classification system.	5
First, it shows that the understanding of the scientific performance of an institution changes with a more careful account of the unit of analysis used in the assessment.	4
The clustering used a constant comparison approach, repeatedly comparing the use contexts of apparently similar terms by reading matching titles, abstracts and keywords and conducting word association tests on the terms, comparing the results, to decide whether they should be clustered.	0
The citation-related findings (RQ1) extend those of previous comparisons of Mendeley reader counts and Scopus citation counts by finding larger field differences than before.	5
As well as carrying out a documentary analysis of their publications and business models, we interviewed editors, authors and publishers via WhatsApp and email.	2
The aim of this section is to report on the results of the small, faculty-specific survey in relation to broader trends and challenges in OA journal publishing today.	1
The role of TM journals in exchanging knowledge with other disciplines is also identified by using brokerage analysis.	3
The data presented here come from a single case study, and therefore any generalisation should proceed with caution.	5
Despite the coincidence in the core of our analyses (the growth of citations to old literature and a decrease in Chemistry and Engineering), the reasons that explain this extension in the life cycle of scientific documents are still open to discussion.	5
The citation analysis provides an assessment of the impact (number of citations) at publication level.	3
Our analysis shows that this undesirable development started after the introduction of national performance-based research funding system (PRFS) in the Czech Republic.	1
Note the distinction between the dataset's two time indexes: p(v) indexes the year the cited volume was published, while t indexes the year the citing article was published.	0
Approximately 60% of published documents originated from three Arab countries, particularly Egypt, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and Tunisia.	4
Sentiment analysis of the 118 recommendations of the 30 top articles found that FM ratings were correlated with sentiment intensity level.	3
The probability of a paper being an MCP or LCP increases when the number of references is closer to 20 in CVPR and ICML.	5
The co-citation analysis was conducted using the Apriori algorithm.	4
A proper test would investigate whether authors that have a choice between citing equally citable authors or documents tend to choose citing the highly cited ones.	1
In the simulation, the population is set to be 1000, with 800 susceptible and 200 infectious at the initial stage.	0
The most international collaboration belongs to the USA.	4
The fulfilment of authorship criteria and contribution percentage of each researcher were evaluated according to their position in the bylines of 12 issues of the Archives of Iranian Medicine (AIM) journal published from January 2005 to October 2007.	3
The data were collected from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC), which was screened for relevant publications between 1 January 2020 and 24 October 2021.	2
The solution must come from the granting agencies/research institutes, which should abolish the “publish or perish” mentality.	5
The bibliometrics function was called for the processing, and “Biblioshiny", a web-based client, was utilized to obtain infographics mapping the scientometric networks for the study.	3
The study highlights how the seniority does not automatically deliver better research performance, at some fields, younger PIs outperform older cohorts.	5
First, we choose scientists in the CS/physics field, who published their first paper between 1990 and 2000, and have published at least 30 papers until 2010, as research objects.	2
The author has no financial or personal relationship with other people or organizations that could inappropriately influence or bias the paper's content.	0
(2018), but here we added description of each category and discussed insights in transition of categories between periods.	0
However, due to OA reputation and prestige, authors are not convinced to publish in OA journals.	5
A comparison is made between the structure of 10 high impact papers and 50 desk rejects.	1
Linear regression models, logit regression models, four other matching methods, open access status provided by different databases, and different sizes of data samples were used to check the robustness of the main results.	3
We reviewed variance inflation factors (VIFs) of our models to assess issues with collinearity, and removed individual variables until VIFs of all variables were <3 (Zuur et al. 2007).	3
Data collection relied on a 59-item survey including both investigator designed items and previously validated scales administered using Research Electronic Data Capture (REDCap) electronic data capture tools hosted at the University of Pennsylvania.	2
We analyze the functions of diffusion channels in the diffusion tree through three different dimensions, as shown in Figure 4: Scale is the number of children of one node, which can represent its diffusion power.	3
A node signifies a country and links between nodes indicate the connections among countries.	0
?One biostatistics grant was not included in this table owing to heterogeneity.	0
Blogging was associated with the greatest increase in citations (13% increase), whereas Tweets (1.2%) and Mendeley (1%) were associated with smaller increases.	4
A total of 9289 articles were analysed to identify major emerging themes of Covid-19 and social sciences and how research collaborations between countries have helped in communicating critical issues to academia.	1
The aim of this paper is to broaden the scope of debate with some data from the Czech Republic, based on a relatively extensive survey conducted in 2014 and comprising both editors and authors of scholarly texts.	1
We combine data from the CWTS Leiden Ranking, the EUMIDA-ETER projects (Lepori, 2023) and Eurostat to compile a 12-year panel dataset of 255 European universities.	2
The map of co-occurrence network shows six clusters of terms that used in OGD publications.	4
Results come from fifteen years of data at a Mexican university with 2400 researchers who produced 24,000 works in fifteen research disciplines.	2
The Kruskal-Wallis test was used to determine the differences in the proportion of yearly world contributions to orthopedics by the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, Japan, China, and South Korea, and the rank sum test was used to detect the difference in the growth rate between China and the world, if needed.	3
The analysis in this section was limited to 5 and 15 years old papers, which is a typical time horizon to that considered in previous studies.	0
The results help academic librarians involved in advocating and managing OA to better understand authors' behaviors towards OA models and adopt a more supportive role for OA according to their preferences.	5
Thus, the insufficiently examined scope of an accepted theory may lead to overstating the suitable scope and underestimating the probability of its undiscovered counter-examples.	4
Uncited topic: If the keywords representing a topic are all uncited keywords, this topic is an uncited topic.	3
To characterize the interdisciplinary level of each paper, we harness the Rao-Stirling diversity index, which is consistent with previous studies (Gates et al., 2019; Ke, 2023; Leydesdorff et al., 2019; Stirling, 2007; Wang et al., 2015).	3
The results show that the geometric JIF is superior to the standard JIF in terms of stability.	4
The sub-sample of policy practitioners from the Directorate-General for Research and Innovation is most strongly exposed to research funding decisions and the associated policy debate.	2
How did the time invested in the project translate into quantifiable results?	1
The main output from the three main use-cases is a Javascript Object Notation (JSON) file containing information about each publication found.	4
Five metrics of academic achievement were assessed: National Institutes of Health funding (2013), number of publications, Hirschberg-index (ie, a metric of impact of publications), leadership positions held in orthopaedic surgery societies, and editorial board positions of top orthopaedic and subspecialty journals.	3
This can be remedied with a familywise error rate controlling procedure, such as Benjamini-Hochberg (Benjamini & Hochberg, 1995), which ensures that the overall error rate is fixed at a given level.	3
In this section we present the results of the analysis for both indicators, at discipline level first and field level then.	0
The analysis has done by using IBM SPSS (21.0).	3
The project has been funded with support from the European Commission.	0
We conducted semi-structured interviews with participants about their experiences with electronic waste.	3
This methodology measures the scientific specialization indices of each organization in various research fields and assesses their relative research productivity.	3
To assess the cumulativeness of nations in the pursuit of advancing these two fields, we adapted the measure used by Lee and Lee (2021 p.	3
Section 5 reports our main results and generalizes the findings of the paper.	0
Thus, a total of 18 biomedical journals, nine with IF and nine without IF, was included in the study.	2
The data confirm that academia is abandoning the JED and practitioners are disappearing as authors in EPI.	4
Three authors each reviewed the details of the retractions including the reason for retraction, adherence to retraction guidelines, and appropriateness of retraction.	3
Spreadsheet software (Excel, Microsoft Corp., Redmond, WA) was used to analyze the top 10 cited authors, countries, journals, and articles.	3
Hence the nominal population size of 100 was chosen for experimentation.	2
We found that the Radicchi index eliminated variability associated with publication and citation opportunity between different specialties when compared to the h-index.	4
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Our analysis reveals an inverted U-shaped correlation between the proportion of women scientists and scientific impact.	5
Libraries have successfully funded many publications using criteria that could constitute best practices in this area.	5
The citation data were obtained electronically from the Thomson Reuters Institute of Scientific Information (ISI) Web of Science database with the help of Sitkis (Schildt, 2005), a software specialized in bibliometric analysis that has been used in a number of similar studies (Benckendorff, 2009; Raghuram, Tuertscher, & Garud, 2009; Schildt & Mattsson, 2006; Schildt, Zahra, & Sillanpaa, 2006).	2
1 (see Supplementary data) displays the profiles by journal subject categories of papers in the three Current Contents databases.	0
The data were obtained from the Elsevier Bibliometrics Research Program.	2
The fact that international collaboration has a lower correlation to publications' impact may be due to the apparent challenge of collaboration across national and cultural boundaries.	4
This study of the claim that authors tend to cite recent literature in order to show-off does not confirm the hypothesis.	5
The search performed in the WoS CC and Scopus databases was Topic = "innovation policy" OR "innovation policies” OR “policy of innovation” OR “policies of innovation”, where the field Topic included the publication title, abstract, and keywords.	2
Authorship guidelines portray authorship decisions as being black and white, effectively sidestepping key dimensions that create ethical shades of grey.	5
The second part is focused on the relationship between researcher mobility (sedentary or migratory: inflow, outflow, transitory) and scientific collaboration.	4
Publications in the ELS database were categorized into five broad fields of science.	2
We define a two-dimensional gALM where scientific dimension gALM(I) measures paper impact, and social dimension gALM(P) measures paper popularity in Mendeley:	3
Graduates who entered academic practice had significantly higher indices of productivity in residency than those who entered community work.	5
The time series data was further grouped into 3 decadal periods (1990-1999, 2000-2009, and 2010-2019) for comparison of distribution of outbreak related documents in pre-MDGs/SDGs and MDGs/SDGs period.	3
The boundary crossing activities originating from physics are more likely to take place in applied sciences (e.g., enabling & strategic technologies and engineering) and the neighboring fields (e.g., chemistry and earth & environmental sciences).	5
Topic dynamics is calculated through the Author-Conference-Topic (ACT) model (Tang et al., 2008).	3
Two composite indicators are found to be strongly correlated with peer review-based decisions.	4
This study included more journals than the WHW studies and dropped some WHW titles as they ceased publication or merged, but overall the journal lists of the three studies are comparable in scope.	2
We found that most financial acknowledgements are of the incremental type followed by the matured, breakthrough, and change maker categories in that order.	5
The progress of environmental research on COVID-19 will guide the development of global environmental strategies to control future global environmental risks.	5
This standard score is then called a z-score (Anastasi & Urbina, 1997, pp.	0
While the SPACE rubric was designed with academic institutions in mind, we also heard that it could be used by other organizations seeking to improve the ways decisions are made that impact research careers.	5
We studied the extent to which medical research has supported this by studying maternal mortality.	1
"The total is less than the sum of column data due to multiple counting of publications co-authored by professors of more than one UDA	0
It tries to identify the separate effect of access on citation into two major parts: early view and selection effect, managing to provide some evidence of the positive effect of both.	1
The quantitative analyses of the questionnaire responses involved computing descriptive statistics for the different response options.	3
2 Correlation between the Garfield Ratio and the JCR Garfield Factor (year: 2000)	0
Measuring the novelty of scientific papers is an important research topic.	1
Considering each thesis as a node and the citations between theses as the links, we treat the theses as the network.	3
The levels of inbreeding are higher in the older universities which might be explained by the fact that these institutions, where a high number of PhDs are awarded every year, have maintained the traditional recruitment practices based on the selection of their staff from the pool of their own PhD students.	5
For example, if inlinks to university X and Y are 100 and	0
For the universities whose rankings drop, many are from the UK, Canada, France, the Netherlands, Denmark, Finland, and Japan.	4
In total, 70047 keywords were extracted for co-word analysis.	2
According to the analysis, the authors with the highest h-index value are Yang HL and Hirsch JA.	4
The achievements of all 97 Nobel laureates in Chemistry, Economy, Medicine, and Physics of the period 2010–2019 are compared with achievements of top non-Nobel scientists in terms of standard bibliometric indicators (number of publications, number of citations, Hirsch index), of the numbers of highly cited papers and of hot papers (as defined by WoS?), and of c, a composite score (Ioannidis et al. in PLoS Biol 14:e1002501, 2016).	1
We designated each of the 120 composites plus the simple composites (the composites consisting of a single dimension) from ID 1 to ID 127, in the order of increasing severity composites, and produced a Plagiarism Scoring Rubric.	4
The number of patents in the pharmaceuticals and biosensor field are 423 and 376, respectively.	2
2, the elements that define Gen Z's sustainable approach to railway travel have a significant impact on the social implications of train travel.	4
We expect this is in part due to sampling error given the small number of APC funded journals particularly outside of the health sciences.	0
The biggest changes can be observed in the middle of the ranking.	4
About 30.42% participants published at least one paper in English journals, and approximately half of them require professional English editing service.	4
Paper titles, measured by the number of words, are longer in the second period, 1990–2004, for fourteen of the fifteen sets, only Letters to editor and correspondence in Nature show a reduction in title length (see Table 8).	4
To conduct the citation analysis study of chemical engineering literature indexed in the seven databases being investigated, the author: first, selected four primary, chemical engineering periodicals; second, exported from Scopus the references cited in articles published in these primary journals over five years to create a list of all cited periodical titles; and third, checked whether or not the cited periodical titles were indexed in these seven databases (see Figure 1).	2
As expected, there is a large association between the acknowledged entity and the entity type (the Cramer's V is equal to 0.98).	4
Brogaard, Engelberg, and Van Wesep 2018; Coupé, Smeets, and Warzynski 2006) but research on its impact on the quality of academic research is still lacking.	1
The field of observation is composed of the 2004–2008 publications of Italian academic TSs in the sciences, as indexed in the WoS.	2
No correlations were seen between Altmetric and downloads (R2 = 0.028, P < 0.001) or citations (R2 = 0.004, P = 0.445).	4
These circum-stances limit the effectiveness of bibliometric studies and thus it is advisable to carry out a comparative analysis before beginning a study based on the information provided by a bibliographic database.	0
Random selection without replacement was used to sample 70 male and 70 female professors from the study population (Table 1(b)).	2
To investigate the association between brokerage and geographical entropy on the one hand and research impact and innovation on the other, efficient generalised methods-of-moments (GMM) instrumental-variables two-step estimators were computed that are robust to heteroskedasticity (see online supplementary S.6 for details).	3
It was emailed to a total of 8,188 researchers and obtained a total of 666 responses, of which 554 were complete, the rest being forms with some questions unanswered.	2
Our dependent variable is average yearly citation counts from copyright date to 2017, and five independent variables were tested in the analysis: (1) prestige ranking of the publisher; (2) number of authors; (3) size of APSA section; (4) subfield specialization; and (5) gender (male or female authors).	2
The neural network technique proves to be a worthy scientometric data mining and visualization tool which automatically carries out multiparametric scientometric characterizations of the production profiles of the 50 most productive Mexican Higher Education Institutions (in Scopus database).	3
Culminating as the most cited predatory marketing journal, Journal E received 6296 citations.	4
Nevertheless, there is still room for improvement in the quantity and quality of health care sciences and services articles.	5
The majority of the articles were in the thematic field of cariology (n=79, 59.8%).	4
4 CREMA - Center for Research in Economics, Management and the Arts, Zurich, Switzerland	0
(2021) SBM for multilevel networks; (4) Matias and Miele's (2017) dynamic blockmodeling; and (5) Peixoto's (2020) Bayesian SBM.	3
Although Brazilian dental researchers recognize the value of open science and research integrity practices for science advancement and impact on society, they perceive that the current evaluation system emphasizes traditional activities, such as publishing many papers in well-recognized journals as criteria for advancing their careers.	5
At the top of the list is the "Pest Management Science" journal, with 14 publications and an astounding 889 citations, resulting in an exceptionally high average citation rate of 63.5.	4
We aim to propose a new two-dimension metric to identify revolutionary science according to Kuhn's (1962, p.	1
To check whether the difference in relative citation impact of tweeted and non-tweeted articles was significant, we used estimation statistics and presented the 95% confidence intervals.	3
In this article we have shown that this is the case for citation networks by fitting the SBMs to them: the blocks that best explain these networks are only rarely even weak communities.	5
Data on home country GDP per capita in constant terms and adjusted for PPPs are obtained from the World Bank World Development Indicators.	2
LIS and DM, we relied on Google Scholar Metrics.	2
The results show that the average field normalized citation impact of U.S. researchers declines over the course of their career, and particularly towards the end.	5
However, it remains unknown whether a higher level of multidisciplinarity within an academic institution is associated with internal collaborations that are more prevalent and more interdisciplinary.	1
Given that social media engagement data were generally found to be count data with the characteristics of zero-inflation and over-dispersion, hurdle models have been applied by many previous research to model user engagement on different social media platforms like Twitter (Bhattacharya et al., 2014), Facebook (Bhattacharya et al., 2017; Bohn et al., 2014), and Weibo (Fu & Chau, 2013).	3
symbolic power or status) in various fields beyond academia.	1
From the data, we can see that, all core disciplines emerge before the 1950s, except for Bio- physics, Embryology, Virology and Miscellaneous Biology (especially, Miscellaneous Biology does not emerge until 1995).	4
For this study, Microsoft Excel is used to plot the publication trend, identifying the prominent (and most cited) journals, top author keywords (including author keyword distribution and author keywords over the years), author-article distribution, prominent institutions, and top funding agencies.	3
Similarly, for authors we find that in earlier stages authors publish in cognitively distant fields, which narrows down to similar fields in later stages (Fig 5c).	4
In view of this background, the main objective of this work is to assess the worldwide scientific production and social structure of TE in otorhinolaryngology by knowledge-based analysis</TECHNIQUE>, to analyze the impact, performance, degree of specialization, and collaboration patterns of countries and institutions, providing valuable insights for researchers, policymakers, and institutions involved in the field.	1
We used multinomial logistic regression to analyze the relationship between perception of the research environment in Nepal with respondents' demographic variables, total publications, funding secured, age, workstation, and gender (Supplementary information Table S3).	3
In this paper, we investigate the feasibility of compiling and assessing research citations in a sample of public health policy documents and consider the utility of this approach as an indicator of research impact in the context of childhood obesity prevention policy in New South Wales (NSW), Australia, between 2000 and 2015.	1
The final dataset of 359 documents has a set of 13,930 cited references.	2
The paper proceeds with a literature review, explaining previous developments in the field of citation research as it relates to accounting.	0
In this study, frequencies, topics modelling, correspondence analysis, and 2-D plots are used to explore the relationship between keywords/phrases and conferences/conference years.	3
The paper contributes to the literature on gender gap in research investigating whether there is a gender gap in research evaluation.	1
To summarize, we proposed a framework that can effectively organize online bibliographic data and perform a set of analysis to understand the knowledge structure of research evolution.	5
In 2006–2007, most papers (605, 26.9 per cent; 2697·3 IFs) came from the USA, followed by Japan (284, 12.6 per cent; 1042-1 IFs) and the UK (197, 8.8 per cent; 923-1 IFs).	4
This analysis nonetheless finds many similar patterns in research productivity among the two countries, which suggests that there are really three main types of researchers that are common among the countries: those who produce little research and receive few citations (low overall productivity), those who produce a lot of research and receive a moderate amount of citations (high overall productivity), and those who produce a moderate amount of publications and receive a high amount of citations (high overall productivity).	5
Nearly 120 science and social science researchers from seven countries were questioned about these 16 aspects.	2
Data analysis and visualization were performed through R-Studio and the VOSviewer application.	3
Of the 563 JPSP articles coded for first author gender, women were first authors on 193 articles (34%) and this was significantly below the expected frequency of equal distribution (i.e., equal frequency of male and female authors), x2(1, N = 563) = 55.65, p < .001.	4
The earth science projects tend to under-perform in terms of Impact Factor (IF = 14–20) and the M-index (M<0.5) but perform at the level of a 'tenured professor' with = 23.	4
The 25 fields with the highest percentage of intentionally alphabetical publications listed in Table 1 in (Waltman 2012) are taken into account.	2
The scaling factor can be used to align the fitting results with AP.	3
With the principal investigator’s name and affiliation as the key for search, their respective journal papers were retrieved using the Web of Science for 2008-2013.	2
The theorem and its corollary show that the pattern of stratification in my model reflects the pattern that can be seen in empirical metrics of stratification, e.g., using citation metrics.	4
They should not be considered conclusive, used to inform clinical practice, or referenced by the media as validated information.	0
This study examines the social structure of the hospitality management field.	5
Journal-adjusted citation performance is similar to year-adjusted citation performance.	3
Perhaps the most surprising finding was the complete lack of any publishing ethics documentation, other than author guidelines and one general statement, for journals housed by the American Library Association divisions.	5
Interestingly, what the analysis of the distribution seems to suggest is that the gap between the South and the North can be almost entirely imputed to the relatively bad performance of large research areas.	4
The results show that China has reached the same level of scientific publication capacity as Japan and Korea since 2006, and has recently overtaken Japan to become the biggest scientific powerhouse in the Asia Pacific region.	4
There was a strong reason to believe that the predatory publishers may have several publication houses with different names under a single roof to trap authors from different geographic locations.	5
Therefore, this study explores: (1) which clusters of geographies dominate/control the EBs of top-tier communication journals, (2) how journals and the cluster of geographies are related and (3) how the inclusion of non-Western geographies could be enhanced.	1
The Matthew Effect is stronger for coauthored papers than for single-authored.	4
The practice of assigning so much power to non-researchers in shaping scientific discourse should be further debated and disclosures of potential conflicts of interest should be emphasized.	5
According to this diffusion index, the first Spanish journal is Portularia, with an index of 5.954 for 2010.	4
The R-squared, a measure of predictive ability, is 0.248 when considering only non-scientific factors.	4
According to other indicators such as the h-index and the citations per paper, some other journals such as the Annual Review of Public Health and Medical Care, obtain better results which show the wide diversity and profiles of outlets available in the scientific community.	4
Due to CR’s more uniform distribution, CR retains more long-spanned pairs.	4
Of the 5281 first authors of LIS journal papers examined, 5273 (99.84%) were gender-identifiable, with 3199 (60.67%) male and 2074 (39.33%) female.	4
Our estimates show that Europeanisation of R&I has increased substantially over the past ten years.	4
For interpretation of the references to colour in this figure legend, the reader is referred to the web version of this article.	0
Table 1 Terms and descriptions of bibliometrics used in the analyses	0
A second finding is that scientific quantity and quality has also measurably increased, via collaboration, as a result of knowledge management.	5
The paper concludes with a discussion of findings and their implications for policy and future research.	0
FIGURE 1 Conversion rate of presentation to publication by year of presentation.	0
For the purposes of this study, "radiological animal research" was defined as animal research in which the first author of the article was a radiologist.	2
Please cite this article in press as: Kapeller, J., Steinerberger, S., Emergent phenomena in scientific publishing: A simulation exercise.	0
The impact of inter-regional collaboration in West African research output is higher than that of intra-regional collaboration.	4
To support peer reviewer development through mentorship and local efforts, department chairs, graduate program directors, residency directors, faculty development offices and administrators must integrate peer reviewer development in existing seminar series, mentorship programming and continuing professional development processes.	5
It explores the intersection of the discoverability and visibility of local climate change research methodologically from the outside in, through an experiment of searches for 'climate change/South Africa' and from the inside out by reviewing the online presence of one climate change group in a top-ranked African university.	1
We use two datasets in the following empirical analysis, the American Physical Society (APS) and the Web of Science (WoS) dataset (SI Appendix, section S1).	2
In this essay I review several of the main functions of citation practices in scholarly research: sometimes as a form of validation, within knowledge systems that identify citation as a form of support for an author's claims; sometimes as a form of social networking and collegial acknowledgement and respect; and sometimes as a commodity within new assessment systems that identify citation metrics with scholarly quality and importance.	1
The tests results show that the proposed steps can complement the current automatic methods to select search-terms.	4
We analyze these outcome measures between the years 2000 to 2021, resulting in a dataset of 5,399,828 papers and 362,929 scientists.	2
Overall, scientific associations have had to change in order to survive.	5
Using biology research institutions in the UK as a test case, we examine the correlations between peer review-based and citation-based measures of research excellence on these two scales.	1
For the panel data, we adopt Wooldridge's (1999) PQML estimator using Simcoe's (2008) implementation of this estimator in Stata.	3
The first step in building a database for this study was the extraction of cited references (n=1,033,926) for each article (n=35,501) and the creation of a new relational database.	3
In general, we found that different Nobel laureates in Physics had a similar research pattern, that is, although at any particular time point in their career, they tend to explore 2 or 3 topics alternately, throughout their entire careers they would identify their core research topics early and mainly focus on it.	5
In this paper, we specifically explore the issue of quantifying the academic reputation of a certain academic institution and to relate this measurement to the score the institution attains in a given university ranking.	1
Together, these results demonstrate that the screening effect may have played a role, but it appears insufficient to entirely account for the observed difference between near misses and narrow wins.	4
We further examined two potential mechanisms of an early debut for research productivity: increasing funding opportunities and expanding research networks.	1
Figure 1 is a histogram of the number of self-reported publications.	0
We can conclude that the scientists who contribute the most to scientific advancement, i.e.	5
Table A2 includes the full list of top journals and appendix 8.4 provides additional information on data construction and sources.	0
The various productivity measures used as dependent variable are based on the papers published between three years before graduation and the year of graduation.	0
The institutions with more than one article were Mayo Clinic and Mayo Foundation (n = 18), Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine (n = 3) and Massachusetts General Hospital (n = 2) (Table 4).	4
We considered a comprehensive set of 21 manuscript, author, and peer review related predictor variables available early in the peer review process.	3
The subsequent decrease in productivity occurs slowly and gradually; almost two-thirds and one-fifth of the top work is performed after the age of 35 and 50, respectively.	0
a society or other partner) holds exclusive rights to this article under a publishing agreement with the author(s) or other rightsholder(s); author self-archiving of the accepted manuscript version of this article is solely governed by the terms of such publishing agreement and applicable law.	0
Therefore, the proposed model can assist experts to identify LTSTs that cannot be recognized through simple fusion.	5
The aim of this study is to analyze the publication patterns of the neonatal surgical literature over the last six decades.	1
This study measures the tendency to publish in international scientific journals.	1
Data are from 100 articles about celestial masers published from 1965 to 1980.	0
The development in the impact factor of JAT between 1997 and 2022 was also evaluated along with the journals that most frequently cite JAT articles and those that JAT cited.	1
Implemented in early 2023, our online-based research initiative included weekly modules covering study types, statistical analysis, meta-analysis, and scientific writing.	3
This group of high-income countries shows similarities in the dynamics of the relative distribution of research productivity over time, forming a stable research productivity cluster.	4
Thirty-eight percent of Interacting teams capstone alumni reported that their capstone course enhanced their ability to work as a member of a team, compared to 98% of Opportunistic collaborations capstone alumni.	4
All original research papers with at least one member of the editorial board as author were counted.	3
Furthermore, Croatian scientists have a low-level of trust in the system for managing research misconduct.	5
For the year 2019, we have “education” with a frequency of 26, “active methodologies” with 20, “motivation” with 13, “methodology” with 12, and “teacher training” with 10.	4
Findings suggest submitting units with high external research income generation tend to have a better research environment evaluation in almost all the assessed subject areas.	4
We can notice that Brazil presents growing visibility and impact worldwide in the area of study, explained by the growing number of citations received year after year.	5
Our sample is composed by 601 HEIs in eight European countries, namely Germany, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.	2
Restricting the data to the 101 departments used for this study yields a network composed of 101 departments and 77 areas of specialization.	2
Valuable assistance and/or comments are also greatly acknowledged from the Statistical Analysis Unit (CCHS), and from María Bordons, Javier Aparicio, Borja González-Albo and two anonymous reviewers.	0
Documents used in this study were derived from the Science Citation Index Expand (SCIE) database of Web of Science from Clarivate Analytics (update to July 12, 2019).	2
A journal which has low SI and high MI may be classified as degenerating (degenerative?).	4
The number of NIH grant applications has increased by 18.7% (p = 0.0009), while the numbers of funded grants (p < 0.0001) and R01s (p < 0.0001) across the NIH have decreased by 6.7% and 17.0%, respectively.	4
As instance the journal Methods of Information in Medicine will apply the Tandem Model from 2017 onwards.	4
Using an in-depth, qualitative analysis of pre-conceived conceptions and their behaviour during the evaluation process, this article offers an empirical analysis of how external political considerations, infiltrate the assessment of societal impact.	5
Here, we shall examine a consistent protocol for setting up the fractionalized h-index that adheres to the count conservation rule.	1
Using WoS2Pajek 1.5 (Batagelj 2007), we transformed our data into a collection of networks: one-mode citation network Cite on works (from the field CR of the WoS record) and two-mode networks—the authorship network WA on works × authors (from the field AU), the journal network WJ on works × journals (from the field CR or J9), and the key-word network WK on works × keywords (from the fields ID, DE or TI).	3
All analysis is performed computationally by writing programs in R and by using other standard data analytics and visualization software.	3
This, however, would lead to zero probability of payment for the reviewer, since such a quality level would be logically unattainable.	4
Thus, we do not find comprehensive evidence that the home bias or geographic and cultural distances have lost their importance by the use of the internet and English as a universal scientific language.	5
These articles published in the Web of Science database of the Institute of Scientific Information (ISI) from the period of 1980 till 20 December 2013.	2
The percentage of mismatch would have been even higher had we removed citations from the home institution of the researchers.	0
Identify a set of (P) papers of interest, indexed by both databases.	3
About 56% of the cross-disciplinary authorship collaborations have resulted in publications with cross-disciplinary content (Fig.	4
Our findings demonstrated that the topic evolution of network public opinion was multidirectional in nature, covering topics, such as disaster events, emergency rescue, public sentiment, media opinion, and livelihood-related events.	4
McBee, is a qualitative study of inter- disciplinary scholars and the possible roadblock and challenges they experience.	2
However, there are numerous reasons to be deeply sceptical of claims that such models provide insight that cannot be provided by other methods, that the insights so provided are more credible than other methods or insights (including simple intuition), and that findings of such models can be used as a foundation for policy interventions.	5
Specifically, we explore if this increase is linked to a shift toward more applied work, as well as the role of certain organizations.	1
Provide feedback on this article at the journal's Web site, www.annemergmed.com.	0
Structural topic modelling is an extension of the LDA process described above which allows covariates of interest (such as the temporal origin or university of the dissertation) to be included in the prior distributions for dissertation-topic proportions and topic-word distributions.	3
There is no question that open access is now firmly part of the global knowledge creation and dissemination landscape.	5
We will demonstrate the surplus of this additional option and its possible extension to more than two dimensions in the Results section below.	0
Among them, one retraction article retracted four papers; therefore, the total number of retracted papers was 114.	2
A total of 256 journals had only published one article on publication or editorial research.	4
In this article, I combine sociological and cognitive perspectives to develop a theoretical framework for explaining this paradox.	1
PPottier used text mining to measure the length of titles, abstracts and the number of keywords using the stringr package [57] (version 1.5.0).	3
(2017), the materials used for this study was a diachronic dataset of abstracts collected from the PubMed database.	2
this study investigates articles published during 2009–2013 to ensure accurate information on the numbers of grant-funded articles.	2
On the other hand, collaborators' structural diversity measures have not been found significantly correlated with the performance and productivity measures except for PVCB in one of the dataset which could be as a result of the higher dispersion of betweenness centrality measures in that data set.	5
To obtain the relevant metrics for our analyses, we used the PoP software (Harzing & van der Wal, 2008), which uses Google Scholar to compile lists of faculty publications.	3
Using a precise definition of a “non-English journal”, we filter out nine physics and thirty-four chemistry non-English journals, scattered over six physics and seven chemistry subfields.	3
Search terms were BRFSS, Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, or Behavioral Risk Survey.	2
For cross-nation comparative purposes, we extracted patenting data from the World Intellectual Property Organization's (WIPO) Patent Cooperation Treaty records to avoid home bias.	2
This analysis draws on the Center for Nanotechnology in Society (CNS) nanotechnology patent dataset with about 106,000 patent families based on EPO’s PATSTAT Spring 2014 database and the definition of nanotechnology developed in Arora et al. (2013).	2
Disclaimer: The opinions or assertions contained herein are the private views of the authors and are not to be construed as official or reflecting the views of the Department of the Army, Department of Defense or the US government.	0
In conclusion, of those receiving solicitations from illegitimate journals and conferences, many trainees receive nearly as many such invitations as faculty do.	5
How is this adoption implemented at the organizational level?	1
To address RQ5, the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM; Davis, Bagozzi, & Warshaw, 1989) was adapted to examine whether scholars' social media usage and acceptance of altmetrics influence the actual usage of altmetrics.	3
I sit down on the chair across her desk, while she types on her computer.	0
In these areas, citation counts tended to increase with every extra year since publication, and readership counts tended to increase faster initially but then stabilize after about 5 years.	4
To describe and elucidate the time trends of the academic productivity of NHLBI's obesity-related research funding via bibliometric analysis of 30 years of NHLBI-supported obesity-related publications.	1
This is an extract from the paper “Altmann, J., Abbasi, A., Hwang, J.	0
Strikingly, the two groups of usage metrics (WoS and EBSCO) do not strongly correlate either.	4
Based on our examination of hashtag uses, we found that commercial publishers often use twitter to 'sell' a book, for instance, as part of a 'daily deal' or to highlight the book's topic as a new product rather than tweeting to start a 'conversation'.	5
Finally, the table is completed with the world ranking of the institutions according to the ARWU World University Ranking and the QS World University Ranking.	0
The Web of Science Core Collection includes Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI), Conference Proceedings Citation Index-Science (CPCI-S), Conference Proceedings Citation Index-Social Science & Humanities (CPCI-SSH), Book Citation Index Science (BKCI-S), Book Citation Index Social Sciences & Humanities (BKCI-SSH), Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI), Current Chemical Reactions (CCR-EXPANDED) and Index Chemicus (IC).	2
Table 1: Evaluation of peer review-difference in frequency of scores 3 or more between submitted and accepted versions	0
For this aim, in addition to summarizing the distribution of facility average subgroup scales, we used generalized linear mixed models (GLMMs) in which each SOuRCe scale was regressed individually on one classification item at a time.	3
Rob Brown for his comments on the first draft of this paper.	0
We distinguish between two levels of aggregation—Web of Science Subject Categories and journals—and three methods: while the barycenter method (2-dimensional) is based on global maps of science, the similarity-adapted publication vector (SAPV) method and weighted cosine similarity (WCS) method (both in higher dimensions) use a full similarity matrix.	1
To increase the recall of relevant documents to the user query, we apply query expansion techniques using a COVID-specific ontology of standardized medical terms, their synonyms, classes, and subclasses engineered by clinical trial domain experts [20].	3
In the experiments of this work, we used a self-judged standard to assess the performance of the proposed method.	0
Research funding: This study is supported by MOE (Ministry of Education in China) Project of Humanities and Social Sciences (18YJA870004).	0
We find that in each field the bulk of the apparent decline in citation inequality in recent years is an artifact of marginals bias, as are most apparent interfield differences in citation inequality.	4
Under the assumptions of the model, the probability mass function (pmf) of X?, the number of citations to a randomly chosen paper by time t, is given by	3
Our aims were to: (1) Track publication rates of previous RACS scholarship recipients by performing searches in various databases to determine the number of publications and h-index scores.	1
Based on a slightly modified version of the scheme used by Derrick et al.	0
Population A, made up of 160 s grade students of basic education, comprised children in morning and afternoon primary school, with ages ranging from 6 to 8 years and belonging to the same socioeconomic level; population B, made up of the parents of children in the second grade of primary school, characterised as belonging to the same level of education as the children, level of training, and socioeconomic level; and population C, made up of teachers, with a high professional level and educational experience.	2
Nearly 70% of all classic articles were published in only five journals.	4
This NCI-sponsored MCCRW has had a major impact on the training of clinicians in their ability to design and implement clinical trials in cancer research.	5
To conduct this study, we used SCImago Journal Rank (SJR) data from 2011 to 2021.	2
The Web of Science only began compiling information for Agribusiness in 2009; therefore, to assure a consistent database ProQuest was used in this analysis as it provides information for all 30 volumes.	2
Most of what we can know we cannot know through experiencing it.	0
As the number of scholarly journals has grown over time, so has the collection of those journals that are indexed in Web of Science.	0
Results showed that an increasing number of adjectives and adverbs were used and the readability of scientific texts have decreased in the examined years.	4
The scores for number of documents and number of citations of the universities were extracted from Scopus database.	2
Research is being conducted worldwide, with Spain (13%) and Italy (11%) as leading countries.	4
To address these challenges, we created and participated in a project-specific, graduate-level team science course.	1
Another kind of study on peer review, called predictive validity studies (PVSs), has been conducted on peer reviewer predictions on future performance.	3
This study originally revealed the collaboration patterns and impact of NST during 2006-2015, and provided important information and prior collaborators for researchers and policy-makers.	5
For the period from 1974 to 2008 we obtain 211,661 publications.	2
Our model identified eight topics which collectively predicted a surprisingly large proportion—58.9%—of the variance in units’ environment scores, indicating that the way in which statements were written contributed substantially to the perceived quality of a unit’s research environment.	4
Enlightened by Avramescu's studies, we classified the citation patterns of high-quality and high-impact publicationsinto five mathematical types: lognormal-type, exponential-type, polynomial-type, wave-type and sleeping-beauty.	1
Regarding statistical conclusion validity of quantitative articles, articles having endogeneity threats received significantly fewer citations than did those using a more robust design or an estimation procedure that ensured correct causal estimation.	4
The least globalized countries in the world should consider the outcomes of isolation.	5
For female students, having an advisor of the same gender is positively and significantly associated with becoming faculty (cf Table 5a).	4
We provide structured recommendations to address these concerns and to reduce the risks that arise when retracted research is inappropriately cited.	5
Hospital pharmacy literature draws heavily from its own discipline-specific sources but equally from core general and specialty medical journals.	5
An extended version of a paper presented at the 13th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics, Durban (South Africa), 4–7 July 2011 (T.	0
Our findings show that broadcasting and virality have similar diffusion power, but play different roles across diffusion stages.	4
Results provide tentative evidence that motivational factors influence the peer review process, and suggestions are made for improving peer review practices.	5
GDP data was reported by the International Monetary Fund.	2
Knowledge of data analysis, literature search and review, development of relevant research questions, methodology, access to relevant materials, e-mail, phone, identification of relevant keywords, and ICT skills are considered necessary for scholarly publishing.	4
The general medicine journals with the 5 highest journal impact factors (JIF) were New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM; JIF 79.3), Lancet (JIF 53.3), JAMA (JIF 47.7), BMJ (JIF 23.6), and PLOS Medicine (JIF 11.7).	4
In the overall, four-authored paper (146 papers) is the commonest type of co-authored paper, followed by five-authored paper (127 papers) and three-authored paper (122 papers).	4
2 Italian Institute of Technology (IIT), Via Morego 30, 16163 Genoa, Italy	0
Our study provided an overview of the current status of global forestry-related research areas and helped identify major areas of interests to researchers.	5
By the way, these data are all in text (.txt) format.	0
An interesting phenomenon can be found that the TCI of all the countries except for Taiwan over the last period 2007–2011 nearly doubled with respect to the previous period 2002–2006.	4
This study was made possible as a result of funding obtained from the Ministry of Higher Education, Malaysia and the University of Malaya, FP0561/2006A and FS250/2008B, which resulted in the development of MyaIS, the information system that provided the data for this study	0
Our survey also highlights mechanisms underlying high funding rates in certain countries or schemes, and in particular points to the roles of different demand management schemes: in essence, policies that restrict applications increase funding rates.	4
In this study, bibliometric analysis was performed using the Scopus database from 2010 to 2020.	2
It was found that the average share of documents published in Q1 was 45.7% (38.4% for articles and reviews), varying from 25.4 to 85.6% (from 17.1 to 88.9% for articles and reviews) depending on the area.	4
Results show that acknowledgement-based networks allow to reconstruct the fine-grained social structure of analytic philosophy from different perspectives.	4
This corresponds to an error rate of 3.97% (or 96% correctly matched pairs).	0
In addition, two journals of “Transportation Research Record" and "Accident Analysis and Prevention” that have strong roles in the transport research but not listed in SJR (but indexed in WoS) are added to the data source.	2
To avoid any doubt, let us suppose that the state of a scientific research career is described at each moment by an aggregate of social characteristics of the researcher and his/her practices.	0
The logic was "Ecopreneurship” OR “Environment Entrepreneurship” OR “Green Entrepreneurship” OR “Sustainable Entrepreneurship."	2
Evaluate the production and the research collaborative network on Leishmaniasis in South America.	1
Though the majority of the observed effect can be explained by random sampling, there is still a small but statistically significant deviation of the empirical correlations from the randomly sampled ones in most cases (Table 1).	4
We conclude that using WoS as a universalistic tool for research assessment can disadvantage science published in journals with adequate editorial standards and scientific merit.	5
A more comprehensive study on COVID-19 using other databases is needed to find out new insights in novel corona-virus research from Indian scientists.	5
The authors, who are co-corresponding authors, contributed equally to all aspects of the ideas, writing, development and editing of the paper, all drafts and take responsibility for its content.	0
Our data clearly show that there is a heavy global asymmetry with the Southern globe being underrepresented to a major extent.	5
We have investigated this problem in the context of doctoral students and attempted to answer the research questions:	1
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
Adjusting for inflation, this represents a -3.41% decrease in purchasing power for public institutions from 2009–2018, and a 4.75% increase in purchasing power for private institutions [Table 2].	4
Peer Review History: PLOS recognizes the benefits of transparency in the peer review process; therefore, we enable the publication of all of the content of peer review and author responses alongside final, published articles.	0
The current study aims to assess whether researchers from all academic ranks (including PhD students) and all disciplinary fields perceive publication pressure.	1
According to the past SHERPA/ROMEO taxonomy of self-archiving policies, 8.5% of the journals were classified as white, 81.5% blue and 10% green.	4
The analyses included 11 499 manuscript submissions between 2015 and 2022.	2
Eighty percent of this scientific literature has been published since 2010, which demonstrates the growing academic interest in this topic.	4
Year of publication was related to citation accuracy (X2 = 4.281,155, p = 0.04), and the probability of a citation being accurate decreased between the early 1980s and 2019 (Fig.	4
The Humanities, Applied Social Sciences, and Literature, letters and arts also gave more short courses, and appeared on more TV programs and in newspapers, showing greater interaction with the general public than other areas.	4
Only "Articles and Review Articles" were selected to extract irrelevant literature information, and the number of articles obtained decreased to 2627.	2
Fractional counting is more difficult to explain than full counting.	5
The fourth section begins with a brief chronology of Ki?r's advocacy, followed by an assessment of the substantive debate.	3
While there was a statistically significant moderate positive correlation between AAS and citation number according to the T50 citation list, there was no statistically significant correlation between AAS and citation number according to the T50 altmetric list.	4
Ultimately, it can increase the ranking of the university and affect the national and international rankings because the international collaboration and national collaborations with other universities are important indices in many systems of ranking [35].	5
The BOGSAT group is recommending key improvements to publication rules.	3
ETD system is growing fast in some Asian countries like India, Japan, China and Taiwan, but other countries are lagging behind.	5
All the invitations employed highly complementary and flattering language, often to an excessive degree.	4
The bibliometric analysis on the 100 top-cited articles in EM journals from WoS demonstrates some significant points, which can have important implications for researchers in evaluating and orienting their research.	5
We have proposed here a definition of bias that is clearly narrower but very concrete and precise: i.e., a biased editor is defined operationally as an editor that exerts a higher (lower) level of manuscript quality control.	5
This research represents an effort to identify IR critical success factors based on the perceived importance and the actual performance of the factors in the IR implementation and operation.	1
The first consists of basic technologies related to computation, electronics, and image production—namely, analog computers and digital data processing circuits (comparators and sorters), displays, electronic circuitry (chiefly circuits for generating pulses), information storage, control and regulation, and optics.	5
Thus, for example, in the current Leiden Ranking 2014 (www.leidenranking.com), 750 universities are compared with one another with the help of a range of indicators.	2
In our study, we showed that the SJR, JIF and 3-year IF continued to be significantly higher in SA group journals in most of the analyzed years.	5
The country names have been abbreviated according to the ISO standard.	0
Lotteries have been increasingly common in practice and have been implemented in New Zealand, Canada, Switzerland, Germany, the United Kingdom, and Austria.	4
The paper languages are fixed to English and the document type is “journal.”	2
To identify EHFE research fields during 2000-2018 3.	1
For the full list of Cabell's violation criteria, see the Appendix.	0
The results indicated that the higher the integration score and the novelty of publication, the greater the publication-level emergence score.	4
Statistics were performed using Microsoft Excel 2010 (Microsoft, Redmond, WA, USA) and SPSS 27.0 (SPSS, Chicago, IL, USA), to significance of p<0.05.	3
The article analyzes the processes of institutionalization of interdisciplinary centers.	1
Our empirical material centers on early-career scientists who applied for ERC Starting Grant (StG) funding, and then reached the final stage of StG evaluations.	2
In this work, we modeled the evolution mechanism of firms’ technological impact within lifecycles.	1
This comprehensive investigative process yielded data on 111,968 scholarly articles and calculated the CD index for each paper, the distribution of which is illustrated in Fig.	2
You are warmly invited to join us at the launch of our	0
Consequently, a rigorous editorial process including unbiased peer review and experienced senior editors remains the most important quality assurance in science.	5
Based on international publications of 72 countries/regions published from 1993 to 2013, we combine descriptive and panel regression methods to examine how the bonding of strong collaboration ties contributes to countries' international scientific performance.	1
The main findings are labelled with letters (F1, F2, etc.) to aid navigation.	0
Table 4 indicates that the median citation of two-author articles with only one affiliation is almost identical to that for two-author articles with two affiliations.	4
Integrating a geographically diverse group of researchers has the potential to enrich the discussions and learning in such a programme.	5
VOSviewer program, a software tool designed specifically for bibliometric analysis, was employed for the visualization of the retrieved data.	3
Based on the calculation model of Rao-Stirling (RS) Diversity (Stirling, 2007), we integrate the three primary evaluation dimensions into a single expression:	3
This confirms the expectation of the topic-based cluster division.	4
These have their own data bases, usually based on subscription, i.e.	0
In particular, the focus lies on different citation behaviour of and for conference proceedings and the implications for bibliometric indicators.	1
As the representative of prominent scientists, understanding the Nobel laureates' research patterns throughout their careers are helpful to promote the science development.	1
So our first research question is: Do gender differences in research performance emerge at a later age?	1
Three guidelines and 15 systematic reviews and meta-analyses were also identified that cited retracted articles as valid work.	4
The opinions expressed in this NHLBI Page are not necessarily those of the editors or of the American Heart Association.	0
A co-authorship network is an important class of social networks and has been used extensively to determine the structure of scientific collaborations and the status of individual researchers (Garfield 1979).	3
We called this latter feature the productivity (PROD) of the given author.	3
Nevertheless, countries with low investments can choose alternative paths, including higher international collaboration or publication in Q1 journals that lead to higher impact and recognition of the research in the country.	5
The total amount of carbon stocked in both wooden houses and plantation forests does not vary significantly by scenario, but there are some differences in the shares of carbon stocks over time by house type and by tree species (Fig.	4
A wider book index by WoS can be a main reason for better performance over the Scopus.	5
Institute of Science, Technology and Society, Henan Normal University, 453002 Xinxiang, People's Republic of China	0
A total of 901 documents were identified including 869 available abstracts were retrieved for content-review of human incidence cases, mortality, culprit Vibrio species, strains, and biotypes.	2
Overall, 25 anesthesiology journals indexed in MEDLINE database were retrospectively analyzed for the time required during different stages of publication process.	2
This study developed a sampling frame of academics by scanning marketing, tourism, and international business departmental web sites of universities across the five continents.	2
In our empirical analysis, we can use a rich panel dataset from a leading European, comprehensive research university (KU Leuven, Belgium).	2
Using a straightforward piecewise linear interpolation of the rank-frequency function c(x) (Schreiber, 2007, 2008b; Guns & Rousseau, 2009) one can avoid the inequalities and define the interpolated h-index h by c(h) = h and the interpolated g-index g by c(g) = g or, equivalently, by s(g) = g2.	3
For the current work we adopt the 10% threshold and the WoS subject category classification of articles.	3
In total, fifty-one interviews were conducted in twelve different research groups.	2
One observes in the table that the coefficients of variation of the weighted-counting classifications are lower than those of the full-counting classifications.	4
2010) as well as through the massive recruitment of highly cited scientists for part-time and full-time research positions in these institutions (Bhattacharjee 2011).	4
Is the problem one of working at the same institution where the faculty were trained or is it one of lacking external academic experiences?	1
Using data form Chemical Abstracts Plus, Web of Science, Scopus, and Russian Science Citation Index, a bibliometric and thematic analysis of scientific publications by V.A.	1
Countries should work together to increase the effect of research funding by strengthening national and international coordination and collaborations, harmonising research activities, and collectively pooling resources to fund multidisciplinary projects.	5
After obtaining the grant, the winners start to appear as last or other authors more often, becoming more of a support engine driving research communities of single-authored publications (32%; 16%; 36 %).	4
The silo publication that characterized the AIM did nothing to extend them.	5
The search strategy involved using the Seal option, then ranking the journals to identify the biggest publishers, the number of journals and the number of articles in March 2019.	3
In all, 11 models were calculated, one for raw citation data and one for field-normalized citation data (Table 4).	0
It should be mentioned, that the results of the analysis of other journals (not presented here) show similar patterns.	0
The United States was the most productive country with 205 publications (41.8 %).	4
From the raw citation matrix R, we construct a weighted cross-citation matrix Z such that Zij gives us the weighted number of times that author j has cited author i.	3
Pharmacology pharmacy is the main research category, with 669 papers (26.288%), followed by neurosciences neurology (529, 19.895%) and anesthesiology (457, 17.187%).	4
The two-way fixed effects models were used to examine the association between medical service price levels and income levels, and further investigate the impacts of price differences on utilization of medical services and medical expenditure.	3
In addition to the prominent positions of the aforementioned topics, it is also worth underscoring some other observations prompted by this strategic diagram.	0
We sourced 1,359,750 publications from Web of Science, which were classified as physics disciplines and were published from Jan.	2
Participants were 120 individuals selected as Doris Duke Fellows during their doctoral training at universities in the United States.	2
We use the Interplanetary File System (IPFS) as a storage medium to conduct surveys between oracles and surveyees.	3
Participants consisted of members of the C4H project research teams, including PIs (males, N = 5; females, N = 3-all University professors) and research associates at the postdoctoral or early researcher levels.	2
The empirical analysis convincingly demonstrates the benefit of the approach taken in this article, both in terms of a first proof of the indicator concept as well as in terms of the modelling approach and obtained results with statistical reliability.	5
The two new methods introduced here for calculating national citation impact estimators for individual subject areas within different countries give results that are broadly comparable overall to the previous arithmetic mean method, giving them credibility as potential replacements.	5
In our analysis, we employed a stepwise methodology to assess the effectiveness of various bibliometric indicators.	3
The research reveals the diversity in method usage, innovation in method development, and the evolving patterns driving method development over time in the LIS discipline.	5
Also, at least one of the authors of both papers should be the same and the documents should have different IDs in WoS and different publication source titles.	3
Finally, the third objective is to conduct a pilot, randomized trial comparing the effectiveness of distributing reports in only written format to a more intensive intervention directed at research leaders that includes both the written feedback report plus intervention phone discussions with members of our study team, reviewing and interpreting reports.	1
On the other hand, 80.9% of the respondents felt that their research work did not directly help their group to produce or implement any technological process innovation (Table I).	4
Spearman correlations were used to compare citations and downloads since both are highly skewed.	3
Overall, postretraction citation diminishes at approximately the same rate across the retracted biomedical literature regardless of accessibility or publishing model.	5
This paper reports results on a bibliometric case study of the long-term development of research organizations, using an internationally leading biomedical institute as example.	1
Initial screening of data resulted in the deletion of 19 respondents from further analysis, retaining n=303 (176 males and 127 females).	2
The distribution of the citation-based performance follows a power law with exponent of ?2.46 ± 0.05.	4
Putting our findings together, our paper reveals insights about collaboration among authors and institutions in the AP region.	5
Even though COVID research was, by and large, more 'observational' in nature and less experimentally controlled than non- or pre-COVID research, we found that COVID-related studies were more likely to use 'stronger' (i.e.	4
Table 6 displays the results of a set of Logit regressions where the dependent variable is the probability of an author's exclusion from the inventorship of a related patent.	3
In both models the extent to which a paper is reviewed is related to its citation impact; however, the turnaround time is also significant in the models but it is negatively associated with citation impact.	4
Magnetism is a commonly observed phenomenon in the macroscopic world, but its origins lie in the quirky quantum-mechanical property of electrons and certain nuclei known as spin.	1
Participants were selected through a cluster sampling procedure that was used to identify research scientists from within a one of Ghana's foremost research organization, the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR, 2017).	2
a Net Impact Score was computed for each department.	3
1 The Fuzzy Sets Theory field was founded by Zadeh in 1965 (for more information see Zadeh, 1965, 2008).	0
Table III indicates that the most dramatic relative decrease of nodes remaining in the giant component consistently occurs when the threshold increases from 0.6 to 0.7.	4
One key issue, however, is still up in the air: what is the appropriate level for scientific credit diffusion, researcher level or paper level?	1
The geography of scientific knowledge production is understood as a process through which locally produced knowledge claims become accepted as scientific elsewhere.	5
This problem can be eliminated by the recently proposed integral synchronic journal impact factor (Fang, 2020), which can adopt a long citation window without reducing the value of the index.	5
Economists strongly agree that pressure has increased over the last decade, as shown in Fig.	4
Bolstered by the fa?ade of scientific neutrality, these classification systems have reinforced the hegemonic model of higher education – that of the elite, Anglo-Saxon research university on a global scale.	1
Two-sample Kolmogorov–Smirnov (K–S) test for linguistic characteristics between “Top 20% papers" and "BTM 20% papers" categories are provided and p-values of K-S test are shown in Tables 8 and 10, indicating that the differences of the characteristics among categories are statistically significant or not.	3
As a newly integrated field, the current boundaries and landscape of TRS research are in need of definition.	1
While our interpretation of these results is speculative, we believe that our observations may highlight an important dynamic within the AI research community that merits further investigation.	5
For example, researchers may include or delete outliers from a manuscript depending on which course of action results in a larger effect-size estimate (Aguinis, Gottfredson, & Joo, 2013).	4
The results indicate that ChatGPT is poor at discriminating between human- and AI-generated abstracts.	4
It turned out that only eight articles, less than 1.7%, had a limitation section.	4
Is the Mathew Effect for internationally collaborative articles stronger than it is for domestic collaborative articles?	1
The results show that collaborating with such top-funded scientists has a positive effect on a scientist's number of publications, hence confirming our theoretical predictions.	4
While the TF score is a discovering tool with the potential to be used in webometric studies to find influential publications, a few technical limitations jeopardize the general applicability of this indicator for research evaluation at the publication level.	5
Nearly seven thousand publications, which comprise the entirety of retractions visible through PubMed as of August 2019, were used.	2
Here, we make a bibliometric analysis of publications in Symmetry from 2009 to 2019.	1
Two hundred and six (206) Scopus records for first-year Neurosurgery residents were identified across 99 different programs nationwide.	4
In this study, through a systematic analysis of publications in six peer-reviewed endodontic journals, we have shown that social media mentions are weakly, but markedly, correlated with academic citations.	5
We found a significant correlation between extensity centrality-Newman and betweenness centrality.	4
Each keyword was analysed to determine whether it indicated a more open type of bibliometrics.	3
Space science (47.4%), multidisciplinary research (44.0%), and neuroscience and behavior (40.6%) were the three areas with the highest proportion of multinational authorship papers.	4
The combination of patent co-classification analysis and social network analysis can determine the core technology and intermediary technology categories in the target technology network (Yoon et al.	3
Now that our work has been placed in its proper context, we first note that we will focus on scientific fields instead of journals and articles.	0
The United States, Germany and England have the most influential publications.	4
Only one case was studied and described in the text of the article.	2
Another limitation of this work is that it did not consider the expansion of the Web of Science database over time.	5
To conduct our analyses, we use data from a national survey of scholars and engineers in 108 top research universities.	2
Further information on research design is available in the Nature Portfolio Reporting Summary linked to this article.	0
PubMed and Embase databases were screened using a designed search strategy for errata and corrigenda in neurosurgical articles published between 1990 and March 2021.	2
A different approach to study the effect on rank order of adding citations to calculate JIFn is to compute the minimum number of citations that a given journal needs to change its position.	3
We analyze the effect of OARE on (1) scientific output and (2) scientific input as a measure of accessibility in five developing countries.	1
What strategies do researchers follow to read paywalled articles?	1
Documents including "non-melanoma" (n = 9) and "uveal” (n = 11) within the title were not considered for analysis in this study, therefore, these publications were excluded from the study.	2
In conclusion, as we have shown, ACS members have expressed specific interest in a number of ethical issues related to publications, plagiarism, data-handling, and ethical decision-making.	5
However, a thorough study on journal editors' perceptions is required to further adress this topic.	0
However, there is low altmetric presence and lack of correlation with citation counts in Business-Finance and Law disciplines.	4
Estimations also show that internal social capital moderates this curvilinear relationship, making it possible to achieve higher research performance at higher levels of multidisciplinarity.	4
The study considered all the papers deposited to bioRxiv and MedRxiv from January 1st, 2014 and 2020, corresponding to the first full calendar year after the launch of each database respectively, to December 31st, 2023.	2
The results also reveal “super commenters," users who access the platform to systematically review publications.	4
Field theory provides a useful framework for dealing with the problem identified in the previous section.	3
In all of science there is no such thing as the one “true” indicator.	0
The second hypothesis is that there will be remarkable differences between areas, both with respect to the presence of types of funding sectors and from the viewpoint of impact and collaboration of articles with such funding.	1
Collaboration is said to lead to increased research output and impact, hence the need for sub-Saharan African researchers and institutions to initiate strategies that will create conducive environments for research collaboration.	5
This study provides a valuable reference for researchers to understand the overview and present situations in this field.	5
Book visibility in WorldCat depends on book acquisitions and metadata providers.	4
This study aimed to assess the relative value of these novel bibliometrics in a single UK Deanery General Surgical Consultant cohort.	1
This study examines patterns of dynamic disciplinary knowledge production and diffusion.	1
What was at the heart of this conception was a distinction made between two constitutive dimensions of (performance) measurement.	0
So, one might ask, is the title of 'citation classic' deserved in this case?	0
For this reason, this work covers 13 years (2007–2020).	2
The first is that such SBs were ahead of their time.	5
We then pay special attention to Academicians and their roles in academic inbreeding and publication productivity.	1
Therefore, the overall objective of the present research was to study the Web references used by scientists in their publications, the purpose being to respond to the following research questions: How have Web references changed in behaviour over 15 years, considering alternating periods (1999, 2004, 2009 and 2013) in two categories corresponding to quite different disciplines: Library and Information Science (a social science) and Legal Medicine (an empirical science)?	1
This hypothesis is tested by operationalizing the notion of “elite scientists” as scientists with a high h-index (within a fixed field) and comparing the h-indices of authors citing Nobel Prize-winning papers with those of authors citing a comparison group of non-Nobel Prize-winning papers to explore the possibility of identification of a certain type of transformative research, namely sparking papers leading to a Nobel Prize.	1
The annual frequency of these papers decreased over time, particularly in 2013: in 2009 and 2014, it was 5.2% and 1.7%, respectively.	4
The cost/benefit analysis originally developed for infrastructures in the economic sector has recently been extended by Florio et al.	1
Contrary to bibliometric analyses published in other medical fields, the largest subset of the diabetes articles (n = 54) were published in the 10-year period between 2000 and 2009.	4
It calls for a tool that combines scientific impacts and social focuses to visualize relevant papers from a specific research area and time period, and to find important and interesting papers.	1
The h-index is a bibliometric device, developed by Hirsch in 2005, to measure productivity and impact of scientists, institutions or countries at a point of time.	3
Of the 4763 papers targeted, 134 papers (2.8 %) do not have any paper-paper citations, while 2922 papers (61.4 %) do not have any paper-patent citations.	4
Our study delves deeply into the complexities of fraud detection for highly imbalanced datasets.	5
1160 records were downloaded from the SSCI and SCIE database from the category of economics.	2
The proportion of trainees reported as first authors decreased slightly over the study period from 83% to 69%.	4
The content of the survey was informed by focus groups conducted prior to the survey at five North American research universities.	2
A continuous increase in total citations in both periods was observed (mean 2347 ± 1622 before and 2627 ± 3374 after the crisis).	4
Many editors approach inviting reviewers as a challenge of intellectual match-making; that is, identifying "people who (...) [the author(s)] really should be in further conversation with, so that they can actually get a paper that contributes more specifically to STS" (editorial team #65).	4
Defining the unit of coding is one of the most important things to take into consideration (Weber 1990).	0
Through clicking on this link, the website will launch and if the website is the one you have visited before (for example you received an advertisement E-mail suggesting the link of a given journal), it is a real and ISI indexed journal; if there is any difference between the two links, the journal is definitely a fake one.	4
In this study, we make use of the standard bibliometric databases in the WoS by Thomson Reuters.	2
We encourage journal teams to adopt the recommendations we have made in this article as they aspire to provide higher standards of peer review.	5
The P(k) of each empirical data set emerges a generalized Poisson and a power-law in small and large k regions, respectively, where there exists a crossover between the two regions.	4
The mixed response may also reflect the mode of operation of the RAE as a governing technology, which is based on devolved responsibility via peer review, split ‘steering' between government and institutional management, and build-up of commitment as individuals and institutions invest in the protracted process of interpreting the guidelines, preparing the submissions, and managing the uncertainty of outcomes.	5
Hypothesis 1 (Interdisciplinarity): Research integrating multi- disciplinary knowledge is more likely to address emerging technological topics than research involving disciplinary- focused knowledge.	1
Relevant documents were identified from the Web of Science database using an optimised title-field specific search Boolean that accommodated all pre-set inclusion criteria for the study.	2
Regarding the results obtained from the analysis of the publications on ESCI, its indisputable enhancement of Social Science and Humanities journal coverage goes a long way to filling a void in the Web of Science core collections, affording journals dealing with new disciplines greater visibility and including consolidated publications in languages and countries, not sufficiently covered in the core collection.	5
To be useful, Mendeley reader counts must correlate more strongly than early citation counts, otherwise the latter would be preferable.	1
recruitment/human capital, data/infrastructure and various collaborative arrangements), and epistemic effects such as extension into new problem areas and higher degrees of risk taking in research generally.	1
We determined the gender of reviewers using a combination of several methods, as shown in Fig.	3
The improvement in the fit of the NB model compared to the Poisson model is remarkable in all subject categories and journals analyzed.	4
No se aprecia un mal comportamiento en ninguna de las áreas, de modo que se puede concluir que con la entrada en Web of Science (WoS) y Scopus, EPI entra en un ciclo virtuoso que le ha llevado a ampliar su ámbito temático de una forma exitosa, obteniendo niveles de impacto y de excelencia superiores a los originales de la revista.	5
We present a case study of a collaborative digital humanities project that was led by academic librarians and participated by IT specialists and international scholars.	1
An electronic survey was then administered to the identified investigators to obtain additional demographic data, and information regarding their career paths, research environment, and perceived barriers to obtaining federal funding.	3
supervisors whose duty it is to prepare their students for successful careers in academia.	5
The source of information was the Web of Science (WoS) database.	2
The purpose of this study was to determine the 50 most cited articles in orthopedic cartilage surgery and the characteristics that make them important to practitioners and researchers within the field.	1
In this study, bibliometric analysis and scientific mapping methods are adopted.	3
Research synthesis methods have contributed to changes in the practice and use of research in diverse fields across science.	5
This initial title list was assembled using all journals from five subject areas: Chemical Technology (34 journals), Electrical and Nuclear Engineering (65 journals), Industrial Engineering (23 journals), Materials (44 journals), and Transportation (31 journals).	2
In this paper, we analysed the contribution of different disciplines within multidisciplinary research that secured grants.	1
To understand the current status of the subject matter, a bibliometric analysis was carried out, given that it is a pertinent methodology to identify the scientific production, impact and trajectory of the area of knowledge in a scientific context.	3
‘Authoritative journals’: it is distributed in the first quadrant, with high discourse influence and discourse leading.	4
We found a clear binary division between the academic knowledge fields: For the sciences and medicine the h-index is important for the researchers themselves and for their disciplines, while for the humanities and social sciences, economics, and law the h-index is considerably less important.	4
The current methods for detecting plagiarism are suboptimal.	5
Journals graded B and C had a significantly higher citation impact over conferences with the same rating.	4
Clicks and impressions driven by TrendMD were found to be independent predictors of citations and Mendeley saves; disciplines that received the greatest number of clicks from TrendMD had the greatest citation advantage at 12 months.	4
The paper also investigated the number of Arab scholars who are publishing in predatory journals and the reasons that drive them to select these journals to share their scholarly findings.	1
Based on these parameters, our sample comprised 73 accounting journals.	2
The results in this study support that the subfield and even the discipline (specialty) are influencing obsolescence.	5
For this study, three performance indicators (number of publications, number of citations, and collaborations) were systematically analysed.	3
As stated previously, this outcome is a likely reflection of the increasing pool of potential Nobel candidates, which may urge the Nobel Prize Committee members to take advantage of the option to split the award between up to three winners in a particular year.	4
With CUR as a case, we construct the dynamic co-word network to analyze the characteristics of development about the knowledge system (KS).	1
Our results demonstrate that the review process is not a crapshoot; reviewers are providing useful information and editors are using this information to make reasonable decisions.	5
Note however that this number is based on a low number of observations.	0
The data on which the analysis is based consists of interviews with researchers and stakeholders and various kinds of documents, such as scientific publications, reports, theses, administrative documents, web pages and news items in the media.	2
First, we discuss previous review studies in business ethics and explain how our bibliometric study can improve and complement their findings.	0
Training on open access publishing is recommended by the authors for librarians to increase their knowledge and confidence to discuss open access with faculty members in future.	5
The model is: c(t) = c(0) - α (t^p / (t^p + β))	3
The results offer valuable insights for language educators and program designers, emphasizing the significance of promoting resilience, autonomy, and engaging online pedagogies to support EFL learners' motivation and psychological health in the face of the unique demands of remote instruction.	5
Researcher reflection and meeting minute themes converged within the framework constructs: Contexts and inputs, social learning processes, social capital outcomes, and knowledge and human capital outcomes.	4
We examined the widespread trend of predatory publishing for Pakistani public and private HEls, explicitly focusing on Physical Education and Sports Sciences (PESS).	1
The remainder of the article goes as follows: “Discovering know-how: implementation issues" section presents some of the implementation issues regarding patent citation net- works partitioning and our approach to test their validity;	0
Correlations between total publications, first author publications and USN&WR ratings, correlations between the number of citing articles to total publications excluding self-citing articles, citations to first author publications and USN&WR ratings, and correlations between the total publications h-index, first author h-index and USN&WR ratings were then compared using Steiger's (1980) Z test procedure.	3
First and foremost, we found that participants highlighted that individual factors were the most important factors that contributed to research misconduct.	4
Linear regression for the geometric mean: For each subject and year, a statistical model was built to estimate the mean normalised citation count for articles from each country.	3
The output of papers is from the Science Citation Index-Expanded using fractional counts, and patents from the USPTO.	2
The export contains metadata of 1,125,330 citing papers, including 6,270,528 cited references.	2
We compared 50 years (1970-2019) of documents on 60 medium and large-sized (heavier than 1 kg) mammal species, in Scopus and the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection, considering number of documents and four citation indicators at the species level (h-index, citation rate, total citations, and citations per year).	2
Temporal mobility is defined using a taxonomy which was developed based on the affiliations linked to an author as reported on publications over the years.	3
Co-authoring: two nodes (researchers) are connected if they have co-authored a scientific paper.	3
This paper investigates the impact of long-term international scientific mobility – associated with advanced training or research positions – on knowledge network formation and network persistence.	1
Commenting rates for most journals show a slight decline over recent years.	4
First, as the team is getting larger, the likelihood of alphabetical ordering diminishes; a result consistent with prior studies (Brown et al., 2011; Torgler & Piatti, 2013).	4
In conclusion, although the absolute number of Greek biomedical articles continued to increase during the crisis, the share of Greek articles in the global production decreased as a result of the higher increase in article production mainly in Asian countries.	5
This effect is captured by a between-group inequality IDCC term in a certain partition of the overall citation distribution by countries and quantiles, where IDCC stands for citation Inequality attributable to Differences in Citation impact across Countries.	3
Research works by authors from the USA, Canada, England, Australia and Spain are of higher impact than the world average whereas papers by Indian authors could make a lesser impact than the global average (RCI 0.63).	5
We use Monte Carlo method to generate the distribution:	2
The results of this study shows that Captures and Usage indicators measure very different aspects of research impact, although both of them show some similarity from the perspective of citations.	4
We hope that the analysis of past patterns of publication in this paper can help future editors and authors to develop priorities for the future.	5
First, we propose two correlation metrics to disclose the correlation in term of topic distribution from scientists' publication sequence, which verifies that the productivity and the impact is related to the evolution of scientists' research interests.	5
coastal erosion and flooding and risk and extreme events) to the changing environment.	5
These findings suggest that, at the four Vietnamese universities, even though research has been formally structured and organized, the management of research has not yet been professionalized.	5
Our research question compares the following two scenarios in which a reviewer evaluates an academic paper.	1
H2 Including at least one question in communication research articles' titles increases the articles' (a) usage count and (b) citation.	1
Since the study aimed to analyze the dynamics of top publications (Q1) and the lowest quality of publications (Q4) in the two Russian universities groups, the number of publications in journals of the highest (Q1) and lowest (Q4) quartiles according to their journal impact factor (JIF) was used.	3
The top 6 impact factor (IF) orthodontic journals as listed in 2017 Journal Citation Reports (JCR, Clarivate Analytics, Philadelphia, PA, USA) were examined in this study, namely Orthodontics & Craniofacial research (OCR; IF, 2.077), European Journal of Orthodontics, (EJO; IF, 2.033), American Journal of Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics (AJODO; IF, 1.842), The Korean Journal of Orthodontics (KJO; IF, 1.617), The Angle Orthodontist (AO; IF, 1.592), and Progress in Orthodontics (PIOR; IF, 1.250).	2
The constant elasticity of substitution (CES) production function belongs to the family of neoclassical production functions that display a constant change in output as a result of any change in input parameters [15].	3
Hypothesis 1 proposes a positive relationship between number of research areas and academic collaboration.	4
The objective of the study is to investigate the patterns of retractions through the team size and retracted citations.	1
This research uses qualitative research method with comparative case studies approach.	3
Our data uses the entire population of French academic economists for the years 1990–2007, which has been collected with the assistance of the French Ministry of Higher Education and Research, and of the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS).	2
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/rev/article/31/2/236/6525023 by Nanjing Agricultural University user on 22 May 2025	0
Our results suggest that, while manpower needs for publication have increased, less manpower is actually required to generate ETs these days and that pre-participation in certain research topics has become important to generate regular ETs but not Nobel Prize-class ones.	4
The EM-index of an author is the square root of the sum of the component of EM-index.	3
This study was conducted to analyse the association of retraction on citations received by retracted papers due to misconduct using two-time frames: during a postretraction period equivalent to the time the article had been in print before retraction; and during the total postretraction period.	1
We leveraged centrality measures [2] and rank aggregation techniques [11,12] to derive a single consented ranking of important (or "influential") nodes in a collaboration network.	3
funding programs as a proxy indicator of academic engagement with industry, we test the above hypotheses through the prism of Ph.D.	1
Grant sponsors were categorized into seven categories: NIH, Department of Defense (DoD), National Science Foundation (NSF), federal institutes other than NIH/DoD/NSF (including US Department of Veterans Affairs [VA], Centers for Disease Control and Prevention [CDC], Food and Drug Administration [FDA], Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality [AHRQ], and Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute [PCORI], as well as federal awards from countries outside of the United States, etc.), foundational grants, industry-funded grants, and miscellaneous funds (institutional pilot funds, etc.).	3
The number of journals published from India assigned ISSN numbers by the Indian ISSN Centre at the National Science Library, National Institute of Science Communication and Information Resources (NISCAIR), New Delhi from 1986 to 2018 is 23,459.	2
In order to conduct the following analysis of the presence of Latin American journals in WoS and Scopus, we located the official datasets required: 2015 JCR (Clarivate Analytics, 2017a), which includes the data of the Latin American journals indexed in SCIE and SSCI; ESCI’s journal list (Clarivate Analytics, 2017c); the Scopus Source List (Elsevier, 2017b); and a list of 32 Latin American countries, for limiting the data analysis to such countries.	2
We identified Elsevier hybrid journals through Elsevier's APC list and supplemented our sample with Crossref metadata and text-mined invoicing data to investigate the invoicing of immediate OA articles provided under a Creative Commons (CC) license in subscription-based journals.	2
This study develops a descriptive analysis based on clusters of Latin American universities positioned in the world rankings of universities: ARWU, SIR Scimago, QS, and Webometrics in their 2019 editions and positioned among the Top 50.	1
of a journal i as the weighted average of its relative direct influence on all other journals, to each of which is accorded a weight indicative of its own attractiveness wj.	3
We show that a simple rank-transform of the resulting vector of the absolute deviation of cited references within RPYS analyses makes them amenable to comparative evaluation.	5
Using the same dataset as Perry and Reny (2016), we find weak empirical support for depth relevance among the top 50 US departments.	5
After this, co-authorship analyses via network visualizations and analyses to calculate related metrics were performed using the Pajek, VOSviewer and UCINET 6 network analyses software packages.	3
Part of the final dataset was downloaded directly from the Scopus website at https://journalmetrics.scopus.com, with the rest obtained from Scopus by request.	2
The most common misunderstanding was that OA journals were the products of a breed of new, not to be trusted publishers, interested in money above all else, when in fact many traditional publishers have OA journals.	4
Nineteen years later, after a full-fledged OECD Review, the extent to which the innovation system demonstrates continuity or change may be assessed.	1
Medical nutrition is a cost-effective intervention for a variety of patient populations.	0
As our results pertaining to the key players in the field of graduate education reveal, scholarship on the topic is led predominantly by researchers, institutions and countries located in Western English-speaking world with some minor exceptions.	5
This does not mean that such products should or could not be taken into account.	0
Here, a version of “content analysis of verbatim explanations” (LACS) used in organizational research (Silvester 2004) was used to assist in identifying the instrument's influence on researcher and environment, as enunciated by the researchers themselves.	3
The results indicate that the average number of policy mentions of the publications of economics journals is higher than the other subject areas included in the AJG list.	4
Because collaborations often come from or continue because of social networks (Sonnenwald, 2007), we used social network analysis techniques to identify factors correlated with co-authorship.	3
Firstly, we performed one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) with repeated measures and tested how the value of internationalization parameters changed over time in three groups of sciences (SS, H, and ENM) separately.	3
For the open questions, we applied a rough version of open coding Strauss and Corbin (1990, II.5) to derive a reasonable post-hoc classification of the responses so that we can quantify the frequency of the most common types of response.	3
The LSI method (Latent Semantic Indexing) groups the outcomes (words or phrases) according to the main keyword, and results in each group are semantically relevant.	3
The results reveal that high-quality publications usually appear irregular citation curves (wave-type and sleeping-beauty) and high-impact publications tend to show regular ones (lognormal-type, exponential-type and polynomial-type).	4
All descriptive statistics and correlations are presented in Table 1 and the Appendix.	0
The study summarizes that the current research topics envisage Covid-19 related discussions on mental health, psychosocial problems, unemployment, economic crisis, social distancing measures, tourism, and air pollution.	5
The results show that the scope of international collaborations in Digital Humanities research is broad, but the distribution among nations is unbalanced.	4
RQ3) What are the main research topics related to predatory publishing?	1
Thirty articles were selected as primary articles, and articles related to each of them were retrieved based on the mesh similarity metric.	3
However, confusion and controversy have hindered the proper statistical analysis of these data.	0
Finally, we conclude by summarising the findings and noting the limitations and directions for future research.	0
To normalize publication opportunity, the Radicchi index ranks articles by r/No, where r is the rank of an article by citation count and No is equal to the average number of publica-tions published in a discipline in a year.	3
RQ1: Has concentration in accounting journals changed over time?	1
In addition to total citations, it presents citations per year, and ‘Social Policy citations' (i.e.	3
In this segment the recent papers connected to the citation count calculation is discussed with recent existing papers.	0
Instances of editorial misconduct occurred in a slightly larger number before a paper's acceptance (n1 = 32, representing 58%) than after acceptance (n2 = 23, representing 42%).	4
The elicited priors implied that uncertainty around the treatment effect, and thus the predicted outcomes, increased over time - the 95% confidence interval around the predicted rate of falls was 1.4-1.6 falls one year after starting treatment, compared to 0.7-1.6 falls after five years.	4
The logarithm is taken for each variable to conform to the assumptions for Pearson correlation, namely, normality, linearity, and homoscedasticity.	0
In such contexts the participation ratio may provide valuable insights that complement mean publication counts and similar traditional measures to help institutional leaders with making informed decisions.	5
Measures of scientific merit and clinical importance of medical journal articles were strongly correlated with each other, less so with JIFs.	5
The second is based on a bibliometric analysis of the publication output.	1
The pressure is also perceived as an obstacle to conceiving long-term intellectual projects.	4
The total number of articles published, the impact factor, and the citation count were analyzed.	3
Most strikingly, the fact of running a hybrid-OA strategy adds 1,482USD.	4
and (3) How likely are you to recommend patenting this technology in the major markets for it outside the United States?	3
These results suggest that the Schubert-Gl?nzel's model of q-index is accurate and robust on the domain-wide bibliographic dataset of computer science.	5
More statistically significant, experimental vascular surgery papers were published prior to 1993 (11/30 compared with 0/111 afterward, p < 0.0001; Fisher exact test).	4
This paper presents a bibliometric overview of research published in operations research & management science in recent decades.	1
For the total period 1900 to 1990 it becomes apparent that the most frequently referenced publications can be found in the fifth segment (especially between 1960 and 1970).	4
The aim of the present study is two-fold; to explore the distributions of citations to ISLS papers and also to investigate the power law relationship between citation impact and ISLS journal sizes according to the number of each type of collaborative papers published: non-collaborative papers (i.e.	1
Admittedly our study displays a few limitations, which should be taken into account when interpreting the results.	0
Writing experts judged the edited papers as 0.6 standard deviations (SD) better written overall (1.22 points on an 11-point scale).	4
The bibliometric data used in this study were collected from the Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS) enhanced version of Thomson Reuters' WoS database in December 2014.	2
We therefore calculated an annual estimate of maximum costs for gold OA for 2009–2016.	3
Received June 27, 2013; accepted March 19, 2014; published online December 3, 2014	0
Remarks: Only including the categories to which all papers produced by the key projects are related.	0
The study is constructed upon two methods, bibliometric analysis, and topic modeling.	3
Drawing inspiration from conceptual frameworks employed in interdisciplinarity and biological diversity (Gates et al., 2019; Stirling, 2007), this study delineates temporal diversity into three primary dimensions: temporal variety, temporal imbalance, and temporal disparity.	3
Our mention index includes 1,095,765 mention links, extracted from 22,977 articles published in 12 journals.	4
The purpose of this study was to examine author representation and article characteristics of high-impact publications from the Canadian Journal of Cardiology (CJC) over a longitudinal period.	1
Linear regression was used to analyze trends in the quantity of publications from the four regions.	3
In summary, the chi-square test revealed that companies catering to English-speaking students were significantly more prone than those targeting Chinese-speaking students to employ condemnation of the condemners, denial of responsibility, and denial of victim techniques to manage the stigma attached to their service.	5
Articles were assigned to a region according to the first author's affiliation as given in the article.	3
Future studies to benchmark this performance with other bioethics education programs are required to make interpretation of citation analysis more meaningful.	5
The objective of this paper is to identify the dynamic structure of several time-dependent, discipline-level citation networks through a path-based method.	1
This study was conducted with a sample of biomedical researchers and students.	2
Data were retrieved from the database Web of Science (WoS; Thomson Scientific).	2
The vast majority of articles originated from the United States (n = 3227, 45.6%), followed by the United Kingdom (n = 401, 11.3%) and Germany (n = 257, 3.6%) (data not displayed).	4
Using the inbuilt Publons search, the top institutes of nine countries of Central Asia and neighbours were identified and data on their reviewers, number of publications, number of peer reviews completed were extracted.	1
Apart from these limitations, this work has been a first approach to the recent history and development of a new field with high social relevance and a gradual consolidation in Latin America.	5
The results from the publications bibliometric analyses are presented first, followed by the citations bibliometrics analysis.	0
We developed an R package called pmparser to convert the data in PubMed to a relational database.	1
The most frequent category was B for cancer centres (25%), whereas this was E in public teaching (22%) and non-teaching hospitals (28%), in not-for-profit private hospitals (25%), in the military hospital (30%), and in for-profit private hospitals (24%).	4
This research delves into the entanglement of international mobility and the doctoral mentor's role through a 4-year longitudinal study encompassing ten postdocs from a prestigious Chinese university's department.	1
This study was conducted to explore a bibliometric approach to assess in where the cutaneous malignant melanoma (CMM) related MCAs have been published.	1
The amount of OA articles stored in different types of repositories is larger than that on the Web sites of the OA journals themselves.	4
Our results show a strong positive correlation between the two indexes across all levels.	4
Moreover, with the identified increases in public investment and government support, academia and corporations have made tremendous contributions to innovation.	5
In 2009–2018, the topic importance of ANNs was positive correlated to the time series r = 0.67 (Spearman's rank correlation coefficient), p < 0.01, which suggests that ANNs had a research process that was gradually accumulating interest.	4
AI has several sub-fields, but here we only collected papers from the sub-fields of computer vision, pattern recognition, machine learning, and interdisciplinary data science.	5
Our main results suggest that the Mexican Diaspora tends to work in efficient research groups in their respective area of knowledge or discipline.	5
The proportion of international collaboration is growing in all countries in 2019–2020, which contrasts with the situation of the last two decades.	4
Because of the skewness of the data, a series of nonparametric analyses of variance (ANOVA) with and without years-since-graduation as a covariate were ran to test for differences in Google Scholar indices.	3
Effect of collaboration on quality and impact of papers (part I).	0
However, top basic science journals had higher Japan representation during 2001-2010 compared to 1991-2000.	5
The analysis reported here focuses on the 81 participants (across all three rounds) who discussed their use, or non-use, of SNS.	2
Statistical analysis was performed with Sigmastat 3.5 from SYSTAT with intersnapshot analysis of variance on ranks and Dunn’s pairwise comparison.	3
The method may have real significance while comparing h-index values (whether of journals, individuals or other actors) between different fields, time frames, etc.	5
We have studied how simple statistical simulation can reveal the implications of different funding allocation mechanisms both to the system output (scientific impact) as well as to the internal state of the system and individual researchers.	5
The results point to Physical Sciences being consistently different for open peer review, with Social Sciences being partly different.	0
The names of the universities are kept anonymous and referred at all times as higher education institutions (hei)	0
RQ4b: If health related content is linked to, who is the originator of that content?	1
At the overall level, the average value of FSSTS(5%) is 5.53.	4
Over the long term, as new tools are introduced and the field of bibliometric analysis continues to evolve, the library hopes to provide mechanisms to not only analyze research impact but project it and evaluate the greater effect that specific EPA research projects are having on the scientific community.	5
This paper focuses on multiple criteria evaluation and ranking of journals, applying Multiple Criteria Decision Making (MCDM) method.	3
The Scopus classification consists of 334 subject areas (SAs) that are grouped in 27 macro-categories.	2
The disconnected components in these collaboration networks were extracted as topical scientific communities after removing isolated nodes, resulting in 5110 TSCs for the 50 topics.	4
The Corylus avellana literature search was performed using Elsevier Scopus electronic scientific databases, based on articles, conference papers, reviews, book chapters, notes, press articles and letters.	2
Since its migration in 2012, the journal has registered 12,651 total downloads of 219 total documents across 11 issues published.	4
We developed a correspondence table between WHO ICD-10 and MeSH descriptors to compare global health needs and research efforts.	3
In CHum we found that single-authored papers are predominant and the trend over time holds steady; there is a significant increase in dual- and triple- authored papers.	4
We constructed a database including all competitive research projects funded by the Estonian Research Council (www.etag.ee) between 2013–2022.	2
Data were obtained through a survey of researchers, research group leaders and heads of departments and centres where these researchers worked, as well as through content analysis of researchers' annual reports.	2
It is shown that emphasizing the most widely-used RAM, the two-year impact factor of a journal, can lead to a distorted evaluation of journal quality, impact and influence relative to the harmonic mean of the ranks.	5
Lack of a budget for OA-agreements, no cooperation from university management, and researchers' unfamiliarity with OA were among the most prominent barriers.	4
Ogmios is a CRIS that automatically extracts and combines information from different sources, such as academic social networks or academic search engines.	1
The total number of articles recovered were 12,108.	2
The USA and the UK are the top contributors to COVID-19 vaccine development, with the largest number of publications.	4
Error terms between items 6 and 7 (0.29) as well as items 2 and 3 (0.32), 2 and 4 (0.25), and 3 and 4 (0.30) are correlated.	0
Romanovsky (2012) Revised h index for biomedical research, Cell Cycle, 11:22, 4118-4121, DOI: 10.4161/cc.22179	0
American Sociological Association is collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to Sociology of Education.	0
Assessing Iranian state university web sites in terms of averages, reliability came first while efficiency came second and the ranking was similar to the results for the evaluation of Spanish university web sites (Olsina et al., 1999), but was different concerning usability and functionality, as functionality came third and usability was in the fourth ranking.	5
Fast completion of the PGRP and early enrolment in the programme were associated with scientific publishing and PhD recruitment.	5
For creating the dTS measure, we re-classified forward citing publications using the first author’s affiliation (rather than the journal’s subject code), such that those with lead authors in clinical science departments are classified as clinical science publications and classify forward citing articles as non-clinical publications otherwise.	3
We discuss the benefits and shortcomings of Library mediation; its effects on the relationship between the Library, senior management and researchers, and the increasing necessity for the Library to lead towards a culture of openness beyond policy compliance.	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY-March 2011 469	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Objective: The purpose of this study was to identify the 100 top-cited articles in endodontics and analyse their bibliometric characteristics.	1
In total, we retrieved more than 30 million papers involving 22 disciplines; the discipline distribution of the papers is shown in Appendix A-Table A1.	2
This article analyzes repeat authors within academic journals as a possible exemplar of the Matthew Effect.	1
* Corresponding author at: Dipartimento di Ingegneria dell'Impresa, Università degli Studi di Roma “Tor Vergata”, Via del Politecnico 1, 00133 Rome, Italy.	0
The results showed that overall, three lexical complexity measures (i.e., LS2, NDW-50, and AdvV) significantly correlated with NAASS.	4
A simple query (‘‘dye sensitized solar cell OR DSSC’’) and a complex query were used to identify the DSSC literature.	3
The study is based on an online survey, conducted on 48 journals during Spring 2020, in which visitors were asked to indicate their background and allow their location and download behaviour be tracked.	2
The data used to conduct the numerical experiment were collected from the JCR 2003 database with a home-made software, and all the citations in articles published in 2003 to articles published between 1994 and 2003 were considered.	2
The highest number of articles came from Europe (38%).	4
This conceptual article explores the idea of academic collaboration from a perspective that places knowledge in the centre of the inquiry.	1
In this article we identify how academic evaluators engage with the responsible metrics agenda, via semi-structured interview and open-text survey responses on professorial hiring, tenure and promotion assessments among senior academics in the United States—a country that has so far been less visibly engaged with the responsible metrics reform agenda.	1
although the number of OA journals has increased rapidly between 2011 and 2021, their share of total publications is still significantly lower than that of non-OA journals;	4
Second, I provide an account of the semi-general social mechanisms through which university rankings may generate reactive outcomes that transform universities instead of just measuring their quality, focusing on the mechanisms of self-fulfilling prophecy, Matthew effect, data manipulation based on reverse engineering, and narrative.	3
Our main empirical result is evidence of a systematic link between research productivity and an individual's decision to become eligible to conduct inspections of universities.	5
Articles from 2000 to 2015 were gathered from the PubMed and EMBASE databases through specific search criteria in an inclusive fashion to capture all possible relevant publications.	2
Perhaps they simply saw 100 as a nicely convenient round figure?	0
The phenomenon of dropping impact would be directly related with the journals chosen for publication, and it points to the paradox of inclusion in national journals in the major international databases as a factor making the impact of the country (and/or discipline) decline considerably; national output recently incorporated implies a series of patterns of publication and collaboration that are not uniform with international standards (Gómez et al.	5
In this section, the findings obtained based on the research questions are expressed in order:	0
For example, there are proxies, which bring out some features of the role and quality of Irish arts and humanities research.	3
In this section, we analyse: i) the consistency between elements of a policy instrument and between instruments within the same governance domain, and ii) the consistency between different governance domains.	0
To create a set of publications in forest science, we used the so-called Fields of Research (FoR) classification in the Dimensions database, an article-based classification that follows the Australian and New Zealand Standard Research Classification.	3
In research, the authors utilize an improved selection criterion of journals and author-supplied keyword clustering and analysis technique to study the most recent ten years of LIS journal publications.	3
It analyses the most frequent authors, institutions, countries, citation performance, and emerging themes of JOM.	1
In terms of citation context, reference re-citations usually serve as supplementary explanations of their first-time mention within the citing paper.	4
Starting from a subject category of 870 (the serial number of CLIS in CSSCI), this study retrieved records for all papers and their authors from CSSCI between 2003 and 2012, using this data as a foundation to construct DKS.	2
Against this backdrop, the aim of this paper is to show, through a theoretical discussion and an empirical case study focusing on economics, how the use of indices and rankings at the journal level may fail to capture the huge variance in quality across the different articles.	1
We categorized each degree's ethics training requirement as “required” if an ethics course was required for a student to graduate and “not required” if an ethics course was not required for graduation.	3
RQ1: Which nationalities dominate/control the editorial boards of the major journals in communication sciences?	1
The article topic that drew attention most was osteochondral defects.	4
This research removes the mystique of the U.S.	1
This study aims to investigate the impact of inbreeding on productivity, distinguishing various forms of inbreeding, and to explore the mechanism behind which inbreeding is translated into productivity, drawing on in-depth longitudinal data of academics' careers in a university department in Japan.	1
For our matched sample, we first collected the number of Facebook likes for 300 manuscripts on the HBS Working Knowledge website (http://hbswk.hbs.edu/)	2
Universities in Brazil, Chile, Argentina, Mexico, and Colombia stand out for their positioning, mainly in SIR Scimago.	5
Median impact factor (and interquartile range), according to subject category over years.	0
Due to the differences in citations between disciplines and the significant impact of time on citations, we introduce a fixed-effect ordinary least squares regression to control for the impact of these two factors on citations.	3
Acknowledgments The authors are grateful to anonymous referees and editors for their invaluable and insightful comments.	0
In May 2014, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang addressed the World Research Council's annual meeting in Beijing.	1
The searching keyword phrase "Injury-International Journal of the Care of the Injured" was searched as a publication name and considered the impact factor (IF1997 to IF2022) related years from 1995 to 2021 (data updated on 30 July 2023).	2
For Russia, I used the results of this study as well as of two other projects I had been a part of in 2015- 2020.	2
Conflicts of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
The publication is considered to belong to a certain country if at least one of the authors of this specific publication is affiliated with this country.	2
There is almost no difference between the performance of our three models.	0
Our finding that these programmes have the greatest influence on scientific production can guide policy makers' decisions.	5
It seems that countries form a continuum in their approach to 'grey' publishers, from those who seem to have little concerns about them -Australia, Israel, UK, and US- to those growingly concerned about the phenomenon, with Malaysia the most concerned, but China, Poland, France, and Spain also exhibiting signs of unease.	4
This study aimed to analyze the original articles published in Acta Orthopaedica et Traumatologica Turcica (AOTT) between 2013 and 2022 using bibliometric methods to identify their characteristics and examine the changing trends over the last 10 years.	1
We enrolled 217 participants in our study; four who had not heard about plagiarism were excluded.	2
We also consider the distribution of the underlying ranking measure, here the invariant measure of Pinski and Narin (1976), to gain additional useful information.	5
Column 1 to Column 2 shows that there is a significant inverted U-shaped relationship between STAMP and the overall number of citations HSS papers acquired as the coefficient for STAMP is positive (β = 1.144, p<0.01) and that for STAMP2 is negative (β = -0.909, p<0.01).	4
What do researchers in different countries/regions and different research areas see as benefits of preprinting and what are their concerns about preprinting?	1
Archetypes of the capital and institutions drawing from the nor- mative and cultural-cognitive pillars associated with each sector emerged from the interviews and are outlined in Table 3.	4
To tackle our research questions empirically, we selected five textbooks from the 1970s and a further five from the 2010s that are representative for one of three disciplines in the Anglo-Saxon world: sociology; psychology; and economics.	2
Qualitative data collected in the open-ended questions were downloaded to Excel before being imported to NVivo to facilitate inductive coding.	3
Did the breakdown of the communist regime influence the publication performance (in terms of numbers of publications as well as normalized citation impact) of researchers in institutions with Eastern European addresses?	1
The contribution is based on a sequential mixed methods research approach.	3
Finally, 90 important awards with average reputation scores of no less than 0.50, marked in bold in "Appendix 1", were finally selected to analyze the co-awardees of the awards and to compile an award map.	4
It is evident from the study that researchers in linguistics rely more on books and monographs than on journal articles and other sources for their scholarly publications.	5
Our data collection deadline was April 20th, 2022 and we gathered a total of 13,814 publications.	2
The main source of data is OpenAlex (Priem et al., 2022) which is a free dataset covering all published works along with their associated bibliographic information.	2
As indicators of their objectives and strategy, this study analysed journals' behavior in relation to the following measures: similarity of journal name, content output, APCs, frequency of publication, editorial board size, peer review process (particularly peer review time as peer review is the most common procedure to assure published manuscript quality), journal Impact Factor, and self-citation (due to its direct impact on journals' reputation metrics).	3
The QAP correlation between the network in 2009 and 2010 was .981 (p < .000), indicating that the overall network structure was quite stable.	4
China was ranked third for grounded theory and fifth for structural equation modeling, in spite of its economic efforts to lead the expenditure in R&D worldwide.	4
As a result, the topics gain life, and the vast majority of them expand in scope over time.	0
We analysed the data on the annual number of publications by categorising them according to type: original article, case report, and letter.	3
Gourdon, 1966, Autism: Analysis of the scientific dynamics of a field of research, DEA thesis, Nantes' Laboratory of Psychology.	0
Our study combines natural language processing techniques, including contextualized topic modeling and sentiment analysis, along with domain expert input, to provide detailed insights into public health monitoring and intervention.	5
The study of scientific production is based on the records included in the database of Web of Science (Science Citation Index, Social Science Citation Index and the Proceedings databases) accessible through the Web of Knowledge [16].	2
The current paper shows that marine biodiversity has both the characteristics of a homogeneous research field and several specificities that are distributed in both spatial and temporal dimensions.	5
This section presents the result of the cluster analysis, which is visualized as a Pathfinder network.	0
2 ISISR and publication output of the selected countries in the field of Energy during 1996–2009	0
The first author is grateful to the Max Kade Foundation, New York, USA, for funding his post-doctorate at the Center for the Study of Digital Libraries (CSDL) at Texas A&M University.	0
The proportion of Spanish OA papers is 3% higher than the rest of the world; over a ten year period the difference remains relatively constant.	4
These factual statements were then compared against their referenced source to assess the level of accuracy and accessibility, and errors were classified based on the classification framework used by Mogull (2017) [13].	3
The data used in this paper is derived from the peer review comments of conferences in the fields of deep learning and natural language processing.	2
Using co-authorship to indicate international collaboration has been used since early 1990s and continues [16].	3
The objective of this study was to provide a better quantitative assessment of the extent of the existence of B-carotene in the literature.	1
In conclusion, the CORE API Client is a valuable addition to researchers' tools, facilitating easier and more efficient access to research literature, thereby contributing to the advancement of knowledge and innovation in various scientific fields.	5
Notably, all alternative metrics for Immunology and Chemistry showed statistically significant differences between the two platforms, whereas in Mathematics, alternative metrics (with the exception of Mendeley readers) did not exhibit significant differences.	4
The self-citing rate is a measure that correlates the number of times a journal cites its own articles with the number of times it cites other publications (Rousseau, 1999).	3
This docu- ment depicts an ideal healthy society in which health research has been considered as one of the core components of health-society and improve- ment of quality of life (1, 3).	1
Our main explanatory variable is the “percentile score,” ranging from 0 to 100, which reflects an application’s ranking among all other applications reviewed by a study section in a given fiscal year; lower scores correspond to higher-quality applications.	2
The findings revealed that most (56%) of the information academics in Kenya collaborate with their colleagues in conducting and publishing research.	4
The research productivity of selected four IIMs has shown an upward trend during the study period from 2010-2021 and accrued 4,397 publications with an average of 366 publications per year.	4
As an ethnostatistical analysis would point out, assembling a database is a social enterprise and "those who collect data may be different from those who apply higher-order statistical procedures to the data” (Gephart, 1988, p.	0
The results indicate that in both 2015 and 2017, organizations with coleaders tended to publish papers together, suggesting that coleadership will lead to coauthorship (P<.001, 2015 and 2017).	4
The hierarchy primarily represents differences among basic research fields, but our analyses revealed that applied research fields are disadvantaged in entry to the AAS fellowship in similar ways to social science fields.	5
Making the writing easier to understand causes economists to evaluate academic papers more positively.	5
Points are then awarded based on the fractional counts.	3
For included journals, we examined the presence of plagiarism policies and whether they referred to text matching software.	3
Tech mining can be defined as the application of text mining tools to science and technology information, informed by an understanding of technological innovation processes [3].	3
Data from 621 retracted studies were included in the analysis.	2
The data were gathered from Elsevier's API (Elsevier B.V., 2023) using the Python package PyBliometrics (Rose & Kitchin, 2019).	2
It may appear circular to discuss “integrity” as a constituting value if it is also the overarching goal.	0
We aim to assess the global diversity of the editorial boards of ophthalmology journals as an effort to identify potential research biases.	1
In order to form one journal ranking, journals were scored based on two traditional bibliometric measures, impact factor (IF) and number of citations, which are annually provided by the ISI Web of Knowledge (Clarivate Analytics, 2017).	3
More precisely, we use Poisson and negative binomial models, based on maximum likelihood techniques (Burger et al.	3
We suggest that users should specify the details of data sources of h-index calculation for research promotion and evaluation practices.	5
Proof: The proof is a consequence of a theorem by Gl?nzel et al.	0
This study will therefore address two research questions designed to assist in meeting the study aims, as presented in the introduction to this paper: Research Question 1: What primarily motivates researchers to co-author?	1
Peer review and citation metrics are two means of gauging the value of scientific research, but the lack of publicly available peer review data makes the comparison of these methods difficult.	1
This study used Altmetric analysis to rank neurological articles and assessed the implications in relation to the social recognition of neurology and neurological disorders.	1
This clearly indicates that our enhanced-IR system outperformed the traditional TF-IDF system, with 40% increased performance in terms of RR and MRR values.	5
The hypothesis of this paper is that patent citations—more specifically, scientific non-patent references (SNPRs) in patents (Narin et al.	1
Chinese ECRs much relied on journal's reputation (M = 4.25, SD = 0.91).	4
Participants rationalised engagement in questionable authorship practices by suggesting that, although technically violating authorship criteria, such practices could be reasonable when they seemed to benefit science.	4
As a data basis for our analysis, we exported all articles published between 2011 and 2015 in the top 10 journals in regard to the 5 year impact factor of the engineering manufacturing category of the Thomson Reuters‘Journal Citation Reports 2014.	2
The first group consists of journals belonged to public health and psychology.	2
The fact that the rejection rate on F1000Research is very low has been strongly criticized by Vines (2013) for the very high rate of positive reviews (“approved” and “approved with reservations”), in comparison with a sample of papers from medical journals for which the average length of reviews was substantially longer (464 vs 254 words) and only 42% were positive.	4
This study documents the first six unplanned virtual review (VR) sessions conducted during the 2012 hurricane season at the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and their effects on review outcomes.	1
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
Despite ongoing political conflicts between the two country leaders, the US continues to be China's lead international collaborator and vice versa.	5
A detailed discussion of the results is presented in the following section.	0
We also examined associations between citation rates and other features of titles.	1
The total number of documents published between 2008–2016 was 586.	2
We defined a paper as one that should be read because it provides information that is particularly relevant for today’s ecologists.	1
We studied the bivariate relations using contingency tables and tested the relations with the Chi-square test for our hypotheses H1, H2, H3, and H5.	3
For the sake of brevity the Tables present the results for the five most cited articles only (See footnote 1).	0
Web-based surveys were administered across the societies between 2013 and 2015 that were fielded by two different survey firms (GtK NOP and Abt SRBI).	3
Received June 5, 2016; revised September 29, 2016; accepted November 26, 2016	0
The submission equations for the two publishers were estimated using ordinary least squares.	3
Longer career duration, as defined by residency start date, had a significant impact on weighted RCR scores (P = .005) and total publication count (P=.01).	4
A systematic search of the Scopus database provided data that was then extracted and utilized to undertake a bibliometric analysis of published work relating to scope of practice.	2
The physics dataset consists of the scientific publication data of the APS journals (29).	2
Mansfield is cautious about how valuable his studies are for making funding decisions.	0
As such, we performed a bibliometric analysis and content analysis of the characteristics of retracted publications on this topic, including publication years, sources, research areas, citations, and reasons for retractions.	1
We then used journal coclassification analysis to identify publications in IDR journals [79].	3
The coding phase involved two senior researchers with previous experience in coding, and a PhD student.	3
The literature targeted for search is represented by the set of articles referenced by each entry in the Protein Data Bank (PDB) [10].	2
In our paper, we compare and contrast three different rankings: the Economics top-40 as published by ESB and two new citation-based rankings.	3
In particular, we use a logistic regression model to estimate the probability that a pair is moved to the same building as a function of the departmental affiliation of both researchers, year dummies, and their past collaboration in t - 1.	3
To assess peer-reviewed publications, we determined Scopus identifications for all scholars, principal investigators, and mentors.	2
Next, Pierre Agostini's Nobel Prize website at https://www.nobelprize.org/prizes/physics/2023/agostini/facts/states that "in 2001, Pierre Agostini succeeded in producing and investigating a series of consecutive light pulses, in which each pulse lasted just 250 attoseconds."	0
The reasons for matching the initial letters of last names will become clear later.	0
RQ1: How do JASIS papers map to the facets of Knowledge Sciences?	1
and (2) How the features of the academic systems of post-Soviet countries are reflected in their higher education research outputs?	1
This survey demonstrated that authors were satisfied both with the fact that D?I is a bilingual journal and with the quality of the translations into English.	5
The citation counts were collected on 17 June 2015.	3
He is former president of the Southern Political Science Association, former president of the State Politics and Policy Section of the American Political Science Association, and former editor of the American Politics Quarterly.	0
This study identifies at least 451 papers that are potentially linked to the paper mill, including one preprint, a duplication paper and 16 republications of papers erroneously published in hijacked journals.	4
Through data-driven QCA, the arguments and discoursive nodes employed by the researchers interviewed in regard to interdisciplinarity are identified.	3
The paper is organized as follows: next section presents the empirical data we work with and some preliminary statistical results.	0
The data used to characterise ISM networks are from the tertiary-level student information published by UNESCO.	2
The ultimate goal of land-use practice is not only to pursue maximal socioeconomic and eco-environmental benefits from natural ecosystems, but also to synergistically improve the well-being of both people and nature.	5
codes: 0 ‘***’ 0.001 ‘**’ 0.01 ‘*’ 0.05 ‘.’ 0.1 ‘.’ 1; z-value in square brackets; p-value in round brackets; baseline category for: “Age_gr” = “b3040”, “Sex” = “F”, “Region” = “Center”.	0
2013 ASIS&T Published online 26 November 2013 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
The comprehensive dataset was generated in 27 research subject areas including 315 subject categories and 81 high-ranked journals.	2
This study used the research methodology devised by the task force on Bibliographic Access for the Allied Health Literature, Nursing and Allied Health Resources Section (NAHRS) of the Medical Library Association (MLA) [1].	1
Publishing in these predatory journals is a serious and widespread problem in South Africa.	5
Second, how is this effect conditioned by multiple characteristics of the researchers and their collaborators, namely geographical affiliation, experience, quality and education?	1
A total of 3,564 documents from the Web of Science were retrieved.	4
One SEM, derived from the scale characteristics, has methodological advantages when developing and interpreting RD.	5
The top 20 highly cited authors’ weighted PageRank on citations and its different damping factors.	0
To answer the research question, I developed a list of first order codes and worked on this list in order to obtain non-repetitive statements.	0
The objective of the study is therefore to determine how reliable Asian research is.	1
While most subjects in Figure 6 exhibited moderately declining self-citation ratios, there are subjects that have a discernable ratio increase, including General, Business, Energy, Environmental Science, and Nursing, indicating that these are the subjects that became more sustained in their own disciplinary knowledge.	4
The findings suggest that mentorship, the pressure to perform, the research environment and research policies related to misconduct can contribute to research misconduct.	4
We first examine the effect of Open Access (OA) on journal CiteScores using difference-in-difference [39, 40].	3
Second, we created a more complete but necessarily more complex picture of the entire Africa network 2011 using VOSViewer (Fig.	3
The observation that women get lesser citations than their male counter parts is supported by Penas and Willett (2006).	4
The survey revealed generational and geographic differences in information seeking behaviour, with younger users less likely to use specialized databases to find information (62.5% of respondents aged under 24 use these databases, versus 77% of respondents overall).	4
Figure 3 The life of the ten most frequently top-cited articles in 2011 in chemical engineering field	0
"Which future do you feel is most likely for the United States in the years ahead?"	0
Using citation data for almost 25,000 economists, it is shown that the citation distribution is more skewed than can be expected from quality differences alone.	5
We used 7.8 million full time equivalent researchers obtained from the UNESCO Science Report at https ://en.unesco.org/UNESCO_SCIENCE_REPORT/FIGURES.	2
Twenty-four authors were identified as those who had publication output between 1980 and 2012 and were in the top-quartile of the most frequently published scholars in higher education in Asia (see Hunter and Kuh 1987).	2
We identified 290,539 publications produced between 2003 and 2012 in the field of PRDs of which 202,494 papers (69.7%) were used in the citation analyses (2003-2011) (S1 Diagram).	2
human resources, infrastructure, funding) and research output (e.g.	1
Our results indicate that knowledge generated by authors with power of communication and connection receives greater attention.	5
The raw data of this research was gathered from the core collection of Web of Science.	2
The weighted RCR represents the sum of all article-level RCR scores and is a measure of overall research productivity.	3
From 1999 to 2023, tech_diversity experiences a gradual increase.	4
Only the normalized Eigenfactor values showed significant correlation with the local data.	5
The errors in any part of the inaccurately cited references (e.g., author names, title, year, volume, issue, and page numbers) were recorded, and the types of errors (i.e., absent, deficient, or mistyped) were analyzed.	3
This indicates that the C/BA method in its present form cannot really evaluate the benefit of new scientific knowledge, which itself might have to be better defined.	4
And third, the delay of recently emergent topics in the region that have been in the literature for more than a decade, while frontier topics for BMA innovation such as those of Industry 4.0 remain unnoticed.	4
The aim of this paper is to gain insight in the model of knowledge production of Translational Medicine, compared to the “standard” approach that consists in clinically-driven studies that marginally rely on fundamental research; specifically, we compare the two approaches in terms of reliance on novel research technologies, creation of cognitive linkages across disciplines, and drivers of impact on the advance of medical sciences.	1
The author would like to thank former colleagues at CSUH, especially David Merignollo, research assistant for this project, and Lynn LaFleur, interlibrary loan coordinator, for obtaining numerous bibliographic items not available locally.	0
The three ORM articles that our research team decided to code for our study were: Cho and Kim (2015), Newman (2014) and Spector and Brannick (2011).	2
Geometric mean LPH showed a steady decline over time in all fields.	4
College of Computing and Informatics, Drexel University, 3141 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia, PA 19104, USA	0
Vibeke Langer is an Associate Professor in the Department of Agricultural Sciences, The Royal Veterinary and Agricultural University, Denmark.	0
Following Shin's (2009b) classification, we selected 46 of 191 four-year universities in Korea with reasonable research competitiveness, that is, institutions that produced an average of 100 articles or more between 2003 and 2005 and have more than 20 PhD graduates per year.	2
Therefore, Spearman's rank with a two-tailed significance test can be applied to measure the correlation between NR and CPM.	3
Then, publications are counted based on the ‘article method’, which means that the number of publications for an academic unit depends on the number of times the unit is referred in the address field (whole counting).	3
Values represent the time lag of the connection, measured in years.	0
This study attempts to detect papers originating from the Russia-based paper mill 'International Publisher' LLC.	1
Results indicate that the approach is very effective in identifying the extent of hierarchy within journals, and subsequently in ranking the journals.	4
First, we identified and compared the total scientific production of Mexico, in Scopus and the Web of Science (WoS), during a sixteen-year period from 1996 to 2011.	2
The results, shown in Table 7, however, show that the treatment effect is still significant and negative.	0
The research questions of this paper are: Within the period studied, 2015–2020, what are the trends in: (1) the degree and types of OA publishing?	1
To capture this pattern, we propose a novel second-act citation model, by incorporating a second aging function to account for the second citation peak, hence enriching existing modeling frameworks while preserving the three mechanisms driving citations.	3
This study was supported by the COST Transdomain Action TD1306 New Frontiers of Peer Review (PEERE).	0
This paradigm shift occurred in the early 1990s, coinciding with the onset of the genomics revolution wherein cross-disciplinary collaboration between scholars from traditional biology and computer science departments provides an early example of successful convergence.	5
We additionally performed ordinary least squares (OLS) regression analyses based on logarithmized indicator values-by using the formula loge(x+1)–following the recommendations by Thelwall and Wilson [30].	3
After pre-processing, TF-IDF (Term Frequency-Inverse Document Frequency) scores were calculated.	3
For each journal article, proportionate shares were allocated in cases of multiple authorships, and unique and consistent nomenclatures were developed for the first stated institutional affiliation and the country in which it is located.	3
To illustrate usage of RPYS i/o, we accessed and downloaded data using the Thomson Reuters Web of Science Core Collection on Jan.	2
Our aims are threefold: to identify the key standards; to assess the drafters' involvement, and to chart the industry's developmental course through analysing the evolution of the network.	1
To see whether this openness underwent systematic changes as the field of laser research matured, we estimate two simple logit models using the full sample of 4,845 non-medical dissertations.	3
To adjust for inflation, we used the Biomedical Research and Development Pricing Index (BRDPI) to convert dollar amounts to constant 2009 dollars to assess relative changes in purchasing power.	3
In summary, our study has four fundamental implications for biomedical research and policy: (1) intellectual collaboration has a competitive advantage over solo authorship across all academic ranks; (2) while researchers gain from expanding their network of collaborators, they should redistribute collaborators across multiple teams and refrain from excessive co-authorship; (3) there are differential benefits of collaborative and authorship practices depending on the stage of the researcher’s career; and (4) research institutions and funding agencies should encourage and reward a team-based approach to scientific production and engage in a systematic and transparent measurement of collaboration and multiple authorship, in order to develop effective assessment and recruitment policies that will ultimately translate into the highest-quality research and patient care.	5
We would argue, aware of and reading each other's literature more than are those within the disconnected silos shown here.	0
Most articles in our study were review articles or guidelines on sTBI (33 articles), followed by etiology and epidemiology of sTBI (27 articles), sTBI treatment (19 articles) or sequelae and prognosis of sTBI (16 papers).	4
Based on the SCOPUS database of English language scientific journal articles, this paper revealed the causal effects of international scientific mobility of the researchers on their scientific productivity, collaborations, and impact on science using the synthetic control method.	2
We thus model the relationship between the absolute number of citations Yit of paper i in a given year t, the indicator for the Nobel treatment Tir and a vector of covariates Xit as follows (Hilbe, 2014, p.	3
The approach proposed in this study can actually be used to track any research object that can be enclosed in a specific URL (e.g., software, scientific conferences, presentations, online courses, videos, scientific exhibitions, research projects, academic websites, etc.), effectively expanding the analytical scope of the scientometric toolset by incorporating a novel digital dimension through methods that draw from the fields of Webometrics and Altmetrics.	5
If the connection is small, then the colour is more transparent.	0
This suggests the importance of the reputation of a university for a Nature value.	5
The 50 countries with the highest total cites in clinical neurology during the period were selected and ranked based on their total cites.	2
Eleven databases were used in this study to identify and rank neuroactive substances for prioritized evaluation in human samples.	2
The developed portal is useful for policy makers, scientometric researchers, researchers looking for potential collaborators, data enthusiasts and students among others.	5
For each journal, the year-normalised average number of citations per article is higher than the journal average, and the difference is statistically significant in all cases (Table 1).	4
Developer Shed) and two commercial search engines, i.e.	3
Five clusters of highest silhouettes, along with markers #, are sorted in a descending order as follows: (1) # 2, annual report readability, silhouette=0.99; (2) # 0, financial reporting aggressiveness, silhouette=0.93; (3) # 4, firm disclosure, silhouette=0.89; (4) # 3, disclosure content, silhouette=0.82; and (5) # 1, impression management, silhouette=0.82.	4
In this paper, we used data from Chinese Library and Information Science (CLIS) to explore whether there are diverse download patterns.	1
This can serve as a starter to increase medical knowledge and expertise in the research field.	0
The level of evidence (LOE) of all included studies was assessed using a modified Oxford LOE classification scale.	3
The Harbingers study has for a period of 2 years been taking regular performance 'readings' of more than 50 scholarly communication aspects in interviews with around 170 ECRs from eight countries (China, France, Malaysia, Poland, Russia, Spain, United Kingdom and United States).	2
In this paper, we propose three points to characterize valuable referential papers: first, valuable referential papers always are high-quality research; second, valuable referential papers are closely related to a considerable quantity of recent papers; third, valuable referential papers lead to hotspots which attract papers to follow successively.	1
(2019) expected: the ha index reinforces the Matthew effect.	4
The results indicate that the perception of pressure is positively related to the admission of several research practices rejected by a majority of economists.	5
books, online journals, databases, Interlibrary loan) had no statistical relationship with their research productivity.	5
In general, the greater the number of hits found in HTS, the higher the h-index.	0
These two sets and the initial sample set are combined together to form our core-extension data set.	2
The findings showed that, despite some fluctuations, titles have become more technologically diverse and interconnected over time, indicating a greater emphasis on technology and interdisciplinarity.	4
Which metrics have the strongest influence in determining the presence of international award winners among top-ranked authors lists?	1
We view research misconduct as a form of corruption; that is, "a wilful perversion of order, ideals, and, perhaps most important, trust" (Ashforth, Gioia, Robinson, & Trevino, 2008).	3
Our study shows that this vaguely worded policy, and lack of accountability, has not produced meaningful educational experiences for most of the undergraduate students, graduate students, and post-doctoral trainees funded by the NSF.	5
Even so, higher numbers did not automatically lead to an unequivocal recommendation to use the related databases without considering other aspects of each database, such as how citations are reported in each of these sources and the transparency that is provided in the fee-based databases.	5
The results reveal a significant reduction in citation count after removing self-citations (p < .001), which confirmed our assumption.	4
Topic modeling via Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) was applied to title, keyword, and abstract phrases in the active nanotechnology publication dataset.	3
To understand the role of cognitive biases in peer review, we randomly assigned 150 proposals for institutional research funding to 142 faculty reviewers (~15 applications per reviewer; 2130 evaluations total) (32).	3
NOC and H-index of the first author correlated with AAS in the plastic surgery literature, suggesting AAS may be a useful adjunct to traditional bibliometrics when evaluating the impact and reach of peer-reviewed articles.	5
Our project ultimately aimed to identify and better understand the topical, methodological, theoretical, and epistemological normativities (i.e.	1
Furthermore, our results reveal that journals which do not charge submission fees or only charge for an OA option perform better than journals charging general submission fees.	4
To examine international diversity of authorship in the leading advertising journals (International Journal of Advertising, Journal of Advertising (JA), and Journal of Advertising Research (JAR)), I assessed all articles published in these three journals over a 10-year period (from 2006 up to and including 2015), using Thomson Reuters' Web of Science.	2
Our framework is applied on obesity research dataset retrieved from Scopus which is an online bibliographic database by Elsevier.	2
To compare the publication times in terms of the journal, peer review types, the number of authors, country group and income, and citation per year Kruskal Wallis, Mann Whitney, and x2 tests were applied considering the assumptions required to apply parametric testing are not met.	3
Here y is defined as a given number of events occurring in a fixed interval of time or space in Country j, which is a dependent variable in Models (1) and (2).	0
We define 'translational science' as basic science that has translational features, and we employ two distinct, complementary measures of translational science based on publication data.	1
We used validated personality questionnaires such as the Dark Triad (narcissism, psychopathy and Machiavellianism), Rosenberg’s Self-Esteem Scale, the Publication Pressure Questionnaire (PPQ) and also demographic and job-specific characteristics to investigate the association with a composite self-reported research misbehavior severity score.	2
For each professor this database provides information on their name and surname, gender, affiliation, SDS and academic rank, at close of each year.	0
In addition to having different organizational structures and purposes, the groups varied in size, consisting of 8–60 researchers, and prolificacy, with group citation counts between 1006–58,380 and group h-indexes ranging from 19–101.	4
Fourth, our proposed measure requires a smaller computational cost, especially when compared with the previous novelty measures that require information about the whole universe of papers.	5
Yoels, Department of Sociology, State University of New York at Albany, Albany, N.Y.	0
The data herein similarly demonstrate that both mRCR and wRCR increased significantly by successive academic rank from assistant through full professor, although the differences were more pronounced for wRCR.	5
Second, to collect the inclusion information, we adopted the two forms for searching every journal: searching for every Chinese EM journal title (both English title and Chinese 'ping yin' title), and searching for the word 'China' from the fields provided for publisher of sources or for country of publication of sources indexed.	3
The main research questions to be answered in this article include: How can breakthrough innovations be identified using ERTs?	1
We also found that the number of authors of the articles affects the publication times.	5
In the SSME research, SM has more potential to grow up and becomes more popular.	5
Ten separate clusters were identified using social network analysis (SNA) to highlight the research teams.	3
both designed and performed research, prepared figures and wrote the manuscript.	0
we employ a two-sample t test estimation on the two groups and observe the change before and after the period studied.	3
We conducted bibliometric network analysis based on all first authors with a Sub-Saharan African academic affiliation and their co-authored publications (“network-articles”).	3
Summarizing, the total number of journals covered in the data set was 22,222, of which 3,737 were OA journals (16.8%) and 18,485 were non-OA journals (83.2%).	2
The structure of this paper is as follows: the next section introduces and discusses relevant measurement issues to address those research questions; the third section describes our analytical framework and metrics; we present the main findings in the fourth section, and conclude with an extensive general discussion and suggest some methodological recommendations.	0
The authors gathered data for 3 points in time, at 10-year intervals during a 20-year period, from 1989–2009.	2
Both stratified sampling and convenience sampling were used.	3
The first part of the paper distinguishes five roles played by authorship attributions: allocating credit, constructing a speaker, enabling credibility judgements, supporting accountability, and creating an intellectual marketplace.	1
Notably, African Journal of Library, Archives and Information Science (50) and Electronic Library (47) are the two leading journals that are used to publish LIS research produced in Nigeria, and they are followed by Information Development (14), Libri (14), Journal of Information Science (12) and Malaysian Journal of Library and Information Science (10).	4
The analyses were conducted in the R Programming Language (R Core Team 2016).	3
The research conducted on a group of four themes reaches significant impact with citation above 4,000 and h-index of 23 or 24: women, foster care, services, and education.	4
more longitudinal and fewer cross-sectional) designs, (ii) use larger samples, (iii) justify their sample sizes based on a priori power analysis, (iv) pre-register their hypotheses and analysis plans, and (v) make their data, materials and code openly available.	5
First we study the growth of the hepatitis literature in the World and in particular in India over the latest 30 years (1986–2015).	1
However, a correlation was found for articles published in 2007 and after (n=17, p=0.023).	4
Researchers independently applied qualitative content analysis to the transcribed interview text engaging in a “subjective interpretation of the content of the text data through the systematic classification process of coding and identifying themes or patterns” (Hsieh & Shannon, 2005, p.	3
With such a large imbalance between output in English and in other languages, it is virtually guaranteed that papers in non-English languages will be less cited, and this is reflected in rankings such as SCImago's, where 48 of the top 50 science journals in 2017 were based in the United States or the United Kingdom, and both of the outlying journals (published in the Netherlands and Austria) published solely in English.	2
Idea density indicators displayed better discriminant validity as compared to the openness indicators.	5
To put the research productivity of Canadian ophthalmology departments into a larger context, we also collected similar information from the top 6 ophthalmology departments in the United States.	1
While all articles from AJHP and Pharmacotherapy were indexed, 40 articles from Annals of Pharmacotherapy remained unindexed.	5
1 For 582 papers published in January and February of 2012 in the Astrophysical Journal, the numbers of citations in five years are plotted against the logarithm of the numbers of authors, binned in 1 + 2 authors, 3 + 4, 5 + 6, etc.	0
Only English language books were retained to have a more uniform data set for analysis, given that the BKCI coverage of non-English books is already known to be very low.	2
The second dataset was based on data collected from the GS profiles of tourism, hospitality and events academics worldwide.	2
Figure 7 Relationship between citations of an identical paper that was published in four different journals and the IMF of those journals.	0
is completely correct—no scientometric network has been used to try to determine which of the works of the individual Laureates that is most important with respect to being awarded the Nobel Prize.	0
those that were consistently indexed in a category in each of the four consecutive years (matched across time by exact name).	3
The share of these publications topped in 2009 at 49 %, and since declines as is shown in Table 1.	4
We have also performed Exergy based analysis of the research performance of some of the top performing Central Universities during 2010 to 2014 period to correlate the analytical results with a different proven methodology.	3
The network is formed by Brazil and 29 other countries, selected based on the number of articles and intensity of connections established in co-authoring.	4
With respect to the subjects under applied social science, the degrees of cooperation are relatively high, all above 60 %, with the rate of collaboration reaching 85 % for psychology.	4
Co-authorship analysis revealed that the co-authorship network is discrete and has low-density, with a total of 12,491 citations in all articles.	4
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Potential respondents were identified from Shanghai Jiao Tong University Ranking 2010 List, Times Supplement University Ranking 2010 List (excluding academics listed on the Shanghai Jiao Tong List), ANZMAC Conference Directory of Academics, and a further 300 universities located in South Africa, Asia/South Pacific, Australia, New Zealand, USA, Middle East, South America and Europe that were not present on any of the above lists.	2
The aim of this study is to ascertain the usefulness of book publication format in libraries for book impact assessment.	1
Each data point thus corresponds to one of the year entries in Table 1 and, with the more or less linear increase in each of these two variables with time, the most recent data (e.g., 1996 data) appear in the upper right part of this graph, and the oldest data (1970) in the lower left corner.	0
The lack of a central open citation service around which bibliometricians can coalesce has undoubtedly been a limitation for the development of open bibliometrics, although this may be beginning to change.	5
Briefly, the SOuRCe is a 32-item survey designed to assess an individual's perception of the organizational climate for research integrity both in one's general organizational setting and in one's specific affiliated department, division or work-area.	2
Using online surveys, this study attempts to understand Bangladeshi faculty members' awareness, perceptions, and use of open access journals.	1
The analytical procedure started with descriptive statistics on research income and GPA data.	3
US and Russian scientists expressed classic scientific and biographical reasons for wanting to collaborate, including differences in scientific expertise, i.e.	4
The Pearson coefficient was employed for the correlation analysis using Rattle (Graphical User Interface for Data Science in R).	3
We calculate various descriptive statistics, perform ANOVAs, and a linear regression model to decompose APC according to its drivers.	3
Moving to the more recent 2000-2009 period, however, Panel B reveals that the RFS has surpassed the JF in prolific author content.	4
The leading position of the USA, Japan and some European countries is immediately evident.	4
Therefore, Douban Reading platform was selected as the altmetrics indicators data source in this paper, and the indicators were collected up to June 12, 2019.	2
The final type we call "serendipitous resolution," where research results in an unanticipated discovery.	4
This paper explores the structural connectedness and associations of international student mobility and scholarly communication on a global scale.	1
Our dependent variable is the duration from a researcher's first publication, and thus from the moment he or she enters a potential "race for tenure,” until either getting tenure or reaching the year 2019.	3
The United States of America (58), hold the highest h-index in a country-specific manner, followed by the United Kingdom and Canada (both 28), and South Africa (27) (Figure 1B + Figure 3).	4
We assessed the participation of researchers located in Southern institutions at seven conferences from 2010 to 2019: the World Bank Annual Bank Conference on Development Economics (ABCDE), the African Development Bank African Economic Conference (AEC), the Poverty Reduction, Equity and Growth Network (PEGNet) conference, the World Institute for Development Economics Research (UNU-WIDER) conference, the Centre for the Study of African Economies African (CSAE) conference, the Bureau for Research and Economic Analysis of Development (BREAD) conference, and the North Eastern Universities Development Consortium (NEUDC) conference.	2
The sample data for this study, which span a period of six years, from 2017 to 2022, are obtained from the Taiwan Economic Journal (TEJ) and total 168 DMU data points.	2
Human and animal participants This article does not contain any studies with human participants or animals performed by any of the authors.	0
The h-index, which is an indicator of scholarly output (publications and citations) [9], was also determined for each primary NIAA research grant recipient using the Scopus author database.	3
As for the content-related predictors, tweets attached with more URLs can provide richer information for audiences, thereby increasing the retweet scale of scientific papers.	4
The extended Rao-Stirling diversity measure concentrates on revealing the distinctiveness of author interdisciplinarity by incorporating the co-author network and the network similarity measure.	3
Different kinds of collaboration- inter, mixed, intra and domestic- among the SAARC countries are measured and analyzed through a computational analysis.	3
After calculating these four indicators, they can be aggregated into a single score.	3
Data set was retrieved from the SCImago Institutions Rankings (SIR) portal developed from the information contained in the Scopus database, comprising a total of 607,454 papers published by Brazilian authors in Scopus in the period 2003–2015, without double count.	2
For this study we collected all applications for the 2017-2020 period.	2
According to bibliographic references of the papers found by prototyping Eq 1, researcher Martín-Lopez' co-citation network is highlighted with the highest number of links in both observation windows, among which her collaborative work is prominent with the authors mentioned in the previous section.	4
Those records (from 2006 to 2018) were organized according to the PLoS' thematic areas.	2
Second, IC greatly increased both the quantity and quality (number of citations) of research output in all latecomers.	4
In this article, we discuss the rather striking uniformity of these programs on the basis of the concept of institutional isomorphism from neoinstitutional theory, which is a powerful conceptual tool with capacity to explain why organizations in the same field grow alike in their practices despite preconditions that would suggest otherwise.	1
ASPHO surveyed society members and PHO Division Directors between 2010 and 2016 and studied PHO workforce data collected by the American Board of Pediatrics and the American Medical Association to characterize the current state of the PHO workforce.	2
The Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) indexes more than 14.5 thousand journals and nearly 4.8 million articles.	2
It required 123 (or 30.0%) of the 410 journals titles to account for 80% of the citations, thus exhibiting more dispersion than the 80/20 rule would predict.	4
The following paper discusses their approach to user-testing, applying Dan Saffer’s framework of microinteractions to how faculty members experienced the repository’s self-archiving functionality.	1
Estimates show that this is less than 15% of the research output produced from India.	4
We also include journal-year dummies (djt) that take value one if the journal is j and the year is t and zero otherwise with one dummy for each j,t combination.	3
An interesting finding is that the models trained by the data of an actor/actress only achieve similar performance on the data of another gender without performance loss.	4
Applying Categorical PCA permitted the identification of three dimensions: move to access a better scientific environment, move to fulfil career or economic expectations and move for personal reasons.	3
Academic staff Lecturer (Assistant Professor) or above, as listed on the staff web page of an Australian law school as of June 2011 were included in the study.	2
The journal Hepatology published the largest number of articles(21), followed by Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology(4), Journal of Hepatology(4) and World Journal of Gastroenterology(4).	4
The Bigram shows two large (length and number) cores of conceptual content.	4
The units of analysis taken into account were documents published in journals indexed in Scopus where at least one author is affiliated with a university that is part of the sample.	2
2009; Zhang and Dimitroff 2005); DC elements (Dawson and Hamilton 2006; Hawking and Zobel 2007); anchor text (Hawking and Zobel 2007); robot commands (Anderson 2006); hyperlinking to external sites (Onaifo and Rasmussen 2013); social media links (Rushton and Funke 2011); HTML coding errors (Francke 2008); SEO strategies and products (Dawson and Hamilton 2006; Rushton and Funke 2011; Zhang and Jastram 2006); and W3C validation (Coto-Solano et al.	3
Correlation in number of citations by countries, WoS and Scopus, 1996–2007.	0
In this paper, we aim at finding answers to those questions by analyzing biomedical research collaboration networks at a CTSA institution (i.e., UAMS) in a comprehensive and systematic manner.	1
In this study, 70 source items receive a total of 300 citations in WoS within a 4-year citation window, while the 945 non-source items receive 450 WoS citations.	4
As long as this index is well used I think it should contribute positively to the progress of science and help reward those who contribute to such progress more fairly.	5
In order to provide a better understanding of how the people involved with science communities interact in digital spaces, content analysis as well as Social Network Analysis (SNA) can be used.	3
The study identified the popular, core, and bridging topics of IS research for the periods 1993–2002 and 2003-2012.	4
This current study evaluates citations from 2011 and 2018 from the top six journals with the highest combined ranks and includes the Journal of Women's Health (JWH) as the highest-ranked independently published journal.	2
In this sense, it is evident that Mexican bioinformatics has a delay of more than ten years in the number of publications regarding international bioinformatics.	5
For this study, we limited the data to DAP accepted at the professional level because professionals often establish the culture related to design scholarship, as well as lead and mentor undergraduate and graduate students.	2
The hot spots included endothelial growth factor, optical coherence tomography and open-angle glaucoma.	4
Patient charts, as well as wirelessly archived ultrasound studies were reviewed to determine which patients had POCUS performed, and how the results were recorded.	3
This paper presents a bibliometric analysis of highly cited articles published in journals listed in the Web of Science.	1
This study set out to investigate the relationships within traditional types of learning research and between them and newer technology-assisted learning research fields.	1
Are there differences in academic production between inbred and non-inbred scholars?	1
During April through July 2012 the authors manually compiled a complete and accurate list of all 108 faculty members who had a formal affiliation with the translational sciences center at UNMHSC.	2
After selecting 100 articles, we categorized them into 15 subspecialties of disease groups and 5 categories of main subjects.	3
Using this framework the following questions can now be answered: (1) which evaluation measure should be chosen for an experiment, and (2) given an evaluation measure and corresponding performance scores for the algorithms under investigation, how significant are the observed performance differences?	1
First, it presents a significant correlation with scientists' self-assessment of originality.	5
We found that preprints were most often passing into the "permanent" literature with only minor changes to their conclusions, suggesting that the entire publication pipeline is having a minimal but beneficial effect upon preprints (e.g., by increasing sample sizes or statistics or by making author language more conservative) [13,15].	5
The speed of evolution can be measured as the amount of dissimilarity per year over a period of several years.	3
The last consequence of the proposed mechanism is the so-called Matthew effect.	0
This study investigated the scientific performance of female and male scholars (first and last authors) in neurosurgery core journals in terms of their contribution (frequencies, authorship positions, scientific productivity), as well as their visibility (citations, social media metrics) during 2012-14.	1
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 375684 []	0
A goodness-of-fit test was used to assess correlation between parameters and publication, with publication set as a binary figure of either 1 (indicating publication) or 0 (indicating no publication).	3
Conversely, first author affiliations from Africa, Asia and Oceania continents showed 49% fewer citations than publications from Europe.	4
The QS World University Rankings, QS Latin America University Rankings, year 2019 [11].	2
Moreover, the Project universities form a large core cluster inside the Russian academic community.	5
To see how CR differs from conventional BCS within an application setting, this study applies main path analysis (MPA) on patent networks (PNs) supplemented with the so-called missing links (ML) (Kuan, Chiu et al., 2018; Kuan, Huang et al., 2018), which are BC pairs without DC but strongly bibliographically coupled.	3
We included an eventual total of 40,217 preprints in the dataset for further analysis.	2
Ethical issues (Including plagiarism, informed consent, misconduct, data fabrication and/or falsification, double publication and/or submission, redundancy, etc.) have been completely observed by the authors.	0
In aggregate, the trajectories form mobility flows that can be described by a gravity model, with jumps more likely to occur in areas of high density and less likely to occur over longer distances.	4
By introducing a tuning parameter a and a weight ?, two new properties are obtained: (1) flexible assignment of credits by modifying the formula (with the change of a) and applying preference to the individual author by adjusting the weights (with the change of ?), and (2) calculation of the credits by separating the formula for the first author from others.	3
Our scientometric and social network analysis provide strong quantitative evidence of scholarly success, research focus and diversification, collaboration, and impact on MSU's engagement on Africa, especially in science, technology, engineering, and math-related disciplines.	5
The third measures how strongly each indicator is correlated with ERA scores.	3
In papers co-authored by many authors, three patterns of contributions could be identified (see e.g.	4
In an effort to address this need, the American Institute of Biological Sciences (AIBS) conducted a retrospective analysis of peer review data of 2,063 applications submitted to a particular research program and the bibliometric output of the resultant 227 funded projects over an 8-year period.	2
Considering the specific nature of humanities and their fields and the need to design scientific outputs in proportion to these fields, the present study has sought to determine types of scientific outputs in the fields of language and literature and assess their significance and position for the evaluation of research.	1
Its focus lies on the Quality Pact for Teaching (QPT), a large-scale funding programme that aimed to improve the quality of tertiary education in Germany.	1
Bibliometric analysis can be used to identify not only major centres of English-language ENT surgical research, such as the USA and UK but centres that are producing high-quality data, such as Spain, and cost-effective research, such as the UK.	5
In this study, a set of 334 SAAs published in Nature (202 SAAs) and Science (132 SAAs) between 2003 and 2017 by 313 unique authors is analysed, focusing on careers, countries and institutions behind SAAs, the impact of SAAs and the relationship between them.	1
Data from these articles were downloaded to Microsoft Excel.	3
Contrary to our sixth hypothesis, we found that it is working with partners from the global North that results in positive effects on a team's likelihood to contribute to local knowledge.	4
Notably, the difference in ratings remains significant even when accounting for various measures of applicant qualifications and quality.	5
As concerning eminence in Romanian psychology, analyzing Table 3, the criteria would be satisfied by Dr.	4
The proposed model is illustrated through an empirical example that analyzes the activity of Spanish researchers in the area of Library and Information Science.	1
Firstly, the study reveals an ascending trend in interdisciplinarity among young and middle-aged faculty in China's SKLs during the knowledge integration stage.	5
Various citations of a journal can be calculated by Eqs.	3
There are relevant positive correlations between all the indicators analysed.	5
Three articles published in journals whose fees depend on the number of pages were excluded.	0
We collected details of 126 SBs identified in the following studies: Garfield (1989, 1990), Gl?nzel et al.	2
From the analyses, it emerges that the fundamental determinant of an academic candidate's success is not scientific merit, but rather the number of years that the candidate has belonged to the same university as the president of the selection committee.	4
Bibliometrics is one of the most com mon approaches [43, 44].	3
This paper examines performance assessment practice in Europe-first, identifying the most commonly used bibliometric methods and, second, identifying the actors who have defined wide-spread practices.	1
(i) publication pattern and rate of growth, (ii) impact of the journal as measured from citations, (iii) pattern of international collaboration, (iv) highly cited papers, (v) major contributing organizations and countries and (vi) major research themes over the years.	1
Our investigation for Information Security domain yielded promising results, confirming that two most trending research themes, namely machine learning and blockchain technology have promising future prospects.	4
The research results helped answer our research questions about the impact of institutional policies and university characteristics on university research results and research productivity.	5
Reading the article discloses this supposition to be true, so the title is justified.	0
This study utilizes a Knowledge, Attitude, and Practice (KAP) questionnaire to investigate the awareness of medical professionals in the Ningxia region regarding research integrity and their attitudes towards academic misconduct.	1
The following 3D empirical equation is proposed for estimating the RI of universities: RI = Cm + Pus ?	3
To sum up, the main conclusion is that the historical milestones have reflection in the performance of the research community.	5
Correlation between ordinal data was tested with Spearman-rho test.	3
Three years rolling window for each publication year was counted for citations.	3
The authors are solely responsible for any remaining error and omission.	0
No library in the Latin America sample employed a scholarly communication specialist and just one offered a workshop addressing predatory publishing.	4
The relative positions of the eight disciplines are arranged as follows: economics>law>management science>history>philosophy> literature>education>art.	4
The results show that the index time of EA articles is distributed from 1 to 14 months, and most of them is concentrated in 1 and 2 months.	4
For each review, I obtained the full records and cited references of all the studies included in that review that were available in WOS.	3
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 44 times since 2006*	0
Using both words in titles and author-supplied keywords, this study employs semantic network analysis.	3
Receipt of Mentored Career Development Awards was linked to increased likelihood that early-career scientists successfully transitioned to an independent research career.	5
It is noted that there are other available tools that are also suitable to make bibliometric analysis, such as Bibexcel, Pajek, and SALSA, and each tool has its characteristics and applicable scene.	0
The most commonly cited benefits were the ease of access to literature, as well as access to knowledge about relevant research and researchers.	4
The percentage of authors pertaining to the largest component also rose to 73.02% of the authors.	4
We further argue that impact metrics (e.g., citation) should not be the sole indicators in evaluating scholarship since certain factors that may influence impact metrics cannot comprehensively reflect scholars' ability and the quality of the research papers.	5
Similar to other studies in the field, we find that the population weighted distance between countries, log_distw, as a proxy for geographical distance has, with an exception in Table 1 model (1), a negative and highly significant association with the number of cross-country collaborations.	4
(2009) and Cheang's (2014) approaches to identify the types of knowledge roles that the selected journals play.	3
The research sample in this paper was selected from China's provincial panel data from 2011-2021, and Taiwan, Macau, Tibet, and Hong Kong were excluded due to missing data, resulting in a final panel of 330 observations for 30 provinces.	2
Department of Philosophy, State University of New York, Oswego, NY, USA	0
In this study, we take a step further to look at the performance of the promising disruptive index (DI) in reference (Wu et al.	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
The following programs were used to visualize the multi-dimensional indicators: Viscovery SOMine (topologic maps) and Ucinet (Version 6.2) and NetDraw (social networks) (Version 2.06).	3
Therefore, the bibliometric experts cannot hold on to too rigid approaches, automatically excluding this type of publications.	5
These results suggest that this platform could be used differently according to discipline.	5
A local approach focuses on the 3,138 articles indexed in the Scopus database where 'collective intelligence' is in the title, abstract, or keyword.	2
λ(?j) to measure the relative importance of sector j.	3
The bibliometric dataset is extracted from the Italian Observatory of Public Research (OPR), a database developed and maintained by the present authors, derived under license from the Thomson Reuters WoS.	2
From selected programs, we randomly choose one member from each group, except chairperson.	2
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
Satisfaction with the representation of membersacross racial and ethnic groups has also fallen from 57% to 50%.	4
In this paper, we ask whether the inclusion of non-academic reviewers makes any difference for grant panel discussion on impact assessment and if so, how.	1
Overall the figures show that both for men and women, the number of CSS3 papers increases absolutely and relatively with productivity, and quality and quantity of output highly correlate.	4
A striking feature of the Polish promotions system is its inherent conflict of interest, which constitutes a fundamental obstacle to any successful reform.	5
Both the empirical data and model revealed a key factor of knowledge exchange: that is, socio-economic interaction led to a synchronization of the knowledge structures between different cultural areas.	5
We therefore performed a re-analysis of the same dataset to specifically address this question.	1
The second is that total training duration and not just time to degree is increasing steadily.	5
These challenges call for a rethinking of how metrics are designed and used in research evaluation systems.	1
The new decay approach is closer to real-world situations and therefore finds more reasonable main paths.	5
The experimental results demonstrate that papers recommended by our indicators are relatively new and our indicators have greater Spearman's rank correlation coefficients with the future citation count compared with other bibliometric indicators like the raw citation count.	4
Our results indicate that 8.2% of biomedical research from 2000 to 2018 include MeSH terms from both the J and L MeSH branches, representing a 291% increase from 1980s levels.	4
Warwick Business School, University of Warwick and Department of Economics, Zeppelin University, Friedrichshafen, Germany	0
Our collaboration recommendation technique employs the Random Walk with Restart (RWR) algorithm [13] to construct a recommendation model for suggesting new research collaborations.	3
In this study, 966 articles were published in 2012 and 2018.	2
To fill this gap, we analyzed the metadata associated to 305 articles compiled from the Web of Science database following a bibliometric approach covering the period between 1976 and 2020.	1
Second, to construct a less differentiated classification, we combined these fields onto the six broad fields recognized by the National Academy of Sciences (2023) as follows:	3
We also researched the impact of ophthalmology journals.	1
The source for the third dataset is ProQuest and includes the names of all people who obtained a PhD in philosophy from an American university between 1861 and 1979 (n = 8940).	2
The partitioning enables us to extract a subnetwork in Pajek that can be read into VOSviewer after saving it in the .net format.	3
This study takes a topic perspective by tracing a set of newly added MeSH concepts in the biomedical domain and studying topic characteristics of the ones emerged versus those did not.	5
discovered that a protein found in the circulation called pentraxin 3 interacted with histone proteins.	4
The researchers found that even experienced academics could not always tell the difference between fake and genuine peer reviews, suggesting that the lines between them are far from clear cut.	4
The journals were selected among high-impact and long-standing IEEE journals of various fields.	2
In our empirical analysis we apply the principal component analysis (PCA) approach.	3
The coefficient values are in [?1, 1] for all orders and a higher value indicates a higher positive correlation between the two variables and a better ranking algorithm.	0
For each of these papers we collated citation information ~6 years after publication.	2
This study employs a dual-method approach to address the research questions by providing insights into how the researcher navigates academic publishing, engages with interdisciplinary opportunities, and manages power dynamics.	3
We consider five article-level metrics: citation count c, PageRank score p, CiteRank score T, rescaled PageRank score R(p), and rescaled citation count R(c).	3
From 2015 to 2019, annual research activity assignments ranged from 5 to 15%.	4
It was hoped that the new study would continue that process.	0
Instead, outputs might become an asset portfolio, with a durable income stream drawn down by the academic through renting out temporary access to publications to multiple institutions for use in their REF submissions.	4
The one category of paper with consistently higher quantity post-tenure is the “bombs.”	4
The percentage of academic staff holding a doctorate degree had reached 68% in public universities, 39% in private universities, and 19% in both public and private polytechnics by 2009, as opposed to 48% at public universities, 21% at private universities, and roughly 8% in both public and private polytechnics in 2001.	4
To analyse the number and origin of letters published by medical students in medical education journals.	1
We fitted Multiple Linear Regression (MLR) on each data set separately.	3
number of citations and journal impact factor), were the main variables explaining the variation of social media activity about ecological papers.	5
The observed frequencies Fij are samples from Poisson distributions with expected values we can call Eij.	0
We investigate the relationships between the citation impacts of scientific papers and the sources of funding that are acknowledged as having supported those publications.	1
Unfortunately, using the REF as a blunt instrument to fill IRs is creating strain elsewhere in the system.	5
This exploratory work sheds light on important functional information char- acteristics of the system of research collaboration by examining large-scale topological structures of co-authorship networks, created through the affiliative ties of scholarly arti- cles published by collaborating researchers in peer-reviewed journals and conference proceedings.	1
Through a lens of social banditry, it has proposed an alternative analysis: that predation in publishing can operate as a force to disrupt exploitation, redress injustice, and further equity's reparational, emancipative ideals.	5
My favorite example of this attitude toward peer review has long been an evocative headline about a 2012 Physics Letters B paper: “CERN's Higgs Boson Discovery Passes Peer Review, Becomes Actual Science.”1	0
Overall our findings suggest that most reviewers are transparent in their reviews, sharing their feedback with authors even when they judge the manuscript unsuitable for publication and rarely making additional comments to the editor that raise concerns not shared with the authors.	5
In order to address this goal, correlations between holding counts across print and electronic formats and other metrics are investigated and regression models for predicting metrics with print and electronic book holdings in libraries across disciplines and over time are offered.	1
The gist of this argument is that the research process is facilitated by ensuring rapid and widespread access to research findings, such that all communities have the opportunity to build upon them and to participate in scholarly conversations (Tennant et al., 2016).	0
Indicators based on simple citation count are outperformed by rescaled PageRank for papers of every age.	4
First, we classify all the articles differentiating between empirical and not empirical studies.	3
The findings in column (1) of Table 6 indicate that information disclosure raises the likelihood of a paper being cited by PCSSCI journals by 2.88% (statistically significant at 5%).	4
Word associations between "science education" and other lemmas in the author- supplied keywords/descriptors corpus subset.	0
This determined the state of the art and described the evolution of the literature in this field, and it will help scholars refine existing and initiate new research agendas.	5
To this end, the associated research objectives are to (1) analyze the different CE research areas—including CEM—with respect to the number of publications, community size, and potential ties with other interdisciplinary fields; (2) study the citation metrics of the most-cited as well as award-winning peer-reviewed publications in both CE and CEM while examining the effect of the availability of research funds as well as the nature of the research—being quantitative or qualitative—on the average number of citations for most-cited publications across the different CE specialty areas; and (3) investigate the impact of multiple factors—including research community size, trendiness of research field, amount of research output, connection with other interdisciplinary fields, characteristics and attributes of coauthors, the timing of checking an h-index, publication access type, and the criteria adopted by the various archiving databases—on citations.	1
This study is based on a structured questionnaire (see “Appendix 1"), which was sent to the representatives of each ENRESSH country who attended two general meetings of the network, and subsequently accepted an invitation to become a participant.	2
To map the knowledge structure of academic publishing research from a diachronic perspective, the study strives to answer the following questions:	1
Furthermore, the two ratings in VQR and ASN, albeit carried out by different people, with a different set of journals under examination, and with different scales, are strongly consistent (Q2).	4
The synchronous self-citation rate for this one article is therefore 27.3%.	0
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
The data we used in the study of Prof.	2
Google Maps places the KENKYU Publishing Group head office in a convenient location, next to the bus depot and Hyderabad-Warangal highway, and close to a curry restaurant, stationary shop and shopping stores.	4
We searched the PubMed database (www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed) using the terms Taiwan and HIRD.	2
A total of 240 individuals (20.5% of the individuals on our contact list) opened the survey link that they had received, to begin the survey.	2
We surveyed original research articles published in biomedical journals indexed on the African Journals Online database (AJOL).	2
Overall, full adjustment reveals that most interfield differences in inequality levels are due to different marginals between fields.	4
The main concepts of the study are explained in Figure 1.	0
A one-sample t-test was used in the analysis to check the presence of statistically significant difference with the mean values.	3
SEE countries' scientific performance is examined on several indicators including total number of country publications per full time equivalent researcher, revealed publication advantage, the h index and top cited articles.	3
The SCI (Web of Knowledge, all databases) was used to search for the average citation and h index of vascular surgery articles of the GCC countries in July 2013.	2
To calculate these centralities, the NetworkX module (NetworkX developer Team 2013) of Python was used.	3
To further increase readability the map includes only the 150 most used journals.	0
A study was performed among Spanish scientists based abroad through an online questionnaire between January and March 2014.	2
These results suggest that impact beyond academia is poorly aligned with career incentives and that citation measures reflect poorly, if at all, peers' esteem of journals.	5
The Price index was the strongest predictor of citations, and number of references was the next.	4
Charting significant growth in science production over the 20th century in four European Union member states, this neo-institutional analysis describes the development and current state of universities and research institutes that bolster Europe's position as a key region in global science.	1
Visualization maps were generated in the present analysis using VOSviewer software (van Eck and Waltman 2010).	3
The indices that were collected/calculated and compared were number of publications, h-index, r-index, m-index, g-index and i10- index.	3
The noteworthy findings based on data tabulated in Table 1 are as follows.	0
A second philosophy is to consider the 6,891 pieces of data (z; for i= 1,…, 6,891) as independent sample points from the probability distribution of a random variable Z, where Z(senior author) = # of papers on which he or she is the senior author.	2
Our results confirm our hypothesis that geopolitical conflicts only marginally affect long-term patterns and trends in international scientific collaboration.	5
In the next step, we will take a resource-oriented perspective and map the Diamond OA journal landscape along two dimensions that turned out to be most impactful for Diamond OA journals during the analysis of expert interviews.	3
1Technical University of Munich, Munich Center for Technology in Society (MCTS), 80333 Munich, Germany and	0
(c) open access and open data have been widely recognized and warmly welcomed by Chinese ECRs, however, they will only publish in open access journals and open their research data if they get rewarded by the evaluation system;	4
Overall, scholarly tweets mentioning SSH papers are more likely to be engaged with through any type of engagement behavior studied.	4
Based on our results a negative relation is observed between the eigenvector centrality of the researchers and the amount of funding (Table 2).	4
1, there is a gradual increase in the average h-index of our Nobelists for each of the four disciplines.	4
The treatment group included applications flagged as ESI submitted between 2011 and 2015.	2
Academic age (AA) is a metric that combines the papers’ timeline with the authors’ age.	3
The aim of this study was to explore the use of QMRA in water quality assessment using a scientometric approach and data sourced from the Web of Science (WoS) database for the period between 2016 and 2021.	1
We found that, for 87 % of the researchers, it is more rewarding in terms of citations to publish in journals than in conferences.	5
GRECO is Professor of Marketing at Fordham University's Graduate School of Business Administration.	0
Most of top 10 co-citation journals oriented on urology.	5
Our findings are surprising in the sense they are negative results and differ from popular conceptions about academic inbreeding.	5
At the time of our data collection in May 2020, 4.0% of COVID-19 preprints were published by the end of April, compared to the 3.0% of non-COVID-19 preprints that were published such that we observed a significant association between COVID-19 status (COVID-19 or non-COVID-19 preprint) and published status (chi-squared test; x2 = 6.78, df = 1, p = 0.009, n = 14,812) (Fig 1A).	4
The spatial framework of our analysis encompasses the 74 planning regions (Raumordnungsregionen) of West Germany.	2
More specifically, the prime goal of this thesis is to describe publication culture and to unravel different factors related to biomedical science and scientists that might influence the publication process.	1
There were no overlaps between the 50 top-cited and 50 top Altmetric articles.	4
In the following discussion, we are using the terminology of “non-self-citations” which means all the remaining citations when self-citations were removed from the overall received citations.	0
With individual fixed effects, we are exploiting time-series variation in research productivity across individuals, holding constant differences that are fixed over time as well as unobserved shocks that affect all individuals in a given year.	3
The unequal distribution of women and men by areas and type of grant detected here infers that the ERC is subject to situations highlighted in studies on women and science known as vertical and horizontal segregation.	5
The author did not count the total number of objects by each category, but rather determined if an IR hosted at least one object that fit a category.	3
Contextualized topic modeling was used to capture word meanings in context, providing coherent and semantically meaningful topics.	3
This process matches 644,441 NIH articles to a comparison article.	2
This study proposes a new approach of measuring the novelty of scientific articles based on both citation data and text data.	1
Funding levels may not match the academic potential of orthopaedic faculty, and interventions may be needed to increase NIH grant procurement.	5
Research Scholarly Concentration graduates were more likely to place in a highly selective residency (40.2% vs 21.6%, p<0.0001), 68% more likely to publish after medical school (OR=1.68, 95% CI 1.10 to 2.58), and almost four times as likely to have taken an academic health center job (OR=3.82, 95% CI 1.72 to 8.46) than graduates with no Concentration.	4
Europe was the continent with the greatest number of cumulative publications across the four journals.	5
The number of papers published abroad by Brazilian authors is increasing at the same rate as the total number of papers published (Fig.	4
Scholarly publishing in the sciences is marked by a concentration of many journals owned by a small number of large commercial conglomerates.	5
This study shows that a variety of different journals is neccessary to reflect the broad spectrum of orthopaedics in depth.	5
We employ citation and co-citation analysis to identify ties, with the premise that co-citations are a measure of conceptual proximity or relatedness.	3
The research begins by constructing a new source of data (for ourselves and other researchers who wish to use the data set).	2
Since our sampling design included both fixed and random factors, we used linear mixed models to test for the effect of journal type (fixed factor) on journal-level metrics (ncategory = 6) and article level metrics (ncategory = 120 except for proportional data with ncategory = 6).	3
It is likely that these latter indicators measure the potential capability to generate new knowledge rather than the actual generation of new knowledge.	5
Our analysis is driven by the hypothesis that trends in "mainstream" and "highly influential" psychology differ from trends observed in non-English papers (NEP), which provide insights into the periphery of Psychology (see the section “Non English Papers as an independent field of investigation").	2
To further characterise the relationship between countries and venues, we also considered the concept of knowledge debit, which is defined as follows: when a paper pv published in a venue v cites a paper pi, the countries that participate in pi build up their credit towards the venue.	3
The indicators were calculated by the SCImago research group based on the Scopus database of publication and citation from 1996 to 2018.	2
A represents the set of top scientists in period A (2001–2004); B those in 2005–2008; C those in 2009–2012	0
Cross-sectional study, including all journals in the Ophthalmology section of the SCImago Journal & Country Rank (SJR).	2
The most relevant source was in 1st place Journal of Consumer Psychology (with six published articles, a total of 739 citations and starting to publish articles from this selection in the year 2010), followed in 2nd position FRONTIERS IN HUMAN NEUROSCIENCE (with four articles, a total of 304 citations and starting to publish articles from this selection in the year 2011), in 3rd position JOURNAL OF MARKETING RESEARCH (with four published articles, a total of 389 citations and beginning to publish articles from this selection in the year 2015), in 4th place NEUROIMAGE (two articles, a total of 238 citations and beginning to publish articles from this selection in the year 2011) and in 5th place PSYCHOLOGY & MARKETING (with two published articles, a total of 259 citations and beginning to publish articles from this selection in the year 2011).	4
The annual Division Directors' Workforce Survey was e-mailed to between 202 and 215 PHO Division Directors from 2012 to 2015 and rate of completion ranged between 29% and 35%.	2
The central (vertical) trend is that in all the analysed sustainable Energy fields both types of proceedings papers essentially cite research articles.	4
We discuss the role of public hospitals in innovation and in economic and social development, and identify this role as a 'fourth mission' of hospitals in addition to their widely recognized threefold function of healthcare provision, education and research.	1
In order to see which role the citation information plays in terms of clustering, we will experiment by including or excluding citation vectors when computing the semantic vectors for articles (Eq.	0
The Matthew Effect is stronger for multi-authored papers than for single-authored.	4
Following a global trend of metric-based measurement of research output, China has been characterized by a systematic “publish-or-perish” evaluation scheme and an unparalleled surge in scientific productivity in the past decade.	5
This data covers the last 5 years (2018–2022) of universities.	2
Network analyses and diagrams were created using the social network analysis package UCINET 6 and its component program NETDRAW (Borgatti, Everett, & Freeman, 2002).	3
4 These interviewees did not, however, include any writers of the texts which comprised Hyland's corpus.	0
The authors are with the National Institute of Informatics, Tokyo, 101-8430 Japan.	0
Author keyword co-occurrence data have been used for building a similarity measure between keywords, plus cluster analysis for revealing the main WR research being addressed by the scientific community.	3
The T100 originated from 19 countries, with more than half of them originating from the USA (n = 97).	4
For Gates applicants, high levels of concreteness tend to improve the odds of funding; by contrast, at the NIH, we find a strong positive impact for MeSH concentration and marginal effects for both broad and narrow words.	4
Hence, this study examines the research performance of SEA countries and universities in the field of language and linguistics for efficient policy-making.	1
This is a slightly revised version of the paper presented at ISSI 2009 and appeared in In Birger Larsen & Jacqueline Leta, Proceedings of ISSI 2009—the 12th International Conference of the International Society for Scientometrics and Informetrics, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, July 14–17, 2009.	0
To measure the knowledge diffusion speed of LIS, we adopt the field average diffusion speed proposed by Liu and Rousseau (2010).	3
Kraus MLS (2002) Citation Patterns of Advanced Undergraduate Students in Biology, 2000-2002, Science & Technology Libraries, 22:3-4, 161-179, DOI: 10.1300/J122v22n03_13	0
In order to remove casual contributors, the population studied was limited to 1,151 first authors consistently contributing to the field, i.e.	2
However, there are many countries of the region with very low numbers or with none at all.	5
By using econometric tools, the relevant study argues that at least part of the delay is associated with Laureate's age by the time of their prize-winning discovery.	5
Using SPARC's 2016 list of library OA funds, we contacted 63 college and university libraries to request data on funded OA publications (Scholarly Publishing and Academic Resources Coalition [SPARC], 2018).	2
Results showed that there is no significant difference between journal and conference papers in the distribution patterns and accumulation rates of the three metrics.	4
Specific strategies to limit this phenomenon must be implemented.	5
Author: with 3 high-profile researchers whose substantial part of their work has been officially retracted or corrected: Sarkar, Sch?n and Voinnet.	2
This purpose of this study was to discover whether there are scholarly evaluation metrics that can be applied to a wide range of books' types and contents.	1
To prove this point, conduct a quick experiment at your own desk.	0
What kind of scholarly publications are shared the most and which are the publications to be shared specifically by computer scientists in 2014?	1
Intra-national differences between generations can often be higher than cross-national differences between the same generations: the Polish case study may not differ much from parallel European case studies.	5
Given the size of the sample, we employ descriptive statistics by constructing groups of programs with specific characteristics, as well as cross-tables between different dimensions.	3
over a given period Ω (which can be single or multi-year) for a subset of countries S.	3
A total of 768 included articles contributed to 918 error corrections.	4
Given the de facto barriers for NNESs posed by the difficulties of English scientific writing, the marginal differences of linguistic complexity in scientific writing may not be enough to fully capture the language barrier of NNESs.	5
The field of economics was defined using the NSF fields and subfields classification of journals.	2
This article is based on a bibliometric study of the Scopus1 database on the topic of the integration of variable RES along with a review of the analysis of different government or regulation body reports on this topic.	2
In conclusion, researchers should take into account a regional bias favoring the study and citation of Palearctic mammals in WoS and Scopus, and that this bias is worse in WoS.	5
To characterize the global research trend in radiology departments based on bibliometric indicators.	1
To calculate the Category Normalized Citation Impact (CNCI), WoS Core Collection records (SCI, SSCI and A&HCI, articles, reviews and proceeding papers) in “Communication Studies" for 2013–2018 were exported to Incites.	3
To test for socioeconomic effects, we used the Human Development Index (HDI) from the United Nations Development Programme (2015).	2
Given a small number of studies with extremely large sample sizes, we used the median sample size instead of the mean sample size.	3
Furthermore, a conceptual science mapping analysis grounded in the co-words network was developed using SciMAT [32–36].	3
This process uncovered a total of 156 contact lens-related articles, published in 28 different journals.	2
Scopus narrow fields were used for the normalization, with 330 separate fields in each year, giving fine-grained field normalization.	3
From Table 6, we find that of the 478 journals in the RePEc data that we can match to the ABDC series, we grade the same number of journals as A*, A, B and C.	4
This study came about due to an expressed need for an overview of the developments in biosensors-related publications based on consistent terms that would allow logical comparisons of the topical growth over the years to be made.	1
The non-uniformity of food web studies is not only evident in ecosystem types, but also among geographical areas (Fig.	5
To obtain the local publication and citation data for this analysis and correlation of journal research activity metrics, the University Library purchased the 2017 Local Journal Utilization Report (LJUR) for UIUC from ISI, now owned by Clarivate.	2
The 1992–2012 (21 years, inclusive) time frame was used for all journal queries.	2
Authorship patterns of research articles published in seven Scientific, Technical, Engineering, and Medical (STEM) library science journals have been examined previously for the five years from 2011 to 2015 by using bibliometric techniques.	1
For these reasons, the results of this study should be handled with caution if they are used in an evaluative context.	0
The data has been divided into two collections: researchers_education and researchers_employment.	3
These logics do not merely guide practical database work (e.g.	5
2008) to find an optimal solution to the intertemporal optimization problem (1) - (5).	3
The results are divided into three parts, the first one shows the relation among population, government investment in tertiary education, gross domestic expenditure on R&D (GERD) (as a percentage of Gross Domestic Product (GDP)) number of researchers with scientific production and citations received.	4
Research question 1: Do reviews of published articles predict citations?	1
However, future similar investigations for other scholarly communications are required to further support these results.	0
Health and infection were the main research focuses.	5
The data analysis shows that the relevant governmental agencies dominate the whole standard system; basic-technology providers acquire greater competitiveness through participating in the standards drafting than the other kinds of enterprises.	4
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted reuse, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
This study analyzes topic evolution patterns in a scientific domain through investigating the topic trends, evolving dynamics, and migration of words during topic evolution.	5
We follow Swanson et al. (2007) in using information collected by the AACSB to obtain comparable faculty count numbers.	2
3 Most common topics covered by the top 100 cited articles in FPMRS.	0
We found that articles on the subject of biomedical publications research were published in more than 300 different non-specialised journals.	5
Thus, if scientists are denied access to high-quality scientific content, they are hindered from producing high-quality content themselves.	0
Particularly, Scientometrics ranks No.1 (TC) and has the most important impact on academic publishing.	4
To test for significant sex differences in publications within the five program groups, multilevel Poisson regression models were used (appropriate for outcomes consisting of counts).	3
For the sampled papers, the readership is dominated by users from Europe and North America, who together represent around 70% of the total readership annually.	4
The DoFA method, with slight modifications in construction, can be used to summarize the qualitative data that are commonly collected in higher, graduate and postgraduate education and training.	5
These findings suggest that research does not interfere with residents' abilities to care for patients and work in healthcare teams.	5
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
This allows the study of technology trends and the deep understanding of the distribution of scientific and technological output characteristics from the bibliometric perspective.	3
If I don't write for our top journals, I might as well be writing a letter to my mother.	0
(c) Negative Affect Mediates the Prediction of Neglect from OJ and ID.	0
Thus search engine query data can be used to discover business information and we can use search volume data to estimate business data.	5
To test the generality of this conjecture we model annual publication productivity in three independent mini studies.	1
* The authors' names are alphabetically ordered and they contributed equally to this paper.	0
These included research articles and reviews and excluded editorial material, book reviews, letters, and corrections, based on Web of Science classifications.	2
Specifically, we compare, contrast and consolidate six recent journal ranking studies (three Australian and three international) so as to construct our list of the world's best economics journals.	2
Applicants may receive more financial support than they actually need because there is no strict audit on the amount of money requested by each research proposal.	4
Keywords: research topic specialization; keyword network; research topic similarity; inter-university collaboration	0
The time period was chosen to be 2004-2014 and the citation counts were downloaded from 18 November 2014 to 16 December 2014, with a maximum of 10,000 articles per year and sub-category studied.	2
The population of the study consists of 1377 academic journals owned by MRST and MOHE, covered by the Iran journal database (http://en.ricesr.ac.ir) of all Iranian peer-reviewed journals, published in Persian and English Languages.	2
In this case, the inequality between chemists and economists is less pronounced.	5
The selected examples show only subgraphs of content-similar topics within the much larger network of relationships between all topics, which will appear in such situations, and indicate that graph-theoretical considerations using content-similarity via path connectivity are able to support topic detection and to trace topic trends.	5
In our paper, for each of the examined scientific areas we have taken into account the following evaluated products: articles published in journals, books, and chapter of books.	0
In this article, our main objective was to develop a method to discover and map fields of expertise in an emerging industry.	1
Our discussions suggest that APCs do represent a barrier for some Southern scholars, though perhaps not enough to outweigh the overall advantages of OA.	5
(3) To what extent does human classification performance improve, relative to ML, through (i) increased task training, (ii) increased prior knowledge, (iii) selection on past performance, and (iv) feedback?	1
We use text analysis and machine learning to answer a series of questions: How do we detect scientific innovations?	1
As Social Sciences and Humanities are not sufficiently represented in the Web of Science (WoS) data base, we included only those (consenting) StG applicants whose proposals were assigned to the ERC's 'scientific domains' Life Science (LS) or Physical Sciences and Engineering (PE).	2
Author origin (P = 0.001), gender (P = 0.001) and journal (P = 0.05) were associated with self-citation counts, and in the multivariable analysis, only origin and gender remained strong self-citation predictors.	4
It is observed that the sub-cores are much smaller than the overall coauthor core measure.	4
The results point out that the effect of collaboration activities on impact is largely independent of the papers' quality.	4
First, we calculate the distribution of the time lag between papers published during 1996–2009 and the papers citing them that were published during 1996–2012.	3
We identified journals for publications with the word "melanoma" in the title by using the ISI Web of Knowledge Database between 2000 and 2010.	2
Because of this notion, we adapt Hayati and Didegah (2010) approach and use exponential growth function to determine growth rates of scientific articles.	3
Unlike many other health fields, they do not usually centre around the curing or helping individual patients but focus on the microscopic scale instead.	0
Note that snapshots constructed in the sliding-window manner only accounts for the co-occurrences within subsets.	0
As a summary of our empirical study and with regard to research question 5, we explicitly recommend using several ranking variants for institutional rankings in the university sector, which can then be compared with each other using stability indicators, such as the ones we developed.	5
Network visualization was carried out using Gephi [Bastian et al.	3
Copyright ?2010, Keiko Kurata, Mamiko Matsubayashi, Shinji Mine, Keiko Yokoi, Tomoko Morioka	0
Mann-Kendall (MK) test is a statistical test commonly used for trend analysis in time series data.	3
Metrics—from citation counts to h-indexes and impact factors—as the primary mode of assessing quality of publication cause enormous damage to the remit of academic publishing, paradoxically discouraging the publication of risky research with difficult to assess impact, while also encouraging the publication of contentious and provocative work whose citation scores will be enormous, even in broadscale critique.	4
This article is based on an exploratory piece of research which used an open survey to address the following research question: 'how do ECRs discursively position themselves towards impact'.	2
This figure depicts the time-series trends of the means of paper character- istics from 2000 to 2013 based on the total sample of 3,365 published papers in Journal of Finance, Journal of Financial Economics and Review of Financial Studies.	0
Extracted data included: author names, year of publication, year of the retracted article, journal name, journal five-year impact factor, research type (clinical, basic science, or review), reason for article retraction, number of citations, and presence of a watermark indicating article retraction.	2
From May 2020 until May 2021, we collected and edited 30 papers from economics PhD students at New Zealand universities.	2
It is interesting to note that g-index is the top-ranking criterion, whereas h-index is the lowest ranking criterion out of the seven relevant criteria proposed in the multi-criteria framework proposed here.	5
For measures of scientific production and impact, we use Elsevier/ Scopus bibliometric data aggregated at the national level, which was previously employed by Wagner et al.	2
Network analysis was also conducted and explored in scientific cooperation in the finite mixture model study.	3
Clearly more research is needed to gauge the relative importance of different types of factors on students’ career choices.	5
The next step is to measure, with a suitable statistic, the degree of reliability of the value obtained for β.	0
The process of analysis followed six key stages: familiarisation with the data while transcribing, reading and re-reading; data coding; with codes subsequently being collated to identify potential themes; reviewing and refining the themes while ensuring they formed a coherent pattern; defining and naming the themes; extracts from the transcriptions were selected to support the validated themes (Braun & Clarke, 2006).	3
We found that the citation-based indicator is very highly correlated with peer-evaluated measures of group strength S for some disciplines.	4
Finally, this research recommended that Asian countries can consider to develop their own revised JCR rankings to better evaluate the existing JCR rankings by reflecting the citations of their countries' academic journals into JCR.	5
We find that faculty members with more shared institutional affiliations are positively associated with knowledge creation and knowledge impact, and that this association is moderated by the physical proximity of collaborators.	4
Thus, instead, DOAJ journal data was checked against a data file from SHERPA/ROMEO (ROMEO for short).	2
To measure autonomous training, I surveyed the research tasks in which students were engaged during their PhD training period.	3
This was necessary to validate the responses which helped the study to understand from which level of experience the respondents answered questions.	0
In 255 health and life sciences OA journals that charge APCs (APC OA journals) and 183 health and life sciences OA journals that do not charge APCs (free OA journals) that are indexed in the Thomson Reuters Web of Science, this study uses a bibliometric method to examine the relationship between two journal characteristics during 2009–2013: APCs and the percentage of published articles based on work that is supported by grants (grant-funded articles).	1
Afterwards, we calculated the overall coders' interrater agreement (Fleiss' Kappa, intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC)), including the coding solution.	3
Section 4 describes the data, and Section 5 presents the results.	0
The mean of the reviewers' preliminary scores was 3.85 (standard deviation [SD] 0.89) in panel A and 3.86 (0.98) in panel B.	0
In 2020, the number of articles published in DOAJ journals by authors affiliated with high-income countries exceeds the sum of the other income categories.	4
These findings lead to conclude that authors usually assign a higher importance for well-known, reputed, and large multidisciplinary databases like WoS, Scopus, and GS irrespective of their subject domain.	5
Although the major research topics have been formed in China, they are in the imbalanced development on the whole.	5
The contribution of this study to scientometric research is to demonstrate fault tolerance with multivariate rankings.	1
Practically, this study provides policy makers and researchers with a method that can quickly and effectively predict the emerging research topics to support policy making and grant allocation.	5
Most of the papers about chronic disturbances are about the effects of livestock grazing or forest products collect activities over plant communities, or the effects of pollution or fishery related activities over benthic invertebrates.	4
The Country Product Dummy (CPD) method, which was first introduced by Summers (1973) [28], was used to estimate the basic heading index.	3
The above-cited studies are mainly concerned about how the journals are ranked; however, perhaps an even more important issue is why the journals are ranked the way they are.	0
Specifically, the study used ten articles from an issue of volume 63 of the journal Aslib Proceedings that highlighted the work of the Information School at the University of Sheffield and that were all written by members of the academic staff of the School (and hence colleagues of the author of this article).	2
However, it is currently not available for free and has relatively low popularity.	4
Residency placement, subsequent scholarship, and career outcomes were compared among 670 graduates who participated in the elective Clinical and Translational Research Scholarly Concentration or no Concentration between 2009 and 2018.	2
We calculated Spearman rank correlations (rs) between the number of times manuscripts published in Biological Invasions in 2018 were mentioned by Twitter and Facebook users and their numbers of citations, mentions in news outlets, Mendeley reads, and requests using the R package 'ggpubr'.	3
The aim of this study was to identify the 100 most cited classics in the field of hip research analysing their qualities and characteristics.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(00):00–00, 2017	0
2ResearchGate unfortunately does not provide any overview of the number of upvotes obtained.	0
Under the PH and RA funding strategies, we find that effective peer review helps reduce false discovery only when it is nearly perfect (figure 4).	4
The mean number of career development awards to the 46 non-psychiatry departments increased from 2013 to 2022 (black square marker, Fig.	4
Percentiles are statistics pointing to the standing of a paper's citation impact relative to other papers in a given citation distribution.	1
Linear regression analysis showed no association between quality metrics and either the fee amounts or the turnaround times, regardless of geography.	4
Keywords: Informetric studies; Citation analysis; Impact factors; Power laws; Inlinks; Social networks; Collaboration; Demography; Writers; Diffusion; Elections	0
We selected all the authors that have published research articles in three well-known Digital Humanities journals – Computers and the Humanities (Chum) 1966–2004, Digital Scholarship in the Humanities (DSH) 1986–2017 and Digital Humanities Quarterly (DHQ) 2007–2017 – as the study subject.	2
Readers interested in other aspects of journal impact indices can refer to Waltman (2016).	0
The scope of spatial aggregation chosen for our set of localized bibliometric data is the urban area.	3
Therefore, the major objective of this research is to develop a framework that might serve as the base for a fully functional inventor collaboration recommendation system with the following capabilities: (i) Ability to toss diverse and novel recommendations that may benefit a large number of inventors (i.e., system should have high novelty, diversity, and coverage).	1
However, IPC contains 630 four-digit classes, whereas CPC distinguishes 705 such classes, of which 654 are currently in use.	2
This note argues for the generalization of the Perry-Reny index to allow for different weightings of depth vs.	5
Among the various ways to compute citation percentiles, we use in this study Hazen percentiles (Hazen, 1914): higher percentiles indicate higher citation impact (Bornmann, Leydesdorff, & Mutz, 2013).	3
Article samples were selected from a list of the most relevant 100 journals in the field of bioethics.	2
The results revealed that the statistically significant associations of HNCD with citation impact indicators disappeared.	4
The aim of the study was to investigate the scientific productivity of general surgeons who completed Masters or PhD graduate training compared with those who completed clinical residency training only.	1
Received 10 April 2020; Received in revised form 29 May 2021; Accepted 4 August 2021	0
The internal level analysis indicated a very weak correlation between page count and visibility, which is corrected as units are aggregated into larger entities (types and universities), and this is mainly due to the low visibility values (detected at all levels of analysis).	4
They ask rhetorically, If an article is considered to be a high-quality scientific contribution, then why does it generate only a few citations?	0
We would like to thank an anonymous referee for calling our attention to this point.	0
I should make it clear, however, that this broad picture tells us something about the papers themselves as well as something about the practice of citation.	0
Although all the 119 articles were about Sub-Saharan Africa, the majority of the first authors (77/119, 64.7 %) were affiliated to an institution outside Africa (Table 2).	4
Nevertheless, we have detected a slight alphabetic degree increase when the total number of papers is high (with 10 or more papers) in a few scientific domains (e.g., Agriculture & Biological Sciences; and Multidisciplinary).	5
7 (the citation consolidation of research output, CCCR) is the most accurate and objective representation of a research work itself and its received citations.	5
The distance between the countries are taken from Kristian Skrede Gleditsch's web site (www.essex.ac.uk/~ksg/data-5.html).	2
Precisely, the online behavior pattern should become a new factor to be controlled in AutLM studies.	5
Scale Invariance.—The index's ranking of two citation lists does not change when each entry of each list is multiplied by any common positive scaling factor.	3
As for the embeddings approach, it was generated ten new features by Node2Vec.	3
This study identifies several crucial determinants for explaining personal knowledge diffusions across different locations.	1
Study results can help the editorial department improve the journal's international influence through targeted measures, such as adjusting article types according to view and download analyses and increasing the proportion of international manuscripts selected.	5
Across the study period, there was a large increase in the annual volume of publications on the topic of ACL (Anterior Cruciate Ligament) surgery.	4
Conclusions with limitations of this work are discussed in section 4.	0
Specifically, I address the following research questions: 1) Which book metadata elements required for research assessment systems are present in WorldCat and are suitable for evaluating individual books?	1
9, the average of the first-generation citation counts for the high citation trend, medium citation trend, and low citation trend are 16.42, 11.49 and 8.80, respectively.	4
All verbatim excerpts from the interview transcripts are referenced with a participant code and the date of the interview.	0
The publications originate from 74 countries with the USA being the most productive supplier (Figure 1A).	4
A simulation study shows the superior performance of our variance estimator and confidence intervals.	4
For this article 179,313 crawled SPON documents were considered.	2
We conducted several robustness checks to ensure our results are not sensitive to changes in the specification.	3
An interesting finding highlights that the publication productivity is negatively related to geographic distance from graduating universities.	5
This study aims to propose a methodology for exploring promising research frontiers in the energy sector.	1
SPSS (version 20, IBM Co.) was used for statistical analysis.	3
The results are slightly better in Scopus (85%) which aligns with past studies that also showed a higher coverage for Scopus [95, 96].	4
Offering more courses to university students on the subjects of ethics, morality and literacy is therefore highly recommended.	5
To account for the count data nature of citations in our panel data setting, we use a fixed-effects Poisson estimator with the following conditional mean, E(CITvt|αv, xvt) = exp(αv + xvtβ).	3
2013) to PATSTAT—a worldwide database of patent records from patent offices in about 90 countries that is maintained by the Europe Patent Office (EPO 2016).	2
Demand for gold and hybrid journals, including both OA and subscription options, is significantly less elastic than that for closed-access journals (Columns 3 to 5).	4
authors, institutions, countries) receive one full credit each, and fractional counting, where all of the participating units divide one credit among them (i.e.	3
We find that increases in density over time, even when controlling for initial density and T1 publications, reduces the number of publications at Τ2 (β = -0.485, p <0.1).	4
Exergy, X, is the second-order energy-like term obtained from the product of impact (i = C/P, which is a quality term) and citations, C (a term that has both quality and quantity attributes).	3
The Spearman's rank correlation between the h-index of scientists calculated with WoS was 0.81 (95% CI 0.72–0.92) and with Scopus was 0.95 (95% CI 0.92–0.99).	4
Experiments that produce null results face a higher barrier to publication than those that yield statistically significant differences.	1
Therefore, the present study was performed to assess the characteristics of the worldwide research output in knee arthroplasty.	1
Principal Component Analysis was used to statistically analyze the research outputs and its results were compared with factor and cluster analysis.	3
This article will take the experiences of undertaking a recent research project which used a mixed methods social network analysis approach to understand the structure and role of academics ego-networks on contrasting social media platforms as a starting point (Jordan, 2017).	1
The leading categories were tropical medicine with 1580 articles (20% of 7746 articles), followed by virology with 1425 (18%) articles, infectious diseases with 1386 (18%) articles, parasitology with 861 (11%) articles and immunology with 828 (11%) articles.	4
Here, we utilize inventor addresses to identify establishment addresses.	3
Based upon high and positive correlations in the subject categories of Computer Science Applications and Computer Software, Mendeley readership counts for conference papers in computer science should be acceptable as scholarly impact indicators.	5
Over 51,000 article views and nearly 39,000 downloads show evidence of the large visibility of our preprinted research.	4
Then, empirical results from previous studies are synthesised, focussing on the lessons for research management.	0
Further patterns examined show that international collaborative articles have a much higher share in international comparative research compared to non-comparative research, small-scale country clusters are preferred for comparison and there is a dense network of comparative clusters between Europe and the US.	4
In addition to three IB-focused journals, namely JIBS, Management International Review, and Journal of World Business (previously Columbia Journal of World Business), eleven journals encompassing different business disciplines were identified: Academy of Management Journal, Academy of Management Review, Administrative Science Quarterly, American Economic Review, California Management Review, Harvard Business Review, Journal of Finance, Journal of Marketing, Journal of Marketing Research, Sloan Management Review, and Strategic Management Journal.	2
Aggregation of author-level data was based on the Authority dataset (Torvik & Smalheiser, 2009; Torvik et al., 2005), which has author names disambiguated on PubMed articles up to July 2009 with 98% accuracy.	2
The most productive countries by far were the United Kingdom (UK) (n=2,541, 29.31%) and the United States of America (USA) (n=1,035, 11.94%), which together produced more than 40% of all publications in JAN.	4
We see one set of disciplines (e.g., sociology, mathematics, physics, and chemistry) with a greater proportion of transdisciplinary publications that influence other discipline and another set of disciplines (e.g., medicine, biology, economics, and geology) with a lower proportion.	5
The results indicate that the UK is the most influential country, with several of the leading authors of the journal working at its institutions.	5
The results show that, when collaborating with those clustering systems that employ state-of-the-art similarity measures for scholarly articles, ICRT successfully improves these systems in identifying clusters of articles with the same research focuses as judged by domain experts.	4
The field of observation consists of all Italian professors belonging to two fields (SDSs) of the life sciences: Pharmacology (BIO/14, 506 observations) and General pathology (MED/04, 417 observations).	2
We collected from GS all authors who had added “Learning Analytics” (LA) manually as their research label.	2
the number of authors involved per publication type 5.	3
The present study follows Garfield’s (1987:55-56) operational definition of a citation classic as an article or book that ranks in the upper one percentile of citations of works published in a journal.	3
Contribution of authors from Balkan countries in the first and second decades was 83.9% and 76.5%, respectively.	4
The same procedure is applied to disciplines and results reported in Figure 3 allow to identify three main blocks of disciplines: the disciplines that were more central during the industrial revolution (before 1900) are associated to physical applications (such as thermodynamics, mechanics and electromagnetism).	4
A publications analysis using faculty websites and author searches in Web of Science was also completed, to provide local, contextual data.	3
The scope of our study encompasses all the research papers published in each of the selected journals from the respective inaugural issues through the end of December 2009.	2
Of these 128 publications, 15 of them were considered to be predatory journals (12%) by the Stop Predatory Journal's Community (n=13), Cabell's Blacklist (n=2) or the DOAJ “removed” list (n=10) (see Table 3).	4
It is difficult to change this kind of system in a short period of time.	0
The aim of this study is to analyze the studies on house dust mites published between 1980 and 2018 with bibliometric methods and to reveal the international relations between the trend, most influential articles, journals, countries, and institutions in the world.	1
Applying network analytics, this study investigates the contribution of individual disciplines in the successfully funded projects.	1
A Kruskal-Wallis one-way analysis of variance was used to compare the AAS between journals.	3
This suggests that foreign academics doing their PhDs in Japan act as national gatekeepers, while foreign academics with a PhD received abroad assume more the role of international gatekeepers.	5
The contribution of this paper is to draw attention to the importance of sample selection in longitudinal bibliometric studies of a research field or journal.	5
The scientific productivity of the scientist was measured by the number of publications during 2008–2017 and represented by the variable “ttlitems”, which was then employed in our models as the dependent variable.	3
A limitation of the study is that it focuses on Economics faculties only.	5
In other words, 38% of the publishing signatories abandoned their “won't publish in an Elsevier outlet" commitment [i.e., 23%/(23% + 37%)].	4
MedRxiv did not mentioned the publication for 53 (42.7%) of preprints.	4
The bibliometric data have been obtained from a database accounting for all of the scholarly publications reported to the Danish BRI in the period 2009–2011.	2
The subsequent sections describe which options are currently available to authors of articles in medical informatics to publish open access and how these programs are shaped with a focus on the type of open access, the fees and the licensing models.	1
In which fields are UK-authored journal articles higher quality when they are internationally co-authored?	1
The present research used the Altmetric platform to download information of papers by researchers from the University of Brasília (UnB) mentioned on Twitter.	2
The four in-depth case studies and their respective reference groups stem from four different research domains.	2
A discrepancy in the absolute article productivity between the databases was observed: a mean annual increase before the crisis was observed in all databases, while after the crisis the increase persisted in PubMed, in Scopus a decline was observed and in the Web of Science a smaller increase was observed.	4
We defined three indicators to quantify the impact of EGPTs and applied a refined link prediction approach based on weighted resource allocation to reveal emergence.	5
Therefore, similarly as applied by Guthrie et al.	3
There were 458 grants funded by meeting Institute's published payline (payline R01 grants) and 165 funded only because of ARRA funding (ARRA R01 grants).	2
Based on this, our study builds on data from the Elsevier Scopus bibliographical database, considering the top Economic Development journals according to the ranking developed by Google Scholar.	2
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
In conclusion, our bibliometric analysis of the top-cited papers allows the recognition of major advances and progress in the area of gastric disease, which can help identify the significant researches of gastric disease, accelerate the progress of study, and reveal the trends of investigation.	5
The whole process yielded a total of 15 330 data entries.	2
The prediction based on discriminant analysis was improved from 85 to 95%.	4
We therefore sought to (1) identify the 50 most-cited gastroenterology and hepatology articles originating in mainland China and (2) analyze these articles in terms of source journals, institutions and topics.	1
The number of knee arthroplasty publications has rapidly increased in recent years.	5
Text progression was the exact position of a citation context by centile within an article, while IMRaD showed the section type in which the citation context appeared.	3
To obtain the Quality-Quantity Composite Index (QQCI) we first reduce the values of each variable to a score lying between 0 and 1 by taking the ratio of the value to the maximum value of each corresponding field in the dataset.	3
Based on theoretical and empirical analyses, ARM-KB can be used as a valuable new technique or a supplement to traditional bibliometrics in the exploration of scientific frontiers.	5
The investigation presented here shows that the BRICS countries have cohorts of scientists producing papers in the domain of excellent research (Ptop10% and Ptop1%).	5
Interestingly, only 6 studies indicated that authors checked the assumptions of parametric tests, while parametric tests were used 91 times.	0
The paper is organized as follows: “Basic notions of complex systems and networks” section presents some basic concepts of Complex networks theory adapted to our problem.	0
The data to be used for the bibliometric analysis was accessed utilizing the Scopus database.	2
Consequently, with a modest h index of 15, Mullis has had an impact i = 6435 over that period of time.	4
To count ‘inventions' we grouped equivalent patent documents together in DOCDB-patent families; such a patent family represents one invention.	3
This finding questions the established narrative that one of the key reasons for mobility is knowledge sharing within the scientific community (Morano-Foadi, 2005), or, at least, that this knowledge sharing leads to an automatic increase in the scholarly impact at the individual level.	5
The quality of research productivity was assessed by two methods, including impact factors generated according to 2013 JCR and citation reports of articles.	3
Our estimate of the number of predatory journals is comparable to the 10,606 journals currently (7 June 2015) included in the DOAJ.	5
E-mail: {waltmanlr, clara, kostenmjf, noyons, tijssen, ecknjpvan, leeuwen, vanraan, visser, p.f.wouters}@cwts.leidenuniv.nl	0
In our current study, OA was not found to confer any citation advantage relative to closed-access articles (Table 6).	5
Our interview-based paper focusing on research collaboration effectiveness relies on 60 US academic faculty researchers' reports of their experiences to provide ideas about what is a 'good' or a 'bad' collaboration and the factors associated with each.	1
For the papers published in each period, we record the distribution of topics, and compare these distributions using a cosine-similarity measure.	3
+ Y?, respectively) are practically applied to process the 3-dimensional distributions of academic information using the journals in library and information science as empirical examples.	3
We use six yearly datasets from 1980 to 2004, with widely varying citation windows from the publication year to May 2011.	2
In this paper, we have given examples of situations in which more need not always be better.	5
They received a high proportion of funding from international grants and often self-funded their research projects.	4
1—Graph shows effect on overall similarity index of including and excluding quotations and references.	0
All these works focus on a comparative assessment using different scientometric indicators.	0
We looked at all available information in the WoS from 1990 to 2014, also performing five-year analyses.	2
The 2013 version of the data set includes more than 450,000 articles, with over 6 million citations among them.	2
Table 28 clearly demonstrates that there are more collaborations in the medical librarianship journals than there are in STL and ISTL, which predominantly publish articles in physical sciences and engineering librarianship.	5
We explore a series of hypotheses about the behaviour of communities that make repeated attempts on the benchmarks versus those making more isolated attempts, the composition of successful communities (single institution versus multiple institutions), their diversity (industry, academia or mixed) and the temporal dynamics in terms of the number of active members per community.	1
Moreover, a multiple binary logistic regression analysis was performed to identify adjusted factors influencing the citation status.	3
Publication counts for these journals were retrieved from Clarivate Analytics Web of Science (WoS).	2
We then compare the difference between the original rankings and rankings with awards for each system.	3
Results from the present study support the assumption underlying the signal amplification approach to weighted citation analysis that the likelihood of citations having substantial influence on citing papers increases with their in-text citation frequency.	5
The list of coauthor pairs, ranked by frequency was submitted to UCINET6 (a social network analysis program) and NETDRAW (a network visualization package embedded in UCINET6).	3
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.1007/s1119 2-020-03527-0) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
These data were compared with population, gross domestic product (GDP) and dollars spent on research.	3
The authors are affiliated with the surgery department at the University of Virginia.	0
In short, RG seems to promote an innovative model of academic reputation, where it does not matter how much significant is a contribution according to traditional merit criteria, while it is far more appreciated that a research item or—at least—its summary is shared with the scientific and professional community.	5
To solve this issue and minimize the impact of the sample bias when we randomly split the data into training and test data sets, an approach for constructing the classifiers from unbalanced data-synthetic Minority Oversampling Technique (SMOTE) is used (Chawla et al., 2002).	3
The most stand-out terms from 2019 were “higher education” with a frequency of 19, “knowledge” with 16, “model” with 13, and “classroom” with 12.	4
Despite these limitations, our study shows that altmetrics can be used to complement citation analysis for COVID-19 articles.	5
(5) The WoS classification of science fields retained its function as a de facto reference standard for research performance assessment.	4
In the second block period (2007-2011), there is considerable decline in the growth of both sub-specialities Molecular and Human Genetics.	5
During both times, thematic analyses were conducted to identify underlying patterns in interviewee responses in relation to the research questions (Braun & Clarke, 2006).	3
This study identifies four unique micro-SI clusters of Climate Change & Energy (Cluster 2), Entrepreneurship and Innovation (Cluster 4), Sustainability (Cluster 6), and Social Media & Internet of Things (Cluster 7).	4
First, interdisciplinary understanding can be measured and improved from inside a research group.	5
A comparison of the overall results of the two methodologies indicates that the alternative rankings based on the department g-index paint a more polarised picture of productivity and performance than does the official ranking.	4
We extracted and collated all SENIC's peer-reviewed paper titles as publicly posted in annual reports by the center for the 6-year period from 2015 to 2020 [22].	2
The top 100 articles were cited on average 326.4 times per paper.	4
We use information technology and tools to increase productivity and facilitate new forms of scholarship.	0
All the data used in our study are available in Santos et al.(2020b).	0
We obtained Instructions for Authors from English- and Japanese-language journals listed on the JAMS website and the ICMJE member journals listed on the ICMJE website as of September 1, 2021.	2
Reviews have a greater influence on the JIF compared with original research articles.	4
We first reveal statistically significant inconsistencies between some of the databases with respect to individual statistics.	4
The lay prestige may be measured by their presence in the media and by surveys of public opinion, whereas academic prestige may be evaluated using database indicators of publications and citations of academic articles.	2
We find four early-career factors that are central drivers for later success across science: working at a highly ranked university, publishing a top 5 journal paper, publishing most papers in top quartile journals and co-authoring with prominent researchers at the early stage of researchers' career.	5
Our key finding is the existence of a positive and robust relationship between an academic individual productivity and the quality of his/her co-authors network.	5
RQ2: To what extent can technically external hyperlinks on different types of health news websites be categorized as pseudo-external hyperlinks?	1
In this article, we study the international mobility of researchers in the field of computer science (CS).	1
Spain has relatively high research output in OA journals when compared with the world average.	5
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
Overall, 959 publications were retrieved during the period between 2004 and 2015.	4
Relative frequency of the time of first citation (all fields combined)	0
We found no strong indication that the interregional transfer of tacit knowledge was important for commencing research in the field of laser technology.	5
The scientific productivity indicator is calculated based on three sub-indicators: number of published articles and citations (50% of the total score weight), social media visibility (20%), and innovation (30%) [2, 3].	2
To further augment the analysis, bibliometric data were imported into VOSviewer for network visualizations.	3
Simple linear regression was used in longitudinal analysis.	3
The results show that we are faced with a reliable gap in all of networks.	4
In conclusion, our study shows that authorship rate in radiologic literature increased between 2013 and 2022, and the number of authors per article was independently associated with later year of publication.	5
There are a total of 68 universities of medical sciences in the centers of the provinces of Iran, of which 22 had websites that could be examined in terms of SEO, and therefore the sample of this research are the same 22 websites.	2
In total, 15 nations lack connections with others, but the remaining nations (52) comprise the largest connected component of international collaboration relations.	4
Publisher’s note: Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Search string ("COVID -19" OR "CoV-19" OR "2019-nCoV" OR "SARS-CoV-2") in topic field was used to retrieve data.	3
What is however, more alarming is the fact that even the best performing Indian Central Universities are miles behind research performance levels of the two top rankingWorld Universities (Stanford University and University of Cambridge).	5
All authors offered Author Assist between January 2011 and December 2015, their assistants, and their articles were included.	2
To perform the classification, we used three classification techniques, Support Vector Machine, Kernel Linear Regression, and Random Forest.	3
The earliest scientific and technological output was in the form of patents.	5
The mean time between publication and citation was 2.95 (SD 1.68) years.	4
87% of the respondents to the survey reported that RAE 2008 had influenced, in one way or another, their individual work and career, including the quality of their research, promotion prospects, earnings, likelihood to obtain further external funding, quality of publications, sense of belonging to a research culture, engagement in applied or in interdisciplinary research, collaborations with practitioners, and knowledge exchange activities.	4
After the launch of Google Scholar older papers experienced an increase in their citations, a finding consistent with a reduction in search costs and introduction of ranking algorithms.	4
In this article, we have quantified the effect of research spending on knowledge production in universities in the United States.	5
The main contribution of this work is Ogmios's autonomous capacity to retrieve and combine all necessary information on scientific profiles and production from different data sources and, also, its adaptability to any university or research institution.	1
Thus publications in 1970, 1975, 1980, 1985, 1990, 1995, 2000, 2005, 2010 and 2015 were downloaded.	2
Furthermore, because the international field of forces is determined exclusively by the GN, an international career typically means a GN career.	5
To reveal the landscape of journal publication requirements for PhD students, we investigate Chinese universities' doctoral graduation requirement files and trying to answer the following research questions:	1
The overall percentage of publishers on Beall’s List among the total number of publishers in the databases and index (0.05–2.25, see Table 2), as well as the percentage of journals among the total number of journals in the library products we examined (0.04–8.36, see Table 4), can be regarded as relatively low.	5
The finding that academic rank contributed the most variance to the regression model provides empirical support to the long-argued importance of publication in career advancement.	5
The network analysis’s main results indicate that diversity and collaboration have increased markedly and lead in influence and productivity of the USA, China, and Germany within Chaos.	4
Ranking was made using Elsevier’s subscription-based Scopus database.	2
To shed empirical light on this issue, we turned to a ghoulish natural experiment, assessing impacts of the premature deaths of 452 eminent life scientists (median age at death = 61 years).	1
109 (Cervical Cytology Screening), highest OBGYN impact factor (3.85) was PB no.	4
Out of 58,175 subjects involved, 6139 completed the survey, corresponding to a response rate of 10.5%.	2
Certain externalities such as number of articles published by the corresponding author and being selected for a press release seem to influence the number of citations in national journals.	5
This study investigated whether MDGs/SDGs progress translated to reduced cholera outbreaks or not.	1
Obviously, the collaboration among 985UNIs is intensely region-dependent.	4
One has to keep in mind, nevertheless, that comparing simply the sum of products among scientists may be unfair, because a major international scientific book can represent a hugely higher value than, e.g., several coauthored articles.	0
b MSE and ECE Departments, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, UT, USA	0
We turn now to an examination of the internal content of AJP articles focussing in turn on (a) the methods employed, (b) the population studied, and (c) the content area investigated.	0
Let us dwell in more detail on the analysis of the components of the methodology for constructing ratings of Ukrainian universities according to scientific citation.	0
The participants in the study highlighted four main issues that resulted in a weak publishing environment: institutional reputation building (academic reputation), researcher prestige/image building, lack of focus on local journal issues by legislators, and a weak publishing culture.	4
Apart from some errant sections in the curves of smaller fields stemming mainly from random fluctuations, the only substantially deviant field is physics (marked by a thick dashed line in Fig.	4
In this study, HistCite and CiteSpace software were used to describe and analyze the publications.	3
We test our hypotheses by examining the publications of scientists in the eight Nanomedicine Development Centers (NDCs) funded by the US National Institutes of Health (NIH).	1
84 pages [median]; p = 0.009**) and with a thesis supervisor more experienced in supervising theses (P = 0.01**).	4
For this analysis, I create a unique dataset by integrating information from various sources, including (1) the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ), (2) Scopus, (3) WorldCat, and (4) the list price of subscriptions and APCs from 11 publishers (Elsevier, Springer, Taylor & Francis, Hindawi, Bentham, IEEE, Brill, Karger Thieme, ACS and IOP), covering 61% of all journals in Scopus.	2
Because the structure of this network depends on the academics' choices, this is a model of (strategic) network formation in the sense of Jackson and Wolinsky (1996).	3
In the present article, an analysis of gold OA from across all areas of research—the 27 subject areas of the Scopus database—is realized.	1
Contributed by Anton Zeilinger, October 24, 2019 (sent for review August 19, 2019; reviewed by Ebrahim Karimi and Terry Rudolph)	0
To date, more than 16,100 records are fully completed in our database, with the remainder at least 50% complete.	4
Discovering the citation cartels in multi-level graphs can be implemented easily by using the modern semantic web tools for manipulating the knowledge on the Internet, i.e., Resource Description Framework (RDF) and RDF query language (SPARQL).	3
The evaluation metrics in this study were focused on article-level information to determine each faculty member's contribution to the health care policy department collected in November 2018.	2
Scielo and Latindex databases as well as the online catalogues of Chilean National Library and university libraries were checked for discovering Sport Sciences scientific journals edited in Chile.	2
I then used the Sci2 Tool to create a bibliographic coupling network from the included studies and calculated the percentage of reviewed studies that were included in the network, the density of that network, and the percentage of nodes to which the average node was connected.	3
oxycodone-related papers published between 1998 and 2017 were retrieved from PubMed database and the Web of Science (WOS) online database, which included the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCIE) and Arts & Humanities Citation Index(A&HCI).	2
An important finding is that SBs are generally characterized by a sleep that becomes less and less deep instead of a permanent deep sleep.	4
An illustration of the workflow of the GIMPACT Influence Analysis Framework	0
I believe that the predictive power of the index[47,48] is only due to a very large moment of inertia[46] as demonstrated in Figure 8.	5
In the first phase, a total of 3948 FMF publications were listed without any restrictions.	2
As expected, most of the PACS are clusterized respecting the hierarchy of the classification (see the Data and methods section), that is represented by the different colors of the PACS trajectories.	4
This decline in productivity is evident in both graduates of top 30 and non-top 30 ranked economics departments and may have important implications for what should constitute a tenurable record.	4
In our analysis, we use a data set from the last cycle of research evaluation in Poland conducted in 2017.	2
The first 50 articles originated from 14 different countries, and the top three were China (n=15), Denmark (n=10), and the USA (n=8).	4
While public health research output in India has increased significantly, there are marked inequities in relation to the burden of disease and the geographic distribution of research.	5
Only original clinical or basic science research articles and reviews of the literature were eligible for inclusion and data analysis.	2
The rejection category 'Reference to the literature and documentation' (Bornmann et al., 2009) is not regarded as a major reason for rejecting manuscripts.	0
Parts of the research were presented at the annual meeting of the American Educational Research Association in San Diego, April 1998.	0
For each school, articles published in journals indexed in the Social Science Citation Index in management and business between 2006 and 2011[2] were obtained, and these data were matched with the Journal Citation Reports – JCR 2006.	2
Community Medicine was the most popular medical specialty with was 140(15.3%) articles;	4
Economic disadvantages from loss of subscription revenue (category represented 68×).	4
High volatilities are observed for hundreds of journals.	4
High resolution images of the mapping approaches of this section are found at: https://sites.google.com/site/technovation2016idrmapping/.	0
No further analysis of the quality or contribution of the paper to the field or to the integration of the disciplinary insights reported is made here.	0
In the present study, we selected one country from each group: Denmark, the UK, Belgium and Italy.	2
Focusing on key aspects such as doctoral theses, publications, fields of study, projects, and regions, a descriptive, comparative, and correlational study was carried out.	1
Six databases were assessed, and 12 bibliometric parameters related to the economy, geographical origin, publication details, and corresponding author metrics were recorded.	2
In this study, we aimed to give insight into the article review process by investigating the characteristics and the fate of manuscripts submitted to the American Journal of Orthodontics and Dentofacial Orthopedics (AJO-DO).	1
The final response rate was 53 (59% for postdocs, associate professors and full professors, and 45% for PhD fellows), resulting in a total sample of 2654 researchers (Opstrup 2014).	2
It is concluded that all three categories of features explored i.e.	5
Qurashi for drawing my attention to, and sending me copies of, his studies.	0
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
The data has been extracted from the Observatoire des sciences et Techniques' (OST) in-house database.	2
The data were analyzed using IBM SPSS 23 (IBM SPSS Corp.; Armonk, NY, USA).	3
Using constant comparisons across stories and between codes and story walls (Corbin and Strauss 2008), we refined and reformulated the coded factors.	3
The results showed greater accessibility and use of Web references in the Information Science community, but also considerable progress in these aspects in recent years in Legal Medicine.	4
Interested in the intersection of the discoverability and visibility of local climate change research, we approached the problem from the outside in: through an experiment of searches for 'climate change/South Africa' and from the inside out: by reviewing the online presence of the CCRG.	3
We monitored number and type of registrations, country of origin and a quality score, which was developed based on Austin Bradford-Hill's earlier work, and retrospectively assessed.	3
Given the noted English bias, difficulty of multi-lingual searches within Web of ScienceTM, the pool of veterinary schools used in the bibliometric analyses were limited to those in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, UK and Ireland (a cohort of 52).	2
The claimed predictive power of h is traced to its inert evolution.	1
What are the prevailing data mining related topics in the LIS research domain?	1
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Introducing this special issue of the International Conference on Research in Advertising (ICORIA), this paper assesses the international diversity of authorship in advertising research by looking at the nationalities of author teams of articles published in the leading advertising journals over the last 10 years.	1
We also conducted interviews with key informants at the following research councils: The National Science Foundation (NSF) and National Institutes of Health (NIH) in the USA, the Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR) and Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council (NSERC) in Canada, the Medical Research Council (MRC) and Economic and Social Research Council (ESRC) in the UK, and the European Union (EU)'s European Research Council (ERC).	2
For the combination of the two approaches we constructed a so-called hybrid similarity measure, which is the cosine of the linear combination of the angles of the two vectors resulting in the hybrid similarity (r) as follows:	3
Do they explicitly mention the issues why the publication has been retracted?	1
We are grateful to our interviewees for sharing their time and thoughts with us this research would not have been possible without them.	0
However, further investigations involving more variety of sites are needed before a firm conclusion can be reached.	0
For the purpose of this current study, we employed SNA to delve into the conceptual structure of lodging studies.	3
Information Processing & Management Vol 25, No 2, pp 205-214, 1989	0
Three diversity measures were used: variety, balance, and dissimilarity (Rafols & Meyer, 2010).	3
The secondary objective is to study alternatives to the metric management system applied to the SUS to avoid its negative socio-economic consequences.	1
Out of the eighteen accessible candidates who met our criteria, ten chose to pursue postdoctoral research, with five opting to remain in China and the remaining five selecting overseas positions.	2
The main result is that holding other variables constant, the predicted number of self-citations of authors residing in an individualist country (with index = 1.00) is 74 per cent higher than in a collectivist country (index = 0.00) and that the number is 80 per cent higher for authors with an individualist ethnicity.	4
Rather, we aim to expose the implicit problem of what we will call "allonymous science" in order to render the problem more explicit and allow a debate that includes those who operate on the boundary between the public and private spheres.	1
This is a 16.26% increase in accuracy compared to that of preprint servers.	4
In this article, I will develop a theoretical framework for explaining this paradox by utilizing the idea of mechanistic explanation (e.g.	1
Clinical studies were the most frequent type of retracted publication (n = 70).	4
Looking forward, we argue that double-blind review procedures are insufficient to guarantee equal funding opportunities for male and female researchers alike.	5
Metaphor analysis obtained during a charrette-style workshop with 13 faculty from multiple disciplines suggested "inter-epistemological ways of knowing" rather than fields of study to move us from disciplinary to interdisciplinary to undisciplinary scholarship and education.	2
Hence, to capture researchers' importance from different perspectives, we calculated three complementary network metrics, including degree centrality, closeness centrality, and betweenness centrality, at the individual level of researchers.	3
In our sample, the mean impact factor of journals that offer services without fees and of journals that make only part of their contents freely available have developed similarly over time, whereas pure OA journals have only made up a relatively small subgroup.	5
Scopus Custom Data and the KAKEN1 funding database were used.	2
Mentorship, perseverance, institutional commitment to protected research time, and financial support are considered to be important to facilitate the successes of pediatric surgeon-scientists.	5
The proceedings were electronically retrievable through the Iowa State University Library Digital Collections.	2
To inform research governance and policy-making at universities, we clarify the relationship between grant money and research performance.	1
All information in the byline and in the contribution list was coded and stored in an Excel file.	2
Metadata plays a privileged role in the scholarly communication process by helping identify, discover, assess, and manage scholarly artifacts.	0
However, according to Guan and Gao (2008), articles on bioinformatics from China suffer from low international visibility compared with other major countries.	5
For all data, the upper side of the triangle seems to have a universal exponent around a~0.5.	4
The h-index is a composite of two factors (“number of papers published” and “number of citations per paper”) that present a cumulative or “career-long achievement” indicator recognizing the most cited scholarship as the most impactful (Barner et al., 2014; Harzing, 2007; Huggins-Hoyt et al., 2015; Lacasse, Hodge, & Bean, 2011).	3
Received 21 June 2021; Received in revised form 13 October 2021; Accepted 28 March 2022	0
The analysis then zoomed in onto the language and substance of the documents as indexes of institutional discourses on and approaches to plagiarism.	3
The positively correlating relationship between the level of economic development and scientific production based on the analysis of Asian countries’ scientific capacity cluster with their respective average GDP means countries’ basic research focus reflects their socio-economic demand.	5
The complete list of publications and corresponding citations for each of these applicants was retrieved by us from Scopus in January 2014.	2
For assistance in gathering this data I am grateful to Leiha McIntyre and Bruce Mussellam.	0
The main conclusions indicate a need for persuasion of OA to take place; APCs are an economic barrier rather than the main criterion for journal selection; OPR practices may seem innovative and emerging; scientific and evaluation policies seem to have a clear effect on the behaviour of researchers; researchers state that they share research data more for reasons of persuasion than out of obligation.	5
Therefore, if researchers use altmetric indicators to evaluate social impact, it is better to use an altmetric score, which is a comprehensive evaluation indicator for the impact of papers published by altmetric.com, for reference and to adopt multiple data sources to establish a comprehensive evaluation system.	5
This funding also encourages research practices that prioritize societal research problems and foster users’ utilization of research outputs while still preserving researcher scientific autonomy.	4
As Mendeley readership counts seems to be the most closely related to citation counts in comparison to other altmetrics, this paper proposes the hmen index as a variant of the citation-based h index which takes into account Mendeley readership counts.	1
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)	0
By dividing topic categories and keyword sets, topic-author-citation three-dimensional relationship data can be constructed.	3
The objective of the study was to analyze the correlation between AAS and traditional bibliometrics in the top nursing journal articles.	1
This produced a list of 261,497 DOIs, which was reduced to a random sample of 5000 DOIs, using the built-in random function within Python.	2
The NPW papers received around 880 more citations and a 0.07 higher index than the control papers.	4
To comprehensively characterize the citation histories of sleeping beauties (SBs), this paper presents a derivative analysis of SB citation curves.	1
Then, we ordered them in a matrix, which we call "intra-collaboration matrix"[Cij], as shown in Fig.	3
After a systematic literature search in the Web of Science (Supplementary material Table S1), we identified 262 publications testing for the importance of non-scientific features on the impact of scientific papers.	2
This article has been accepted for publication and undergone full peer review but has not been through the copyediting, typesetting, pagination and proofreading process, which may lead to differences between this version and the Version of Record.	0
In this paper, we investigate the effects of mandatory disclosure policies by analysing the decision of a researcher under different policies.	1
To explore scientific mobility patterns, we leverage a rich bibliometric dataset on Taiwanese academia.	1
As shown in Table 4, all rankings that have been published more than once (Buela et al.	4
FIC experiences in Uganda and Kenya showcase the important role of research training programs in creating and sustaining research networks.	5
Our findings highlight new forces that explain the diffusion of innovation and shape the norms of academic research.	5
In conclusion, future research evaluation exercises that use Mendeley reader counts for early scholarly impact evidence should ensure that narrow fields are used for comparison or field normalisation purposes to avoid conflating differing biases in the proportions of readers from different groups.	5
However, Medline/PubMed data impose limitations on the scientometric analysis.	5
Here, we offer 10 recommendations to amplify the discoverability of studies in search engines and databases.	1
This paper quantifies team power level and team power hierarchy using authors' career age to understand the characteristics of team power dynamics and their interactive effects on team impact.	5
First, ESEM (with robust maximum likelihood estimator and Geomin rotation criterion) using the ATC scale items with Mplus 7.2 will be conducted.	3
Despite the growing consensus on the competitive advantage of teamwork, the distinctive collaborative practices that nurture scientific success in biomedical science still remain unknown.	1
It is Journal policy to have most submissions considered by at least two assessors.	0
We define the quantity called influence range to describe this hierarchical relationship.	3
However, full adopters do not have more market power than partial adopters, even when compared to the subscription options of hybrid journals.	5
According to both databases, the growth rate of Indian research output on hepatitis is higher than that of the World output.	4
Note: With the exception of "Reader Interest," Section B, all values are statistically significant at or beyond the .05 level.	0
OA was not an independent predictor of number of citations when compared to non-OA articles (13.98 versus 13.63, P = .914).	4
To supplement the thematic analysis, we carried out a closer reading of the survey answers, focusing on how positioning is played out through discourse.	3
The paper uses the Scopus database to analyze the bibliometric data.	2
Knight from the University of Colorado (USA) as an author, and the USA as a country are the most productive actors.	4
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Out of the different categories of SPON documents, 'politics' (34,222 articles between December 29, 2008 and July 3, 2011) was selected for two reasons: (1) More than 100 contributions per single calender week were available with exceptions only between Christmas and the New Year.	2
For Case 2, can you indicate the main reasons for your 'most likely' option?	0
In our experiments, we used clustering accuracy (AC), which is a metric commonly used to evaluate the performance of various algorithms in machine learning, to measure the effectiveness of the method.	4
In this work, although we generally aim to solve a statistical question, that is to propose a measure of the minimum size of each group for a reliable comparison of the two groups, from the perspective of Scientometrics, we are trying to solve the following two questions: can JIF be reliably used to rank whole journals, individual papers, both, or somewhere in between?	1
Author contributions Conceptualization: CA, RG; Methodology: CA, RG; Formal analysis and investigation: CA; Writing—original draft preparation: CA; Writing—review and editing: CA, RG; Supervision: RG.	0
The results from Table 5 showed that no regression coefficients were statistically significant (in all cases).	4
1 From the Department of Physical Medicine, The Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio.	0
This exploratory study showed an overview of the Brazilian researchers and their researches in the area of information science.	5
After either pre- or post-peer review rejection, authors are matched to an experienced volunteer assistant to revise and resubmit their article in a process that blinds handling editors and reviewers, but not the editor in chief, to participation.	3
Web of Science database: it is available through the Web of Knowledge platform (ISI) and contains information on multidisciplinary research in journals for which its impact factor is calculated.	2
All types of documents covered by these databases were included in the study in order to facilitate the visibility of small regions.	0
A final finding is that references mentioned only once tend to be much more highly cited than those mentioned multiple times.	4
In order to construct the co-authorship network on the “evolution of cooperation” (the “EOC network” for short), we use Thompson Reuter's Web of Science (WoS) as the primary source to extract information on authors and their collaborations.	2
Bibliometric analysis can be used to identify not only major centres of plastic surgical research, such as the USA and UK, but also centres that produce high-quality data, such as Canada, and cost-effective research, such as Turkey.	5
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Emory University, 201 Dowman Drive, Suite 313, Atlanta, GA 30032, USA	0
This study compares the research productivity and impact of inbred and non-inbred faculty employed at Australian law schools.	1
This ontology is comprised of roughly 30,000 standardized article-level keywords and is applied to the entire PubMed index maintained by the NLM.	2
One of the strategies adopted was the application of factor analysis.	3
The average impact of WoS-indexed items in this study was found to be higher than the average impact in political science.	4
The Web of Science database was used to identify the top articles concerning CHD from the beginning of the database (1970) to December 31, 2016.	2
RQ1 How has the use of adjectives and adverbs in scientific writing changed over the past half century?	1
Keywords Open-access · Impact factor · Article Publishing Costs · Inequality · h-index	0
The mean RNIF and mean NIF based on the five-year IF available in JCR 2012 are given for all fields in Table 3.	4
We define institution size in a given year as the number of authors who have been ever been affiliated with that institution up until that year.	3
Eligible articles were those indexed in PEDro (1986-2017) and matched to Web of Science.	2
The results of the DD estimation confirm that international research visits reduce the time until promotion once we control for pre-mobility factors, year fixed effects and institution rank (Table 5, columns 1 and 6).	4
Governmental research grants are financially supported by taxpayers to meet financial requirements of research, particularly research that is unlikely to be supported by private funds.	4
Finally, ECRs' room for manoeuvre is limited by the fact that many work in research groups where the need to consider the wishes of others whose favours they need to win, are subject to institutional policies and restrained by the fact that they have to keep an eye on doing what is best to get them a job (publishing papers in high IF journals).	5
We sampled 164 universities, including 36 Tier 1 universities, 57 Tier 2 universities, and 71 Tier 3 universities from seven regions (see Table 1).	2
Our findings are that all three universities published many more articles in the second period.	4
The results indicate that collaboration levels among academic scientists in Kenya are relatively high with 65% of those studied indicating involvement in collaborative research.	4
The share of publications in different journal percentiles in proportion to the number of publications during 2000–2009.	0
This classification is the result of a partnership with Our Research3 and their Unpaywall Database.	3
The indexing of the top-cited journals was analyzed in three databases that are considered to have wide coverage of the drug literature and are often available to practitioners in their workplace: MEDLINE, EMBASE, and International Pharmaceutical Abstracts (IPA).	3
We also observed the top 2% list has over 10% of authors with publication or coauthor rates which are more than 1.4 times these thresholds, corresponding to 28 publications per year and 49 new coauthors per year.	5
Oxford Brookes University was chosen as the location for the case study due to there being a specialized health and life sciences campus library catering entirely to this subject discipline.	2
We address the following research questions in this article: 1.	1
In the first stage, the Journal Citation Report (JCR) of ISI Web of Science has been used to identify journals listed in these 13 subject categories from 2000 to 2010.	2
In order to take into account the expansion in the number of collaborations over time, we divide the sample into two sub-periods of equal length, 1998–2002 and 2004–2008.	2
The purposes of this study were to analyse the worldwide research output related to paracetamol poisoning and to examine the authorship pattern and the citations retrieved from the Scopus database for over a decade.	1
So, the growing number of publications proportionally increases the likelihood of a paper to become obsolete, but the contribution of each paper to this process is about the same, regardless of the age of the paper.	5
We compare women and men scores by regressing the score received by each research paper on a set of observable variables, and measure the gender gap through the estimated parameter on a dichotomous variable identifying the papers submitted by a woman.	3
We adopt Histcite to generate the citation network with 1452 nodes and 3251 links.	2
We classified the retraction reason, determined whether the citation occurred before or after retraction, and analyzed factors associated with the likelihood of systematic reviews citing a retracted publication.	3
In the growing landscape of open-access resources, CORE [2] stands out as the largest aggregator, providing access to millions of open-access research articles from repositories and journals worldwide [3].	1
Because of space limitations in this document, only two themes were chosen for the RIA phrase proximity analysis, and one theme for the JACS phrase proximity analysis.	0
Based on the above analysis, as information entropy can be used to quantify the degree of an uneven distribution of the words' probabilities in a topic, we use it to filter the valid topics.	3
Correlations between the characteristics of each country and bibliometric indices were determined using Pearson correlation coefficient (R).	3
The fact that most of the journals are generalist denotes the multidisciplinary approach of Mexican bioinformatics and its use as a complementary tool to the different biological science research areas, rather than as a developer of new methodological approaches, such as those found in specialized journals.	5
Specifically, this inquiry sought out to examine the overall uniqueness and impact of African American social work faculty in our top 25 ranked schools of social work through a broader bibliometric lens over a scholar's "academic lifetime."	1
Finally, a 27×27 matrix was formed for the inter-provincial cooperation network, and an 83×83 matrix for the inter-city cooperation network.	2
Overall, our results revealed the complex nature of the mobility-career relationship and gave support to the life-course perspective as a valid approach for the empirical analysis of mobility (Fernandez-Zubieta et al.	5
The complete set of results along with the statistical analysis methods followed by the	0
We obtained retracted papers from Retraction Watch (41), the largest database to date that records retracted papers, and pulled their complete trajectory of mentions over time on various platforms from a service called Altmetric (42) that has been tracking posts about research papers for the past decade.	2
This article addresses how the progressive development of a strong research evaluation system in Spain has affected research practices in two highly prestigious university departments in History.	1
The multi-wave data structure allows us to explore two kinds of comparisons: (a) comparisons between scientists at universities and research institutes for the same wave (significant values denoted by *) and (b) comparisons within each institution from 2001 to 2005 to 2010 (significant values denoted by #).	3
Here too there are variations between countries and between subjects: it by no means always leads to higher income, even in the field of university teaching.3	0
A recurring theme in the Flexit interviews was that of the distinction between the knowledge created for the host organisation and academic knowledge.	4
China, accounting for 6.6 % of the studies in this field, has exceeded UK and ranked the 2nd as subject in urban health during the period 2008–2012.	4
Multivariate logistic regression revealed that SSO membership imparts an additional 22 publications and 270 citations, whereas NCI-designated CCC added 10 additional publications, but not citations.	4
Twenty-nine group projects were submitted to a free online plagiarism checker (i.e.	3
Also, its centrality, especially betweenness, is higher than that of Korea and Taiwan, which are Asian countries in a similar economic situation.	4
We performed Mann-Whitney to analyze the difference between measurements and OA status, and we presented data in median (25% to 75% quartiles).	3
Africa contributed 696 OA journals, accounting for a mere 6.5% of the 10,712 global journals contributions as reflected in DOAJ.	4
It is strange that they are not linked to each other.	0
The hjif-index is thus an extension of the well-known h-index, and can be conceptualized as a natural marker of highly relevant journals within a given JCR group.	5
In this study, we conducted a systematic analysis of the current situation of OA journals sponsored by CAST and also recommended relevant approaches that can promote OA publication in China.	1
In this work we use variance as a measure of variability.	0
It focuses on geographical asymmetries in order to assess the distribution of new human and material resources throughout the country.	1
The ResearchGate score is also magical in the sense that it is very hard to understand how it is calculated; there is little transparency regarding the data and the algorithms used to produce the score.	4
The citation-related statistics compiled by the Publish or Perish software were collected from Google Scholar.	2
The clustering resulted in eight clusters with a modularity of 0.479.	4
This paper studies collaboration patterns in higher education research using the Scopus database with the application of the gravity model.	1
The results indicate that all indices show a high correlation with traditional metrics, but this relation is stronger with Oll.	4
The results showed that research in industrial informatics is related to the emergence and use of methods and tools and is nowadays shifting towards the application of intelligent methods such as machine learning and Big Data.	4
Of the 100 articles, 21 (21%) were published between 1990 and 2000, 73 (73%) were published between 2000 and 2010, and 6 (6%) were published between 2010 and 2020 (Table 2).	4
His research focuses on the intersection between information exchange, social norms, and social interaction in online settings, with a particular focus on textuality and interpretive practices.	0
We have found that PhD holders who move to industry, go abroad, and have international collaborations are more likely to use LinkedIn.	5
Last, we want to investigate possible correlations, if any, between the use of adjectives and adverbs and the expression of sentiment or emotion in scientific writing.	1
We identified five publications but only four are journals by definition: Journal of Computer Assisted Learning, Medical Teacher, Computers and Education, and Educational Technology and Society.	4
Explanations for this trend may include pressure to publish, increased research complexity, and expanded interprofessional collaboration.	5
Section 2 describes the sample construction and provides a sample and data overview.	0
The manpower and GERD figures are in FTE’s and billion $PPP.	2
The significantly positive influence of publication counts occurs in chemistry and mathematics, and significantly negative influences of scientific age and academic rank only appear in chemistry (p < .05).	4
A survey containing items on socio-demographics and the 33-item Reasons for Cheating Scale (RCS) was completed by the respondents.	2
We looked at the publications and personnel records of all researchers who had been employed or affiliated (full- or part-time) with the institute for the years 2010 (the earliest year that CRIStin data was available for the institute) to 2014 (the most recent quality-controlled year at the time of data collection) inclusive.	2
This finding suggests that different levels of aggregation tend to yield rather similar results.	4
reference list, footnote, hyperlinks or combination of these).	3
The X* and mean values run parallel as testified by Fig.	4
The coverage of MPs can be conveniently uncovered using a path search algorithm referred to in this study as the key-node algorithm.	3
The accuracy of both K means clustering and Na?ve Bayes classification is 80%.	4
The Google News corpus included ~1 billion words, with 200 000 words and phrases in common dictionaries and coded for content (https://code.google.com/archive/p/word2vec/#Pre-trained_word_and_phrase_vectors).	2
We further find that knowledge relatedness and citation number have negative effects on knowledge role transition, while adoption frequency, indegree centrality in the knowledge citation network, node number of the egocentric co-occurrence network, and journal impact of scientific knowledge have positive effects.	4
There is an urgent need to improve guidance on the retraction process and to extend this to cover preprint servers.	5
This study examines the relationship between information disclosure and knowledge accumulation using CIE's 2016 information disclosure policy as an exogenous shock.	1
Three different machine-learning models were applied to predict inclusion among the top 10% of all articles in terms of citation volume, based on article features contained within the retrieved content of articles' PubMed entries.	3
RQ1: How much do SAARC countries collaborate within and outside the region?	1
Spain largely collaborates with the USA, the United Kingdom, France, and Germany.	4
APE introduced MA to his wife, Joanna, and to one of his friends Jacek M.	0
In addition to the PhD sample, we collect a data set of economists who have any publications in the 50 economics journals over the period 2000–2015.	2
We used the SCImago Journal and Country Rankings site to compile a list of gastroenterology and hepatology journals to analyze.	2
The magnitude of this bias depends on the specific nature of competition in these RFAs.	0
In Section 3 we explain how the data have been collected and which methods have been used to answer the research questions.	0
The proposed test for self-citation is defined as T = h-index2/citations	3
Administrators in the medicine field were affected more heavily by their administrative roles.	5
I employ representation learning methods to obtain vector representations (embeddings) of terms, so that their pairwise similarities can be easily calculated using the cosine similarity—a commonly used measure for such task.	3
The aim of this study was to analyze the 100 most cited articles on ankle arthroscopy.	1
The disciplinary attribute of an article was assigned according to the subject category of the journal in which the article was published.	3
The collected sample consisted of n = 5.306 participants from n = 948 RC.	2
Cross tabulation of these four categories by a collapsed scale (combining not mentioned with barely mentioned) produced a chi square of 60.70 with 6 degrees of freedom, significant at the 0.001 level.	0
1) follows a power law below a threshold around a degree of 100 and a log-normal distribution above it.	4
As predicted, GS retrieved more references than Web of Science and Web of Science (Core Collection) for all four searches (>10,000 each time, with only the top 1000 by citations shown) (Table 1, Fig.	4
Overall, our results showed that much of the research coming from interdisciplinary teams focused on coupled natural and human systems was still largely divided into separate natural and human components.	5
We have also shown that this logic standardizes perceptions and practices, and re-shapes academic identities in a way that erodes scholars' sense of purpose while increasing their levels of stress.	5
institutions, countries and collaboration) are employed as valuable prior information.	1
The results show that this method easily measures the RPI for various performance indicators, such as cites/paper and h-index.	4
This study presents a deep learning approach for scientometric analysis and classification of scientific literature based on convolutional neural networks (CNN).	1
This paper aims to explore the effects of collaborative behaviour on scholar scientific performance.	1
Thus, we can state that the history of research on information and documentation over the past four decades, as compiled in LISA, reflects the consolidation and rollout of specialized documentation.	5
Their statement arouses our doubt: can one really expect that 25 % of a researcher's publications have been published in the first quartile?	1
The key themes were summed up as psychosocial problems among people, business economics and models, the outbreak of SARS, and discussions on the quality of life in terms of surroundings and the environment.	5
To do this, we count for the 127,546 papers related to graphene published, the total number of papers cited, and decide whether these citations are also G-S papers, or NT-S papers, or (2D + TMO + TMD)-S papers, or Others (unrelated to the three class of materials).	3
Step 3: Bibliometric analysis (presentation of selected descriptive statistics, mapping the networks of cooperation, merit content analysis);	3
The mean impact factor of Iranian published articles in ISI/WOS was less than 0.30 rose to 2.5 in 2010.	4
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
According to the keywords, three main consistent networks of keywords were identified: (1) sport innovation and entrepreneurship, (2) sport journalism and (3) social media in sport.	5
The salaries were obtained from the official tabulators of each institution	0
In this approach, then, the relevance rank of any given document is equal to the number of citation overlaps it shares with the original key papers, with higher numbers of overlaps indicating greater relevance.	3
Moreover, this study formulated manuscript submissions using both list prices and charges paid to Elsevier that OpenAPC collected to compare the results.	2
?2018 ASIS&T Published online Month 0, 2018 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
The scholarly article is the piece-rate unit for the basic payoff system of science.	4
A total of 69.9% of the journals were non-specialty journals and 61.8% were general international medical journals.	4
Received 13 December 2022; Received in revised form 26 June 2023; Accepted 28 June 2023	0
The latter is more theoretical than the former, and it conveys more emphasis on symbolic representation (as opposed to raw empiricism) than is true in Biglan's papers.	0
The motivations of this study, including the current situation and the research questions, are contained in the dashed boxes, while the studies of this research are enclosed in the solid line boxes.	0
The Garfield Factor of journals can be calculated by two different ways:	0
From the perspective of relative downloads, the changing trend occurring in pattern 4 does not appear, and the two patterns all follow power functions.	5
Florio (2019) argued that a possible strategy to evaluate the economic impact of the knowledge created by ALBA or similar synchrotron light sources could rely on the combination of two activities: ?	3
The clustering method applied is an ascending hierarchical clustering algorithm using the Ward criterion of distance maximisation.	3
Among the most represented languages, WoS indexes more documents than Scopus in Spanish (37,113 versus 30,632 documents) and Portuguese (12,560 versus 11,734 documents).	4
Through basic network metrics such as density and clustering coefficient, the study hypothesizes that the socially sustainable research communities are those with low clustering and high density.	1
The focus was publications produced by the social work profession rather than research from other disciplines using what might be regarded as social work frameworks, or research coded as social work (Field of Research 1607) in the national research classification system (Australian Bureau of Statistics, 2008).	1
This study answered research questions using an explanatory sequential embedded mixed QUAN-qual design.	3
The number of times each publication had been cited was obtained via a Scopus search of each specific publication.	3
Out of a total number of 639 articles, the number of works signed by only one author is 420 (65.7%).	4
The data we use are collected from the International Movie Database (IMDb), http://www.imdb.com in [1].	2
Authors co-authorship network of JRMS consisted of 98 authors (nodes) and 510 co-authorships (links) [Figure 1].	4
The collaboration network was weakly clustered, fragmented, and scattered, and the relationship among institutions was not close.	4
Web sites of Iranian medical universities were investigated based on the webometrics indicators, global ranking as well as the process of changing their rating.	3
(Although rates are lower for the 2013 issue, it hasn't been out long enough to accrue many citations.)	0
Figure 5 shows the Spearman correlations between the two metrics, calculated separately for each year but combined for all journals because of the low numbers involved.	3
This study proposed a procedure to identify scientific teams in funded projects, and further detected collaboration patterns amongst teams by using the motif detection, from a perspective of the knowledge flow.	5
To study network effects, we first reconstruct the temporal aggregated network of movie directors, pop musicians, and mathematicians to quantify the relationship between their network positions and impact.	3
In this paper, we compare these specific and absolute notions of quality and strength with indicators of citation impact, to determine, if the latter may be used as a reliable proxy for the former.	3
According to Table 1, the USA (242), UK (185) and Greece (172) took the top three places in terms of total link strength.	4
This study aims to (1) graphically depict characteristics of the 100 top-cited articles addressing adult spinal deformity (ASD), (2) diagram the association between articles according to subject and major topic medical subject headings (MeSHs), and (3) investigate whether major topic MeSH correlates with article citation frequency.	1
Results showed 10 peaks which present historical roots of positive psychology as depicted by RPYS analysis.	4
Search of Scopus, the institutional repositories, Github, and other databases identified relevant research outputs, which were then combined with Unpaywall open access data and manually-verified associations between preprints and journal articles.	2
We follow with an overview of the main methodological critiques of the rankings, namely their heavy focus on scientific research production and their bias toward the English language.	3
The study identified a number of critical gaps in knowledge that represent opportunities for ACS, educators, and others to engage members in the vital area of research ethics education and training.	4
The second step of the model is a zero-truncated Poisson regression that takes into consideration company fixed effects.	3
Our assessment suggests that while Open Access is a positive development that should be actively supported, it comes with important challenges.	5
Each citation in the attached bibliography is linked to a PDF of the respective article or webpage.	0
Assessments by peers are the cornerstones of modern science (Ruscio, Seaman, D'Oriano, Stremlo, & Mahalchik, in press).	5
Our methodology could be useful in forming policies to promote service innovation.	5
A model based on a set of bibliometric indicators is proposed for the prediction of the ranking of applicants to an academic position as produced by a committee of peers.	1
In contrast, the Euclidean index, being scale invariant, generates the same within-field ranking of macroeconomists before and after rescaling.	4
Coauthorship graphs that include Nobel laureates provide, in particular, a means to visualize the "centers" of disciplines as informally defined by recognized scientific achievement.	5
It appears from our study that the older, more established universities are still performing at the highest levels, and occupy the highest ranks among the Central Universities.	4
We also asked scientists to indicate the ideal length of the grant, how many people would be employed by the grant and in which types of academic positions, the type of research for which the funding would be used, and their assessment of their own chances of attracting this ideal grant within the next 2 years.	2
The long-term results of entering the neoliberal "rat race", which is strongly reliant on English language skills, are yet unknown.	5
To measure the strategic behaviour of researchers when producing knowledge, we asked questions regarding their choices when writing scientific papers.	3
On the contrary, psychiatric hospitalization, psychiatrist-patient, community and services were not mainstream topics in the study field and were of decreasing importance and popularity in L&P research.	4
We estimate the link between the "individual research quality" of an academic and that of his/her co-authors.	1
The term core documents have later been re-introduced by Gl?nzel and Czerwon (1996) in the context of bibliographic coupling (BC) with the goal to identify papers that form the most important nodes in the network of scholarly communication.	3
The following section reports on the data processing methods utilised in these studies, and highlights methodological issues we will be investigating in more detail through our own analysis of primary citation data.	0
Although social media are well-known, scholars prefer promoting their research by publishing in journals and attending conferences.	4
For analyzing collaboration patterns in UWS, we constructed a database from the five citation databases of Thompson Reuters ISI Web of Science (WoS).	2
Adopting the same framework, which was published in this journal, this study repeats its significance in the social sciences disciplines in South Africa.	3
However, the very last position is associated with a boost in views and downloads.	4
We selected four submissions as case studies and read them closely to assess whether research strategies were ambitious, feasible and clearly articulated; whether staff development was a priority and linked to underlying research strategy; and whether researcher support mechanisms were described clearly.	3
Second, it takes fewer years for Chinese inventors to cite Chinese papers than foreign inventors.	5
We conclude that the higher number of internationally co-authored papers in the field of cancer research belongs to the US, followed by Germany, Italy, France, and China, in terms of the measurements of degree, betweenness, and eigenvector centralities.	5
Combined with content association analysis, the development stages, frontier hotspots, and evolutionary trends of green railway research in China were summarized in the Chinese context.	1
A total of 118 manuscripts were randomized, 26 to usual practice and 92 to the intervention.	0
The American Society of Pediatric Hematology/Oncology (ASPHO) recognized recent changes in medical practice and the potential impact on pediatric hematology-oncology (PHO) workforce.	1
This descriptive analysis shows that the number of collaborations (degree and weighted degree) was increasing in a much faster ratio than the number of publications, indicating that international collaborations were becoming more common with time.	0
Public Choice and Journal of Policy Analysis and Management were strongly tied to economics journals (60 percent and 53 percent, respectively).	4
USA, Belgium, and England dominated the publications in Scientometrics throughout the 33-year period, while the Netherlands and Spain were the subdominant countries;	4
We recorded all Spanish health entities (and their corresponding URLs) that belong to, and were hyperlinked from, the national government or any of the regional governments, gathering a total of 263 URLs.	2
Figure 1 | Projecting a paper citation relationship into a city-to-city citation network.	0
We start by modeling the publication as a co-citation network consisting of the papers within the publication as nodes and the relationships (the citations) between each of the papers as links.	3
In turn, the lack of growth of academic output from developed countries, including the UK, should serve as a reminder to continue to prioritise academic and research strategies.	5
In the Gephi software, information is classified by year in the table of publication information.	3
Regarding the collaboration patterns, taekwondo scientific production published in the WoS was mainly developed in groups with a total of 304 multi-authored articles.	4
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
[We did not search PubMed because we needed more information about the papers than is contained therein, notably all the addresses.]	0
Therefore, this study investigates the effectiveness of the online examination system from the viewpoint of students enrolled in higher education institutions of India and Saudi Arabia.	1
Statistical Product and Service Solution (SPSS) version 18 was used for statistical data analysis.	3
One or more of the authors of this paper have disclosed potential or pertinent conflicts of interest, which may include receipt of payment, either direct or indirect, institutional support, or association with an entity in the biomedical field which may be perceived to have potential conflict of interest with this work.	0
With this goal in mind, we leverage the substantial variation that already exists in science funding for evolutionary biology across countries to initiate a constructive, forward-looking discussion about how funding strategy influences scientific quality in this field.	1
Acknowledgements The author is grateful to a colleague for thoughtful comments.	0
Furthermore, a far more drastic changes of research themes were observed in the English literature relative to the Chinese and Japanese literature.	4
We investigated the themes and their tendency of the corresponding categories by co-occurrence word (co-word) and regression analysis.	3
The hypothesis was not confirmed showing that there was a very weak correlation between ranking of Iranian state university and the ranking of their web sites (Spearman rank-difference correlation = 0.22).	5
The dominant theme that emerged from the interviews was the involvement of the University Librarian and how this impacted the communications around cancellations.	4
This paper is part of the Journal of Professional Issues in Engineering Education & Practice, Vol.	0
Thus, the h-index is used in this study of bibliometrics.	3
Funding rates in science ranging from 62 to 78% are higher than those in social science.	4
Our results show a high proportion of rudimentary online presentations by faculty members on institutional domains.	5
Figure 1: Graph showing average # papers per prolific researcher per conference by year	0
Thus, two GDA approaches, the Principal Component Analysis (PCA) and the Multiple Correspondence Analysis (MCA), as well as analyses of co-citation and co-authorship relations, were used to identify the positions of these journals in the field.	3
Through five metrics, we analyzed linguistic diversity across eight IPBES assessments.	3
Notably, central and local policymakers exhibit distinct adoption patterns; the former tends to prioritize policy continuity in their decision-making, whereas the latter lean towards adopting high-impact policies and learning from policy adoption pioneers.	4
We discuss the details of our proposed approach in section 4.	0
Their useful comments and criticisms have been instrumental in improving this paper.	0
7)—in a final step to reweight the control group in a way that it resembles the pre-Nobel citation life-cycle.	3
analyze the development of regulations about open science,	1
There is a need for institutions to develop further training in open access.	5
Changes in distribution, top affiliations, and research fields of highly cited studies suggest a gradual shift in interest in COVID-19 research toward more diversified and broader research areas.	5
The publication and citation data were retrieved from Scopus, in January 2014.	2
The number of scientific journal articles authored by two or more fellows grew substantially over time.	4
The bulk of the questionnaire was divided into two three-question parts.	4
Date range was limited to 2000 to 2019, and Document Type was limited to Article or Review.	2
Among some of the key features unveiled in this manuscript are: (1) countries with high (per capita) income have similar structures of their research productivity in relative terms, forming a strong network with identifiable geographical, linguistic, commercial, and geopolitical links; (2) some disciplines have strong relationships that remain across all country income levels (such as Computer Sciences and Mathematics), while others are more dependent on the income level of the country and their reliance on the primary sector (Agriculture and Veterinary); (3) China appears more recently within the network with similar research productivity profiles to high-income Asian countries, though it shows a history of swings that aligns with an erratic view of their research community; (4) countries outside the high-income group tend to form small isolated clusters mostly driven by geographical proximity, rather than income status; (5) middle-income countries show more dynamics in the discipline network than countries in lower and higher income brackets.	5
The bibliometric dataset is obtained from the Italian Observatory of Public Research (ORP), a database developed and maintained by the authors.	2
For the results depicted in the main text, we report the scenario where frequency and exclusivity are equally balanced at K = 500.	0
Quantile regression, logistic regression and receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were further used to answer the last research question: what is the special effect pattern of this social capital on the research impact of doctoral students?	3
The remaining pertinent data were extracted from the China City Statistical Yearbook, China Urban and Rural Construction Statistical Yearbook, and statistical bulletins issued by the respective cities.	2
Scopus was selected as the primary database for these data as a greater proportion of the journals included in this study were indexed in Scopus (compared with Web of Science) and it has been suggested that Scopus retrieves more citations per article than Web of Science and is more accurate than Google Scholar (Kulkarni et al.	2
Table 1 indicates that even in industrially highly important fields such as polymer science and chemical engineering the major part of the international publications originates from universities and in particular from SON groups.	0
Table 1 shows the results of the WoS-SC ‘Information Science & Library Science’.	4
Research in biomedical fields tends to generate the largest impact upon technology, fully in agreement in findings in earlier studies such as those published by Francis Narin and his co-workers (e.g., Narin and Olivastro 1992; Narin et al.	5
The academic sphere demands a necessity for the developed countries who are documenting and publication papers actively on social sciences related publications addressing the impact of COVID-19 on different communities and sectors to collaborate with the least developing nations of the world to encourage these nations to explore the areas of their concern in the best possible manner.	5
For simplicity of reporting, results are presented only for cases where the two simulated distributions have identical parameters but results are available online (the file location is in the conclusions) for which they have different parameters.	0
We retrieved these publications from Web of Science (WoS, managed by Clarivate) by means of using combinations of keywords (“Chile”, “chile#”, scientific name of taxa, “behavior”, “social behavior”, “mating”, “communication”, “hormone”, “reproduction”, “competition”) both in Spanish and English.	2
Furthermore, the field of application of nano-luminescent materials is mainly in semiconductor devices, which have at least one barrier or surface barrier that is particularly suitable for luminescence and quantum optics or photonic crystals.	5
The topic distribution over this period shows that the field is becoming increasingly segmented and specialised.	5
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Calculations were based on Gaster and Newman's algorithm [27].	3
we find a negative effect—though smaller in magni- tude—for INTERDISCIPLINARITY, that is, higher INTER- DISCIPLINARITY of a proposal decreases its selection probability.	4
The listed reasons can be generalised on the level of scientific collaboration: (1) the tendency to study phenomena that have a specific geographic and social context; (2) the poorer publishing possibilities in interna- tional or English-language journals; and (3) the less motivating reward system for inter- national publishing in Sociology.	0
While other efforts were intent on estimating the economic impact of the genomics revolution, we shift focus to the social and cultural capital generated by bridging together biology and computing—two of the constitutive disciplines of “genomics”.	1
Let us then conclude this article with some concrete comments concerning the practical usage of scientometric data.	0
The Web of Science database was accessed on or before June 11, 2013, and OHNS journals were selected from the year 1965 (or the date of initial journal publication) to the end of 2009.	2
Bibliometrics is a way of using a set of methods to quantitatively analyse academic literature (White and McCain 1989).	3
In the following sections, we begin with a review of nanotechnology-related social science literature with a particular focus on debates concerning the transformative capacity and impacts of nanotechnology on society.	0
In this article we study three types of uncitedness in Library and Information Science journals: uncitedness for articles, authors and topics.	1
Answers to open questions were analysed and aggregated for related content.	0
When Heidelberg is compared with the average of all 750 universities in the Leiden Ranking, the resulting OR = 0.18/0.13 = 1.39.	4
We then could take advantage of the data collected by Kim and Grofman (2019) for this set of scholars because it already contains the necessary information.	2
Use your smartphone to scan this QR code and connect to the discussion forum for this article now.*	0
All factors positively influence intention apart from PBC autonomy, which has a negative effect.	4
However, among R1 faculty, young and early-career faculty are more likely to have Google Scholar profiles than those in older cohorts.	4
The number of papers published by researchers affiliated to institutions located in most of the EE countries did not increase; significant increases were observed for two countries only—the Czech Republic and Poland.	5
For the present study, 9423 bibliographic records were exported from the Scopus database.	2
As of November 2012, the SDB features over 26 million records from MEDLINE (19,039,860 records spanning from 1865 to 2010), United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) patents (4,178,196, 1976–2010), National Institutes of Health (NIH) awards (2,490,837, 1972–2012), National Science Foundation (NSF) awards (453,687, 1952–2010), National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH) awards (47,197, 1970–2012), and clinical trials (119,144, 1900–2012).	2
Data inclusion criteria were as follows: (a) peer-reviewed articles on BCI research published and indexed in the Web of Science and (b) original research articles and review articles.	2
Received August 18, 2006; revised December 4, 2006; accepted December 4, 2006	0
An implication of our findings is that the Chinese science funding system could be made more effective by shifting more resources to meet the fundings needs of less-established scientists and the fields of science that are fund intensive.	5
On the other hand, the results related to the RQ2 revealed that the percentile approach (CP), the metric proposed by this paper, is best suited to provide appropriate weights for the citations either for the oldest or for the most recent articles.	5
Specifically, effective impact involves various combinations of capital from the scholarly field, the field of politics, the field of application, the media field, and the economic field, which provide credibility, authority, utility, visibility, and weight, respectively.	4
The speed of acceptance for COVID-19 manuscripts was 11.5 times faster than for human influenza.	4
The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health.	0
PPPR is currently the most viable way of correcting the literature and ensuring the scientific and academic integrity of the published record (see Table 1).	5
Specifically, this paper applies fsQCA, which, as defined by Ragin and Rihoux (2009) and Fiss (2011), is a method based on Boolean algebra.	3
Here, we set e=10-6; typically 20–30 iterations are needed for convergence.	0
Key Words: urology, universities, economics, National Institutes of Health (U.S.), research	0
What is the citation distribution to chemical databases in peer-reviewed articles by year, countries, organizations, journals and Web of Science categories?	1
The majority of articles originated from the United States (n = 51) with the most contribution from The University of Texas Health Science Center, Houston, TX.	4
In this article, we employ the bibliometric method to analyse the performance of Current Science.	1
Throughout the period, UIG relations were almost non-existent.	4
simple Pearson correlation analyses indicate that there is a significant positive correlation between the method's recall and both the percentage of reviewed studies included in the bibliographic coupling network (r = 0.72, p < 0.001) and the percent connectivity measure (r = 0.71, p < 0.001).	4
Based on 33 interviews with inventors at Belgian firms and knowledge-generating institutes active in nanotechnology, biotechnology and life sciences, we analyze the extent to which scientific references in patents reflect sources of inspiration.	1
By using an instrumental descriptive case study TS is viewed from a dynamical perspective informed by social thought from a number of perspectives to understand interdependent social mechanisms within a complex setting.	1
There is still important room for them in the scholarly communication landscape and the research community is ready to support reasonable and ethical publishing business models that respect the free and open evolution of knowledge.	5
The findings showed a significant and direct correlation between the number of OA papers and the total number of papers across countries (r = 0.68, P < 0.0001, N = 107).	4
We find that instrumental networks increase scholarly productivity, while advice networks reduce it.	4
When conducting comparisons, the result of the judgment or evaluation should only be normative when the estimate of what can be achieved considers what one has, invests, or provides	0
We show that the incident and extent of co-authorship have increased significantly, that empirical research has gained more attention over time, that the number of acknowledged persons has increased and that the fraction of articles in which a woman has participated has risen from just over 0 % to more than 30 %.	4
This information was carefully downloaded from the Web of Science (Web of Knowledge) bearing in mind Spanish personal name variations in international databases (Ruiz-Perez et al.	2
The risk sensitivity of ports is reflected through redundancy and substitutability.	3
Different combination of the words "brain," "user,” “mind,” "machine," "computer," "communication,” “interface,” “BMI,” and “BCI” were used, and the results were ranked by the total citation number.	2
For these outcomes, we employ negative binomial regression analyses, where the overdispersion in the outcomes is modeled as a linear combination of the covariates (46).	3
All the Andalusian public universities are positioned in an intermediate situation in the teaching block, with a negative USCI and a positive WCI (Fig.	4
The trend of partnerships between authors is also shifting from “divergence” to "convergence".	4
Given that the variance of the dependent variable was larger than the mean and showed an over-dispersed distribution (i.e.	3
Among the top seventeen countries, the United States of America (USA) was ranked first in most productive countries with total articles of 253, accounting for 19.77% of the total articles published within the survey period (Table 4).	4
Note that we have no direct means to study the actual growth of the topic on the Web.	0
While the journals as examples are practically processed in this study, there exists feasibility to extend the same methodology to other units including individuals and institutions, within single discipline.	5
Our results provided empirical support for the model introduced in this study: the social content (rather than the cognitive one) is the driver of a mediated process that predicts the download and usage of open access publications, and their later citation in Scopus.	5
We quantified the citation and online sharing behaviour of COVID-19 preprints using citation count data from Dimensions (https://dimensions.ai) and counts of various altmetric indicators using data from Altmetric (https://altmetric.com).	1
Second, such talented individuals born in poorer countries are systematically less likely to engage in knowledge production.	4
Furthermore, the three countries that co-author documents with researchers from Saudi Arabia are Egypt, the United States and the United Kingdom.	4
In this paper, we use the term "network of networks" (NoN) as an overarching term to address all related concepts including "interconnected networks", "multilayer networks", "multiplex networks", "interdependent networks", "multinetworks", "multilevel networks”, and “multidimensional networks".	0
These two journals had impact factors of 2.55 and 5.34, respectfully.	4
The key universities in this study were referred to "985 Project" universities or "211 Project" universities in China's mainland.	0
Computer Science and Engineering are the top research areas in both the databases.	4
Therefore, the correlation between investment in research (2007–2013) and the scientific production (2010–2016) is r=0.66.	4
Linear regression analysis was performed to assess the association of PubMed indexed publication numbers, number of corre- sponding author publications where email addresses were published, open access publication numbers, gender, level of training and number of abstract presentations at legitimate conferences with the outcomes of fraudulent conference invitations and predatory publications.	3
This link is weighted by the number of coauthored publications between each pair of countries.	0
Received 2 October 2007; received in revised form 4 December 2007; accepted 6 December 2007	0
First, our findings demonstrate that papers with similar citations in the short run may have completely different citation patterns in the long run.	5
Based on a comprehensive historical database from 1900 to 2010, this analysis uncovers both stable and dynamic patterns of production and productivity in Germany, France, Belgium, and Luxembourg.	2
However, this requires overcoming concerns and barriers, which seems inconceivable without reforming research evaluation criteria (CoARA, 2022).	5
In conclusion, parallel application and optimization of the various search algorithms to the same set of records allowed identification of errors of omission and commission leading to severe misinterpretations of the obtained results (including even the detection of mutually inverse trends in the research output).	5
Which topics are of great concern to the authors in COVID- 19 research?	1
Our methodology consists in partitioning projected patent co-citation networks of the Canadian nanomedicine industry and to verify partition quality in order to validate the use of patent citations as indicators of technological relatedness.	3
Therefore, the SCOPUS database was selected based on the fact that it is considered the largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature with more than 60 million records; it covers over 21,500 peer-reviewed journals from over 5000 international publishers in different scientific areas.	2
The results show that the development of the standards system mirrors that of China's communications industry: in constructing the standards system, the situation in which governmental agencies acted as the main body is noted to have changed into another in which such agencies acted as the leader and the enterprises acted as the main body.	5
Section four gives the discussion based on the analyses' findings, the study's limitations, its applications, and potential future research paths, and finally, the fifth section provides the conclusion.	0
These findings suggest that as the COVID-19 pandemic evolved in the 3 years since its outbreak, there were important shifts in trends of the number and origin of high-profile COVID-19 studies.	5
(See go.nature.com/n150int for an interactive version, including references to the six highlighted papers.)	0
use a Time-sharing Experiments in the Social Sciences archive of nearly 250 peer-reviewed proposals of social science experiments conducted on nationally representative samples.	2
In this article, we intend to answer the following research questions: 1) What methods are employed in Lithuania to identify prestigious publishers in assessing book outputs, and how do these methods differ from those used in other countries?	1
Employing a rigorous difference-in-differences (DID) methodology, it evaluates SSRF's effects on discipline-level production of publications by domestic researchers and those involving international collaboration.	3
In multivariable analyses, no statistically significant and practically relevant factors associated with quotation inaccuracy emerged, such as self-quotation, impact factor of the quoting journal, or importance.	4
For the same reason, the category of military science is taken as a single node.	0
The study considers 24 prominent journals in the LIS.	1
Since its origin, social network analysis has been frequently employed in the study of invisible colleges.	3
This article argues that it is pertinent to situate academic metrics (journal, institutions and individual scholars' rankings and ratings) within the broader logic of neoliberal government, in order to better identify and understand the impact of these metrics on political scientists' perceptions, behaviours and identities.	1
The citing and cited journals are often the same journals, and publication activity is highly correlated with citation activity.	4
We received the following items and a few others from Thomson Reuters' Web of Science (WoS) for each downloaded paper: unique ID, publication time stamp, keywords (several types), and the unique IDs of cited publications.	2
As we will see, however, one can also say some interesting things about the history of the paper, some of which are not directly evident from the application of the classification scheme.	0
Overall, we observe empirical evidence that validate both Hypotheses.	5
The model focuses on the review process in a top journal and how authors respond to it.	1
Errors in both citations and quotations were found in all three journals, although no statistically significant differences among journals were discovered.	4
The three most productive clinical areas (Table 3.) were Surgery with 478, Clinical trials with 321 and Public health with 295 publications.	4
The current study aims to understand the trends in Library and Infor- mation Science (LIS) research during 2004-2015 by studying the pub- lished literature in Indian LIS journals.	1
In this case the h-index was calculated from a basic search of the Web of Science.	2
In conclusion, our research strongly suggests that while Mexico may be losing a substantial proportion of its most productive young researchers, this diaspora sample is retaining its ties with Mexican institutions and taking advantage of their research connections in order to consolidate their scientific curricula.	5
Grounded theory was an appropriate choice of qualitative methodology.	3
Papers with three or more authors showed an increased frequency of high tail novelty over the solo-author rate by 37.7%.	4
The first most visible difference is in the number of papers published per year by researchers.	4
Sixty-two Radiology journals with IF >1 were included.	2
The Spearman rank correlation test determined the statistical significance of the correlation.	3
The purpose of this work was to determine the publication citation frequency at shoulder and elbow fellowships in the United States and to identify factors associated with increased productivity.	1
Country-specific data and income category were gathered from the World Bank List of Economies (http:// data.worldbank.org/country).	2
The results of Model (1) and (2) show that after the recruitment of TYTS scientists, the number of academic papers published by their peers did not increase significantly, while the number of their highly-cited papers gained a marked increase (Coef.2.2Trts = 0.225, P<0.05).	4
Most dermatologists (67%) published at least one paper in the last 5 years.	4
To address this hypothesis, we examined the publication records of graduates of an ACGME-accredited otolaryngology residency program from 1996 to 2013, with the secondary goal of elucidating additional factors associated with research productivity.	1
In multivariate analysis, publishing the thesis was significantly associated with a shorter dissertation length (43 vs.	4
Webometrics Ranking of World Universities is based on the analysis of 4 indicators; number of web pages, rich files such as the total number of PowerPoint, Word and PDF files available on the university's website, the number of qualitative articles belonging to the 10% of highly cited articles in their respective fields in Scimago website (https://www.scimagojr.com/) and the number of links and backlinks to the university's website respectively.	3
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Van Hooydonk, Gevaert, Milis-Proost, Van de Sompel, and Debackere (1994) were the first to observe the difference between these two procedures.	4
Using this network construction (details in Methods), we define the Cognitive distance Cij between field tags i and j as the weighted shortest path Cij = ∑ew, where e are the edges on the shortest path between the two tags i and j and We are their weights in the co-occurrence network.	3
Their article was made possible through funding from the National Science Foundation.	0
However, they only account for 5.8% (7,011 of 121,419) of all SARS-CoV-2 articles.	4
For each empirical article, we coded the gender of the first and last author.	3
Of 25 massively prolific authors with>700 publications in one of these journals, many were highly-cited (median citations 2273), almost all had published little or nothing in the Scopus-indexed literature other than in their main affiliated journal, and their influential writing covered diverse hot topics over the years.	4
Note: significant differences between all pair of groups in Nanoscience (p<0.01); between all pairs of groups (p < 0.001) except 2 vs.	0
Based on this, this paper constructs a measurement index of enterprise DTI including digital innovation attention (diga), digital innovation input (digip), and digital innovation output (digop) from the process and results of DTI.	3
Wenceslao Arroyo-Machado received an FPU Grant (FPU18/05835) from the Spanish Ministry of Universities.	0
The Equal Credit Method was selected because it avoids the shortcomings of the three other methods and provides mostly unbiased authorial credit.	3
Excluding explanatory notes that did not contain any bibliographic data (such as author, editor, document title, year, publisher, URL, and doi) solved this problem.	3
To contribute to this debate, citation-based and peer review-based ranking of law journals are paralleled in the paper, using qualitative and quantitative analysis.	1
Our analysis suggests that societally targeted funding can act as an enabler of inter- and transdisciplinary collaborations and the accumulation of experience to manage them.	4
As shown in Table 5, the BiLSTM_Attention model achieved a better performance than all baseline models on comprehensive measurements, with 83.10% accuracy and 76.29 % macro_F1 for the CAC task, and 80.46% accuracy and 78.18% macro_F1 for the CSC task.	4
With the help of international bibliographic databases WoS of Thomson Reuters, and Scopus of Elsevier, an analysis of scholarly papers of researchers at the University of Primorska was carried out for the 2010- 2014 period.	2
Table 3 reflects the rich diversity of the journals in which MIS scholars publish their research.	0
The distances between journals are calculated using the cosine similarity between their citing distributions respectively [see Leydesdorff et al.	3
The influence of self-citation is consistent across academic ranks and increasing levels of bibliometric measures, suggesting that authors are not manipulating the system with increasing experience.	5
The assumptions of Simonton's EOB were extended from a focus on the conditional mean of quality to the full conditional distribution of quality.	5
Organizational mechanisms are major candidates in explaining the above results.	5
For Harvard University, the odds for PPtop-10% 13,424/ 42,594 = 0.32.	4
There was correlation between the quality of peer review performance and the relative acceptance rate of the manuscripts.	5
In the NSF (2016) dataset, ‘S&E articles indicator' refers to the number of papers published for each country in 13 scientific fields: Agricultural Sciences, Astronomy, Biological Sciences, Chemistry, Computer Sciences, Engineering, Geosciences, Mathematics, Medical Sciences, Other Life Sciences, Physics, Psychology, and Social Sciences fields.	2
Finally, 812 valid documents were selected and analysed.	2
We are grateful to Sidrah Abdul of ASTRO for technical assistance.	0
How are Ukrainian A&H research represented on an international scale, particularly among English-speaking colleagues?	1
The most important driver of citation rate of the papers about chronic anthropogenic disturbances is the 2018 Journal CiteScore.	5
Received: 18 July 2017 / Accepted: 2 August 2017 / Published online: 29 August 2017	0
Indeed, credit to the editorial team, this shows an underlying strategy to ensure that ISF is maintains currency and a firm IS identity.	5
10 Namsor (https://www.namsor.com/), This tool was used in Elsevier's report The Researcher Journey Through a Gender Lens (2020).	0
TABLE 2: Distribution of the articles and their citation status according to countries.	0
Our data consists of all Scopus-recorded academic publications by authors affiliated with a university in the three SOEs across 27 subject fields for the period 1990–2017.	2
In addition, the average number of the presented abstracts, including oral and poster presentations, may be employed along with other criteria such as CiteScore [20], impact factor [21,22], source normalized impact per paper (SNIP) [21], in conjunction with the conference h-index.	3
The paired samples t-test (Table 2) shows that there are statistically significant differences (p < 0.01) in the FR?s of the two groups and the articles in the sparking group have higher FR?s than articles in the comparison one.	4
We would also like to point out the low number of foreign students.	0
2013) we have developed a preliminary model of credit sharing determinants, presented in Fig.	5
While liposomes are moving from a stage of innovation to imitation, metallic nanostructures are still in a phase of invention, in a first interdisciplinary dialogue between the biomedical sciences and nanotechnology, which revolves around the development of photothermal therapy and molecular imaging.	5
Other document types are usually not included in evaluative bibliometrics (Moed 2005).	0
Through a comprehensive knowledge management framework and the incorporation of multiple quality points specific to each journal, SPI-Hub provides prospective users with both recommendations for publication and holistic assessment of the trustworthiness of journals in which to publish research and acquire trusted knowledge.	5
We distributed questionnaires to 635 PhD students and 274 were returned (response rate: 43.15%).	2
Furthermore, internet access availability in schools positively moderates this relationship in all three education system proxies.	4
Our analysis then continues by relating this development to long-standing and fundamental ideas about self-betterment (Sloterdijk, 2014).	3
Papers analysed in this study were retrieved from the Web of Science Core Collection (WOS CC) and Scopus databases.	2
This is certainly an advantage compared to other indicators like the average number of citations per paper or the total number of papers.	0
Citation context analysis is essentially a content analysis of citations involving careful reading of the text surrounding a citation so as to determine what functions it serves for that paper.	3
This paper has uncovered a major problem with writing and publishing in medical science in Africa needing attention both through institutional development of expectations and good practice in academic institutions, and development of journal editorial procedures to detect and respond to the problem.	5
The m-quotient (18) for each neurosurgeon was calculated by dividing the h-index from each database by the number of years since the first publication.	3
Such interdisciplinary approach forms an example of how the same patterns can, at least theoretically, be applied in various, seemingly unrelated spheres.	5
As a result, we obtained 5,321 non-OPR papers and 2,505 OPR ones from the Web of Science (WOS) database, as well as the three-year citations of each paper.	2
Studying a large sample of applied researchers in Germany, we find congruence between researchers' popularity on social media, and both their visibility and interconnectedness in the publication domain.	2
The authors emailed the editors of the top 200 science journals ranked by Journal Citation Reports impact factor for the year 2012 [13].	2
To partly fill this gap, this paper investigates the relationship between citations and the number of authors for a selection of social science disciplines.	1
The objectives of the present study were as follows: 1.	1
The results demonstrate that the combination of the rescaled method and the AttriRank algorithm can effectively obtain the importance of patents, and provide a systematic and reasonable evaluation method for measuring patent value.	4
It is worth noting that many journals have entered the WoS database during the last years, in many cases to fill some specific niche that has emerged in the literature, although the most popular ones have been in the database for a long time.	5
It should be noted that, throughout this discussion, costs will occasionally be referred to and are based upon the experience of the author, who has worked in science and technology collection development for more than 25 years at five libraries.	0
In this study we investigate how and to what degree higher education institutions (HEIs) in Angola interact with the concept of OA to journal publications through their policies and practices, a country where the end of the civil war in 2002 marked a new start for growth in teaching and research.	1
BACKGROUND: Citation rates are an important measure for the impact of articles.	1
** More specifically, the term “narrowing” refers to a restriction of the claims made by the patentee in the original patent application	0
Country clusters were formed using Ward's minimum variance method based on country data for resources available for Research & Development (R&D).	3
The first section is a literature review, which covers related concepts and the methods of finding scientific frontier.	0
Maybe this is one of the reasons for the existence of so many poorly written hyperdocuments, lacking an well-organized structure.	0
In order to identify research activities and intellectual influences of Chinese scholars in local IS field according to the application of ACA and ABCA, the following research questions are addressed:	1
The total percentage of assertions that were not supported by the meta-analysis text was 26.01% (n = 424).	4
The aim of this research is to examine the impact of the results of science and higher education on the most important indicator of economic growth of the country – GDP per capita.	1
The outcomes provide evidence that nationally oriented journals do not constitute a separate, isolated segment of Scopus.	5
The most common challenge related to copyright concerns, making it difficult for some participants to determine what they are legally allowed to post on their profiles.	4
Data for the period of 2000–2015 are analyzed.	2
The highest rate of scientific production is related to the United States with 41%, followed by the United Kingdom with 16% and Australia with 9%, with a significant difference in the second and third which indicates the high quality and impact of this group of studies.	4
Thies, Microsoft Research India, "Vigyan," #9, Lavelle Road, Bangalore 560 001, India; C.	0
Educational methods included: (1) didactic lectures; (2) Small Group Discussion Sessions; (3) Protocol Development Groups; (4) one-on-one mentoring.	3
As Figure 11(a) shows, splitting, shrinking, and dissolving are associated with a large number of dropouts.	4
The average number of articles read per month was 20.66, with most articles read by the medical and other sciences, and on average each article was read for 32 minutes.	4
First, readers are highly aware of the existence of preprints on the arXiv repository that have not passed peer review or might not even have been subject to it.	4
The results of this paper explored the evolution of this field.	5
The result shows that the negative effect of department-level inbreeding disappears (dept-level inbred: b = 0.014, p>0.1), suggesting that the negative effect of inbreeding is mediated by selection, where lower productivity of inbred academics is already manifested at the time of promotion.	4
Single extractions were performed to produce a total of 6951 citation relationships.	2
The awardee's data are collected by visiting various awarding societies' websites and collecting the names of researchers who received awards from 1990 to 2023.	2
Our research employs two distinct indicators to measure the interdisciplinarity of scientific publications: the RS index proposed by Rao (1982) and further discussed by Stirling (2007), and the DIV index introduced by Leydesdorff et al. (2019).	3
USA was the preferred collaborative partner for international collaboration.	4
The scientific production of the Spanish IRs is acceptable; nevertheless, it is necessary to promote an increase in the quantity and quality of our society's scientific production.	5
Of the 2009 StG cohort, 932 of 2,513 applicants accepted this provision.	2
International collaboration comparison shows Finland outperforming average EU27 by almost 20 percentage points with a slightly higher growth trajectory in perspective.	4
Switzerland has a citation index of 180 but has been omitted from the figure for visibility reasons.	0
For their reading and review of an earlier draft of this article, we thank Jane C.	0
In the period 2006-2014, 1165 articles of different categories were published in J BUON.	4
A research for patents was also undertaken at the Brazilian National Institute of Industrial Property (INPI), with keywords in Portuguese.	2
This study takes a social network perspective to understand researchers' associations using two Organisation of Islamic Co-operation nations, Turkey and Malaysia, in the fast-developing field of 'Energy Fuels'.	1
The average distance between team members has increased from 100 km to nearly 1,000 km in papers and from 250 km to 750 km in patents.	4
Activity index (AI): based on the countries' AI (Frame, 1977), this index is calculated to identify the level of thematic specialization of each research category through the following procedure:	3
The results showed that Bcp is more sensitive in identifying the “lower level SBs”, which refers to the case when the total citations and the maximum annual citations of SBs are not so high in comparison with other typical SBs.	4
For University of Maine researchers whose work is not well captured through traditional bibliometrics, altmetrics has considerable potential.	5
The reference year for this study was 2016 and thus was prior to the PBRF changes introduced at the start of 2017.	2
Other visualizations are available, such as the wordcloud (see Figure 7) with subjects related to the user's query.	4
A non-linear relationship is shown in all the five indicators; specifically, we observe two types of patterns, namely inverted-L and -U relations, both presenting the existence of critical points.	4
In response to question Q2, 4 groups of subjects were identified in the Spanish university system.	5
The number of papers and the numbers of citations to them are presented in Table 1.	0
Measuring the scientific output of researchers, namely, productivity (quantity) and/or visibility (impact of citation), is important in many circles, such as universities, journals, funding agencies, promotion committees and employers [1].	1
We hope to remind both bibliometricians and research evaluators of the need to pay attention to the possible various h-index values even within WoS database.	5
Our research question is “How consistent and transparent is the process for retracting Covid-19 research from scientific journals and preprint servers?”.	1
For an explanation, see Indlekofer and Brandes [2013]; for an empirical example, see Rambaran et al.	0
Regional collaboration or partnership among ASEAN countries was, however, was found to be very limited, which is a concern for the region's goal of economic integration and science and technology cooperation.	4
The dominant type of convergence for Nano-Bio and Cogno-Bio was sharing materials.	4
National collaborations involve co-authors from two or more local (national) institutions producing a joint publication.	0
In line with the expectation that the scientific merit of a given proposal is a strong predictor of the selection and financing of a given proposal, we find that an increase in MERIT score associates strongly with both the probability that a proposal goes to the second round, as well as with the amount of funding allocated to it.	4
Many researchers are highly aware of their so-called status, and check diverse metrics related to the impact of their work on a regular basis.	0
As evident Open Access and high impact are not necessarily in opposition to each other.	5
Those factors that tend to create uncertainty about the future use of a discovery X will lead researchers to decide not to wait for finding out co-authors of possible papers in which X is used to make another discovery Y, and so, will tend to make co-authorship less frequent; so, in those contexts where the uncertainty about the use of discoveries is greater, co-authorship will be rarer.	5
Appendix 1 shows the distribution and percentage of outlinks according to the national links and the percentage over the total European outlinks.	0
To help understand these questions, we first created Table 1 which shows the following, in this order, for the 60 authors with highest average ranks in our dataset: (a) the cited surname, (b) the rank by traditional citation counting, (c) the highest rank among the 36 achieved, (d) the lowest rank, (e) the average rank, (f) the median rank, and (g) the sample-based standard deviation of the 36 ranks for this name (favouring traditional counting schemes).	0
We use WIPO patent categories to categorize patents.	3
The topic distribution in the field has become highly specialised, with emerging topics being fuelled by: (a) new technologies and methods (i.e.	4
The main goal of this study is to evaluate the suitability and feasibility of the proposed methodology for the process of evaluation and cohesion analysis of research groups.	1
In journals that publish primarily basic or translational research (Fig.	4
What is the visibility (proxied by citation ratios) of articles published in CEE and non-CEE journals and has it changed in the period 1996–2017?	1
The median scholar Relative Citation Ratio before program entry was 0.69, which increased to 1.0 among the post-K12 portfolio of scholar publications (P<.001 for comparison), indicating increasing publication impact over time.	4
Our results strongly support the hypothesis that different types of contacts in one's discussion network have differential impacts on the ego scientist's performance across multiple dimensions.	5
Trying to answer these questions, this study aims to shed light on international collaboration by researchers from the Eastern European countries (Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Moldova, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Romania, and Slovakia).	1
To be precise, we know the calendar year in which each investigator joined the HHMI’s payroll, but not the exact date.	0
Years from 1999 to 2022 were selected and datasheets downloaded.	2
One contribution of the study is to identify the particular factors researchers view as integral to the research collaborations they perceive as especially good or especially bad ones.	5
As a consequence, we interviewed Chinese biomedical researchers working in Europe to examine their perceptions of research integrity and the Chinese situation.	1
To build the list, Clarivate checks publications indexed in the Web of Science Core Collection? over the previous decade (for the 2022 list: 11-year period 2011–2021).	3
The experimental results demonstrated that the optimization ranking method exhibited superior performance across all three datasets, and with optimal outcomes attainable under specific conditions of a = 10, β = 5, and γ = 2.	5
Once the matrix with absolute frequencies of co-citation was obtained, the data were processed with VOSViewer version 1.6.18 and Gephi.	3
Immediately apparent from our discussions was that the motives for co-authoring and experiences with co-authors converged to two primary themes, which we label, ‘productivity considerations’ and ‘social considerations’.	4
Altmetrics data were used from a locally maintained database with data shared with us by the company Altmetric on June 04, 2016.	2
As an example, we elaborate Price's (1981b) matrix of aggregated citation among eight biochemistry journals in 1977.	2
Finally, Section 5 delves into the implications of the findings and suggesting avenues for future research.	0
IRs in universities in South Africa have a rich history that dates back from 2000.	5
We hope that this paper serves as a foundation to motivate conservation researchers, especially those in training (see Chapman et al.	5
To overcome the problem of dynamically loading the page, Selenium [1], a headless web browser engine, was used.	3
Median domain inlink counts show little relationship to RAE averages for the 111 UK universities.	0
Let us now focus attention on the automated algorithm, which is based on the combined use of two bibliometric databases (WoS and Scopus) and can be summarised in three steps: 1.	3
In this study, the accuracy of the Author ID (author identification) in the Scopus bibliographic database was evaluated.	1
This paper aims to identify and examine the most relevant factors or attributes that may potentially influence the adoption rate of e-journals among journal publishers in Malaysia.	1
Based on this approach (subject searching), the services appeared complementary rather than similar.	4
The final list of indicators includes the percentage of papers in RISC Core relative to papers published by the author, percentage of citations in RISC Core compared to overall citations, the weighted-average impact factor of journals where papers were published, the weighted-average impact factor of journals where papers were cited, the percentage of papers in international journals, the percentage of citations in international journals, and the percentage of papers in journals approved by the Higher Attestation Commission (Vysshaya Attestatsionnaya Komissiya—VAK).	3
Science Citation Index Expanded was searched in July 31, 2014 for citations of articles published in 70 selected journals since the inception of the database.	2
No association was found between stroke prevalence and mortality and the scientific production of the country.	4
Almost 70% of the evidence syntheses in our sample were of critically low quality.	4
This list comprises all journals ranked by Olson and included in the JCR [8] (JCR 2003).	2
To evaluate National Institutes of Health (NIH) support for rhinosinusitis research and characterize the proportion of funding awarded to otolaryngologists.	1
The patent records representing the field of nanotechnology were drawn from the global database of nanotechnology patents developed by the Program in Science, Technology, and Innovation Policy (STIP) at Georgia Tech.	2
The research presented in the current study makes several useful contributions to the existing body of knowledge of generative AI academic research and has useful implications for the practitioners working in this domain.	5
This study enriches existing literature by assessing the impact of public funding.	5
Model-2 shows that adoption of a translational approach is highly penalizing in terms of scientific impact; all other things being equal, a translational paper receives about one quarter of the citations received by a paper based on “standard” research.	4
To investigate, we calculate the PageRank of each AI publication venue—including both academic journals and conferences—from the references of the AI papers published by each venue in each year (Fig.	3
In total, we collected 6323 publications from 196 NPLs who acknowledged 11,734 peers, coauthored with 19,524 peers, and cited 113,760 peers.	4
The most-cited papers garner disproportionately higher shares of citations in larger fields.	4
Received 16 November 2021; Received in revised form 6 April 2022; Accepted 10 April 2022	0
The practical implications were presented for Asian countries as well as Korea to develop their own JCR rankings and for their academic libraries to provide better scholarly services.	5
We empirically test our ideas by applying text mining algorithms to model topics and extract rhetorical signals from 1,646 strategy articles composed of nearly 18 million words generating 172,237 citations over 35 years.	2
We demonstrated that academic rank is associated with a surgeon's number of years in practice, h-index, and history of NIH grant funding.	5
Acknowledgment: We thank lain Chalmers, MD, for providing advice and reviewing drafts of the manuscript revision, and Philippa Middleton, BSc, and Sarah White for their help with the literature searches and administration of the review.	0
This paper examines the degree to which country-level human development indicators (HDI) and gender inequality indicators (GII) gathered by the United Nations Development Report can reveal systemic gender inequalities in scholarship.	1
The seven stages of our framework to predict evolution events and analyze feature importance.	0
We also provide a set of criteria and methods for assessing the efficiency of the identified organizational features in achieving such goals.	1
We collected data about authors' country and institutional affiliation, and calculated bibliometric indicators (production, citation impact).	3
The proposed test uses the H-index and the total number of citations as provided by Google Scholar author profiles.	3
AAS fellows made up 6.5% of Australian-affiliated researchers in the top researcher database, or 7.4% of the Australian-affiliated researchers in Science-Metrix fields with at least one AAS fellow.	4
Blume, Department of Psychology, VCLS 208L, Washington State University, Vancouver, WA 98686.	0
Comparison of NIH-funded grant applications relating to endoscopy, liver disease, Helicobacter pylori, and cardiac catheterization from 1972 to 2002.	0
The order induced in the list of journals could also be defined on the basis of the author's experience in publishing in the field, by assigning an order to the list of journals in which he/she usually publishes—or wants to publish—his/her work.	3
The second part of the model uses logistic regression to model the influence of the explanatory variables on the probability of being lowly cited versus being modestly or highly cited.	3
Based on these considerations, we hypothesize that cultural distance is associated with praise, leading to our first hypothesis:	0
For the purposes of this study, a single page of A4 paper equalled 500 words.	0
In this paper we extend the notion of second-order similarity by applying it in the context of the hybrid approach.	1
Each article included in the sparking group was compared with articles (publications of article type) in the same field and with the same publication year; these articles are ranked in decreasing order of received citations.	2
I also carried out an online survey to better understand views on last and corresponding authorship.	1
Thus, we conducted a search of the Web of Science Core Collection which was limited to the journal Nature and Science, the publication date "2018" and the literature type "Article”, giving a total of 1596 articles.	2
Are there differences in the percentage of international collaboration?	1
The generated networks were analyzed and represented graphically using Pajek (Batagelj; Mrvar, 1998).	3
In total, the 20 journals that appear in the ranking receive 2515 citations, which is 47.6% of the total citations.	4
Afterward, we employed a t test to confirm if the scaling exponents of the power-law correlation have statistically a significant level.	0
We employ a two-step approach for filtering and finding key papers within a publication.	3
We gathered documents originating from Oak Ridge National Laboratory using the affiliation field in Web of Science.	2
https://doi.org/10.1378/chest .128.6.3817), demonstrating problems with how the current digital library environment communicates retraction status.	1
PBC performs best, with its MAP significantly better than all baselines when α is set to 10 or 20 (recall that we conduct two-sided and paired t-tests with 95% confidence level to check whether performance differences are statistically significant).	4
The databases used to obtain the papers were: SCI-EXPANDED, Social Science Citation Index (SSCI), Arts and Humanities Citation Index (A & HCI), Conference Proceedings Citation Index-Science (CPCI-S), Conference Proceedings Citation Index-Social Science and Humanities (CPCI-SSH), Emerging Sources Citation Index (ESCI), Current Chemical Reactions-Expanded (CCR-EXPANDED) and Index Chemicus (IC).	2
In relation to population, Denmark was the best-rated nation, with the lowest number of inhabitants per publication (11,457), followed by Sweden (18,426) and the Netherlands (25,749), and per modified h-index (90,746), followed by Sweden (170,602) and the Netherlands (218,203).	4
The precise boundaries and scope of a field are usually ill-defined—any given researcher at any time may read across fields, or publish in journals read by other fields.	0
Conclusion: Among the mandatory clinical research projects conducted by obstetrics residents over a decade in our department, 30.8% were published.	5
We then asked 18 writing experts and 30 economists to judge some of the original and edited papers.	2
A descriptive analysis was conducted based on retractions indexed in Scopus in medicine from 2016 to 2020.	2
Much institutional change in the innovation system has been superficial and involved reconfiguration rather than change of focus.	4
Resulting competence scales included three factors that we labeled as Perceived Respect (PR), Perceived Methodological Rigor (PM), and Perceived Intelligence (PI).	4
Participants were asked to gauge the effectiveness of various intervention strategies: formal sanctions (professional and legal), informal sanctions (peers), prevention efforts (ethics and professional training), and reducing the pressures associated with working in research-intensive units.	3
As a corollary to Theorem 1 of Perry and Reny (2016), Breadth Relevance implies σ < 1.	3
We also collected the bibliographic data from Scopus and WoSCC.	2
This IS community structure constitutes a valuable asset to cope with fragmentation tendencies in the intellectual dimension (research topics) resulting from many short-term topic bursts and from centralisation of conceptual terms.	5
The research published during the latest ten years are focused on determining properties and applications of its functional compounds and on its biological activity on health.	5
While the preprint servers identified 39.7% of the preprint-publication links, our linker identified 90.9% of the expected links with no clues taken from the preprint servers.	4
2 State Key Laboratory of Analytical Chemistry for Life Science, School of Electronic Science and Engineering, Nanjing University, Nanjing 210023, China	0
Mudd Building, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089-1061; e-mail: GATZ@USCVM.	0
In “Results” section we present our results, and "Conclusions and evaluation" section concludes.	0
ICRT successfully works as a post-processor to improve all the underling systems in all the datasets.	4
It has been established that almost all term fields are “within” the linguistic problems proper, and the terms from other sciences used in the projects are, as a rule, already adapted to the subject area of linguistics.	4
2) revealed that betweenness centrality (H2b: β = 0.29, p < 0.001), the partnership ability index (H3d: β = 0.38, p < 0.001), and the student-mentor coauthorship count (H3c: β = 0.33, p < 0.001) had a significant impact on the doctoral students’ h-index.	4
Based on the findings from this study, we expect that much research from low-income countries, even once it has passed through other publication barriers of peer review, has been and will continue to be discounted prematurely and unfairly.	5
The approach we describe ensures that every person listed as an author has intellectually engaged in the paper, it provides a more satisfying process for those involved (both lead- and co-), and it protects the meaning of authorship, even in an era of large scientific collaborative groups.	5
First, we performed some descriptive statistical analysis on the data.	3
The epistemic development and professional identity of the undergraduate and graduate student participants in this study were generally limited and na?ve.	4
Aspects investigated include publications in SCOPUS-listed journals; number of citations and countries of publication.	3
We use the formula proposed by Wang (2018) to calculate the growth ratio for topic i in year t:	3
Supplementary materials associated with this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:10.1016/j.jebo.2024.04.001.	0
However, only two Colombian scientific elite members published an article with two Nobel Prize laureates.	4
To assess synergies between chemical engineering and other categories, we compiled a list of the shared categories of the 24184 articles from 2012 and the shared categories of the references (approximately 800000) (Table 1).	1
Xia (2008) observed that, for a long time, repository managers and administrators have been bothered by the reluctance of faculty to participate in the archiving of their research output into IRs and, therefore, by the small size of their IR databases.	4
An ad-hoc designed "capture" strategy has been used to retrieve WR-related peer-reviewed journal papers from selected databases, and the information contained in their author keyword field has been thoroughly cleaned.	2
Department of Information and Library Science, Tamkang University, No.151, Yingzhuan Road, Tamsui District, New Taipei City 25137, Taiwan	0
The authors employed a dataset surveying faculty staff from 115 universities across the country and used multivariate data analysis to analyse data and test hypotheses.	2
Secondly, the clustering results obtained using other algorithms could provide different results, as the HCA technique employed in it suffers from sensitivity to data order, initial seeds, and outliers.	0
We found a weak positive correlation between a novel author-level complementary metric and the h-index.	5
I argue that, in spite of this, mathematical practice in general and refereeing practices in particular are such that the common practice of mathematical journals of using just one referee is justified from the point of view of proof validity assessment.	1
Received 10 July 2018; Received in revised form 15 August 2018; Accepted 29 September 2018	0
Of these, 19 338 (89.0%) were affiliated with one of the included 20 countries and underwent further analysis.	2
It seems that the partnership has caused a moderate-scale financial pressure on the operation of the CELJs, because the fiscal deficit can be immediately observed if the partnership fee is included in journal operation; especially when operation fee shortage is already in existence, this will be worse.	5
For a beam plot based on percentiles, (a) a sufficient number of a scientist's publications must be available and (b) the period between the publication of his or her papers and the time of the citation analysis must be sufficiently long.	5
This work was supported by a grant from the Research Grants for Librarians Program,	0
As for the publications, publishing in the editors' and editorial board members' own journals was not a norm.	4
Our study investigates the remarkable proliferation of such journal lists in China, analyses their underlying values, quality criteria and ranking principles, and specifies how concerns specific to the Chinese research policy and publishing system inform these lists.	1
The dataset was collected in January 2014 based on a seed list of 170 Twitter accounts of computer science conferences.	2
It turned out that 955,639 publications satisfied the stated conditions.	2
Our dataset included 358 reviews of 168 manuscripts submitted between January 1, 2019 and August 24, 2020 to a health professions education journal with a single blind review process.	2
By comparing these files (after converting to Excel format to enable use of Excel tools), I could ascertain which journals in the older file were kept and which were removed during the clean-up.	3
The majority of papers potentially originating from the paper mill 'International Publisher' LLC are characterized by suspicious collaboration patterns.	4
The final database contains more than 14 thousand authors' Scopus records and bibliometric data.	2
20 international journals listed on PubMed were examined.	2
The paper extends previous evaluations of research performance in tourism, hospitality and events by providing objective and valid benchmarks of well-established research impact metrics across different academic levels, institutional contexts and fields.	1
Five top anaesthesia journals were chosen based on current impact factor: Anesthesiology, Anaesthesia, British journal of anaesthesia (BJA), European journal of anaesthesia (EJA) and Regional anesthesia and pain medicine (RAPM) (SCImago, 2020).	2
But there was a meaningful difference between journal self-citation and Impact Factor in Iranian English medical journals in WoS in 2009 (P=0.002, r=0.77).	4
It also aims to identify other differential variables between monographic and non-monographic issues such as time for article publication, number of self-references in the journal and of the authors signing them, participation of the members of the editorial teams as authors, and number of authors per paper.	1
We further extend the two-author mode into international scientific collaboration by considering the national attributes of authors’ affiliation.	1
Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine the participation rate of editorial board members in publications from their board journals, as well as other associated variables.	1
It shows that these features which have gender bias are not dominative features in this prediction problem; that is to say, gender bias may cause some differences in some aspects like resource allocation, but it is weakly related to success.	5
It illustrates that, if the respondents have more challenges in adopting OA publishing, they will be less ready for OA publishing and conversely, if they have fewer challenges in adopting OA publishing, they will be more ready for OA publishing.	5
How to cite this article: Ruan QZ, Ricci JA, Silvestre J, Ho OA, and Lee BT.	0
2) What kind of medical research is being funded by different funders?	1
Manuscript received on May 2, 2006; accepted for publication on May 31, 2006; contributed by ROGERIO MENEGHINI*	0
This paper explores the crucial role of disruptive innovation in enhancing societal visibility within the growing connection between the scientific community and society.	1
This will be done by extending the study of Guimar?es (2002) to the period 2000–2019.	1
It seems prudent to steer clear from the JIF in researcher selection and evaluation.	5
In this sense, it can be pointed out that the main areas in which the IJIMAI publications are focused are Big Data, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and Classification.	4
Panel b: R2 = 0.94; R2 = 0.93; хду = 0.0179; ?ду = 0.0184; F – Stat.(4, 25) = 95.8258	0
Based on this theoretical background, we map existing trends on research collaboration among BRICS using four categories, namely: research capacities, research outputs, ranking and number of international collaborations.	3
Although a large majority of respondents felt that contribution statements provide more information than author order about the types of contributions made (60.71% versus 23.36% who saw no difference and 15.93% who perceived author order to be more informative), only 33.87% of respondents felt that contribution statements provide more information about deserved credit (versus 40.55% who saw no difference and 25.59% who perceived author order to be more informative).	4
Following Arroyo-Machado & Torres-Salinas, 2021 [11], we classified the current 254 research areas into six major "branches” of knowledge: “Multidisciplinary”, “Arts & Humanities”, “Life Sciences & Biomedicine", "Physical Sciences”, “Social Sciences”, and “Technology”.	2
The primary sources of data are official LIS school websites as well as faculty members' personal websites and curriculum vitae.	2
Latent Gold Choice (version 5.0, Statistical Innovations) was used to estimate the latent class models.	3
CONCLUSION: USA is in the leading position in global ophthalmology.	5
Central Asia consists of nine countries, namely Afghanistan, China, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Mongolia, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan in alphabetic order.	2
To find these related publications, I use a text matching approach that compares grant application titles with the titles and abstracts of publications to find research by the same applicant on the same topic as the grant.	3
However, a necessary but not sufficient condition is a step forward to the development of more advanced methods to measure knowledge transfer.	5
To create their data sets, the authors transformed a catalog of digitized texts, consisting of about four percent of all published books, into Google n-gram data that can be analyzed without violating copyright.	2
The RQ2 research quality ordinal regression coefficients of countries were correlated against national citation impact and funding indicators to look for patterns in the types of countries that benefit UK collaborations the most, addressing RQ3 and testing H2 and H3.	3
At the micro-level, we demonstrate that far from idealizations of full convergence, the realities of IDR centers are characterized by heterogeneous patchworks of multi-trajectory research domains-some of these enabling, others generating interdisciplinary knowledge.	4
Redundant publications are a common practice in the psychiatry journals screened.	5
The goal of this study is to estimate how outcomes for labs/PIs change when they experience an R01 interruption.	1
Open peer review, where authors and reviewers know each other’s identity, is used by 31 journals in the sample (i.e.	4
Accordingly, highly informative words (keywords) that describe the principal statement of each comment were extracted.	3
To achieve this, our efforts centered on finding the answers to three questions:	1
To the extent that the dream depends on becoming a global science and technology powerhouse through indigenous product innovation - moving beyond the second-tier process innovations that have served its developmental model well so far - our research suggests that China's innovation system must first overcome many significant challenges.	5
Acknowledgements We would like to thank Inge Bleijenbergh, Kathrin Zippel, and three anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments on earlier drafts of the manuscript.	0
The collaboration matrix of 245 × 245 cities contains a total number of 7718 international collaboration links that meet the above criteria.	2
Barriers such as time constraints and mentorship seem to play a critical role.	5
Ten networks have been created to evaluate the evolution of the DEA keyword co-occurrence network over the period 2008–2017, each network covering the keyword co-occurrences from 2008 until the corresponding year.	3
In this study, we use a regression model to study the influences of various factors on the inter-domain presence of topics.	3
H2: Within the European Union, the use of shadow libraries is more prominent in lower-income EU regions, controlling for the number of academics in the region.	1
We measured word count, positive phrases, negative phrases, question marks, and use of the word “please” in 2546 open peer reviews of 796 manuscripts published in the British Medical Journal.	3
Second, the descriptive statistics, network indicators and international communities were calculated.	3
This study uses two evaluative frameworks, the Robert's classification strategy of broader impacts and Woodson's Inclusion-Immediacy Criterion (ICC), to classify the impacts in NSF grant abstracts and project reports (Roberts 2009; Woodson, Hoffman and Boutilier 2020; Woodson and Boutilier 2022).	3
In this commentary, we encourage colleges of pharmacy to include a discussion of predatory publishing as part of the mentoring program for faculty.	5
We make several general recommendations on how to improve research practice and article citations.	5
Among them, we would highlight the one that uses two generations of references and averaged computation (M3-AWC-0.8), which in our opinion, although it is not the best in all areas, shows the most balanced results on average.	5
Vienna University Library, Bibliometrics Department, University of Vienna, Boltzmanngasse 5, 1090 Vienna, Austria	0
For the full period (1971–2012), the average number of authors for conference articles is 2.68, while for journal articles it is 2.48.	4
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
We retrieved 46,055 articles and 87,968 keywords from journals included in the finance section of the 2021 Academic Journal Guide (Chartered Association of Business Schools).	2
The results of correlation scores between network centrality and two different indicators of scientific performance indicate there is a robust association between researchers' structural position in collaboration networks and their scientific performance.	5
The survey went to approximately 15,000 academics, resulting in 2,121 responses.	2
The goal of this study is to develop and test a method to detect patterns of potential reference list manipulation (RLM) by individual authors.	1
The size ratio between the two publication types in the VABB-SHW is therefore almost 24 to 1.	4
Using these 'ideal' elements of research organizational structure as a conceptual framework, this study examines the extent to which these elements are displayed at four leading Vietnamese universities and suggests some strategies for improvement.	3
Our model extends the model presented by Smaldino & McElreath [1].	3
To better understand the problem of predatory publishing, this paper moves beyond a neoliberal distributive interpretation to apply a redistributive lens.	1
Table 1 Descriptive Information for Publication Rates by Journal for Unique Authors Listed	0
Most positive observation is the increased collaboration among physicists from the region.	5
We tracked the social media metrics from altmetric.com on 11 January 2020; there were 14,597 articles from the United States and 3942 articles from China after retrieval.	2
A total of 299 faculty answered this question with, overall, 56 percent (n=167) reporting that they used a researcher or academic networking or profiling site.	4
Abbreviations: AU, number of authors; TP, number of publications; TP*, number of publications with author information.	0
We suggest that instead of conducting the monitoring every second year, it is conducted once every five years in line with the time frame of the Declaration for Open Science and Research (currently 2020–25), to allow more time for implementing the objectives.	5
Although this study succeeded in presenting the relative importance of international academic awards and the relationships between them quantitatively, there are some limitations and further research is required.	5
In this study, we analyse Brunei publications in the SCI-EXPANDED as follows: document type, language of publication, publication year, collaboration pattern, journal and Web of Science category, and highly cited articles.	1
Wee Kim Wee School of Communication and Information, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore, Singapore	0
The papers in the field of physics coming from Croatia (11.0) have the highest average number of citations followed by papers from Slovenia (10.4) and Montenegro (10.1).	4
Our findings showed that infrastructure for understanding research is much more than just inter-connected databases and some wires in between.	5
From the four methods mentioned above, we obtain the two papers' ranking scores as shown in Table 2.	0
Our main task is to explore the current state of research capacities pursuant to that expansion in order to analyze the diverse styles in which knowledge is produced.	1
The journal count presented some difficulties, given that nine journals have parallel editions on SD, with separate titles and ISSNs (Spanish–English, Portuguese-English, and Portuguese-Spanish–English).	0
The data were analyzed using 4 software programs: SPSS 23.0, JASP 0.17.0.0, Factor 12.03.02, and JAMOVI 2.3.18.	3
The classification schema contains five first-level categories: Research Introduction, Purpose and Background, Process and Methods, Results or Conclusion, Contribution and Promotion as shown in Figure 4.	3
The authors examined trends of individual career development awards from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to psychiatry faculty, especially physicians, in comparison to other departments.	1
Our results suggest that well-known authors or authors at top-tier universities prefer to disseminate their working papers before or during the double-blind review process, in which case their identities will be visible for reviewers.	5
Increased vigilance by authors to prevent errata and consensus by journal editors on the format of reporting are warranted.	5
This study of the main publishers and their collections in the global scenario aims to assess concentration of ownership among the various players and countries in the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) database.	1
We examined both traditional scientific metrics such as citations and Altmetrics such as downloads, views, clicks and social media interactions of books in different disciplines and different types.	3
APC publications from authors based in China peaked in 2020 and in recent years we have seen steep declines, which we attribute to a number of factors:	4
Important lessons emerged from the point of the development of, and subsequent interactions amongst, the internal repository committee.	5
These attributes have streamlined the dynamic analysis of research topics and specialties and have further complemented co-occurrence-based studies.	5
One of the primary uses of bibliometric analysis is scientific mapping.	3
This study was funded by a grant from the Office of Research Integrity at the U.S.	0
(3) Are there significant differences of journal impact between access types?	1
Of the 739 analyzed errors, 62.5% (n = 462) were errata and 37.5% (n=277) corrigenda, averaging 26.39 (±27.5) errors per journal.	4
The research papers from the field of LIS are the measurement data in this study.	2
To investigate this proposition, we employ reference analysis to conduct retrospectives on relevant scientific articles.	1
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
In the table, each exact CC is the middle value of an interval extending 0.5 either side.	0
The purpose of this study was to explore the OA journal indexing practices and how this impacts graduate student searching behaviors.	1
In particular, we use this novel approach to answer the following questions: What was the uptake of Elsevier's hybrid OA publishing option between 2015 and 2019?	1
The total number of these books was 69,194 titles, of which 740 were open access and 68,454 were non-OA books.	2
We analyzed the probability of manuscript acceptance using a generalized additive model (GAM) with the mgcv package (Wood 2006) in R (R Core Team</ORGANIZATION> 2017).	3
So long as English remains the de facto language of global research and scholarship, the high costs in time and money that it imposes on non-native learners will inhibit information exchange, handicap academic careers, and impede public participation in research, especially in those regions where there is the greatest need for the opportunities that engagement with global scholarship promises and where articulate voices are most acutely missing from broader global conversations.	5
The findings suggest that it is more user-responsive to allocate retrospective collections funds for filling in monographic gaps than journal coverage gaps, as journal articles are cited less frequently and for shorter periods, while monographs are cited more frequently and for slightly longer periods after they are published.	5
For convention, the making of the collection of data was performed on the basis of the number of citations received from research papers in the bibliographic database Scopus (SciVerse Scopus, Elsevier B.V. in http://www.scopus.com/home.url).	2
Of 16 countries, 14 have the largest share of transnational articles with the USA, and for 11 countries this share is in the range 10–23%.	4
But our analysis of teams finds a positive role for experienced scientists as well: teams with a young first author and a midcareer last author are the most likely to try out new ideas.	4
The proposed heterogeneous ensemble methods achieve the best average F1 of 0.749 and 0.905 for fine-grained and binary algorithm citation function classification, respectively.	4
About 43 per cent of the publications were single-authored and the degree of collaboration was 0.57.	4
It can be checked that strong irrelevance implies irrelevance.	4
One important limitation of this paper is that we only looked at the data available on RePEc.	5
We observed that science and medicine largely dominated both the overall funded publication output as well as impact metrics, which is generally consistent with disciplinary trends in higher education (Clarivate Analytics, n.d.; Digital Science, n.d.-a).	5
(2) For AI players, 5.26 new researchers entered into the field of AI each hour in 2019, more than 175 times faster than in the 1990s.	4
The methodology followed used the TESEO database and Web of Science.	2
As work procedure, the SCImago Journal and Country Rank was used as source, identifying the group of producing countries in the Dentistry area from 1996 to 2009.	2
This research uses data from 55 business and management schools ranked by AméricaEconomía between 2006 and 2011.	2
We retrieve this information from the paper meta data provided in the MEDLINE database.	3
Although a general relationship exists between coauthorship and higher citation counts, the specific parameters of this relationship can vary from discipline to discipline.	5
This study aims to propose an effective and explainable evaluation model based on the probabilistic graphical model to quantify scientists' research ability in which academic environment (i.e.	1
Our focus is the development of nanotechnology in Russia in the period between 1990 and 2012.	1
Our descriptive analysis of the market launch and development of digital services in the field of academic journals reveals that the first journals in our sample began offering digital content in the mid-1990s.	5
The data for Case II is obtained from the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL) Anthology.	2
In between these two regimes, only 40% are stable in the middle 20%.	0
Focusing on journal articles that also appeared as arXiv e-prints, we classify them into two categories and identify two public availability dates of articles as the starting point of citation statistics.	1
Do the collaboration and impact patterns differ from one region to another?	0
We sought to address the following research questions: 1) What is the methodological quality of evidence syntheses citing retracted publications?	1
Deep neural networks, specifically LSTM and NNAR, are applied with nine features of topics to predict popularity score.	3
The macro-theme ‘Territory, landscape and rural buildings’ -with 36 responses- represents more than half of the answers.	4
We compared the top-cited OBGYN articles published in nonspecialty journals with the top-cited articles published in specialty OBGYN journals using the χ2 test and Fisher exact probability test (categorical variables), the Wilcoxon rank sum test (nonparametric continuous variables), and the t test (parametric continuous variables).	3
(Further subdivision of the N < N category into separate sets of small and medium sized groups does not ameliorate the situation.)	0
Data on faculty of each university and their SDS classification is extracted from the database on Italian university personnel, maintained by the MIUR.	2
Two papers with the most number of citations are both in social sciences.	4
Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Our results show that LLMs can to some extent discern papers with distinct originality level via OS; however, they appear to be overly lenient reviewers.	4
In the multiple logistic regression the dependent variable (here: the probability of citing articles being highly-cited) is predicted by a linear combination of several independent variables (here: especially the country assignments of cited references) (Kohler & Kreuter, 2012):	3
1Department of Family Medicine, School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences, State University of New York at Buffalo, Buffalo, NY	0
The proportion of journals with unrelated publishing practices varies from 9% (14/154) (Surgery) to 62% (63/101) (Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering).	4
The other three specialized network generators for RecordCollections are for creating citation, co-citation (Small, 1973), and bibliographic coupling (Kessler, 1963) networks.	3
In this paper, we examine how a new type of double-blinded research grant is experienced phenomenologically by recipients and whether it affords what it intends: risky, novel research.	1
Table 2 shows the results for the baseline regression model (model 1) which includes only the universities (and no other variables).	4
Finally, the Science of Science Tool (Sci2 Team 2009) was used to analyze the network parameters and visualize evolving collaboration networks at all three levels.	3
Compared to previous rather complicated and extensive efforts to adequately aggregate single rankings into meta-rankings, this paper's approach is easily implementable by using ready-to-use computational resources and applicable to a wide range of similar ranking aggregation tasks.	5
Regression analysis, discussed in Section 5, confirms whether the relationship remains significant in a multivariate context.	3
The author(s) reported there is no funding associated with the work featured in this article.	0
The results of bivariate analyses between the study variables and self-citation frequency are summarized in Table 2.	0
To assess the correlation between different measures of journal impact, we plotted the respective IF, ES, and AIS against each other for the year 2013 (Fig.	3
All content following this page was uploaded by Lu Zhou on 03 June 2022.	0
Utilizing MAXQDA software, we discerned terms, sentences, and broader themes within our interview transcripts, and this gradually allowed us to move from more empirically grounded toward more theoretically anchored codes.	3
We obtained a list of researchers and their email addresses by searching authors with affiliation “Nepal” from Elsevier's Scopus database.	2
The UK has more Scopus citations than Spain in all subject areas except veterinary and the difference is large enough for Spain not to be within the UK 95 % confidence interval for six of the eight subjects.	4
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0264-0473.htm	0
In addition, we collected various documents about ES genealogy and research funding at the European level on the website of the European Commission.	2
Findings - The authors found that respondents from the Global South were more likely to agree to adhere to policies and to emphasise that mandates could change publishing behaviour towards open access.	4
C2 is the metric that generates less biased results.	4
In our retrieved data, there were 1710 articles and reviews published by Nature from 2011 to 2012, and the total citations in 2013 of all documents were 70,114.	2
The number of mentions of a citation service in fact increases with a lack of openness: Web of Science (40), Scopus (24), Google Scholar (7), Microsoft Academic Search (1), Open Citations Corpus (0), and CiteSeerX (0).	4
For data collection, we used Scopus/SciVal, which lists the 500 most productive authors in different disciplines.	2
This further demonstrates, if only in the engineering disciplines, a correlation between DOAJ status and database indexing.	5
For too long, the measurement of scientific contribution has centered on the publication.	0
The aim of this study is to investigate the frequency of incorrect citations and its effects on the impact factor of a specific biomedical journal: the American Journal of Roentgenology.	1
2017), it is important to understand any differences in predictive power of scores based on the gender of evaluators.	1
It is also the first large scale model of any literature that is based on both citation links and the textual relatedness of documents and is thus among the most accurate characterizations of the literature ever created.	5
Comprehensive observations of science, technology, and research policy transactions are important for developing an innovation strategy.	1
Exponential-family random graph models were used to build the network models.	3
Determining whether a specific journal is a core or periphery target entails the use of a shareness (Sij) numerical indicator, defined as the number of papers published by an author in a specific journal divided by the total number of papers published by that author.	3
This turns the game of science from a prisoner's dilemma into a game of 'pure coordination', and from a 'public good' into a 'contribution good'.	4
Table 6 explores the above question and reports the results of a probit, whose dependent variable is the answer to the following question: “Have you ever published any article in an OA journal?”	3
The five properties that we identify are quite natural for the problem at hand and lead uniquely to the Euclidean index.	5
p<.001.All measures are computed at the year of publication of each paper.	0
Therefore, this study conducted bibliometric and topic analysis on 812 papers collected from the Web of Science database.	1
Abbreviations: GDP, gross domestic product; ISI, Institute for Scientific Information; RICYT, Red Iberoamericana de Indicadores de Ciencia y Tecnología; SCI, Science Citation Index; UNESCO, United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization	0
Based on the above analyses, we find that the “year published" field in the search page searches in both online and final publication dates fields of indexed records if two values are available.	5
This paper redresses this gap, by investigating the register (especially discourse moves and lexical choices) in 60 published, original-research articles on wastewater treatment published in four Chemical Engineering journals, with impact factor (IF) above 2.	1
The total number of SCIE indexed articles identified in the Web of Science (WoS) was close to 20 million between 1980 and 2010.	2
Unsurprisingly, we found that most of the journals published by widely recognized academic publishing houses (Elsevier, Wiley, Wolters Kluwer Medknow Publication, SAGE Publishing and Springer) were classified as "high-quality."	5
The data revealed that the probability of undertaking an academic career was 5.3 % higher for empirical than for non-empirical approaches.	4
We find no evidence that thematic funding increases the level of diversity in a recipient's research portfolio.	4
A general picture of the knowledge diffusion process is given by the three indicators at the country level over four periods 1992–1996, 1997–2001, 2002–2006, and 2007–2011.	1
We turned to JSTOR (2023) to search key term "radio" in journal research articles on radio applications in schools from the oldest and most prestigious journals such as The Elementary School Journal (1914—2017), The High School Journal (1917-2021), or The Journal of Educational Research (1920—2015).	2
With more than 1.3 billion citizens, China is the world's most populous country, and the second-largest in land mass, with an area approximately equal to the entire European continent.	0
students and master's students than in other user categories, and in all the user categories, correlation is more or less favourable.	4
These findings combined with those of other researchers, for instance the link between high impact publications and hot topics (Moustafa 2014), lead to the conclusion that evaluation criteria act as switchmen, determining the tracks along which scholarly work is pushed by the dynamic of interests of both scholars and their institutions.	5
The total number of citations received by the papers on the topic of graduate education was 127 in 2004 and has increased to 2,505 in 2019 (the last year for which complete data are available).	4
Here we display WorldCat data for a sample of almost 58,000 titles drawn from a research database to be described.	2
To fulfill our research objectives we analyze a sample of Canadian nanotechnology patents that are registered at the USPTO.	2
We employ principal-agent theory to increase our understanding of the relationship between impact policies and scientific practice.	1
What are the barriers, challenges, and difficulties in implementing open-access?	1
For the 20 hybrid journals that offered authors the option to pay for their article to be published as OA, the median publication fee was $3,000 (IQR $2,500–$3,000).	4
Note that summing up the percentages in the right-most column of Table 2 gives 95.4%.	0
The "Journal sample" consists of all papers from the Presentation sample (i.e., the 845 papers with known titles presented once at the Finance-related NBER SIs between 2000 and 2009) that (a) were published in peer-reviewed journals by January 2020 and (b) has bibliometric information available (this excludes 6 manuscripts).	2
For libraries trends for individual journals and for journal packages are important for informing collection development.	5
The workflow for phylomemy reconstruction uses advanced text-mining and complex networks analysis.	3
On 20 April 2023, we performed the last bibliographic search in Web of Science (WOS, Clarivate Analytics, Philadelphia, PA, USA) for all articles containing the terms “5-fluorouracil”, “5-FU”, “capecitabine”, “xeloda", “irinotecan”, “camptosar”, “oxaliplatin” eloxatin”, “trifluridine and tipiracil”, in order to collect the different names of the main chemotherapy treatments used in colorectal cancer, both conventional drugs and new therapeutic targets.	2
The following quotations identify the well-known works in a discipline and assigned as course readings.	0
Still, limited information has been collected about nonphysician PHO providers, hospitalists, the role of part-time PHO physicians, and how PHO practices differ at various size institutions.	5
The research questions are mainly descriptive, with the first two assessing changes in the two main measurable dimensions of research output: quantity and average impact.	0
Significant and positive differences in means are found concerning the mentions in peer review sites and the number of views and downloads.	4
As a result of the analysis of keywords selected from research papers and newspapers representing the perceptions and viewpoints of experts and the public, respectively, three major semantic clusters were found as demonstrated in Figure 2.	4
To examine whether the author(s) of the citing articles is (are) also the author(s) of the cited article (i.e., self-citation), an authorship analysis was performed.	3
The results of this empirical analysis suggest that multidisciplinary research has a non-linear effect on research performance.	4
At the scientific discipline level (SSD), 5 SSDs have a positive discrepancy of over 20%.	4
In addition, we used an author clustering algorithm developed by the Centre for Science and Technologies Studies [24].	3
The dependent variable in this study is the scientific performance of respondents in the last three years.	2
HIV/AIDS research is reductionistly-organized, following a hierarchy of biological structures and systems (Fig 2, Table 1).	4
665926 (PRINTEGER) and from ZonMw's 'Bevorderen Verantwoorde Onderzoekspraktijken'-programme under grant agreement No.	0
In particular, the relatedness index is employed to capture the citation relationships between journals with consideration of different journal sizes.	3
This table shows that 52% of the Iraqi-Kurdistan publications were co-authored with foreign countries.	4
We consider two models from previous works:[1] the random-impact model and the Q-model.	3
During the period analyzed, our results depict a lively area and highlight the prominent role that experiments play in the field.	4
The post-workshop survey results revealed a high level of participant satisfaction.	4
We hypothesized that the h-index would be strongly correlated with academic rank.	1
What is more, the geographic distributions were excluded from the analyses.	0
The current analysis focused on four general science journals (Nature, Science, Proceedings of the National Academy of Science USA [PNAS], and Cell) and four general medical journals (New England Journal of Medicine [NEJM], Lancet, Journal of the American Medical Association [JAMA], and British Medical Journal [BMJ] that are considered to be highly prestigious and highly desirable and extremely competitive publication venues for scientists.	1
Agreement between raters was analyzed on a subset of 100 EPs.	3
The study identifies five social norms and the intellectual reasoning that strongly condition the design of EBs: (1) A hegemonic view of communication research, (2) the institutional and national networks, (3) from production to boards, (4) the economic capital and (5) the evaluation systems.	5
This information is published on the first page of each original research article (9).	0
It has been acknowledged that international collaboration "brought in more citations for publications than domestic collaboration or regional collaboration" in social sciences research in South Africa (Sooryamoorthy 2017: 398).	5
The top 3 representative articles that fit the topics defined through topic modeling are provided in Table 5.	0
Over the most recent 25 years of study period (between 1985 and 2010 inclusive), there was a very large effect size for the collaboration index with mean scores for all audited articles nearly doubling [mean collaboration index 4.35 (SD 1.72) in 1985, 7.39 (SD 3.14) in 2010, ES 1.14 (95% CI 0.87–1.41)] (Fig.	4
We study the change in the topic structure of papers published in the American Economic Review (AER) after the appointments of editors and coeditors of the AER between 1985 and 2011 using a textual analysis of accepted publications.	1
In conclusion, our empirical analysis demonstrate various ways in which the growth of the scientific endeavor impacts the structure of the science citation network.	5
We conducted a linear panel regression analysis using 10 years of data for each researcher, excluding the year of program adoption.	3
Findings include: first, the focus of Chinese S&T policies is mainly on applied research and industrialization, rather than basic research; second, more and more government agencies are involved in making S&T policies, but collaboration efforts are not significantly increasing; last but not least, the influence of different S&T policies is determined by the administrative ranking of the policy-making agencies responsible for drafting those policies.	4
The collaborative team recognition problem aims to find the set of overlapping clusters C from G, which ensures that the clusters in C are of the structure of “core + extension”.	1
Table 1 gives the raw data by years of the number of authors per paper.	0
The metrics (such as the percentiles for each individual publication) are generated from a dataset of 22 million Web of Science (WoS, Thomson Reuters) publications from 1980 to 2010.	2
To compare the effect on their research performance by their administrative roles, we proposed four periods: the pre-position period, the latest position period, the reference period, and the in-position period.	3
Of the 498 preprints included in the study, 293 (59%) were subsequently published.	4
A central challenge will be to ensure that the system remains responsive to societal needs.	5
In this study, data is collected from Scopus, which is a product of Elsevier publishing corporation.	2
This study has illuminated patterns of change in journal characteristics and their specifications for authors.	5
How then do we assess the impact of a given scientific finding or work on the field at large (or another field to which the advance may also have relevance)?	1
Using network analysis in VOSviewer software, we group JBR publications into six clusters.	3
Most CAs agreed to assign authorship to those that drafted the manuscript (s21 = 3.7), interpreted data (s20 = 3.6), and analyzed data (s19 = 3.3), which agrees with the ICMJE criteria (Fig 3).	4
The final dataset for this study is over 1.4 million tweets, corresponding to 77,757 scholarly articles.	2
This would retrieve a set of papers citing at least one article published in the American Journal of Human Genetics and at least one article published in Annals of Human Genetics.	0
The dataset contains, for each researcher and every year from 1998 to 2012, each publication and the cor- responding JIF.	2
We searched for plant community inventories in Cerrado using the databases ISI Web of Science Thomson Reuters platform (www.webofknowledge.com), Scopus (www.elsevier.com/online-tools/scopus), Scielo (www.scielo.br) and Google Scholar (https://scholar.google.com.br/).	2
Empirically, we focus on a set of 370 bioscience profes- sors in Japan, identify their average career path and evaluate the role of international research visits (short- term moves to a different country while holding a permanent academic post) in career advancement in the home country.	1
The sample consists of 23 participants in 11 disciplinary areas from 16 Chinese scholarly institutions holding seven academic ranks or titles (see Table 1), including three full professors, six associate professors, five assistant professors, one lecturer, one associate research fellow, three postdocs, and four PhD students.	2
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
First, the share of researchers that have been involved in international collaboration as measured by co-authorship, and second, the share of their publications with international co-authorship.	3
Out of the 1317 documents, there are only 1259 documents included for bibliometric analysis after the filtration of language.	2
These numbers are attached to the 3-D patterns of the corresponding bibliographies.	0
To measure the characteristics of interdisciplinary topics, Xu et al.	3
We thank the dozens of administrators at participating universities who responded to our request for information on functional appointments of faculty.	0
With regard to collaboration, the co-author mean increased progressively over the course of the study period, reaching 5.17 authors per document in 2004-2013.	4
Ethical approval Not required (under Swiss law, informed consent is required when collecting personal health data, not when collecting bibliometric data).	0
We identified a steady annual growth rate of 6.49% in IIP research.	4
The analysis was based on creating a series of cumulative productivity measures designed to capture average annual productivity for each individual researcher during the five-year period:	3
Thus, this study sought to examine the research performance of SEA countries and universities in the field of language and linguistics for efficient policy-making.	1
Furthermore, factor analysis method was employed to convert categorical variables into continuous variables, making family SES a continuous variable (Ren, 2010).	3
(4) To analyse the conceptual structure with regard to trending topics and thematic evolution of LIS research in BRICS.	1
The results also showed that most of the OIC member countries scientifically collaborated with USA, People's Republic of China and the UK, with USA and People's Republic of China being the largest contributor for OIC member countries' HCPs and HPs respectively.	5
However, the degree of international collaboration is only slightly affected.	4
Assuming linearity in the relationships between the variables studied and, in line with previous literature, multivariate linear regression was used [74, 94].	3
Compared with the deteriorated structure of Argentina's academic field up to the 2001 crisis, the expansion that followed did indeed achieve relevant results in terms of institutionalization and professionalization.	5
Using the negative binomial regression model, we commenced our analysis by exploring the relationship between interdisciplinarity and citations.	3
The countries with large emerging economies, such as Brazil and China stand out due to the dominance they exert in the collaborations established with the United States, the UK, and other European countries.	4
Therefore, it may not be appropriate to make a clear comment for the publica- tions on these recent years.	0
Here, we aim to explore how the multidisciplinary character of multidisciplinary journals has changed in the long term.	1
The subdataset used for our experiments is acquired from the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) datasets.	2
This paper used the China Academic Journal Network Publishing Database (CAJD) and National Publishing Industry Query Centre (in Chinese, www.gapp.gov.cn/zongshu/magazine.shtml) released by the SAPPRFT (in Chinese, www.sapprft.gov.cn/) as the fundamental data source to analyse the internationalization of CELAJs.	2
The impact of Author's self-citation in the Impact Factor of WoS was higher than the ISC.	5
Collaboration analysis indicated that intra-BARC collaborative publications have been highest for all the years, followed by national and international collaborative publications.	5
The Journal of Business Ethics emerges as the most notable journal in Fig.	4
Then, we used panel data techniques to further examine the relationship between economic complexity and scientific productivity by exploiting the structure of the data, evaluating the unobserved heterogeneity and the endogeneity present in the variables.	3
The present study shows that disease burden and health research priorities are particularly misaligned in India.	5
Inspired by these initiatives, the Villum Foundation, a large Danish philanthropic foundation that supports natural and technical science research, introduced in 2017 a new funding instrument, the Villum Experiment (Sinkjaer, 2018).	2
Catterall of the Sherardian Library of Plant Taxonomy, in the University of Oxford, for their help in the preparation of this paper.	0
Also this study considers the number of projects in each category, but this information is not considered as relevant as the amount of public funds obtained because the number of projects can be conditioned by the size of the research groups in each research centre.	0
Thus, based on the results of the numerical experiments conducted, GreedySummariser is the most efficient method for abstracting space text.	4
In 2010, 70 of the 1003 CAST journals were English, and 30 of the 70 English journals were OA (42.9 per cent).	4
Our findings reinforce and extend the analysis of the Matthew effect in the econometrics domain, showing that beyond the accumulation of advantages for established scholars, the proliferation of ideas and academic influence are intricately tied to social and thematic connectivity.	5
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
For completeness, a summary of the mathematical model which relates the quality of research to the group size is given in Section 2.	0
we can observe that this phylomemetic networks correctly describes our state-of-the-art in its temporal dimension:	4
A Chi squared test was conducted on these two variables.	3
In contrast to the aforementioned bibliometric studies, we adopt a difference-in-differences (DID) econometric method to estimate the effect of SSRF on the discipline-level production of scientific knowledge.	3
This increase in ERA-LAC publication in biodiversity and climate change was higher than that for other topics and with other regions of the world, even North America.	5
To identify collaboration trends with coauthors, this paper elaborates a theoretical framework by introducing a measure to quantify exploration of the author in joining teams of coauthors with respect to the extreme exploration possibilities.	1
Thus, this study contributes to the growing body of research that explains scientific OA publishing by employing an extended version of the theory of planned behavior (TPB) (Ajzen, 1991).	1
The selected period ranges from 1972 to 2013.	2
Pieper is an associate professor of economics at the University of Illinois at Chicago (e-mail: pjpieper@uic.edu), and Rachel A.	0
Ethical approval The citation databases used to prepare this article are available in the public domain via references 12 and 13.	0
The burst detection analysis performed employing CiteSpace soft- ware indicates that the recent contribution of JOM is mainly in strengthening a new per- spective in the field of well-being, motivation, abusive supervision, agency theory, and social network.	3
From the Department of Pediatrics, David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA, Los Angeles, CA; and the Department of Emergency Medicine, Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, Torrance, CA.	0
We argue that reverse flips present a unique perspective on OA and that further research would greatly benefit from enhanced data and tools for identifying such cases.	5
The books were accessed through 6176 different providers which are based in 166 countries.	2
This paper proposes a novel approach for entitymetrics, which utilizes citation sentences so that we can measure the impact of knowledge entities and analyze the knowledge structure with a different perspective, compared to conventional approaches where abstract or full-text is utilized.	5
To the best of our knowledge, this is the first bibliometric analysis on the investigation of cardiac troponin and physical activity in pediatric populations.	5
VOS viewer collects bibliographic data, providing graphical maps in terms of bibliographic coupling (Kessler, 1963), co-citations (Small, 1973), co-authorship and co-occurrence of author keywords.	3
The Scopus database was then queried for all included subjects to determine publication experience and scholarly impact, as measured by the h-index'.	2
MapReduce, a programming model for large corpus processing, also developed at Google, was used to create an 'inverted citation index'.	3
A machine learning bibliometric methodology was applied to examine the issues explored in the social sciences domain of Covid-19 researches.	3
The subsample includes 168 faculty members from eight research universities, six public and two private.	2
The findings of this study indicate the number of publications and citations will continue to increase each year unless there is a change in research evaluation systems.	5
The findings show the significance of democratic governance and complex systems in national scientific performance.	5
In our opinion, the research community needs to be aware of the trends and changes in academic authorship.	5
The numbers refer to unique working papers, i.e, no double counting	0
Participants were U.S.-based individuals recruited on the Amazon Mechanical Turk (MTurk) platform in exchange for $0.50.	2
Of the 53 journals, 68% are published by only 8 publishers.	4
Our study supports a view that research evaluation is an essentially contested concept (Ferretti et al.	5
Our results clearly confirm our premise that the authors of the articles citing CDM and/or CDM cited articles, which form CDM universe, constitute such colleges.	5
and P?+αR? are all much higher than before.	4
DCA measures the frequency of jointly cited documents (11).	3
Are the distributions of a fractal nature, with the same shape in upper tails?	1
Section "Results" continues with the description of the results drawn from different statistical approaches aimed at understanding the consistency of bibliometric measures and scientists' perspectives.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
While individual researchers did not anticipate their behaviour to change due to the introduction of impact assessments, there are anticipated changes across the discipline including a greater focus on engaging with stakeholders and research beneficiaries at early stages of research design and an emphasis on mixed methodologies to maximise the power and consequences of research results.	4
Three factors may lead to differences or similarities that could undermine the comparability and validity of such a measure: coverage and comparability of countries in the WoS differences in national research systems comparability of R&D statistics across countries	5
RQ1: What fields do boundary crossers who originate from physics mainly target?	1
From the time of the trackback feature's inception, blogs have been deemed 'in' or 'out' based on the author rather than the content (although, of course, these are linked).	4
We ended up with 1378 lature for our literature dataset.	2
The aim of this study was mapping activities for FAW science and investigating geographical differences in FAW research in Europe (EU28 + candidate countries and the European Economic Area) with regard to available resources (e.g.	1
While the agglomeration effects are not as emphasized when considering the overlap of any two programs (the highest overlap rate, 34.2%, being the share of recipients of SSF research leaders grants who also got an ERC starting grant), they are quite obvious when joining the figures together and introducing a time variable.	4
This descriptive bibliometric study examines the state and development of international research on gifted education using publication and citation data from four specialized journals in the field between 1957 and 2017.	1
If a journal contains grammatical mistakes and is not listed on Scopus, DOAJ, and/or Web of Science, authors should be cautious.	5
To estimate the parameters using regression analysis we use a linearized log-log form (eq (5)).	3
It consists in separate exploration of the lexical content and the citation content of the same corpus, using appropriate metrics and similar clustering method, so that the final outcomes can be compared and/or combined.	3
Highly cited productive countries tend to have high country SCR.	5
We implement the fixed effects model as follows:	3
After the influence score for all the journals in the sample set or a new upcoming journal is calculated, the process of classification starts where the intention is to classify the journal into one of the categories, which are National Journal and International Journal.	3
The new DIV indicators (cited and citing) load on one factor (component)—together with BC (and JIF2).	4
We also find that 1,051 of these Soviet mathematicians emigrated after the collapse of the Soviet Union.	2
With regard to differences across Nobel Prize disciplines, the calculations of the present study indicate that the time lag between reporting a scientific discovery worthy of a Nobel Prize and the conferment of the medal is longest in economics.	5
It is difficult to draw any meaningful conclusions from usage data alone (see table 4).	0
To understand the disparity in the FoR codes used in different years, we use Gini coefficient and Lorenz curve.	3
Policy documents, likely mostly reports, most heavily reference social science literature, which includes economics and accounts for 37% of references.	4
Model validation using large-scale citation data and funding records over the past 20 years show that the proposed model could yield funding distributions that are similar to those of the NSF and NIH, and the model could potentially be more fair and more equitable.	5
Junior faculty are assistant and associate professors, while senior faculty are professors, division chiefs, and department chairs.	0
The study aimed to evaluate the increasing trend in global ranking of Iranian medical universities websites emphasizing on comparative approach.	1
In order to learn more about the nature of scientific collaborations in this period, we interviewed 13 scientists based in the United States and 13 in Russia who cooperated in small-scale research projects in the years 1995–2014.	1
Keywords: Editorial boards · Geographic diversity · Management journals · Globalisation	0
This section starts with a review of the development of co-citation analysis, followed by recent studies that explored different methods to improve co-citation analysis with full-text articles.	0
There are, of course, no universally valid rules to decide how large a sufficiently large population is and what kind of criteria of representativeness should be fulfilled.	0
All the portions are higher than typical ‘sleeping beauties’ in Table 1, so that we should pay attention to the phenomena of ‘associated-sleeping-beauties’, which is a new method we propose to explore 'sleeping beauties'.	5
We conclude that publishers should be more transparent about their OA publishing options and policies by providing conspicuous and straightforward information to potential authors.	5
Non-funded research, funded research in journals unaffected by the mandate, and academic citations see no change.	4
Their rankings were achieved because references to their policy articles appear in so many journals across so many diverse fields that they cumulatively vault these policy journals into the top tiers.	5
We investigate methodological problems in measuring research productivity at the national level by comparing official R&D statistics from the OECD with publication data from the Web of Science.	1
For a few dollars more: a future for scholarly books in Australia?	0
The IIM-Ahmedabad, IIM-Bangalore, IIM-Calcutta and IIM-Lucknow have been selected for the study.	2
Overall, stylistic cues were observed about one fifth of the time (19.1%).	4
I used normalized citations because in multi-author papers it would not be fair to credit each author with all of the citations for the paper.	3
The slow pace at which contents are uploaded is due to the absence of motivation on the part of the major stakeholders of the project.	5
To capture the effect of the scientific merit of a given proposal on progress to the second stage, we included a variable that measures the rating given by academic experts to each project (MERIT) in both models.	3
Findings show that a majority of Selection Committee members consent to university policies and macro-discourses when evaluating early-career researchers, but a smaller group questions and resists these criteria.	4
This is a PDF file of an article that has undergone enhancements after acceptance, such as the addition of a cover page and metadata, and formatting for readability, but it is not yet the definitive version of record.	0
Interviewees' motivations for applying for Flexit can be seen as a mixture of two categories of considerations.	4
Here, we tested if paying to publish open access in a subscription-based journal benefited authors by conferring more citations relative to closed access articles.	1
For brevity, the members of the sets are described here as “papers,” although book reviews and other kinds of literature are included.	0
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
Index 4 is calculated as the number/frequency of the specific author (first, second, middle, and last authors) in the first place of a category divided by the number/frequency of the category in an article/in a data set.	3
Advanced academic rank and career longevity were associated with increased weighted RCR and total publication count.	4
For each approach and dataset, we obtained a series of clustering solutions using the Leiden algorithm (Traag et al., 2019).	3
their average age is 13 to 14) in an elite government school in Hong Kong in the academic years 2010–2011 and 2011-2012.	2
The thesis publication rate increased significantly over the years (P = 0.005**), with the number of theses published tripling.	4
Respondents view both cited papers and significant papers differently than papers that should be shared with chemists.	4
HistCite and NWB software is used to draw and analyze the networks.	3
This study examined changes in sharing and withholding practices among academic life scientists, particularly geneticists, between 2000 and 2013.	1
Therefore, it is not an exaggeration to say that GS is the most unreliable criterion for researchers to determine valid and invalid journals.	5
In both cases, average impact is below average, meaning that professors produce higher impact publications when not partnering with industry.	4
First, an additional classification was included into the accessibility framework, which was termed as 'dead-end' referencing.	3
The results showed that in every situation of networking research there were higher collaboration and impact rates.	4
The PubMed data set includes 167,196 publications from 7,134 journals.	4
We use newly available data on the basic knowledge production of leading research universities compiled by Adams and Clemmons (2008) together with university spending, income, and endowment data from the Higher Education General Information Survey (HEGIS) and Integrated Post-Secondary Education Data System (IPEDS) collected by the US Department of Education.	2
The criteria established by CAPES were not adequately followed.	5
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
Institutional collaboration was shown to be highly regionalized.	4
It appears to be higher in the countries were asbestos has been banned, and it remains particularly deep-rooted at a local level.	5
To quantitatively examine the different metrics, we use the research output of those that have been documented as having published in the five leading journals in the Accounting discipline (Accounting Review; Accounting, Organizations and Society; Journal of Accounting and Economics; Journal of Accounting Research; and Contemporary Accounting Research) over the period 1958–2008 (Heck 2009).	2
This project aimed to provide normative data from SciVal on the research outputs of Australian psychology academics.	1
6) are substantially narrower than those derived from the linear model (Fig.	4
Further analysis shows that once a journal regarded as predatory is listed in the local ranking system, the Qualis, it starts to receive more publications than non-predatory ones.	4
In summary, the evolution of AAG conference themes is highlighted by both an emphasis on global issues and growing focus on local issues.	5
To retrieve the dataset, a crawler was designed that makes Google Scholar crawl to retrieve the dataset for publication to be applied in mathematics.	2
The aim of this paper is therefore to provide foundational insights into accounting journal article co-authorship, including the diversity and commonality of its processes, and their conditioning contexts.	1
It may foster a more collaborative and diverse scholar community and help to generate better quality research and better answers to broader research questions.	5
RQ1 Can the information gain methodology be applied to compare subject categories in terms of impact similarity?	1
One simple consequence, for example, is that awareness of recent research trends is less important in the arts and humanities than elsewhere.	5
Additionally, the rate of conversion of surgeon scientist-mentored K awards to R01s from 2007 to 2012 was 46%.	4
We estimate negative binomial models (Hilbe, 2011), rather than standard poisson models, because these make more flexible assumptions regarding the variance of the dependent variable.	3
Our findings indicate that the ERB approach represents a viable evaluation method for the Postdoc.Mobility selection process that could save cost and time which could be invested in science and research.	5
Original articles with descriptive titles longer than 15 words or with more than six authors are cited more (P = 0.005 and P < 0.001, respectively).	4
Risk was observed to be a strong predictor of overall and criteria scores, with which it interacted significantly.	4
Below I present a number of vignettes, in the form of numbered cases that evoke recurring patterns in the discussion.	3
1 The h-index is defined as the maximum value of h such that the given author/journal has published at least h papers that have each been cited at least h times.	0
Many EU member countries have high share of internationally co-authored papers.	0
The best approach to a comprehensive study of scientific migration is the combination of databases, especially publications and CV databases.	5
A recent publication proposes a model for predicting an individual's future h-index based on linear regression of five other metrics1?.	3
Bibliometric data for Slovenian researchers registered at the Slovenian Research Agency were used.	2
Instead, different (partial) indicators should be calculated side by side to provide a more complete picture.	5
The workshop began with an overview of the bibliometric tools commonly used in scholarly communication, an introduction to altmetrics as a complementary tool to traditional impact measures, and a discussion on ways altmetrics can function within and beyond the university landscape.	3
The median article processing charge was 634.5 US dollars (interquartile range, 275-1005 US dollars).	4
This study combines web-survey interviews and bibliometric data on the respondents' publication output over a three-year period.	2
Over 660 Chinese researchers were questioned about their scholarly use, citing, and publishing and how trust is exercised in these key activities.	1
One of the most popular topic modeling methods is known as Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA), a generative probabilistic approach that views each document as a mixture of various topics [17].	3
Publication MWG Ref- Journal Publication # of citations from Ratio of early Included?	0
In this article, a bibliometric analysis of the authors, journals, research institutions, countries and keywords found in 27,750 documents from the Web of Science written by Latin American authors or co-authors in Physics between the years 2013 and 2022, is carried out.	1
Both WoS and BKCI do not have sufficient coverage for the evaluations in political science in Germany.	5
Insights provided by such analyses are useful both to advance research activities to an enhanced level and to reinforce international collaboration.	5
Table 1 contains the list of the 40 universities included in this study.	0
Lognormal-type and sleeping-beauty citation curves link with high-impact and high-quality publications, respectively.	5
JOURNAL OF LIBRARIANSHIP AND INFORMATION SCIENCE, 38 (4) DECEMBER 2006 221	0
The journal impact factor percentile transforms the journals' rank in certain category into a percentile value (JIFPERCENTILE), enabling us with possibility for a more meaningful cross-category com- parison.	3
Thus, early firm engagement moderates the mechanism between research funding and the quality of public knowledge, exacerbating its inverted U-shaped relationship.	5
Throughout a long scientific career of 54 years, Paul Hagenmüller published 796 papers.	4
Data show that non-English language journals have only a small chance of being cited internationally.	5
The second measure indicates the proportion of publications produced by a given aggregate that belong to the top 10% most frequently cited worldwide.	3
This paper investigates the impact of funding on scientific production of the researchers affiliated with the top Ten Canadian Universities.	1
This is a positive trend, in that visualization helps one see patterns that cannot be readily absorbed in any other way [6].	0
In this study, we retrieved and combined dataset of the DRM peer-reviewed primary articles hosted in the Scopus database and the Web of Science (WoS) core collections from 1983 to 2018 inclusively.	2
Rosen (1985) defined an anticipatory system as a system that entertains a model of itself.	3
The structure of this paper was remodeled on two previous publications [4,5].	0
The Iranian HRNs were considered as evaluation units.	2
After obtaining the text embedding, this study employs the LOF algorithm to calculate the novelty of a paper.	3
That is, for each cohort, the figure compares the proportion of those who have a Google Scholar profile among those in the top 25 of the cohort in terms of number of citations with those in the bottom 25 of the cohort regarding citations.	3
So it is with the electronic journal and other electronic publications.	0
The final dataset includes 79,321 scholars and 105,123 publications.	2
A knowledge map is a discipline-specific visual representation of knowledge [19].	3
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:609314 []	0
Our original dataset includes 2,713 articles published in the American Economic Review (AER), the Quarterly Journal of Economics (QJE), Econometrica, the Journal of Political Economy (JPE), and the Review of Economic Studies (REStud) during the years 2006–2015.	2
Special thanks to an anonymous reviewer and to Professor Wolfgang Gl?nzel for their excellent suggestions.	0
In conclusion, the MAATrica tool further extends and refines the evaluation of scientific documentation an era of information overload and increasing heterogeneity of scientific reports and their quality.	5
The author most highlighted by the cocitation analysis was Anselin, L.	4
This correlation is particularly strong for the longer period usage metric (U2).	4
The author(s) disclosed receipt of the following financial support for the research, authorship and/or publication of this article: This research was supported by the "National Natural Science Foundation of China” (71673038, 71974029).	0
This research proposes two scientometric laws that connect a nation's output of scientific papers to its R&D funding.	1
According to the results of Model 2.2 and Model 2.3, adopting the tenure track had significant negative effects on the number of articles published in the top 10% and 5% of journals (Coef.2.2 = -.071, p < .1; Coef.2.3 = ?.112, p < .05).	4
When analyzing the data, the methodology employed in the following studies (Andreis and Joki? 2008; Laffan 2009; Bański 2012) was used, where the journals registered in the databases SSCI and SCIE were divided into two categories: (a) Social Sciences – Public Health and Psychology (SSM) and (b) Social Sciences others (SSO).	3
The position of a university in a list is simply a number used to identify it.	0
The Web of Science (WoS) database was used to achieve the objective of this study.	2
Among these, there are 33 records of retracted editorials as on 28th September 2021 and 25 editorials have been taken for further analysis after the screening process (see Fig.	2
Our study shows that a very different landscape would have emerged in the UK if REF 2014 had been entirely and simplistically based on the automated departmental h-index.	5
The first such package was offered by Academic Press (now part of Elsevier) in 1996.3	0
Data were obtained from the Web of Science database on October 20, 2016.	2
Twenty-three most frequently cited journals were identified, with Applied Linguistics and Linguistic Inquiry ranking first and second, respectively.	4
Kuwait had the highest number of publications/country, standardized/100,000 inhabitants.	4
The number of tweets containing links to these documents was analyzed and compared to citations to evaluate the degree to which certain journals, disciplines, and specialties were represented on Twitter and how far tweets correlate with citation impact.	3
The number of publications found in the databases is presented in Table 2, and their distribution over years is shown in Fig.	4
Descriptive statistics and frequencies were produced for quantitative variables and for categorical and scaled variables.	3
Separate univariate regression analyses were used to correlate h-index values of editorial board members with the IF of their journal.	3
From the perspective of the overall network indicators, the network scale and the number of edges of the IRC network of the three phases are gradually increasing, which proves that more and more institutions such as business schools, research institutions, and enterprises have joined the IRC network and the number of cooperation between them is also increasing.	5
When the citing articles ScholarCheck omitted truly referenced the cited source being checked, and both were available in HeinOnline, we considered these to be lost citations.	3
Nine major fields are distinguished at the top level.	4
When different distributions including the power-law were plausible for a dataset, the power-law was compared to alternative hypotheses via a likelihood ratio test.	3
Additionally, we seek to identify factors contributing to citation number, Mendeley reads, and Scopus views of these articles.	1
We measure research productivity by the number of publications aggregated at the country level.	3
We examined 983,246 articles and reviews published between 1980 and 2021 in 127 journals categorized under 'Multidisciplinary Sciences'.	2
Among them, Spain was the most productive country, publishing 44% (N = 1,178) of total publications followed by Italy (18%, N = 482) and France (12%, N = 336).	4
This article examines the gender dimension of scientific publication in international relations (IR) based on submission data for Journal of Peace Research for the period 1983–2008.	1
Despite the technical challenges and the political tensions among the authors, it was found that crowd-authoring could be put into practice.	4
To address this, we surveyed Danish scientists about their ideal research grant.	1
To clarify whether the concept of the PLE has received the highest attention among all concepts in HBPLE, I examined which concept in HBPLE was most frequently cited by authors of LIS articles that were published between 1949 and 2013.	1
developed by a community of researchers building on existing and established methods and instruments	0
Notably, doctoral students and other student categories (encompassing bachelor and master students) together account for approximately 66% of the total readership, thereby establishing students as the primary user group of scholarly papers on Mendeley.	4
In this study, we intended to answer the following seven research questions:	1
Citation analysis is one useful but circumscribed approach to measure impact in bioethics scholarship from an ethics education program.	5
Data from scientific production were collected from Web of Science database and patent search was performed at different databases USPTO, WIPO, EPO and INPI.	2
B. is on the editorial board of the British Journal of Psychiatry and Psychological Medicine.	0
On the basis of theories of organizational influence, Salancik (1986) proposed a citation-based importance index to measure journals' structural influence in a citation network.	3
Specific software tools were used for the in-advance seat reservation and simultaneous online and in-person class attendance, and examination tools and strategies, with a special emphasis on avoiding online cheating.	3
As more of each institution’s collections budget is funneled into Big Deal licenses that are negotiated by consortia, it becomes the responsibility of each institution and each consortium to understand how every Big Deal is working for individual institutions and for the group.	5
The model shows that because of homophily, when power is low, the false paradigm may prevail.	4
Which methods obtain categories with papers that are most homogeneous in terms of citation habits?	1
Around 60% of SAGE Open and 32% of PeerJ authors self-funded their publication fees however the fees are modest for these journals.	4
The tension between wanting and having to publish reveals a shift from publishing as a consequence of getting interesting research results, to doing research in order to publish.	4
It is constructed of 40 DNA milestone papers published in the period from 1820 to 1962.	2
The subsections of the interview transcripts pertaining to credit were classified into the following main categories: (1) authorship attribution when sharing data, (2) authorship guidelines and data sharing, (3) authorship and the academic evaluation system, and (4) alternative crediting and recognition mechanisms.	4
All statistical analyses were carried out using SAS v.	3
The general consensus is that the central challenge for developing OAIRs lies not in the technical implementation, but in changing researchers' mindsets so that they make self-archiving an integral part of their academic lives.	5
For low initial values of knowledge k(0) we start with s(t) = 1 (i.e.	4
The overall authorship for 49 radiology journals across 68 years has increased with time.	5
Our focus is on three popular types of bibliometric networks, namely co-authorship, bibliographic coupling, and co-citation networks, but our ideas extend to other types of bibliometric networks as well.	3
By summing the manually calculated Scopus h-indices of all individuals within a department, the top 5 programs for publication productivity are University of California, San Francisco; Barrow Neurological Institute; Johns Hopkins University; University of Pittsburgh; and University of California, Los Angeles.	4
Abbreviations: CPP, citations per paper; H, Hirsch H index; Hm, Schreiber Hm index; NC, total citations; NP, number of papers; NS, total citations to papers for which the scientist is single author; NSF, total citations to papers for which the scientist is single or first author; NSFL, total citations to papers for which the scientist is single, first, or last author	0
The purpose of this study is to test a new researcher mobility model which was developed and prototyped as a customisable research tool to provide a unified perspective on mobility at macro (national), meso (institutional) and micro (individual) levels.	1
To identify trends across research disciplines, we stratified respondents using disciplinary domains established by the three Canadian federal research funding agencies: the Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR), the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council (NSERC), and the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council (SSHRC).	2
Within two years after the rotator's return, fresh assistant professors in her department increase their research resources materially and are more likely to win small and medium size grants compared to academics in three control groups.	4
On the other hand, there has been a clear trend across all the exercises (except 1996) for institutions that submit proportionally more articles to have a lower GPA.	4
Also, among our results is the fact that journal articles and conference papers have been cited 12.6 and 3.6 times on average, confirming the expectation that journal articles have more impact, in general, than conference papers.	4
Received: 4 April 2014/Accepted: 4 December 2014/Published online: 12 December 2014	0
Judit Bar-Ilan's high-cited paper on “which h-index”, this article expands the discussion on “which h-index” in research evaluation, but within one widely utilized bibliographic database, WoS.	5
As an alternative indicator of scholarly production the authors propose the median number of pages of a publication type.	3
The National Information Standards Organization (NISO) launched a project in 2013 to explore, identify, and advance standards and best practices for alternative metrics.	1
The country has no institution which can be counted globally in seven areas: arts and humanities; business, management and accounting; health professions; neuroscience; nursing; psychology, and social sciences.	4
Our results suggest that the recombination of dissemination opportunities, skills, and resources from research centers located farther away, increases a paper's citation impact.	5
To investigate the effect of competitive incentives under peer review, we designed a novel experimental setup called the Art Exhibition Game.	1
More analysis of the evolution process of interdisciplinary topics at the micro level is still needed.	1
The study analyses the descriptive, conceptual, intellectual, and social structure of the Journal with the bibliometric analysis using the R package.	1
The finally selected natural science disciplines are Engineering, Environmental; Geology; Materials Science, Biomaterials; Ophthalmology; and Virology; disciplines of social science are Information Science & Library Science; Ethics; and History of Social Sciences.	2
Our aim was to investigate the consistency and transparency of the process for retracting Covid-19 research articles, based on a representative sample of publication sources, to help determine whether any specific changes in the retraction process are necessary.	1
In this research, the effect of IJR to the performance will be investigated in terms of research budget, capacity and number of researchers and international collaboration, and then strategy for vitalisation of IJR to improve research performance will be suggested.	1
Translational articles represented a much more significant portion of total articles published in low/middle-income countries than high-income articles (28% vs 16%, p<0.00001).	4
In this study, the research output and publication performance of institutes that train residents in neurology and neurosurgery in India were evaluated.	1
The Core Collection search considers the period from 2001 to 2020.	2
Ultimately, while major errors are relatively infrequent, the field of Otolaryngology may benefit from better standardizing error communication to facilitate identification of published errors.	5
The data set used for this purpose encompasses 50 top economics and finance journals (from Haley, 2014).	2
MDPI, as a born-OA publisher, has become a global leader in OA journal article publishing in recent years.	4
Only journal articles published in the English language are used.	2
1 Hubrecht Institute for Developmental Biology and Stem Cell Research, Utrecht, The Netherlands.	0
In order to generate the sample for this project, the titles and citation information were extracted for all articles published from 1970 to 2010 in 22 journals sponsored by ICA, NCA, and four regional communication associations in the United States (i.e., Central States Communication Association, Eastern Communication Association, Southern Communication Association, Western Communication Association).	2
We do not claim that the list of problems we have raised is complete, but we do claim that these methodological gaps require attention.	5
There were 18 OB-PBs (42%) with a total of 75 duplicate citations, of which 40 (53%) were from PubMed, 33 (44%) were from Ovid MEDLINE, and 2 (3%) were from WoS.	4
Overall, the interviews showed that many editors have not thought systematically about the practice of TR, and they sometimes have trouble aligning their beliefs and practices.	4
The first author was French in 89/100 cases.	4
The practical recommendations for scholars, therefore, are to focus on articulating their manuscripts, including titles, clearly and precisely via the use of colons while avoiding using confusing catchphrases and mentioning specific geographic locations in their titles.	5
There were 89 of these articles published in just 5 journals: Pediatrics (40), Journal of Pediatrics (22), American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry (10), Archives of Disease in Childhood (9), and JAMA Pediatrics (8).	4
What are the dynamics and trends of CHB research literature production according to number of articles, and their descriptive attributes and citations?	1
It found that compared to other fields and disciplines, systems papers are very well cited: the top-cited papers rank the field among the highest scientific disciplines in citation counts, and only a few papers remain uncited after five years.	5
2014), with 463,348 papers, 248,512 researchers and 4,709,502 citations.	2
Over and above the suggestion of using a numerical system for the in-text citations, we therefore recommend listing the aforementioned elements of a paper in the following order: (a) the title of the published work, (b) the year of publication, (c) the name of each author in alphabetical order of their family names, and (d) the work's source.	3
Knowledge and actions are needed to protect our medical research capacity.	5
A few pertinent thought pieces on the state of the monograph in academia are worth mentioning here.	0
Only 12.2% of publications reported a funding source, and only 12.2% of studies were controlled.	4
The data were evaluated in response to four research questions on the following topics: publication trends, prolific authors, core journals and times cited.	3
Theories and methods of co-occurrence (Small and Griffith, 1974) can powerfully and effectively reveal and interpret the research structure (Coulter et al., 1998), pattern (Ding et al., 2001) and even evolution (Leydesdorff and Welbers, 2011; Ronda-Pupo and Guerras-Martin, 2012) underlying research fields or disciplines.	3
Since primordial times, human mobility has helped create and develop civilizations, by opening societies to cultural, economic, and social changes through exchanging and integrating ideas (Castles and Miller 2009).	0
Analysis of heterophily indicates that collaboration among internal and external organizations is enhanced by the facilities, while articles written by a mix of co-authors affiliated with internal and external organizations are likely to be more cited.	5
We developed a systematic methodology for identifying the under-cited (or not-so-highly cited) Sleeping Beauty (SB) publications and tried to figure out their key characteristics.	1
As described above, our goal here was to classify NSF grant abstracts automatically into standard classifications for scientific disciplines and socioeconomic objectives.	1
To assist new scientists in the transition to independent research careers, the National Institutes of Health (NIH) implemented an Early Stage Investigator (ESI) policy beginning with applications submitted in 2009.	1
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
The gender of the authors was determined using Gender API, a subscription-based platform which determines the gender of a given name using the first name and the country of the author.	2
1 show that the development and implementation of specific DSS are influenced by the specific DSS application development, DSS theory, and contributing disciplines.	0
2, publication output for those 25 librarians from 2015 to 2019 averaged seven articles, book/ encyclopedia sections, or books per year, except for 2017 when several librarians were preparing to apply for promotion and the publication count doubled.	4
Top SBs are clearly different from the other two categories and are characterized by a typically very high fraction of citations from other disciplines: for about 80% of the top SBs, as much as 75% or more of citations are of interdisciplinary nature.	4
Acknowledgements We would like to express our thanks to Professor Cassidy R.	0
We conclude that the correlation between Twitter-based sentiments and citations is an encouraging relationship between these indices and may be used as a complementary indicator to predict the early impact of literature; however, further investigation is desirable.	5
The purpose of this work is to make a contribution to this knowledge by studying the time evolution of the number of references per paper over a four decade period in engineering journals.	1
The number of theses and publications has increased, which shows that, in the country, sports sciences have gained momentum during the period examined in the study.	5
A majority of the redundant articles (n = 23, 71.9%) failed to clearly cross-reference the prior publication(s).	4
In May 2016, we manually generated a list of academic institutions of China sorted by AC from all subjects in the NI website during the period of 1 April 2015 to 31 March 2016.	2
The conferences were classified according to the Physics and Astronomy Classification Scheme (PACS) as developed by the American Institute of Physics (AIP) and used by the journal Physical Review since 1975.	2
The most “important" group (cluster) is characterized by the topics pertaining to the materials science, physics and chemistry which are all related to shared chemico-physical properties of nanoparticles (nanomaterials).	5
Following other research on large author collaboration networks (Newman 2001b, 2004; Zhang et al.	3
We inductively coded instances that could relate to the above three areas and iteratively grouped similar motivations and values together to distil commonalities and divergences.	3
The codes were written using Python to get publications' timeline data automatically from journal websites (Ta?k?n, 2021a, 2021b).	3
For each submission, we looked at reviewer scores and estimated the reputation of submission authors by means of their network degree.	3
Next, the index adds the impact factor of the journals, exemplified in Eq.	3
When considering authorship, the top three authors were Vounatsou P (22 articles), Utzinger J (19 articles), and Vignolles C (13 articles).	4
The top five level 2 categories of diseases, for the most part, were relatively similar for both countries, except for the chronic respiratory disease common to China and the neurological disorders suffered in the UK.	4
Using citations of a series of classic algorithms and the time series of co-authorship as the footprints of their diffusion trajectories, we propose a novel method to analyze the intertwining relationships between broadcasting and virality in the innovation diffusion process.	3
This study proposed a new indicator, called the NSAP indicator, to assess scholar academic ability.	5
Mentors were more likely than advisors or supervisors to report working with all of their PhDs, who graduated in the last 5 years, on the 17 recognized critical components of RCR training and research skill development.	4
An EC was defined as a reference to a source document or resource published electronically on the Internet.	3
However, the variability involved with four varying means of qualitative analysis is thought to be a strength of this study and bring validity and reliability to resulting themes.	0
Rank transformation was performed by taking the complete set of n data points from a given RPYS analysis and sorting them by magnitude.	0
If the result is not normally distributed, we use the Mann-Whitney nonparametric U test to justify differences (Nachar, 2008).	3
We show that fields consistently follow a rise and fall pattern captured by a two parameters right-tailed Gumbel temporal distribution.	4
In Iran, the science and technology health plan has outlined the health researches road to the na- tional vision Republic of Iran by 2025.	5
Biologists are well aware that titles and key words are used for indexing.	0
As with the RCA analysis of publications, the RCA analysis of citations also reveals declining performance from 1996–2000 to 2012–2016.	4
We hypothesized that the use of such designations would not be uniform and that less than 25% of articles published by each journal would employ such ECA designations.	1
In particular, this article is useful for scientific and industrial actors as well as (science) policy-makers that wish to identify and monitor: 1) the interdisciplinary technological knowledge areas that are most relevant for the development of emerging technologies, and 2) the most central and key bridging technological knowledge areas within a technology network.	5
With no consistent correlations detected in both cohorts and low coefficients of determination, we cannot justify the outright replacement of traditional bibliometrics with Altmetric scores at this time.	5
In addition, Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) as efficiency measurement tool was also utilised for overall ranking of laboratories, based on publications as the only input.	3
A threefold categorization of papers was created: EMBO funding acknowledged, HFSPO funding acknowledged, funding acknowledged by both EMBO and HFSP.	3
Results show that the gender gap in productivity during doctoral studies, and the early career, can be explained by the degree to which the doctoral students co-author publications with their main supervisors and the size of their collaborative networks.	4
The publication and citation data were sourced from SciVal in September 2016.	2
In Pattern 4, with a weakening trend of the EKB, LKB and ERT, the ERT is less probable to soon become a breakthrough innovation.	4
The error bar represents a 95% confidence interval for the mean value per gender.	0
3 Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development currently has 36-member countries, from North and South America to Europe and Asia-Pacific, including 27 from the Europe (https://www.oecd.	0
Nevertheless, it is not known how Mendeley readership counts accumulate within the year of publication, and so it is unclear how soon they can be used.	1
We therefore formulate four ideal types4 of book evaluation systems (in parentheses the countries that best represent the ideal type, i.e.	4
The search phrase used to search titles, abstracts and keywords for this study was “food web*”.	2
The answers to these two questions are related, and in what follows some tentative explanations are offered.	0
This article explores the effect of democratic governance on scientific performance using panel data on 124 countries between 2007-2017.	1
Applying fief feudalism to universities located in the elite segment, we conclude that the researchers at these departments still maintain a very high degree of perceived and practical autonomy, while they are less accountable to external sponsors than scholars at non-elite departments.	5
3 Variability of the publication points per scholar at department level (Department of Aesthetics, OsloMet) extracted from the Norwegian database of statistics for higher education (DBH)	2
More term annotations of each cluster are available in the supplementary materials.	0
The remainder of the paper proceeds as follows: next section presents the data and methodology; the empirical results and interpretations are followed next; Section “Conclusions” presents the findings of the research; and the limitations and some future research directions are discussed in “Limitations and Future Work” section.	0
This study additionally complemented Bj?rk's results that the majority of the barriers to gold open access are lower today than ten years ago.	5
The exclusion criteria for journal selection were as follows: published content related exclusively to "pain" or "critical care", journals publishing only review articles and case reports, and journals with unavailability of data regarding the date of submission, acceptance, and online publication/print publication.	2
This study examined the state of open access institutional repositories in Nigeria.	1
Finally, our analysis shows the actual diversity among institutionalization processes and does not propose a single desirable model for interdisciplinarity institutionalization.	5
The greater j is, the more contribution the analyzed unit makes.	0
Which journals published the most papers in Industry 4.0 from Vietnamese affiliations?	1
In a co-occurrence analysis, the top five MeSH terms were identified as biosensing techniques, humans, surface plasmon resonance, animals, and equipment design.	5
Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS), version 20 (Armonk, NY, United States) was used for analysis.	3
2010), was used as a measure of author prominence.	3
In this study, the decision was made to download the complete summary files (compressed) for all available years using the capability of a virtual machine.	3
Our empirical discovery of an invariant ratio between novel technological combinations and the reuse of existing technologies in the patent record suggests the possibility that invention has been nearly optimal.	5
Our findings suggest that citation errors are a continuing issue in library science journals.	5
(2) Use an independent peer-review platform and invite experts to evaluate and comment on your work.	3
If our data provide a full account, just a few interacting variables explain author exclusion: (1) geographic separation and, especially, relocation, (2) differential in power and experience, (3) disagreements about the role of technical contributions, and (4) gender dynamics (which generally interact with power differentials).	4
We will adopt a bibliometric approach, based on the analysis of Italian scientific publications indexed in Web of Science (WoS) in the period 2010-2017.	2
5a: the percentage of females with a single associated affiliation country is 75.29%, while for males it is 68.45% (see Fig.	4
Our final data set consists of 55 Economics faculties, over the 60 currently belonging to the Italian university system.	2
Alberto Martín-Martín is funded for a four-year doctoral fellowship (FPU2013/05863) granted by the Ministerio de Educación, Cultura, y Deportes (Spain).	0
2) that we equate with a fictitious journal, we can calculate their respective IF scores and, more importantly, their JCR category quartile positions.	4
This verdict would be strengthened further if coverage for books and non-traditional research outputs could be improved and the remaining data quality issues regarding year allocation and main/subtitle split could be resolved.	5
a Associate Professor in Innovation Management, College of Business, Oregon State University, 416 Austin Hall, Corvallis, OR 97331, United States	0
For each questionnaire, survey respondents were asked to evaluate quantitatively the relative reputations of their familiar awards as compared with the Nobel Prizes.	3
We have conducted a retrospective review of JOBEE using bibliometric analysis, using a range of methodologies to this end, including performance analysis, co-authorship analysis, and regression analysis.	5
Filtering out nonessential citations before assigning weight is important for frequency-weighted citation analysis.	4
Non-HSCT and pre-clinical (in-vitro and animal) studies were excluded.	2
Sixteen years after, interest in open access publication has increased significantly among all scientific communication stakeholders, including researchers, institutions, funding bodies and publishers.	0
This paper explores three case studies showing how and why libraries came into this role and examines some of the consequences of this trend.	1
Radio is a mass media of great relevance in Ibero-America, although it has not been equally studied by the academia.	5
2 The most productive JCR Non-DOSM categories in the three periods studied with their indicators of output and impact (see bibliometric indicators in Table 1)	0
Our bibliographic database contains the following: 1,108 papers: These papers are the publications of the researchers of the RIADI laboratory and some of the publications are of the members of the CRISTAL laboratory.	2
News and World Report (USN&WR 2010) survey of doctoral programs in criminology and criminal justice.	3
Table 1: Comparison of features in Web of Science, Scopus, and Google Scholar	0
By means of network-analysis methods, we investigate the collaborations between 1990 and 2014, while the nodes of this network represent social work scholars (N= 19,789) connected by edges representing common publications (N=314,180).	1
If citation analysis were simply a numerical mirror of peer review judgements, nothing much new would be happening.	0
Setbacks are an integral part of a scientific career, yet little is known about their long-term effects.	1
Concerning gender inequality in science, the main challenge seems to be the lower productivity level of female researchers, which obviously hinders their academic career development.	5
Papers with a young first author and a more experienced last author are more likely to try out newer ideas than papers published by other team configurations.	4
We also find journals within disciplines tend to specialize in which technique they most frequently employ.	4
patent applications since 2005 which are public as of March 19, 2015.	2
“Beauty coefficient "and awakening year were measured according to Ke et al.	3
The cosine similarities shown in Table 4 provide evidence that the on-target and spillover publications are appreciatively different from each other, and that the difference is greater for some diseases than for others.	4
To provide a dynamic perspective on the evolution of Mendeley readership, this study conducts an 8-year longitudinal analysis of approximately 3.4 million scholarly papers published in 2015.	1
Does better writing help our papers make it past these gatekeepers?	1
Based on the collected bibliometric data, a score ranging from 0 to 100 is assigned to each university for each ranking indicator.	3
The disambiguation method used in EDHIPHY relies on four different strategies that proceed in a logical progression from micro (the individual article) to macro (the entire corpus).	3
The study of the evolution of social work research themes led to the discovery of the research conducted on the social work field being focused on 10 main thematic areas: children, social services, health care, violence, women, HIV/AIDS, LGBT, social workers, education, and grief.	5
Two research questions are addressed from cross-sectional and longitudinal perspectives: (1) How is the global higher education research community stratified in terms of the intensity of engagement in publishing in elite journals?	1
Interestingly, we also find that in some fields, citation ageing of high impact articles resembles in shape the patterns of median articles while in others it does not.	5
The most cited paper was written by Sweeney and has 1743 citations, receiving more than 100 citations per year; it proposed a k-anonymity model to protect the privacy of data and information.	4
We estimate a pooled Tobit model of annual research productivity where we treat the dependent variable as a latent variable.	3
Well-known from the text processing literature is that for every term x and every document ds one can determine characteristics, e.g., the term frequency tfx,ds of term x based on document ds, a normalization tfx,ds of tfx,ds, a general term frequency tfx, an inverse document frequency idfx (in mathematical notation: tfx,ds = =18{ws=x}, tfx,ds = tfx,ds/max{tfx,ds}, tfx = = tfx,ds/2= Rs, idfx = log(|R|/|{ds|?b : wsb = x}|) with d as Kronecker delta), and remove certain terms (e.g., less frequent and less important ones) to reduce L to a smaller dictio- nary L'CL.	3
The method defines the collaboration score based on the number of people involved in collaboration, and then the collaboration strength is obtained by summing up the collaboration scores with this method.	3
Published articles were classified into one of the following thirteen categories: (i) Basic Sciences (ii) trauma (upper limb and lower limb) (iii) infections (iv) pediatric orthopedics (v) arthroplasty (vi) arthroscopy (vii) spine surgery (viii) musculoskeletal oncology (ix) hand and microvascular surgery (x) adult reconstruction (including the Ilizarov technique) (xi) general orthopedics and miscellaneous (xii) letter to editor (xiii) book review.	3
Therefore, we wished to apply bibliometric analyses to the field of digoxin toxicity with the aim of identifying trends in research activity and particular research themes using well-established bibliometric indicators (Sweileh et al.	1
This paper explores the relationship between the team institutional composition and the novelty of academic papers and reveals the importance of cooperation between industry and academia through fine-grained novelty measurement, which provides key guidance for improving the quality of papers and promoting industry-university-research cooperation.	5
To achieve the above-stated objectives, database of OpenDOAR was selected as the source directory for tracing the growth of e-theses repositories in Asian countries from different aspects.	2
Building on these findings, we recommend pathways for future LAS research, including more cross-disciplinary scholarship, a closer engagement with the related stream of proactive law, a deeper inquiry into ethics, more systematic theory building and empirical work, and a global perspective that tests the boundaries of LAS beyond fully developed markets.	1
The average similarity was taken as an indicator of the originality of the knowledge links in the paper.	3
visible universities and visible authors in LIS research in Nigeria;	1
The study consisted of 12 focus groups of biomedical scientists working in 4 university medical centres in The Netherlands.	2
Our results show that scholarly book publishers have a considerable presence on Twitter, and whilst University presses and Commercial publishers are almost equal in terms of holding a Twitter account, commercial publishers are more likely to create multiple accounts relevant to specific fields/subjects.	5
More precisely, we use co-authorship between academic departments and hospitals to identify potential instances of translational research (while acknowledging that not all instances of academia-hospital collaboration necessarily represent a translational research effort).	3
The librarians in the current study are willing to lead the change, guide researchers, and support the transition to the OA publishing model.	5
We collected all publications citing the DSM from a structured query language (SQL) version of the WoS database.	2
To identify differences among groups, we applied a non-parametric analysis of variance (ANOVA) test (Kruskal-Wallis) as the compared values followed a non-normal distribution (p<.001 in every case in the Shapiro-Wilks Test).	3
(2004) 'The determinants of research output in academic biomedical laboratories', Int.	0
The resulting PoP CAY 2003–2103 top-40 is substantially different from the publica- tions-based ranking.	4
In light of these data, it can be concluded that ankle arthroscopy is a topic that is of interest globally and needs to be studied.	5
The field of general surgery was defined as including the fields of visceral surgery (including surgery of the oesophagus, stomach, small intestine, colon, rectum, surgery of the appendix and hepatopancreatobiliary surgery), adrenal surgery, hernia surgery, obesity surgery, parathyroid/thyroid surgery and transplantation surgery (intestinal, kidney, liver and pancreas).	2
The COVID-19 vaccine citation network exhibited the most extensive connections in terms of degree centrality, 2-local eigenvector centrality, and eigenvector centrality among the 3 key terms.	4
Second, merging and growing events lead to the creation of completely new knowledge.	5
The main advantage of this method over co- or cross-citation based methods is that clustering can be made as soon as the underlying documents are indexed in the database or a new database volume is available.	5
The resulting clusters show that a dominant pattern in these clusters is the preeminent role played by authors like Foucault, Bourdieu, and Connell.	4
The QAP between these two matrices is 0.905 (p < .001; n = 201), but this Pearson correlation-based measure is inflated because of the large numbers of zeros in the matrices (Ahlgren, Jarneving, & Rousseau, 2003; cf.	4
Furthermore, similar mRCRs indicate that female surgeons are cited equally as often as males and have an equivalent scholarly impact in the field.	5
The aim of this study was to assess whether specific title characteristics could influence the likelihood of being included in the “Altmetric Top 100”.	1
Our sample consists of some 400 researchers that have submitted proposals to an early career grant program of a social science council in the Netherlands between 2003 and 2005.	2
This article may be accessed for personal use at no charge through the Journal Web site, www.anesthesiology.org.	0
1Hospital Administration, Rockefeller University, New York, New York, USA; 2Department of Information Technology, Rockefeller University, New York, New York, USA; 3Laboratory of Blood and Vascular Biology, Rockefeller University, New York, New York, USA.	0
For the journal Ecology, changes in the number of authors over time (1956–2016) were analyzed using a glm with Poisson error.	3
Thus, our gross sample for the bibliometric analysis comprises 758 StG applicants (Table 1).	2
Some of the bibliometric data used in this article are from an in-house database developed and maintained by the Max Planck Digital Library (MPDL, Munich) and derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) and Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) provided by Clarivate Analytics (Philadelphia, PA, USA).	0
We performed citation content analysis to analyze all in-text citations of each cited paper across different locations of each citing paper to account for citation density and polarity uncertainty.	3
This study focuses on one aspect of the macroeconomic efficiency of research systems: whether research institutions specialize in scientific domains where they have a competitive advantage.	1
Third, our empirical analysis shows that negative collaboration experiences are an important dimension of scientific collaboration that disproportionately impact younger scholars across all disciplines.	5
We constructed four grant performance indicators based on the number of publications attributed to the grant: (1) number of publications, (2) journal impact factor weighted publication count, which is essentially the sum of the journal impact factors of the journals in which the papers are published, (3) total cites, the total number of forward citations the publications of a grant have attracted, and (4) the maximum impact factor of the journals.	3
We developed a new index (ASCR) to detect changes in the candidate's habits based on the difference between the Self Citation Rate (SCR) in the year preceding NSQ and that of the previous 10 years.	3
This time we consider average astronomers who have completed their careers (25 American Astronomical Society members who died recently) and found that they peak in their mid 40s and did half of their life's important output after age 50.	1
Citation: González Alcaide G and Gorraiz JI (2018) Assessment of Researchers Through Bibliometric Indicators: The Area of Information and Library Science in Spain as a Case Study (2001-2015).	0
Altogether, using the co-occurrence and burst of keywords, we may predict the hotspots and emerging trends of COVID-19 vaccine research in four areas, as follows: population attitudes towards vaccination, immunity-related information analysis of structural proteins, the effectiveness and side effects of the vaccine, and the public management of epidemic transmission.	5
We used the WoS custom data of the Max Planck Society’s in-house database derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) and Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) produced by Clarivate Analytics.	2
The Pearson chi-square test was used for categorical outcomes.	3
Additional supporting information may be found online in the Supporting Information section at the end of the article:	0
Of 53 journals, 12 were OA only, 40 were hybrid, and 1 was traditional.	4
We thank an anonymous reviewer for drawing our attention to this point.	0
The results are shown in Table 4 and a summary in Table 5.	0
We retrieved 1,263 (PsycINFO) and 1,208 (Scopus) articles published between 1980 and 2012.	2
In contrast, the higher average citation impact of female first-authored research in most of the large English-speaking countries examined points to the possibility that each female first-authored output is more valuable.	5
All of the authors of this article have reported no disclosures.	0
This paper analyses how the interaction between social institutions on the one hand and actors' strategies and interests on the other hand is shaping European integration in research policy.	1
Balancing the need for representativeness (with regard to size, importance, level of development, and language) with Publishing Research Consortium national interests and the availability of interviewers on the ground, China, France, Malaysia, Poland, Spain, UK, and USA were selected.	2
In conclusion, Scandinavian PhD students know about breaches with research integrity in their local research environment, and some of them have experienced pressure to commit misconduct.	5
Our results indicate that traditional professional topics are cultivated mostly by LIS scholars, while IR, scientific communication and information seeking are mostly contributed by disciplines external to LIS.	5
Looking at the average for the colleges, the faculty published in 1432 journals and the library owns 1273 or 89%.	4
This article seeks to validate such an approach on the freely available, PubMed Central open access subset (PMC-OAS) of biomedical literature.	1
Parmon in these databases was carried out in the end of March, 2018.	2
In brief, they were identified using a list of 18 Nanoscience and Nanotechnology journals covered by the Journal Citation Report (JCR).	2
The first includes the number of papers in RISC, the number of papers in RISC Core, the number of citations in RISC, and the number of citations in RISC Core.	3
In this paper, we peer inside the black box of science production and find that funding for “science” primarily supports the scientists, including trainees and staff, who produce it.	1
What is the relationship between lexical and syntactic features of abstract readability and the level of online attention received by RAs?	1
The results obtained from the analysis seem to support the thesis about the usefulness of the normative theory with reference to high citation counts, notwithstanding a potentially strong constructivist reason guiding the citing behavior.	5
For this, a three step sampling strategy was used: in step one, we used journal categories to identify institutions with a minimum number of articles in the relevant journal categories in the period 2011-2016 (Web of Science (WoS) categories: 'Physics', 'Astronomy & Astrophysics'; 'Economics'; 'Cardiac & cardiovascular systems').	3
Finding the maximum likelihood for Lotka's full data set and the discrete power law with exponential cutoff, Equation (5), the result is αa = 1.81524 and βa = -0.0172869 with a log likelihood of -11,646.2.	4
Some of the reasons for the lower performance by some indicators may have to do with the downturn in published papers after 2010 for the majority of the earth science projects, which itself could be related to the fact that 52% of these projects only became operational after 2010 compared to the more successful 'Top-3' projects, whose impacts resemble the general population of non-citizen science research.	5
The rationale for selecting this project is to investigate a paradigmatic example operating at the frontier of science, for which intangible outputs are particularly relevant.	1
The head of China's publishing and press bureau estimates that over 95% of China's most important research outputs are now published by foreign commercial publishers and locked behind pay-walls.	4
Based on our data, language and linguistics academics seem to be less familiar with predatory journals than their counterparts in other disciplines.	5
For better investigation, this study introduces the DOI (DO) field tag which will retrieve in the DOI field of indexed records.	3
The following are the eight rejection statements made by the editors.	0
Results reveal that Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia (Malaysia) and National University of Singapore (Singapore) have the highest share in scholarly productivity among the selected SEA universities.	4
Bibliometric analysis of the journal Izvestiya Akademii Nauk.	2
Atkins Library at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte sought to address these issues by strategically leveraging citation and copyright information that already existed in Web of Science to grow their institutional repository, Niner Commons.	1
Meanwhile the geometrical interpretation can provide an insight into the research achievements of scientists.	5
Diachronically, this study found that subjects such as Business, Materials Science, Engineering, and Computer Science have moved toward the root of the spanning tree.	5
While the price increases of Big Deal packages have drawn criticism, the utilization of multiyear contracts and the purchasing power of regional and national consortia have, in many ways, regulated these prices.	4
The reasons for selecting one department instead of random sampling from all departments are as follows.	0
We compiled a database of 823 articles focused on the field and published in academic journals in the ISI WoS database.	2
This article is based on a Cochrane protocol (published on the Cochrane Library Web site: http://www.CochraneLibrary.com for information on our protocol and methodology).	0
We only intended to identify the journals where the MCAs have been published.	1
Teaching and research are usually considered to comprise the key elements of academic work, though weighted differently depending on the type of institution.	0
Research Unit for the Sociology of Education (RUSE), University of Turku, 20014 Turku, Finland	0
The theoretical model presented in Figure 1 was tested using structural equation modeling (SEM) analysis.	3
The associations of these three outcomes with the five background characteristics (S1 Table) and the explanatory factor scales (Table 1) were investigated with multiple (i) linear regression, (ii) binary logistic regression and (iii) ordinal logistic regression, respectively [17].	3
In addition to the TDA, another offering of Thomson Innovation called the Themescape tool can be used.	3
The journal Scientometrics was included in the analysis of LIS in 2005 on account of its highly regarded and unique status as reported from earlier studies (e.g., Koufogiannakis et al., 2004; Milojevi? et al., 2011).	2
By using the journal's total citation (TC) as a representation of the total impact of the journal, we measured the correlation between the indicators extracted from the active articles and TC, and compared this correlation with that of the traditional journal indicators of JIF, IF5 and CHF.	3
Since this study only analysed a single paper mill, it is likely that the number of papers with forged authorship is much higher.	5
This paper analyses the collaboration between Spanish researchers abroad devoted to health sciences and national science institutions.	1
This paper has designed an integrated storage schema centered on the paper object, which is the center of the network, by defining information objects, which are the components of bibliographic data, as node types and the relationship between each object as an edge type.	5
Third and last, what analysis methods most affect the achievement of two-way linkages?	1
The proportion of female first-authored journal articles increased 1996–2018 in all countries (Figures 1-7).	4
We considered branch campuses and the main campus as one college/school of pharmacy.	0
Both SPSS software Version 15.0 and Microsoft Excel 2010 software were used for data manipulation.	3
From an author score obtained from an author-author citation matrix, it is possible to derive separately, an expected score for each paper.	3
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
(RQ3): What is the relationship between a researcher’s centrality [27] in collaborative networks early in their career and their ability to obtain research funding in the future?	1
Department of Health and Human Services, which funded almost 3% (69) of the sponsored papers.	4
The survey raises two important questions with possible consequences for funding policy.	1
Article citation counts for each article were recorded in November of 2013 and November of 2016 from Web of Science.	2
This was the first time I reviewed my own publication and commented on it in retrospect.	0
First, the subfactor value for each school was subtracted from the average subfactor value across all schools, then divided by the standard deviation of the subfactor across all schools, resulting in a Z-score for each subfactor.	3
To understand network dynamics and generative mechanisms of research collaborations in a CTSA institution, more specifically, to answer questions such as: "Is the RCN at UAMS a small-world?	1
These results suggest that collaborations among health institutions are becoming stronger, which promotes their working efficiency.	5
As such, this study seeks to investigate PageRank-based bibliometrics as an alternative to citation counts alone.	1
In order to demonstrate this relation, we calculated the Gini inequality coefficient	3
Hence, diversity in interdisciplinary collaboration does not always have a positive impact.	5
Thus, the present study aims to determine co-authorship patterns, co-authorship indices (CI, DC, CC), the ratio of national collaboration to international collaboration, analyze and draw co-authorship networks in scientific publications of on the Web of Science database from 2009 to 2013.	1
First, we include a dichotomous indicator for whether individuals receive their Ph.D.	3
We were particularly interested in examining the relationship of medical specialty choices on the subsequent training and career path of program graduates.	1
in general, it can be considered with certain reservations that the influence of intellectual capital on the results of modern universities' scientific activity was found out by using statistical methods.	5
In the data collection process, a list of 4236 hot papers was downloaded from the InCites Essential Science Indicators database.	2
(8) requires a content-based citation analysis at the semantic level, which would calculate the differing importance of references.	5
Particularly, Science Mapping Analysis (SMA) is a potent bibliometric technique, which combined with bibliometric co-word networks, is able to identify the structure of a research field through the use of the most important terms or keywords that compound the documents.	3
This pre-print is made available with the understanding that it will not be reproduced or stored in a retrieval system without the permission of Emerald Group Publishing Limited.	0
To construct a geo-localized citation network, we consider countries as nodes, and the directed edge indicates that there is a citation from a paper in one country to a paper in another country.	3
The results confirm that domestic collaboration associates with more highly cited research overall, and that adding a second author to a study makes a much larger difference than each subsequent additional co-author.	5
Scientific literature on peri-implantitis shows scientific growth in recent years, with a growing trend towards collaboration between authors and institutions.	5
Moreover, the aggregated value of two or more units is strictly among all the individual values.	5
The Kolmogorov-Smirnov test results show that IF2018, IFlog1.5, IFin, IFlog5, IFlog10, and rIF2018 of 401 journals from 8 disciplines do not show a normal distribution, whereas aJIFP, JIPR8, and cnlFlog1.5 show a normal distribution.	4
The following section describes the dataset used for the analysis, the elaborations, and the results concerning the accuracy of measure of impact in function of the length of the citation window.	0
It has been demonstrated than the share of reviews for an individual can greatly impact their citation output such as total cites, average citations or h-index.	5
Even though an aggregation scheme is not useful for evaluation based on books, it is noteworthy that the effect of aggregation is stronger for edited books in the sciences than for those in the SSH.	5
4, on the whole, in the combined network enterprise regulation has the highest degree centrality, then the leisure and activity, operating procedure, personal skill and problem-solving are the least, which indicate that almost all the members pay close attention to the enterprise regulation.	4
According to the authors, the desire of countries to create their own WCUs is a positive trend in terms of the development of global science.	5
Would you like to know when the next issue of your favorite APA journal will be available online?	0
The drafting of the definitive list of institutions has required some screening of the ISI WOS data for the following reasons:	0
Centre for Science and Technology Studies, 2018) and Complexity Lab Barcelona (CLabB) (Departament de Física Fonamental, 2018) software.	3
Then the importance of CME and its difficulty were pointed out.	0
There were also moves to reframe open science conceptually, particularly in connecting science with society and addressing broader questions of equity.	5
A discrete analysis method is applied as publication years are treated as discrete units and thus not a continuum of dates in terms of intervals of months or weeks.	3
Faculty who later received NIH funding had higher scholarly productivity and publication experience (p < 0.05).	4
The group average is exceptionally high (43.8 citations/ article), on par with articles published in top tier environmental science and ecology journals and substantially higher than prestigious generalist journals such as Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences and American Naturalist (Thompson Reutars 2009).	4
Firstly, this study demonstrates that manuscripts published in TFSC's SIs receive significantly higher citations than RIs i.e., 34% more citations, and are also more likely to be cited (SI: 97% vs.	5
Face-to-face panel format is considered superior for improving several of the most important panelist skills; however, other important skills were deemed by respondents as equally improved by either format.	5
For each paper, we collected the title, the publication year/month, keywords, abstract, JEL codes, authors, downloads and citations from the RePEc website.	2
Both sub-scales yielded good internal consistency with Cronbach's alpha being 0.845 and 0.876, respectively.	4
Time series data publication amount inventors and control persons (vertical lines representing priority year of inventor’s first patent).	0
Received August 31, 2011; revised August 31, 2011; accepted August 31, 2011	0
This pattern is worrying, as it hints at systemic impediments to scientific advancement across disciplines.	5
Our approach fits a target cell-limited model to viremia data from immunocompromised knockout mice and an adaptive immune response model to data from wild-type mice.	3
Interviews were semi-structured based on questions that allowed the interviewees to describe the contexts in which scientometric data is used in their institution.	3
This suggests that there is beginning to be a shift in focus from passive to active nanotechnology research, although as yet the absolute share of active nanotechnology in all nanotechnology research is still relatively modest.	5
thesis and prior research were in the area of content-based image retrieval.	0
In this case, it was WoS, because it contains a large volume of impact publications related to social sciences, the field of knowledge that AJET houses, and the database from which JCR draws to establish a ranking.	2
Altogether the low-level data reported in this study verify Whitley's high-level theory: Where there are no unified and universally accepted problem definitions, methodologies, and theoretical approaches, there is also no homogenous academic elite.	5
The current situation in which there are substantial numbers of publications with citations to retracted publications risks harm to all parties.	5
We also found that females comprise a very low proportion of older cohorts but a more substantial proportion of the youngest four cohorts among The Political Science 400.	4
This categorization can be used to describe and discuss how bibliometric studies with publication and citation indicators argue for counting	5
In the second version each co-author takes the only a reciprocal number of authors of a paper as a credit for the paper.	3
A concrete suggestion following from this study would thus be for the DOAJ to also start indexing delayed OA journals and their embargo periods.	5
Yet, our results suggest that matching between scientists is subject to considerable frictions even in this “best case” context.	5
Having prior publications follow the faculty member and credited to the current department numerically demonstrates the trade-off.	5
Each focus group started with an open discussion about RI policies, followed by a more in- depth discussion of two or three RI topics, and ended with a sorting exercise.	3
We hope that this paper can to some extent improve the veracity in representation of GS within its other limitations, and these implications extend beyond the discipline of education.	0
The early citation features of the article represent the academic feedback on the article in a short time after publication.	5
Citations received by the articles published in 85 Health Care Sciences and Services (HCSS) journals in the period of 2009–2013 were analyzed with the use of the JIF, the h-index, and the SA index.	2
By following a process, regardless of group size, that creates opportunities for collaborators to meaningfully contribute to the intellectual development of a publication, and by transparently documenting these contributions (e.g.	5
We used the Salton Cosine measure to normalize the strength of the bibliographic coupling between the article and each of its respective authors, as it is considered an indicator that better represents the coupling strength when universes of different sizes are compared (Grácio, 2020).	3
The search was restricted to the time period 1980–2014 and resulted in a publication set of 222,060 papers (articles and reviews only).	2
PhD students and postdoctoral researchers had a significantly higher presence in the pro-OA group than did assistant, associate, and full professors.	4
Thirty-two of 53 voting members (60%) completed the Web-based survey.	4
According to the data collected through the census of scientific associations, there are 366 scientific associations active in Portugal.	4
The strengths of this research are the use of contemporary databases with wide searching criteria.	5
The approach is summarized as: (1) discovering topics in a research field as well as determining the topics for papers and authors, (2) constructing scientific collaboration network for each topic, (3) finding TSCs from the scientific collaboration networks of topics.	3
Normalized Impact is computed over the institution's output using the methodology established by the Karolinska Institutet in Sweden where it is named "Item oriented field normalized citation score average".	3
We define International Collaboration Intensity (ICI) as the number of publications with authors from at least two different nations and inter-Regional Collaboration Intensity (RCI) as the number of publications with authors from at least two different regions, with the regions categorized as Europe, North America, Asia Pacific, Africa, Latin America, and the Middle East.	3
3 Scaled distribution in lower rank for each subject category: a SCI high impact factor; b SCI low impact factor; c SSCI high impact factor; d SSCI low impact factor	0
The results indicate that the education system's quality, math education quality, and business schools' quality are all influential in stimulating research productivity both in accounting and management domains.	4
For the full listing of studies, see Appendix E2 (available online at 10.1016/j.	0
We used thematic analysis methods to analyze the qualitative data.	3
The 115 articles related to open access journals in SSCI have been cited 842 times from 1993 to 2016.	4
This analysis resulted in 6 clusters of studies revolving around ‘IT outsourcing', 'IS success and effectiveness', 'Culture', 'e-government', and 'e-commerce and consumer behavior'.	4
International mobility among CS scientists is a fairly common phenomenon, and it strongly correlates with research productivity, measured in terms of standard bibliometric indicators.	5
The number of papers published in Journal of Pakistan Medical Association per issue increased from 2009 to 2013 and the main region in terms of contribution was Sindh.	5
Therefore it can be said that the administrators or webmasters of this repositories need regular monitoring to increase the presence of repositories on the web.	5
Overall, these findings are consistent with the concept that “what doesn’t kill me makes me stronger,” which may have broad implications for identifying, training and nurturing junior scientists.	1
Among the leading countries contribution to world date palm research during the last 12 years from 2000 to 11, the largest share (12.50 %) is contributed by Saudi Arabia, followed by USA (11.34 % share), Tunisia (8.14 % share), Egypt (7.63 % share), Iran, France, Spain and Morocco (with publication share from 5.23 to 6.98 %), United Arab Emirates, India, UK, Oman, Israel and Italy (with publication share from 3.05 to 4.72 %).	4
We selected 13 Colombian psychology journals (table 2) for analyses using the following criteria: (a) the journal had been active between 2000 and 2016; (b) the contents of the journal in that timeframe were accessible; (c) the journal was covered by at least two of the following databases: Scopus, Scielo, Journal Scholar Metrics or Redalyc; (d) a regional (Scielo) or international (Scopus or Journal Scholar Metrics) citation indicator was available for the journal.	2
The results showed that in this 70-year period, the annual growth rate was 11.5%.	4
However, the term was used in the particular context of perceived “double dipping” by publishers and related especially to new additional costs as experienced by institutions in a hybrid OA environment.	0
To this end, a high-level appraisal of STI inputs, focus and outputs is assembled.	3
24–32) highlighted the disproportionate weight of trivial issues.	1
The production of cross-disciplinary research by BSS researchers oriented towards advancing precision health can lay the path for the biomedical and other research communities to more consistently seek and engage in collaborations with BSS researchers.	4
Among the 159 contributing countries from 2012 to 2021, India contributed 4.46% of publications.	4
This paper uses the Entropy method to obtain the weight vector.	3
New relationships between players across the sector need to be developed and fostered.	5
I have suggested that we take the second option, and have offered a revisionary proposal – the CWSG proposal – which replaces authorship with the roles of contributor, writer, spokesperson, and guarantor, dividing up these functions between the different roles.	5
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE—April 1, 1998 377	0
The research results show that 75% of the academics have open access awareness and that their awareness is generally created by information that they obtain through the Internet and their friends.	4
Among the top five methods ranked by chi-square values, female authors tended to favor interview, questionnaire, and observation, while male authors showed a preference for bibliometrics and theoretical approach.	4
In this study, we focus on full counting and “All sciences”.	2
The authors declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Two measures are introduced to allocate the journal to a quartile: the optimistic mode and the pessimistic mode.	3
the number of authors publishing a specific number of articles is a fixed ratio of the number of authors publishing one article (the number of authors making n contributions is approximately 1/n2 of those publishing one article).	3
This study reports on the E&C of science teams in Capital4Health (C4H), a transdisciplinary research consortium funded by the German Federal Ministry of Research (2015– 2020), which aims to increase capabilities for active lifestyles across the lifespan.	1
Therefore a proxy created from the URL mentions indicator was employed, a method already used in scholarly literature (Ortega et al.	3
Received March 7, 2008; Accepted May 21, 2008; Published July 2, 2008	0
Model two, named STS5, was created in 2019 using Scopus data from 1996 through May 2019.	2
Predictions for the researchers having 1 year experience are not precise, having R2 0.60 for 1 year and 0.33 for 5 years.	4
There was an increase in postretraction citations when compared with citations received preretraction.	4
Table 1 Journals Journals American Economic Review Journal of International Economics	0
Our review shows that marine mammal research in South America has accumulated significant knowledge and is also actively growing, reaching more than 2100 peer-reviewed documents (over 1800 from SCOPUS and 287 from SciELO).	5
But once again, it is the tail of citation distributions represented by Class 4 that showed a strong deviation.	4
In order to probe the authors contribution patterns in scientific papers, we created a dataset comprising articles retrieved from the PLoS One journal.	2
The h-index of Current Science was 82 and 24 authors had more than one H-Classic articles.	4
Papers presented at the annual meeting of AAPOS were no more likely to have been recommended for publication than other manuscripts (p = 0.092, χ2 test).	0
The presented approach allows to bridge two important dimensions in any social field with a relatively high degree of autonomy: positions and position-takings.	5
The novel methodology that we propose in this work overcomes this limit by normalizing HCAs in a field by the intensity of publication in that field by top scientists (TSs), defined as researchers with a total fractional counting of HCAs (referred to as FHCAs when the fractional counting method is applied) that exceeds a certain threshold.	3
Since its foundation in 1909, the MIOC has focused on infectious and parasitic diseases.	5
The structure and evolutionary model for the international collaboration network in educational technology is proposed.	1
Also, there are chances some matches were overlooked due to human error or journal name changes.	0
In this work, we extract the features of leading papers from time transition analysis to foresee promising papers, and propose ways of detecting leading papers.	1
A presentation of both descriptive findings and shaping dynamics follows this.	0
The first axis of the distribution of PI contrasts the large institutions, which have high values for all the variables, with the small institutions, which have low values for the variables analyzed.	4
In following the regular lab meetings of a research team in optical physics, we found that these are not only used as a bureaucratic form of coordination, control, and rule observation.	5
Possible application of the methodology in telling good stories of a target corpus is also explored to facilitate further research management and opportunity discovery.	5
Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Belief in the value of peer review is nearly unanimous (95% agree or strongly agree).	4
The centralities of Singapore, especially closeness, in the biomedical field have grown although not continuously since 1998 when Industry 21 was adopted.	4
An international online survey of 1,569 current and recent doctoral students and supervisors was undertaken.	2
The number of citations for the top 100 cited articles ranged from 964 to 17,779 (Table 1).	4
The data collected and updated daily were combined to obtain 11,579,906 pieces of data, and 7,144,227 pieces were kept after excluding the data of the papers published after May 23, 2019 because of the time window of 240 days.	2
Triad of effective reviewer-comments-as-feedback based on the combination of interview outcomes and linguistic analysis	0
Articles were sampled every 3 months and at 5 year intervals over a 25 year period.	2
(2017) for a full description of the dataset).	2
The most represented country was USA (n = 51).	4
A total of 226 articles with a total number of 4,605 citations were identified.	2
During the past two decades, the number of patents and scientific publications has almost doubled (Fig.	4
We used nonparametric statistics, in particular the Kruskal-Wallis test for multiple-sample and the Mann-Whitney U test for two-sample comparisons.	3
The study then identifies leading actors (authors, affiliated institutions, and countries) and journals (knowledge inflow/outflow) that have contributed to the success of TFSC-SIs.	1
over a fixed citation window of 2 years).	3
Third parties, such as ORCID or Web of Science, could summarize and update the data.	3
The present study has been conducted to highlight the significant contributions of the journal in terms of impact, topics, authors, universities and countries.	4
Female authors were found to be overrepresented as first authors, at 36% across all journals, though their overall authorship was only 29% (Fig.	4
Even though the CI have some important limitations, they still contain unique information that is relevant when conducting a bibliometric analysis.	0
Although the research was started by European scientists, it is not specific to a certain region, country, or institution but is led worldwide and collaborations between institutions have been intensifying since 2007.	5
Focusing on the delineation of groups, we aim to ascertain interdisciplinarity in each group.	1
Bero: Institute for Health Policy Studies, 1388 Sutter Street, 11th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94109.	0
All in all, the results also suggest that agencies such FT, Bloomberg, and UTD may want to reevaluate their journals basket for future journal evaluation exercises since certain journals from longstanding research clusters such as Management have become less influential or impactful with the emergence of new areas and subareas of Business-related research.	5
In this article, we will examine the link between science and technology by analyzing how the citing motivation of both inventor/applicant and examiner impacts science linkage.	1
For context signal, a heterogeneous graph of “paper-journal-author” is constructed to generate paper embedding.	3
Hence, we pursue an intersectional analysis that examines both direct and interactive effects of ascriptive characteristics on the relationship between professional social networks and academic productivity.	1
The percent expenditure in R&D of gross domestic product (GDP) was used as a factor to account for the changes in productivity and impact.	3
By fitting a zero-inflated Poisson model to the data, specific factors can be identified that separately drive the non-publishing and publishing processes at UKZN.	1
On average, the number of share adjusted weighted articles (henceforth Weighted Papers) per capita increased by 9% in 2006–11relative to the 1994-9 period.	4
We analyzed 619 publications on platform from the Web of Science database (WoS) from 1978 to the end of 2018.	2
The data suggest that there is no significant gap between impact factors of fully OA journals and the average.	4
The researchers scrutinised original articles, review articles and case reports excluding editorials and letters to editor, published in the JCPSP from 2010 to 2014.	2
The publication meta- data are collected from PubMed Central (PMC),2 BioRXiv preprint servers, MedRxiv preprint servers, and WHO COVID-19 Database.	2
Hypothesis 1: Democratic governance is positively associated with the scientific performance of countries in the international system.	1
A paper in finance, accounting, and economics, fields in which author order is typically alphabetical, is cited more if its most famous author appears first.	5
Also, a comparative analysis has been conducted of the results based on GS and Web of Science (WoS).	1
Hence, we determined the volume and proportion of adult hip research published in high-level orthopedic journals, the geographic origin of the research, and the relationship between the economic power of the countries and their contribution to adult hip research.	1
The citation-based indicator used to measure individual research performance is the fractional scientific strength (FSS).	3
However, a few institutions from the US dominated the field.	4
However, our analysis indicates that some projects have a high percentage (4.98%) and others have no evidence of social impact shared in social media.	4
The ANP is a decision analysis method that combines quantitative and qualitative analysis.	3
Comparing results across the three levels reveals that results from one level might propagate to the next level, e.g., top rankings of a few key single authors can not only have a major impact on the ranking of their institution but also lead to a dominance of their country at the country level; movement of prolific authors among institutions can lead to major structural changes in the institution networks.	5
In this study, two indexing parameters SCOPUS and Web of Science (WoS) were opted for the study reference period of 5 years, i.e.	2
Similarly, the mapping of individual journals is displayed when the journal is clicked at the right corner in Fig.	4
News ranking is above 0.90 for a large range of decisions, indicating a strong agreement between the objective measure and the subjective opinion of peers.	4
The findings indicate that trends in the number of publications and several indicators of the impact of research published in JOM are encouraging.	4
We obtained a total of 1842 publications associated with Mexican bioinformatics from the PubMed database.	2
This article aims to heighten the awareness, in not only Chinese researchers but also the rest of the science community, about the gravity of the author name ambiguity problem and the importance of their joint efforts to solve the problem.	1
As shown in Table 3, Government Information Quarterly (GIQ) was at the top, followed by International Journal of Information Management (IJOIM), and European Journal of Information Systems (EJOIS) according to the prestige value computed by the MLMRJR model.	4
We considered that all the other alternatives support the hypothesis that editors can accurately assess the overall quality of a manuscript without external revisions.	3
Third, leaders of the scientific community need to alter the rules of the game, deliberately and permanently.	5
In particular, the specialized bibliometrix package was employed (Aria & Cuccurullo 2017).	3
Data visualisation were produced with R [5] version 4.2.3.	3
Our study identified geopolitical disparities and weak engagement from developing countries in the ongoing efforts regarding COVID-19 VE.	5
More specifically, only 31% of universities had content and requirements that dif-fered by career stage, only 1% of universities had content and requirements that differed by discipline; and only 18% of universities required some face-to-face engagement from all classes of trainees.	4
private companies, we performed a multivariate Kruskal-Wallis test [5-7].	3
The results of the study have shown that the Journal has a growth rate of 63% on a yearly basis, that the interest in the field of gastronomy has increased, and food, sensory-related (sensory analysis, sensory evaluation, etc.) topics in the field of gastronomy have recently attracted more attention.	4
The objective of this study was to evaluate the published scientific output using scientometric methods.	1
The 34% of Mexico's production is due to the collaboration with strategic countries, therefore, they should create more scientific alliances, getting involved, committing their effort and experience in order to achieve a common purpose in which all of them could benefit.	5
The least com- mon fraud was a form of data fabrication (i.e., creating data from a study that was never actually conducted).	4
The rwos package provides an R interface with the Web of Science Web Services Application Programming Interface, which we used to query basic information about published articles including number of authors, number of keywords, number of words in the title, and number of pages</METRIC>.	2
Subsequently, researchers in the Faculty of Education and Arts were surveyed regarding their knowledge, understandings, and perceptions of OA publishing.	2
In this paper we focus solely on journal papers.	2
A comparison of the proposed and conventional approaches showed that the proposed approach works well, with results far better (99 % precision and 95 % recall) than the target implicitly set in previous studies.	4
We find interesting evidence of the network structure, illustrating vividly the central authors and sub-components of the network.	4
C. J. Lortie (lortie@yorku.ca), Dept of Biology, York Univ., 4700 Keele St., Toronto, ON, M3J 1P3, Canada.	0
Connell for reading drafts and verifying data during the writing of the paper, and Peggy Johnson, editor of LRTS, for her support and patience during its development.	0
We argue three key points to this end.	1
Results have shown that JASSS has had a truly cross-disciplinary impact and that this impact was more prevalent in computer science, physics and ecology as compared with the social sciences.	4
We allocated citing journals to one of twelve subject categories that we had condensed from 126 Web of Science categories: anaesthesia and critical care; medical; surgical; basic science; biomedical; allied health; psychiatry and psychology; engineering; management; sociology and behaviour; education; and animal sciences (see also Supporting Information, Appendix S1).	3
Of all group authorships, 39% met ICMJE's first authorship criterion, 41% met the second, and 12% met the third criterion.	4
This study focuses on the following aspects of Twitter altmetrics data: (a) the influence of organizational accounts; (b) the formation of disciplinary communities; (c) the cross-disciplinary interaction among Twitter users; (d) the network motifs of influential Twitter users; and (e) testing the small-world property.	1
The hypothesis was that international co-authorship would be associated with increased citations.	1
What is the final rank or score of the Iranian medical academic Li-braries websites based on SEO components?	1
Acknowledgements This research has made use of NASA's Astrophysics Data System.	0
In these comparisons, all papers were ranked according to the raw citation counts, and normalised citation counts common in longitudinal reviews.	3
Overall, Europeanisation has increased by half (13.3% to 19.6%) in the period 2000–7.	4
The investigated sample of scientists is situated in the Biology discipline and consists of an awardee of a senior research fellowship (FA) and four experts who were suggested by the awardee as potential reviewers for the application (SR(1.4)).	2
We calculated the respective h-index and Radicchi index of each specialty.	3
In a second step, relative and size-independent variants of the NI are generated that should be additionally presented by the NPG</ORGANIZATION>.	1
The number of papers published per year was used to identify which countries are in astronomical development.	3
And (4) Are the self-citation rates affected by these authors-related variables aforementionedmentioned?	1
Only 32 recent Nobel laureates were in top 6000 scientists in terms of ch (Hirsch-type index with self-citations excluded), 32 recent Nobel laureates were in top 6000 scientists in terms of the number of citations (self-citations excluded), 17 recent Nobel laureates were among the 6000 Highly Cited Researchers (WoS?), 4 recent Nobel laureates were in top 6000 scientists in terms of the number of hot papers, and 2 recent Nobel laureates were in top 6000 scientists in terms of the number of highly cited papers.	4
Correlations were determined using the Spearman rank correlation.	3
This information was obtained from the SCImago Journal & Country Rank portal (scimagojr.	2
Using an instrument based on a national contest in France determining researchers' location, we find evidence of peer effects in academia, when focusing on precise groups of senders (producing the spillovers) and receivers (benefiting from the spillovers), defined based on field of specialisation, gender and age.	1
An operational definition is proposed of a journal's degree of national orientation based on the geographical distribution of its publishing or citing authors, and the role of international collaboration and a country's total publication output is discussed.	1
Previous efforts to mine key nodes at the community level have mostly focused on the co-authorship network; few researchers have focused on the inventor-author knowledge flow network (Lu and Feng 2009; Zhang et al.	1
In closed access journals, CI, NR, and moderating variables had statistically significant effects on the number of citations in 2003–2006 and 2013-2016 (Table 14).	4
The finding here that peer reviewers attended nearly equally to methodological, theoretical, and writing criteria situates it between these prior studies.	5
Third, underutilized descriptive network statistics were applied to the co-citation network analysis to generate new insights such as different mechanisms for authors gaining influence in a knowledge community.	3
Funding This research was supported by the Cancer Research Experiences for Students (CaRES) Program, 5R25CA076023, funded by the National Cancer Institute.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0264-0473.htm	0
The aim of this study is to analyse the occurrence of communication journals in the so-called Altmetrics (Facebook, Mendeley, Twitter, etc.) and how these indicators relate to each other and to the citations received.	1
The illustration of the gap in a histogram of his or her sorted papers' citation counts (i.e.	0
Future research may focus on whether the composition of peer-review committees is important to determining their success, including evaluator seniority and the breadth and depth of committee expertise.	5
studied human colorectal cancer cells with KRAS or BRAF mutations and found that they "handle" vitamin C in a different way than other cells, ultimately to their detriment (see the Perspective by Reczek and Chandel).	3
In October 2017 we sent emails to corresponding authors of the top 500 cited articles from 2010 to 2014 in 235 WoS categories [23].	2
This work was jointly supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (Nos.	0
Without careful evaluation of how all authors are impacted, OA publishing funded by APCs may not be the democratic medium it is intended to be.	5
Within our sample, there are 83 faculty who rank among the top 20 (all institutions combined) on one or more of the four productivity measures.	4
Secondly, the coupling coordination degree model is used to measure the NQPKE.	3
The subject area with the highest number of assignments in the general search was “Public, Environmental & Occupational Health" (976 published items), followed by "Transportation" (933), "Ergonomics” (599), “Transportation Science & Technology" (577) and "Social Sciences, Interdisciplinary" (559) (Figure 8A).	4
The discipline Studies in Human Societies has the largest node size, indicating its superior appearance and connection with other non-STEM disciplines in interdisciplinary non-STEM research projects.	4
Q2: Do the critical instances and reasons of inadequate and omitted citations in research manuscripts relate with the scenarios/tasks where researchers need external assistance in finding papers?	1
Spearman's rank-order coefficient (rs) for the correlation between publication year and the numbers of publications as well as citation impact are calculated for each country (Bornmann and Leydesdorff 2013; Sheskin 2007).	3
More than a third (38.8%) of citations to JoVE articles were self-citations.	4
The approach allows for the detection of topical overlap between patent and scientific publications, highlighting topical areas shared by research and application.	3
The analysis showed that Buonocore`s paper is a sleeping paper, with a very dynamic citation history.	5
What role does the context in which individuals work and their personal circumstances play in the extent of list use?	1
We analyzed 3915 articles published across 13 journals.	2
The results above confirm that the positive impact of the 21st COE program, measured in terms of increase in the number of papers and citation counts, differs across research fields.	5
Between 2010 and 2019 the five journals combined published 15,134 articles, of which 5782 were classified as original research and analysed.	2
Total faculty numbers were collected from the Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS) for the 2011/2012–2015/2016 school years (US Department of Education, 2015).	2
The analysis was performed by using the VOSviewer software, version 1.6.4., which allows the illustration of the association strength between the most frequent words and their occurrences found in the analyzed titles and abstracts of literature (Van Eck and Waltman, 2016).	3
Data retrieval strategy: the subject is “anti-cancer drug” or “anticancer drug”; the publication period was confined from “between year 2000 and 2014”, (Retrieved date 2015-07-11).	2
An extension of this way of thinking about funding instruments is to perceive them as bundles of features, that may be combined to pursue a specific task.	5
In Russia, the usage of quantitative indicators is arguably an expression of distrust towards scientists as evaluators.	4
Among all articles, 43% (n=391) were open access.	4
Based on these selection criteria, we are left with 27,598 Computer Scientists and 34,527 Physicists (see Materials and methods).	2
The primary goal of the present study is to discover new drug treatments by topology analysis of drug associations and their therapeutic group network.	1
Which UK museums and art galleries are most frequently mentioned in impact case studies and does this differ between Main Panels?	1
A cross-sectional study of Colombian medical students involved in research using a validated, self-administered, online survey.	2
It relies on Elsevier's Scopus database and bibliographic analysis techniques.	2
Table III shows that reliability, with an average of 0.67, was in “good” condition.	4
A comparison of open access journals and non-open access journals was performed with a Mann Whitney U test to determine whether there was a statistical difference in their bibliometrics and the of volume of level I evidence they published.	3
For data collection and field delineation, the Web of Science Core Collection databases were used (including the Science Citation Index, the Social Science Citation Index, and the Arts&Humanities Citation Index).	2
To measure scientific collaboration, we calculated the Collaboration Index (CI = number of authors in multi-authored publications/total number of multi-authored papers) (Ajiferuke, 1988; Elango and Rajendran, 2012), excluding the single-authored articles, using the Bibliometrix package.	3
We further filtered out words based on Term Frequency-Inverse Document Frequency (TF-IDF), where words with high document frequencies and relatively insignificant for single document were removed.	2
In cases where two “senior” authors made equal contributions, I recommend indicating that with a footnote (e.g., “these two authors contributed equally”).	5
Examining the question at both the overall and discipline levels, the analysis finds no evidence whatsoever that alphabetically earlier surnames gain advantage.	4
The results indicate that algorithm networks also have the characteristics of complex networks, with tight connections between nodes developing over approximately four decades.	4
The survey identified 702 links, of which 134 (19%) were enabled by RTB.	4
The modularity index for the network obtained from the semantic similarity adjusted document co-citation matrix is observed to be improved from that of the document co-citation matrix.	4
For this study, we consider all journal papers in WoS category Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence as of October 2013.	2
(2016) proposed the topic terms interdisciplinarity (TI) index.	3
RQ#3 How has the integration of knowledge from Computer Science into Medical Informatics been changing over time?	1
This review utilises bibliometric methods [2,3] to provide an overview of the journal's influence, maturity, productivity, and network [4].	3
To show these discrepancies in WoS, we repeated the search both for [TEIXEIRA DA SILVA, JA] and [DA SILVA, J].	3
Our analyses consistently show low levels of agreement among reviewers in their evaluations of the same grant applications—not only in terms of the preliminary rating that they assign, but also in terms of the number of strengths and weaknesses that they identify.	5
The demand for a more comprehensive coverage of bibliometric database in the social sciences for a higher quality of evaluations is shown.	5
The methodology used for the analysis of the data obtained is bibliometric analysis; evaluative and relational measures are applied to a set of 78 articles (45 in Scopus and 33 in WoS) and to a joint base of 47 articles after deleting those articles that overlap in both databases.	3
Which Arab organizations are the most prolific in MRI research?	1
Note(s): Answers given on a 5-point Likert scale (1 strongly disagree to 5 strongly agree)	0
We compensated each expert with $50 per hour of their interview time.	2
RIS researchers have participated in 60% of the documents, presenting a scientific production and citation significantly higher than authors not linked to the RIS.	4
Acknowledgements We would like to thank Mary Margreiter for the language review.	0
Second, this article integrates multi-source heterogeneous data, then adopts correlation analysis, integrated factor analysis, entropy weight method, Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to an Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) method and two-dimensional four-quadrant mapping method to conduct empirical research on the discourse power evaluation of Medicine, General and Internal journals from the perspectives of multi-dimensions, multi-factors, multi-indicators and multi-methods fusion.	3
For the bibliometric dataset, we draw on the Italian Observatory of Public Research (ORP), a database developed and maintained by the authors and derived under license from the WoS.	2
The Youden index is defined as in statistics: one minus the probability of type I error minus the probability of type II error (16).	3
Graham White, Department of Political Science, University of Toronto, 100 St George St., Toronto, Ontario, email: gwhite@chass.utoronto.ca	0
In addition, articles about rheumatoid arthritis were more likely to be ordered at the front of issues (p<0.001).	4
These findings demonstrate the diversity of research funding and outputs, and provide new evidence to inform research investment strategies for policymakers, funders, academic institutions, and healthcare organizations.	5
Scopus was used to obtain the number of publications/citations and h-index values.	3
Evaluators chose client-centred logic modelling, literature review, interviews, surveys, and bibliometric and patentometric analysis as tools for analysis.	3
The data were collected from the WoS Core Collection, by searching through address (Malaysia) and time span of 10 years i.e.	2
The boost factor in year t is a ratio, with the numerator being the sum of the ith power of an author's annual citations received in continuous n years following year t, and the denominator being the sum of ith power of his/her annual citations in continuous n years prior to year t.	0
Likewise, the research career paths of those involved in radio research show how this field is still in its infancy, although some indicators such as participation in projects or cooperation rates point towards a positive evolution in the mid-short term.	4
Space constraints do not permit publication of the summary display or the data coordinates for each of the data sets analyzed but Table 2 illustrates the comparative importance placed on dimensions of the stimulus space by citing authors in each period.	0
It is clear that the fitting results of the transfer function model are better than those of the other three models (i.e., the B-K equation, the corrected B-K equation, and the Bernal negative exponential model).	4
Within the general class defined by Φ, we choose φ(x) = ln(1+x) (increasing, concave, positive and defined in 0), which yields: L(x) = ∑(i=1 to n*x) ln(1 + xi/x*i)x*i.	3
The insignificant effect for non-elite departments indicates that they do not profit from industrial funds in terms of publications in high-impact journals, while elite universities do so significantly.	4
Our major question goes behind the effects of successful scholarship to ask: Does how we write affect the success of our writing?	1
We leverage decentralized storage, oracles, and threshold encryption to securely fetch, store, and share institutions' ranking data.	3
are seen to be used in the Journal.	5
ACL conference papers published from 2016 to 2020 were chosen as the raw corpus for the extraction of new algorithm entities, and these papers in PDF format were downloaded from the ACL Anthology website (https://aclanthology.org/venues/acl/).	2
In Study 1, mentioning that NSF had funded the research did not affect ratings.	4
The goal of this study was to investigate the grants successfully awarded to pediatric surgeon-scientists and then determine the success of the K-series award recipients at achieving research independence.	1
Compared with traditional single-indicator evaluation approaches, the proposed multi-attribute evaluation takes more aspects into consideration, therefore it is able to effectively overcome the one-sidedness of a single indicator.	5
The acronym BERT represents Bidirectional Encoder Representation from Transformers (Peters et al., 2017).	3
The map organizes publications in journals indexed by Thomson Reuters' Web of Science and Elsevier's Scopus into 554 subdisciplines.	2
In this step we define the boundaries of the research groups (RG) by using a two-stage rule on the scientists that are at the interface of two or more CGs.	3
In the insitional scientific collaboration network of graphene, it takes an average of 3.3 years for carbon nanotubes to be accepted by research entities from initial contacts, 1 year to spread to her rearch institutions from being accepted, and 10 years to lose research interests and stopffusion som beginning to spread.	5
This includes the overall trajectory of academic output and other bibliographic variables during this time period.	1
The identified articles were ranked in descending order according to the total citation counts (citation data from the WoS).	2
The data examined in this study suggest that if academics make an adjustment on this margin of effort during the course of an academic career, it is to increase research effort in an attempt to produce truly ground-breaking, home run research.	5
R&D expenditure (% of GDP) values were obtained from World Bank, with most recent available data between years 2006 and 2016 [18].	2
Frequency of Indexed Articles in Medicine and Nursing Literature on Task Sharing	0
The complete list is accessible at http://cercauniversita.cineca.it/php5/settori/index.php, last accessed on June 13, 2013.	0
Logistic regression was performed to determine the probability of academic rank as a function of h-index and m-quotient.	3
is found to be well represented by a modified Boltzmann function, F(x; ?, s) (0≤ F ≤ 100) as reported below:	3
The following is a formal mathematical definition of the hjif-index: Let JIF[1] > ...	3
This article employs methods from the latter group, specifically from Eigenfactor.org.	3
We analyzed articles, notes, or reviews published between 2000 and 2011 written by multiple authors from mainland China.	2
Once the optimum clusters are obtained, five classification procedures are used, including, Artificial Neural Network (ANN), k-Nearest Neighbor (k-NN), Decision Tree (DT), Gaussian Naive Bayes (GNB), and Linear Regression Classifier (LRC) to predict the category of a previously unknown scientist.	3
artificial intelligence in computer science, in the time window from 1990 to 2020.	1
Blood (n = 32) and New England Journal of Medicine (n = 31) made the greatest contribution, and 52 manuscripts were clinical trials.	4
The data set from the DBLP Computer Science Bibliography (Ley, 2009) is accurate, structured, and free to download.	2
We have shown that these dynamics are linked to the social and institutional positions of the authors, the intellectual conditions of their articles and the circumstances of the publication.	5
Among the co-authored publications 1505 (6.4%) had at least one co-author from the SADC region.	2
The crux of the survey revolved around the question, "How easy is it for you currently to obtain the scientific literature you need to carry out your IUCN-related work?” and revealed that roughly half (49%) of the respondents find it not easy or not at all easy to access scientific literature.	1
The edited paper is returned to the author(s) for final approval.	0
We propose a general normalization procedure motivated by the z-score which produces much less biased rankings when applied to citation count and PageRank score.	5
Specifically, we used an 11-year segment of the Scopus database (2000–2010).	2
Most of the central Mexican users were personal accounts and accounts of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), whereas half of the central accounts in the Korean network were accounts of large firms.	4
During the period December 2012 to April 2013, we compiled 3 datasets.	2
Few journals focus on tax, AIS and managerial accounting.	4
Moreover, among the all author-related factors, the degree centrality before the target paper made the largest contribution.	4
The median value of cumulative article views for OA articles is much greater than for Non-OA articles.	4
Our primary interest in this paper is the global and domestic technological impact of scientific production in China.	1
Model 1 shows a positive coefficient for exploratory training (b = .196, p < .05), supporting Hypothesis 2a.	4
In two forthcoming subsections, two practical cases are introduced, aiming to show what kind of incentive problems the new system may induce.	3
The vertical dashed lines in the plots of Fig.	4
I propose four desirable directions: (a) strengthen our scientific foundation, (b) increase multidisciplinary linkages, (c) focus on multilevel system dynamics as core capabilities, and (d) improve the translation of IOP science to evidence-based practice and vice versa.	5
This part of the survey had a response rate of 33%.	0
The link prediction method was introduced to reveal the dynamic changes of co-word networks.	5
The study gauges the research performance of the BRICS bloc in the field of Library and Information Science (LIS) research using Performance analysis and Science mapping.	1
In the case of mathematics, we presented five cases that can be exemplar: Intentionally producing wrong theorems or proofs, plagiarism and self-plagiarism, non-eliminable uncertainty, not engaging with research and the teaching or mentoring of a partial story.	3
The data crawling date was from 30th Oct to 3rd Nov, 2017, and 63,945 users’ data from 92 corporations were crawled in total.	2
The website itself is built using Python 3 and the Bottle web framework [25], which builds the web pages based on data retrieved from a JSON-based Rxivist API, also built using Bottle, that is also documented both on the website (https://rxivist.org/docs) and in our previous paper [8].	3
Full professors had a higher wRCR than department chairs (p = 0.0184).	4
We adopted CPM, a community detection technique, to analyze maximal-cliques to detect associations between therapeutic groups mapped from drugs.	3
Furthermore, research citations on Mendeley had a higher statistical correlation with international student mobility than research mentions on Twitter had.	4
A DoFA prediction matrix was constructed by using the nine capstone objectives (DoFA Step 1), which are taken as the predictions that are plausible if the capstone is functioning as intended, given the cases (data in rows) represented by 12 Master's degree students completing the capstone project at the end of one course (DoFA Step 2).	3
The originality of the study affected only the ratings of the appropriateness of the methods and research design: Replication studies were rated higher than original studies (ω2 = .063).	4
Reviewers from China judged papers from China more harshly than did reviewers from other countries.	4
Full-text articles published between 2011 and 2021 were reviewed, and the top 100 cited articles were determined.	2
Users may print, download, or email articles for individual use only.	0
Therefore, this article provides a descriptive study on the overall research output.	1
Medicine accounts for more than 30 percent of the degrees held by the most influential scholars in gerontology during the past 6 decades.	4
We investigate various performance indicators of ten leading journals in the field of Agricultural Economics and Policy over the period from 2000 to 2020.	1
Received June 29, 2005; revised January 15, 2006; accepted September 14, 2006	0
(3) To what extent are different publication strategies reflected in bibliometric impact measures?	1
The 187 male participants were all Chinese students attending online language instruction at private language institutes.	2
Principal Component Analysis (PCA) was used to plot the bibliometric and structural indicators to observe their relationships and to detect the disciplinary distribution patterns of the authors (Hotelling, 1933).	3
The correlations of the nine proportional indicators are weak to very weak.	4
In our study institution is defined as the top level entry of the database affiliation field.	0
The aim of this study is to analyze the network structure and the conceptual evolution of research on Corylus avellana through time.	1
The academic performance of EM has increased in the past two decades.	5
Apparently, the articles involved in international collaboration have the highest CPP2015 in the whole investigation period, followed by the articles with domestic interinstitutional collaboration, and the articles without any inter-institutional collaboration.	4
A second design where assigned referees scrutinize a manu- script, but a separately appointed associate editor detremines peer review stringency; and	0
We use “Web of Science" and "h index" as the keywords to search in topic field and limit the citation indexes to SCIE and SSCI only.	3
We follow the long-standing practice in the analysis of bibliometric data to use the conditional fixed-effect Poisson model due to Hausman et al.	3
In total, 60.8% of the articles were related to communicable diseases, newborn, maternal, and nutritional causes, comparing favourably with the burden of these causes (39.1%).	4
This indicates that MeSH concepts with clinical significance are more popular than those without clinical significance.	4
The female percentage of corresponding authors is significantly lower than the baseline of female percentage of chemistry researchers.	4
The authors would like to thank several colleagues and referees for commenting of the first draft of this paper.	0
SCImago Journal & Country Rank was used to collect data for the 50 most cited countries in clinical neurology during 1996-2019.	2
We aim to answer these questions in this study by applying the Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy (RPYS) analysis to all papers published in this journal between 1977 and 2017.	1
It results in a paper-level indicator called level score (LS) ranging from -1 to 1, with LS closer to –1 meaning that the paper is, by construction, more basic and 1 more applied.	3
We used the entropy weight method (EWM) to calculate the weight of each index and evacuate the influence of the patent family at different time intervals.	3
Overall, the participants consisted of 21 researchers, who were from different research disciplines, geographical areas, career levels and had experienced differing numbers of years in conducting and supervising research.	2
The first dataset was retrieved from the four major journals in creativity research (arguably representative of work from this field): the Journal of Creative Behavior, the Creativity Research Journal, Thinking Skills and Creativity, and Psychology of Aesthetics, Creativity, and the Arts.	2
This trend shows that the field of L2R research is gaining interest among the scientific community and is a worthy research area.	5
A total of 171 applicants applied to these 27 job openings.	2
The national collaboration with Spanish researchers abroad in the health sciences is limited.	5
In total, 4854 publications met the selection criteria.	2
Geographical proximity (log_distw) is calculated based on city-level data in order to account for the geographic distribution of the population inside each nation.	3
The current work proposes an innovative “input-oriented” approach, which permits: (i) estimation of national research performance in a field and comparison to that of other nations, independent of the size of their respective research staffs; and, for fields of comparable intensity of publication, (ii) identification of the strong and weak research fields within a national research system on the basis of international comparison.	1
Additionally, we use a series of text mining packages (tm, String R, word cloud, and dplyr) in R to visualize the important words discussed in the 25 years of JCF presented as word clouds.	3
We suggest that perhaps the time has come for professional terminologists to undertake a thematic terminology project in the field of scholarly publishing.	5
A total of 29 090 articles were analysed.	4
For each department, we collected a complete list of staff members during the period of 1995–2005, based on the personnel lists provided in the departments' annual reports (see Tables 1, 2).	2
Secondly, the research indicates that interdisciplinary engagement during the knowledge integration stage does not significantly impact the number of published articles, suggesting that interdisciplinarity does not inherently enhance research performance.	5
Table 3 lists the number and funding sources of research coordinators at responding sites.	0
The Scopus database was selected because it catalogues more than 49 million files, which are based on 20,500 titles and the output of 5,000 publishers.	2
For descriptive statistics, I weight the data by race before presenting the statistic by rank.	3
On the one hand, as we demonstrate in this paper, European scholars have shown that they are capable of adapting and playing the publishing game in a similar way to their North American colleagues, but with an idiosyncratic touch.	5
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
The paper investigates the remarkable evolution of China's science funding, output, discipline balance, internationalisation strategy and national and global networking.	1
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
There were 1229 research articles published in Human & Experimental Toxicology.	4
The threshold for statistical significance was set at p < 0.05 in each analysis.	0
The citation accrual patterns to 14 journals selected from the WoS.	0
In one- to two-hour interviews we asked these US and Russian scientists to comment on their approaches to working together.	2
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data are within the paper and its Supporting Information files.	0
This paper investigates the effect of international research visits on promotion.	1
The citations of leading authors and highly cited papers were screened on the basis of total citations.	3
As concerns quantitative articles, which constituted the majority of the sample, our model explained 80.3% of the variance in citations; some methods (e.g., use of SEM) and designs (e.g., meta-analysis), as well as theoretical approaches (e.g., use of transformational, charismatic, or visionary type-leadership theories) predicted higher article citations.	4
Received January 18, 2013; revised September 26, 2013; accepted September 27, 2013	0
Publicly accessible manuscripts had a decrease of 19% in citation rates (IRR=0.81, 95% IRR CI=0.67, 0.98).	4
A total of 66 researchers, 36 from the UK and 30 from the US, attended.	2
This paper provides insights into the barriers to research productivity among business faculty in India, which can be utilized in similar contexts, such as B-schools in developing Asian countries.	5
To remedy a flawed bibliometric-based assessment for scientists and improve our understanding of what constitutes good selection criteria, the key point to be emphasized is to make colleagues aware of the “invisible mortal sin" when they misuse short-term bibliometric indicators (van Noorden, 2010).	5
KUN TIAN – Computer Science Department, California State University, Chico, California, United States, https://orcid.org/0000-0003-0157-798X	0
We generated a list of 544 papers proposed by 147 ecology experts (journal editorial members) and subsequently ranked via random-sample voting by 368 of 665 contacted ecology experts, covering 6 article types, 6 approaches and 17 fields.	2
Our method is composed of two components: the first one is combining the bibliometric data with social media data like blogs and mainstream news.	3
The official webpage of the PubMed database (www.pubmed.com) was the data source, accessed by an online interface in January 2021 for all the research articles analyzed.	2
Collaboration patterns represented by motifs favor hierarchical structures, supporting intensive interactions across academic generations.	4
In IBPCA, the correlation between the number of patents and the total frequency of patent coupling is greater than that of IPCCA.	4
S'agissant de (re)qualifier un processus dont on ne sait pas s'il s'écarte ou reproduit des mécanismes connus à plus petite échelle, l'article entreprend son analyse conceptuelle au moyen de la théorie des systèmes et en particulier du concept d'?	3
The Biochemical Society publishes seven journals, two of which are fully gold open access (OA) titles and all titles, and all article types, are included in Read & Publish (R&P) agreements, without any cap on the number of articles published.	1
In addition, the little international collaboration in this field since its inception might be hampering the exchange and confrontation of ideas, and therefore, the progress of the discipline.	5
1 School of Information Management, Central China Normal University, Wuhan 430079, China	0
Rotators promote a “go-safe” approach (research question 3): the probability of winning small and medium size (but not large) grant is significantly higher for academics who interact with a rotator when compared to similar others.	4
∑j=1mj pjlog(pj)/log(n), where pj represents the fraction of papers belonging to topic j, m denotes the number of unique topics, and n represents total number of publications one contributed during the YSF.	3
Drawing on a dataset containing articles aggregated via Altmetric Explorer, a querying interface provided by Altmetric LLP, content analysis was used to 1) determine the distribution of federal statistics incorporated in scholarly studies, and 2) qualitatively understand the particular ways in which studies incorporated federal statistics.	2
The gender of the citing author and the field of study appear to have only limited effect.	4
This analysis highlights China's sharp increase in prominence in international scientific collaborations.	4
In this study, we resorted to the published data of two scientific research categories from Clarivate's Web of Science (WoS) in order to assess the dynamics of two research fields—namely, public health and experimental medicine.	2
We ask whether there are asymmetries in readership on preprint platforms compared to recognition of the same piece of knowledge through more curated channels such as journals.	1
The effect of endorsed journal lists on respondents therefore appears not to be direct but operates via the administrative impact on their organizations, which in turn translate state evaluation requirements to researchers.	4
The majority of outputs were available open access through gold, hybrid, or green route (66.1%, 430/651).	4
If the technological origins of the cited patents by the Spanish patents in the 'biologics' area (Figure 3) are compared and the same is done with the Basque Country patents (Figure 4), it can be seen that the sub-sectors ‘condiments, soup'; 'oral medicine'; and 'horticulture' have not been cited in the case of the Basque Country patents in contrast with Spanish patents.	4
This study used artificial neural networks, particularly a multilayer perceptron.	3
2 Nonrigorous scientific terminology is typical of the whole NS/NT [19].	0
The objective of the CAC task was to classify transdisciplinary citations into theoretical concepts (TC), methodological techniques (MT), and data information (DI), whereas the CSC task classified citations into positive, negative, and neutral classes.	1
This study reveals that some funding text information cannot be correctly identified by Scopus.	5
As a matter of fact, we have shown that the use of a mixture of discipline-specific words is not always a direct signal of interdisciplinary collaborations and that other components play an essential role, such the overall research question or the topic of the work (e.g.	5
The present research using the social network analysis studied co-authorship network of 681 articles published in Journal of Research in Medical Sciences (JRMS) during 2008-2012.	1
The detailed keywords in each cluster in presented in Table 10.	0
The number of conference presentations was low (N = 1) in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.	4
We also compare it with other fields: applied physics and microbiology.	0
A total of 7,192 articles (1,340 reviews, 790 case studies, 1,833 letters to the editor, 1,703 editorials, 1,244 book reviews, and 282 other articles) were excluded from this analysis.	2
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:173272 []	0
From 2002 to 2010, JASSS published 324 articles, receiving 983 and 1283 citations, respectively, by all ISI- and Scopus-indexed sources (excluding journal self-citations).	2
We have found a positive effect for OA journals in general.	5
The findings regarding collaboration are promising in terms of future research.	5
The experimental results show that the characteristics of early citations, topics and authors’ reputation are the key features that affect articles’ citations.	5
We also aim to contribute to comprehending second-level governance effects, e.g.	1
Even though the centrality indicator of network does not conclude that there is a leader in the network, the United States are apparently moving in this direction.	5
The Chinese scientists' birthplaces are highly concentrated in the eastern coastal areas and the Yangtze River basin.	4
PHI is a Hirsch-type indicator (Schubert and Schubert 2019) defined on the model of the h-index.	3
We have adopted the confidence similarity measure17 which belongs to the class of syntagmatic similarity measures (cf.	3
The United States occupies first place in the collaboration network of all the four major public health emergencies, which indicates that the United States is an influential country in terms of mobilising collaborations and plays an important role in international collaboration research.	4
This section defines and formulates the statistical relevance of an author to individual venues based on the author's publications.	3
The growth seen in education publications represented more than just an overall increase in otolaryngology scholarly activity.	5
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The following statistical tests were utilized: Kruskal–Wallis H test (non-parametric ANOVA equivalent).	3
In terms of collaboration, the USA is the primary partner for the entire BRICS group, particularly China and collaboration among the BRICS isn't as significant as it is with the non-BRICS countries.	4
RPYS visualizes how frequently cited references occur in the cited reference lists of papers published in the research field (Marx et al., 2014).	3
Our methodological approach is informed by the literature on the Diffusion of Innovations (DOI) theory and technology convergence literature.	3
is cited across various disciplines, what was the percentage of supported and unsupported assertions across these different disciplines?	1
Therefore, the paper data of this study were retrieved from the SCI and SSCI.	2
The low frequency of endogenous publications may be due to scholars preventing themselves from being accused of publishing in their own journals to show loyalty or to take advantage of their fellow editors’ or editorial board member’s sympathy.	5
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm	0
Funding: The authors declared that this study has received no financial support.	0
We find that the novel indicators produce paper rankings that are much less biased by age and field than the rankings produced by the other analyzed indicators.	4
For comparison of rankings we use the Spearman correlation coefficient p since it is well suited for heavy-tailed data [64] as it is found on Twitter.	3
1 Department of Political Science, Danish Centre for Studies in Research and Research Policy, Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark	0
The relevant contribution of this research is that heterogeneity is presented as a determinant to achieve better scientific production in Latin American business and management schools, and constitutes a feature pursued by most schools in the region to gain legitimacy in reputation and scientific performance.	5
developed genetically engineered mouse models of osteosarcoma and used them to demonstrate that receptor activator of nuclear factor KB ligand (RANKL) signaling contributes to the progression of this disease.	3
A systematic bibliometric search was performed using three academic databases (PubMed, Scopus and Web of Science) between January 1, 1996, and December 31, 2015.	2
The culmination of our analysis yields a NOAI value of 0.84 (the data by discipline are available on Zenodo).	4
The distribution of data variation across most disciplines, displaying a statistically significant difference between OPR and non-OPR, mirrors the overall trend.	4
Points were then calculated based on the respondent's stated publication record using the following rating scale: A* journal 7 points; A journal 5 points; B journal 3 points; C journal 1 point.	3
The Romance of the Three Kingdoms (RTK) is a classical Chinese historical novel by Luo Guanzhong.	2
For both NSF and NIH applications, KU Libraries provided access to 66% of cited books.	4
Our analysis is a combination of two information visualization tools for analysis, Aureka and CiteSpace.	3
Eigenfactor is more predictive for both authoring and citing-by-others across most of the representative disciplines in the social sciences as well as the physical and natural sciences.	4
In the first decade of the twentieth century only 25% of the papers published in the physical and biological sciences were multi-authored.	4
A comprehensive WHO Health Research System Analysis (HRSA)- based evaluation system was developed to evaluate the HRS in Iran.	3
The authors conclude that while OA represents a positive step forward in making knowledge a public good, it is no substitute for a more comprehensive rethink to pluralize our ways of knowing.	1
The most important is that the Rk-index is absolutely independent of Ptop 10 %, which can be expected because the path from the low stringency of Ptop 10 % to the high stringency of the Rk-index is dominated by the efficiency of the system, which can be expected to be highly variable across countries.	4
This work’s contributions lie in analyzing the paper selection process when applying the h-index for research groups, along with a proposal for a new way to select and aggregate those papers.	5
Before we can answer that question, however, we examine how our writing styles vary with our demographic characteristics, most importantly, our age/experience as researchers.	1
The analysis shows evidence of brain drain in Taiwan since the 2010s, with the U.S. the top destination for researchers moving from Taiwan (as well as the largest source of inbound researchers).	4
The research methodology of this study primarily employs descriptive statistical analysis, correlation analysis, and regression analysis methods.	3
The first part of the table displays summaries of research activity.	0
Source: Most of these data are available from Hadavand, Hamermesh, and Wilson (2024).	0
The link between the size of the network and individual productivity is more mixed.	4
The number of maternal mortality publications in the Obstetrics and Gynecology field has increased from 29 in 1994 to 115 in 2013 (increase of 300%).	4
Numerical fields report the amounts funded and date fields include the effective and expiry dates of funding.	0
The citation network is composed of multiple layers, each representing a scientific discipline.	3
This atypical peak draws attention, which is why we analyzed where it might have come from.	0
The aim was to explore the dynamics of the most salient publication for the target journal over time.	1
Then the maximum value of these two attempts for each IRs/tool request is chosen.	0
A more effective indicator could involve considering the total number of citations a publication receives from its year of publication up to the end of the most recent year.	5
Received May 8, 2020, accepted May 15, 2020, date of publication May 20, 2020, date of current version June 4, 2020.	0
In this study, we use CPC at the four digit level.	3
United States was the leading country with 434 STEM research articles produced by the affiliations from the US followed by Canada (47), and UK (36).	4
Analysis reveals both similarities and divergences in these universities' communication of plagiarism-related information, mechanism for plagiarism detection, provision of academic guidance and support for avoiding plagiarism, and competing discourses on plagiarism underpinning their mixed approaches to the problem.	4
Finally, we only consider the direct citation while ignoring the indirect citations that can also represent the flow of knowledge.	0
Cited by Clin. is weakly positively correlated with RCR (r=0.381, p<0.01).	4
This paper invokes the conceptual framework of Bourdieu to analyse the mechanisms, which help to maintain inappropriate authorship practices and the functions these practices may serve.	1
The research network based on the data collected in RMS illustrated that the investigators’ collaborative projects increased close to 3 times from 2009 to 2012.	2
The bibliometric and citation data of 485,041 papers in AI, a sub-subject field of Computer Science, was retrieved from the Web of Science?.	2
Steen (2011) examined 742 English language research papers retracted from the PubMed database between 2000 and 2010, finding that 31.5% of retracted papers were because of scientific mistake, 26.6% were retracted for fraud, and another 18.1% were retracted for ambiguous reasons.	2
Acknowledgements This work was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (12005064).	0
The articles were identified through a search in the category "dentistry oral surgery and medicine" of the Web of Science database.	2
Of note is the clear separation of ESM and JRME from the rest of the journals.	4
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
How the accuracy of different h-indexes is calculated, and how h-index-based productivity is associated with academic quality are issues that merit greater research.	5
Percentiles normalize the impact of papers with respect to their publication year and field without using the arithmetic average.	1
Are there any differences in the citation patterns of LA–C articles on management published through collaboration in contrast with articles published without collaboration?	1
Overall OA initiatives increase diffusion of content, citations and eventually the Impact Factor of the corresponding journals [33-35].	4
The central institutional repositories in India are found to have low volume of research papers deposited.	5
First, papers written by women on average receive more citations than those written by men.	4
(J Econ Perspect 32:179–194, 2018) explores whether or not the receipt of tenure gives academics the employment protection necessary to induce them to attempt more ground-breaking or “home run” research.	1
The diminishing percentage of MEDLINE-indexed records in PubMed is likely due to PMC as a growing component of PubMed.	5
In this work, we construct a citation network and perform time transition analysis between the emerging years and the present.	3
The GERD indicator is Gross Expenditures on Research and Development from both public and private sectors, using PPP weighting, and based on constant 2005 dollar values.	2
Country-wise analysis of data reveals that there are 74 countries which are in collaboration with Indian researchers in COVID-19 research.	4
Our results show that, with total occurrences of 539 and 130 links to other key- words, 'internationalization' is the most highly frequent keyword identified by VOSviewer, followed by 'higher education' and 'globalization', as shown in Figure 5.	4
Findings demonstrate a significant number of mechanisms utilised by institutions to assess research performance, postulating the emergence of forms of 'academic entrepreneurship', characterised by more and less ethical patterns of manipulation.	4
In order to integrate the concept of influence into the analyses of international collaboration and collaboration networks between countries, we first quantified the order of signatures in the documents signed in collaboration, calculating a dominance index between each country pair.	3
The proposed perspective could represent a starting point for indicating the importance of metrology in the explored areas of research, which also impact health, traceability, sustainable economy, and safety in the agro-food system, among other things.	5
Disruption is a metric proposed by Funk et al.	3
Aims: To track citation patterns in ophthalmic journals and contrast them with major medical and surgical journals from 1997 to 2009.	1
For example, in 1980, roughly 30% of Science publications remained uncited 5 years after publication.	4
Our univariate model explains more than 90% of the variance in the world share of publications (the R-squared is 0.938).	4
Our analysis is based on a sample of 100 journals in economics and business.	2
This naturally poses a survival bias in the result, which motivates further studies on failures across a career (Wang et al., 2019b; Yin et al., 2019).	5
Univ Deusto, Univ Rey Juan Carlos and Basque Foundation for Science are the institutions with highest relative priority.	4
DEA-published papers were collected from the ISI WOS, which is the world's leading publication database with multi-disciplinary coverage of over 10,000 high impact journals.	2
In conclusion, as funding agencies are increasingly supporting cross-disciplinary investigations [for example, BRAIN initiative (56)] and associated scientific activity is on the rise (42, 57), there is a growing need for insightful quantitative evidence from past cases to aid policy making (8, 10).	5
Thus, the content of the best journals is dominated by prolific author contributions not only because established scholars will (voluntarily) submit their best papers to these journals, but also because the younger scholars who publish in these journals are highly likely to become prolific in the future.	5
As a marker of quality, the mean IF for each country was calculated using the number of articles and journal IF.	3
However, this study reveals that manuscript submissions are insensitive to APCs, suggesting that publishers are able to easily raise APCs.	5
It shows that all recent DSM versions exhibit a similar citation cascading pattern, which is characterized by a strong replacement effect between two successive versions.	4
As can be seen in Table 8, most of the dimensions of the proposed ranking model are also used in at least some of the existing international models.	5
This article aims to help diminish this problem by offering a scientific indicator that measures cultural diversity in academic texts.	1
The purpose of this study was to identify personality, contextual, and knowledge variables among researchers that influenced the utilization of such reasoning strategies in professional decision-making.	1
The imputed scores were distributed as follows: Cost-Effectiveness session holistic rating-1; Health Economics session disaggregated rating-1; Mental Health session disaggregated rating?1; Mental Health session holistic rating-2; Pharmacoeconomics session holistic rating-2; Technology/ Outcomes session holistic rating-1.	0
The new Norwegian system for calculation of publication credits is examined.	1
This paper uses bibliometric techniques to conceptualize library and information science according to the information use of students, instead of the information use of researchers.	1
Based on the ESI discipline classification, this paper measures the knowledge diffusion from the library and information science to other disciplines over the last 24 years using indicators in four dimensions: breadth, intensity, speed and theme of knowledge diffusion.	1
Among the T100 articles, 69 were clinical research, 25 were basic science, 21 were reviews, 5 were meta-analyses and 3 were clinical guidelines.	4
The proposed approach aims to understand how scientific research evolves and gets re-organized when a technological change process is taking place.	1
Nonparametric statistics were used to analyze differences in h-index values, and regression models were used to assess the ability of the editorial board member's h-index to predict their journal's impact factor (IF).	3
Primary investigators receiving National Institutes of Health (NIH) awards from Fiscal Years 2011–2013 were organized by academic rank, terminal degree, and their h index, as calculated from the Scopus database.	2
This paper focuses on the Spanish university system (SUS) during the 2005–2020 period, [12].	2
The number of career development awards to departments of psychiatry (round marker) also increased during this time with slope = 2.38 and significantly differed from zero (95% CI 0.97–3.79; p=0.005).	4
Currently, it would cost $51 million to make all conservation science published since 2000 freely available by paying the open access fees currently levied to authors.	4
Manuscripts sent to the Turk J Phys Med Rehab during the study period were retrospectively scanned, and the rejected manuscripts were selected.	2
The accuracy of any instructions, formulae, and drug doses should be independently verified with primary sources.	0
Therefore, the present study aims to investigate the hot topics and publication trends in the Web of Science category of linguistics or language & linguistics (shortened as linguistics in later references) with bibliometric methods.	1
Drawing on theoretical discussions bridging the concept of affect and the Foucauldian concept of government, we argue that affects can be mobilised as a technology of government in governing scientific practice.	1
This process forms a chain of knowledge flow, whereby knowledge flows from cited references to citing publications via citations.	0
The increase of documents published by researchers from Ibero-America in BMA has been remarkable, with 51,082 documents published from 1996 to 2017.	4
It is submitted that there is no perfect indicator of quality, and that no evaluation system will ever convince every legal scholar in the world of its value.	5
14 These cut-off points 21 and 22 relate to probabilities which we define, and are different to the cut-off points (K) found by the regression.	0
This process yielded a total of 413,565 publications that were incorporated into the faculty career data set.	2
The analysis of the privately owned companies is parallel to that of the IT companies.	0
In this paper we present and discuss the results of six enquiries into the first author's academic writing over the last 50 years.	1
The de-identified interview transcripts were then analysed thematically (Braun & Clarke, 2006; Patton, 1990).	3
Among the 182 preprints cited, 124 were published in a peer-reviewed journal, with 51 (41.1%) before the citing article was published online and 73 (58.9%) later.	4
No country showed a statistically significant negative trend in the number of publications in the study timeframe.	0
The journals in this study were selected from JCR categories that might be expected, on the basis of median cited years (cited half-lives), either not to adhere to the trend of increasing use of older literature or to do so only weakly.	5
Most studies published were performed at academic institutions (65,83 %), only 4,16% at private practices.	4
The dataset we used in the study includes papers published up to 2014, which includes more than 2 million papers, 8 million citations, and 1.7 million authors.	2
Adapted from: Institute for the Study of Aging & The Alzheimer's Drug Discovery Foundation (2008), Finkbeiner (2010), and Ministry of Commerce & Industry Task Force (2008)	0
The finding that nearly a quarter of the top 20 journals are open-access journals is of note given that the South African policy environment does not require or encourage open access.	4
Main factorial axis of the CFA of a matrix (18 disciplines × 12 years) for three individual countries (Sweden, Australia, and Spain).	0
Based on the nearest-neighbor-matching principle proposed by Furman et al.	2
Based on Scopus journal articles from 1996–2018, the largest apparent consortium has 755 articles and 3,927 consortia have at least three articles, totaling 31,340 papers.	4
In this study, we aim to assess the progress in Jordan's research output and openness over a 10-year period, in terms of total number of publications each year, number of publications in open-access journals, and international co-authors collaboration.	1
This study examined how multiple attributes of knowledge that are embedded in a heterogeneous network mutually interact with each other to influence knowledge popularity.	5
* Department of Medical Oncology, Tom Baker Cancer Centre, University of Calgary, Calgary, AB.	0
For comparison, 37 of 40 regular revisions (93%) (without assistance) were accepted for publication during the same period.	4
Moreover, a cluster analysis of co-citation network of references divided the publications into 18 main clusters among which “Discrete choice modelling”, “Traffic equilibrium model” and “Congestion pricing", "Driving behavior”, “Safety”, and “Activity scheduling” were found to be the most dominating areas in the field.	4
We find that researchers prefer to use the newly published papers on Web of Science.	5
To test this hypothesis, the top-page URLs of all journals (Suppl.	3
It describes a mathematical rationale for such randomization.	1
Utilizing co-authorship as a metric for collaboration and examining publications sourced from the Scopus database, the research delineates the nuanced dynamics of Cuban international scientific collaboration over the span of 122 years.	3
The official website of the Lasker Prize (https://laskerfoundation.org) is the most authoritative data source which has recorded the name, year of award, and the institutions of the winners.	2
* Genetic Engineering News is published by Mary Ann Liebert Inc.	0
RQ1: Does the average age at the time of the grant differ by grant level (early vs.	1
The Asian school is still very far away from the Western standards although China, Japan, Taiwan and South Korea are increasing very much in the last years.	5
In total, 14 researchers (47%) considered non-mainstream journals as a step towards publishing in mainstream journals.	4
Mature interdisciplinary topics mainly formed from the internal core knowledge in LIS stimulated by external disciplinary knowledge, while promising interdisciplinary topics are still at the stage of internalizing and absorbing the knowledge of other disciplines.	5
Engagement with open access has increased significantly, while perceptions of open access have remained relatively stable between 2013 and 2018.	4
To account for the impact of the scientific collaboration, we employed social network analysis, constructed the co-authorship network of the researchers and measured the structural network properties.	3
Various classifications are obtained, and then compared with each other, with the original ASJC Scopus journal classification, and with the AAC (Author's Assignation Collection) classification of a previous study (álvarez-Llorente et al., álvarez-Llorente et al., Profesional de la Información, 2023) in which the papers' corresponding authors assign them the most appropriate categories.	3
There is good correlation between the number of researchers in the top institutes per country and both number of publications and number of completed reviews.	4
This work was supported in part by National Science Foundation Grant SBE-0915005 to C.T.B.	0
Fifteen original papers, i.e., research-related scientific manuscripts describing, analysing and discussing experimental trials and case studies were selected from each journal, totalling sixty papers, all of which were published in 2012.	2
These findings underscore the need for the development of more sustainable funding models to ensure the success of Diamond OA journals.	5
Although MGF and most other previous studies base citation counts on the Web of Science Social Science Citation Index (SSCI),1 we opted to base ours on Google Scholar, which identifies citations to books as well as journal articles and other types of material.	3
Lowell Goldsmith of the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry for providing helpful discussions of issues raised by the data.	0
The keyword plus analysis is a new search capability, which can provide new ideas and avenues to help analyze the research trend (Eugene 1990).	3
To do so, publication data of top 10 journals of the "Information Science & Library Science" were selected and extracted from Scopus.	2
For finding the promising regions, the ranking algorithm explained in Section 2 was applied to rank the scholars according to their relevance along all of the required skills (lines 1-17 in the pseudo code).	3
The data were obtained from the official website of IJO, Editor IJO monthly email, and PubMed.	2
This trend could be attributed to the de-spatialisation of scientific knowledge and the de-centralisation of scientific infrastructure in the digital age, along with geopolitical forces and migration policies aimed at retaining NLs.	5
The data were collected from the Web of Science Citation Indexes (WoS) and Faculty Opinions.	2
Search fields topic (TS) and title (TI) were used for retrieving records, and topic terms to search the following fields within a record: Title, Abstract, Author Keywords, and Keywords Plus?.	2
Global research collaborations were mainly within developed countries.	4
Choropleth mapping was performed using Tableau 10.5 for Windows (Available at: http://www.tableau.com).	3
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp	0
The thematic structure of ER publications was deciphered using bibliographic coupling analysis.	3
This coincides with the enactment of a new university law that, among other aspects, encourages research in Peru.	5
Two of these criticisms fail to take account of the data I was working with.	2
All 21,603 publications from 1945 to 2018 were retrieved from Web of Science and analyzed regarding geographical distribution of scientific output and international research cooperation.	2
After examining our own positionality and approach to this article, we turn to critical gaps in justice, equity, diversity, and inclusion efforts in publishing, highlighting in particular the ways this impacts career development, accessibility, knowledge dissemination, and community sustainability.	3
Conflict of interest The author has no competing interests to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
Pre-graduate research provides a conducive environment for medical students to engage in scientific research.	5
In section “Literature review”, the main literature addressing the issues of researcher's production is surveyed.	0
Most of the retractions in developing countries were due to scientific misconduct.	5
From the 696 scholars, the 300 top-ranked persons (43%) were identified after imposing several exclusion rules.	2
All the graphics were built using ggplot2 package in R except the three network visualizations (Figs.	3
This investigation builds on the theoretical distinction between impact (e.g., citation counts) and creative quality (e.g., originality) and extends recent work on using objective measures to assess the originality of scientific publications.	1
Now let us consider what will be the number of publications if we use with the “Document search" option and "Affiliation" as the search criterion (Fig.	3
Unfortunately, the file does not contain information on the date each article went "live" - only that the article is "live" on the date the data were downloaded (which, in my case, was 10/19/2018).	0
Further, the results show that Indian research institutions' websites have not been able to attract foreign visitors given the calibre and reputation of these institutions.	4
The results of our research suggest that an increase of only 1 citation leads to small changes in the JIF in most journals, and therefore the effect on journal rankings within JCR groups is, in general, not very large.	5
Individuals who are located closely together are perceived by citing (and nonciting) authors in a similar way.	0
This study examined four features of titles, namely, title length, punctuation usage, structure, and content information, with a corpus comprising 1600 titles of research articles (RAs) from top journals and doctoral dissertations (DDs) from prestigious universities across four soft and hard science disciplines.	1
We conducted a Pearson's chi-square test to assess associations between citation sentiment, methodological quality, and reason for retraction, and one-way ANOVAs to investigate association between time, methodological quality, and citation sentiment.	3
1 presents the distribution of lifetime citations of sleepers and of papers in the reference groups.	0
In other words, nearly 76% of the online “visits” to our preprints ended with the (free) download of the full study.	4
This article thus addresses several overlapping issues that provide difficulties for researchers in the field of counting tables and graphs.	1
An early draft was read before the second annual meeting of the Society for the Social Studies of Science, Boston, 1977.	0
This agent-based model was validated by using large-scale citation data (37 million articles and 770 million citations), presuming that scholars would distribute funding similarly to how they distribute citations, namely to those peers who do valuable, high-quality research.	2
Furthermore, we interpret the distances among terms with multidimensional scaling.	3
Based on geographic, linguistic, and economic factors, how do UIG relationships develop in international scientific collaboration?	1
The interviews suggest that a framework of exchange can be used as an approach to explain the underlying dynamics of collaboration.	4
Without prompting, scientists juxtaposed the experience of performing research under these conditions with that of performing research funded by mainstream grants: fun and less fun.	4
The paper is organized as follows: "Literature review" section explores and discusses the previous literature.	0
As of now, there is still no consensus regarding the value of the damping factor in citation networks [7].	0
The reason for the lack of checking is that the intention to link is viewed as more important than whether there was a typo in the URL or if the target had disappeared.	0
This article is the developed version of the report 'Indepth Evaluation on National Creative R&D Program (Ryu, 2012)'.	0
From this restricted set, a citation database depicting the citing relations between the journal publications is formed and relative citation scores based on full and fractional counting are calculated for the whole period.	3
From a global perspective, the scientific research community has responded to the major public health emergencies rapidly and timely, which is reflected in the emergence of a large number of relevant publications in the year of the outbreak.	5
We argue that this could be an important component of a new industry-wide three-tiered system: 1) PSPR (Table 1); 2) TPR, but preferably using a double-blind review and with at least three experts whose identities are revealed after the paper is accepted and published; and 3) PPPR, which could be open-ended but would require a platform that could somehow screen out bias and redundancy.	3
In this study, we separately use abstract and full-text (title and abstract are not included in full-text) of these 32,454 papers to conduct proposed topic modeling research.	2
Each article selected for authorship coding was submitted to Web of Science to obtain the number of times that each of these articles had been cited since publication.	2
However, collaboration and productivity levels are much dependent on the disciplinary area, resource availability (including funding, special equipment, Internet availability and time), personal factors such as academic qualification and region of study, motivation for collaboration and institutional processes and support.	5
In conclusion, KSA is ranked fortieth in the world, fourth in the Middle East in clinical neuroscience research during the period 1996-2014.	5
However, the study has many limitations, and some exploration needs to be carried out in future research.	0
We study the evolution of citation counts in three JCR subject categories: Mathematics, Economics, and Biochemistry & Molecular Biology.	2
On average 71.4% citations are the non-retracted citations and 28.6% citations are retracted citations which are mostly the self-citations.	4
Instead, to characterize scientific impact, we address two analogous questions asked by many scientific researchers: “How will my h-index evolve over time, and which of my previously or newly published papers will contribute to it?”	1
Pampouille (INRA-Direction of Information and Communication) for their collaboration in validation processes and anonymous referees for helpful comments.	0
Further, 60.8% of researchers do not self-archive their work even when it is free and in keeping with journal policy.	4
4 The curious reader may start from the obvious place—Wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peer_ review_failure, retrieved on 10 Jan 2013 - for an amusing tale about trapezia.	0
Another objective is to compare research topics from the last published papers with research topics identified in accounting journal scopes.	1
While review papers may introduce bias, they can also help bridge the weak links and show a trend towards integration.	5
The data was collected from ISI web of knowledge (available at isiknowledge.com) by searching the articles in the nine journals.	2
Preliminary results from Google Scholar, using traditional citations, found non-dataset publications to be the most frequently cited titles from NCHS and the Census Bureau.	5
We acknowledge, too, that the competition for large grants, with a success rate of 20% of applicants, is a broader sieve than the competition for fellowships, with a 10% success rate.	0
All funding amounts are expressed in 2018 dollars using the Biomedical Research and Development Price Index (BRDPI).	2
We determined the level of accessibility for the research articles published in each journal by manually scanning every issue published between 1 January 2000 and 31 December 2013 or from the first issue of the journal if that postdated 2000.	3
The search strategy that was applied to retrieve publications in informetrics is shown in Figure 1, in both English and Spanish, both in singular and plural.	3
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
From the 572,153 papers (articles and reviews) indexed in the Web of Science Microbiology category (1900-2017), a total of 645 highly cited papers were detected.	2
If we compare the impact indicators of Spanish gold OA output with other European countries, we observe that Spain shows one of the poorest performances (figure 3).	4
We find that acceptance rates reduced over time for all journals.	4
Present study confirms the weak correlation levels observed between TLH and other indicators in previous studies and contributes additional evidence that print holdings can moderately reflect research, educational and online impact of books consistently more efficient than eholdings and total holdings across fields and over time, except for Mendeley for which eholdings slightly prevailed.	4
This study can technically be categorized as a reference study because the total count included all references to a given work, whether they appeared in footnotes, endnotes, or in subsequent in-text references.	3
The general audience of the journal may get a broad idea about the kind of research published in the journal and its progress over time.	5
In this study, I have argued that scientometric data and indicators direct the transformation process of science systems in MENA.	5
The ten base journals used in Linton and Thongpapanl (2004) in alphabetical order are: IEEE Transactions on Engineering Management (IEEM), International Journal of Technology Management (ITJM), Journal of Engineering and Technology Management (JETM), Journal of Product Innovation Management (JPIM), R&D Management (RDM), Research Policy (RP), Research-Technology Management (RTM), Technological Analysis and Strategic Management (TASM), Technological Forecasting and Social Change (TFSC), and Technovation (TVN).	2
A list of all document types can be found on ISI websites.	0
With respect to collaboration through coauthorship, our results indicate that men publish far more single-authored papers than women.	5
The direction of this association, however, cannot be ascertained via the current results; the popular media might capably perceive the most impactful scientific research to report upon, or the popular media attention might cause an increase in subsequent scientific impact.	5
These interviews were conducted between August 2021 and May 2023.	3
This system aims to know the “fates” of manuscripts, creating pooled data that benefit the academic journal world.	1
The primary data source used was a preexisting, curated EndNote library of institutional publications.	2
The ordinate axis of the distribution of PI correlates with the variable SCI (r = 0.839, p = 0.000).	4
Misidentification of funding agency is also a crucial problem for Scopus to solve.	5
For more detailed information about the editorial board information, please refer to (Ni & Ding, 2010).	0
The main goal has been to identify the journal's leading actors in terms of documents, journals, authors, universities and countries.	5
Responses were on a scale of 0–100, with 0 as not at all strong, relevant, or likely and 100 as extremely strong, relevant, or likely.	3
This explains discrepancies in numbers of researchers and CVs between Sections 4 and 5.	0
In total, we retrieved 143,152 articles from 2001 to 2010, including the authors, title, keywords, abstract and citations as sample data for our study.	2
Vicente is a professor of engineering at the University of Toronto.	0
In the logistic regression analysis, having a CNCI ≥ 2 was significantly associated with research funding (public institution-funded and industry-funded) and publication in A or B rank journals of the SIGAPS category [research funding: Estimate 2.169, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.153–4.083, p = 0.016; SIGAPS category A/B: Estimate 6.126, 95% CI 3.889–9.651, p < 0.001].	4
In this study, “international academic awards" are defined as those awards established to recognize the outstanding academic achievements of internationally renowned scholars and scientists, and conferred to individuals generally regardless of nationality, race, gender, age, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, presence of disabilities, language, and political affiliation.	1
I also calculated the contribution of each citing journal to a rolling JIF obtained with the approach used by Dorta-González and Dorta-González (2013).	3
High-impact articles are more inclined to show lognormal-type citation curves, especially in high-science.	4
I conducted a descriptive analysis and identified retention trends.	3
To conduct our analysis, we use a previously under-explored data on university research spending and knowledge production covering the 96 leading research universities from 1981 to 1996.	2
First, we searched the theses belonging to biomedical field under the query "biomed*" in the core collection of the website called the Web of Science.	2
We contacted all recipients but only 18 agreed to be interviewed.	2
Therefore, we use BM25 to calculate scientific documents’ textual similarity.	3
J. Scott Long and several reviewers provided very helpful comments on earlier versions of this article.	0
Received: 11 October 2020 / Accepted: 4 January 2021 / Published online: 25 January 2021	0
Before proceeding with this work, it is beneficial to define the scope of open scholarship in the context of this paper.	0
The questionnaire was constructed using the online survey software SurveyMonkey.	3
The aims of this study were to investigate the researchers' opinions and perceptions regarding what they considered to be research misconduct, their experience with such misconduct, and the factors that contribute to research misconduct.	1
Using these data, we run ordinary least squares regressions of the form: (1) ln(VIEWit) = a + ?*RANKit + Xitd + Pt+ Eit	3
The informal knowledge entities were extracted from the abstracts of scholarly publications in PubMed and codified by the calculation of string similarity in our previous study (Yang et al., 2022c).	2
In total, 727 articles published between 2000 and 2013 were selected for inclusion from 39 peer-reviewed mono-lingual (English) journals.	2
Term-field structures are modeled using the method of graphosemantic modeling, thanks to which it is possible to present data as a system where each of its components is hierarchically and topologically definite relative to the other components and to the system as a whole.	3
Received 25 January 2006; received in revised form 4 July 2007; accepted 30 January 2008	0
There was a wide discipline distribution of sample teams, including science (chemistry, physics, biology, etc.), engineering (chemical engineering, biological engineering, computing engineering, etc.), agronomy (agriculture, agricultural informatics, etc.); medicine (pharmaceutical, pharmacology, clinical medicine, etc.); economics (macroeconomics, microeconomics, industrial economics, etc.); management (marketing, management science and engineering, electronic commerce, etc.).	2
In total there were 1444 responses, which, although lower than last year's total of 3211 and the previous year's 3112, still provided a statistically robust quantity to base our findings on.	2
This output has been maintained by cutting back on other competing activities in the last few years.	5
We triangulated the interview data with the corpus of articles to further validate our inquiry into predatory publishing practices, a symbol of violence in Pakistan.	3
We collected information about their knowledge of English and the ways in which they wrote their articles to be submitted to periodicals published in English.	2
IS&LS and Journal Citation Reports (JCR) data for 2002–2012 were gathered for 88 journals.	2
Finally, results suggest that the majority of tenure-track staff (93%) do not have sufficient research skills to supervise Ph.D.	4
To this set, we add Slovenia—the richest new EU member state with a history of communism—and Croatia, so that the analysis covers both of the post-Yugoslav economies that are now in the EU.	2
This bibliometric analysis demonstrates that WPS research area is quite young, though growing at an exponential rate, with 22 articles published in WPS, in social science in 2013.	5
This paper proposes how global innovation networks can be investigated and empirically demonstrated.	1
The level of collaboration is positively correlated to impact rs = .337, p = .001.	4
This suggests that the form of engagement of users with the publications is similar for both journal and conference papers, although with some differences, with the usage counts of conference papers being more strongly associated with citations without the mediation of readership.	5
The expected results will demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed methodology indicating the main researchers, temporal behavior of research group’s scientific collaboration, the alignment between scholars’ research focus, and their patterns of collaboration, as well as the temporal cohesion of the research group.	5
We found support for Hypothesis 1b (Model 2), as review quality has a significant moderating effect on the relationship between publishing time and perceived justifiability (β = 0.41, p < 0.01).	4
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted reuse, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Webster's 10th Collegiate Dictionary defines the word duplicate as meaning “identical," whereas editors frequently use the term much more broadly when referring to manuscripts.	0
Combining the results about the economics & business, accounting, and physics disciplines, a country's scientific capability is different in different disciplines, but the USA, the UK, and Canada have great advantages in all three disciplines.	5
RQ3: Assuming some normative minimally meaningful difference among impact factors, how many journals—if any—lie within the spaces that preclude meaningful distinction between the quartile classes?	1
Seven top-tier and peer-reviewed hospitality-related journals were selected: Cornell Hospitality Quarterly, International Journal of Contemporary Hospitality Management, International Journal of Hospitality and Tourism Administration, International Journal of Hospitality Management, Journal of Hospitality Marketing and Management, Journal of Hospitality and Tourism Management, and Journal of Hospitality & Tourism Research.	2
The aim of this research was to evaluate the frequency of self-citation by an author or a journal among the Medical Journals of KPK.	1
The study indicates that the shortest time delay occurred in the discipline of chemistry and IJC-A outperformed all other journals with respect to ED and TD.	5
We computed three citation metrics (the h-index, the g-index and the hg-index).	3
The study is intended to evaluate the growth and development of online e-theses repositories in Asia within the broader framework of open access.	1
Prognosticated and real values for |I| in fragments of classical logic (B20); (a) from 1932; (b) from 1962	0
The purpose of this study was to examine trends in duplicate publication in Korean medical articles indexed in the KoreaMed database from 2004 to 2009, before and after a campaign against scientific misconduct launched by the Korean Association of Medical Journal Editors in 2006.	1
The distributions of MeSH and KW Plus terms were found to behave differently.	5
Unless a major shift occurs that changes the gender makeup of the Computer Science community, the authorship gender gap will likely persist for a long time.	5
We categorize the variants of h-index according to which drawbacks they overcome and simply introduce their definitions with histograms.	3
Evidence of variations and innovations from the most reported decision-making approaches, including proportionate peer review, number of decision-points, virtual committee meetings and sandpits (interactive workshop).	4
Descriptive statistics were used to analyze the open access publication rate.	3
We executed two field experiments in two separate grant-funding opportunities at a leading research university, mobilizing 369 evaluators from seven universities to evaluate 97 projects, resulting in 761 proposal-evaluation pairs and more than $250,000 in awards.	2
But from the point of view of reproducibility of the results and their interpretation this can also be seen as problematic.	0
The ratio citations per paper of journals with more than 10 published papers was higher in Science (C/A = 242.2), followed by Lancet (C/A = 225.3) and Nature (C/A = 223.2).	4
To avoid this failure, we propose and exemplify new time-dependent indices hT, gT, kT, hT, kT and hTkT.	1
Dr Michael Dinges is at Joanneum Research - Institute of Technology and Regional Policy, Haus der Forschung, Sensengasse 1, 1090 Vienna, Austria.	0
The top 100 cited articles were selected and analyzed by 2 independent investigators.	3
Similarly, the geometric JIF (called gJIF henceforth) was calculated in the same way except for the use of the geometric mean instead of the arithmetic mean.	3
In this paper, we first review some existing guidelines for authorship and their applicability to CS.	1
The method is demonstrated by ranking research groups in Physics, Applied Physics/Condensed Matter/Materials Science and Optics in the leading institutions in Mexico, the results show that the understanding of the scientific performance of an institution changes with a more careful account for the unit of analysis used in the assessment.	1
In order to assess the collaboration behavior of professors in the dataset, we analyze the nature of co-authorships, adopting the taxonomy described in Abramo et al.	3
The visualization of authorship collaboration networks and co-occurrence networks of keywords was prepared using the bibliometric network visualization tool VOSviewer.	3
The findings and observations contained in this paper are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of supporting agencies.	0
Firstly, we generate up to 48 bibliometric-based grades for each journal based on the grade distribution implied by the ABDC.	3
Journals supported by the CIUP have made progress in raising their journal impact factor (JIF) values and perform better in terms of JIF values.	4
In conclusion, two linear regression equations were constructed between ISSN/10 thousand people and GDP per capita (the second taking into account statistical outliers for data for Luxembourg and Ireland) with moderate values of the correlation coefficient, which indirectly confirms the Constancy Hypothesis (McCombs, 1972; Scripps, 1965), as we show in the last subsection.	5
Purpose: To evaluate and compare the characteristics of top-cited articles with those of top Altmetric articles related to nuclear medicine (NM).	1
In all, 77 books authored by 28 UCLA scholars in Chinese Studies were obtained from WorldCat; the other 27 scholars had not produced any monograph related to Chinese Studies.	2
Social media metrics and readership counts, associated with 500,216 publications and their citation data from the Web of Science database, were collected from Altmetric.com and Mendeley.	2
We would like to acknowledge that these metrics do not necessarily reflect the quality of the research produced or the excellence of researchers, as it will vary from one discipline to another.	0
To do that, the ITS research themes were organized in a strategic diagram (Figure 1b) and a thematic evolution map (Figure 1c).	3
The aim of this study is to determine the sub-disciplinary differences of obsolescence on a larger scale allowing for differences over time as well.	1
6, finally, we matched negatively cited articles to objectively cited control articles using the coarsened exact matching procedure (28).	3
The method described here can help to estimate the educational impact of monographs inside academia based on their mentions in online academic syllabi.	5
For this aim, we adopt a generalized extreme value distribution (GEV) to take into account the particular distribution of this index, which is highly skewed and heavy-tailed.	3
The most cited paper of the journal was published in 1984 by Christian Gronroos on service quality and its implications for marketing; it currently has more than 1,800 citations, which is a very high number of citations for the area of marketing.	4
All authors have read and approved the submitted version of the manuscript.	0
ECRs think OA publishing is a good idea, but they do not practice what they believe, unless mandated to do so and, even then, not all abide by them - depositing papers in IRs is a case in point.	5
Some output and impact measures show greater gains for white and Asian researchers relative to under-represented minorities and for men relative to women.	4
This case study demonstrated that the publishers included in this analysis appeared as if they were operated by similar team or person.	5
While investigating the question of whether health research funding organizations have paid corresponding attention to the diseases with the highest burden in China and the UK, we directly used titles and abstracts of funding projects as the research object, and adopted the Medical Text Indexer (MTI) produced by the National Library of Medicine (NLM).	3
First, co-occurrence data representing collaborations among nations were extracted from author affiliations.	3
As a second main goal, it is the case study of the categories of medicine and environmental sciences.	1
A total of 1171 documents were found from authors in 129 countries from 1975 to 2022.	2
Utilizing the following question protocol adapted from Bosch, Hernandez, Pericas, Doti, and Marusic (2012), we conducted a thorough content analysis of the information collected:	3
To conduct intradisciplinary comparisons, the journals were grouped into thematic clusters, in each of which leader journals were identified with the highest (top ten) values of one of the indicators.	3
We find that hybrid, multi-institution and persevering communities are more likely to improve state-of-the-art performance, which becomes a watershed for many community members.	4
We can note the emergence of similar patterns for the three metrics used, which reflect the relative positioning of the FC researchers in terms of their scientific output.	4
The study confirms the thesis of Fassin (2022); contrary to the case of the major scientific fields, it is not the leading universities in the world that were instrumental in the development of bibliometrics towards a new scientific field.	5
Who are the influential research constituents (authors, articles, journals, institutions, and countries)?	1
For other sleep journals, the association between researchers' views and impact factors are less cohesive.	5
Region-specific socioeconomic parameters (gross domestic product (GDP), population, health expenditure, number of health establishments, %GDP allocated for research and development (R&D), and number of R&D personnel) were sourced from official government reports under the Philippine Statistics Authority [21,22] and the Compendium of Science and Technology [23].	2
The 24 journals are classified into six categories based on their disciplines: business administration, management science, marketing, accounting, finance and information science.	2
One can argue their merits, but two things are clear: rankings fill a strong consumer demand, and they are not going away any time soon.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Is it surprising that co-authored articles would be superior to single-authored articles?	0
This content downloaded from 128.122.230.148 on Wed, 20 Jan 2016 18:06:21 UTC	0
The publication data related to 54 individuals who received their doctoral degrees in 1995 and produced 196 items during the 1991–2000 period including 46 publications derived from their dissertations is presented below.	0
Based on the results, the authors believe that in the most recent decade the most popular research topics in the LIS journals are closely related to Social Media, Data, Web, Information Retrieval, Information Literacy, Students, Evaluation, Collaboration, Knowledge Management, User Studies, and Information Management; while the authors are attempted but more cautious about drawing conclusions on the research topics of government-related or digital libraries.	5
the proportions of individuals who have collaborated internationally and the degree of international collaboration, and then GDCI-indicators are presented in multivariate analyses.	0
Our data collection approach involved co-creating the instrument together with this expert network to allow them the opportunity to articulate what they felt was important in depicting SSH impact.	3
For the rest of the journals, the subjective rankings and impact factors did not correspond as much.	4
Learning Sciences, The University of Texas at Austin, Mail code G2100, Austin, TX 78713, USA	0
When the dependent variable is the h-index or g-index, we follow Inanc and Tuncer (2011), who used the h-index to measure research productivity and impact, and employ a negative binomial model.	3
reference publication year spectroscopy proved to be an accurate method which was able to identify most of the historical roots.	5
Type of contents submitted to the IRs in university libraries in Nigeria and South Africa.	0
Almost all quotations were of medium (76 % [95 % CI: 70 %; 81 %]) or high (20 % [15 %, 25 %]) importance for the message of the quoting paper.	4
In our baseline example we use the recursive impact factor (RIF) as the index of journal quality.	2
The top 15 most productive world institutions involved in date palm research have published 13 and more papers each during 2000–11.	4
[15] and to perform an updated descriptive analysis to identify the current implications of these articles.	1
The frontrunner physical sciences is 3.724 times more interdisciplinary than health science, 2.492 times more than social sciences and humanities, and 1.625 times more than life sciences.	4
In particular, this study examines the impact of publication in EPP using citation analysis on specific attributes of each article published from 2000 until 2012.	1
The main objective of this paper is to explore altmetrics evaluation characteristics of highly-cited academic books in the field of humanities & social sciences in China and explore the differences between altmetrics evaluation and traditional citations evaluation, as well as the differences of citations and altmetrics indicators across disciplines and years.	1
This study shows that it is possible to gain valuable insights into the uses of OA books by collating and analysing usage and social media data.	4
The NewQis platform is an international project that uses classical scientometric tools together with new visualization techniques such as density-equalizing calculations to visualize research activity and quality of research for benchmarking processes.	3
Conflict of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
This is a shift from 2009 data with a considerable increase in funding of trainees by 19% and assistant professors by 10% and a decrease in funding of associate professors by 5% and professors by 10%.	4
To identify trends in the characteristics and quality of radiological animal research, data between 1994, 2004, and 2014 were compared using the chi-square test.	3
However, it is surprising that academics have limited knowledge of many of the important concepts used in open access, although they are highly aware of open access.	5
It is the opinion of the authors that the SE community should pay more attention to the impact of papers versus their quantity, which was put nicely by David Parnas as “Stop the numbers game” (Parnas 2007).	5
This dichotomy within social sciences is a result of the fact that these fields are more than other social science fields oriented towards national topics and, consequently, to national journals and national language.	5
Here, we use US patent records dating from 1790 to 2010 to formally characterize invention as a combinatorial process.	2
E Dilip de Silva is Professor of Organic Chemistry, University of Colombo, Colombo 3, Sri Lanka; e-mail: dilip@chem.cmb.ac.lk	0
We investigated academic developmental trends in emergency medicine (EM) by analyzing the performance of EM journals.	1
The existing research results show that the bibliometric analysis of a journal can find out a lot of valuable information, and this kind of study is of great significance.	5
To answer this question, the funding agencies need to assess the (future) relative importance of all scientific fields.	1
In this work we aim at comparing different models to explicitly incorporate researcher productivity into latent variable models for the estimation of researcher performance capacity.	1
The percentage of total retracted publications or retracted publications because of misconduct per 10,000 PubMed publications was calculated, dividing the total number of retracted publications or the number or retracted publications because of misconduct by the total number of publications in PubMed for the study period.	3
We used Wald tests (B/standard error for Ho: B = 0) to test the statistical significance of the parameters.	0
Based on this consideration, we opted for using the 13 other universities that were eligible to compete in the 2006–2007 Zukunftskonzepte contest because of their success in the funding lines for clusters of excellence and graduate schools.	2
Two operators (N.D., R.M.R.) independently categorized whether each title was ‘declarative' or not (i.e., 'indicative').	3
It uses bibliographic and content analysis as well as other tools to synthesize around 8000 scholarly publications on the Balkans – Southeast Europe that are indexed in the Web of Science databases (SSCI, A&HCI, ESCI, BKCI-SSH).	2
Overall, 318 reviewer participants filled out the survey, and an analysis of their responses broadly confirmed the practical value of the scale.	2
There are, however, permanent debates on the appropriateness of GF for characterizing the measure of impact of information published in journals (Gl?nzel & Moed, 2002).	0
2School of Politics and International Relations, Queen Mary University of London, London, UK	0
A Kruskal-Wallis one-way analysis of variance test was used to check for significant evidence of differing distributions of citations for different numbers of authors.	3
We thank Steven Hill for helping us with the data and for several illuminating discussions.	0
This study operates with a selection of journals in three categories: General science journals, general medical journals and specialized medical journals (see Table 1).	2
This research is primarily based on qualitative case studies in two Chinese universities.	3
Undoubtedly, there is the largest collaboration network in the discipline of economics (72,104 authors), because in CSSCI most of the literature deals with economics, which reflects the important role of economics in Chinese humanities and social sciences in a sense.	4
The WoS citation data contains 63,092,643 unique articles published in 65,045 journals2 with 953,967,411 citations over 40 years from 1981 to 2020.	2
Yet, the joint computation of propensity with respect to social and semantic features reveals that, in the case of repeated interactions (d = 1), semantic homophily plays a much weaker role.	4
Applicability was not assessed, as it is not an inclusion criterion according to our design.	0
The geography of publications makes it possible to assess V.N.	3
We show that the proposed method is in fact able to capture two fundamental aspects of interdisciplinary research: intrinsic multidisciplinarity (i.e.	4
The response rate was 27% (245/908) with the prevalence of perceived, International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE)-defined, and unperceived honorary authorship of 20.9% (50/239), 60% (147/245), and 46.9% (115/245), respectively.	4
How the configuration of openness, domestic ties, and foreign ties of an institution affects its knowledge creation is examined in egocentric networks.	1
Pan in the experimental field of quantum entanglement, and further demonstrate the strength of their affiliated institutions (Univ.	5
Article promotion in the TrendMD Network likely conferred the observed citation advantage by direct and indirect means.	5
The R-index of X is defined as the square root of the sum of all coordinates up to and including the one with index h(X).	3
In this study we use data about peer-reviewed publications from 2013 to 2016 that we collected from national databases in the Czech Republic (RIV), Poland (PBN), Slovakia (CREP?), Flanders (VABB-SHW), and Norway (NSI).	2
However, over the 5-year period proposed in this study, interdisciplinary journals tend to be far more stable than specialized ones.	4
The author declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0307-4803.htm	0
The number refers to the sections of the guide (see main text).	0
Rather, Eigenfactor is (as discussed earlier) one of a family of network centrality measures.	5
Additional publication patterns that were quantified included elapsed time between graduation and publication, number of co-authors on articles, and the number of citations received by articles authored by master's students vs.	1
Our own institution, the Lebanese American University (LAU), is an ideal query for this investigation.	2
The distributions of ?10 for all the years considered appear to collapse onto a single shape (Fig.	4
The study also found that the four commercial databases indexed current DOAJ content at a much higher rate than content that was no longer listed in the DOAJ.	4
First, the four indices, ordered by total number of papers indexed, across all provinces, are the Science Citation Index (SCI), Chinese Science Citation Database (CSCD), Chinese Social Science Citation Index (CSSCI), and Social Science Citation Index (SSCI).	4
Initially the rise in the number of Indian publications is slow.	4
Using a set of 11 top OM journals for the years 1985–2010, we identified 14,526 OM articles, published by 14,800 unique authors affiliated with 1762 different institutions located in 90 different countries.	2
We have illustrated the use of such method in the frame of the evolution of the calmodulin field, but this approach may be used in any field and may help answering other questions such the ranking of different scientific institutes in a given scientific domain.	5
To address this, our study aimed to explore and build understanding on researchers' experiences of funding processes, in particular what researchers perceive as requiring unnecessary time and effort when applying for and obtaining funding and/or fulfilling reporting requirements for any UK health and social care research funding between January 2018 and June 2021, and finally, the potential negative consequences of the perceived unnecessary bureaucracy on research time and researchers' well-being.	1
The papers considered in this study referred to the top sleeping papers in science ordered by the Beauty coefficient (Ke et al. 2015).	2
1274 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—December 2001	0
This was a helpful clarification though it ignored Bradford's 'nucleus' and so was incomplete.	0
The analysis draws on publications counts, and co-authorship and cross-citation network analysis using a thematic approach.	3
While the meritocracy-driven reliance on quantitative measures of scientific output, without doubt, will lead to the appointment of scientists with strong CVs, it may, as supported by the results presented in this article, at the same time prevent many equally good – or in the long run potentially better – female researchers from proving their worth.	5
A 'major research output' encompassed any scientific or technological outcome, i.e., 'model/method development, molecular mechanisms and/or disease mechanisms' (categorised as "basic/applied research" related projects), 'patents, 'diagnosis,diagnostic tools, 'drug development, testing and/or repurposing', 'drugs, treatments and/or medical devices', 'clinical trials, 'patient stratification', 'life-style and/or, prevention, 'nutrition, 'imaging, 'biomarkers, 'computational, 'chip' (organ or tissue chip), and ‘nano-technologies.	3
Different cluster analysis alternatives were applied in two steps and cluster hierarchies or joining (single linkage, complete linkage, average linkage, and Ward method) with different distances (Euclidean distance, Squared Euclidean distance, and mean Euclidean distance).	3
We used data collected in the framework of six completed research evaluations from the period 2009–2014 at the University of Antwerp as a test case.	2
My second proposal is that we should consider an approach that would be more impactful and self-regulating in determining the number of papers an individual authored.	3
However, because of the problem that mastering more than 40 variants is difficult and time-consuming, we need an intuitional and quick method by which we can present these indicators for evaluators and those even with little knowledge regarding to h-type indicators.	1
In contrast, the average internationality of the post-Bologna Ph.D.	4
We start with 12 indicators to build a few composite indicators by factor analysis.	3
6 What library collection and liaison implications do these results have?	1
For that purpose, we extend the one-one comparison of elements from the two sets to a group-group comparison re-sampled from the two sets, and show that the group-group comparison might lead to a higher reliability probability.	3
They found trivial to moderate associations between, on the one hand, early-career publication performance in terms of number of produced publications and proportions of publications in high Journal Impact Factor (JIF) journals, and on the other hand, late-career publication performance in terms of total and mean number of citations (Bornmann & Williams, 2017).	4
It is important to note that the model was fed with the data of the collaboration network for each year as an initial condition.	2
This shows that, contrary to what sometimes seems to be claimed (e.g., Van Raan, 1998), random effects on citations need not cancel out.	5
Quite simply, given the global nature of the challenges of biodiversity conservation, excluding voices—and particularly voices from countries that frequently are those holding the richest biodiversity—does not seem to be a beneficial or equitable path to take, and we do not wish to see Diversity and Distributions make such a change.	5
Between 1977 (volume 1) and 2023 (volume 47), a total of n = 4,785 items were published in JAT; the top-ten most highly cited articles and the most prolific authors were identified.	2
In conclusion, the core journals all belong to the field of library and information science.	5
As noted above we exclude self-citations from our data to eliminate any bias due to greater self-citation by men.	2
To assign each article to a distinct journal impact tier we first ranked the articles based on journal impact factor for the year 2012, as reported in the ISI Journal Citation Reports [9].	3
The numbers of citations are rising sharply from 2007 to 2010.	4
China is the most productive and influential country.	4
This article looks at the effects of a national policy of research prioritization in the years following Ireland's economic crisis.	1
In addition, a principal component analysis (PCA, with varimax rotation) was carried out in order to visually represent in a bidimensional space the relationships between each of the three studied dimensions.	3
Our initial data set consists of all papers which are included in the F1000Prime set of publications.	2
Numbers in parentheses are the expected frequency of the chi-square test.	0
Such errors are typically related to data collection and include, for example, delays in the update of the database of papers that is used to calculate them, and linguistic homonyms, which may bias citation counts.	0
The knowledge-testing part of each questionnaire included questions about predatory journals, their model of publishing, and Beall's List.	3
A similarity comparison is made between 120 journals from five allied Web of Science disciplines (Communication, Computer Science-Information Systems, Education & Educational Research, Information Science & Library Science, Management) and a more distant discipline (Geology) across three time periods using a novel method called citing discipline analysis that relies on the frequency distribution of Web of Science Research Areas for citing articles.	1
Received 29 February 2024; Received in revised form 24 August 2024; Accepted 28 August 2024	0
Our results fit the “leaky pipeline” hypothesis in political science, which suggests that women get fewer professorships because they are less likely to stay in academia long enough to reach the advanced career stages that lead to a professorship [8: 59, 11, 63: 87].	5
Understanding the intersection of government information and nursing research should inform future practice in evidence-based nursing research and nursing education.	5
In the educational context, clear trends are seen towards increasing technology use, replacing more traditional teaching-learning processes.	5
NamSor was used to determine the author's gender with ≥60% acceptance threshold.	3
In summary, the observations suggest that barriers for mobile and non-national scientists depend on a contextual definition of performance (e.g., performing the teaching function implies proficiency of the local language) and on homophily mechanisms.	5
Overall, Twitter was the platform with the most shares among these articles (n = 8,990 shares), and the most shares came from members of the public (n = 7,028, 80%), followed by scientists (n = 796, 9%), practitioners (n = 546, 6%), and science communicators (n = 157, 2%), as shown in Table 8.	4
To explore our research question and test our hypotheses, we gathered data on a population of foreign researchers working in universities or public research centers in Italy and Portugal between 2006 and 2007.	2
This was confirmed by a number of interviews with librarians and funders.	0
The majority of respondents were from Peru (62.9%), followed by Ecuador (13.8%), Colombia (10.6%), Bolivia (7.1%), and other countries (5.6%).	2
RQ1: How do researchers on an interdisciplinary team navigate team dynamics to achieve collaborative research goals?	1
The citation rate of around 12 citations per paper is high, but lower than Costa Rica's which is 18 (Monge-Nájera & Ho, 2012).	4
Collaboration with industry is evidenced by the presence of at least one private company in the address list of publications authored by the professors in the dataset.	3
The 50 most cited articles to date were published between 1951 and 2007 (Table 2), with the majority being published between 1990 and 1999 (n = 29).	4
This article documents the process and outcome of a collaborative project, conducted by librarians in the Triangle Research Libraries Network (TRLN), to develop a local cost-per-cited-reference (CPCR) metric to evaluate ejournal packages and to apply that metric to the evaluation of a consortial Big Deal.	1
surveymonkey.com (see online supplementary file) was sent anonymously to 9283 corresponding authors of articles published in different biomedical journals in PubMed.	2
While we do not definitively identify the treated and control samples given the empirical challenge of effectively controlling for underlying student quality, our findings point to the importance of higher education institutional characteristics, support, and reputation as mediators of emerging researcher funding receipt.	5
A confirmatory approach using structural equation models (SEM) analysis was used where theoretical and empirical models were built to test the hypothesis.	3
Amsterdamska, Dimensions of citation analysis, Science, Technology and Human Values 15(3) (1990) 305-335.	0
The groups of assessors found, overall, that the reference was Central for 9 % of assessed citing research articles and Important for 10 % of assessed citing reviews.	4
A bibliometric method was used to obtain a view of the scientific production in field of glaucoma by data extracted from the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) from 1993 to 2013.	2
To identify such a core set of leading journals in the OB and HRM area for our study, we first reviewed the Financial Times list of 40 leading business journals used to rank research productivity of business schools (Karen 2004).	2
The peer review of practice is also incompatible with the management dogma of modern higher education.	5
Bibliometric data have been obtained from the publication database supporting the Norwegian funding model2 and from Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS) Web of Science (WoS) citation database..	2
Note that the H-index (Hirsch 2005) is a method for measuring the quality of a set of papers.	3
These results suggest that elite scientists find it costly to disrupt the social networks of their children during adolescence and take these costs into account when making career decisions.	5
A total of 1944 articles were included; of which, 27.5% presented collaboration between countries.	2
Thus, our study suggests that Scopus has a higher inter-rater reliability for measuring h-index when compared to WoS.	5
This is an open-access article, free of all copyright, and may be freely reproduced, distributed, transmitted, modified, built upon, or otherwise used by anyone for any lawful purpose.	0
The binary variable is analysed using standard logistic models for binary dependent variables, but we present marginal effects at the means so that the coefficients ?, can be interpreted as the effect of a one-unit increase in x?	3
It also provides an extension to the case of heterogeneous populations and a self-contained explanation of the method and its properties.	5
We conducted in-depth interviews with 65 faculty researchers from universities in the United States, taking care to be as representative as possible of disciplines, academic ranks, geography, and demographic characteristics.	3
The subject areas was Economics (3950 articles), accounting for 46.55 %, followed distantly by the Business Finance (1744 articles, 20.55 %) and Political Science (793 articles, 9.34 %).	4
In total, 33,683 papers were included in the analysis.	2
The findings of the study may aid academics and library professionals in identifying research trends, collaboration networks and evaluating other academic and research institutions by using the current advancement in data analysis.	5
Wiley's Edifix service (available at https://edifix.com) uses the PubMed, Crossref (Crossmark and updated titles), and RW databases to detect and report on retracted items (Edifix, 2023).	2
VOSviewer software (version 1.6.17) was used to create visualization maps.	3
The purpose here is to find the correlation between economic parameters and publication performance at the country level for Europe and cluster the countries according to the chemical disciplines and related fields.	1
Double-map overlay (Figure 12) is a bibliometric visualization technique used to analyze and display relationships between scientific fields or disciplines [79].	3
Funding acknowledgement text (FT), funding agency (FO), and funding grant number (FG) are used to fully depict the disclosure of funding information in WoS and Scopus.	3
The RAMs are grouped in four distinct classes that include impact factor, mean citations, and non-citations, journal policy, number of high quality articles, journal influence, and article influence.	3
This study used sequential explanatory mixed methods research.	3
In this context, we have applied the double reference point method in order to evaluate the performance of HEIs.	5
The data comprise items published from 2019 to 2021, ultimately including 21,331 journal-year observations.	2
We then employ empirical methods to test several hypotheses that are commonly used to analyze the structure of co-authorship.	3
The study provides further research directions for OGD field researchers, and it is also conducive to researchers' interdisciplinary practice and international cooperation.	5
We aimed to evaluate the evolution of extreme publishing behavior across countries and scientific fields during 2000–2022.	1
The study was designed to explore the hypothesis that collaboration was a key characteristic of Cuban science to maintain their scientific capacity during a period of economic restrictions and an important feature of Cuban science policy and practice for the benefit of society.	1
The results show that PLOS ONE has experienced an enormous development.	4
The overall ECE of the B&R region increased from 9.61 Gt (2.72 t per capita) in 1992 to 33.62 Gt (6.79 t per capita) in 2020, marking a growth of 2.5 times (Fig.	4
Hence, the present study aims to further advance the research on the best similarity measures.	1
For this aim, we used sampling techniques in order to build a simple random sample with a 90% confidence level, which requires a minimum sample size of 271 articles.	3
Catalysis, which are not the journals with the highest impact factors of the category.	4
This study analyzes the new version of CiteScore.	1
We show inconsistencies in the levelling of publishers, such as cases where the same publisher is ranked as prestigious and not-so-prestigious in different states or within the same country in consequent years.	4
The bold numbers represent the number of points an institution obtained in each classification.	0
In conclusion, while a strong bias remains in favor of highly citable areas, multidisciplinary journals are progressively increasing their degree of multidisciplinarity in recent years.	5
To be specific, we utilize paper citation network to calculate the out-degree centrality value of all references of a paper.	3
This study enriches and improves basic theoretical issues and indicators composition of academic journals' discourse power, provides theoretical support for the construction of academic journals' discourse power evaluation system, and provides ideas for the evaluation practice activities.	5
To investigate the issue, we decided to use our blogging platform.	3
The contribution of co-publishing is much higher than that of single publishing, and it has a higher number of citations and displays.	4
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
This article studies El Salvador, the smallest and most densely populated of Central American countries, which was greatly affected by a civil war that ended in 1992.	1
This work aims at analysing the growth of the Technology Analysis & Strategic Management (TASM) over the last thirty-one (31) years through a bibliometric method.	1
We focus on percentage changes in expected counts in the interpretation of the models (Long and Freese 2014).	0
There were 814 manuscripts from AJSM? and 650 from Arthroscopy?.	2
To measure research, we use a wide variety of alternative measures of output commonly used in the economics literature on research evaluation.	3
These countries were selected to better understand research governance in middle-income countries in the region, with Qatar serving as a high-income comparison in the Gulf.	2
This imbalance introduced by the author-date-system thereby diminishes the equal visibility of all author contributions.	4
The results suggest that in all areas GS citation data is essentially a superset of WoS and Scopus, with substantial extra coverage.	5
The specificity of the forecast situation is that, despite small quantitative changes in the global rankings, the WCU market will move to a new quality: the absolute hegemony of the United States in this field will end, approximate parity with Europe will be established, and Asia will turn into a full-fledged player, gradually catching up with its advanced competitors.	5
Due to the skewed distribution of link-based metrics, Spearman's rho correlations [41] were used to measure the strength of association between citation-based and online-based metrics (RO2).	3
Using Ovid Medline, we identified articles published between 2009-2017.	2
We found that participants significantly preferred long over short titles, titles containing colons over the absence of a colon, and titles phrased as questions.	4
Table 1 lists the 22 subject areas covered by Scopus data collected for the SCImago Institutions Ranking, which is the basis for the web application.	2
In particular, we focus on return mobility and ask: Is career advancement positively associated with return mobility, among mobile researchers?	1
Bibliometric analysis is a method for quantifying the research productivity, author performance, and manuscript impact.	3
To determine content validity, structural validity, construct validity and reliability of an internet-based questionnaire designed for assessment of publication pressure experienced by medical scientists.	3
4 gender attributions per source paper in our sample, 1.16% of all attributions of single female authors turn out to be incorrect, whereas the rate for males is .04%.	4
Results show that WR mainly deals with the recovery of basic, widely used raw materials like water and fertile soil.	4
Over the past decade, the number of the articles published has increased year by year to reach 866 in total, which accounts for about 58% of all publications, with 2017 being the most prolific year when 179 articles were published.	4
This study investigates two research questions: (1) How does the female ratio in a team influence its publication's disruptive performance?	1
The results suggest that the domain of anti-doping exhibits fairplay conditions or a “healthy” ecosystem, where no gender bias against female authors can be detected.	5
We employed Rao-Stirling diversity index (Rao 1982; Stirling 1994, 2007).	3
Therefore, taking the field of natural language processing (NLP) as an example, this article proposes a complete method to conduct the identification, distribution, and evolution of motivations for mentioning algorithms at the sentence level.	1
The top source was 'Clinical Nutrition' with 19 articles published between 1998 and 2023.	4
The data was analysed using the Microsoft Excel spread sheet.	3
Downloaded from http://adc.bmj.com/ on May 3, 2015 - Published by group.bmj.com	0
Data gathered included the Altmetric Attention Score (attention), Mendeley Readership Score (readership), and citations per article.	2
We thank Fei-Yue Wang and Daniel Zeng for their advice and guidance in this research.	0
To compare the share of documents and some of the most relevant citation indicators by different quartile journals in the 25 selected research areas, the following items were analyzed.	3
One exception was Advances in Consumer Research, which we included in both lists according to Zinkhan, Roth, and Saxton (1992).	0
Qualitative analysis found no evidence that channel use was influenced by user groups or the state of users' Internet infrastructure; nor was any effect on channel use found for either the language or the subjects of the monographs.	4
Six of the most productive authors (authors 12, 3, 8, 24, 6, and 10) published over half of their papers in Spanish journals, reflecting a clear national orientation with regard to the dissemination of their research activities.	4
Table 8 presents the results of the Granger causality analysis following the Dumitrescu and Hurlin [103] Granger-causality test for panel data, since our variables may be integrated at different orders.	3
We adopt Least Square Dummy Variables (LSDV) method for empirical tests.	3
The features are emphasized because we use a non linear transformation of the data, through information concepts, having their usefulness demonstrated in many other fields [26].	5
First, how does the doctoral mentor's role interact with postdoctoral international mobility in postdocs' obtaining of cumulative advantages?	1
RQ4: Given the topology of the Yugoslav domain as represented by the set of hyperlinks between its Websites, as well as the archived color palettes of those Websites, and considering the incompleteness of Web archives, can we infer the color schemes of those Websites whose images were not archived?	1
The gap in the academic impact of articles by single academics and by single practitioners is not large; this is inconsistent with our original hypothesis.	5
Using an R API (Application Programming Interface) for PLoS ONE, 776,465 records were downloaded on August 24, 2018.	2
In the next step, I checked the correctness of the citation data for any uncited original articles and reviews.	3
First, we found that the proportion of English-written papers was less than 10% and non-Korean authors were below 1%, ever since JKAN had been indexed in SCI (E).	5
The final aim is to create a tool allowing users to choose the performance indicators of their interest and providing them with a personalised ranking according to their interests.	1
A method for the madness: An international survey of health professions education authors' journal choice 165	0
Mean prices per journal were used to equilibrate membership and subscription discounts.	3
These findings hold across all fields analysed, still the economists relied more on productivity measures than the cardiologists and the physicists.	4
This number was lower than that was expected from a “small world” network.	5
A Pearson's correlation between average authorship and impact factors for 47 journals published in 2013 (see Fig 7), showed a perfect positive association (R = 1, P<0.001).	4
Acknowledgements This work was supported by the Project of Philosophy and Social Science in Zhejiang (No.	0
We examined the number of awards to physician scientists in departments of psychiatry and placed them in the context of awards to other departments and departments of psychiatry overall.	1
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=uhej20	0
Data analysis was done using Excel's CORREL function.	3
To explore the knowledge diffusion breadth of LIS, we adopt the field diffusion breadth (FDB) proposed by Liu and Rousseau (2010).	3
This decay can be described by an exponential or a power law behavior, as in ultradiffusive processes, with exponential fitting better than power law for the majority of cases.	4
Table 1 provides the matrix of citation relations among eight biochemistry journals provided by Price (1981b), at p.59): Z = [Zij].	2
Since this classification plays a significant role in the evaluation of the Mendeley data, in this study only those papers are included which were published after 2011.	2
By focusing on Ghana, the study provides unique insights into how researchers in a developing country perceive the benefits and challenges of OA, how they become aware of OA journals, and what factors influence their decision to publish in OA journals.	1
1 Evolution of scientific research in the field of cocaine toxicity	0
We rank all these names by their total citation counts by each method.	0
We utilize data from a survey of Australian-based social scientists.	2
We are also grateful to the two anonymous reviewers for their valuable comments and suggestions.	0
The data collected was analysed using grounded theory, which induces theories from data rather than testing hypotheses or existing data.	3
It analyses data created by SCImago Research Group, linking PATSTAT's scientific non-patent references (SNPRs) to source documents indexed in Scopus.	2
Furthermore, retracted papers are significantly more viewed and downloaded in comparison to their contemporary counterparts.	4
Overall, the state of OA publishing in anthropology remains limited; around 64 per cent of the journals (coded 0–2) in our data set were non-transparent about publishing options, were subscription based, or follow a hybrid model (Figure 1).	4
On the one hand, in general, articles funded by both the public and private sectors present the best impact, as well as the highest number of authors and organisations.	4
With only one exception (see Results), a quantitative “CJA” score was utilized to calculate the minimal requirement for FAP in every medical school analyzed.	3
The data set was downloaded from PME's Editorial Manager system on August 24, 2020 as an Excel spreadsheet.	2
Acknowledgments I am grateful to Klaus Krippendorff for his further specification of the algorithm for the computation of maximum entropies in the case of ternary interaction terms.	0
The proposed model is validated using historical data from the SCImago portal.	5
We study in detail the profile of the titular members of the most prestigious academic institution of Brazil, the Brazilian Academy of Sciences (ABC).	1
These results help tutors to in part understand the quality of their postgraduates, and contribute to the evaluation of postgraduate education.	5
Having as its point of departure the results of the 2002 study, the present study focuses on the development of dynamic and innovative environments by revisiting them after more than a decade, hence mapping their path towards the present position in the 2015 research landscape.	1
2 How are documents classified by MeSH and KW Plus terms?	1
Automatic assignment showed that students who published before graduation tended to have a greater mean citation impact.	4
The number of citations to published works was also calculated by using the citation function of the same software.	3
The most important shortcoming of the h-index I think is its inability to discriminate between authors that publish alone or in small groups versus those authors whose papers have usually many coauthors.	4
The comments of a referee have been very useful in improving the presentation of a previous version of the paper.	0
Universities might be best served by focusing their efforts and resources on what they do best, not what is being measured by U.S.	5
Academic staff members at six UK higher learning institutions – Cranfield University, Durham University, Imperial College London, University of Dundee, University of East Anglia, and the University of Manchester – participated in a 2011 survey of scholarly reading of articles, books, and other publications.	2
This section proposes a U/N model with two methods, which were adapted from the original FCAE investigated by Trueba and Guerrero (2004), Tscharntke et al.	3
We recruited a sample of 3353 first-movers as the treatment group and 4650 late-comers as the four control groups.	2
The rate at which institutional repositories have grown in number has been very fast in recent years, but the population of repositories with research has been relatively slow.	4
The most accurate results are obtained with a rules-based model and use of the C5.0 algorithm.	4
Finally, it was concluded that the protagonists actors in the promotion of scientific divulgation strategies are public universities, because they have the democratization of access to knowledge as a social commitment.	5
Those changes depend on economical and political evolutions both at a local and a global level.	5
This paper is a focused study on how to alleviate ranking bias by leveraging the heterogeneous network structure of the literature collection.	1
As philosophers of science, mathematicians and artists, working in an academic environment, we are challenged to deal with current practices, and to provide some ideas to further discuss and investigate.	5
Questions of definition and measurement continue to constrain a consensus on the measurement of interdisciplinarity.	1
School of Information Management, Sun Yat-sen University, Waihuan East Road, Panyu District, Guangzhou 510006, Guangdong, China	0
Two pieces of software were needed for this study: one was required to identify and collate the bibliographic data and the other was required to complete clustering analysis.	0
The causes of the retracted publications were determined according to retraction notices provided by the journals in which they were published.	3
a network with links established only among nodes belonging to distinct groups.	3
The narrow aspects of such studies, whether concerning research activity or impact, are not directly accessible.	0
We thank James Evans for his initial input and guidance, Vincent Larivière for support with data, Thyge Ryom Enggaard, Roberta Sinatra, and Rob Kitchin for their valuable suggestions, discussions, and comments, and the Copenhagen Center for Social Data Science (SODAS) for financial support.	0
The results of the cross-sectional analysis indicated that the correlations between the amount of change in these complexities suggested the possibility of induction in the knowledge structure by the collaboration structure.	4
Almost two thirds of highly cited articles on periodontology topics were reported in periodontology journals.	4
This study has focused on OA journals in health and medical science of African origin as an extension of such studies.	1
The study concludes that even though research has been formally structured and organized, the management of research has not yet been professionalized.	4
During July and August of 2018, we conducted 17 interviews using the interview guide included as appendix 1.	2
To explore this possibility, we turn to betweenness centrality100,101.	3
After selecting the OA journals, these were analyzed using the descriptions on their content page and key words chosen from each contribution.	3
The table clearly shows the USA at the top (28.1%), which publishes nearly three times as many articles as the UK, in second spot (11.7%).	4
The article presents an introduction to a newly created scientometric portal called Indian Science Reports, available at www.indianscience.net.	1
TC = Total Citation; AAC = Average Article Citations; SCP = Single Country Publication; MCP = Multiple Country Publication.	0
In this article, we use Cramér's V because it provides a value of the association between zero and one, and also tests for significance.	3
An important element of the ranking stability is the discriminability of impact measures.	5
The Fruchterman-Reingold forced-directed algorithm was used to define the network layout.	3
This was done using a Joining Tree Cluster Analysis from the sofware Statistica 7, comparing the weighted pair-group average using euclidean distance and computing a matrix from this distances .	3
The publications by UCT authors in these five journals make up 19.69% of the total relative proportion of all UCT articles published.	4
This study has approached key academics gatekeepers who make the decisions about paper acceptance versus rejection, that is, editors and members of the editorial boards of seven high-impact tourism journals.	2
Notably, disruptive innovation demonstrates a compelling promotional impact on visibility within Twitter and Blogs.	4
As noted earlier, simply adding up all publications unfairly favors large departments.	3
As the goal of this study is to compare dynamics across fields of science, we employ a moderation-based approach (Hair et al., 2014; Hayes, 2017; Kline, 2016), by treating the field of science as a moderator between the organizational features and research agendas, thus allowing us to determine how these dynamics vary by field.	3
The second covers all disciplines and categorises papers by keywords based on their contents.	0
Self-citations accounted for only 12% of these citations.	4
There are 343 policy items for China, issued by state and government entities including the Standing Committee of the People's Congress, the legislature; the State Council, the executive; the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Commerce, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Education and other ministries that form the State Council; and non-cabinet departments and agencies.	2
Bibliographic coupling uses the number of references shared by two documents as a measure of similarity among them.	3
The term specialization used in this manuscript is related to the attitude of a journal to contain the knowledge base of a single discipline and to help address future research in that discipline.	1
The remaining sections are structured as follows: Section 2 provides an overview of the related work, Section 3 introduces the data and methodology employed in this study, Section 4 presents the results and analysis, and finally, Section 5 offers the conclusions and suggestions for future research.	0
For finding the ability of new approach to retrieve unexplored paths or to highlight different papers over Liu-Lu approach, an indicator namely, uniqueness index is proposed.	3
Chubin, School of Social Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332.	0
Our preprint dataset is derived from the same dataset presented in version 1 of Fraser and colleagues [11].	2
Focusing on Filipino international migration scholarship, I examine 392 journal articles from 1989 to 2018, and track the first authors' ethnicity, institutional affiliation, and university where they received their PhD.	1
The lack of e-book content that meets the needs of North American academic libraries is a shared concern among East Asian Studies librarians collecting books from East Asian countries and regions and vendors wishing to expand their North American market shares.	4
This divergence is more the case for the Social Sciences than for the Humanities.	4
The results presented in the paper provide insights for the design of research programs and the structure of research funding and for the behavior and strategies of research and sponsoring organizations.	5
We use natural language processing methods to construct the measures of research similarity betweenpaper?andpaper.	3
The number of publications on the observed field has become more popular and grown significantly in the last four years, following the increase in interest among various related entities in fish feed production, including the fishery and marine industries, government, and academia, as well as the development of innovative technologies for producing high-quality fish feed.	5
The aim of the present study is to extend the knowledge of the strategic management scientific community by simultaneously analyzing the rich get richer and the fit get richer phenomena in the temporal co-authorship and citation networks of documents published in SMJ to determine the most attractive authors of the discipline.	1
The analyses, based on articles published in journals indexed by Scopus may not capture some national, regional or specialized journals not included in the database.	0
We perform several types of scientometric network analyses, and provide maps displaying inter-citations among journals publishing GH articles, co-authorship among the 292 authors who published 12 or more papers, co-citation analysis of works (articles, books, and reports) cited at least 30 times by the papers in our database, and funding sources since 2008.	3
It has seriously challenged the citation analysis assumptions that citations are of equal contribution and that citation means author endorsement of previous literatures.	5
Date of publication xxxx 00, 0000, date of current version xxxx 00, 0000.	0
First, unlike Scopus and Google Scholar's h-index (which does not consider the journal of publication), our R?	5
Lead articles are consistent indicators of higher quality as shown by higher citations from published articles in ISI-listed journals, the top four finance journals and from all sources included in GS.	5
We find that while overall commenting rates are low, and have declined since 2010, there is substantial variation across different PLOS titles.	4
A database of ISSNs and names of journals in Beall's list is built using a web scrapping algorithm.	2
We also constructed the 1-mode bibliographic network (also called coauthorship or collaboration network) N r-r (‘researcher-researcher’ network) from N P-r.	3
We hence conclude that, contrary to the claim of the authors of the letter, the evaluation of concordance has been performed on a sample that is fully representative of the original population of articles to be evaluated.	5
We find that the rankings of APS authors obtained using SARA and using the proposed method have a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.77 (99% confidence level).	4
To obtain the final cluster solutions of each hybrid similarity matrix, we decided to employ the Louvain method as described in Blondel et al.	3
A general picture of international collaboration among researchers from the EE countries is that it seems to have been boosted recently, as can be seen by comparing the situation in 2000 and 2011.	5
Based on the theory of evaluation science, discourse power theory and communication theory, first, this article discusses the basic issues of the discourse power evaluation for academic journals.	1
The cluster analysis of the intermediate literatures has revealed that "unconnected" literature partners can be visualized as "close neighbours" (Figures 3 – 5, 7 – 11).	0
A comparison of different data in the same year shows that the Research Results category had the highest originality index in most years, whereas the originality index was lowest for the Research Methods.	4
Furthermore, PhD students perceive a significantly greater lack of resources than both postdocs and assistant professors as well as associate and full professors.	4
First, we investigate to what extent individuals' factors (e.g., country, career stage, and field of research) associate with the mobility of male and female researchers.	1
The sample obtained was finally comprised of 7,391 internal units (divided into 7,098 institutions and 293 products), which were represented by 13,800 URLs (13,417 corresponding to institutions and 383 to products).	2
From 2009, the knowledge structure of Al has undergone significant changes.	4
To evaluate research output on Lavender, bibliometrics-a quantitative analysis [6], help in the quantification and measurement of the published knowledge can be used to reveal publication trends on the topic Lavender.	1
This study analyzes USPTO patents in the period 1998-2017.	1
Guided by the principles developed in the organization theory cluster, we identify the basic organizational features of HEP laboratories in relation to their pursuit of narrow and broad epistemic goals.	1
3 Identifying the possible researchable themes/areas about Santalum album?	1
c) How does the trust measured in research question 1 will behave in the next 25 years?	1
The study concluded that the most appropriate way to combat plagiarism is through pedagogy.	5
Beginning with the six-group solution, it can be seen that there are broadly three different levels—management and marketing, which are over 30 per paper; economics, and finance and accounting, which are between 15 and 30, and the rest that are below 15.	4
To test differences between Reviewer 2 and other reviewers, we estimated a separate linear regression for each of the outcomes (ie, 5 separate regression models with outcomes including: number of words, negative phrases, positive phrases, question marks, and word “please”) with a binary variable for Reviewer 2 (key independent variable).	3
What is the research productivity of Chinese and US LIS schools, and are researchers from Chinese LIS schools more likely to publish papers in journals indexed in WoS than in those indexed only in Scopus?	1
31Such measures may be related to experience (e.g., more experienced researchers may be more connected than researchers fresh from graduate school), and thus these measures may be capturing some the experience effects we observe.	0
More importantly, the number of citations to articles by “cover authors" is significantly higher than for non-cover authors, when considering either all articles or articles published before the Nature article (columns 1, 2, and 3).	4
The first method calculates and compares the Spearman's correlation between Scopus and Mendeley, CiteULike, Tweeters and Facebook.	3
To assess the accuracy of the MNLCS confidence interval formula and bootstrap confidence intervals for MNCS and MNLCS, the overall research design was to simulate many citation datasets using different discretised lognormal distribution parameters (see Section 2 for a justification of the use of this distribution) and to derive confidence intervals for the mean of a specified subgroup for each sample.	2
That is, many of the non-academic, Asia-Pacific, and European institutions are as good as those in North America in terms of research impact.	5
For example, we consider citations (a quality measure) and centrality (a relevance measure in this context) as distinct, rather than merging them as in Lowry et al.	3
In this paper we present a four decade study of eight engineering journals.	1
Two-dimensional and three-dimensional analyses can exactly provide some useful information for academic journals' location in the respective coordinate systems.	4
Of the 358 individually evaluable citing studies, 92% referenced the retracted article as legitimate work.	4
In this paper, three indicators (APT, TS and Cited by Clin.) were used to evaluate the clinical translation intensity of basic medical research papers published by the world's top scientists in the field of basic medicine, aiming to achieve the following three research objectives:	1
The main analysis is an investigation of the linear regression results and gender proportions, using correlation tests.	3
To prevent the addition of inappropriate papers and metrics to the accounts, the Google Scholar settings were set to require approval from an account administrator before adding new papers to the publication list.	3
Thus, this current study aims to bring the area of natural language processing in social media research into focus by choosing a relevant set of articles from this field; presenting the materials and methods used in detail; and then performing a comprehensive analysis of various perspectives, including sources, authors, an examination of the existing literature, and a summary of the first 10 most cited articles, as well as an investigation of words, universities, and countries, by employing a multitude of graphs, indicators, and visual representations.	1
The four authors included in both tables are Zhang, Y (45/237), Li, Y (54/215), Liu, Y (43/204), and Zhang, J (39/174), given here with the amount of papers they published and the total amount of papers for authors with the same name.	0
1 Department of Library and Information Science, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan	0
Two journals, Quarterly Journal of Economics and Journal of Economic Literature, perform statistically significantly better than all other journals.	4
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
This matrix was used in UCINet to generate symmetrical and valued co-authorship and co-institutions networks.	3
The average international collaboration rate of the second group of countries is higher than that of the first group.	4
What is probably more important is the fact that the collaborations with no non-Africans occurred in disciplines different from those in which non-Africans participated.	4
Time-sliced co-word networks are weighted according to the frequency of terms' co-occurrence.	3
For the years 2013 to 2015, 3,902,547 subscription journals and OA journals articles were indexed in WoS at the time when we extracted the data.	2
Forest Ecology and Management and Annals of Forest Science were the most active journals in publishing research in Mediterranean forest.	4
Morocco and Tunisia demonstrate how competitive calls for proposals influence the scale and structure of research activities.	4
Here, we employ the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) to explore the research connections between Al research and other academic fields through citation patterns.	1
Conclusions: A new pattern of cooperative development of the theory and application in the field of psychological research is forming.	5
This positive research visit effect is weaker for academics who also change jobs, but stronger for inbred aca- demics.	4
Saudi Arabia holds the first place in GCC countries in contribution of world scientific publications in percentage during the period 1996-2013.	4
F1 score by all methods for Field of Research (FoR) feature is 0.94 and 0.96 using small and large subsets, respectively.	4
We find strong institutional differences, with no overlap in significant determinants of funding outcomes.	4
The density of MET is well above those reported in the literature (Acedo et al., 2006), indicating a high level of acquaintance in the academic community.	4
CochraneArmitage trend test was used to analyze the increasing trend of publication number from the 3 countries between 2003 and 2012 and Kruskal-Wallis test was used to compare the numbers published from the 3 countries.	3
To analyse how algorithmic mediation through recommender systems in ResearchGate may uphold biases in scholarly communication, the researchers used the walkthrough method (Light et al., 2018).	3
2019 Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Only one national culture dimension/value was a stable predictor of citation impact: survival versus self-expression values.	5
For computation efficiency in later variations of the AAI, we now define A’ and B’ as binary variables and present an alternative form of Eq.	0
The objectives are to examine (a) prevailing trends over time and (b) the relationship between institutional type, ICT access and use, professional activities and productivity.	1
It is the purpose of the present investigation to raise doubts about this conclusion.	1
The increase rate of ophthalmology papers is slower than that of world papers.	5
Microsoft Academic found more citations than BKCI because it indexes more scholarly publications and combines citations to different editions and chapters.	4
The most important result of this analysis is that the type of model that is applied to attribute costs for APC matters—not for all, but at least for some institutions.	4
We believe that periodic analyses and comparisons of the characteristics of representative spine journals will help to shape the direction of future improvements.	5
As two authoritative bibliometric databases, Scopus and Web of Science are not free of errors.	0
All costs were converted to South African rands (ZAR) using the Google exchange rate calculator on 11 June 2013 (rates: GBP1 = ZAR15.71; USD1 = ZAR10.04; EUR1 = ZAR13.36).	3
This paper examines how the PAP impacted researcher access to the biomedical literature as well as how it impacted publishing patterns in biomedicine.	1
We find that the researcher's scientific profile and connections to the editors in charge are significant predictors of editorship.	4
Please cite this article as: Dees, A.S., A Bibliometric Analysis of the Scholarly Publications of Librarians at the University of Mississippi, 2008-2013, The Journal of Academic Librarianship (2015), http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.acalib.2015.03.019	0
we obtained the number of disciplines involved in each study to measure the diversity of interdisciplinary collaboration from a scientific activity perspective, starting with information on each author's institution.	3
Finally, India, South Korea, Brazil, Taiwan, and Turkey all experienced sustained expansion but a recent fall in relative citation impact.	4
The search com mands we used are as follows: ((TTL/’Pharmaceuticals” OR ABST/"Pharmaceuticals") AND ISD/20110101->20131231); ((TTL/"biosensor” OR ABST/"biosensor”) AND ISD/20110101->20131231).	2
Supporting Georgia CTSA objectives, results suggest the probability of publications connecting multiple research areas increased over time, with substantially greater increases appearing initially as compared to later years.	4
we employ a country-report framework of bibliometric analysis of nanotechnology performance: main actors (institutional and individual), publication outlets, co-authorship patterns, quality of research outputs, geography of research, and the structure of international collaboration (Glanzel 1996; Moed et al.	3
Which disciplines are characterized by intensive international collaboration?	1
A core sub-network of papers with an indegree ≥ 28 was then closely examined.	2
2009 ASIS&T Published online 22 June 2009 in Wiley InterScience (www.interscience.wiley.com).	0
A review paper on the other hand, is a critical evaluation on previous studies on specific fields.	0
A dataset spanning 10 years (2009–2018) from both databases has been developed, which includes more than two million articles and over six million citations.	2
Peaks in the citation history occurred in conjunction with important milestones in the history of adhesive dentistry showing that Sleeping Papers may be used to identify important scientific discoveries and can significant events in the history of a discipline.	5
The performance of the proposed link prediction model was evaluated in comparison with three traditional link prediction methods in terms of AUC, Accuracy, Precision, Recall, and F1.	4
The fitness of the NBMR model obtained in this study was not very high (its adjusted pseudo-R2 was 0.23–0.54 for the expected results when considering that all the explanatory variables used here were “extrinsic” factors that have no direct relation to the quality or content of the articles).	5
This article looks at the latest monitoring, conducted in Spring 2022 from the point of view of its compliance with the principles of responsible research assessment.	1
As at the time of this study, there are 153 universities in Nigeria according to National Universities Commission [27], but only the universities that have a registered open access repository in any of the directories were included in the study.	2
Following this advice, we calculated the indirect Salton's cosine, as described by Van Eck and Waltman (2008).	3
The average of the Diversity Index is 30% higher for translational than “standard” research; the majority (43%) of translational studies show high levels of Diversity, while standard studies show low levels of Diversity (48%).	4
In addition to the questionnaire, this study collected information on academic articles published by faculty members from 2011 to 2021 from the Scopus database.	2
In this paper, we investigate if the CIUP scheme corresponds with citation impact in terms of cited patterns of a target JIF and country of origin of journals in its cited environment.	1
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
In the research councils investigated, performance metrics and increased emphasis on outcomes provide information necessary for organizational governance, and also address external pressures for transparency and accountability.	5
A case study was designed focusing on 762 financed articles with a project of FIS-2012 of the Instituto de Salud Carlos III, the Spanish national health service's main management body for health research.	2
The quantitative evaluation of Social Science and Humanities (SSH) and the investigation of the existing similarities between SSH and Life and Hard Sciences (LHS) represent the forefront of scientometrics research.	1
We address this problem here by defining an easily calculated index based on publicly available citation data (Google Scholar) that corrects for most biases and allows assessors to compare researchers at any stage of their career and from any discipline on the same scale.	1
It is shown that the "Document search" option enables one to obtain substantially more correct results; in this case, the difference is of a few tens of percent.	1
The conditional probability that an IMO gold medalist will become a Fields medalist is 50 times larger than the corresponding probability for a PhD graduate from a top-ten mathematics program.	4
The main purpose of the paper is to quantitatively analyse the output of scientific research and influence disparities between male and female scientists, preliminarily explore the influence of gender disparities on scientific contributions and comprehensively investigate the gender disparities in scientific research activities in terms of the length of author careers, institutions, nationalities and other aspects.	1
Zhenglu Yu1 · Zheng Ma1 · Haiyan Wang1 · Jia Jia1 · Lu Wang1	0
This study has presented two histories of the diffusion of research synthesis methods: one a selective, descriptive textual presentation of important facets of diffusion based on disciplinary narratives, primarily from the health and social sciences; and the second, an illustrated systematic bibliometric overview broadly across science that examines themes that emerged from the historical review: that research synthesis methods were developed at least in part as a response to large quantities of literature; the centrality of EBP to diffusion of the methods; and that research synthesis is especially relevant in more applied fields.	5
The following titles (See example 5–14) serve as illustration of NP coordination in single-unit, two-unit, and three-unit title groups:	0
The keyword co-occurrence network was created using Louvain clustering algorithm with top 50 frequently used keywords.	3
For the estimations, we used a 5-point Likert scale (from 1: very important via 3: neutral to 5: very unimportant) (Likert 1932).	3
In order to eliminate the spurious data, we compiled a list of 1,692 titles of journals that were pertinent to ecology and environmental sciences.	3
137 records published from 2017 to 2019 were retrieved.	2
The majority of participants (84%) agreed on the definition of peer-review report quality we proposed.	4
In terms of technology, ARF's prototype represents an integration of the state-of-the-art technologies in semantic analysis and citation network processing.	5
The United States had the most articles and total citations.	4
Our research demonstrates that the conventional division into journal quartiles may privilege certain disciplinary categories while disadvantaging others.	1
The Center was established by the Ford Foundation to investigate social, economic, and political issues of importance to oceanography.	0
This paper studies the transdisciplinary impact of scientific publications with a longitudinal, comprehensive, and large-scale analysis on the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) dataset.	1
Trend survey data combined with the trend diagram for Trend 44	0
For further robustness tests of winner-nominee comparability, see section A.4 and A.5 in the Online Appendix.	0
* p < 0.10, ** p < 0.05, *** p < 0.01.	0
The kappa score for agreement for the identification of original articles was 0.92 showing an excellent level of agreement.	0
Collaboration among individual authors and countries has become increasingly intensive.	4
This article puts forth a new indicator of emerging technological topics as a tool for addressing challenges inherent in the evaluation of interdisciplinary research.	1
Academic and professional development relies on an extensive publication record, which increases the impetus to collaborate, thereby inflating author lists.	4
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tgis20	0
The vulnerability and adaptation of coastal environments, their resilience after flooding, and ecosystem services function showed increases in interest.	4
Top five producers, their total number of received citations (excluding self citations), and their top ten consumers	0
In this paper we propose a multidimensional 'Quality-Quantity' Composite Index for a group of institutions using bibliometric data, that can be used for ranking and for decision making or policy purposes at the national or regional level.	1
I shall return to the details of these quotes in a moment.	0
19 topics were detected, which can be grouped into four broad areas or themes: processes, information technology, libraries and specific areas of application.	4
The calculated collaborative coefficient (CC) in the field of e-learning showed an almost constant value during these 10-years, and the mean CC (0.17) showed that the coefficient of collaboration was very low in this field.	4
Researchers from the US LIS schools have contributed 17 of the top 1% most highly cited papers during the period 2008–2017, accounting for 1.32% of their total of 1290 WoS papers.	4
Additional journals and countries' indicators were collected from the Web of Science and World Bank websites, respectively.	2
Emerging research topic detection can benefit the research foundations and policy-makers.	1
We examine this question in a novel way, comparing members of the National Academy of Sciences with themselves across years, and using a much larger dataset than previously analyzed.	1
The objective of this study is to find the most productive age of the Taiwanese scholars that can explain why the eligible age for the Columbus Program is set at thirty-eight by NSTC.	1
In this work, we present an advanced deep learning-based technique to improve the search capabilities of an information retrieval system.	1
After determining the number of documents produced by each country, we adjusted the findings for the number of people living with HIV, number of inhabitants, gross domestic product and gross national income per capita.	3
The following publicly available demographic information was obtained: pediatric dermatology certification year, PhD status, prior pediatric residency training, state/region, practice setting, academic appointment, number of publications, and h-index.	2
To the best of our knowledge, the vulnerability we discovered is the first documented manipulation of metadata that does not modify the underlying PDF/HTML article.	5
This is the type of EC conducted by companies such as Amazon.com.	0
The articles above prove that supplement articles from prestigious journals do get well cited.	4
These included abstracts submitted as part of the Canadian Cardiovascular Society, the Canadian Society of Atherosclerosis, Thrombosis, and Vascular Biology, the Canadian Society of Cardiac Surgeons, and the Canadian Pediatric Cardiology Association.	2
Therefore, in what follows, we only discuss the data obtained from our own search.	0
To account for the effects of international research collaboration (depending on the characteristics of the partner) on research team productive capacity and to test the research hypotheses stated, we use zero-inflated negative binomial regression models (ZINB) to predict counts in a highly skewed distribution.	3
In other words, editors are considering themselves as good “oracles” in the task of guessing the opinion of external reviewers about the quality of a manuscript.	1
The time frame was limited to the period between 1900 and 2008.	2
The content analysis resulted in identifying four categories of misconduct issues: advertising approach, types of services, outcome guarantee, and justifying the academic credit.	4
We have designed a Sciento-text framework for a fine-grained analysis and research performance assessment of institutions in different thematic areas.	5
Our basic regression model is given in Eq.	3
The data used in this study was obtained from the Science Citation Index Extended Edition (SCIE) database in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC).	2
The survey link was distributed by the market intelligence team at Springer Nature to their subscribed researchers and research institutions.	2
This study aimed to assess pharmaceutical journals readily accessible to community pharmacists and classify those journals using multiple quality criteria.	1
For illustration, the values for selected Jimp journals in which guidelines and application touch the field of thermal analysis and applied thermodynamics are summarized in Table 1.	0
The statistical software package Stata 12 (http://www.stata.com/) is used in this analysis; in particular, we make heavy use of the Stata commands logit, margins, and marginsplot.	3
The visibility of published articles across individual countries and disciplines is measured by citation records.	3
To begin with, the diagonal value issue should be dealt with.	0
The kids are passionate, they use the archive on a daily basis.	0
Therefore, sixty-six OA journals are selected as research samples.	2
Keywords: science policy; international collaboration; student mobility; scientific publications; coauthored publications	0
the majority of journals are published by institutions funded from public resources	0
I compared correct with incorrect quotations (minor and major errors aggregated) using Chi2- or Mann-Whitney-U-tests.	3
15,000 papers) and a similar number of papers in Biochemistry & Molecular Biology (~14,000).	4
Following the identification of stable clusters via the HCA procedure, a k-means cluster analysis was performed for classification and interpretation.	3
Metrics related to quantity of outputs and citations increased with academic level and career stage.	4
Lastly, with fractional ranking, entities that compare equal are assigned the same rank value which is the mean rank of the ranks that they would have under the ordinal ranking approach.	3
Switzerland emerges as the most internationalized system, with 46% of foreign academic staff, followed by the UK with 24%.	4
Toward this end, we used a sample comprising fellows (N = 143) affiliated with the Society for Social Work and Research (SSWR) and the American Academy of Social Work and Social Welfare (AASWSW).	2
The data used for this study are research papers published in 1980 in the American Physical Society (APS) journals, specifically six journals which were active in 1980: Physical Review A, B, C, D, Physical Review Letter, and Reviews of Modern Physics.	2
Traditional journal citations to articles were obtained from Web of Science.	3
The USA were the most productive country in total number of publications, however, smaller countries were more active in relation to their population size.	5
Received 4 November 2018; Accepted 28 February 2019; Published 1 April 2019	0
Presumably the answer obtained depends on the total number of citations received by the cited paper over its lifetime.	0
We thank M Cherif, F Dargent, G Fussmann, M Pedruski, F Perez-Jvostov, S Portalier, C Tadiri, and Z Taranu for their assistance with data collection, as well as G Fussmann and B McGill for comments on previous drafts of this manuscript.	0
A practical implication of this study is that the same method can be employed to optimize the subject directory of an online portal of a nonprofit agency, museum, government department, archival center, research institute, business firm, university/school, library, or cultural center.	5
The addition of the 6 month citation velocity to the time-independent model significantly reduced the error rate, suggesting that this model (Model 2) would better predict breakthrough publications than the time-independent model (Model 3).	4
As shown in Table 1, this activity led to the selection of 3997 documents from our initial list of 4162 papers published in several top journals, 3848 of which are articles and 149 of which are reviews (a complete list of eligible/excluded articles is provided in supplementary materials).	2
According to the WoS?, a total of 90,751 publications on F&V were published between 2000 and 2009.	4
The second contribution is using these datasets and the clustering approach using grant linkages (Boyack and Klavans 2010) to validate clustering solutions of the common publication dataset contributed by various research groups.	5
To make applying the h(15, 2, 1) and h(10, 3, 0.25) indexes as easy as possible, Table A3 reports the factors that an economist's index would be multiplied by in order to make his or her index comparable to that of someone 23 years post-PhD.	0
The search databases we used for this work were Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI), Conference Proceedings Citation Index—Science (CPCI-S), Conference Proceedings Citation Index—Social Science & Humanities (CPCI-SSH), Book Citation Index—Science (BKCI-S) and Book Citation Index—Social Sciences & Humanities (BKCI-SSH).	2
It is found that academic institutions and mixed academic and industrial institutions produce papers with higher novelty compared to papers from industrial institutions.	4
Hospitals were classified into six groups, based on their administrative status: public teaching hospital, cancer centre, public non-teaching hospital, not-for-profit private hospital, public military hospital, and for-profit private hospital.	3
This work analyzes the differences in collaboration behavior between males and females among a particular type of scholars: top scientists, and as compared to non top scientists.	1
Of all HN fellows entering an academic position, 64% (n = 130) completed their fellowship training at just 10 institutions (Table 3).	4
The stability offered by the grant is one important aspect.	4
I truncated the search to include only documents that were published during 2010–2020.	2
The quantitative methods introduced here find that high-throughput toxicology methods are spread throughout a large and well-connected research community, which suggests high social validation.	4
Bibliometric information and the h-indices for the subjects were computed by four raters using the automatic calculators in WoS and Scopus.	3
editorial board members, the national diversity score (Simpson's D) is calculated to examine the diversity of editors and editorial board members for each journal.	3
There was a difference in impact index for the same period (48 ± 15 vs 22 ± 10; P < 0.01).	4
Our results may be interpreted as early indication that “the” rank of an author may also be inherently imprecise.	5
Such facts indicate that PCR tends to produce academic exchanges based on similar themes, and ABC bears more advantages in predicting potential relations.	5
Collecting and monitoring the download statistics (Table 4) has enabled the Press to look at how widely read the open access titles are, and monitor fluctuations in readership over time.	2
This method is based on the idea that, after eliminating the “silent” scholars, the distribution functions of the main bibliometric parameters of the different academic LHS fields can be superimposed and they collapse into a unique master curve by a single scaling parameter.	3
The relative position of the clusters is in very good agreement with intuition: Nuclear Physics is close to Elementary Particles and fields, the two Condensed Matter clusters are also close, while the General and interdisciplinary sectors are not clearly localized.	4
We examined whether the mean number, or mean proportion of such co-authorships was positively associated with productivity (number of research papers) and impact (h-index, citations per research paper) when gender, author role (i.e., first or corresponding author), and other covariates were considered.	3
The Web of Science classifies academic fields, or in some cases, large subfields, into what it terms subjects.	2
We thank a reviewer for calling our attention to this literature.	0
Spanish HIV research, largely driven by RIS groups, has reached a stage of maturity, with a notable increase in scientific production, participation in international cooperative networks and an outstanding impact and visibility.	5
We accessed the content of 2333 Yugoslav Websites archived between the years 1997–2000.	2
Controlling for substantive contributions, prior scientific accomplishments strongly predict authorship but not inventorship, perhaps because an eminent co-author increases the chances of publication and visibility of a paper.	4
The Tree of Science approach reveals that trending topics are built around five main pillars: innovation systems, policy tools, knowledge management, sustainability, and entrepreneurship.	5
Our argument is that these webinars, intentionally or otherwise, amplify the academic discourse about ‘predatory publishing', generating uncertainty and anxiety about the boundary between 'fake' and 'real' journals, and undermining the fragile academic credibility of African publishing initiatives.	5
This study explores the authors' motivation for mentioning algorithms in academic papers, focusing specifically on the field of NLP.	5
The information of expenditure on research and development (ERD) has been retrieved and calculated from World Development Indicators (The World Bank 2017).	2
The results of the research indicate that JTTM is a leading journal in the marketing field, as well as in tourism, leisure, and hospitality management.	5
The 500 citing articles had cited a total number of 548 JoVE articles.	2
This growth also characterizes the material covered by IHP for most of the period.	0
In an animal model of depression, GABA release was reduced in this pathway.	4
Of note, there was only a single category in the early years of the Momentum program, and therefore these grantees had to be excluded from this analysis.	0
Despite all these, every academic will agree that manuscript rejections are a common occurrence.	0
Results reveal that a GC, characterized by both low density and small size, can still capture a significant percentage (68 per cent) of the top 25 of the most productive authors.	4
Our data also showed that academics from low-income countries employ scholarly piracy services more frequently.	5
We searched EuroPMC, PrePubMed bioRxiv and MedRxiv for preprints submitted by authors affiliated with the top 50 pharmaceutical companies from inception till June 15, 2020.	2
This is done by integrating data from multiple databases to reconstruct the complete journey of each manuscript.	3
Based on the definition of a scientific team as research conducted by 2 to 10 individuals, we eliminated articles with only 1 author and those with more than 10 authors.	2
Collaboration increases with age and has increased over time.	4
Replacing monotonicity by expansion consistency, we characterize the Hirsch-index by only two of Woeginger's axioms.	1
4 that there is a significant heterogeneity in the frequency distributions of different FoR codes.	4
The PGRP files were merged with PhD students' files at Health.	2
From the questionnaire on academic misconduct in this survey, it is evident that some individuals in the medical field lack adequate awareness and understanding of academic misconduct.	5
We used summary statistics including number and percentage to describe the frequency of downloads.	3
A regression model is used to determine the effect of independent variables i.e.	3
We found that the median of collaborator h-indices has a significant and positive effect on the prestige of the institution that hires a faculty.	4
The values associated with ACW increased in the following sequence: SOFC > EIS- manual > CAPITAL > JONATHAN > PRINCE > RABBIT.	4
A star is defined as one who is at or above the 95th percentile of scientists in the cumulative distribution of citations for the relevant subject field received for all publications up to that year.	3
No single database or database pair provided 100 percent complete coverage of the chemical engineering literature examined.	5
Some additional theories relevant to academic tenure include the discussion of “up-or-out" employment settings, where workers either receive a promotion or are let go at some stage.	0
First, we enable the use of social media by linking to Twitter, Facebook, etc.	3
The journals' permissions for self-archiving were classified according to the previous taxonomy used in by SHERPA/ ROMEO directory [10] using a colour coding system: white (self-archiving is not allowed); yellow (pre-print version is permitted); blue (accepted or published version is permitted); green (author's pre-print and post-print versions are allowed).	3
We define the age diversity of a paper based on the academic ages of its co-authors and examine the relationship between age diversity and citation impact using regression analyses.	1
To spot check the scoring, a second reviewer independently scored the major and minor content errors of citations from a random selection of 3 articles from each group.	3
The results reveal that research impact is positively associated with all levels of collaboration metrics.	4
We implement the smart contracts required for our approach on the Ethereum blockchain, which is a public permissionless blockchain network.	3
The WoS database was used to obtain all of the publication and citation counts reported below, and it was also the source of the h-index scores (Hirsch 2005), with two other databases being used to provide external views of the quality of the journals and conference proceedings in which Chinese computer science research is published.	2
The design effects are for univ 1 = 1.3 and univ 2 = 1.42.	0
The 2013 UK House of Commons Business Innovations & Skills (BIS) Committee report (2013) on open access made some observations about the issue of secrecy in the publishing industry, noting the non-disclosure clauses in subscription contracts which prevent subscribers from disclosing the terms and conditions of their arrangements with publishers.	2
Our analysis hinges upon Scopus data spanning a time period of 30 years (1991-2020) and involves a total of 969,835 researchers and 8,412,543 publications.	2
This in-depth qualitative study draws on interviews with researchers and staff at the Montreal Neurological Institute and Hospital during the development of its open science policy.	1
However, we find some evidence that high-productivity researchers could be more likely to benefit from local research characteristics.	4
Received: 20 July 2020 / Accepted: 9 November 2020 / Published online: 17 December 2020	0
The analysis has sought to provide a comprehensive picture of the multidimensional nature of originality with overlapping dimensions such as novelty, significance and relevance.	5
The aim of this study was to explore alternative bibliometric markers to the well established journal impact factor, using the bibliometric evolution of a leading ENT journal (Clinical Otolaryngology) as a measure.	1
Preprint servers such as MedRXiv and BiorXiv are the leading databases where Indian authors have made available their research output.	4
Data for this case study are the university publications of the four types as follows: article, review, letter and note that were published between 2008 and 2012.	2
We found that the transfer function model is better than the other models, and is suitable for calculating the delay between scientific research achievements and technology patents.	5
IJMHS published 158 articles in seven volumes over six years.	4
A total of 7888 publications were found, with the earliest published in 1957.	2
Bone was the most-investigated topic in basic research; the spine was the most-common topic among the identified clinical studies.	4
Mendeley readership counts were accessed during October 19–20, 2019, using DOI searches with the Mendeley API.	2
The aim of this paper was to compare the requirements for appointment as an adjunct professor among medical faculties.	1
A second, mixed-effect model included the journal as a random effect.	3
In what directions can research on coal modeling evolve?	1
The judgmental index for the moderated mediation effect is -0.067 (95% CI [-0.129, -0.021]).	4
Received 6 April 2023; Received in revised form 7 June 2023; Accepted 13 June 2023	0
Between 1990 and 2020, yearly publications on RIRE have risen (Fig.	4
PMCD, PMCC, PMCB) also showed a positive significant correlation, reflecting that structural position of partners of a scholar can affect on her performance and productivity.	5
Among journals in the considered database, ‘Transportation Research Record', and 'Transportation Research, Part A: Policy and Practice', and 'Transportation Research, Series B: Methodological' are the most cited journals.	4
The results of this scientometric study on genomics present a comprehensive overview of the research growth and trends within the field.	5
We utilized the NIH REPORTER website to identify NIH-funded extra- mural investigators who were diverse in terms of career stage and repre- sentative of the NIH-funded population in terms of gender, native language, racial background, type of research, and their institutions' Clinical and Translational Science Award (CTSA) funding status.	2
We used an inductive method of coding in NVivo, as described by Virginia Braun & Victoria Clarke where descriptive codes emerge directly from the data.	3
(4) Involving less achieved academics is an effective way for big teams to stay innovative	4
To test the role that GN capital plays in international success in communication research, we analyzed the career paths of 426 GS authors and set up two hypotheses for empirical test.	1
Q25, Q50, and Q75 are the percentiles, which are the lower quarter, half quarter, and three-quarters, respectively	0
The comparison across clusters shows that in both citation periods the “+Normal” groups present the highest scores (U-Mann-Whitney test p < 0.05).	4
The insights generated by this study suggest bibliometric analysis to be a useful addition to other approaches investigating the trends and concepts of animal welfare.	5
The correlation between centrality measures and research performance was stronger in Malaysia network.	5
To this end, temporal and valued exponential random graph models are used to analyze the formation and strength of ties between 170 countries in the international collaboration network.	3
The common part of the Google Code project URLs (“*code.google.com/p/*") was entered in the "References" field (REF) of the advanced Scopus search option to identify articles citing Google Code projects.	2
We find this uncertainty to be ~0.15 dex, where the underlying distribution is fully consistent with being log-normal.	4
Table 1 shows the number of institutions which are included as datasets for the 17 Scopus subject areas in excellencemapping.net.	4
In detail, co-word analysis is a tool that uses document titles, keywords, abstracts, or full texts (Zupic & ?ater, 2015) to explain the knowledge domain or cognitive structure (B?rner, Chen, & Boyack, 2003) of given disciplines.	3
We collected the following characteristics of each journal from the JCR report: IF, number of publications that were used to calculate the IF of the journal, the total number of citations used to calculate the IF, the number of self-citations that were incorporated in the calculation of the IF (SC), the self-citation rate (SCR) and the corrected IF (IF recalculated without self-citations).	2
The 50 most-cited articles that we identified should be considered influential, although a large gap remains between mainland China and the global orthopaedic community in terms of citations per article.	5
We downloaded all records and number of citations for each paper for each year into spreadsheet software, and manipulated them using Microsoft Excel 2013 [16].	0
From 2002 to 2021 total of 1068 documents, from the contributing 314 different sources with 18379 global citations were found under the topic of organic farming.	2
RQ2) Who plays crucial roles in predatory publishing research?	1
Smith (2010) The Use of Web of Knowledge to Study Publishing and Citation Use for Local Researchers at the Campus Level, Collection Management, 35:2, 69-82, DOI: 10.1080/01462671003597959	0
A set of 862 academic documents relating to social tagging and published from 2005 to 2011 was thus examined using bibliometric analysis as well as the social network analysis technique.	1
This approach shows that trending topics are built around five main pillars: innovation systems, policy tools, knowledge management, sustainability, and entrepreneurship.	4
Thus, we argue that there is no structural determinism in the development of co-authorship in the social work discipline.	5
We found a stratified structure in terms of academic age and bibliometric classes, with a small top class and large middle and bottom classes in all collaboration communities.	4
Using the JCR categories of “Business,” “Business, Finance,” “Economics,” “Industrial Relations & Labor,” and “Management," we identified five high-IF journals and five low-IF journals.	2
* Corresponding author at: Trend Research Centre, Asia University, Taichung 41354, Taiwan.	0
Of the 130 respondents, 84 (64.6%) indicated that they were conducting research; 46 (35.4%) were not.	4
To enable a more granular analysis of how different types of green OA hosts may impact citations, all hosts occurring within the harvested Unpaywall data were manually classified as either “institutional,” “discipline,” “publisher,” or “other” subtypes.	3
List of papers with the highest Twitter and Mendeley activity from Fig.	0
How quickly do library and information science journal articles attract Mendeley readers when first published?	1
NTD publications that included Canadian first authors or co-authors (defined as at least one author whose institution is affiliated with a Canadian address) over a sixty year period (1950–2010) were gathered as raw data using the Scopus database.	2
This study suggests the persistent underrepresentation of Brazilian women in surgical journal authorship.	5
Our results showed that Twitter is the most used platform in sharing endodontic literature, while Facebook was not that popular across all journals.	4
This comparison tool, which is easily understood and applied, has rapidly become a standard for assessing researchers' work based on bibliometrics, that is, the analysis of the number of publications produced (Rogers, 2002), with dedicated journals (Wouters, 1999).	3
The results obtained show that w-tree is competitive in compression time and rate and in query time, which may execute several orders of magnitude faster for set-oriented queries than its competitors.	4
“We are thinking about how we conduct our work in a data-driven manner instead of having arguments about opinions and our own personal prejudices.”	0
The journal China Ocean Engineering has published the majority articles produced by China and it is the only journal published by China in the field of Ocean Engineering.	4
The list may serve as an archive of historical development of whiplash injury and a basis for further research.	5
Chi-square was used for the comparison between papers produced only by authors from Ibero-American institutions or in collaboration with other institutions and the language of publication, as well as whether the paper was published in peer-reviewed journals in the field of bioethics.	3
The second bibliographic network that can be generated from the acknowledgments is the Acknowledgee Co-Mention Network (AMN).	3
This study investigated the presence of co-authorship from Brazil in articles published in top-tier dental journals and analyzed the influence of international collaboration, article type (original research or review), and funding on citation rates.	1
We hypothesised that the former socio-political differences between Eastern and Western Europe are still detectable in FAW research and are correlated with economic indicators such as the NIC, and that a stronger international cooperation is linked to a higher research output.	1
Seriously now, we did ask for feedback and most people found the process reasonable if not better and they would like GI to continue with the open review format.	0
The identification of findings of characteristics pertinent to excellent research environments, to upholding a high degree of research quality and to productivity over time may contribute to our understanding of how research excellence can be nurtured by a proactive research policy, maintaining or creating the required conditions to facilitate this process.	5
Received: 26 March 2024 | Accepted: 30 September 2024 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 15 October 2024	0
Routine performance statistics are calculated by the journal for each reviewer.	0
Tables 2-4 reveal three authors most frequently co-cited with the marker papers, which appear in each of the tables: SM, Veerabhadran Ramanathan and Stephen H.	4
The most frequent reason for retraction was fake data (n = 62, 38%).	4
He asked Elbakyan for data and so they worked on producing a dataset from Sci-Hub’s server logs, which was later made available in the Dryad Digital Repository (Elbakyan and Bohannon, 2016).	2
Ali from the Universiti Brunei Darussalam was the most prolific author and a Brunei independent article written by C.K.	4
A total of 2567 survey invitations were sent out, and 391 responses were returned.	4
We analyze 28,160,453 papers (articles, notes, and reviews) and 484,393,178 citations received in natural and medical sciences (NMS) as well as 4,347,229 papers and 30,587,347 citations received in the social sciences and humanities (SSH).	2
Colorectal Disease 2013 The Association of Coloproctology of Great Britain and Ireland.	0
It then analyzes the behavioral causes of the problem in the Chinese context and attributes them to personal, cultural, and institutional factors.	1
To achieve feminist epistemological frameworks that many academic publications espouse, we call for publications that are accessible and equitable not only for academics, but also for community partners and activists.	1
1 Percentage and growth of output by type of collaboration and its impact	0
Fraunhofer Institute for Systems and Innovation Research ISI, Competence Center Policy and Regions, Karlsruhe, Germany	0
Compared with top-cited papers before 1995, the Journal's top-cited papers after 1995 were more likely to be randomized and to originate from international authors.	5
After downloading the bibliographic data, we extracted the authors' information and then tried to identify their genders by searching Google.	3
Here, we show that the time a referee takes to write a report on a scientific manuscript depends on the final verdict.	1
A word cloud using the software Wordle was generated from the keywords listed in the various research lines.	3
The second data set consists of publication records with altmetric data provided by Altmetric.com (http://www.altmetric.com/).	2
To evaluate the proposed methods, we have analyzed research collaborations of POSTECH (Pohang University of Science and Technology) and RIST (Research Institute of Industrial Science and Technology) from 2011 to 2020.	2
Records from awarded grants were downloaded from the publicly accessible NSF grant database in January 2014.	2
Through a co-word analysis of the proceedings, this study identifies salient aspects of the evolution of published proceedings of Association for Information Systems (AIS) conferences from 2007 to 2016.	1
Author Keywords are used for the concept analysis to ensure only those terms deemed relevant by the author are included.	3
The number of publications in INSPEC and their average impact per institute and per year.	0
4 shows, the patent backward citation window for each domain has been changing consistently over the years.	0
Bibliometrics is the quantitative study of bibliographic information.	3
Finally, we used Ward's clustering to identify five Country Blocks (CBs) with a similar research focus - i.e., groups of countries in which the same topics are over/under-represented.	3
We find strong evidence that Sci-Hub is primarily used to circumvent paywalls.	5
We used two sources of information from NSF: the Survey of Earned Doctorates (SED) and the Survey of Doctorate Recipients (SDR).	2
Our research question can be summarized as follows: are authors of articles featured on the Nature cover more cited because of the resulting exposure, or because they were ex-ante different and were therefore selected for the cover?	1
We built our bibliometric database on 31 December, 2012 using academic publications on Antarctica from the Science Citation Index (SCI) databases in Thomson Reuters' Web of Science.	2
(2) Betweenness centrality and eigenvector centrality of the dynamic co-word networks positively correlate with node degree.	4
In international collaboration, it was observed that the normalized citation impact achieved by Brazilian institutions tends to depend upon the corresponding author status and that under the non-corresponding author condition, they tend to have a very significant benefit when the paper has as its corresponding author a foreign institution, independent of the published paper quantity or of the institution's consolidation in international rankings of academic-scientific performance.	5
Received: 11 May 2022 / Accepted: 1 February 2023 / Published online: 20 February 2023	0
The OECD countries, representing 17.0% of the world population contributed to 85.4% of the 1885 articles evaluated, whereas only 14.6% originated from non-OECD countries.	4
To show its most salient structure, we apply the multi-scale backbone extraction method (44).	3
Mendeley readership emerges as a rapidly responsive altmetric indicator characterized by (1) quick engagement with newly published papers and (2) sustained growth in data volume over time.	5
We analyze the published papers of research topics in accounting journals during the 2016–2018 period.	2
Social network analysis (SNA) was conducted, and 10 major clusters were identified to highlight authors with a higher x-index within the corresponding clusters.	3
For more details on this method, refer to Tang and Walsh (2010).	0
Other variables (h-index of the advisor and third-party language editing assistance) appear to be also important predictors of success in publication.	5
when funding comes from more than organisation, and the organisations fund research in a very similar area), and where therefore an argument to monitor researcher portfolios might be applicable, the research produced under these conditions has greater citation impact.	4
To help us understand these factors, we might categorize them into three groups: (1) those related to the characteristics of the recycled material (such as its quantity); (2) those related to the context in which the recycling occurs, such as authorship; and (3) those related to attribution and identification, such as whether the recycled material is cited.	3
Nonparametric test of Kruskal Wallis was employed for comparison and contrast the differences with an alpha level of .05.	3
It is the aim of the present investigation to provide such an analysis for a different and larger sample, comprising the citation data sets of 26 more average physicists.	1
The better the preprints' impact (altmetrics and citations), the better the impact (altmetrics and citations) of the papers subsequently published in journals.	1
(1994) propose the use of Normalised Citation Impact Index (NCII) which accounts for the paper's longevity thus reflecting the relative contribution of each article.	3
However, a general weak correlation between the TF metric and the remaining metrics is evidenced.	4
It also shows that the quantity of publications is the most important predictor to the grades, compared with the quantity of publications, the length of dissertations, the quantity and quality of references.	4
Two data sources were used in this study: Journal Metrics by Scopus (https://journalmetrics.scopus.com/) and the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ).	2
3253 “Organization and monitoring the innovative activity of the subjects of the Russian Federation".	0
AI is the most popular area overall in the last five years, and this is even more true when focusing on young researchers.	4
Along with conventional bibliometric analysis instruments, this study incorporated qualitative data analysis using the NVivo software package to develop insights into the content of the publication records.	3
The accuracy of predictions was 89% for JAN and IJNS and 94% for JNS.	4
Data were collected from 5793 policy documents issued by the Chinese central government from 1978 to 2013.	2
From the 17,260 research papers, we extracted Abstracts, Titles, and Keywords to form a corpus for our econometric ideas estimation.	2
The synthesized dataset contains 2318 researchers, graduated from 257 institutions worldwide, currently working in 60 universities.	2
In this research, we have proposed a citation-based approach, which helps the scientific community in retrieving the most relevant research documents.	5
Table 4 shows the Expected Paper Score (EPS) obtained as a vector from the product of [PAfrac] and the Author Score vector (AS).	3
The sources chosen are the Spanish Conferences on Documentation (JED) and the journal El profesional de la información (EPI), following the line taken by previous studies analysing co-authorship in the discipline (Ardanuy and Urbano, 2015a, 2015b).	2
Tables also include a column for Normalized Citation Rate (NCR) which is computed by dividing the number of total citations by age of the article i.e., number of years till year 2019.	3
Results show that researchers in the field of applied sciences in universities of technology have increased their number of publications over the past 10 years and are also working in conjunction with other researchers both nationally and internationally.	4
The first explanation was that OA articles were probably the main type of articles available to and used by policy-makers.	5
Publications produced by four universities in German-speaking countries from 1980 to 2010 are used as data (see Table 1).	2
This study uses 1,285 responses from a survey given to recent PhD graduates from one large Big Ten institution.	2
To answer these questions, we test to what extent various theoretically predicted processes explain the dynamics of academics' networks of collaboration and shared language use in a unique longitudinal data set (1994 to 2005) of 2,631 faculty at a large private American university.	1
The journal-to-journal citation data were then aggregated at the discipline level according to Elsevier's All Science Journal Classification (ASJC) Codes.	2
In fact, they only reflect the personal beliefs of the senior editor.	0
The study employed convenient sampling, hence, scientists who were willing and available were selected to participate in the study.	2
Pre-graduate research often involved a period outside of medical school (88%) and typically lasted a year (56%), with clinical research being the most common focus (68%).	4
Most of our fictitious journals (48) would appear in the second JCR quartile for their category, the second largest group would be in the first quartile (29), and others would appear in the third quartile (22).	4
The Pearson correlation coefficient of each pair from the datasets with the same prefix is larger than 0.95.	4
An additional output (not reported in this article) was the set of recommendations for Skills for Care on enhancing the impact of NMDS-SC.	0
A study of ASFA usage, based on data for the period 2012–2017, was conducted in 2018 in order to characterize the activities of subscriber institutions around the world and to develop detailed understanding of usage trends of ASFA over the five years globally when subscriptions to the database were declining.	2
If publications and citations would be decisive, one would expect RB to have a better academic career than RA, as RB had a comparable output but a much higher impact.	4
A reason for this could be the fact that initial version submitted to these journals may not be very rigorously prepared by the contributors.	0
Our primary finding of a robust salary premium for teamwork appears to be partly offset by more hours worked; and, it is this apparent trade-off that seems to explain why there is no comparable difference in job satisfaction ratings among those who work on or outside of teams.	5
Building on theories of searching for knowledge both within fields and across distant ones (Cyert & March, 1963; Nelson & Winter, 1982), Schilling and Green (2011) made an interesting distinction by referring to search scope and search depth.	3
Its main aim is to analyse the major approaches to extrinsic plagiarism detection, namely computer-based approaches and language-based approaches, either form-only- based or integrated.	1
In this paper, we evaluate five approaches to normalization of direct citation relations with respect to clustering solution quality in four data sets.	1
However, given the very small magnitude of writing style differences found in our study, we conclude that writing styles are unlikely to account for skewed funding balances between male and female researchers in the present case concerning the Villum Experiment.	5
In conclusion, animal welfare science is still in an exponential phase of growth which will bring opportunities, such as for the publication of new journals, but also challenges.	5
In this study we use the following data sources: (1) the CWTS in-house enhanced Web of Science (WoS) database, and (2) the Spring 2016 version of the PATSTAT database.	2
Global nanotechnology patent data were extracted by applying the Georgia Tech nanotechnology search strategy (as detailed in Arora et al.	2
The WoS Core Collection is an excellent data source for citation analysis as it covers over 25,000 quality high-impact journals and over 220,000 conference proceedings across 256 different disciplines in the sciences, social sciences, and arts & humanities (Clarivate Analytics, personal communication, 6 October 2020; Clarivate Analytics 2020b).	2
Our major finding is that these areas share issues related to processes, systems, and information technologies, although they conform to two independent epistemic spaces.	5
Australia and New Zealand fared well, as there was no difference in “full professors” impact, although there was a longer tail of junior academics and 75% of all ANZ universities have above average scores compared to those in the top 500.	5
The geographical reach of intensifying international collaboration has widened, while distance decay remained an important factor of collaboration intensity between two cities.	4
To explore the state and development of research in the field of gifted education, we used a bibliometric approach.	3
Journals with a high proportion of non-English publications suffer from low impact factor in both science and social sciences domains.	4
Note 1: Ordering is based on professionals responses for self in Europe.	0
Finally, in the interactional-institutional dimension the forms and forums of collaboration between university and other societal actors are explored.	1
Sometimes, there are differences among the data offered by the above mentioned data bases (Garfield 1979; Archambault et al.	0
The three fastest growing topics are corporate governance, entry strategies for innovation and social practices, while privatization, political reforms and energy display the deepest decline.	4
The results also revealed the analysis of spatial patterns with different units of measurement.	5
The mean score of the journals evaluated in this study was 42.8 with a standard deviation of 2.7.	4
On-demand cloud computing infrastructure was used to extract a citation network from over 600,000 full-text PMC-OAS articles.	2
Using the thresholds of a minimum of 100 international collaboration papers, in Table 1, 72 countries/regions are selected as research objects.	2
Just to mention an example, one of the most important journals in geophysics, the Rivista di Geofisica Pura ed Applicata [Bossolasco 1939], turned to the current structure and name of Pure and Applied Geophysics in the late 1960’s, although it was still publishing papers in German, Italian and English at that time.	0
The author is an experienced editor and reviewer of journal articles and has experienced firsthand on numerous occasions the presentation of research findings where the researcher tries "to do too much".	2
We also find evidence for changes in preprinting and publishing behaviour: COVID-19 preprints are shorter and reviewed faster.	4
Three participants (3.9%) thought the journal they published in was predatory at the time of article submission.	4
Data referring to articles published in 2010 by three Italian research institutions (National Institute of Health – Rome (ISS), Regina Elena National Cancer Institute – Rome (IRE), National Cancer Institute – Milan (INT)) in journals (78) managed according to different business models, all listed in the Journal Citation Reports, subject category Oncology, were collected and analysed.	2
The impact, however, of many of these publications is quite low when compared with the impact of publications from established research nations such as the USA.	5
Spain, Finland, Australia, Canada, and the UK) have the highest international co-author rates, while others have high national co-author rates but low international rates (e.g.	4
This study investigates the suitability of book metadata for evaluating individual books and analyses the visibility of nationally assessed books in WorldCat.	1
The core claims of the RPs are represented based on an extraction of noun phrases from the RP's abstracts, abstracts of frequently co-cited publications, and, when informative, the retraction notices.	3
The overall publication activity and the relative share of A&H publications in relation to Ukraine's total research output, comparing them with other countries.	1
Inventor patent classification-coupling is similar to the author subject coupling and the author keyword coupling, which refers to the coupling relationship established by two inventors using the same classification codes.	3
They are calculated in a very simplistic manner, and are essentially an attempt to summarize a very complicated issue (publication quality) into one single metric.	0
The average number of citations per funded article was 37 versus 28 for non-funded articles.	4
Given the heterogeneity and dynamic nature of the standards system, this paper considers a dynamic multiplex network with two layers: the standard citation layer that reflects the citation relationship between standards, and the drafter cooperation layer that reflects the cooperation in drafting.	3
Furthermore, we evaluated the overall publication productivity of funded surgeons.	1
Full details on all simulations are available in the electronic supplementary material.	0
We collected data on more than 2,000 publications in over 500 journals that were generated by GBMF grantees since 2001.	2
The author confirms that there is no conflict of interest as none of the journal editors were aware of this analysis nor any specific goals were set other than the accurate derivation of the citations and items published.	0
It is shown that emphasizing the 2YIF of a journal, which partly answers the question as to When published articles are cited, to the exclusion of other informative RAMs, which answer Where and How (frequently) published articles are cited, can lead to a distorted evaluation of journal quality, impact, and influence relative to the harmonic mean of the ranks.	5
Our model achieved 83.10 % accuracy for CAC and 80.46% accuracy for CSC, demonstrating its superiority to single-task systems.	4
Presenting criteria for adequate transformation as well as a specific approach for it.	1
We caution search committees at other pharmacy schools to thoroughly examine applicant curricula vitarum (CVs) for predatory publishing.	1
The (2013 to 2018) UNESCO database was used to define investments in Research and Development (R&D).	2
Whatever would be the reason, the field seems to experience some gender egalitarianism in scholarly publication apparently differing from other disciplines, as observed by Stack (2002) for criminal justice.	5
We propose such a proper reviewer reward programme in the form of a Reviewer Index, which will strengthen science by focussing on the reviewer, as well as the author.	1
This paper also shows that, under fairly weak conditions, it is optimal for the Editor-in-Chief to assign manuscripts to an editor that exerts a quality control higher than the journal's standard, against the competing journal whose editor holds the journal's standard.	4
The name of the article, the order of the authors, and the number of the authors remained unchanged in 71.4%, 79.3%, and 80.8% of the articles, respectively.	4
Journals that were clustered together with similar colors in the bibliographic network represented similarities in their publishing scope as Gautam (2019) reported in a study applying scientometrics to analyze research publications using classification schemes.	0
Such objectives will answer the following questions: What is the general state of health-related literature on natural disasters?	1
Incorrect indexing of family names can negatively impact authorship and thus recognition of their achievement (Aleixandre-Benavent et al. 2008), and this is pronounced for Spanish and Portuguese academics (Avila-Poveda 2014).	5
Our findings align with recent evidence suggesting intensified international competition and widening author-level disparities in science.	5
We have built a publicly available web resource allowing anyone to retrieve CPR value for any output that has a DOI and is indexed in the Dimensions database.	5
Bibliometrics is the quantitative study of bibliographic data and has been termed statistical bibliography since 1922 (Pritchard, 1969; Reitz, 2014b).	3
These are the journal self-citations that contribute to the impact factor (JSCIF).	0
Despite advances, publication in the field of musculoskeletal oncology has fallen.	5
To investigate the above-mentioned dilemma, I will analyze the authorship of nuclear physics articles using the nuclear science references database (Pritychenko et al.	1
All in all, these results suggest that even potentially sophisticated shortcuts to artificially boost bibliometric indicators based on the exchange of citations, rather than on mere self-citations, cannot circumvent the fact that consistently high-quality publications are, by far, the main determinant of academic impact.	5
This work attempts to describe international research collaboration in educational technology for the past 50 years.	1
The import of these documents was merged with the researcher' analysis and interpretation to ensure a more nuanced analysis.	0
Intra-department collaborations have significantly higher weight and timespan compared to inter-department collaborations.	4
This study addresses stratification in the global higher education research community and the changing geography of country affiliations in six elite journals.	1
Our analysis revealed that the Jaccard coefficient was found to be among the most relevant measurements.	4
The other finding that can be highlited from the two figures is the linear function of Dice-Sorenson with Salton.	4
In this table, researchers from China are shown in the bold	0
The number eligible for inclusion nearly doubled, from 26 to 46, in five months.	4
She is currently the Staff of the Department of Cabinet Office, Government of Japan.	0
Transcripts and notes were then analysed for thematic content, yielding 11 common themes on interdisciplinarity.	3
The length of the titles was determined by the "word count formula" in Excel.	3
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Online supplementary appendix 1 summarises the 50 most-cited articles in medical professionalism identified by searching the Web of Science database, out of a total of 3500 articles identified on professionalism.	2
The data were analyzed using Excel (Microsoft, 2016) and Vantage Point software (Search Technology, 2017).	3
This means, apart from the prize-winning works, all other important works in Nobel careers closely follow the random impact rule: they could be, with equal likelihood, the very first work, the last or any one in between.	4
Bibmet contains publications published between 1980 and 2016.	2
This is a quadratic function optimization problem with linear constraints with l variables.	0
The combined scores show that two topics ("Supervision and mentoring" and "Research environment") were considered to be very important, five topics were considered to be important, whereas the two last topics ("Collaborative research among RPOs" and "Declaration of competing interests") got the combined score "somewhat important".	4
In terms of open peer review, participants mentioned a certain reticence to the opening of evaluations due to potential conflicts of interest that may arise or because lower-quality content might be accepted in order to avoid conflicts.	4
(Search terms with asterisks include all words beginning with the letters shown.)	0
We first drew out all relevant research publications on PRDs using search terms (Table 1) anywhere in their title, abstract or keywords for the period 1 January 2003 to 31 December 2012 (“publication date field”) with citation data up to 31 December 2011.	2
Taking all this into account, the currently practised model of target agreements proved to be a suitable instrument to implement the university's research strategy in the humanities and social sciences.	5
In total, between the CHED and SciMix poster sessions, a total of 92 unique individuals participated.	2
By searching in Scopus, a collection was built of the papers retracted during 2017–2022.	2
Using citations as an impact metric, we found that institutional collaborations yield comparable benefit to that of international collaborations.	5
1 Editor-in-Chief, Nurse Educator and Journal of Nursing Care Quality, Thelma M.	0
Funding for this study was provided in part by NSF Science of Science and Innovation Policy (SciSIP) program award 0965341.	0
Data was analysed using Microsoft Excel, while the t-test analysis was conducted to examine the relationship between the citation impact of OA and non-OA journals with a view to determining the influence OA has on journal citation impact.	3
These trends indicate that radiology research is spreading throughout the clinical literature with more interplay between radiologists and nonradiologists.	5
The number of PSs aged 39 years or younger decreased by 48%, while those aged between 55 and 69 increased by 91%, indicating a notable decrease in the number of PSs under the age of 39.	4
This study explores F&V research outputs by using the related literature in the Thomson Reuters WoS? from 2000 to 2009.	2
The four search approaches considered are: (1) core lexical query, (2) expanded lexical query, (3) specialized journal search, and (4) cited reference analysis.	3
Instead, random effects may have systematic consequences, at least when using certain types of bibliometric indices.	5
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
These findings demonstrated the potential technical-research and applied-research properties of Sleeping Beauties, rather than pure fundamental or basic-research.	5
These both illustrate China’s rising importance in scientific research and collaboration from a different perspective.	5
From a theoretical perspective, this study takes its point of departure from historical institutionalism and attempts to situate the variables in the appropriate context based on the notion that behavior and strategic choices take place inside particular social, political, economic and cultural contexts (Steinmo 2008).	3
From the collection of 22,151 articles, we retrieved the references to build the citation network.	2
Despite inherent issues of subjectivity, this approach has proved a useful tool in building consensus among clinical experts on the nature of disease manifestations and for communicating burden to non-specialist audiences.	5
The regression can be interpreted as a variant of the difference-in-differences approach.	3
Tel.: +1 301 654 2512; Fax: +1 410 685 5278; E-mail: tcarpenter@niso.org	0
The definitions of A(papers) and A(cit.) are given in the text	0
Scientific units submitted bibliographical records of 581,106 publications, with the FTE of academic staff members at 86,461.84.	2
Further, this newfound discoverability of these papers is associated with an increase in citations different than their own fields.	5
Although the research design of mathematics and arts is open, creative and does not rely on empirical cases including data collection and data handling, we could find arguments to demonstrate that either mathematics and arts can be subject to scientific misconduct.	4
Significance (p < 0.05) for comparisons was determined using the Mann-Whitney U test and Fisher's exact test.	3
For each of the URLs obtained at the previous stage, two searches were performed: for page count or size (“site:url") and visibility ("linkfromdomain:url—site:url"), every 3 months over the course of 2010 (in the last weeks of March, June, September, and December), except for the units corresponding to archives, which were only measured from the second data collection stage onwards.	3
The initial sources of our data are the lists of publications of two research laboratories, RIADI[2] and CRISTAL[3] and online bibliographic databases, such as Google Scholar[4] and Publish or Perish[5].	2
Thirdly, comparing the rankings applied in various countries by the calibrated distribution of abilities gives incentives to reevaluate the research policies used.	5
For such definitions, it is possible to define second-order energy terms such as E = ∑c;2 and X = iC (Prathap, 2011a</DATE>).	3
Reviewers were not asked in advance whether they would or were able to perform the review, but the manuscript and the editor's cover letter were sent to them by regular mail, or airmail for transcontinental destinations.	0
Sketch of theoretical citation frequency of articles published in different years.	0
I defend the position that the most effective way to reduce the role of citation-based journal metrics in journal and research assessment is the development of indicators of the quality of journals' manuscript peer review process, based on an analysis of this process itself, rather than on proxies, such as citation-based measures or manuscript rejection rates.	5
We examined linguistic diversity across four thematic assessments (Pollination, Scenarios and Modeling, Land Degradation and Restoration, Global) and four regional assessments (Africa, the Americas, Asia and the Pacific, Europe and Central Asia).	2
These results suggest that although the Altmetric database has made great achievements in collecting news altmetrics data, the data collection can be further improved.	5
In summary, our data reveal that COVID-19 preprints received a significant amount of attention from scientists, news organizations, the general public, and policy-making bodies, representing a departure for how preprints are normally shared (considering observed patterns for non-COVID-19 preprints).	5
The set of key terms Tq, with q = 1, ..., Q, that characterizes a specified scientific domain D are identified by evaluating the normalized document frequency (ndf) for all textual mentions (i.e., entities) detected in the processed abstracts of publications published in a given time interval:	3
See the Appendix for a full discussion of the statistical power of this testing procedure.	0
Multivariable linear regression models were used to describe the associations of normalized citation impact per $million spent with grant types (payline R01s versus ARRA R01s) after accounting for potential grant-based confounders, including peer-review grant percentile ranking (if available), total award in $millions, project duration, involvement of vertebrate animals and human research subjects, and performance of a clinical trial, and investigator-based confounders, including early-stage/new-investigator status, prior NIH funding, number of prior NIH grants, and prior service on NIH study sections, special emphasis panels, and advisory councils.	3
Our empirical research suggests that cultivating interdisciplinarity is a process of building organizational arrangements where classification and management of knowledge, infrastructures, human resources, and financial and social capital need deliberate and holistic planning and action.	5
As infrastructure, synthesis centers may not be as tangible as telescopes, but technology alone cannot match the brain power of a diverse group of experts who are committed to focusing their combined insights, experience, tools, and networks on a shared problem in a collegial environment.	5
Much discussion has ensued from BJIR's Editorial Board regarding the journal's scope, mission, types of articles and its need for more internation-alism (Heery 2005).	0
An important finding of this study is that nursing research is being disseminated and used as a basis for evidence by individuals both within and outside of the profession.	5
The objective of this study was to evaluate the state of clinical neuroscience research in KSA by determining its world ranking based on the quantity and citation impact of its research on the subject.	1
The reviewer-editor game consists of two players, the uninformed editor and the biased reviewer.	2
Finally, Section 5 will outlay the main conclusions reached and the limitations of the study, and will also propose new lines of research.	0
Empty cells represent instances that are not possible according to the JIF definition.	0
Put simply, scientific work that is innovative and novel is also risky, and the more influenced are researchers by practices of evaluation at the institutional level, the more inclined they will be to reduce that risk in order to maximise the chances of positive evaluation at that level.	5
In the current article, subject-related research metrics by the most popular scientometrics platforms with the capability of citation count are investigated.	1
This research analyzed the citation impact of national journals toward SCIE journals on JCR by sampling natural science and engineering journals published in Korea.	1
Nearly half of all peer-reviewed articles published in cardiovascular journals are poorly cited 5 years after publication, and many are not cited at all.	5
Studies were included if they reported on 2 groups being compared, had dichotomous outcomes, and had significant results.	2
This analysis is conducted on three different levels: researcher level, field level and domain level.	1
The main objectives of the study are: (a) To ascertain the growth pattern of research and other contributions of B K Sen; (b) Toidentify the year-wise distribution of authorship pattern; (c) To identify the collaborative authors and degree of collaboration; (d) To calculate author productivity; (e) To identify core journals; (f) To identify highlycited publications; (g) Toidentifydifferent academic indicators of B K Sen	1
Scientometric analysis can gain substantially through measurement and quantification.	5
In this work, we propose using the concrete and graphical representation to present the empirical data.	1
Which strategies can be developed in order to increase the visibility of the research output in these disciplines?	1
We avoid comparisons based on statistical tests, as the analyses presented here are descriptive and exploratory.	0
(4) What are the areas with symbiotic relations with the mythology field?	1
The authors declare that there is no conflicting interest and that the study has not been supported or funded by a drug company or any organization	0
As for the first one, please refer the readers to subsection Heterogeneous information network.	0
However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.	0
Content validity was evaluated by collecting independent comments from external experts (n = 7) on the construct, comprehensiveness and relevance of the PPQ.	3
If the creation date of the journal’s website is before the publication date of the first online published volume, it can be a real journal, otherwise it is definitely a fake one.	4
These organizations were selected from the 1,633 treatment facilities that are licensed and/or certified through California's Department of Health Care Services (California Department of Health Care Services, Licensing and Certification Branch, 2013).	2
The impact of citing retracted papers reveals that 55.2% of retracted papers have been cited at least once.	4
This article is intended solely for the personal use of the individual user and is not to be disseminated broadly.	0
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 331053 []	0
In “Results" section, all results will be presented, which are then discussed and summarised in “Discussion and conclusion” section.	0
1913 publications of Journal of Nursing Management were retrieved from Scopus database.	2
The following is the result of Correspondence Anal- ysis in JMP.	0
Our analysis was performed over the Semantic Scholar literature corpus.	2
To measure it, we adopted the main altmetrics indicator, namely the number of mentions on Twitter.	3
Moreover, fractional counting was applied for three citation measures by considering the total number of links given and received by journals in calculating relation strength.	3
Shuiqing Huang · Bo Yang · Sulan Yan · Ronald Rousseau	0
The results obtained show that about 24% of research output from India, during last 5 years, is available in legal forms of open access as compared to world average of about 30%.	4
We found that Palearctic mammals have 3.77 times more documents than Neotropical species in Scopus (3.91 times in WoS), and that the documents recorded 5.95 more total citations in Scopus (6.93 times more in WoS).	4
The percentage of articles citing government information for ‘all article types’ ranges from 51.08% (PEC) to 85.64% (MCHJ) (Table 4).	4
In the environmental dimension, energy management significantly affects both innovation and market performance, while water and wastewater management influences operational performance.	5
There is a paucity of data in the literature concerning the validation of the grant application peer review process, which is used to help direct billions of dollars in research funds.	1
We chose a constructivist grounded theory approach to underpin our study as it is particularly well suited to explore the “core social or psychological processes underlying phenomena of interest.”	3
Spearman correlation coefficient was used to analyze the relationship between AAS and time since publication or citation counts.	3
The socioeconomic indicators measured investment in health and in research, and the number of researchers.	3
We used Gephi 0.9.2 throughout the analysis and visualization.	3
Researchers from the USA contributed 67% of highly cited articles.	4
Per capita, dedicated research time (or its absence) does not directly influence residents within these programs to produce significantly more publications or higher quality research as measured by SJR.	5
Chengdu Branch of the National Science Library, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chengdu, People's Republic of China	0
Data were extracted from the 'Environment submissions database' under 'Results and submissions'.	2
Postdoctoral experience and work in public research institutes were found to have positive effects on the number of articles published.	4
Once 3-g and top assignees are identified for each partition, we perform an expert search in order to identify partitions that are related to nanomedicine.	3
Using the proposed model, we explore the influence of the contribution and utility of publishing the manuscript on the rate one or more authors would gain from raising an ultimatum.	1
The corpus of texts that we analyze consists of all 16,827 research articles published in English in the “Top 5” economics journals: American Economic Review (AER), Econometrica (ETRCA), Journal of Political Economy (JPE), Quarterly Journal of Economics (QJE), and Review of Economic Studies (REStud), from 1969-2018.	2
In this study we map out the large-scale structure of citation networks of science journals and follow their evolution in time by using stochastic block models (SBMs).	1
Regarding the average path length, the obtained measures varied from 4.6031 to 8.1501.	4
We believe that specificity of a topic in bibliometric analysis is essential, which is generally an unpopular trend in bibliometrics as observed.	5
From analysis of the co-interpretive interviews, emerging themes link network structure to differences in how academics conceptualize and use the sites.	4
For male scientists, the introduction of TYTS helped to increase the number of highly-cited papers of their peers (Coef.5.1TYTS = 0.302, P<0.05).	4
Dataset 2 involved all 36,493 titles within six broad subject categories of Anthropology, Arts, Business and Economics, Law, Medicine and Political Science as in Dataset 1.	2
In this study, latent class analysis (LCA) and latent regression analysis were applied to answer the research questions.	3
Research performance is analyzed using the Finnish community-curated expert-based rating of publication channels (so-called JUFO).	3
We turn to Figure 2 to check the sanity of the topics.	0
A semi-automated process with human and manual quality checks was used to unify the non-unified FO names found in the remaining publications.	3
Based on publication and salary data for the academic year of 2012, we found that professors’ salary in Korea is determined mainly by international journal publications; domestic journal publications have little impact on changes in faculty salary.	5
This study provides a blueprint for interdisciplinary researchers indicating that successful collaboration starts with transparent, distributed leadership.	5
Based on these results, we analyze the current place that Political Psychology has as disciplinary field in Latin America.	5
We found that, in general, larger Canadian departments generated higher research volume and obtained more federal research funding, but smaller departments also contributed significantly, and sometimes surpassed larger departments, in terms of research impact (number of citations per article), cost-efficiency (funding per article and per citation), and articles per faculty.	5
This study highlights the significant differences between female and male scholars in the use of research methods, even in different topics or journals.	5
A simple, generalizable method for measuring research output would be useful in attempts to build research capacity, and in other contexts.	1
These results indicate that Korea's individual-level funding policy, which was introduced to increase the productivity of GRI scientists through competition, has succeeded in part.	5
In this article, we use 22 different journal weighting schemes to generate output estimates of refereed journal article and page production for three 6-year periods (1994–9; 2000-5 and 2006-11).	3
The authors thank the editor and an anonymous referee for constructive comments.	0
The pipeline is conceptually divided into three steps: (1) data collection, (2) clustering of the dataset using a multilayer hierarchical stochastic block model, and (3) analysis of the influence between clusters over time using knowledge flows.	3
Thomson Reuters' Web of Science was used to retrieve publications authored by faculty of the TAMU Department of Aerospace Engineering.	2
In the end, 19 journals were selected as the core journals (Appendix 1).	2
Addressing those gaps, the paper investigates the trends of retractions in MBE-journals as well as editors' perceptions of the marginality problem; practices in use in these journals to combat the problems of misconduct and marginality; and editors' positive ideas regarding practices to support more creative contributions.	1
Secondly, the value chain is incomplete as it is the journals that are funding publication rather than – in many cases – the research economy funding the journals.	4
b Department of Finance, Accounting, and Real Estate, Cornell University, School of Hotel Administration, Ithaca, NY 14853, USA	0
Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology published the largest number of top-cited studies (n=74), followed by Allergy (n=13) and Clinical and Experimental Allergy (n=9).	4
China achieved mwPR(F)s of 44.59 (CP-IN) and 41.04 (CP-EX) which is below the expected value for an 'average' citation level (50).	4
One disturbing observation was that there were there were 82 programs with no publications and 180 with no Journal of Vascular Surgery (JVS) publications in Europe.	5
However, in practice, when assessing grants proposals and candidates for positions, their own performance was positively related to their use of metrics.	4
With respect to the authors' collaboration, the above table shows that, overall, about 96% in Turkey and In Iran about 94% of papers were written in multiple-author status.	4
The main countries demonstrating research outputs in the field of sport entrepreneurship are USA (USA) (21 articles), Australia (15 articles), Spain and UK (UK) (12 articles), and France (11 articles).	4
We find that the welfare effects of universal mandatory data disclosure are ambiguous.	4
An Analysis Based on Data From F1000Prime and Normalized Citation Scores	1
The other important aspect of Figure 1 is proofing of the differences in subareas, not only for the humanities, but also for all scientific areas.	0
These are not rigorous interpretations of the data, but rather analogies drawn from the physical sciences (Williams & Watts, 1970; Phillips, 1996).	0
The twenty journals with the highest impact factor (IF) were identified from the “Dentistry, Oral Surgery & Medicine” category of the Journal Citation Report released in 2011 by Thomson Reuters.	2
Lastly, it utilizes evaluative techniques including productivity measures, impact metrics, and hybrid metrics.	3
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
Three researchers in the dataset had only one paper published and were excluded from the cross-validation.	0
Third, in a final robustness check, we leveraged the repeated-measures characteristic of the data and constructed a balanced panel for all four survey waves.	3
In contrast, the exponent in the lower side of the triangle assumes different values around the range 0.5<b<1.	4
We selected articles and reviews from the WoS that had authors from institutions only in the selected countries, i.e.	2
This duplication removal filter is based in the DOI and on the document's normalized title and first author last name.	3
Hence, the co-authorship indicators and ratio of national to international collaborations are determined.	1
This is to showcase that quantitative techniques can be used to derive meaningful (qualitative) evaluations and characterizations of journals as opposed to ranking journals.	5
Questions included a combination of non-closed style interview questions and Likert scale.	0
This paper shows that care must be taken when applying this practice.	5
The objective of the present paper to provide a current diagnosis of the scientific production on information literacy and information competences (COMPINFO1) in the countries of Ibero-America over the past four decades, taking into account their specific contextual, educational, and research characteristics.	1
However, interviews with editors revealed that they do not acknowledge that normativity.	4
The scores for the global index show that the 15 categories are arranged in 3 groups (Fig.	4
The journals that were identified and chosen for this particular analysis were, listed according to descending impact factors, The Journal of Bone & Joint Surgery (JBJS), Sports Medicine, British Journal of Sports Medicine (BJSM), The American Journal of Sports Medicine (AJSM), Arthroscopy: The Journal of Arthroscopic and Related Surgery, Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise, Bone & Joint Journal, and Knee Surgery, Sports Traumatology, Arthroscopy (KSSTA).	2
The period of the study was from January 2012 till December 2013.	2
Contrary to the existing literature, we look directly at the citations of the faculty members as a measure of academic performance and avoid the classification of journals.	3
Our study shows that empirical case studies are able to provide insights on how collaborative interactions are driven by organisational aims and the importance of finding a balance between a structural and a more informal collaboration.	5
The survey was disseminated in English, Spanish, French, Chinese, Russian, and Polish in order to increase responses from these core countries which were the focus of the preceding interview study.	3
Mean duration of Citation Discontinuance (MDCD): The mean duration of CD in the citation diffusion of scientific papers after publication.	3
The questionnaire was created using Google Forms and mailed in February-March 2017.	3
Editorial decisions were examined using a multinomial regression model with the three-category ordinal outcome of reject, revise and accept.	3
The study suggests that future research on ACs with cluster analysis should employ FLCA and R visualizations.	5
Articles were eligible for inclusion in our analysis if they met all of the following criteria: (1) The article had Covid-19 as its main focus.	2
The study was conducted in 2 general surgery residency training programs in Canada (University of Alberta and University of Toronto).	2
Overseas Filipinos published twice as much (28%) as those in the Philippines (14%).	4
Inquiry into the deeper issues driving the rank dispersion among economics and finance journals would be a sensible avenue for future research.	5
This allows the reader to better interpret the meaning of more or lesser information gain (higher multidimensional prestige or lower multidimensional prestige) and the relation between information gain and multidimensional prestige.	0
The Hirsch index (h-index), as an indicator of qualifying the productivity of sources, authors, countries, institutions, and so on, has been used in this analysis.	3
This indicates that sports sciences in Spain have had quantitative and qualitative growth over the years.	5
It can certainly be stated that Johnson is no longer as eminent as he was in his lifetime.	0
In order to analyse this indicator, we elaborated a graph to represent the level of co-authoring through a social network of collaboration among the most prolific authors, i.e.	3
A general result is that the socially efficient use of information is not realized by either the monopoly or zero-profit structure, under either access prices or subscription fees.	5
Our study was carried out in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki and we declare that it complies with the ethical standards of the Republic of Turkey.	0
K. Damevski is with the Department of Computer Science, Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA, 23284, U.S.A.	0
The most frequent subject heading is corporate social responsibility (CSR) report, followed sequentially by corporate annual report, content analysis, narrative section, firm performance, financial report, financial statements, and textual analysis.	4
The results observed in Figures 5–7 show that the most productive authors do not always have parallel IRAs in citations because no evidence exists in bibliometric metrics beyond other clusters and individuals.	5
Hence, predatory marketing journals are likely infecting not solely marketing as a science, but all the social sciences.	5
Results showed that more reputed authors were less likely to be rejected by editors when they submitted papers receiving negative reviews.	4
Tag connectedness was measured by the closeness centrality.	3
The results obtained in this exploratory paper indicate that the bibliometric approach based on author affiliation data is more appropriate to study migration taking place during the transition from the PhD-phase to the post-doctoral phase in a research career, than that from the master student phase to the PhD phase.	5
1 Top ten journals with the highest number of Twitter mentions	0
A comprehensive literature search of each included faculty member was performed through the National Library of Medicine (PubMed) database.	2
We used a purposive sampling strategy to identify and recruit participants from all main research areas to take part in the focus groups.	3
Relationship between total number of articles (TPall) and number of operational and long-term shutdown reactors (TRO&LTS) was tested by Pearson correlation of coefficient, which was calculated as 0.89.	3
The final data-set includes 9407 papers published from 2011 to 2015 (see Fig 5).	2
Finally, we ranked the most interlinked universities and built a 1,000 by 1,000 matrix of universities.	2
The effect of clustering coefficient, indicating the extent to which actors are embedded in cohesive groups characterized by high collaboration, is always negative on scientific performance, in all subfields and sources.	4
In order to examine the effect of gender and research institution location on the number of times an article was cited, we conducted a 2 (first author gender: male vs.	3
Impact metrics include number of citations (Nc) and Journal impact factor score (IF) [1].	3
The publications selected for examination in this study were collected from a report that listed the publications by the AOML affiliates.	2
The overall results of the model confirm that institutional factors such as faculty size, region, and auspice do have unique effects on research productivity even after accounting for individual level differences in faculty across diverse social work programs.	5
The percentage of ETD repositories contributed by universities in different countries of Asia is only 8.1 per cent.	4
Her main research interests are the sociology of economic sciences, economic sociology, sociology of social change, the sociology of power and inequality and methods and theories of community organizing.	0
Through a sociological lens of the “accounts theory," we analyzed the marketing language of 102 academic ghostwriting websites in English and Chinese to explore their legitimization of services in diverse cultures and contexts.	1
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
As the number of such platforms increases, it becomes urgently necessary to assess in which ways, for better or worse, this emergent phenomenon complements or disrupts the scholarly communications landscape.	1
A general finding is that novel evidences of social impact of research can be found in social media, becoming relevant platforms for scientists to spread quantitative and qualitative evidence of social impact in social media to capture the interest of citizens.	5
For all conferences organized by the two companies, we harvested the conferences' titles, programs, venues, and start/end dates from the companies' websites:	3
The latter features the members that are Noble prize winners (68 observations excluding currently missing profiles).	2
When compared to non-citizen science research in general, there is a ten-fold higher probability of the earth science papers reaching the Top-1000 threshold of most-cited papers in natural science research.	4
The final data consisted of 4,721 unique journals, 335 (7.1%) of which are categorized by the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) as “open access.”	2
We used Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) to model both publications and total grant dollars.	3
Future work is also needed to ascertain the predictors of a work becoming a citation classic.	5
The regional networks are a useful tool for policy planning, they provide an evaluation of the distribution in the territory as a first step to meet health knowledge demands, as well as to identify what interactions are being promoted by the STI and health policies.	5
Along with the variation by number of articles and citations, this analysis includes the relative change of both variables compared to each other and offers a classification of `valid` and `invalid`scenarios of IF variation in terms of the intended goal of the IF to measure journal quality.	3
Details are provided in the results section, following the probit model estimates.	0
The comparisons between influential and active authors and subjects, the relation analysis between core authors and research subjects, and the comparisons between Chinese IS research and the global field may provide a deep view for both Chinese and global IS researchers.	5
The most important of which are the index of article number, number of citations received and H-index.	3
Due to differences in location conditions and resource capacity, the NQPKE show a pattern of “low in the east and high in the west, low in the south and high in the north”, as well as a “spindle” pattern in which “there are more countries in the middle category and fewer in the high and low categories” in 21 European countries, with the overall level of development yet to be further improved; under the influence of multiple factors, the NQPKE and its sub-regional development trend provide new opportunities and impetus for the enhancement of NQPKE; on the other hand, the European debt crisis, the rising trend of anti-globalization, particularly the rise of populism and Euroscepticism and other unfavorable factors have caused certain impacts and impediments.	5
For evaluation of the changes in the results accuracy through time, three additional exports from 2015-06-02, 2016-06-01 and 2018-11-20 were used.	2
At the same time, the lowest Sj corresponds to J Risk Insur (Sj=1,11) which should be considered the journal with the highest level of interdisciplinarity among the finance journals considered in this analysis.	4
The third method considered here is the Kleinberg's burst detection algorithm, which identifies the popularity of topics over time and the dynamics of scientific development (Mane and B?rner, 2004).	3
Out of the complete set of cited references, the sub-set of 84678 references belonging to the RPY time period 1900-1990 was analyzed in depth.	2
The clearly most popularly preferred value of o is 1.6, chosen by nearly a quarter (24%) in both questions 2 and 3.	4
This study represents one of the first attempts to use empirical analysis to estimate academic productivity complex and proves the thesis that academic productivity is a function of multidimensional combination of the work of academic researchers: the scientific work, education, and external relationships.	1
After an extensive search, the initial list of relevant articles was sorted under the category of "Cited by highest" and two reviewers (SBB & SSS) independently generated the preliminary lists of top 50-most cited arti- cles on rTMS for depression.	3
(2) What determines the amount of funding that these participating firms receive (i.e., the size of grant)?	1
Our complete data set consists of all faculty members (tenured or on a tenure-track position) in each economics department associated with all 16 universities in the province of Ontario.	2
Although faculty in LIS schools are proponents of free access to research, journal publication choices remain informed by traditional considerations such as prestige and impact factor.	4
The online version of this article can be found at: http://crx.sagepub.com/content/16/5/615	0
These measures are on based on the number of times as first author, the total number of multi-authored papers and the total number of times of co-authors.	3
We thank Jenny Henzen and the Elsevier staff for supporting the project and providing data and Liz Anderson for implementing the experiment.	0
Since the main interest of this article is in measuring the posthoc impact of each paper, as approximated by its number of citations, citation data was regularly collected from two databases, Google Scholar (GS) and Scopus.	2
*Correspondence: J Mingers, Kent Business School, University of Kent, Canterbury CT2 7NZ Kent, UK.	0
The coefficient of correlation between 'delay' and 'number of subscriptions sold' is barely 0.12, with P value of 0.42, thus there is a very high probability that the slight apparent link between the two variables is merely the result of chance.	4
We are grateful to Steve Hand for his comments on an earlier version of this paper.	0
We organized author information such as type of librarian (academic vs.	3
However, our results indicate that ERA-LAC collaboration is biased towards a few, emerging countries, with most studies focused on sites in Brazil and Mexico (which is a powerful actor of intra-LAC cooperation), and there is a need to better tailor cooperation with low- and mid-income countries by conducting more targeted collaborations for R&D studies on biodiversity and climate change.	5
Utilizing methods of bibliometric analysis, descriptive statistics, heatmaps and social networks analysis, this study covers all sources of appropriate publications from the Scopus and Web of Science databases.	3
Bilateral cooperation was most common between the United States and United Kingdom (n=237).	4
This paper investigates the impact of financial incentives on R&D performance in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) by analyzing the number of papers published in Saudi-based universities and research institutes in seven sectors for 25 years (1995–2019).	1
Using a model where firms can choose their technology, we find that sectors with more digital capital exhibit a higher elasticity of substitution between value added and intermediate inputs and between capital and labor.	3
This paper focuses on 1,864 academic journal articles in the following study, whereas all others document types were discarded.	2
We used the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED), Web of Science Core Collection, Thomson Reuters.	2
Their research output and impact is explored in order to determine their patterns of production, mobility and scientific collaboration as compared with previous studies of the SNI researchers in the periods 1991–2001 and 2003–2009.	1
This means that male academics not only speak more often, but also on average they speak longer than female academics.	4
We recommend the use of beamplots as a significant and preferred alternative to the h index whenever the assessment of single researchers is required.	5
The results show that the level of aggregation has minor influence on determining cognitive distances, but dimensionality (two versus a high number of dimensions) has a greater influence.	4
The research question is: How does the use of performance targets influence academics' integrity?	1
This study aimed to evaluate the content and external characteristics of COVID-19 vaccine-related literature for tracking research trends related to the global COVID-19 vaccine with the means of bibliometrics and visualization maps.	1
The purpose of this paper is to identify embedded communities among Medical Ethics scholars in France based on their position and strength of association in the social networks they form.	1
We propose an univariate multilevel approach (Goldstein 2011; Hox, Moerbeek and van de Schoot 2018), consisting of the following five elements:	3
Our dataset consists of a total of almost one million authorships of 2010–2019 publications authored by about 28,000 professors in 230 research fields.	2
Data were collected from December 1st to 25th of 2019.	2
We conducted five experimental studies to test whether nonscientists perceive preprints as less credible than peer-reviewed literature and whether this depends on whether they receive an explanation of the peer-review process.	1
In the present work we aimed to explore the deleterious influence of unbalanced levels of international collaboration to the world's scientific indicators.	1
Wrongly identified nucleotide sequence reagents were classified according to previously described error categories, namely (i) claimed targeting reagents that were predicted to target another human gene or genomic sequence, (ii) claimed targeting reagents that were predicted to be non-targeting in human, and (iii) claimed non-targeting reagents that were predicted to target a human gene or transcript (Labbé et al.	3
Thus, their articles published in 2015 were removed, and the other 19,264 articles constitute the final research sample of this paper.	2
It is followed by the USA (139; 19.15), and Italy (110; 15.1%).	4
A helpful technical device in managing this tension between coverage and completeness was the distinction between a full perimeter, for which we were requested to collect a core set of data, and a restricted perimeter of research-active HEIs, for which the tender requested an extended set of data characterizing research activities.	3
The data collection was performed during April 2020.	2
A sample of 110 of 1610 (6.8%) manuscripts submitted to AJR in 2014 in the categories of Original Research or Review were analyzed using CrossCheck and manual assessment.	2
Data analysis used simple descriptive statistics, reporting proportions and values for each variable.	3
What does seem to be important for the creation of social impact are interactions that take place after the research has been completed, as a comparison between the forensic software case with impact and the medical protocol case without impact demonstrate.	4
From the article corpus, we extracted n-grams (n = 2,425).	2
Each article is represented as a set of concepts in the proposed method.	3
The authors acknowledge the support of Research Councils UK Digital Economy via grant EP/K039830/1.	0
All the interviewees were involved in reviewing and allocating personal career grants in 2009 for two funding programs within the Talent Program called Innovational Research Incentives Scheme (Vernieuwingsimpuls) of the NWO.	2
Information retrieval (IR) is chosen as the target domain.	2
While many institutions and national research panels declare commitment to responsible assessment practices, we ask: have these declarations affected the outcomes of research evaluation?	1
Loughborough University of United Kingdom is the most productive university of IJCIM in both the TP and TC categories.	4
Sampled researchers authored papers with an average of 1.8 colleagues at the beginning of their career (1980), while they collaborated with about 3 colleagues per paper during the evening of their careers (2011).	0
On the one hand, this could be seen to confirm the fact that social simulation is not yet recognised as a relevant pursuit in the social sciences, as has been previously suggested by Richiardi et al.	5
When might gender parity be reached among authors?	1
This study is based on the places of publication of books as registered in the VABB-SHW database (Flemish Academic Bibliographic Database for the SSH, or VABB-SHW) (see http://www.ecoom.be/en/vabb).	2
Out of a total of 81 sources, Sustainability from MDPI Publications published 37 documents (37, n = 216), Journal of Cleaner Production by Elsevier published 34 documents and Business Strategy and the Environment, a Wiley product, and Small Business Economics published by Springer both have published 11 documents each.	4
The Text-based features compute the text similarity between the abstract of cited paper and text of citing paper using cosine similarity measure and set the author name overlap feature to 'true' if the cited article and citing article have at least one common author.	3
1 Comparison of countries total citations ranking including and excluding self-citations 1996–2015	0
In particular we used the Scopus subject codes for Biochemisty, Genetics and Molecular Biology (BIOC), Dentistry (DENT), Health Professions (HEAL), Immunology and Microbiology (IMMU), Medicine (MEDI), Neuroscience (NEUR), Nursing (NURS) and Pharmacology, Toxicology and Pharmaceutical (PHAR).	2
We will investigate further the validity of reducing a large data set to a single index by examining the measures of The Complete University Guide data using principal components analysis.	3
The evaluation system, pursuit of other factors (including promotion, graduation and more research funds) and the research environment were regarded as the main factors encouraging research misconduct.	5
Under the language of correcting the literature the members are working out, along with authors, what the research record should be and, inevitably, what it is.	4
The IABC descriptive statistics (mean, minimum, maximum, and standard deviation) were calculated considering the three categories of author position in the by-line-first author, middle author, last author.	3
(2017), we used the Control of Corruption indicator by the World Bank, part of its Worldwide Governance Indicators (World Bank, 2016).	3
* For a report that formulates that need even in its title, see MALSCH, 1997a.	0
The FAHP results indicated that elimination of personal barriers should receive the highest priority, followed by institutional, psychological, social, and industrial.	4
Specifically, we sought to determine if the previously reported increase in journal coverage offered by Scopus resulted in a decrease in the reported quality of scholarship produced by nursing faculty as reported by our institution's standard reporting database, Web of Science.	1
Our analysis of publication venues confirms quantitatively the special role of conferences as a forum for computer science researchers, but also highlights remarkable differences between countries: for example, the number of Chinese articles appearing in journals is significantly larger than the number of conference papers, while the two numbers are in general more balanced or even inverted in some countries (e.g., India and the United States).	5
The affiliations of the primary author and co-authors were used to determine the involvement of Australian trained orthopaedic surgeons.	3
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
The paper was developed and revised based on the paper presented at the 9th International Conference on Webometrics, Informetrics and Scientometrics (WIS) & 14th COLLNET meeting held at Tartu, Estonia and Organized by the Estonian Research Council and COLLNET, 15-17, August 2013.	0
Since no single indicator adequately measures the impact or "quality" of a scientific journal (Bordons et al.	2
We extract the critical subnetwork from the original citation network which only reserves the significant nodes and edges that meet the three preceding points.	3
This study seeks to inform scholars about common reasons for internal editor review rejections, increase transparency of the process, and provide suggestions for improving submissions.	1
To commemorate its 50th anniversary, this study presents a retrospect on the journal's journey since it began publishing in 1972.	1
Facilitating communication between researchers and organizations from adjacent subdisciplines could benefit researchers and produce new, innovative research.	5
To cite this article: Sanjib Ghosh & Bijan Kumar Roy (2021) Webometric analysis of open access digital repository of agricultural sciences in Asia, COLLNET Journal of Scientometrics and Information Management, 15:1, 107-132, DOI: 10.1080/09737766.2021.1938743	0
The results verify that high research performance should be attributed to not a single factor but configurations involving different combinations of factors.	5
Table 2 clearly shows that China has the largest increase of centrality, over the periods studied, with its centrality ranking rising from 14th position in 2001–2005 to 10th place in 2006–2010, then to 7th place in 2011–2015.	4
The proportion of first authors as corresponding author increased over time (χ1 = 48.0, p < .0001; Fig.	4
Finally, the sixth concludes the work discussing the relevant findings and their implications for research policies.	0
Retracted publications in high-impact journals are highly cited.	4
The U-multirank study (CHERPA-Network, 2011; Van Vught & Ziegele, 2012) concluded with the proposal to address the diversity of missions of higher education institutions in the five dimensions mentioned above.	3
The use of Extension and Enhancement prevail HCRA titles, suggesting an exponential increase of sophistication and comprehensiveness of information in the curation and dissemination of scientific knowledge.	4
We administered the SOuRCe using a cross-sectional, online survey, with mailed follow-up to non-responders, of research-engaged employees in the research services of a random selection of 42 VA facilities (e.g., Hospitals/Stations) believed to employ 20 or more research staff.	2
And, gender bias is weakly related to the success.	5
The term map visualization enabled the requesting researchers to identify pain content areas that have been covered by Duke authors and examine interconnectivity through node relatedness.	4
As examples, the citation distributions for 1974 papers in the subfields of physiology and botany are	0
The overall mean citation rate of the papers, calculated by averaging the total number of citations by the number of publications, was 2.19 (SD = 2.57).	4
Annual publication counts and coauthor maps for four successive time periods (1980–1999, 2000–2008, 2009–2017, 2018-June 2023) showed growth in the literature and increased research activity (more researchers, more complex networks, more international collaboration), beginning in 2000.	4
The most plausible cause instead seemed to be the increased emphasis on evaluation and publications in Australian universities.	4
Papers were selected with the query, “fluorescent protein*” OR “bioluminescent protein*” OR “luminescent protein*” OR “photoprotein*", in the topic from all the papers published between 1900 and 2011 using Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) and Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI) updated 2012-11-16, which are provided as a service of the academic papers' database by Thomson Reuters.	2
Thus, we here apply multivariate analysis and before-and-after matched-group study to investigate the relationships among acknowledgement, co-authorship, and citation.	1
Our study results showed that a high percentage of the articles rejected by the Turk J Phys Med Rehab found a place in another journal later, and that non-specialty journals that accept general articles were more prominent in the selection of journal.	5
Quality analyses showed an increase in systematic reviews, cohort studies and clinical trials, and a decrease in publications in PubMed's core clinical journal collection.	4
I have addressed this gap by looking at the articles published by 36 countries and controlling for other variables that also influence citation impact.	1
In all three groups (all, female, and male), we find that junior collaborators achieve a higher impact than junior non-collaborators.	4
We assessed multidisciplinarity using the indicators of variety and balance, focusing on the journals where authors published during the past 5 years.	3
The combination of Altmetric score, Journal Impact Factor, and open access status in a multivariable model explained 40% of the variance in number of citations (TABLE 3).	4
Robert Braam is now an independent researcher, Liemers 12, 3524TK Utrecht, The Netherlands; Email: rrbraam@telfort.nl.	0
Our discussion attempts to answer five questions: (a) What type of language evidence can be obtained through an extrinsic plagiarism detection tool?	1
Table 11 Reliability of data collection techniques used in articles that used statistical methods in Arabic LIS journals	0
Research visits may therefore be of specific importance for otherwise immobile aca- demics.	5
1), which shows a five-fold increase from the 1950s (8.8 citations per paper) to 2000s (44.1 citations per paper).	4
The world map of the worldwide research productivity in 2005 to 2014.	0
Direct evidence can help people judge the validity of a hypothesis with rational thinking.	5
Among them, the USA has the most cooperation with China, having 1581 co-authored papers.	4
The largest percentage of papers from a particular sector cited in patents, relative to the total number of papers assigned to that sector, is obtained by the private sector (7.9%), followed by the health sector (4.2%).	4
RQ1 To what extent do Twitter users engage with scholarly tweets through different types of behaviors (i.e., liking, retweeting, quoting, and replying)?	1
This study argues that portfolio theory can provide a powerful tool to make research funding decisions.	1
I collected ORI annual reports and case summaries, the United States Federal Register, as well as posted notices in the "NIH Guide for Grants and Contracts."	2
Daganzo” in Table 4), and Chandra Bhat are ranked as the top three authors in the list.	4
The Chinese mainland displays statistically distinct distributions between gold OA publishing volume and citation behaviours across different research fields, compared with the world scenario.	4
Thus, we conclude that in the Moroccan context, the science policy towards grouping more academics into science teams hasn't yet resulted in higher scientific outputs.	5
In cardiology, the mean impact factor of journals used to publish research was higher than the two surgical disciplines (?Fig.	4
An article written by only female authors receives 20% less citations compared to one written only by only male authors (Odds ratio: 0.80; CI: 0.70-0.91).	4
The concordance between rankings of h-indices measured by GS and WoS is also higher in Chemistry and Cardiology than in Economics, Political Science and Sociology.	5
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 42 times since 2006*	0
Departamento de Biblioteconomía y Documentación, Universidad Carlos III, SCImago Research Group, Madrid 126, Getafe, Madrid 28903, Spain.	0
This suggests that by the time the retraction is issued, most papers have already exhausted their attention, meaning that the retraction does not serve the purpose of further reducing the attention.	4
Therefore, we concentrate on the years from 1998 to 2008 which encompass 113,057 articles.	2
The second contribution of this article concerns disciplinary differences.	5
The presented approach has the potential to instrument and expand strategic and proactive decisions of research entities from the insights generated for the evaluation and analysis of the cohesion of research groups.	5
Since this study aimed to calculate the elasticity of manuscript submissions to APCs, the number of manuscript submissions to individual journals in a year was taken as a dependent variable and APC as one of the independent variables.	3
A term co-occurrence analysis is conducted as from documents extracted from Web of Science, covering the period 1980–2015.	2
Alarmingly, one-fifth of the editorials were funded by external agencies, with the USA leading the list of retracted editorials.	4
Self-citation was commonly identified as an effective way to increase personal citation counts, with clear strategic intent indicated by a UK-based academic who stated that he "heard colleagues externally speak about purposefully increasing their individual h-index by strategically self-citing publications so that borderline publication of theirs contribute to raising their score" [R52].	4
Institute for Education and Information Sciences, IBW, University of Antwerp (UA), Antwerp B-2000, Belgium & KU Leuven, Department of Mathematics, Leuven B-3000, Belgium.	0
Then, we further restrict the organization type to research and academic, and end up with 344 institutions as the sample.	2
The great similitude between Yahoo! inlinks and Google Scholar URL mentions may be due to the fact that Google Scholar is an academic search engine that covers papers and patents in which the URL mentions are, in many cases, links.	4
A search was carried out in early 2014 for journal articles, proceedings papers, or reviews published in the period 1989-2014 in the Research Area Computer Science, and then noting those FCB countries that had at least 1,000 publications that met these search criteria.	2
We found that the SIP model of the Finnish SRC, introduced a distinct model by requesting researchers to become deeply involved in stakeholder collaborations in their daily research activities and providing clear incentives for it.	5
The aim is to understand whether a blanket subscription policy is the best way to facilitate the accessibility of scholarly knowledge or if subject-specific needs implications of other global OA initiatives are worth considering when implementing the ONOS policy.	1
With low density and centrality, Clusters 2, 10 and 12 are located in quadrant III.	4
The ranking produced is broadly in line with citation-based rankings of economics journals, such as Kalaitzidakis, Mamuneas and Stengos (2011).	5
We take scientific collaboration on publication activity indicators of Russian universities from Russian Science Citation Index (RSCI).	2
Anais da Academia Brasileira de Ciências | Annals of the Brazilian Academy of Sciences	0
Since the start of century, perhaps interdisciplinary research and multidisciplinary collaboration are becoming a new tendency in sciences, which presents an opportunity for further research.	0
The results indicate that RFAs are more productive on a per-grant and per-dollar basis.	4
Squared terms allow for the possibility that the variables involved eventually have diminishing benefits or even a negative effect on citations (Berry & Feldman, 1985), e.g.	3
A negative or low DI or DC scores of a scientist or an author do not mean that the scientific or research contribution is low or insignificant.	5
We found diminishing institutional differences with ICT expansion.	4
In this sense, universities have indeed overwhelmingly 'followed the money'.	5
Acknowledgment profiles of four frequently-thanked researchers identified three different roles that researchers might play in tardigrade studies—”informal academic editorial consultant,” “taxonomic gatekeeper,” and “all-rounder.”	4
The perception that co-authors on large authorship publications have not meaningfully contributed underlies widespread institutional bias against multi-authored papers, disincentivizing large collaborations despite their widely recognized value for advancing knowledge.	5
We compare national funding schemes for evolutionary biology in ten different countries (see table 1 for details).	2
Citations of computational packages implementing density functional theory show how influential and transcending this theoretical development in the understanding of material properties has been.	5
H3 suggested that mobility (domestic and international) mediates the relationship between early-career capital and research-career capital.	4
Studies on the relationship between the numbers of citations and downloads of scientific publications is beneficial for understanding the mechanism of citation patterns and research evaluation.	1
A list of potential participants including current PhD students, faculty and alumni of Schools of Nursing was created from those who had participated in the Goodfellow et al. (2012) study and had expressed interest in participating in other studies related to ETD development.	2
The correlation between citation count and readership score is highest for the articles of the age category B, i.e.	4
Figure 1 shows the number of citations per year for each of the F-group articles.	0
[1], Bibliometrics is a set of methods used to study the impact of a particular field, the impact of a set of researchers or a particular article.	3
In particular the distributions are not of a power-law, scale-free type.	4
This work is related to journal metrics and citation-based indicators for the assessment of scientific scholar journals from a general bibliometric perspective.	1
After above-mentioned pre-processing, 13,591 papers remain with an average of 5.26 references for each of them, 10,140 authors and 248 venues without considering time, or 437 venues if taking each venue per year as a separate entity.	2
Interestingly, the percentage of oncology-related neurosurgery grants significantly increased throughout the study period (P=0.002).	4
Our primary outcome compares the mean citations of articles randomized to TrendMD versus control after 12 months.	3
In this study, we generally postulate that there are two groups of countries that are committed to medical-related scientific and technological knowledge continuity which is useful for preventive measures during an epidemic crisis.	1
Cleary of Orsanco; and Captain Robert Wilcox at the Port of Baltimore, for unpublished data.	0
Forty-nine different individual authors were identified who were collectively prolific for between 1-8 years within the assessment decade.	4
This study, therefore, applied scientometric analysis to evaluate the scientific progress on QMRA in water quality analysis in the years 2016–2021, which could be essential to water resources managers and researchers on the directions of the field now and in the future.	1
Specifically speaking, 'reciprocity' was perceived as the most important prerequisite (mean = 5.611, mode = 7.0), followed by 'trust' (mean = 5.442, mode = 6.0), 'accountability' (mean = 5.398, mode = 6.0), 'equality' (mean = 4.991, mode = 6.0), 'networking channels' (mean = 4.600, mode = 5.0) and 'supplies and funds' (mean = 4.574, mode = 6.0), while 'physical proximity' (mean = 3.377, mode = 1.0) was perceived as unimportant.	4
Patterns of interdisciplinarity can thus be distinguished, as different ways in which the three dynamics co-evolve.	5
On completion of thirty-one (31) years of publication, this paper aims to examine the character-istics of the journal to identify the trajectory through bibliometric analysis- a pursuit common in aca-demic research.	1
Can authors' position in the ascription be a measure of dominance?	1
We consider two indicators of the performance of HDP: the perplexity of the result and the number of topics.	3
2 Registrar, Department of Anesthesiology and Critical Care Medicine, Berufsgenossenschaftliche Unfallklinik, Murnau am Staffelsee, Germany	0
Moreover, on the American side, the seven top-ranked LIS schools/departments based on the U.S.	2
Hence, all analyzed datasets displayed findings in accordance with the tilted funnel hypothesis and the EOB.	5
RQ3: Which institution types have better representation of female authors in the research output?	1
562 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2001	0
For accumulated IFs and total citations of articles, mainland China ranked the first place, followed by Taiwan and Hong Kong.	4
Online survey and structural equation modeling (SEM) were used.	3
In a multiple linear regression model, adjusting for multiple confounders/effect modifiers, including number of years since training and total number of publications, the H index was significantly associated with academic rank (coefficient = 0.33, p = 0.04).	4
The findings further suggest that even though there are drawbacks to collaboration, majority of LIS researchers thought that collaboration is beneficial and should be encouraged.	5
'Medicine, Research & Experimental' and ‘Medicine, General & Internal' and the three best-ranking journals in each JCR category (further referred to as ‘Med-R&E’, 'Med-G&I', and 'Top 3', respectively).	1
The data on which this study is based were extracted from the ESO database OPC70.	2
The number and variety of issues raised in this paper on research with tables and graphs in academic articles show that methodological studies are needed.	5
Beyond this point, the growth of fame is more volatile, although we observe no clear decreasing trend.	4
The most cited article (Dindo et al.) classified surgical complications by severity score (5746 citations).	4
Therefore, we provided each voter with a randomly generated sample of 20 papers from all the nominated papers in the original list.	3
First, the present paper considered the literature in the EFF research between 1996 and 2018 (Vanham et al., 2019).	2
We downloaded from PubMed the title, abstract, and medical subject heading terms for 10,065 articles published in 25 general radiology journals in 2012 and 2013.	2
Therefore, only publications that are denoted as articles or reviews are included in the analysis.	2
This issue is not a large problem, because when non-political scientists are represented, they are much more likely to work at universities in which virtually every department offers a Ph.D.	0
Article in African Journal of Library, Archives and Information Science · May 2016	0
In order to conduct multivariate analysis, a linear multivariate regression model was created, where the dependent variable was biological age and the independent variables were (1) academic age, (2) gender, (3) institutional type, (4) academic discipline, and (5) academic position.	3
For each article selected, all parameters were normalized to standardize information collected in the fields: geographic origin of the article, number of institutions, type of study, topic of the study, and h-index of the corresponding author.	0
In conclusion, structural differences in author-paper affiliation network may influence the methodological quality of SRs and MAs on psoriasis.	5
Academic Tracker provides highly customizable reporting templates so information about the resulting publications is easily transformed into appropriate formats for tracking and reporting purposes.	1
The newly elected president of the university is a professor of medicine at the hospital.	0
Data on appointment, education, and research interest of 642 tenured/tenure track faculty members from the 44 LIS schools were collected.	2
Research expenditure was significantly correlated with both research output (/=0.86, P<0.001) and scholarly impact (r=0.42, P<0.001).	4
The evaluation of risks dominates reviewers' evaluation of research proposals and is a source of inter-reviewer variability.	4
Research Question 1: Among doctoral students within the same institution, do the number of scholarly works submitted for publication, first-authored, and published differ between women and men?	1
Table 1 below indicates how the shape of the research assistants' Google Sheet changed over time.	0
Hence, potential effects of methodological choices seem to be of limited importance compared to the stability of citation networks.	5
Our study aimed to explore the disciplinary composition of the L-Schools, gauge current research interests of the L-School faculty, and compare disciplinary composition of L-Schools and iSchools.	1
A Pearson product-moment-production correlation coeffi- cient test was performed using a statistical software package (IBM SPSS Statistics version 23.0 (IBM, Chicago, IL)) to analyse the association between the impact factor of a journal and the number of articles published in that journal in the top 103 list.	3
The network layout is generated, using the Harel-Koren Fast Multiscale algorithm in data visualization (Harel and Koren 2001), which demonstrates a clearer network pattern.	3
As such, we conclude that the adoption of more metrics, with complementary features, to assess journal quality would be very beneficial as it would both offer a more comprehensive and balanced view of each journal in the space of scholarly publications, as well as eliminate the pressure on individuals and their incentive to do metric manipulation which is an unintended result of the current (mis)use of the IF as the gold standard for publication quality.	5
Building on this disciplinary activity and focusing specifically on the use of government information in nursing scholarship, this study analyses a subset of data from a larger grey literature study (Woods et al., 2020b) to measure government information use across seven top research journals in nursing.	1
The authors would also like to thank our colleagues, Liying Yang, Yajuan Zhao, Junpeng Yuan, and Jielan Ding, from the National Science Library, Chinese Academy of Sciences, for their advice and suggestions and Mengge Sun for assistance with data collection.	0
Key mentor attributes mentioned were availability, guidance, reputation, and history of success.	4
We collated correction notices (a composite of corrections, expressions of concern (EoC) and retraction notices) up until 1 October 2020 for publications by the research group led by Yoshihiro Sato and Jun Iwamoto.	2
Text in italics is a translation from a response in Japanese	0
Using data from the journal peer review process of a single journal in the Social Sciences field (Business, Management and Accounting), we examine the effects of peer review on papers submitted to that journal including the effect upon citation, a novel step in the study of the outcome of peer review.	1
By reviewing the literature and offering a list of recommendations, our main objective is to stimulate further dialogue across all stakeholder groups and to inspire further concrete steps towards increasing awareness, promoting the continued implementation of existing guidance, creating standards and best practices and developing technical solutions to facilitate the expeditious handling of retracted publications.	5
(2021), who assessed the performance of citations under OPR in Nature Communications using a linear regression model, in this study the LM linear regression model in R was adopted to fit the number of citations to time.	3
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0001-253X.htm	0
We performed a PubMed search to obtain the texts of articles that were available online.	0
The overall gain percentages of the section-based approach were 15% for top-10, 14% for top-15, and 12% for the top-20 recommendations.	4
Therefore, perhaps an unexpected finding is that, in general, Sleeping Beauties appear to be highly cited publications in the longer term.	5
We would like to stress, however, that these possible explanations for the role of impact factor in policy development are speculative at this point, and more research is needed.	0
The intermediate step of converting 2-D distances between journal pairs into rank relatedness was done for these measures, but the plots are not shown here.	0
The lockdown issue with 223 articles, postlockdown phase 1 had 267, postlockdown phase 2 had 321, and postlockdown phase 3 with 316 (1127 articles) articles in IJO showed a rising trend in a number of published articles compared with the prelockdown issues (216 articles).	4
A total of 137 661 articles were published between 2007 and 2017 in the 98 obstetrics and gynecology journals.	4
Sandia is a multiprogram laboratory operated by Sandia Corporation, a Lockheed Martin Company, for the United States Department of Energy under Contract DE-AC04-94AL85000.	0
total citations received since the time of publication) and normalization of the citation counts according to the citation standards of all papers of the same type in the WoS database published in the same year and belonging to the same subject category.	3
The study proves the applicability of DEA methodology in the performance evaluation of scientific journals.	5
The application of HJ-Biplot enabled us to employ a multivariate approach from an integrated study of indicators, since it provides an optimum quality of representation for rows and columns in the same reference system.	5
The 50 most-cited articles from mainland China were retrieved and reviewed.	3
In particular we study how a journal's status within the scientific community (impact factor) and accessibility (open access policy) relates to its status within Wikipedia (percent of its articles referenced on Wikipedia).	1
AHRQ, Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality; K, research career programs; NCI, National Cancer Institute; NHLBI, National Heart Lung and Blood Institute; R, research projects; U, cooperative agreements.	0
The study is confined to the data gathered from journals indexed by Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ).	1
The Journal Impact Factor (IF) in 2020 was used for impact analysis of the journals.	3
*The journals were coded by randomly assigning an identifying consonant to each journal.	0
Interestingly, trials of ‘RNA-based vaccines’ were registered very early in the course of the pandemic (February 2020) with trials evaluating the vaccine developed by Moderna TX (mRNA-1273) followed by the vaccine developed by Pfizer/BioNTech (BNT162b2) and sibling ones like BNT162b1 or BNT162b2sa that were not much longer tested (Fig.	4
Of interest was (a) the extent to which African authors are embedded into the global community of scholars; (b) the extent to which the networks of relationships between African scholars across Africa are mediated by relationships with authors from developed countries and (c) the differences between the relatively well funded network subset related to HIV (the HIV network) and the less well funded network in general public administration and governance research (the general network).	1
The databases searched included PubMed, Scopus, Web of Sciences, and Cochrane Library.	2
The data used in this study are retrieved from the in-house bibliometric data-system of CWTS.	2
Undergraduate medical students were given a pre-tested semi-structured questionnaire which contained: (a) Demographic details; (b) A quiz developed by Indiana University, USA to assess knowledge; and (c) Attitudes towards Plagiarism (ATP) questionnaire.	2
Thus, the present study aimed to characterize the output of original scientific articles and review articles on COVID-19 published by Cuban authors in journals included in Scopus, the collaborations in these publications and their impact, in terms of citations of the studies in the world literature.	1
By using a curated selection of key-words, we ensured that we cover articles dealing with caves published in both cave-specific and general inter-national journals.	2
A summary and analysis of these results can be found below.	0
The British school has also shown very remarkable results being the second most influential country.	5
The web of science (WoS) core collection database is utilized for bibliometric analysis in this work.	2
As a consequence, we argue that such institutions may hold vast amounts of untapped potential, which may be realised by improving access to top scientists.	5
These processes are not mutually exclusive, but overlapping, and can describe the behavior of a single individual in the same session.	0
1 Forum Internationale Wissenschaft, Bonn University, Heussallee 18-24, 53113 Bonn, Germany	0
Since last reviewed 5 years previously, some units had changed their position, whereas others had remained reasonably static.	4
This exercise is repeated for the seven mega institutions chosen for study.	0
Online questionnaire was designed to collect data using SurveyMonkey software from 335 academic librarians in 57 institutions (Universities, Polytechnics, and Colleges of Education) in Nigeria.	3
The present study showed the importance of filtering out nonessential citations before assigning weight in a weighted citation analysis, which may be a significant step forward to realizing these promises.	5
In this paper, we propose an end-to-end deep learning framework for paper citation counts prediction: DeepCCP.	5
All statistical analysis performed in SAS 9.4 [8].	3
The data were entered, cleaned, and analyzed using the SPSS version 24 software package.	3
We ask how efficiently information will be used in the presence of this externality effect under four cases: exogenously given prices, ownership and pricing by a profit-maximizing monopolist, ownership and pricing by a firm restricted by competition or mandate to earn zero profit, and open access.	1
We group the authors in our dataset into cohorts based on their career starting year, which we identify with the year of their first publication on record, and examine their impact mobility between the first 5 y and second 5 y (i.e., years 6 to 10) of their careers.	3
We then test if editors exercise influence on authors to cite editors' papers by either pressuring authors (“editor-pressure” hypothesis) or accepting articles with references to the editors' papers (“editor-selection” hypothesis), by using the keyword analysis and the forward citation analysis, respectively.	1
The document distribution in the analyzed period was: journal articles (32.262 %) and conference papers (67.738 %).	4
In the case of Top 25 institutions (column (2)) the advisor coefficient is small and not statistically significant.	4
Each sequence records the yearly time series of credited jobs over the entire working life of the actor or actress [1].	2
up to 64° 10' and back to zero for 8, and from D, or 2R, down to 0.436D, and back up to D for le, are shown in Fig.	0
The affiliation, location and address data for each author was examined.	0
This should be taken into account when the indicator values are interpreted for shared references within this period.	0
Bradford's (1934) distribution is used to identify the core journals in a field.	3
Publisher's Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Thomson Data Analyzer (TDA) [32] and HistCite [33] were used as statistical analysis tools.	3
2013 ASIS&T Published online 12 September 2013 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
We also calculated the authors' Dominance Factor [DF = number of first-authored articles/ (total number of authored articles - number of single-authored articles)] that indicates the proportion of multi-authored articles in which a researcher is the first author.	3
In the broader set of papers published in WoS indexed journals over the period 2010-2015 in the scientific domain of Economics and having at least one author affiliated to a Portuguese institution, as the percentage of female authorship decreases, the MST obtained from the corresponding network of subjects moves from a star configuration to a path motif.	4
Although the Kardashian Index was created in a lighthearted manner, a more serious tone emerges, prompting questions about the shifting role of scholarly and public influence.	5
Received March 10, 2009; Accepted April 6, 2009; Published May 5, 2009	0
A comprehensive literature search from January 1900 to December 2017 was conducted using Web of Science Core Collection by a university hospital librarian.	2
We analyze the mentioning of the official URL of VOSviewer (www.vosviewer.com) in three scenarios: academic publications, web at-large, and social media.	3
Hemos utilizado el algoritmo desarrollado por Jon Kleinberg (Kleinberg, 2003), que detecta cuándo ciertos términos se ponen de moda en un discurso y cuándo terminan apagándose.	3
Each article was evaluated by 2 reviewers (WNN and RS) and assigned to 1 or more of 16 applicable rehabilitation topics: Amputation, Cancer Rehabilitation, Ethics/Professionalism, Exercise, Medical Technology (imaging, technology, activity monitors, or robotics), Musculoskeletal Medicine, Neurodegenerative Disorders (MS, ALS, Parkinson's), Neurodiagnostics (EMG/NCS), Non-Traumatic Brain Injury (Stroke and Other), Pediatric Rehabilitation, Residency/Medical Training or Education, Spinal Cord Injury, Spine, Sports Medicine, Traumatic Brain Injury, or Other.	3
The sample consists of the 121 developed and developing countries with the highest rate of publications in the period analysed.	2
Specifically, we test the hypotheses that (1) the geographic location of handling editors and authors predict editorial and peer review outcomes, and that (2) the language (English versus other) and (3) the economic, health, and educational developments of an author's home country explain much or possibly all of the variation across geography in editorial and peer review outcomes.	1
We obtained data on international coauthorship networks between these 30 countries from the Web of Science (Thomson Reuters).	2
Thomson Reuters SCI Expanded was used to examine the profile of each researcher.	2
The increase in the number of authors over time noted here is not unique; it has been noticed in the literature of various health care domains, including radiation oncology, emergency medicine, orthopedics, cardiac surgery, and hand surgery, across a num- ber of different general and specialist journals, and as early as 1969.	5
The source (origin) country of the publication was defined on the basis of the first author's affiliation.	2
The paper introduces an improved methodology for analyzing trends in four major schools of thought in psychology from 1979 to 2020.	3
The article aims at presenting some of the strategies and tools used in scientometry and at illustrating how such an approach may be applied to another field.	1
The most famous example is the “star” network, where there is only one node connected to all other nodes in the network, thereby giving a centrality value of 100%.	0
To cast a wide net, this study included seven general public policy journals tracked by Thomson Reuters' Journal Citation Reports (JCR, also known by the outdated short-hand “ISI journals”):	2
The third cohort (Top-3) comprises journals from all SCIE and SSCI categories (n=236 categories).	2
Next, we used an openly available Crossref database snapshot (Crossref, 2020), which contains all Crossref records registered until March 2020, to calculate the journals' combined article volume for the 5-year period from 2015 to 2019.	2
By analyzing the CoARA initiative exclusively through documents and information from its official website, this study seeks to offer insights and reflections on research assessment, a field often approached superficially.	2
The findings are revealing in exploring the contributions of Muslim majority science systems to global science.	5
Holsapple, Gatton College of Business and Economics, University of Kentucky, Lexington, KY 40506, USA.	0
For the present study, we used variable in the econometric model such as the number of published articles as a proxy of scientific production.	2
We also construct a co-authorship network from the publications of core NACP members, describe the structure and social pathways within the community.	3
(2015) to identify important papers in a network based on their potential for flow vergence.	3
This article is an extended version of a paper presented at the 13th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics, Durban (South Africa), 4–7 July 2011 (Rousseau 2011).	0
Observing the Table 4 Medicine is the area which has the highest production in all countries except China, South Korea and the Russian Federation.	4
Can citation data be used to compare major subject encyclopedias in the chemical sciences?	1
However, for the double-indexed open access mega journal IEEE Access, we found large discrepancies regarding the numbers of published records based on journal publisher, Scopus, and WoSCC.	4
As a result of the crawling and filtering processes, we obtained 1,872 papers published by the 81 researchers involved in the analysis, where the oldest paper is dated 1979 and the most recent ones are from the beginning of 2013.	2
The second dataset includes data for patenting teams responsible for 4,060,564 patents filed by 2,732,326 inventors across 87,937 cities between 1976 and 2020.	2
We applied the model to the entities generated through author id (zbMATH-a), to the entities generated through surname and the initials of all provided given names (PNAS-a, PRE-a), to the entities generated through the names on papers (zbMATH-b, PNAS-b, PRE-b), and to the entities generated through short name, namely surname and the initial of the first given name (zbMATH-c, PNAS-c, PRE-c).	2
The existence of scientific collaboration between researchers from different groups was based on co-authorship.	3
To carry out the analysis, we developed various scientometric indicators (described below), and used two scientometric tools developed for Scopus by the SCImago Research Group (Spain): the SCImago Journal and Country Rank (SJCR), and the SCImago Institutions Rankings (SIR).	2
In this comprehensive review of retracted anesthesia literature, we adapted search parameters from other systematic reviews to develop a reproducible strategy for identifying retracted articles in anesthesiology.	3
The research contribution of these three countries combined is forecasted to overtake that of Europe within ten years, with China expected to be the second -largest contributor within five years.	4
We used principal component analysis (PCA) to study the overall competitiveness in the discipline of stomatology for universities worldwide.	3
Using data from the world's largest biomedical research funders, we estimated the frequency and direction of this cross-disease spillover by examining 337,573 grant-publication pairs for four diseases.	2
Among the eight articles with no alphabetical ordering of the authors' names, the application of the paired t-test comparing the values of the IABCs by position in the by-line (Fig.	4
First, Altmetrics has effectively replace the citation counts in the prediction models.	5
However, and most importantly for our purpose, the correlation between the two scores is 0.75, suggesting that these two indicators are closely related.	4
However, an explanation of the peer-review process reduces the credibility of preprints (Studies 3 and 4).	4
journal publication productivity has increased significantly in the last decade [the 1990s], but its impact has declined" (Butler, 2003a, p.	1
Table 1 reports the z-statistic for testing the null hypothesis that the proportion of top citations and top papers claimed by individual journals is zero.	3
More precisely, we look at the rank-size plot, given by the logarithm of the number of citations received as a function of the rank of the paper.	0
The authors wish to acknowledge the encouragement and guidance of Ms.	0
Since publications and individual scientific impact are often reported as an important factor in hiring, promotion, and tenure, we compared the publishing trends we observed in our data with promotional trends for career academics obtained from NSF.	3
Based on the findings of the study two literature review search tasks, of finding seminal and topically similar papers, have been identified as the first two tasks of an assistive system.	5
The core gap is defined as Z – Y + 1 – h, or informally, the number of missing years in the core.	3
Figure 4 Results of the query jew on August 7, 2005	0
Hereinafter, number of publications and its characteristics, collaboration patterns, as well as impact of analyzed articles in world science will be discussed.	0
These indicators and the final evaluation attributed to each R&D unit were extracted from the evaluation reports (FCT, 2014b).	2
We address these questions by analyzing the publishing process of the interdisciplinary research project titled “Mountland.”	1
To access an HCP's online date, we employed the Crossref API, which caches bibliographic metadata of scholarly works and provides free services to access them.	2
The measures of centrality and the clusters within the network were calculated using the R package 'network' (Handcock et al.	3
All articles were published during 2006–2018, with 56% of articles being published in 2016-2018.	4
In addition, I conducted semi-structured interviews across the two research groups with laboratory leads through to junior researchers (twenty-five in total).	3
These AWSB examples were found in references on SBs.	2
This study calculates the RWIF for subject websites using two webometric tools.	3
Further, E&C among scientists increased over time, as reflected by researchers' perceptions.	4
For this procedure, three different programs were chosen: Microsoft Excel 2013–Data tabulation of The VantagePoint version 7 and exported to UCINET version 6 (import the data, graph building, analysis of indicators for networks and nodes and visualization of relationships among key stakeholders and Gephi version 0.82 beta-This program allows artistic visualization of networks.	3
In contrast, Scopus indexes over ten times more documents in Chinese (86,821) than does WoS (7231).	4
We have proposed redesigning funding systems according to a few simple principles, namely, focusing on funding people instead of projects and involving as many scientists in funding decisions as possible.	1
We surveyed publications listed on the Web of Science that were authored by researchers from both the ERA and LAC and that were published between 2003 and 2013.	2
Beginning from the raw data of the WoS and applying a complex algorithm for reconciliation of bibliometric addresses, each publication is attributed to the organizations of its co-authors, and consequently to the territory where they work.	2
Many journals have reacted to the increase in authors per paper by requiring authors to describe their contribution to the study in a footnote devoted to that purpose; some authors have chosen to do so voluntarily.	4
Two clustering techniques were applied in our study to find communities of similar papers: Blondel et al.'s method (2008) and factor analysis.	3
In particular, the study considered 267,325 manuscripts, of which 129,769 were ultimately published in 4459 different peer-review journals indexed in PubMed and contained all the metadata necessary for the present analysis.	2
We find evidence that the personality traits of conscientiousness and openness exercise consistent, compensatory effects across domains of research success on measures of both quantity and quality; high scores on one measure seem to substitute for low scores on the other.	4
Consequently, although the percentage of Q1 publications is usually believed to be independent on the research area and allows comparison of individuals from different research areas, this is not the case, and this not allows fair comparisons among them.	5
Therefore, the people-thing paradigm appears to be valid in context of Indian research as well.	5
boundary-spanning knowledge recombination — shifted in biomedical research over the last half century?	1
However, it cannot be ignored that it has also considerably sped the pace of knowledge production.	5
The retraction is not mentioned in 96% (107/112) of direct post-retraction citations for which we were able to conduct citation context analysis.	4
The “Web of Science” database was accessed for primary bibliometric data regarding PG using search terms "pediatric glaucoma," "paediatric glaucoma," “congenital glaucoma,” and “childhood glaucoma.”	2
This article will borrow some young machine learning techniques to give a visual representation of recent philosophy as a whole.	1
The largest convex component of a graph that emerges after the removal of the least number of edges is called a convex skeleton.	3
The concept of JIF was first introduced by Garfield in 1955 [10], and its calculation can be formulated as the following form: JIF (k) = (Ncitations (k, k - 1) + Ncitations (k, k ?	3
480 original articles published in 2009 were identified through a combined comprehensive computer and manual library search.	2
For comparison of the qualitative variables we used x2 test.	3
RQ6: What is the degree of collaborative authorship?	1
Comparisons between the two data sets reveal that engagement with open-access publishing has increased among faculty in LIS schools between 2013 and 2018.	5
To maximize URL findability, two RegEx were designed.	3
The common methods in literature to increase DSA included instituting protected research time (23.8%) and research curriculum (21.5%).	4
All content following this page was uploaded by Edgar Schiebel on 09 October 2018.	0
Data were retrieved from the Web of Science database from 2003 to 2012; this was searched using different terms related to breast cancer, including "breast cancer", "mammary ductal carcinoma" and "breast tumour".	2
Consistent with predictions, the correlation between citations to first author publications and time until promotion was significantly stronger than the correlation between number of citing articles to total publications minus self-citing articles and time until promotion, Steiger's Z = 2.55, p < .05, and the correlation between the first author h-index and time until promotion was significantly stronger than the correlation between the total publications h-index and time until promotion, Steiger's Z = 2.89, p < .01.	4
The Spearman correlation coefficient was used for assessing the correlation between AASs, citation numbers, ACpYs, post-publication year numbers, journal H-indexes and IFs.	3
Specifically, we use a dummy variable (Top10) as the dependent variable, coded 1 if a paper is among the top 10% highly-cited as of 2018 in the same cohort of papers with the same publication year and in the same field, and 0 otherwise.	3
422 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—March 2003	0
In order to do so, this study uses the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS) as the database for obtaining the information.	2
The journalism literature yielded a total of 8,358 citations and 1,249 unique titles within during the seven periods.	4
We excluded books, book chapters, and reports, though we recognize that these are important avenues for disseminating research findings, particularly in the humanities and social sciences.	2
Table 1 shows that the most common type of novelty is new method (57 percent of articles presented a new method), followed closely by new result (49 percent of articles shared a new result).	4
Therefore, the aim of this paper is to test and analyse the variations of the alpha (x) values in the equation InOrdinatio and its influence in the qualification of the items that composes a portfolio.	1
With 9 hits, “Football” is the sport that benefits the most from ESMQ outputs.	4
The data were obtained on November 17, 2018, from the Web of Science (Clarivate Analytics).	2
Therefore, this study uses the fractional counting method (FCM) for the construction of networks of most co-cited sources and co-authorship networks of institutions and countries.	3
Our methods and findings can serve as a new tool for scientific evaluation and the modeling of scientific history.	5
The clustering results revealed two overall scientific patterns: a flat pattern and a peak pattern.	5
This paper examined whether the co-authorship networks of Hofstede-inspired research over the last 40 years are sufficiently diverse from the perspectives of cultural diversity and diversity of specialization to inspire creative future research.	5
Our results thus provide empirical support to the concerns voiced by academics on both sides of the Atlantic, about the important consequences of the proclivity for risk aversion and conservatism in the funding allocation process (Luukkonen, 2012; Stephan, 2013).	5
In addition, a total of 22 interviews was conducted, 13 of which corresponded to evaluators from the agricultural sciences who had participated in CTA, CS, and CH commissions in the last 5 years.	2
All publication lists were divided into three time periods: 1 January 2001 to 31 December 2003; 1 January 2004 to 31 December 2006; and 1 January 2007 to 31 December 2009.	2
Offshore & coastal geotechnics, Energy geotechnics and mining, Landslides and debris flow and Geohazards, risk and reliability).	5
The paper concludes by considering what an ethical impactology might look like, and finds at its heart the responsible use and non-use of metrics.	1
We used ISI WoS Core Collection (SCIE, SSCI and A&HCI databases) to extract only “articles" relating to the country of “France” and the WoS “Medical Ethics” subject category.	2
We then define our yearly normalized citations, ?t, as c t i normalized by the average yearly citations of the papers in N i t , formally,	3
Adapted bibliometric indices appear to be equally valid measures of evaluating academic productivity, impact and reach.	5
We analyze what literature has had the most influence on the field in the last decade, as indicated by citations made by articles published in Ecological Economics (EE), and which publications in the journal have had the most influence both on the field and on the wider scientific community.	1
*Attorney, editor, sponsor, institutional official often with author, or not clear.	0
Although human-computer interaction is not new in the sciences (Dix, Finlay, Abowd, & Beale, 2004), research on interactive tables and graphs is new, and clearly interactive tables and graphs should not be treated in the same way as static ones.	4
Using several co-authorship network indicators (see Table 5), it can be seen that the average degree of co-authorship increased in each cumulative period.	4
3) observation and evaluation of knowledge obsolescence rates between educational technology and science / engineering.	1
The interactive quality of these phenomena leads us to ask what social mechanisms emerge in transdisciplinary team science?	1
We have not found that these programmes led to dramatic changes in research goals and practices.	5
In total, these publications receive 451,982 scientific tweets.	2
The results show that Twitter users have a higher concern degree on Nature articles than Facebook users, and Nature articles have higher and faster-growing impact on Twitter than on Facebook.	4
Specialty-specific data maximize the utility of this metric when comparing members of the field and considering applications for academic advancement.	5
Data were expressed as mean± standard deviation (SD).	3
All mean differences are lower than the overall mean difference (with 0.34, see Table 1).	4
Our study identifies the most important countries in terms of their share in producing the world's scientific research papers related to fruit and vegetables.	5
The exact start and end years are relatively arbitrary but were chosen to be round numbers.	0
Acknowledgments Significant research assistance in data treatment, software to facilitate the analyses, and development of visualizations was provided by Jon Garner and Webb Myers.	0
H2 Proposals are more likely to be successful when there is a match between the topic profiles for the proposal references and the applicant's previous publications.	4
All 329 podium presentations published in the 2009 SICOT Conference podium abstract book were included in the study.	2
The readability measures shown in Table 2 indicate that, on the whole, these later chapters are easier to read than the earlier ones.	4
We follow up on the point about the Matthew effect in the current study by using a recently developed Stata command (h_index) and R package (hindex), which can be used to simulate h index and ha index</METRIC> applications in research evaluation.	1
We indexed papers that belong to ophthalmology category and limited the document types to article and review.	3
In conclusion, h index appears to be a superior tool for evaluating academic ranks in American Psychiatry.	5
This article aims to provide systematic evidence about how often Twitter is used to disseminate information about journal articles in the biomedical sciences.	1
However, when previous studies about the internationalization of higher education are considered, some limitations in scope can be identified.	0
This rise of predatory journals threatens the quality of scholarship.	5
Overall, it can be concluded that information science academics in Kenya are publishing, but still perishing.	5
The entire PubMed corpus was used for the feasibility study, then ten frequent diseases in terms of PubMed indexing and the citations of four Nobel prize winners.	2
So, we decide to publish together our combined argument proving Q in order to collectively own the ‘intellectual property' (i.e., the priority right) of the claim Q, a claim whose ownership we would not get if we had published in a separate way our discoveries of P and P → Q.	4
To visually illustrate network connections, we developed networking graphs using NodeXL Pro, an open source network analysis extension for Microsoft Excel (Smith et al., 2010).	3
Quantification of savings in journal space for this cause seemed to be subjective and was not considered in the analysis earlier.	0
Taken together, our results suggest that authorship on publications reflects a heterogeneous set of factors including conceptual contributions but also other types of substantive contributions as well as social factors.	5
The first step increased around a 24% the recall of the reference lexical query.	4
Inductive and deductive approaches were combined to analyze factors of collaborative readiness and to identify perceptions of E&C among project teams.	3
Contributions from Pakistan were 658(72%) in which major contribution was of Sindh 481(52.7%) followed by Punjab 98(10.7%).	4
Metadata was extracted from 27,989 books published during 2013–2016 in the Book Citation Index-Science (BKCI-S) and Book Citation Index-Social Sciences & Humanities (BKCI-SSH) after data cleaning (see below).	2
(2021) for normalizing the share of research fields, with the weight of the references being based on the generation number in accordance with three schemes—M1 in which only the first generation references are considered, M2 in which only the second generation references are considered, and M3 in which the first generation references are weighted by 0.618 and the second generation references by 0.382.	3
The results in Table 2 further reveal that the differences between the universities are larger in the lowest and highest performance groups than in the groups in-between.	4
We therefore examine the growth in NCD research outputs over time, the volume of research produced relative to the countries' wealth, population size, and NCD disease burden.	1
some extent, usefulness and/or applicability by virtue of being cited by others, although many exceptions exist.	0
Further, the distributed payment processes to access and publish scholarly articles add to the opacity of the financial flows of scholarly publishing (Lawson et al., 2016) as they can involve several actors simultaneously, including authors, research institutions, libraries, and funders.	0
The rationale of using reference papers cited in the patent by the period of observation (R-PCP) as an indicator was considered based on the papers’ potential distances from the border between science and technology, which was obtained from an extended version of the citation network originally proposed by Ahmadpoor and Jones (Science 357:583–587, 2017.	5
In a few cases the publication analysis of cited records was extended to include the most recent period 2010–11.	0
In the current work we propose an indicator of efficiency, the number of HCAs per scientist, which can complement the productivity indicators based on impact of total output.	1
This study examines the hypothesis that geographically diverse scientific collaboration is associated with research impact.	1
Thirty individuals experienced in conducting and managing clinical research were selected from key stakeholder groups, comprising 11 from local hospitals, 14 from pharmaceutical/medical device companies and 5 from government agencies.	2
This yielded 19,595 texts or nearly two-thirds of the PubMed hits.	2
In this study, co-citations were focused on to establish the ability to collaborate among authors.	3
Analysis of co-occurrence of noun phrases in the titles and abstracts of publications might be contributed to detect research areas (Dong and Chen, 2015).	3
We used the ProQuest Educational Journals database to facilitate word counts (excluding peripherals such as headers and footnotes).	3
The hypothesis this study proposes to explain the dominance of the three authors identified above relies on the assumption that this peripheral status of sociology of sport translates into an impetus for researchers in this field to achieve legitimacy, to improve its perception in the academic world and in society as a whole through a mechanism that will be referred to from now on as the legitimization model.	5
Two kinds of data have been used in the analysis: (a) the master journal lists of the three databases, and (b) the publication records in the databases, for the period 2010–2018, for twenty selected countries.	2
Examining the clusters presented above shows that some of them are dominated by certain authors.	4
The specificities were 76%, 92%, 98%, and 99.8% for SEM-based statistics, and they were not affected by reliability.	4
The developed rosters from the 48 United States Schools of Pharmacy included 3023 faculty members.	2
The bibliometric analysis for the period from 1976 - 2015 revealed that 8,670 articles written by 12,984 authors were published in the Journal of Advanced Nursing.	5
The findings of this study contribute to the literature on the dissemination of scientific papers beyond academia and provide practical implications for scholarly communication.	5
Palmer is Assistant Librarian at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis; e-mail: klpalmer@iupui.edu.	0
As Table 1 shown, CWTS-C5 clusters provide the least number of article pairs while has the biggest proportion which is shared with the other three solutions.	4
In current experiments, six reviewers are randomly chosen for each manuscript, by the intermediate platform.	3
The Brazilian genetic improvement occupies a prominent position, second only to the United States, China and India.	5
The data for this study were collected from official sources such as wingo financial text database, the National Bureau of Statistics, the State Intellectual Property Office, the China Energy Statistics Yearbook, the China Carbon Accounting Database (CEADs), the China Statistics Yearbook., China Macroeconomic Database, and official provincial and municipal statistical bureau websites.	2
Through clustering analysis based on keyword co-occurrence, 14 major research themes are discovered, including Twitter-related research, Crisis communication research, Pharmacovigilance event detection, Sport related event, Experiment credibility, Text mining research, Health surveillance, Blog community review, Online emotion detection, etc.	5
The reference class problem arises when these different communities of value disagree about the amount of credit an agent accrues for an act under some state of nature.	4
The universities that agreed to participate in the research project are: Queensland University of Technology, Australia; Xiamen University, China; Singapore Management University, Singapore; BI Norwegian Business School, Norway; University of Alicante, Spain; London School of Economics, UK; Cranfield University, UK; University of Ghent, Belgium; Iowa State University, USA; Copenhagen Business School, Denmark; and University of Tennessee, USA.	2
Therefore, these results contest the justification or the explanation that is commonly used in the description of recent fraud cases that have occurred in the Dutch academic environment.	5
Copyright of Comunicar is the property of Grupo Comunicar and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission.	0
As our Mendeley investigation shows, we were only able to find Mendeley counts for 11 expert opinions out of the total of 149,119.	4
Thus, we encourage authors to carefully consider this polarization when selecting journals for their studies, and we suggest that scientific agencies keep it in mind when evaluating researchers.	5
While journal access requests show moderate to strong relationships with the journals in which faculty publish, as well as journals whose articles cite local faculty, the data suggest that Scopus may be the better resource to find such information for these journals in the health sciences and Web of Science may be the better resource for all other disciplines analyzed.	4
This might seem a pedantic point, for the Society clearly did have someone organising its editorial matters—the role was routinely undertaken by one of its two secretaries—but the fact remains that Henry Armstrong felt that having an “editor” would bring certain advantages.	0
Three indices derived from the BAT were used to synthesise data concerning characteristics of research design (evidence index), research approach (quantitative index) and research collaboration (collaboration index) (Wiles et al.	3
TFS is evidently discovering some emerging trends in the domain of computer science and engineering and the most recent research topic of TFS is adaptive fuzzy tracking control.	5
In CNKI, the “advanced search” type was selected, the “subject” search was set, and the search conditions were “sustainable & railway”, “green & railway”, and “low-carbon & railway”.	2
There is hence a marked disparity between the quantity and the quality of Chinese research: this disparity is a significant problem that needs to be addressed as a matter of some urgency if China is to contribute fully to the future development of computer science.	4
In this study, the idea and method of ACA in bibliometric and scientometric research are applied to web user research and the results are consistent to the company reality, which proves that the UII model is relatively reasonable and applicable to the web user research.	5
This result shows the worldwide impact of the research conducted by leading scientists in these countries, although the total count of publications in the Netherlands is less than in the USA and UK.	5
The aim of the method proposed in this paper is to produce a set of publications that approximates a subject's specialty sufficiently closely for such practical purposes in research management (not to generate an exhaustive representation of a specialty or to define it).	1
To perform the ablation study, we created a dataset of 5669 faculty members from 173 doctoral degree-granting computer science departments.	2
In addition, using a network graph we present collaboration patterns within the UB.	3
The dataset of the American Physical Society journals, considering papers published between 1893 and 2009 of which 450, 655 papers include a list of affiliations.	2
APA or Harvard), there were no significant differences between students with (i.e.	4
The paper consists of a bibliometric study at a macro level of aggregation, focusing on collaboration indicators (Gl?nzel 2003).	3
However, the medium citation trend has the broadest diffusion breadth.	5
The colours indicate the journal fields, the size of the circles indicates the journal's impact factor (the bigger the circle, the greater the journal's impact factor) and the distance from the centre indicates the inter-journal links (the distance is in inverse proportion to the number of inward-outward citations).	0
All articles were written in English, and the United States contributed the most.	4
Be it as it may, the number and nature of the groups involved could affect the evaluation of each participant.	0
For this study, we consider a snapshot of the database provided within KONECT (http://konect.uni-koblenz.de) that contains 723,131 publications and 1,751,492 citations between them.	2
This bibliometric study presents the most influential cited references for papers published in the journal Information by using reference publication year spectroscopy (RPYS).	1
Reflections on scientific collaboration (and its study): past, present, and future.	0
The resulting matrix for each sub-period was then exported to Ucinet (Borgatti et al.	0
(2) are there differences between various research fields with regard to the extent of this efficiency?, and (3) what are the determinants of this efficiency?	1
The Matthew effect can be observed at the structural level.	5
Updating the study by Seiler and Wohlrabe (2013) we use archetypoid analysis to classify top economists.	3
Furthermore, we found that (1) the in-degree and the out-degree centrality have a positive effect on knowledge evolution, respectively, in the 98.5 % and 99.9 % sample networks, while the clustering coefficient only has a positive effect on the edge formation of the 6.8 % sample network at the 0.05 significance level.	4
The discussions are divided into the following sections: DigiTool overview, local customization, implementation of handles, metadata and object ingest, usage statistics generation, integration with CSU Discovery, and conclusions.	0
Further, he is grateful to Mei Hwa Lee, Alexander Halavais, Mike Thelwall, Julia Hsu, George Barnett, and Royal Netherlands Academy's ex-colleagues for their assistance and insightful suggestions on its earlier version.	0
Sir— I commented some time ago (Nature 378, 532; 1995) on the use of neem tree products as insecticides.	0
The author must also thank his students for helping provide the data upon which this paper is built.	0
The original request for staff for the DSIR included: one secretary at an annual salary of ￡1,500; one assistant secretary on the scale ￡850-50-1,000; three junior examiners at ￡250-25-500; and a private secretary at ￡100.	0
Figure 5 shows that the ratio of self/total citations tends to decrease as the s-index becomes larger, which we observed irrespective of category.	4
Our result showed moderate correlations and positive associations between the computed graph- based metrics with academic impact and also reasonably predict the academic impact of researchers.	4
While participants identified many strengths of the ten DORA-compliant measures for research assessment, they also identified some limitations and concerns.	5
To identify the most typical scientific fields of each university we used OpenAlex database concepts which classifies scientific works using an automated algorithm.	2
t0)/Θ)q}] and L(t) = C + A(t ?	3
The research hypothesis of this paper is that China has overtaken the U.S. to now lead the world in science and technology.	1
Hence, data for this study included all the documents about "positive psychology” indexed in Web of Science core collection indexes, as one of the most important and famous citation database.	2
In summary, it needs to be stated that traffic medicine is a multi-sectorial research area with important implications for public health.	5
The most common reasons for retraction are errors (148), plagiarism (142), duplicate publication (101), fraud/suspected fraud (98) and invalid peer review (93).	4
However, a notable concentration of these studies (87.13%) originates from high-income countries.	4
This pre-print is made available with the understanding that it will not be reproduced or stored in a retrieval system without the permission of Emerald Publishing Limited.	0
The analysis revealed that ISF topics are largely into two groups: one group represents the anchor of ISF within the traditional IS themes.	5
The different records of accomplishments were cross-tabulated with the academic degrees and disciplines.	3
b Department of Urology, Columbia-Presbyterian Hospital, College of Physicians and Surgeons, Columbia University, New York, NY, USA	0
The aim of this work is to propose a multivariate stochastic model for measuring the performance of individual scientists and to compare the results of its application with those arising from a deterministic approach.	1
A series of data sets are examined and joined in order to analyze the citations of over 195,000 conference papers and 108,000 journal papers.	2
This study described engagement with research synthesis methods over four decades across science broadly, and identified factors that appear important to its adoption.	5
From this analysis, an obvious peak occurs indicating that 4 years after commencement is a critical milestone for journals.	4
In this work, we expand a conventional citation graph to a heterogeneous graph of publications, scientists, venues, organizations based on more reliable social media sources such as mainstream news and weblogs.	1
To overcome this challenge, crowd-authoring has been adjusted to include a new round (i.e.	3
4 The number of articles on clinical trials, RCT, and case reports from ML, TW, and HK	0
Table 1 has the resulting counts, with a total N of 57,895.	2
The American Journal of Industrial Medicine and the Italian La Medicina del Lavoro published the highest numbers of articles.	4
This study investigated junior secondary students' standard of academic integrity.	1
A weak positive correlation was identified (r=0.33, p<0.0001) between AAS and citations.	4
Data sharing statement Unpublished data from the study are available upon request from AR.	0
Results of the interviews suggest that there is an increasing trend among researchers toward informal publishing and dissemination throughout the scholarly communication cycle.	4
Results based on Scopus show some characteristics of such collaboration and verify the feasibility of the new approach.	4
For each s, t ∈ [0,1], s+t= 1, we form the generalized geometric mean: XsYt.	3
2) What has been the contribution of international collaborations on stimulating regional scientific output?	1
The data of the study are the citation exchanges among 1,210 journals in Communication and other seven social scientific fields (i.e., Business, Economics/Finance, Education, Information Science, Political Science, Psychology, and Sociology) in Internet research.	2
The master journal lists of the three databases were compared to identify overlapping and uniquely indexed journals.	3
The Cohen kappa inter-rater agreement coefficient (Cohen, 1960), which adjusts for the proportion of agreements that take place, was evaluated using the guidelines outlined by Landis and Koch (1977), where the strength of the kappa coefficient is as follows: 0.01-0.20 slight, 0.21-0.40 fair, 0.41-0.60 moderate, 0.61-0.80 substantial and 0.81–1.00 almost perfect.	3
Node importance is determined by interdependence, risk sensitivity, and spatial conflict.	1
In three of the problematic clusters (1#1, 1#4 and 2#1), where the clustering did not provide coherent clusters of high quality, the alternative solution provides a different angle of vision and helps identify the coherent 'core' of those topics.	5
This article offers a simple and efficient methodology to automatically identify major sponsors, and their funded research, through keywords.	5
In Tables 5 and 6, we found that the best result was generated by PRP_2 both for MAP and nDCG, which verified that AuthorRank cannot replace the PageRank algorithm for publication ranking.	4
Regarding the proposed core influence measure, it seems to be capable of distinguishing those papers that have a great influence in their corresponding field.	5
Thus, it is proved that our proposed extended citation model can obtain reasonable clustering results.	4
Consequently, instead of calculating a country's citation-to-publication ratio, we calculated a reference-to-publication ratio, which we termed RPR.	3
In this study we count the number of SCI/SSCI papers published by the 4413 scholars via Web of Science to investigate the most productive age of the management scholars in Taiwan.	2
The citation data were obtained from Citec2 which is part of the RePEc network.	2
Herein we explore PlumX metrics against the quality of BBD literature.	1
We circulated a survey with Flemish researchers to understand how they work, and how they would rate the relevance of specific indicators used in research assessments.	1
The objective of the present study was to design a didactic proposal for technological mediation (WhatsApp) that contributes to emotional self-regulation and underpins the sustainable education of children in the context of the prevalence of COVID-19.	1
The results show that doctoral granting institutions with higher research output put the link to their library on more prominent positions on the university website.	4
Thus, reliance only on citation cut-offs of the rigour used in Ioannidis et al.2 would mean that only 23% of the awardees would have been validated by a citation data-based exercise many years after the fact.	4
Generally, the shapes of histogram of citation distribution are separated into two types.	4
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
A selection of 96 research articles and reviews referencing articles authored by either Bliss or Salkovskis were chosen for study.	2
This article aims to add to the body of indicators used to study collaboration in science.	1
Two publications in the table are basic works on information retrieval [25,26].	4
This study aimed to investigate the characteristics of scientific research productivity from Mainland China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong in the field of nursing.	1
Ulrich's International Periodicals Directory currently encompasses about 165.000 regularly produced journals worldwide.	0
We examine the role of teamwork coaching in helping teams be more successful in developing research proposals as well as factors that may impact the relationship between teamwork coaching and awarded outcomes.	1
The Retraction Watch Database was used to retrieve the number of COVID-19-related articles with issued retraction notice, expression of concern, or correction during 2020 (till December 05, 2020).	2
First, a list is presented that includes the twenty five authors with the highest number of publications in OR-MS journals.	3
The focus is on the co-occurrence of key-terms, bibliographic coupling and citation relations of journals and collaborations between countries.	1
where they can post their brief biography, research interests, research items, and so forth (see Figure 2).	0
Searches of the five areas of interest resulted in 741 unique GS Citations user profiles likely related to kinesiology from 68 countries.	4
To respond to research questions 2a and 2b, we build logit regression models that address the factors influencing the likelihood of career advancement associated with a mobility instance.	3
As Table 2 shows, regardless of disciplinary distribution of articles (citing) or references, Medicine (MEDI), Immunology and Microbiology (IMMU), Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology (BIOC) have the highest percentage among the 27 disciplines, ranking in the top three.	4
Manuscripts deposited at bioRxiv and medRxiv between January 1 and September 27 2020 were assessed for the probability of publishing in peer-reviewed journals, and those published were evaluated for submission-to-acceptance time.	2
Citation database searches were performed for all US radiation oncologists affiliated with academic RO programs.	3
Journal of Studies in International Education is the most productive and competitive journal with 114 articles, covering a percentage of 17.8% of the total publications, followed by Journal of Higher Education (87, 2.7%) and Journal of Studies in Higher Education (30, 1.2%).	4
Considering the features of our data set, we consider that discrete choice models, more precisely, the rank ordered logistic regression (ROLR) will perform best.	3
Such metrics inflation through anomalously to implausibly high new coauthor rates likely has no bearing on research quality or impact to the broader academic community outside their coauthor networks.	5
Comparisons between articles from journals with differing publication delays should avoid bias against articles in rapidly publishing journals by using the online first date rather than the official issue publication date when comparing articles or normalizing indicators.	5
The documents analysed belong to 51 languages, although Scopus reported 382 documents as language undefined (0.006% of the total).	2
The findings showed that most US scientists who collaborated with Chinese scientists on COVID-19-related research collaborated with Chinese scientists in their pre-existing research networks, with ethnic Chinese US scientists having longer relationships than their non-ethnic Chinese US counterparts.	4
Social network analysis of collaboration in academic emergency medicine showed no difference in the ways that men and women publish together.	4
Due to WoS database is the most authority one used to study the publications in most topics for a given subject, but for the topics from medical science the PubMed is the most used data source.	0
To ascertain the most popular language of OA e-journals published in the world.	1
Yunier Sarmiento-Ramírez, Elkin Argiro Mu?oz-Arroyave, José Ramón Hechavaría-Pérez, Alexandra López-Martínez, Yadira Pérez-Cuti?o	0
This study assesses whether Altmetric.com scores are currently effective indicators to evaluate the research impact of social sciences and humanities (SSH).	1
Table 1 lists some typical, yet highly interesting instances of such a situation, cf.	0
Countries for which the data was incomplete or unreliable for any year or discipline at the time of data extraction, such as Brazil or Argentina, were excluded from the study.	2
This study is aimed to measure the accuracy of news mentions data in the altmetrics database, in order to inform the reliability and limitation of relevant news altmetrics studies.	1
We would like to acknowledge all the interviewees who shared their time and valuable insights with us.	0
The journal impact factor (JIF) is the average of the number of citations of the papers published in a journal, calculated according to a specific formula; it is extensively used for the evaluation of research and researchers.	1
In 2002, the UK government launched the Advanced Institute of Management Research, a major initiative intended to raise the quality of research in business schools.	1
Understand the bibliometric patterns in a research area is fundamental to identify gaps, and to indicate how this area may structure up in the future.	5
To shed light on this issue, this study used data from both mail and online surveys administered to a stratified random sample of tenured and tenure-track faculty members (N = 613) in the social, natural, and applied sciences at America's top 100 research universities.	1
Over the study period, all journals shifted towards publishing research that used higher study designs, reported more quantitative data, and were authored by larger research teams.	4
Correspondence to: Peter Willett, Department of Information Studies, University of Sheffield, 211 Portobello Street, Sheffield S1 4DP, UK.	0
Finally, we find that impactful scientists tend to choose impactful scientists as collaborators for a new topic.	5
An EndNote library was created to track all publications, which could then be sorted according to year (i.e.	3
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
We reduced this list to 23 by omitting 17 journals that primarily publish articles in accounting or economics.	2
title length and average sentence length) in specific PLoS journal and platform play certain role in article views and downloads in our data sets.	5
Examples of issues in US, European, and UK research policy systems include climate change, artificial intelligence, and economic productivity.	0
Data Availability Data is available upon request from the first author.	0
As expected, women were more likely to have complete years without publications (table 1, figure 2b).	4
Similarly, Rigby and Julian (2014) stated that when funding comes from a diversity of sources, due to the nature and extent of the research under consideration, there might be some incremental effect in the citation count.	5
42 % of non-source items are published as book chapters.	4
Data on research expenditures was obtained from the Research and Development Expenditures at College and University survey operated and maintained by NSF (National Science Foundation, 2007).	2
In addition, the Quebec University Research Information System (Système d’information sur la recherche universitaire or SIRU) of the Ministry of Education, Leisure and Sports was used to extract the grants and contracts, including yearly amounts, source, type, or other funding information of all Quebec university scientists during the period 2000–12.	2
A simple test for strategic self-citations without self-citation information was proposed.	5
Compared with the Moed [9] SCI data for 2001, SCI journals in 2018–2019 had a similar publication frequency and published slightly fewer articles per issue.	4
By making academics aware of these costs we hope measures can be taken by affected institutes to reduce the negative externality of spam emails and offer some potential solutions.	5
To test our null expectations indicating multidisciplinarity, we performed Chi-squared analyses comparing, for the entire study period and excluding the branch “Multidisciplinary Sciences", the median percentage of articles published in each branch in multidisciplinary journals and a) a balanced percentage (i.e., 20% of total publications belonging to each of the five branches) and b) the percentage of articles published in each branch in the world (i.e., in all journals except those included in the area “Multidisciplinary Sciences").	3
The top 20 AJNR authors contributed to 1463 articles during 5 years, including 711 (48.6%) in radiology and 752 (51.4%) in clinical journals.	4
Therefore, the centers conducting DNB courses in neurology and neurosurgery were identified from the lists of seats offered in institutes as published in the admission prospectuses for super-specialty DNB courses for the years 2013–2015.	2
Is there a Twitter or Mendeley OAAA for OA books and chapters?	1
The intellectual output in BMA in Ibero-America has been growing.	5
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
In the WoS Core Collection, we limited our search to the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) and the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI).	2
Where Lit represents the number of citation links from i-class papers to the focal paper t years after its publication;	0
This study employs a combined process of bibliometric analysis and scientific mapping using keyword co-occurrence analysis and a representation of relationships by clustering and their longitudinal arrangement.	3
The objectives of this study are to analyze if our field behaves as do other metrics and determine which of those metrics are closest to scientometrics.	1
Data processing and analysing tools used in this article include Excel, VOSviewer and SPSS, we used Excel for data processing, and to analyse further using CiteSpace and VOSviewer.	3
Pearson correlation coefficient, Kruskal Wallis test, and Mann-Whitney U test were applied.	3
I followed guidelines outlined by Dillman (2000) in an attempt to maximize survey response rates.	3
In any case, the field of IS is clearly distinct from that of SSE.	0
For citation analysis, the Hirsh-index (h-index) was used as a measure of both the number of publications and the number of citations they received, with a higher h-index suggesting a higher impact [32].	3
Table A1: Researchers with the largest publication portfolio, irrespective of publication type	0
(3) To what extent the assessment of scientific societies on journal rating is a good predictor of the quality of articles published in journals?	1
To increase diversity of reviewer populations, journals should increase gender, age and geographic diversity of their editorial boards.	5
The evaluation metric adopted for assessing ranking effectiveness is to include normalized discounted cumulated gain (J?rvelin & Kek?l?inen, 2002) and graded average precision (Robertson, Kanoulas, & Yilmaz, 2010).	3
Finally, the Mendeley readership-based gJIF is about as stable as the Scopus citations-based gJIF, although in some broad areas one seems to be significantly more stable than the other.	4
The iThenticate algorithm transforms each manuscript into a sort of digital fingerprint that is then compared with the CrossCheck database, allowing it to detect not only text-to-text matches, but also subtle similarities (e.g., paraphrasing) [20].	3
A strategic diagram is achieved by plotting themes using two dimensional spaces based on their centrality and density values.	3
The density of the overall network is very low with 0.002 (ie, only 0.2% of all possible relationships are established) in the largest cluster indicating an overall fragility of the quickly growing but sparsely connected community structure.	4
where d > 0 represents the optimal normalization factor and index/d serves as the normalized version of the index.	3
It is argued that increasing data availability enables to overcome the inherent limitations of authors' statements in order to investigate those motivations.	5
This content was downloaded from IP address 31.57.49.40 on 21/08/2019 at 06:10	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
It is convexity of this sort that provides the conceptual case for randomization by journal editors.	5
While SDG 3 is already well represented in research addressing the SDGs in articles by authors from all countries, other SDGs, such as SDG 1 (no poverty), 5 (gender equality), 11 (sustainable cities and communities) or 16 (peace, justice and strong institutions) are barely represented in our dataset.	5
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
These groups were compared by univariate analysis to analyze the factors associated with publication.	3
This study is based on a comprehensive biographical database created by the author.	2
In the completed studies, the publication status of the study was investigated through Pubmed and Google Academic databases.	3
Hypothesis 2, which states that the selection of doctoral committee members in the field of communication is positively associated with the social activity of the academics, is therefore confirmed.	4
The methodological premise of this paper is that the productive relations established between funding agencies and academic institutions through CPBF can be better elucidated by drawing on the Marxian notion of formal subsumption of labour under capital.	3
As to the research performance, participants of CCES published N=496 peer-reviewed journal articles.	2
The USA is clearly the most productive and influential country in the World.	4
Furthermore, we cover the period from 1971 to 2015, which allows us to trace the evolution of the European region and its academic institutions since the initial years of IB journals and to contrast European trends with those of other regions.	1
While the number of articles published is listed, usually called the "normal" count, the main method of ranking is the number of "distributed" articles, where N authors are accorded 1/N authorship units for each article.	3
Our work is motivated by the idea of developing a computationally lightweight approach that does not require any data storage, yet yields a score which is useful for measuring the importance of journals.	1
Research citation across these public health policy documents varied greatly and is unlikely to be an accurate reflection of actual research use by the policy agencies involved.	5
5 reveals a slow but substantial decrease in G(t).	4
The project team carried out an analysis of downloaded figures from platforms providing access to UCL Press monograph titles, social media activity, and sales patterns.	3
The main aim of the article is to link up and think through two bodies of literature, namely the critique of predatory publishing practices and the critique of political economy of established publishers, while introducing a reflection on the dynamic asymmetries of geopolitics and economics of globalizing knowledge production.	1
The third group contains data on databases or lists mentioned by reviewers when assessing the Candidate's number of citations.	0
We draw on our expertise as evolutionary biologists who collectively work in multiple countries to provide an initial sample of current practice in countries that foster major endeavours in evolutionary biology.	2
First, within each phase of the design process, knowledge was developed through knowledge generation, knowledge filtration, and knowledge combination and involved a division of labor.	4
Possible explanations for this difference are pointed out, including selection and differences in advising styles.	5
Regarding the growth indexes, Brazil presents the highest annual average growth rate among the studied countries, with a percentage superior to Turkey, which ranked 2nd regarding this rate.	4
In particular, we examine specific journal descriptors, such as access mode, publisher, subject area, society affiliation, article volume, and citation metrics, to deepen our understanding of reverse flips.	1
Countries' research performance is evaluated by considering the statistics of scientific publications, Nature Index Score, H-Index, number of citations, and Field-Weighted Citation Impact (FWCI).	3
Yet, despite an early setback, individuals with near misses systematically outperform those with narrow wins in the longer run.	4
Further to Dr Gil Viry, University of Edinburgh, for providing valuable instruction in the area of social network analysis.	0
The other cluster contains metrics related to social connectivity and popularity (followers).	5
fellowships provided by high-tech corporations of Google, Microsoft Research, and Baidu.	1
Validation showed BOK estimates are accurate where the estimates are most helpful: for multidisciplinary databases.	5
The International Journal of Mental Health Systems aims to stimulate greater attention to the central importance of building functioning mental health systems...	1
Postdocs and assistant professors (M = 3.42) perceive the greatest publication stress and PhD-students (M = 2.44) perceive a significant lack of resources to relieve publication stress.	4
This paper studies the influence of both publication modalities on the average impact of the journal and its evolution over time.	1
Secondly, within such accounts, the effect of academic research on policy and society (which is long-standing) and the instrumentalisation of impact as a funding requirement (which is relatively new) are conflated.	1
c Studies that are limited in terms of both publications and contributors	0
A total of 145 ASES fellowship faculty members from 33 fellowship programs were included in the analysis.	2
Our experiments show that our scientific production retrieval process when compared to other approaches in literature, is an innovative, scalable, and easy to apply framework.	5
The approach used is Soft Independent Modeling of Class Analogy (SIMCA) (Vanden Branden and Hubert 2005; Wold and Sjostrom 1977).	3
This study analyses 357 publications published in IJGFS and listed in the WoS database between the years 2015-2021.	2
Bernardi received a PhD in Accounting from Union College in 1992.	0
Geographic origin of article: the origins were grouped as shown in Table 2.	3
Against this background, the aim of this paper is to examine the driving factors of APC.	1
The model proposed by Burrell (Information Processing and Management 28:637–645, 1992, Journal of Informetrics 1:16–25, 2007a) to describe the way that an individual author's publication/citation career develops in time is investigated further, the aim being to describe in more detail the form of the citation distribution and the way it evolves over time.	1
The study confirmed the logical progression of significant increases in total citations to kinesiology scholars’ research with advancements in academic rank.	5
Second, ARPISB assigns higher weights to the topics with more reliable temporal patterns in their number of publications per year, so that the quality of the nominated emerging topic candidates is enhanced substantially.	5
In addition to the above subjects, research areas like Information Needs and Seeking, Librarianship, Public Library, Academic Library, Knowl- edge Management were also found to be in vogue.	4
Overall, 87% of respondents were aware of open-access journals, and 77% were aware of publishing fees.	4
Our database contains information about 3497,675 patents and 6419,197 inventors from 235 countries covering the period from 1978 to 2019.	2
Since 2003, a PhD candidate in China has been required to publish an average of approximately 1.9 journal papers.	4
The citations measure is obtained from the website SCImago Journal & Country Rank15 that records, for each journal, and for each year, the number of citations to articles published in that journal in the preceding three years.	2
Would the different forms of CIBER acknowledgement substantially affect the bibliometric measurement of its groups' performance?	1
The Y index was also deployed to evaluate the publication characteristics of authors.	3
This work was supported in part by the National Education Science Foundation of China under Grant DIA180383, and in part by the National Natural Science Foundation of China under Grant 61773020.	0
3 Coherence graph, optimal K values ranging from k=7 to k=27	0
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
Entire quantitative aspects and communication models, storage, dissemination and retrieval of scientific information fall under the domain of Scientometric.	0
In these accounts panelists' efforts in determining what counts as impact are shown to be influenced (and potentially manipulated) by impact evaluation as 'emotional work', conducted in a liminal space that excludes the kinds of resources – theory and evidence (and at times, criteria) – and places at risk the forms of capital traditionally applied by academic researchers in the appraisal of scholarly distinction.	5
The funding trends for ARC projects between Australian and Chinese collaborators reflect changing public opinion about the economic, scientific, and security risks and opportunities of engaging with China.	4
The most common reason for retraction was fraud (data fabrication or manipulation), which accounted for nearly half (49.4%) of all retractions, followed by lack of appropriate ethical approval (28%).	4
In conclusion, following preprint publication and prior to its publication as a peer reviewed article in a academic journal, research chemists preprinting their research can, as put by Edelmann, “always use the waiting time for doing new research, writing the next manuscript, or working on a review article”.	5
The standard competition ranking (SCR) was used to present the top 10 ranking data while journal's impact factors (IF) were evaluated using the Journal Citation Report (JCR; Web of Science) 2013 science edition by Thomson Reuters (New York, NY, USA).	3
In this study, therefore, we propose a bibliometric approach that can be applied for identifying these researchers, institutions, and countries.	1
Table adapted from Bosch and Hendersons (source: LJ Periodicals Price Survey 2013).	0
Specifically, the papers in CORD-19 are from PubMed Central (PMC), PubMed, the World Health Organization's Covid-19 Database, and preprint servers bioRxiv, medRxiv, and arXiv.	2
The overall finding of this research is that two parallel paths have emerged with fairly modest cross fertilization.	5
This is a bibliometric analysis of papers published in select major ophthalmic journals from 1997 to 2009, using Journal Citation Reports with JIF calculated by taking the number of citations to articles published by the journal in the previous two years and dividing this by the total number of articles published by the journal during those same years.	2
Depending on the change in popularity over time, the new MeSH terms can be categorized into four emergence trend patterns: emerged and sustained, emerged but not sustained, emerged and fluctuated, and not yet emerged.	3
The results presented in Table 4 suggest that the short-term citation impact of Co-authored papers, measured using the immediacy index, is higher than for single-authored ones in all domains.	4
A wider range of project contributions may result in authorship, and social factors appear to play a larger role in authorship decisions than in inventorship decisions.	4
The error in this model was calculated by subtracting the rank predicted by the model from the actual 2012 rank assigned by U.S.	4
The institutions that mostly published letters to the editor between 1996 and 2018 are: University of London (16,535 letters), University of California (15,208 letters), Harvard University (14,421 letters), Hospitals of Paris (10,116 letters), University College London (8540 letters), University of Texas (7276 letters), University of Toronto (7140 letters), and VA Boston Healthcare System (6971 letters) (Clarivate Analytics 2018a).	4
In the second step of the pipeline, we hence use a multilayer hierarchical stochastic block model (hSBM) [20, 21], developed to find statistically significant clusters at multiple hierarchical levels for the analysis of text data with multiple data types.	3
The top 6 U.S. departments generated higher research volume and received more federal research funding than their Canadian counterparts.	4
For this purpose, we developed a programme in C++ to rearrange the data extracted in mixing matrices, which was further analysed in MATLAB and Gephi.	3
Taken together, these data reveal that average peer review scores do have considerable predictive ability with regard to these measures of citation impact, but also considerable variability.	5
to the extent to which it enables new research).	4
Gender and racial disparities have greatly diminished in academia over the last 30 years, but attrition rates among women and minority faculty still remain high.	5
The main goal of this study is to explore the process of integration of social sciences of CEE countries into the European and global social sciences during the 1996–2017 period.	1
2013) that combined qualitative interpretation of symbolic representations embedded in citations and quantitative analysis of bibliographical references.	3
The rankings used in the analysis are presented in Table 1.	0
We have updated this area of interest through a new study on the current centers of excellence, furthering our investigation in the sub-field of technology entrepreneurship (TE).	1
We use low-dimensional embedding techniques to create a knowledge space made up of 1.5 million articles from the fields of physics, computer science, and mathematics.	1
Sweden had the highest productivity of publication when adjusted for number of population (6 publications per million population).	4
Funding: The first author was financially supported by the World Health Organization Regional Office for the Eastern Mediterranean, Cairo, Egypt.	0
The collected data were analyzed using Excel and SPSS version 18 software.	3
The results reveal a homogenization of the research interests between Spanish academics and their European counterparts during the last decade, with an emphasis on digital technologies and social networks.	4
The extracted data are analysed by the various performance indicators available in the literature for the bibliometric analysis.	3
The analysis identified three clusters of possibly related research activities.	5
In the present study, we elucidated the status of oncology research from 2001 to 2010.	1
This reinforces the credibility of the data handled by GS in the creation of GSM journal rankings, despite the fact that their size, coverage, updating and nature are, in principle, different from those provided by WoS and Scopus.	5
The materials studied consisted of a total of 1120 articles published in 10 Ibero-American psychology journals included in the JCRs from 2013 to 2015.	2
The specificity of performance targets and their level of detail was measured with seven items, with three response categories.	3
The objective of this paper is to assess whether download counts can be used as indicators for the academic contributions of software.	1
Quite strikingly, on average, participation in research centers entails no disadvantages for researchers as far their overall research performance is concerned, as measured in scientific productivity, the citation impact of their output, and their integration within the scientific community.	5
We compute the ratio of foreign-educated professors by dividing the number of foreign-educated professors to the number of all professors.	3
In this paper, we evaluated journals that publish research related to nature conservation against the FOA principles and examine how metrics such as journal impact factor may be a barrier to the mainstreaming of these principles.	1
Summing up, our triangulation approach reveals the multidisciplinary and complex web of fields, methods/problems, and the topical focus of water research.	5
All data was retrieved from the Scopus 2021 version, and only researchers with at least one publication between 2017 and 2021 were included in the dataset, so as to exclude individuals who have retired or changed career paths from the analysis.	2
Verbs such as “assess,” “suggest,” “recall,” “find,” “feel,” "showed," and "analyze,” as well as pronouns “we,” “you,” and "mine" designate dissertation abstracts as psychology by their increased frequency.	4
Content analysis and constant comparison were used to characterize the internal editor reviewers' comments, which were free-text comments from the associate editors.	3
The paper intends to draw the policy implications to enhance the further research in IVV field which hope to prevent the disease and promote the sustainability of global healthcare.	1
These findings show that researchers generally recognise these shades of grey and in some cases acknowledge having bent the rules themselves.	5
The resulting Graphml file was then imported from Sci2 to NodeXL (Smith et al.	3
It was found that the log-logistic distribution which is a general form for the ratio of two correlated Pareto random variables, give a good fit to the estimated ratios.	4
R&D Management published by RADMA and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.	0
Data analysis will be conducted using the statistical program STATA V.10.1 (STATA Corporation, College Station, Texas).	3
However, Collab-CNCI does not necessarily follow this pattern thus enabling the identification of institutions where, for example, their domestic single articles are their best performing group.	4
By understanding and disrupting the mechanisms that shift authors' identities and their geographic, rhetorical, linguistic voices we can create a globally inclusive community of academic discourse a community capable of producing rich scholarship that upholds shared ideals of academic inquiry.	5
The two most common methods used are content analysis and citation analysis.	3
The performance improved significantly in the 2018 data collection in comparison to each of the three previous data collections.	4
We performed an automatic analysis of a large document collection of articles published in the PLoS series of journals.	2
We find that funding is not related to the first citation but is significantly related to the number of citations and top percentile citation impact.	4
CiteSpace 5.7.R1 was used in this study to detect bursts for co-occurrence keywords and co-cited references, and design the dual-map overlay of journals.	3
Therefore, establishments in communities exhibit similarity in these two metrics.	5
As characteristics of the best research in one's field, impact factors and citations were among the less important aspects.	4
The top ranked country is the USA with TC of 690.	4
LIS scholars' share of contribution with 36% is the largest among disciplines followed by Computer Science (21%), Business and Economics (16%), and Social Sciences (10%) (Table 4).	4
With this aim, scientometric methods were employed to analyze a sample of 474 articles recovered from Web of Science (WoS) during the three-year period between 2018 and 2020.	2
To this end, we collected information on all journal articles published between 1975 and 2021 where all authors were listed, and each author was associated with a unique identifying number.	2
We apply disciplinary fractional counting to compute the publications counts.	3
All assumptions of linear regression were met by this model, including lack of error term correlation (Durbin-Watson = 2.013).	0
This paper presents data about Malaysian journal publishing and the study questioned editors in chief of Malaysian journals to obtain opinions of the problems they encounter and possible solutions.	1
To obtain the Altmetrics Attention Score, we used the Altmetrics Bookmarklet on March 5, 2023, and all documents that had at least 1 citation were screened.	3
Unlike most other citation-based-indicators it equalizes the chances of young scientists (vs.	5
Finally, the third research group represented welfare-related research.	2
A database of most-cited papers in the field of SLN biopsy was generated in June of 2016 using Thomas Reuter's Web of Science and Elsevier's Scopus, which provide access to over 12,000 and 22,000 journals, respectively.	2
To investigate these issues, we designed a choice-set survey question that focused on individuals' preferences for publication in 4* journals in relation to a hypothetical level of citations in subsequent years.	3
Compound annual growth rate (CAGR) was used to measure the increase rate of the profiles and their attributes.	3
Data were retrieved and analyzed using a variety of bibliometric tools such as Publish or Perish, Sci2Tool and Gephi.	3
Almost all PubMed content (91%) is indexed in MEDLINE; however, since the launch of PMC, the percentage of PubMed records indexed in MEDLINE has slowly decreased.	4
The second research group – urban geography - represents policy relevant science and provided municipal policymakers and urban planners with knowledge about the segregation processes in urban areas.	2
The University of Granada clearly leads the ranking obtaining the most significant results in number of papers, citations and the h-index.	4
Of the 81 articles, 43 (53%) were cited at least once, resulting in 721 second generation citations.	4
The most used document type was article (81% of 1 547 publications) followed distantly by the letters (6.2 %) and meeting abstracts (5.9%) (Table 1).	4
Bibliometric analysis of the journal Izvestiya Akademii Nauk.	1
A list of all plastic surgery residency programs in the United States, both integrated and traditional, was obtained from the Fellowship and Residency Interactive Database (FRIEDA Online), which is maintained by the American Medical Association.	2
In these queries, the quotation marks (‘‘’’) were used to search for an exact phrase, asterisk (*) represents any group of characters or no character, and Boolean operators were used to modulate inclusion or exclusion of documents from the search results.	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Ranking of Polish physical education higher schools based on the articles published in 2009–2012 indexed by the Polish Ministry of Science and Higher Education	1
Three different sources of information were used in this research: JCR-indexed MDPI-journal web pages, WOS, and JCRs.	2
This study integrates the research on innovation in management and business and STEM fields for sustainability in a unified framework for the case of developing countries (i.e., the Global South).	1
The authors would like to thank Roberto Leon-Gonzales of GRIPS for his support and advice throughout this project.	0
This investigation demonstrates that despite recent efforts to foster NIH-funded research in EM, there remain critical barriers to successful funding</PROBLEM_OR_APPLICATION>, particularly for early-career investigators.	5
The results are more complex to interpret for the probability attributes.	0
The results suggest that there is not an absolute convergence.	5
The best linear fit to the data is also displayed to guide the eye.	0
The increase in research activity in NCDs across the MENA region countries during the time period of analysis may signal both an increasing focus on NCDs which reflects general global trends, and greater investment in research in some countries.	5
From the first to the last decade included in the study the number of authors increased significantly passing from 281 (1989-1998) to 420 (2009-2018), the authors belonged to a mean of 138 organizations in each decade.	4
In the 1960s, 50% of graduate student publications had two co-authors and in the 2000s, 28% of graduate-student publications had two authors; 29% had three authors; 21% had four authors; 13% had five authors; and 10% had six or more authors.	4
This study used citation analysis and content analysis to establish whether there is a difference in retraction and postretraction citation of free and open access biomedical literature and fee-for-access literature.	1
The findings on research question one reflects the need to create institutional guidelines because although some university libraries had such guidelines, they were not official implemented.	5
The EU has understood it and supports multinational education and research, and interdisciplinary approaches combining Science, Social Sciences and Arts & Humanities through programs such as Horizon Europe, Erasmus + etc.	5
The lack of diversity is attributable to the low participation rate in small island-type research, a research area that shows active replacements.	5
For the 86 reviews recommending "reject,” the majority of comments to the editor contained content that also appeared in comments to the authors (80%); additional content tended to be irrelevant to the manuscript.	4
While studying the initial linkages in this chain of cumulative effects, we have found that ALBA has the potential to create socio-economic value through some direct applications but mostly through the mediation of scientific papers that in turn enter in the process of knowledge creation.	5
The assessors assigned a single overall quality score: 1* nationally recognized, 2* internationally recognized, 3* internationally excellent or 4* world leading.	2
A total of 2169 scientists identified through PubMed and 2452 identified through the European Patent Database responded.	2
This article contributes towards the literature on research evaluation, specifically on the scrutiny of indicators (Hicks et al.	5
For example, secondary CiteScore (SSC), secondary impact factor (SIF), secondary Hirsch index (Sh-index) may be used to differentiate between the previously published papers and the abstracts (Table 1).	3
Data on scientific papers come from a National Science Foundation dataset (NSF 2016).	2
Pearson's correlation coefficient was used to examine the relationship between expenditure and publication numbers on log10 transformed data.	3
Most journals were headquartered in India (39%), followed by the USA (24%) and Europe (20%).	4
36.8%±14.1%, P=0.200), but the INO value of Chinese journals was statistically higher than that of the international journals (65.5%±19.9% vs.	4
More than 800 people from all six ETH Domain institutions were involved in CCES: roughly 300 professors and senior researchers, about 200 PhD students and postdocs, while the remaining participants included Master students, project engineers, technicians, laboratory, and administrative support staff.	2
Preliminary results of the study were presented at the 6th World Conference on Research Integrity 2019 in Hong Kong.	0
We find that connectivity and functions, the core features of click chemistry, are embodied in his constant search for simplicity.	4
Nonetheless, a high degree of dominance or leadership in scientific collaboration activities does not translate into high citation impacts.	5
Thomson Reuters's Web of Science database includes approximately 12,000 authoritative and influential journals encompassing the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) and Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI).	2
We can see that the correlation between productivity and collaboration is high, more than 0.6 since 1997, meaning that high productivity implies also high degree of collaboration.	4
In this article, we identified and characterized Brazilian academic coauthorship networks of researchers registered in the Lattes Platform using topological properties of graphs.	1
Data extracted from each journal included title, region, level of evidence of each article published, total citations, self-citations and journal impact factor (2013).	3
For example, a study from 2003 has not per se a higher quality than a study from 2002.	0
In T4, the trend toward a single, giant component characterizing the network continues.	4
The high and statistically significant correlation between the frequent formal and informal learning keywords shows the similarity in goals and audiences between these two categories.	4
The Tables 11, 12 gives an overview of Galton’s most cited monographs comparing their ranking position and number of citations in WoS, Scopus and Google Scholar.	0
Rank on Scopus behaves more stable than those on Mendely and Twitter which have much more significant ups and downs.	4
As per the trends observed during recent period of 2017-2020, ‘social media' and 'big data' related discussions have been emerging, but they have not become central to the overall discussion of the journal.	5
The Pearson correlation coefficient r was used to indicate the relationship between the variables in our analysis.	3
We used citation counts to measure scientific success, in agreement with several studies suggesting that citations correlate with research quality and as a result play a fundamental role in promotion and funding reviews.	3
According to total number of published papers, the most productive institution is Tsinghua University, accounting for 11.19% of the total published papers, followed by Chinese Academy of Sciences and Shanghai Jiao Tong University, with 11.01% and 9.02% of the total published papers, respectively.	4
This article explores how panel expert reviewers' evaluative practice was influenced by external, political considerations during the assessment of a societal impact criterion.	1
We used the Observatoire des Sciences et des technologies (OST) version of the WoS database in social sciences and humanities (SSH) to retrieveretreieve all available publications for active members of the SNI in 2013 identifying the position of the authors in each of the articles between 1980 and 2017.	2
This study considers citation importance and introduces deep learning ideas to improve the standard PR algorithm in citation-based paper evaluation.	5
Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy (RPYS) is a bibliometric method originally introduced to reveal the historical roots of research topics or fields.	3
Supplemental data for this article can be accessed on the publisher's website.	0
The six factors are Management, Services, Technology, Self-archive practices, People, and Resources.	4
Based on the database of Journal Citation Reports, we selected 669 journals that were considered as potential outlets for neuroimaging articles.	2
To achieve the stated objectives for this research, both quantitative and qualitative approaches were implied to attain a mixed-methods research approach.	3
JHEP and JSTAT have similar statistics after rescaling with the average report waiting time, and as indicated by the averages for any particular decision the associated distribution has its specific character.	4
What methods or strategies do librarians use to find collaborators for research projects?	1
Each point in the scatter plots represents a distinct journal, and its color denotes the corresponding ground-truth value y	0
One of these methods is WebQEM, which is a widely used quantitative, engineering, and systematic method for standard evaluation based on the notion of the evaluation pattern from the ISO 9126-1 standard for quality assessment of software and web applications.	3
We replicate their evaluation method to authenticate publications but eliminate the semi-structured interviews on "symbolic violence (28)".	3
This research led to the committee publishing an Open Access Publishing Whitepaper in 2021 that outlined several steps we planned to take to increase open research on our campus.	2
The chosen research group was composed of researchers/professors of the graduate program in Computer and Electrical Engineering at Federal University of Rio Grande do Norte (UFRN), referred as PPgEEC.	2
is the number of citations article i received.	3
The data used for this study were drawn from multiple sources.	0
This study draws from a wider study which explored utilisation of institutional repositories in Zimbabwe's public universities.	1
Select r percent new papers randomly as multidisciplinary papers to continually cite a number of existing papers randomly to make the lengths of references (out-degrees) of those papers to be random variables drawn from a power-law distribution f (k).	3
The thesis publication rate of pediatric residents has improved significantly in 20 years; however, these results are from a single-center study.	5
For an empirical study, data of the “citing journal package” of the Thomson-Reuters 2006 Journal Citation Reports database (JCR; SCI and SSCI editions combined) were used.	2
The United States was the country with the highest productivity (27.9%), followed by China (12.8%) and the United Kingdom (9.6%).	4
The proposed normalization procedure has relevant policy implications, as it could be taken into account in the design of future evaluation exercises, due to its ability to solve size-related bias affecting the assessment procedures.	5
In comparison, we found that the annus mirabilis is less random.	5
We would like to thank the referee and Lionel Nesta for their helpful comments.	0
4) suggests that the mechanism for determining diversity varies depending on the scale of research.	5
In our study, integrity was measured using a five-item questionnaire probing employees' experience of their colleagues' integrity.	3
To evaluate the effect of SPT establishment on the trends in the numbers of editing requests and research publications, we used SAS version 9.4 (SAS Institute Inc., Cary, NC, USA) to perform a segmented regression analysis of interrupted time series (ITS) data, which is a valuable study design for evaluating the effectiveness of population-level interventions that have been implemented at a clearly defined point in time [5–7].	3
Hence, we provide a general framework for the comparison of bibliometric rankings and indices.	5
Chi-square tests were used to compare Japanese representation between the periods 1991-2000 and 2001-2010 and between general medicine and basic science journals.	3
The growth of an open, transparent and inclusive national research and innovation system, supported by high-quality, digitally appropriate mechanisms for scholarly communication, will be the real source of China's soft power in the OA age.	5
We also found that topic-based PageRank (PRP_1) can significantly improve on the original PageRank algorithm, and that PRP_2 (which included the citation topic distribution) outperformed PRP_1 (which used the publication topic distribution only), especially for nDCG.	4
We extracted the following data from each article: title, abstract, authors, publication year, country of origin, citation count, journal, PMID, and major topic MeSHs.	2
As expected, the two largest research institutions in Mexico: Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México [National Autonomous University of Mexico] (UNAM) and the Instituto Politécnico Nacional [National Polytechnic Institute] (IPN) are those with the highest scientific output associated with bioinformatics.	4
1 Tel.: +61 (3) 925 17434; fax: +61 (3) 925 17604.	0
The authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.	0
We found that COPE guidelines on retraction were adhered to in that an explicit reason for retraction was given in all cases of retraction evaluated from 2000– 2015.	5
Do Nobel laureates differ in their text borrowing across disciplines?	1
Department of Urban & Regional Planning, Faculty of Environmental Design, King Abdulaziz University, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia	0
As part of their participation in the competitive peer-review process, manuscript submitters have a right to express the intellectual content of their ideas.	4
In essence, LSA examines the corpus, in this case titles and abstracts that describe the research content, to identify lexical terms that are frequent and co-occurring.	3
Our study is based on data from the Web of Science (WoS, Clarivate Analytics) web version and custom data of our in-house database derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), and Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) produced by Clarivate Analytics (Philadelphia, USA).	2
Note that this threshold was computed for each year, as publication habits (and average production) have evolved over time.	0
How does the nature of research articles published differ across journals associated with Australian nursing and allied health professional bodies?	1
According to whether the preprint had been published in a peer-reviewed journal or not, we divided the 40,217 preprints into two groups: --Pre_bioRxiv group: Preprints (with DOIp only) that had not been published in journals, which numbered 19,164 preprints.	2
Chu as one of the coauthors, and (5) Kao and Hockham (1966).	2
The study is a longitudinal register-based study with data from 2007 to 2014.	2
The Impact Factor evaluated of ISI is exploited as a standard to evaluate the level of academic journals including multimedia journals.	1
We proposed a Bayesian model on the merging errors of coauthorship data.	1
In Section 3, we provide empirical results as well as the Finance Conference Ranking.	0
Given the many adverse consequences associated with the current reliance on the T5, we believe the discipline should reevaluate its current strong weighting of T5 publications as a measure of research achievement and as a filter for tenure and promotion decisions.	5
The final step was clustering for the location of subgroups of words that are strongly linked with each other using the simple center algorithm [17].	3
6—can provide powerful visual support for practical interdisciplinary studies from quantitative linguistics, to statistical linguistics and informetrics.	5
How are social and intellectual relations structured and given shape within research universities?	1
Normalization of zero-inflated data: An empirical analysis of a new indicator family and its use with altmetrics data.	0
We used the integrated “Polish Science Observatory” database (see Kwiek & Roszka, 2021a: 4–6 for a more detailed description of its construction).	2
Here, using matched pair analysis, we find that junior researchers who coauthor work with top scientists enjoy a persistent competitive advantage throughout the rest of their careers, compared to peers with similar early career profiles but without top coauthors.	3
From the Division of Infectious Diseases, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC 27710, where reprint requests should be addressed to Dr.	0
Relative importance index comparing the perceived importance and the actual performance of IRs (rank is based on the gap).	0
Negative binomial regression was then performed to determine the relationship between article features and citation counts for scientific articles.	3
The top 3 cited journals are Management Science (910 citations), Strategic Management Journal (636 citations) and MIS Quarterly (526 citations).	4
The publishing period of the articles of this study is from 2013 to 2019.	2
There are currently three main databases that are viewed as authorities for providing high-quality citation data, Web of Science, Scopus, and Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG).	2
Thomson Reuters Web of Science was searched to retrieve the 100 most-cited articles in "regenerative endodontics" published from January 1991 to February 2018 in the category of "Dentistry, Oral Surgery and Medicine."	2
The author serves on the Publishing Policy Committee of the American Institute of Physics and is a Technical Staff Member of Bell Laboratories, 600 Mountain Ave., Murray Hill, NJ 07974, (201) 582-4730.	0
Consequently, in this paper we will use Laursen's (2015) symmetric RCA (SRCA).	3
When using only raw data, SciBERT achieves the best results, with a macro-F? value of 0.7294, which may be because SciBERT is pre-trained from a corpus of scientific literature, and it can represent the algorithm sentence in academic papers with more appropriate features.	4
This study aims to (1) describe the existing veterinary education research literature by retrospectively identifying trends and patterns in characteristics of the publications, including author affiliations and countries and the publishing journals, by adopting the bibliometric review approach; and (2) investigate the characteristics of both veterinary education publications (VEPs) and the rare yet essential subsets in VEPs, veterinary communication education publications (VCEPs).	1
The Medical University of Warsaw led in institutional con- tributions.	4
Humanities and social sciences scholars and students confirmed their preference for print materials and demonstrated a preference for books and book chapters over journal articles through surveys and citation analyses.	3
All values are expressed as the mean ± SD unless noted otherwise.	0
A comparison of the GRBS results with those of the three predominant ranking systems shows how GRBS is able to identify pockets of excellence within universities that are overlooked by the more traditional aggregate level approaches.	4
This study has investigated the accuracy of news mention data in the Altmetric database, in order to inform the limitation of studies based on the database and hopefully would help improve the data quality.	5
Small grants for exploratory research as a programme was underutilized by NSF programme managers, and even then, created significant and transformative results.	5
The results present that the MI basic layer shows the strongest knowledge integration with CS, followed by the middle layer, with the detail layer the weakest.	4
Based on the selected keywords, we build up the dynamic co-word network with Gephi software in different time ranges.	3
The author compiled a master list of journals in communication studies using Ulrichsweb: Global Serials Directory.	2
First, global HHW trade has experienced rapid growth, yet its distribution remains uneven, exhibiting heterogeneity.	5
Fact-checking effectiveness decreases to 58% of all sequences correctly classified based on the text produced with pdftotext (PT).	4
We reviewed the data of 33 faculty from Department of Surgery at our institution who were promoted from 2006 to 2021.	2
Additionally, calculation of citation density was done to identify the corrected ranks for each article.	3
To frame the sample of the study, all the articles (articles and research notes/communications/commentaries) published in SMJ between 1980 and 2014 were obtained.	2
The first goal of this research is to analyze the context of all the bibliometric studies carried out from 1996 to 2020 to discover if there is any bias towards any scientific category, if there are countries or institutions that devote a great effort to this issue and finally to analyze what consideration these works have, e.g., are they mostly considered as reviews or articles, and what level of citations they have in comparison according to the categories in which they are indexed.	1
The group to which a region was assigned according to the specificity of the legislation affecting its archives was not directly proportional to the position its various archives occupy in the weight/quality ranking.	4
As a conclusion we find there are four main challenges in the current model for monitoring open science in Finland: 1) the model leaves very little room for internal discussion or decision-making within organisations, 2) the model focuses too much on organizational developments and largely ignores national and international developments, 3) the model essentially reduces very complex issues into numbers, and 4) the organisations are monitored against a set of objectives without giving them enough time to realize expected reforms.	4
This procedure allows the position of the FT journals to be analyzed in this general ranking.	0
(3) How much boost in productivity and citations do the G-20 countries get from research collaborations within the group?	1
The study population includes all academic staff at Addis Ababa University.	2
HistCite was used to analyze the annual outputs, countries, institutions, categories, journals, citations, and high-impact authors in the field.	3
To compare research efforts on specific diseases and corresponding disease burden, we build on the approach developed by Yegros-Yegros et al. (2020) of mapping scientific publications to particular diseases as given in the WHO GBD estimates.	3
Co-interpretive interviews were then held via Skype with a subsample of 18 participants, to gain insight into the meaning of the network structures and how they were created from the participants' point-of-view (Molina, Maya-Jariego, & McCarty, 2014).	3
Of the 50 educators who participated in the discussion, 46 had one or more experiences of publication misconduct to share.	4
One hundred and two retractions were identified, representing 3.5% of the retracted articles indexed by PubMed, out of which 54 were included in the analysis.	2
The regularized logistic regression (Bayesian binary regression) model had highest performance, achieving an area under the curve of 0.814 in predicting articles in the top 10% of citation volume.	4
This study focuses on the status and adoption of open access movement in Africa using freely available global repositories such as open DOAR, DOAJ and ROAR to enhance wide dissemination of their local contents and global visibility of its research outputs.	1
A cluster analysis was used to classify key words.	3
Preprints are used differentially by researchers at different career stages and vary with institution size.	5
Impact factors ranged from 0.3 to 11.1 with a median of 3.75.	4
A similar assumption to mine is adopted by some other models in the literature, such as McCabe and Snyder (2005) and Besancenot and Vranceanu (2008).	1
The database included 1,564 papers and 73,699 cited authors.	2
Our results show that the average rank is indeed an adequate and stable measure.	4
The blue line in the graph ("Deviation from the five-year Median") shows the deviation of the number of CRs in each year from the median for the number of CRs in the two previous, the current, and the two following years (Y ?2; Y ?	3
3 present the aggregated findings for the combined set of 54 journals.	0
(1) Can we detect and measure cheating in different online contexts?	1
We found that an average citation for papers authored by a single researcher is the lowest in the case of all studied journals (Fig.	4
This paper contributes to the literature by examining whether lead articles should be interpreted as signals of quality in the digital age.	1
Although only four records on this topic were identified in 2005, scientific output increased to 107 records in 2010.	4
G and O'Toole, J which written in 2005 and with a total number of 1089 of citations until the present date.	4
They may better be used to draw the public's attention to topics investigated by the laureates (Chan et al.	0
The visualized and uncovered TM journal network can help prospective authors from relevant disciplines as well as TM researchers in selecting the proper outlets for their research and editors of TM specialty journals guide the editorial vision and direction.	5
Springer Nature or its licensor holds exclusive rights to this article under a publishing agreement with the author(s) or other rightsholder(s); author self-archiving of the accepted manuscript version of this article is solely governed by the terms of such publishing agreement and applicable law.	0
This is a way to define the publication's field without resorting to pre-defined classification sets.	1
This points to the existence of two types of interaction modes (local and distant), with distinct socio-semantic processes [17].	4
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
This study aims to analyze the research performance of 38 OECD countries in the last 10 years.	1
We also included in our analysis the Wellcome Trust, the UK's biggest charity funding body.	2
Here, we introduce a new metric Co-citation Percentile Rank (CPR), that relates the current citation rate of the target output taken at resolution of days since first citable, to the distribution of current citation rates of outputs in its co-citation set, as its percentile rank in that set.	1
Conventional methods of bibliometric analysis were applied (Ball & Tunger, 2006; Van Raan, 1997).	3
The second is the OECD Review of South Africa’s Innovation Policy of 2006/2007 (OECD 2007).	2
We examine the extent to which the gap between science and practice is associated with the level of integration in how depression is considered in research and stakeholder-relevant documents.	1
In juvenile HPP, the element with the highest burden was functional disability, resulting mainly from bone and muscle pathologies and associated with significant morbidity and reduced HRQOL.	4
The graphical representation of the correlation between collaboration and impact was given through the scatter diagram (point cloud), and the Pearson or Spearman coefficient was used to determine the correlation according to the behavior of the statistical distribution of the variables.	3
Of 241 sampled articles, publications including two-way linkages accounted for 13.3% (n = 32).	4
Ruocco and Daraio (2013) proposed a “scaling" approach to compare the scientific performance of Italian heterogeneous academic disciplines belonging to LHS.	3
This rise in Chinese-authored papers to some extent matches the broader trend of increased research output from this country, although the extent of 2015 Chinese output in Medicine (42.7%) is much larger than both the equivalent figure across all journals in WoS (14.6%).	4
Along the same vein, the citations across the various CEM subdisciplines are all different, where labor and personnel (306 average citations per paper) and contracting (266 average citations per paper) are the most cited, but cost and schedule (47 average citations per paper) and legal and contractual (23 average citations per paper) are the least cited.	4
The authors declare that the free version of ChatGPT was used via the first author's account.	2
This paper aims to advance our understanding of shared leadership in scientific teams.	1
Our primary question is how does change in network structure and composition over time explain differences in scientist productivity.	1
Five indicators of citation impact — citation count, citations per paper, citations per author, h-index, and g-index — were used to conduct the Mann Whitney U-test analysis through SPSS.	3
which indicates that for any number of local authors (AL = A), it is beneficial to add an extra foreign author (first derivative positive) but the effect is diminishing (second derivative negative), meaning that it is relatively less “profitable” to add an extra foreigner if the number of local authors is high compared to low.	4
If only the minority of the country's most influential researchers receive funding from the major funding bodies, there is serious concern we still have not reached this investment's full potential.	5
Despite these shortcomings, the topical analyses conducted indicate that the commissioning of Sls clearly “distorts the marketplace for ideas” (Priem, 2006), a conclusion that further shows the usefulness and potential of word space modeling and computational semantics in general for bibliometric research purposes.	5
We designed the author satisfaction survey form using the Google Forms application (Google Inc., Mountain View, CA, USA</LOCATION>), which comprised five questions on 5- or 7-point Likert scales and two yes-or-no questions (Table 1).	3
As per the results, the regression analyses demonstrated that the overall predictive power of author-related properties was not impressive.	5
For this purpose, from 6 selected subject fields (condensed matter physics, inorganic and nuclear chemistry, electric and electronic engineering, biochemistry and molecular biology, physiology, and gastroenterology), original articles published in the same year were sampled (n = 230-240 for each field).	2
RQ2: Is an article more likely to be published in a higher impact journal if any of its authors publish more articles?	1
I am grateful to colleagues in SEPSU and to the editors of this issue for comments on an earlier draft of this paper.	0
The Web of Science (WoS) database contains all the data needed for testing a model for an attachment theory.	2
This provided 468 doctoral dissertations, which after removing 85 corresponding to fields such as economics or national accounting, provided a final figure of 383 doctoral dissertations.	2
The observation, that few authors are patent holders, is similar to Meyer's, especially in the first subperiod.	0
In recent 5 years, there are six bursting keywords, which indicate the emerging trends of the FODM publications, including 'fuzzy set theory', 'artificial intelligence', 'uncertainty analysis', 'uncertain differential equations', 'uncertainty distribution', and 'uncertainty theory'.	4
RQ1: In which academic fields does Microsoft Academic find more citations than Scopus (a) overall and (b) for recently-published articles?	1
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 57(9):1178–1193, 2006	0
Instead, we encourage critical researchers to find their way to the communities of security practice and to take on responsibility for the practice of security in the given area.	5
We estimate these regressions using a bivariate probit model because our two dependent variables are observed for the same individuals and the error terms may be correlated across equations (Wooldridge, 2001).	3
Throughout the paper, we will consistently refer to units as our main level of analysis and to faculty/departments for the higher levels.	0
However, a test to detect overdispersion indicated that we needed to reject the Poisson model in favor of the negative binomial model—the most frequently used model in bibliometric analyses (Bornmann, Mutz, Neuhaus, & Daniel, 2008).	3
There exist transitions in the C(k) and N(k) of the empirical data (Figures 6 and 7).	4
The Use of Reference Sets and Properties of a Percentile-Based Rating Scale in Bibliometrics	0
Responses from 160 of 1906 corresponding authors with deliverable emails (8.4% response rate) were received.	2
Adding industry as the third helix would foster a combined effort of stakeholders from multiple domains, who are brought together for the shared goal of keeping studies with bad data from infecting the body of scientific knowledge.	5
The CiteScore (calculated to 1 decimal point) was obtained using the LetPub Scientific Journal Selector, which reports up-to-date CiteScore for the majority of selected journals.	2
Among the 20 major journals related to Antarctic research, Polar Biology, Geophysical Research Letters and Journal of Geophysical Research-Atmospheres ranked as the top three.	4
Across all types of fields, the number of countries represented in the global scientific conversation is increasing, as captured by journal articles.	4
The aim is to learn not only about the role of serendipity in the 12 concrete cases, as the lead authors of these papers have experienced them, but also to explore how serendipity can be understood and characterized, about possible variations within existing typologies and additional types of serendipity, and the stages in the research process at which serendipity can occur.	1
Citation data were extracted via the Web interface available to library subscribers of Web Of Science on 17 December 2014.	2
The articles were downloaded from the Journal website and bibliometric parameters were analysed.	2
The value of the weighted Gini evenness index is 0.637.	4
Let us caution that CorText is still in its developmental phase.	0
This article may be used only for the purposes of research, teaching, and/or private study.	0
However, the journals progressed at different rates in terms of the characteristics of their research producers, products and consumption.	5
This paper adopts an inclusive, wide-scope definition of WR and captures the research being done in this science from carefully selected databases.	5
There is a need to strictly follow the current guidelines for providing the reasons for retraction and displaying retraction notices both in PubMed and on the journal websites.	5
Seven of the top ten most prolific institutions were located in the USA, and one each in Canada, Italy, and the UK, respectively.	4
Bibliometric parameters were analyzed at the level of journals, publishers, documents and authors.	3
On the other hand, GAI increased more slowly during the crisis compared to before, reflecting the actual impact of a declining relative Greek production compared to an ever increasing global one.	5
The study was administered between 24 April and 5 May 2014.	2
Total research output for Africa increased from 13,271 publications indexed on Thomson Reuters Web of Science in 2000 to over 35,000 publications in 2012 (34,528 catalogued at Dec 15, 2012).	4
The United States carries 72% of the total Eigenfactor for all countries.	4
Managing subscription journals and open access charges together has created challenges which may in part be dealt with by offsetting the two revenue streams against each other.	1
Hence, we set the following research questions: 1.	1
By proposing a population model for the academic community, our approach creates a systematic method to describe the size as well as the composition of the community (in terms of immigrants, seniors and their offspring) over time.	5
2009), thus, we employ the term of both community detection and clustering in this research alternatively.	0
This paper contributes to the literature on the gender gap in research evaluation.	5
2 We use the terms "field" and "topic" interchangeably, because the distinction between the two is rather arbitrary (Sugimoto & Weingart, 2015).	0
a paper in Econometrica is not necessarily better than a paper in the Journal of Monetary Economics).	5
For journal articles it is clear that between the pre-ERA and ERA contexts the importance of ‘relevance to the audience’ is considerably reduced (from 209 to 124 points).	4
Our study reveals that the largest differences are in those fields within which various publication and cooperation patterns (e.g.	5
R&P has been most effective where consortia have presented TAs collectively to a large group of institutions at once, as was the case in the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand.	5
To calibrate the model parameters to the data, we apply a maximum likelihood approach.	3
RQ2: Is there a correlation between the domain Websites’ primary colors and other characterizing elements of the domain (e.g., distribution of sub-domains and hyperlink structure)?	1
We used the information provided in the Scopus author affiliation field (i.e., department, school, and university affiliation) as the basis for each author's discipline.	3
1, was made by the “Subject area” category from 2007 to 2012.	4
We collected all 1.28 million publications indexed in the Web of Science database that were published in 2014 and that are authored by one or more of the 750 universities included in the 2015 edition of the CWTS Leiden Ranking (www.leidenranking.com; Waltman et al., 2012).	2
Research productivity was adjusted to the national population and nominal gross domestic product (GDP) per capita.	3
The results demonstrate that our indicator can effectively identify outstanding papers, thus providing a more comprehensive evaluation method for evaluating academic research.	4
We selected 564 papers that the respondents published as the first or second author in the year of their graduation or 1–2 year before.	2
Number of references per journal cited in the 5 most recent blog posts for the 126 blogs.	0
The systematic search identified 9,935 citations published between 1980 and February 6, 2015.	4
We investigated the prices of all books in the earth sciences category at bookschina.com for 2001-2011: in 7 out of 11 years, prices rose the average price was 33.94 yuan per unit in 2001 and 81.63 yuan in 2011, a rise of 140.51%, i.e.	2
2935 documents were retrieved making up less than 1% of global nursing and midwifery research output.	4
Invitations to participate and an information sheet were sent via email.	0
The third step is the transition from a NPR to a potential SNPR.	3
The analysis consists of three stages, starting with a graphical description of the data to identify patterns for the relationship between research performance and public outreach activities.	3
The results show that the citers of the Top 1% or Top 10% Citations Sets in the sparking group have much higher h-indices than those in the ordinary group.	4
This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license (http:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).	0
Note that here k is used as the index of the citation sequence, as i, because of its historical legacy, is traditionally used as the notation for impact.	0
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Bj?rk is Professor of Information Systems Science, Department of Management and Organisation, HANKEN School of Economics, Helsinki, Finland; e-mail: Bo-Christer.Bjork@hanken.fi.	0
In other words, the dynamic of internationalization of social science research may also lead to a phagocytosis of the periphery into the two major centers, which brings with it the danger of losing interest in the local objects specific to those peripheral regions.	5
The 100 most cited articles were analysed by topic, journal, author, year, institution, and AS.	3
The results indicate that the databases have significantly different journal coverage, with the Web of Science being most selective and Dimensions being the most exhaustive.	4
The Cochran linear trend test (CLT) was used to analyze trends over time (2 x k tables).	3
My analytic file combines data from three sources: NIH administrative data for the universe of R01 grant applications, attendance rosters for NIH peer review meetings, and publication databases for life sciences research.	2
Therefore, taking into consideration that a large proportion of researchers tend to publish in countries with typically significant scientific impact, international mobility should be encouraged (Sugimoto et al.	5
The examinations for each of the hypotheses are reported in the following section.	0
The main Asian funding body was the National Natural Science Foundation of China.	4
In order to address the issue in further details, particular attention was devoted to the surnames of the persons.	0
Each of these has its particular merits in keeping revisions independent of personal interests, representing a balanced appraisal for authors (Stefanou 2008), or avoiding plagiarism of research ideas and products (Ren 2004).	0
As the source of this data, we choose the publications indexed in Scopus, as this is one of the largest curated abstract and citation databases of peer-reviewed literature.	2
In this paper, we propose a Bayesian network-based method for the analysis of the relationships among paper citation and its influencing factors.	1
Indian LIS researchers averaged 14 publications, with 3 citations per publication, 77 citations for their publication that received the most citations, and an h-index value of 3.	4
Analysis revealed no correlation between citations and Altmetrics (r = .096,P = .506) or IF and Altmetrics (r = .111,P = .443) in 2013.	4
Academically, the proposed study consists of an embedding framework that uses various data, including the text data of a paper, its authors, and citations.	5
Table 2 already shows that aggregate citation patterns vary dramatically across fields of research.	4
In conclusion, the barycentric plot on three text variables—like Fig.	5
The countries in the three datasets were compared, selecting 207 coinciding countries for the data analysis.	2
The results of the Poisson regression analysis showed that cognitive heterogeneity and organisational heterogeneity had significant positive effects on the innovation performance.	5
After the presentations, a link to a survey created with Qualtrics software was emailed to all of the faculty in a particular division.	3
number of publications, H-index) was the dependent variable and degree type, years since first publication and faculty rank were independent vari- ables.	3
In this context, we present a novel, automated search platform, called Risklick Al, which aims to automatically gather COVID-19 scientific evidence and enables scientists, policy makers, and healthcare professionals to find the most relevant information tailored to their question of interest in real time.	1
A pilot query of general surgery residents and faculty members, excluding program directors, indicated that most were not aware of open-access journal APCs.	4
That was the starting point for leading an econometric study to formulate a model to explain Brazilian scientific production from 1994 to 2014.	1
This paper contributes to the literature by examining the role of one group of strategic foundations that are pioneering new development models for disease research, a group that has previously been neglected in the literature in terms of their position within the distribution of academic funding.	1
For identifying authors and keeping them separate we use a combination of automatic and manual disambiguation methods.	3
If we stop searching for robust indicators, we quickly discover that even the roughest of indicators can provide useful insights.	5
From the total of 2155 articles co-authored by Brazil, 74.8% had no co-authorship from other top-10 publishing countries.	4
We harvested records from 1979 to 2010 from the Institute for Scientific Information Web of Science Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) databases with at least one author per article record from one of the following Southeast Asian countries – Singapore, Malaysia, Philippines, Laos, Cambodia, Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, Myanmar and Brunei.	2
The findings add to our understanding of how to improve the overall ecology of knowledge production and create optimal conditions that support research environments in pursuing and ensuring excellence.	5
We propose author lineage independent score (ALIS), a unique model to measure SI of a scholar by using his or her academic genealogy tree as the underlying graph structure.	1
To address this possible limitation, we collected the names of the editorial teams and boards for the 20 selected journals.	2
All original articles, either clinical or experimental, were included in the analysis.	2
Here, we examine the influence of disciplinary patterns on collaboration formation with control of known predictors using an inferential network model.	1
Finally, Section 5 concludes with a discussion of tentative explanations, implications, and limitations.	0
Successful collabo- ration involved a balancing act between different capital and institutional similari- ties.	5
The experimental results demonstrate that the heterogeneous features and the multi-task framework with soft parameter sharing constraint proposed in this paper enhance the overall citation intent classification performance.	4
An author who receives a doctorate from the USA improves the adjusted impact factor of the journal he or she publishes in by roughly 77.5% relative to similarly experienced and cited researchers who did not study abroad.	4
The data retrieval dates are between June 2021 and 31st September 2021.	2
Overall, we observe major changes in LIS from 1965 to 2005, featuring (a) a change of focus from L&I organizations to end users and system development for the latter and (b) increased application of empirical research strategies, with (c) increased attention to evaluation and experiments.	5
We do not expect other results with alternative tools, and the consideration of alternative tools in future studies might be an interesting addition.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Our main finding was that government subsidies were the most prevalent grant source in the last 30 years, followed by industry and non-government sources.	4
The aim of this study is to explore the relationship between the psycho-social work environment (PSWE) and research productivity.	1
As a result, the possibilities and restrictions of this type of weighting become recognisable.	5
I use the case of doctoral exchange in sociology to investigate the Weberian relationship between interactional closure and lifestyle similarities.	1
Factor 3 represents the citation impact of the journal as a whole (all articles combined).	4
Benefits of venture philanthropy include the goal-oriented agenda that leads to an emphasis on getting drugs to patients and filling in funding gaps.	5
Our findings show that despite the need for research activities as a team, the authors in the field of e-learning tend to publish their papers alone or in a team of two.	4
Cluster analysis was performed using Gephi and 3 clusters of topics were identified and clustered by experts.	3
We use an econometric model to measure academic productivity in India and discuss how it can be used in the Indian system.	1
Descriptive statistics were calculated and compared; Spearman correlation coefficients were computed to learn more about the relationship between citation and the three types of usage data.	3
The most prolific networks were among Cuban and U.S. researchers (Figure 1).	4
Finally, knowledge clusters of TFSC-SIs are identified along with their prominent actors (authors and institutes) and research themes.	5
In general, the major contribution to China's total scientific research output comes from hard science.	4
Initially, the data set had 2,092,356 publications and 8,024,869 citations between them, also record of 1,712,433 authors and 4,258,615 collaboration relationships between authors.	2
Specifically, we first identified the interdisciplinary topics in LIS from two perspectives: disciplinary diversity and disciplinary cohesion.	5
Compared with Scopus, GS finds more than 5 documents per document found in Scopus; but these differences in coverage vary by discipline.	5
This paper explores through the use of a narrative approach the role of planned and unplanned factors and presents elements for understanding how and when serendipity occurs in highly cited research.	1
The experiences of faculty members were interpreted in the form of two encouraging and inhibiting factors in co-authorship.	4
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
To evaluate the effect of these confounding variables, we built fixed-effects and mixed-effects linear regression models with author prestige as the outcome variable (maximum in paper), an indicator variable for reviewing policy (where 1 = SB, 0 = DB) as the fixed effect predictor variable, and conference as a random effect in the mixed-effects model.	3
While these findings are in line with previous results for journals in international relations (Reingewertz & Lutmar, 2018) and law (Yoon, 2013), they are not in line with prior research in economics.	5
We conducted a combination of conventional and directed content analysis on reviewer comments.	3
A significant majority of faculty members (21 out of 28, or 75%) were missing 10 percent or more of the HOA references to articles listed on their HeinOnline ScholarCheck Author Profile.	4
Conflict of interest The authors have no conflict of interest to declare.	0
The Director- General of the WHO, "Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus," on February 11, 2020, announced that the disease is caused by this new coronavirus and named it “COVID-19.”	0
Random forest classification models were trained using 28 bibliometric features calculated from a dataset of 1,485,958 publications in medicine to retrospectively predict whether a publication would become high-impact.	3
This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Yet, the fact that TrM's methods are not new does not mean that the massive funding transformation that accompanies the discipline is irrelevant to the knowledge it produces.	5
Single test reliability (lambda2) was obtained from the IRT analysis.	3
As a result, our final database consists of 18,951 articles.	2
Table 3 depicts the structure matrix for the factor loadings after rotation and shows there are four distinct components of motivation, each with an internal consistency (Cronbach's alpha) well above the 0.6 cut-off value.	4
Mumford & Shane Connelly (2017): Curricular Approaches in Research Ethics Education: Reflecting on More and Less Effective Practices in Instructional Content, Accountability in Research, DOI: 10.1080/08989621.2016.1276452	0
2008; Castillo and Carreton 2010; Selva et al.	3
In Iran, peer review evaluation model works based on 4 main axes of governance and leadership; structure; knowledge production and research impact (9).	5
1 Architecture diagram of proposed hybrid features’ evaluation model for binary citation classification	0
Thus, and almost paradoxically, our analysis indicates that citation counts could possibly form a basis for deciding on, how to fund research institutions, but they should not be used as a basis for ranking them in terms of quality.	5
OREF resident grant recipients had greater women representation than the national cohort of orthopedic surgery residents (21.0% vs.	4
The goal of this review is to determine more precisely how reference academic disciplines alter research patterns in sport-related academic disciplines and how central this influence can be.	1
In essence, it would seem that in public-private mixed teams it is the presence of public researchers to give the research results a greater relevance.	5
The entire dataset was then divided into four time-slices (Table 3).	2
Of 6926 references to a source publication in these citing articles, for 3925 (57%) the source article had a published CRPI, while for 3001 (43%) it did not.	4
This paper was supported in part by a research grant from the Turkish Scientific and Technological Research Center (115K440).	0
The data that we have collected enable us to compare the bundle prices charged by commercial publishers with those of nonprofit societies and to examine the types of price discrimination practiced by commercial and nonprofit journal publishers.	1
Our purpose in this paper is to try to understand better what is happening in the peer review process and in particular to examine those features of peer review that might give insight into how the impact of a paper is affected by the way it is reviewed, and how much effort is spent on revising it, both from the input of the authors and from the side of the journal editor and referees.	1
The original lists of references were also used for the analysis.	0
The complete search term was as followed: [TI=(Atrial fibrillation OR Atr* fibril* OR Vorhofflimmern OR fibrillation auriculaire OR f?r- maksflimmer OR atrieflimren OR absolute arrhythmie OR absolute arrhythmia)].	2
Non-scientific factors consistently influence the outcome of all models.	4
Specifically, it examined the quantity and scientific influence of papers published between 1990 and 2020 and provided a research-area-based analysis of trends in paper publications.	1
Overall, the citation structure, co-citation analysis, and research topics of FODM publications are explored in this study, which provide an objective view of the FODM journal.	5
This study also shows that only using ORCIDs to collect researcher output is still unreliable in these bibliographic databases.	5
Traditional and alternative metrics, particularly those extracted from activity of Twitter, are correlated in immunology journals.	5
To begin, the number of co-authors per paper (Figure la) has increased significantly over the past three decades.	4
This analysis found that total NIH funding has increased, funding to internal medicine faculty has remained stable over the last 10 years, and the funding given to surgeons has declined (Fig.	5
On the basis of the ideas proposed by Zhao (2006) for constructing all-author co-citation networks, A-NWDC can be classified into two types: (1) exclusive all-author NWDC (E-NWDC); and (2) inclusive all-author NWDC (I-NWDC).	3
In total, 1,083,535 research articles with at least one tweet and one citation (to February 2017) were extracted from the altmetric dataset.	2
* Each data point represents the total publications (ie, total count of individual publications published by all authors on each grant application during the previous 6 years) for each project grant application plotted against the mean track record score given to each application by reviewers.	0
Of the 762 articles concerned, 510 OA copies were found of 353 unique articles (46.3%) in 68 repositories.	4
The study supports the view that such long-standing reference sources are still needed for research and valued by the scientific community despite the availability of online resources.	5
Cluster labelled ‘data science' tops the list, despite the limited number of included publications, over 65% (=27/39) are assembled in generation 0, which increases its relatedness to Big Data research greatly.	4
We argue that incentives, in particular direct payment for publications, undermine the academic project by positioning publications in terms of exchange-value rather than their use-value as a contribution to knowledge building.	1
The unfortunate consequence of this oversight is that the quality of the metadata of research papers (to date, 121 in WoS and 552 in Scopus) is inaccurate.	5
Should journal editors and grant-giving bodies ever make use of random-draw mechanisms to make their final decisions?	1
During this time period, the median h-index for faculty members increased from 4 (interquartile range 2-8) to 10 (interquartile range 5-19).	4
Of the article domains, clinical evaluation was the most represented, accounting for 41.8% of all articles published between 2000 and 2013.	4
The findings revealed the role of network mechanisms, such as transitivity, opportunity of contact, and homophily, in promoting relationship formation and maintenance.	4
Finally, based on the quantitative measures used here, peer review appears to only minimally influence the final content of social science manuscripts that are ultimately accepted.	5
The findings suggest slightly different approaches of the scientific production on sustainable-related energy, green-related energy and renewable related-energy.	4
Consequently, author keywords were preferentially adopted to characterize research tendency and hotspots.	0
Xiao Long, Library of Beijing University, for their help in data collection and verification of data.	0
The whole set of available data (approximately 2,500 observations grouped into approximately 125 SSDs) is fitted to Eq.	3
Received 6 December 2016, Accepted 10 March 2017, Published online 17 May 2017	0
(RQ3) To what extent is the observed relationship between temporal diversity, scientific impact, and disruption attributable to reference age?	1
Differently, all the forms of collaboration are positively affected by research productivity.	4
This study aimed to explore the relationship between family socioeconomic status (SES) and three types of online academic help-seeking (OAHS) behaviours: information searching, formal query and informal query.	1
Journals printed in the English language had a significantly higher IF in the year 2010 (1.64 vs.	4
authors, publications, journals and countries), and thanks to scientific mapping, the links among these variables were studied.	3
We define the knowledge diffusion proxy, and scientific production ranking algorithms to capture the spatio-temporal dynamics of Physics knowledge worldwide.	1
With this in mind, we set out to study the research output of every accredited cleft and craniofacial center across the United States to determine the factors that are most strongly associated with their academic success.	1
The software VOSViewer was used for mapping and clustering of the most contributing terms analysis from text in title and abstract of the all publications.	3
Department of Library and Information Science, Carlos III University of Madrid (UC3M), Getafe, Spain	0
This study provides a systematic and objective view of the FODM journal, which can be helpful for scholars to understand the development and the research structure of this journal.	5
The second-act model may have applications in estimating the time of potential waker articles for second-act awakened articles.	5
Journals were selected based on the 5-year impact factor as provided by the Journal of Citation Reports (JCR) 2012.	2
to be or not to be on Twitter).	3
However, several post-1992 universities managed to capture significant income from funders like UK and EU governments, without this necessarily translating into higher grade point averages or 4* scores.	4
The analysis focused on EU-funded biomedical research granted to beneficiaries from EU Member States (MS) and other eligible consortia partners, and considered also the United Kingdom, since it had been a member of the EU for the reference period.	2
An important practical implication of the research is that section headings are not reliable as indicators of the purpose of a citation, in terms of the six-section structure used here.	5
The 2016 cohort also demonstrated significant, positive correlations between Altmetric scores and citation count after the removal of one outlier (r = 0.182, P = 0.047) and journal impact factor when considering all articles (r = 0.425, P < 0.0001).	4
Inducing a scientist to change their direction by a small amount-to work on marginally different topics-requires a substantial amount of funding in expectation.	4
One-sample chi-square test was conducted to investigate the compatibility of the actual distribution of the categorical data with the expected distribution.	3
By applying panel data techniques to a sample of 91 countries between 2003 and 2014, we found that scientific productivity in basic sciences and engineering has a significant positive effect on the economic complexity of countries.	1
This follow-on study, therefore, extends previous DH co-authorship network studies by adding authors' country of work as a new dimension of analysis.	1
This content downloaded from 194.29.185.86 on Fri, 16 May 2014 15:23:28 PM	0
Beyond these rates, we observe that the h-index per publication becomes insensitive to further increases in the number of publications or coauthors.	4
We retrieved abstract records with metadata of NEDD publications from WoS by using the bibliometric definition formulated by Zhou et al.	2
Combining data from the entirety of arXiv and the Web of Science (WoS), this article investigates (a) the proportion of papers across all disciplines that are on arXiv and the proportion of arXiv papers that are in the WoS, (b) the elapsed time between arXiv submission and journal publication, and (c) the aging characteristics and scientific impact of arXiv e-prints and their published version.	1
Utilizing a national sample of 168 cluster-hire faculty members from eight U.S. research universities, we find statistically significant gains in research output, collaborations, and research impact from pre- to post-hire.	2
Data for this study were extracted in March 2021 from the Covid-19 Open Research Dataset, “CORD-19,” an open resource of scientific papers on COVID-19 and related historical coronavirus research.	2
On which scientific shoulders do the papers published in this journal stand?	1
We created a citation stream of influence for each key paper across up to five generations of citations.	3
In recent years, the two countries have accounted for 24.66% and 25.65% of the total international collaboration in the United States, respectively, representing an increase of 8.36% and 9.35% compared to the period preceding the Trump administra- tion.	0
To test the universal reproduction ability of the proposed model, we analyze two empirical coauthorship networks from two metadata with different collaboration levels (Table 2).	2
This article explores the reasons why scholars cite the NYT so much.	1
Our study yields a picture of a topical network of papers linked by ideas, not a social network of authors linked by interactions.	0
We present four feasible schemes to consolidate citation counts for the articles with both versions and also propose a universal scheme based on the research output.	3
Density equalizing maps of the total number of Ebola related publications.	0
The timespan is set from 1998 to 2020, and the starting point is set to 1998 due to PR originating from then.	2
The c-index values (Table 4) are less than h-index values (Table 1) for all authors.	4
The goal of this study was to explore publication output to construct a picture of orthopedics that may be beneficial to researchers and orthopedic specialists.	1
These were converted from pdf into plain text using the UNIX pdftotext command (Poppler 2022).	3
Keywords Scientific misconduct · Intellectual theft · Self-plagiarism · Plagiarism checker Retraction	0
To search for anonymous indexed records, the term “Anonymous” was entered by selecting the “Author” field in WoSCC (Clarivate, 2021).	2
Our attention is focused on the Scopus database, although preliminary data show that the Web of Science database is far from being free from these errors.	1
The increase of total competitiveness S(t) in both networks shows that it is getting harder to get a new co-authorship or a new citation.	5
Most of the collaboration was with the United States (US) (n=395; 6.6%) and the United Kingdom (UK) (n=238; 4%), with the strongest collaboration between Spain and the UK (n=119), Spain and the US (n=103) and Spain and Italy (n=85).	4
When restricted to RCs with at least 20 papers, both models have CSI scores that are above the FUSE threshold of 25% in most years.	4
In specific fields of scientific knowledge, the evolution of science can be understood based on bibliometric studies.	3
The network constituted by researchers and academics from the field of communication who have participated in doctoral committees from 2000 up until 2012 is selected as the area of study, in order to test the two hypotheses on the influence of scientific productivity and social activity in scientific decisions.	2
However, combining the three approaches outperforms the exclusive use of co-citation in the study.	4
The results showed there is an obvious citation advantage for OA health and medical science journals compared with non-OA journals.	4
Second we determine the priority given to hepatitis studies in a number of leading countries, distributed over five continents.	1
Research Question 2: What role does article's writing style play in explaining the gender differences in research performance?	1
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-016-1984-4) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
The generalization of the prediction model was consistent with that of the samples in the material science discipline.	4
The second one includes highly productive authors (named “Productive”).	2
This study analyzed the topic evolution patterns for preprints and traditionally published articles in the area of astrophysics.	5
In general, any major discrepancy between what academics think will most encourage them to participate in interdisciplinary collaboration, and what university leaders would like to provide, effectively constitutes its own barrier to interdisciplinary research.	5
Specifically, previous interdisciplinarity in the knowledge integration stage aids faculty in publishing articles in high-impact journals, while in the knowledge dissemination stage, it leads to more articles in high-impact journals and highly-cited articles.	4
The Lattes Curriculum of each author was accessed individually, in order to establish the association with SSGP in Brazil during the year of publication in the BABT.	3
The research leading to these results has received funding from the European Union Seventh Framework Programme (FP7/2007–2013) under grant agreement No.	0
Funding totals were determined for award mechanisms and NIH institutes.	3
Her research interests focus on knowledge management and competitive intelligence, informetrics and scientific evaluation.	0
The most productive country by far was the United States of America (USA) (n = 1551; 43%), followed by Taiwan (n = 257, 7.1%), the Netherlands (n = 248, 6.9%), the United Kingdom (UK) (n = 205, 5.7%), Germany (n = 203, 5.6%), Spain (n = 188, 5.2%), South Korea (n = 187, 5.2%), Canada (n = 174, 4.8%), the People's Republic of China (n = 151, 4.2%) and Australia (n = 112, 3.1%) (Table 4).	4
Table 2 displays the results from three correlation tests, indicating that the number of citations and in-lobby index are strongly correlated.	4
Note(s): Results of Mann-Whitney U test for differences on the yearly distribution of the number of teams: Z-score = -3.445, Sig.(2-tailed) = 0.001	0
These results suggest that a paradigm shift toward OA in the immediate future is fairly unlikely.	5
Data were analyzed by t-tests with Bonferroni corrections, and data were transformed to a normal distribution where appropriate.	3
In line with the FIS Programme objectives and evaluation criteria, which assess researchers' activity and performance on the basis of their leadership capabilities and scientific productivity (articles published in journals that have been assigned an impact factor), FIS researchers focus their efforts on scientific publications rather than patenting, commercial or entrepreneurial activities.	5
Both surveys were delivered online using iSurvey software maintained by the University of Southampton (https://isurvey.soton.ac.uk/).	3
To conclude, pharma-authored research is being increasingly published as preprints as revealed by the gradual increase in the absolute number of preprints over the years.	5
Productivity metrics include number of papers (Np), author status (based on the author position on an article) and publication sources, such as peer-reviewed journals and journal types (specialty/sub-specialty specific or more general journals, for example) [1].	3
First, we used standard scientometric tools based on descriptive statistics.	3
There were a total of 224 SSB awardees in seven categories (Table 1).	2
The proposed methodology for identifying the scientific strengths and weaknesses of a country avoids distortions related to the size dependency of traditional methodologies, i.e.	5
To collect the data, we searched the Web of Science Core Collection for academic articles on the topic “robot*” published between 2009 and 2016 inclusive.	2
The algorithm is based on a controlled vocabulary of over 30,000 rules (D’Angelo, Giuffrida and Abramo 2011)3.	2
For RQ3 we applied qualitative content analysis to investigate the difference between dominantly female vs.	3
However, the human mind is notoriously bad at synthesizing large amounts of data.	0
Our work involves a total of 27 selection processes with 174 candidates who published a total of 7,654 documents indexed in the Web of Science (WoS) in the 10 years up to their application.	2
The quality of user-generated content on YouTube is measured using the proposed indices of h?-index, g?-index and M,-index.	5
The next indicator is the ‘Percentage of highly cited publications’ (PPTOP10), which indicates the proportion of publications that belong to the 10% most frequently cited in the same field(s), type of document, and publication year.	3
(2) In general, disciplines with higher citation rates have higher altmetric presence.	4
Three dimensions, namely publication features, author features, and content features, were divided into explicit and implicit features to form a set of scientometric terms through explicit feature extraction and implicit feature mapping.	3
1, wherein the expected growth values have been derived and calculated using the Straight line equation Y = mx + c (where, c = y,	0
The primary goal of this study is to provide greater detail of the characteristics of references to book-format sources in the field of Spanish and Latin American literature by reporting the number of references by type of publisher, geographic origin, and by language of publication.	1
More surprisingly, the OA effect is more pronounced in lower ranked journals than in high-ranking journals, suggesting a “long tail” effect.	5
Also, identify and compare the main producers (countries, institutions) over time (research output, citation impact).	1
Our study demonstrated that the h-index significantly correlates with the total number of publications of an academic plastic surgeon.	5
As the main measure of impact, we chose the field-normalised citation rate (FNCR) where the publications' citation scores are normalized on the level of WoS subject categories.	3
This paper examines the relation between department affiliation and interdisciplinarity in terms of knowledge creation.	1
The authors recommend that the university should nurture interest in, as well as enhance capability for inquiry and investigation to increase research productivity.	5
As a demonstration, Table 3 contains index scores for 10 fictional scholars thought to be the best in some anonymous field.	2
or is that distribution similar across numerous countries?	1
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)	0
The research period of this model is set from 1993 to 2012.	2
This article investigates Southeast Europe countries in terms of structure and quality of their publication output in the period of 2005–2010.	1
This indicates that inflation rate is also an important factor that influences a country's centrality beside the overall scale of international co-authorship.	5
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The data in this study was provided by ISI (Institute for Scientific Information).	0
Systematic sampling is a method of choosing a random sample from a population.	0
As the railway development slowly enters a “big operation era”, it can be inferred that the development trend of green railway research could throw light on the following three areas: from the research perspective and topics, it should be based on a framework of life cycle management to explore, systematically and deeply, the correlation and integration of railway green design, green construction, green operation and maintenance; in terms of the research content, more focus should be on new theories, new methods, and new technologies of railway green operation and green maintenance on the basis of railway green design, construction, and manufacturing research, such as railway green operation strategies and evaluation systems and green transportation organization theories and methods; from innovation paths, academic progress still needs both external and internal paths, interdisciplinary integration and innovation as the primary internal driving force to promote green railway research, and more focus on the use of big data and artificial intelligence and other technologies to innovate green railway development.	5
There are approximately one million articles published between 1936 and 2014 in the data set.	2
Initially, we should amend the current 'bad apples' view of RM, as something committed only by individual persons, and recognize a system-level perspective.	5
Our study concludes the main themes of the urban environment and health effects, as the reference for further researchers.	5
The most used approach for the statistical estimation of α is the one proposed by Egghe (1990, 2005a).	3
For example, the citation slice in 2000 is employed to calculate L2000.	0
While the analysis of article citations will always be a necessary activity, it is apparent that citation count does not necessarily correlate with perceived importance.	5
(2012), results of the Leiden Ranking 2011/2012 for 500 universities from 41 countries are presented.	2
AIMS is a $6.6 M National Science Foundation [NSF]-funded collaboration of 19 faculty investigators (~50% early career researchers [ECRs]), six postdoctoral associates, 19 graduate students, and nine undergraduate students spread across three general regions of the US (Figure 1).	2
Author origin and gender seem to be associated with self-citations and should be therefore taken into account when evaluating authors' attitudes towards self-citation as well as research performance.	5
This study aims to explore whether and how the productivity and the impact acquired by studying a topic shape scientists' topic selection behavior in a data-driven way, and disclose and simulate the interactive mechanism composed of the productivity and the impact behind topic selection.	1
Nationally oriented scientific-scholarly journals are considered from a methodological-informetric viewpoint, analysing data extracted from Scimago Journal Rank based on Scopus.	1
The findings of this study demonstrate that individuals are keenly impacted by the change and uncertainty that characterises research in the higher education sector.	5
To answer this question, a model calculation is undertaken.	3
The shortlist of AIS-supported quality IS conferences were the ICIS, the ECIS, the PACIS, and the AMCIS.	2
In relation to the different levels of originality, there was a commonly accepted distinction between the two extremes; on the one hand, what was considered purely original research, entirely new, not previously reported in any other field and, on the other hand, the lowest incremental originality or no originality at all (Fig.	4
We run a cross sectional regression that covers 42–71 countries (depending on the ranking and data availability).	3
Considering the unavailability of open access in some journals and the difference in citation pattern of review with research articles, 6,235 full-text research articles from 32 journals were finally retained for our study.	2
Specifically, we analyzed 2,580 peer review histories from eLife submissions between 2016 and 2021 to examine the relationship between reviewers' academic status and their language usage in the first round of peer review.	1
How much overlap is there between GS, WoS, and Scopus in the citations that they find to academic documents and does this vary by subject?	1
As for type of article, “therapeutic" accounted for half of the articles, similar to the results in other such studies.5	0
Please note that this sample included articles that were later excluded from analysis as described in the following section.	0
At the start of the ORCID DE project, a nationwide needs assessment was undertaken.	3
To measure the correlation between citation counts cit and quality qi at time step t we used the Pearson correlation coefficient.	3
No effect was found for in-group bias at the JPE or REStud.	4
In co-authorship map, the names of the authors are introduced into the software as unit of analysis, and they are linked to each other based on the number of jointly authored papers.	3
We removed articles classified as commentaries (n = 24), reviews (n = 9), and articles focused solely on plants and invertebrates (n = 9) from our sample because of low sample sizes, providing a final sample size of 778 articles.	2
If material is not included in the article's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder.	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
The objective of this article is to compare journal subscriptions and actual use for American and Canadian research universities.	1
The main reasons for publishing were scientific (96%) or reputation (76%); only 17% of respondents reported publishing to obtain SIGAPS points.	4
Needless to say that agricultural sciences are of vital importance for developing countries and for Cuba in particular.	0
Starting with the initial set of input parameters, a two-phase approach was employed to obtain a more compact set of transformed variables.	3
Of the 888 study participants, 161 (18.1%) females faculty participated in the study.	2
Globally, the 247 IRs published 519 articles in the past 6-year period, with a total number of 1488 citations, a rate of 0.35 articles per interventional radiologist/year, with an average IF of 0.85 ± 1.77, average h-index of 0.95 ± 7.58, and an average of 6.38 ± 40.26 citations per author.	4
The vast majority of research was found under the subject area Public, Environmental & Occupational Health (n = 2564).	4
The correlation between the Rs and Rv values for the total number of units studied (13,794) is high (R = .704).	4
This article contributes to the growing body of research on interdisciplinary collaboration by applying a distinct theoretical and analytical framework to emphasise the potential of grassroots collaboration and the role of power and influence on research within universities.	5
Put differently, we aim to explain what country-level factors determine why researchers from one country collaborate with colleagues in some countries, but not with those from others.	1
(3) As for AI updates (trial and error), one updated AI preprint was submitted to arXiv every 41 days, with around 33 % of AI preprints having been updated at least twice in 2019.	4
They are also restricted to results from a single country, and other country evaluators may consider different criteria when judging the quality of an article (Taylor & Willett, 2017), such as its value for practical solutions.	0
the authors have taken the actual number of years between the two periods say like 2005 to 2014 = 10 years, but authors should take the difference of years, i.e.	5
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial, or not-for profit sectors.	0
The paper is organized as follows: in the next section we analyze the inventory effect of the literature publishing process.	0
Kendall's correlation coefficient is positive and significant only for the University of Sannio (tau-b=0.800, calculated for only 5 SDSs).	4
Obviously, regardless of whether JIFn and JIF are computed to the same number of decimal places, CRn is always zero or positive.	0
The search in MLA International Bibliography, conducted in December 2014, yielded 5 monographs and 59 book articles on Persuasion.	2
SciFinder, Scopus, and Web of Science, listed alphabetically, were the leading databases for searching the chemical engineering literature.	4
Male researchers achieve significantly higher impacts than females.	1
JSTOR’s hitherto underutilized Data for Research service provided yearly counts in a large sample of references to the scholarly work of 57 Nobel Prize winning economists (NPWs) from 1930 to 2005.	5
Which are the most productive research themes and how did they evolve through time?	1
For hypothesis testing, group means were compared pairwise using Welch's two-sample t-test and group medians using the Wilcoxon signed-rank test; differences between distributions of two categorical variables were tested with the χ2 test; and correlations between two numerical variables were evaluated using Pearson's product-moment correlation coefficient.	3
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
Initially, 62 colleagues working in 18 countries were emailed immediately following Christmas in 2020.	2
From the retraction notices, the following information has been collected: retraction year and reasons for retraction.	3
For the second area, we find that most papers achieved their first citation within a year from publication, and the median citation count continued to grow at an almost linear rate over five years, with only a few papers peaking before that.	4
Identifying and discussing the critical success factors of IRs can also influence the success of digital libraries, as IRs are a type of digital library system.	5
1 I acknowledge support from NSF grants 1413898/1063944, “The Social Organization of Collaboration in the Chemical Sciences."	0
Cuban collaborative articles represented 60.2% of those articles that were further completed with all author affiliations.	4
The results also support H3 in that they consistently show that mid-rank (Associate Professors) and junior (Lecturers) scholars are likely to utilize the journal list more extensively than full Professors.	4
A cross-sectional, descriptive and observational study was performed, using a bibliometric approach.	3
Articles are based on fractional counting and cover 26 out of 310 Scopus narrow subject categories.	2
We used Degree Centrality (DC) from the complex network to represent the popularity of individual algorithms within a group.	3
2 Interest rates on 10-year government bonds during the Greek sovereign debt crisis	0
The diffusion power, diffusion speed, and diffusion breadth were calculated to quantify knowledge diffusion.	3
This study showed that publication in top higher education journals is under-representative of countries in the Global South (Africa, Latin America, South Asia) despite many English speakers living in these areas.	5
Our selection was guided by three criteria: journals being published by the same publisher, having published a considerable number of special issues over years, and having been previously indexed.	2
The present study found that ranking journals using their IF-based classifications is hardly affected when the self-cited component is excluded from IF calculation; the self-cited component significantly improved the ranking of Neotropical Ichthyology only in 2007 and 2011.	4
Correspondence address: Agnes Bj?rn, Nybrovej 33A, 2nd floor, DK-2820 Gentofte, Denmark.	0
The present study is based on a panel of 102 publications in biology, mathematic, economics and sociology.	2
Our results show a decline of MD authorship from 96.6% in 1998 to 72.0% in 2018 (P = .003).	4
Only authors possessing a unique identifier, either ORCID or ResearcherID, were included in the study.	2
For this study, the metadata of publications of Current Science were collected for the 28-year period (1990–2017) from WoS (http://webofknowledge.com/) using the query (IS=0011-3891) Timespan: 1990–2017.	2
We present a new metric, based on the relationship between the paper i’s degree in the citation (si) and co-citation network (ki), which is ki = ∑(rj; ?	3
Theodore Richards, the first American chemist to be awarded a Nobel Prize, was at the forefront in this new trend in chemistry.	5
These searches and selection criteria led to the identification of eight stated preference ratings suitable for inclusion in the study—one in CCJ, five in LIS, one in PAD, and one in SWK.	2
Research evaluation using unbiased metrics could be important for the retention of women, because other factors such as implicit bias are unlikely to quickly change.	1
The work was partially supported by Russian Foundation for Basic Research (grant 03-06-80434).	0
First, the three coders individually analysed the RG in order to identify broad macro categories of instructions and information by their distinct function.	3
Subject analysis is an approach for analyzing the development of academic research and paradigm shifts in Library and Information Science.	1
Among these collected publications based on our search criteria, communication-related publications (denoted as “veterinary communication education publication”, VCEPs) were 677, which was 11.27% of the total publications from 2000 to 2021.	4
A total of 423 papers were published in 40 years (10.57 papers per year), which received 892 citations with an average of 2.1 citations per paper, h-index of 12 and a p-index of 12.34.	4
PUBLICATIONS OF THE ASTRONOMICAL SOCIETY OF THE PACIFIC, 120:224-228, 2008 February	0
Women and nonwhite scholars introduce more novelty (both P < 0.001) but have less impactful novelty (both P < 0.05) when compared to men and white students.	4
Co-authorship, which was first mentioned by Beaver and Rosen (1978, 1979a, 1979b), is mainly used to analyze the co-signatures of authors in published papers.	3
As societal impact of research is uncertain, long term and always dependent on other factors, we argue here that evaluation should focus on the conditions under which societal impact is generated rather than on the impact itself.	1
After removing duplicates and non-English abstracts, 709 cases (abstracts or records) were imported into QDA Miner software and subsequently evaluated in the built-in WordStat Content Analysis program.	2
The better the preprints' impact (altmetrics and citations), the higher the published journal impact factor (JIF).	1
Also, on average, more than half of top 10 productive or collaborative authors drop off the lists.	4
We demonstrate that an accelerating number of researchers on the order of 10% or 20,000 researchers on Stanford's Top 2% researchers are achieving implausibly high-publication and new coauthor rates, with many producing tens to hundreds of papers per year, and gaining hundreds to thousands of new coauthors annually.	4
This was necessary so that other macros could be applied in order to conduct the main analyses.	0
2 Some of the guidelines include the history, journal philosophy, authorship distribution, research topic distribution, among others.	0
Moreover, to identify thematic clusters of TFSC's SIs, this study uses bibliographic coupling.	3
The second data source informing this analysis was hour-long interviews with six of the journal's editors.	2
The six criteria for improving the social science of rankings are materiality, objectivity, externality, comprehensiveness, particularity, and ordinal proportionality.	3
(c) What are the potential gender consequences related to the use quantitative metrics and indicators in this process?	1
The two most prominent clusters are gene-related (i.e., Genetic Diversity and Gene Sequencing), the third most popular cluster in the complete corpus is the Environmental Management cluster, although this is a highly region-specific position.	4
Based on an analysis of over 1500 documents from archived appointment records, I investigate how academics are acknowledged as professorial in appointment procedures.	1
Data analysis used simple descriptive statistics, reporting proportions and values for each variable.	3
The deep learning framework DeepCCP proposed in this paper takes a citation network as input and predicts the Growth of Citation Counts of the root node (paper) of this citation network after a period of time t.	3
The results of a bibliometric analysis of the evolution of domestic basic energy research compared to other countries for 2008–2017 are presented.	1
3 Distribution of (a) publish years, (b) citation times of valid manuscripts that got published	0
The difference in mean Mendeley saves for TrendMD articles versus control was 2.7, 95% CI (2.63, 2.77), and statistically significant (p < 0.01).	4
Of the 42 Peruvian universities with a faculty of medicine, the leading institutions were Universidad Peruana Cayetano Heredia, Universidad Nacional Mayor de San Marcos, and Universidad Peruana de Ciencias Aplicadas, with 2172, 975, and 705 manuscripts, respectively.	4
Study results reveal that: (1) Recently, China has made remarkable strides in digital and green technology innovation.	4
To learn the model parameters, we use Gibbs sampling where the equation for author topic modeling is,	3
1 Department of Economics and Statistics, University of Siena, Piazza San Francesco 7-8, 53100 Siena, Italy	0
A method is proposed to bibliometrically approximate the specialty of a given highly specialized publication record based on concepts defining scientific disciplines and scholarly communication, and building on observed statistical regularities in publication data.	5
We find that PE scores are, on average, 35% higher (p < 0.001) when influencers are advertising their own products.	4
The results of the survey were verified by 25 interviews with heads of colleges, heads of schools, research coordinators, research team leaders, and team members.	2
These results imply two dilemmas that hinder the development of independent scientists and the sustainable progress of science.	5
The editor decides, based on the noisy signal about the paper's quality, z, whether to accept the paper for publication or not.	3
Specifically, we sought to determine whether there were any differences among awardee groups on academic advancement, publications, grants, recognition, and mentoring (see Figure 1, right-hand panel) after adjusting for number of years since award and covariates, including personal characteristics, prior training, and prior productivity (Figure 1, left-hand panel).	1
Commercial publishers are used by 82% (239 of 293) of radiology journals.	4
software because of its qualitative analysis module and its efficient recoding procedures.	0
This model posits that the sociology of sport attempts to legitimize itself through three processes that are interrelated.	5
This model uses least squares optimization to estimate T1, Ts and τ by minimizing the objective function of Eq.	3
The six datasets used in our analysis, which include IJHCS and CHI publications plus all papers cited by or citing them, were then extracted via Spark and saved as TSV files.	2
After 2013, in the Project universities the number of publications co-authored with foreign organizations is greater than with Russian organizations.	4
However, the applied search methodology and evaluation of results can serve as a benchmark independent of the field of application.	0
To determine whether an adjective or adverb was an emotion word (Pavlenko, 2008; Sánchez & Pérez-García, 2020; Whissell, 2009), we compared each adjective and adverb in our dataset against the entries in the integrated sentiment lexicon.	3
Our model system may be adapted in academic hospitals to better address the editing needs of non-native English-speaking researchers.	5
To improve accuracy of impact factors, the errors of reference listings have been analyzed and the major types of errors are categorized.	5
Out of 329 HEC-recognized journals, 231 (70%) responses were collected, of which 170 were received online and 61 were received in print form.	2
I selected BMC Psychology and Research Integrity and Peer Review (RIPR) as open-access journals in personally familiar subject areas that publish peer review-related documents alongside their journal articles.	2
Comparing cited and uncited papers in terms of average length (number of pages), average number of references, average number of authors and percentage of single-authored papers.	3
Table 3 shows: 1) 74 papers appear to obtain the referencing error by Route 3—having a common author, a percentage as high as 63.8 %.	4
How can one estimate the uncertainty inherent to these cognitive distances?	1
Conflict of interest The authors have no conflicts of interest to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
Identify open access works from UNC Charlotte researchers using Web of Science.	3
The results of this study urges evaluation of scientific teams to include criteria that focus on the potential for interactive dynamics that are not beholden solely by individuals and their own capabilities but rather are products of collaborations.	5
Bradford's findings in the 1930s that the most relevant scientific papers in each discipline can be found in less than 1,000 journals (Garfield 1979).	0
The numbers of hot and highly cited papers were extracted from the WoS?	2
A key finding in this study was the discovery of a correlation between journal indexing by the major databases and DOAJ status.	5
Scientific production underscores the technological properties of the passion fruit flour and presents greater dynamism on results of patents.	5
Figure 1: Evolution of Collaboration Degree of Articles Published in the Top Three Journals	0
It is time to rethink NSF's policy with the original educational goals of the America COMPETES Act in mind.	5
In all cases, TFR shows a somewhat stronger correlation with the JIF (3y) than it does with SJR, perhaps because the TFR is an average equal to the JIF.	4
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to European Society of Radiology 2023	0
Excel 2013 (Redmond, Washington, USA), GraphPad Prism 5 (GraphPad Prism Software Inc., San Diego, CA), and VOSviewer (Leiden University, Leiden, Netherlands</LOCATION>) software were used to analyze the trend of TNBC research.	3
Our study focuses on the period from 1980 to 2021 (publication years of citing publications from the field).	1
Full records of the documents that were published by the sampled leaders were downloaded from WoS core collection.	2
Since 2008, a majority of published papers have self-reported JEL (Journal of Economics Literature) classification codes.	2
Our results suggest that having PORs explicitly address additional criteria could increase perceived BI without compromising IM.	5
The data for our work were taken from the Web of Knowledge (Wok).	2
Additionally, those items with a FA section are analysed to identify three types of funding sources: only public, only private, or both sectors.	3
The study adopted two effective techniques: performance analysis and science mapping.	3
672 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY-March 2016	0
In the proposed system, all scientists are given an equal and unconditional base amount of yearly funding.	3
In this research, we have formulated an index to find the impact of the research paper that is referenced.	1
By constructing the dynamic co-word network and analyzing its network parameters, we are going to uncover the whole characteristics of CUR and to provide useful insights on the evolution of the KS.	1
The National Capital Region (NCR) had the most publications (n = 662, 88.7%) and citations (n = 10,377, 83.6%).	4
First, it is rather stable relative to other subject positions.	5
Table 1 indicates weak pair-wise correlation among OCQ, NGC and NCC.	4
The analysis indicates that PPC is a well-respected journal within the field of operations management, and that its popularity is increasing geographically.	5
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
If adequately implemented, such system would fully resolve the problem of multiple submissions, and detect instances of plagiarism of unpublished material.	4
The latest edition from the WIPO Statistics Database includes 35 technological fields that cover and balance all possible IPCs2.	2
If universities and research institutions are serious about equipping their researchers with knowledge and making them aware about the importance of integrity when conducting research, senior management needs to take proactive steps.	5
Bornmann & Leydesdorff, 2013; Chankseliani et al., 2021).	2
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
We find that including only two degrees of separation from Ball and Brown (1968) increases the number of citations by over ten times the number of direct citations.	4
In contrast, the libraries in the Latin American sample are strong when it comes to informing researchers about Open Access publishing and self-archiving options, but they do not link this discussion directly to one about predatory practices.	5
The download was restricted to those 30 countries with more than 98,000 records between 1990 and 2010.	2
Authors' guidelines in Croatian and/or English were available for 88.5% of Hr?ak journals.	4
As a result of the study, Turkish universities were mainly composed of four clusters.	4
Table 7 lists the top journals according to their number of publications and number of citations.	0
The results of this study demonstrate that the minority (23%) of the publications originating from Australia in the 15 highest-ranking orthopaedic journals were principally authored by either an Australian trained surgeon or a trainee surgeon.	5
We claim that the phenomenon of under-cited influential publications is important and should receive more attention.	5
Clustering is a method of unsupervised ML that combines data points with similar characteristics.	3
Keywords: centres of excellence; impact of funding instruments; cumulative advantages; Nordic countries.	0
Journal of Colloids and Interface Science published the most BET isotherm cited articles, while "adsorption", "surface", and "properties" were the most frequently used words in title.	4
This dataset was provided by the Leibnitz Institute for Psychology Information (ZPID) for the purpose of the current research and was taken from Bauer et al.	2
The response to policies seems like a paradox.	5
This analysis has yielded some promising results for identifying important subfields (for example the field of statistical physics has large influence while it is not among the largest subfields) and describing their influences on each other (for example the subfield of mechanical control of atoms is not among the largest subfields cited by quantum mechanics, but our analysis suggests that these fields are strongly connected).	4
The present research also shows that the number of authors increased significantly from 2018 (4.35±1.73) to 2019 (4.68±2.04).	4
The main objective of this paper is that of investigating the effects of external scientific collaborations on the Russian universities; performance, measured by the number of citations towards the publications.	5
In this essay, I argue that despite many apparent similarities, policies applying quantitative performance indicators to enhance the research performance of a country's universities observed in different national cases are far from uniform and do not reflect any common logic.	1
Finally, by deploying the mapping technique proposed by Rosvall and Bergstrom (2008), we drew networks to analyse the knowledge flows across countries.	3
The analysis of such patterns confirms that some aspects of the author ranking are in accordance with the expected convention, such as the first and last authors being more likely to contribute more diversely in a scientific work.	5
Domestic collaboration: All authors are from the same country, but from at least two different organizations.	0
Mental health-relevant policy documents were identified through a web search of the United Kingdom governmental website https://www.gov.uk/government/publications conducted between November 2017 and June 2018.	2
We conducted simple linear regression analysis for both journals and developed models to predict first 12 months downloads from the initial months downloads.	3
The smallest rank order change (correlation: 0.44) would occur if citations were counted only from the Discussion.	4
The majority of the articles were letters to the editor (158, 36.65%) followed by original articles (97, 22.50%), and commentaries (53, 12.29%).	4
The aim of this study was to determine the relationship between the scientific quality and the price of publishing in OA journals.	1
External works were then classified as serving the public (for example government) or private sector (identified as business, private individuals etc.), and as being academic or non-academic in nature (each event was classified as 0 or 1 for the two categories and then the mean calculated).	3
Demonstrating this in a predictive, much less causal, context falls beyond the scope of our analysis.	0
To address these issues, we propose a renormalization factor R to diminish the inflation of metrics via high publication and coauthor rates.	3
While the Retraction Watch database (retractiondatabase.org) includes over 36000 retractions, and PubMed indexes over 13000 records as ‘Retracted Publication’, it is highly likely that these are incomplete accounts.	2
Table 4 Italian professors authoring HCAS(5%) per UDA (full counting method, data 2006–2010).	0
The major country (having more than 50 journals pre clean-up) that loses the largest percentage of its journals is Japan who loses 72 of 98 journals, a loss of 73.5 percent.	4
Finally, SNA techniques are used to discover configurations in the collaborations (e.g., the collective structure of collaborations, reciprocity, or the transdisciplinarity of the organization's activities).	3
The abstract and citation database Scopus (Elsevier) was used to identify the 10 most numerically active authors publishing in the field of orthodontics for each chronological year for the decade 2011-2020.	2
In summary, it appears that the influence of factors from the publisher (publisher, journal, and online time of the article) on the index time is more significant than those from the database (WoS category and index type).	5
Received: 8 August 2022 Revised: 31 August 2023 Accepted: 25 November 2023	0
Analysis of the collected bibliometric data shows that a publication impact is significantly and positively associated with all related geographical collaboration indicators.	4
A total of 3917 journal articles were identified using the search strategy.	0
A three-school, 15-year review of pharmacy practice and pharmacy administration faculty's publications was conducted to identify high-publication volume journals for inclusion.	2
The aim of this study is to examine how macro-discourses of internationalisation and excellence shape formal and applied selection criteria for early-career researcher positions at the meso-organisational and micro-individual levels, demonstrating how tensions between the various levels produce inequalities in staff evaluation.	1
The focus is on the United States for methodological pragmatism: The most robust career publishing data is available for this country, as described in the methods.	1
This article has shown, by the aid of some simple examples (named Cases in the text), that the new system for calculation of publication credits in Norway, has its sides.	5
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
However, the test at the aggregated level suggests that the international dimension prevails as a predictor of the domestic one and not the reverse.	5
Conceptually there is a fundamental problem in the fact that JIF quartile classes artificially magnify underlying differences that can be insignificant.	5
Loet Leydesdorff of the University of Amsterdam for providing access to the data set.	0
Here lie the main differences between our proposed approach and the baseline approaches.	5
The authors thank the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine (SAEM) Board of Directors for their support and guidance with this project and the overall advancement of academic emergency medicine.	0
Bibliometric analysis was applied in the present work, with the main goal of evaluating global research on the topic of cardiac troponin in pediatric populations.	1
In conclusion, the rate of errata reporting in medical publications varies considerably by journal and one-fourth of errata potentially change interpretation of data in a meaningful way.	5
Each of the 67 institutional repositories was crawled to determine what percentage of its WoS-indexed articles had been deposited (“deposit rate”), and when they were deposited (“deposit latency”) (the delta between [a] the publication date according to the WoS access date and [b] the repository deposit date) for publication years 2011, 2012, and 2013 (crawled in April 2014).	2
We find there are generally fewer specialist authors among highly cited papers and more graduate student nonauthor collaborators in single location projects.	4
The identified top Gold Open Access journals proved to be well-established and their impact is generally increasing for all the analyzed indicators.	4
A more detailed analysis of the percentiles of the most cited publications clearly indicates that OA publications are much more prominent in the most cited Tops than non-OA publications and that the Green OA publications clearly outstrip those of the overall Gold model (see Fig.	5
The interest in gender differences in science extends too many authors (n = 3064), countries (n = 67), and research areas (n = 86).	4
Note that only the plankton casts represent biological assessments and the database omits measures of current velocity and acoustical and optical oceanography.	0
For half the focus groups, we also attempted to include at least two other research stakeholders with disciplinary-specific knowledge (e.g.	2
The results of the first part show that most international collaboration papers are published by countries at the same economic level (international collaboration with the same economic level: 52.21%, international collaboration with different economic levels: 47.79%), but, they are more common to be published by countries at different economic levels according to the evolution of percentage (international collaboration with different economic levels: 47.65% in 2011, 49.70% in 2015).	5
The SCOPUS publication record of each faculty member was then processed through the Publish or Perish software (Harzing 2007) to generate the important publication related indicators and metrics examined in the current study.	3
Despite the spectrum of content published by Landscapes, the most downloaded items are refereed articles (6380 downloads between February 2013 and November 2014), followed by poetry (2409 downloads) and non-refereed articles (1514 downloads).	4
PLoS provides access to the articles in XML format.	2
We aimed to explore costs of publication across 53 journals.	1
All of the academic libraries in the top twenty were at public universities.	4
Wolff who contributed to the constitution of the ULP-BETA database in a context of collective work.	0
When a potential match was found, two persons screened the title and abstract for relevance.	3
Our findings indicate that associate editors in general receive fewer additional citations than editors or co-editors, possibly because they have less influence in the publication process than do editors or co-editors.	4
Downloaded from sss.sagepub.com at UNIV CALIFORNIA SANTA BARBARA on June 26, 2015	0
Sending and receiving responses occurred over a period of approximately two months until the number of responses reached 254, which is 76% of the calculated sample (n=334).	2
We want to evaluate how these Covid-19-related working papers in economics compare to non-Covid papers published in a number of ways.	1
We used the Publish or Perish software (www.harzing.com/pop.htm#download calculation date between 6 and 11 March 2014) to determine the number of citations.	3
This study fills a previous research gap and provides insights for researchers and policymakers, highlighting that interdisciplinary research holds greater potential to impact policy formulation and implementation processes.	5
Was either of them right, metaphorically, about publications from elite business schools?	0
In order to be included in the fixed set, we require journals to be indexed continuously in the WoS database from 1981 to 2014.	2
To identify which faculty or faculties are associated with each publication retrieved from Dimensions, records were augmented with their authors' faculty affiliation by matching the DOIs of the publication metadata against the publication records held in the university's Research Information Management System (RIMS).	3
For the most part, user demand is driven by faculty who request the subscriptions for journals and who assign or recommend journals to students.	0
'File drawer' research is as yet unpublished academic research that is important for countering possible publication bias and can be targeted via specific repositories for preprints, theses and funding registries, for example.	2
We conceptualise originality as the degree to which a scientific discovery provides subsequent studies with unique knowledge that is not available from previous studies.	1
Table 1 shows the 15 actions that are used significantly more frequently by early-stage researchers than by professors.	4
Data were furthermore visualized by histograms, boxplots, time series graphs, as well as correlation scatterplots.	3
Although age differences do not systematically support our main hypothesis, we do not find any evidence supporting the alternative hypothesis (that older researchers are more international).	5
Objective: To evaluate the research productivity of Canadian ophthalmology departments in terms of research volume, impact, funding, and cost-efficiency, and compare these measures with the top 6 U.S. departments.	1
The emphasis on interaction leads to a bias towards academics and institutions using the service most frequently, and ResearchGate score could therefore be regarded as an indicator measuring both site use and scholarly achievement (Thelwall and Kousha, 2015).	4
This theoretical model depends on the citation matrix and a content-based citation analysis.	3
Our results show that other factors have a stronger effect on the number of citations that an article receives, than whether the journal in which it is published applies an OA publishing model.	5
Based on these arguments, we make use of strategic positioning theory (Kurek, Geurts and Roosendaal, 2007), which allows us to analyse researchers' strategic behaviour in relation to their environment (i.e.	3
They had to be affiliated with a Dutch University Medical Center (henceforth: UMC) and had to work in biomedicine (understood as their publications being indexed in PubMed).	2
The figures for numbers of scientists in each SDS, averaged over the 3 years under consideration, were obtained from the data base of university research personnel maintained by Cineca (2008), a consortium of Italian universities, on behalf of the Ministry of Universities and Research.	0
Our results suggest a sequential view of creative strategies that balance experimentation and implementation may be particularly powerful for producing long-lasting contributions.	5
In addition, we find that the research productivity gap can be explained by the expanding research network and increasing funding opportunities.	4
The NSF data set is formed by collecting the abstracts from solicitations and funded grants during 1990-2003 from the following divisions: (1) Atmospheric Sciences, (2) Computing and Communication Foundations, (3) Civil and Mechanical Systems, (4) Chemical and Transport Systems, (5) Design and Manufacturing Innovation, (6) Materials Research, (7) Mathematical Sciences and (8) Undergraduate Education (Pazzani and Meyers 2003).	2
Scientific Al-related publications in oncology were retrieved from the Web of Science (WoS) and InCites from 1992 to 2022.	2
Due to the scope of this article, we have not provided highlights of these resources here.	0
The results of our analysis show that the methodology currently used by the Shanghai Global Ranking of Academic Subjects presents several issues, which negatively affect a large proportion of universities around the world.	1
From the 25 case studies, 35 ‘methodologies’ were identified.	4
Over the period 1966–2019, the percentage of articles with at least one ORCID in MEDLINE was was 34.3% (8,829,890 articles with at least one ORCID among 25,773,086 references).	4
Below are the selected indicators, by WoS category to know the most outstanding subfields.	0
The file of lung cancer papers (articles and reviews) was obtained from the Web of Science (WoS) for the 6 years, 2008–2013, from the intersection of two “filters”.	2
Received: 05 November 2011; accepted: 06 July 2012; published online: 07 August 2012.	0
Journal articles serve an important function in provid- ing scientists with information about new ideas and discoveries in their areas of interest.	0
There is a decreasing female percentage when progressing through from first authors to corresponding authors to reviewers, reflecting the decreasing female percentage with seniority in Chemistry research observed in the “Diversity landscape of the chemical sciences” report.	5
It is shown that the total contributions of ISSN records of leading countries and languages to the total number of ISSN records satisfy the Pareto principle for all years studied.	4
This paper reflects the research actuality and developmental trend of Chinese agricultural economics from 2006 to 2015.	1
Our sample was selected from the talent pool of the CJS Program, which was initiated by the MoE in 1998 and has now become one of the most influential national talent programs.	2
Our study also indicates the importance of research on such fields as pharmacology, chemistry (including medicinal chemistry, biochemistry, and organic chemistry), molecular biology, neurosciences, and immunology on new drugs innovation.	4
The original articles were classified according to their study design into randomised controlled trials, cohort studies, observational cross-sectional studies, and case-control studies.	3
The cost of accessing the full body of conservation science runs into tens of thousands of dollars per year for institutional subscribers, and many conservation practitioners cannot access pay-per-view science through their workplace.	4
This study is intended to illuminate another dimension of research in chemistry that has been largely neglected.	5
In 2018 Bornmann and Haunschild (2018a) introduced a new indicator called the Mantel-Haenszel quotient (MHq) to measure alternative metrics (or altmetrics) of scientometric data.	3
We observe that there is a noticeable increase in the total research output (from 219 in 2010 to 728 in 2014) of the IISERs.	4
Within the population of all Italian university faculty, a bibliometric approach is used for identification of the TSs and for the measurement of their collaboration behavior.	3
In a relatively recent paper (Franceschini et al. 2014), we analyzed a set of journals indexed by Scopus and WoS, in order to estimate the rate of omitted citations, i.e., missing links between a cited paper and the corresponding citing papers.	2
Structural equation modelling (SEM) is used in this study.	3
MSI, Faculty of Business and Economics, KU Leuven, Naamsestraat 69, 3000 Leuven, Belgium	0
The data cover the career from the start of the PhD research up to their late thirties.	2
All of the HRN policies are following based on their strategic planning's which are extracted from national visions of Iran by 2025.	4
The present work indicates that SIR is a strategic data source, giving subsidies and new insights to ongoing discussions on research impact and their determinants.	5
ru/1 comprises the topic or approximate title of the paper, the number of co-authorships for sale, the price of a co-authorship, information about the target journal (indexation in international scientometric database, quartile, country or region, scientific area), the deadline for submission and the approximate date of publication.	2
To describe the authors who have contributed articles to the Archives of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation (APM&R) over the 100 years of its existence.	1
To achieve the purpose of this article, first a researcher-made checklist or checklist derived from the common components of Google SEO agreed between the two tools "SEO Site Check-up" and "SEO p timer" were designed, then members of the research sample were reviewed and compared based on the said checklist (analytical survey).	3
A negative binomial regression model is employed due to the overdispersion of patent citations.	3
Ceteris paribus, after controlling for unobserved researcher heterogeneity, scholars with links to editors in the co-authorship network are more likely to serve as editors and this advantage decreases sharply with the social distance.	4
Researchers publishing in large teams (11+ authors) were excluded.	2
The types of publication and publication venues considered in this study include the indexed journals (Q1, Q2, Q3, and Q4), conference proceedings and books (Alamah et al., 2023; Bornmann et al., 2013; Chinchilla-Rodríguez et al., 2016; Miranda & Garcia-Carpintero, 2019; Shehatta et al., 2023).	2
The aggregated data by discipline for NOAI calculation is available in Zenodo: https://zenodo.org/records/10797944	0
How can the methodology be used if no suitable marker paper is known?	1
All authors revised the paper and contributed substantially to the final draft of the manuscript.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office:	0
Data Availability Statement: The data are accessible from the corresponding authors upon request.	0
Our analysis of the three case study journals examined exhibited a similar trend: the adoption of guest edited special issues as a growth and revenue strategy by long-existing commercial publishers.	5
His work demonstrated a troubling reality: the integrity of scientific publishing faces considerable challenges, particularly in the pay-to-publish model.	5
Two components in the market of scientific knowledge are scientific journals and their editors.	0
For the second aim (comparison of Scopus classification with CAs' discipline classification and identification as IDR or UDR), we used the McNemar test to evaluate a change in proportion of articles classified as UDR or IDR between each pair of methods.	3
These were carefully reading the ARC 'Advice and Instructions to Applicants for 1991 Research Grants' handbook; consulting with colleagues (either at the applicant's institution or elsewhere); consulting with the university's research grants office (or its equivalent); and carrying out a literature review.	0
papers, each of which are cited at least 2i?1c?	3
Synonymy caused by different authors' writing styles is also a significant challenge in our work.	5
The geometric mean is therefore the recommended citation impact statistic for comparing nations for a single field, on the assumption of equal scale parameters.	5
We anticipate that this correlation might be even better among the related fields.	0
The highest similarity score of NMI=0.63 is obtained for the pair of solutions c and u.	4
Then, a content analysis of one cluster of research scientists' publications was conducted to understand more about where they publish.	3
Citations counts were tracked by PLUMx using Scopus.	4
In this section, we give detailed explanations of the experimental results.	0
Additionally, two combination methods (Linear and Cobb-Douglas) of AuthorRank and PRP were compared with several baselines.	3
We sought to understand the volume and characteristics of the research from Imperial College London on the novel coronavirus in a publication period of 1st January to 30th September 2020.	1
In almost two-thirds of the clusters, the authors of all articles are coincident (type "same"), which corresponds to the expectations for duplicate publications.	4
has acted as an adviser to manufacturers of smoking cessation medications.	0
The majority of journals do not charge authors or require submission or article processing charges, which clearly distinguishes them from "predatory" journals.	4
Between two disciplines, the one with higher potential energy is called net-outflow discipline, while the other with lower potential energy is called net-inflow discipline.	3
For reasons we make clear in the article, the term "interview” is eschewed.	0
While this law helps establish the connection between funding and publication counts, it is not so accurate in predictions and what-if experiments.	5
However, we do find that women on average receive lower scores according to some journal ratings lists.	4
To compile our survey sample, we randomly selected email addresses from corresponding authors who had publications from 2014 to 2020 present in the CORE scholarly content aggregator service (Knoth and Zdrahal 2012).	2
The most-cited article received 10,154 citations, and the least cited article received 150 citations.	4
1a: an impinging or striking especially of one body against another.	0
Although bibliometric analyses have been conducted across several fields of surgery, we believe this to be the largest study on plastic and reconstructive surgery.	5
Our sample included peer-reviewed studies from the 10 highest impact journals based on impact factor (IF) that published original research in the General and Internal Medicine category according to the 2018 InCites Journal of Citation Reports.	2
Continuous variables were analyzed using t-test of means for two groups, and analysis of variance for multiple group comparisons.	3
NJ number of journals, TP total publications, APJ average publications per journal	0
Thereafter, the incidence rate ratio (IRR) was applied by using multiple Poisson regression analysis with a statistical software program (IBM SPSS Statistics, v20.0; IBM Corp) to evaluate the association between funding and the bibliometric parameters (Supplemental Table 4, available online).	3
The construction of the Y-index with two parameters (j, h) is an attempt to assess both the publication quantity and the characteristic of contribution as a single index.	3
All data for the analyses of the ERA outcomes was retrieved from the ARC website (http://www.arc.gov.au/ era).	2
The novelty of the work is the implementation of a bibliometric analysis conducted on Scopus and Web of Science, using analytical software (Bibliometrix R, VOSviewer), identifying future paths of analysis and evaluations of the impact of Altman's methods.	3
The w-tree has two main advantages over other representations.	5
The publications of AOTT from January 2013 to December 2022, covering a 10-year period, were reviewed on 01 March 2024.	2
In the blind review condition, participants were instructed that their identities would not be linked to their evaluations.	3
The modelled geometric mean approach (formula 1; Fig.	4
The current study uses a structural modeling approach to university rankings, while taking into account the structure of the higher education system in Iran and the country's Higher Education Upstream Documents (which describe Iran's overall educational agenda).	1
Data on the international university hyperlink network were collected using the Google search engine during January 2011.	2
All issues published by the abovementioned journals between January and December 2018 were accessed using institutional subscription and hand-searched for original research articles, reviews, and case reports.	2
The regression results (not explicitly reported) indicate that citation count is the only statistically significant covariate; however, it was not economically significant.	4
In the current study, misconduct was the leading cause of retracted publications in OAJs.	5
A change in the number of copies of an item hosted by IR from less than or equal to the median of 1 copy to a count of IR availability above the median (2 or more copies) is correlated with a higher annual mean citation rate of 1.42 citations per year (t = 11.352, p < 0.001).	4
This result is in line with numerous prior studies that identified a similar range of σ for papers in journals (18–20), institutions (20), fields (21–23), as well as Mendeley readerships (24) and patent citations (25).	4
our analytical framework, including approaches used for the data collection and analysis.	0
For each of the 65 922 articles published, the title, abstract, keywords, date of publication, journal name, author IDs (assigned by Elsevier), affiliation (per author), country (per author) and the number of citations (to June 2023) were collected.	2
The results show that a total of 77 highly cited articles in 37 journals were published between 1959 and 2008.	4
Advanced bibliometric analysis was done using VOSviewer software (version 1.6.19).	3
The present analysis provides the most influential studies on whiplash injury, and reveals the leading journals, counties, institutions, and authors with special contributions in this filed.	5
A simple conclusion from this research is that, except perhaps in the arts, humanities and social sciences, researchers should avoid creating titles that make their research seem obscure (i.e., rarely researched) because they may not be read.	5
The objective of this work was to compare bibliometrics based on doctoral degrees within United States colleges of pharmacy to understand pro- ductivity differences.	1
As the identification of an author by institution in a PubMed search might be misleading if researchers are dismissed by an institution after a finding of misconduct, we also used the Author Search from Web of Knowledge (Thomson Reuters, 2013), which uses several factors other than institutional affiliation to separate authors with similar names (Figure 2E).	3
The maps utilize "warmer colors and bolded fonts to emphasize concepts that are frequently used, while words that are used only sporadically are shown in colder colors and subdued smaller fonts” (Zupic & ?ater, 2015, p.	0
Based on a survey of 705 members of the German Economic Association (GEA), we have analyzed the interrelationship between perceived journal reputation and relevance for respondents' work.	5
It contains 449935 papers in physics and related fields from 1977 to 2009.	2
We recovered 74 375 documents that we then limited by document type to include only research articles, reviews and letters, leaving 68 808 documents.	2
Thirty programs along a scale from 1 to 95 are used to constitute three tiers because they capture the range of variation in careers to be found among graduate departments in sociology.	2
We find that the effect of external research income per FTE on GPA levels was relatively higher in panels B and C where submissions with higher external research income per FTE tend to achieve relatively higher GPA levels in impact element.	4
We also found a better affinity to Nature by the general audience and a better affinity to Science in former USSR scholarly allies.	4
We note that our goal is to summarize common policies within the field of organismal biology, and the inclusion or exclusion of particular journals due to the subjective assessment of whether they have a sufficient focus on organismal biology is unlikely to change our overall impression of equitable practices in this discipline.	0
Accordingly, a second invitation round to 60 additional colleagues occurred in February 2021.	2
However, subtle differences were observed between female and male researchers in acquiring the “local influencer" role.	4
To complement traditional citation-based metrics, which take years to accrue and indicate only academic attention, academia has begun considering altmetrics or alternative metrics, which provide timely feedback on an article's impact by tracking its dissemination via nontraditional outlets, such as blogs and social media, across audiences.	1
This made a total of twelve group sessions with in total 57 persons in a very balanced across-groups design.	2
Half (50) of the total publications were published in the 2000s, followed by the 1990s (36).	4
The final version of the coding framework contains 7 meta-categories and 25 sub-categories resulting in an Intercoder Reliability value of 0.83 for organic chemistry and 0.74 for political science.	0
The purpose is to present a comprehensive overview of the main influencing factors that affect the journal and identify the theme and citation structures of TFS.	1
The rate of "openness" is relatively high in the disciplines of life sciences such as basic biology or medicine.	5
We envisage three different factors leading to distortions: “Integerality advantage” (IA), caused by the fact that the number of journals is an integer value, and if the total number of journals in a category is not divisible by four, then some quartiles contain one more journal compared to others.	3
The advanced projects search function in NIH REPORTER was used to extract the funded projects for both pre-promotion and post-promotion periods of time.	3
Using the full matrix, VOSviewer distinguished eleven clusters, among which two are singletons (Prog Tumor Res and Epidemics Neth; see Table 4).	4
We would like to thank Erin LoFrese, MS, for her editorial contributions to this manuscript.	0
This essay may thus be read as a movement towards a comparative sociology of quantification.	3
A total of 41 reviews with group authorships were included.	4
The aim of this paper is to examine the effect of research output on economic growth in 169 countries for the period, 1996–2013.	1
It analyzes the number of documents and citations and how they vary by number of authors.	1
To form the dependent, independent, and control variables we relied on proprietary data provided by the ERR.	2
This study aimed to analyze the scientific impacts of the RCTs conducted among children and adolescents published in dental journals and summarize the main contents of these studies.	1
To quantify the scientific output of each city, we used three outcome measures.	3
The letters i and j run according to the subfields and to the countries, respectively.	0
The two WHW studies chose prominent LIS journals in which U.S. academic librarians were publishing.	2
In this paper, we analyze the extent to which low-income countries integrate into the global knowledge production network.	1
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://about.jstor.org/terms	0
There are seven areas in which India does not have a single institution that published more than 500 papers in the five-year period 2008 to 2012.	4
The indexed articles were retrieved using Microsoft Excel's random sampling function.	2
We start by surveying well studied practices commonly used to manipulate such metrics.	0
In this section we report the results of the study according to the three variables analyzed.	0
To them, following (Smoczynski and Tomkins 2010), we show an explicit solution to the problem of optimizing the allocations of journal resources when selecting high-quality manuscripts (see “The growth rate of journal wealth" and “The maximization problem” sections).	3
The endorsement effect can arise when official innovation policies— especially research funding policies—appear to endorse a specific research area.	5
The purpose of the committee was to integrate ECRs within the current multidisciplinary environment for mutual benefit (individual researchers and the university) and provide an on-going structure to support and communicate ECR issues.	3
The reviewer can then use many tools to uncover similarities within or differences between the published outputs of co-authorship communities to define prominent research programs.	0
However, there is a clear tendency of journal citation to increase from year to year (Fig.	4
More than 46% of India's highly cited papers were published with international collaboration.	4
The bibliometric analysis of the highly cited papers provided the most updated trends and hot topics which may provide insights and research directions for medical researchers and healthcare practitioners in the future.	5
The study adopted a survey design to seek for the LIS academics' views on factors that influence research collaboration in LIS research in South Africa.	3
The new-methods-drive-science theory explains how we advance science by developing new methods or refining existing methods that expand our present cognitive, sensory and methodological reach to the world.	5
Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), the European Patent Bureau (EPB), and World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) using the Derwent Innovation Index (DII).	2
The list of all possible contributions was obtained from the information provided by authors who published in the PLoS One journal.	0
We consider all departments of an institution or company located in the same city as one affiliation resulting in several affiliations for companies such as IBM or Microsoft.	0
We identified 212 journals from 83 publishers, and the total number of published articles was 12,871.	4
Advanced investigations leveraging imaging, computational tools, biomarker discovery and organ/tissue chip technologies predominantly favoured non-animal strategies.	4
The current study initiated with a comprehensive online survey that lasted for four weeks from mid-November to mid-December 2019.	2
We next use the same sample to assess how these characteristics impact the share of students in a graduate program that receive an award (Equation (2)).	3
Additionally, the number and thickness of the green lines indicates weak collaboration between Sub-Saharan African researchers of different countries.	4
The ecology experts proposed a total of 544 different papers.	2
Both conceptually and empirically, however, continuity is grasped more easily than disruption.	5
The analysis was carried out using the bibliometrix R-package and VOSviewer software tool.	3
both reviewers recommending a major revision) had a greater chance of acceptance than did papers with more variation (e.g.	4
By contrast, non-STEM interdisciplinary research is led by three disciplines—Studies in Human Societies, Language, Communication and Culture, and History and Archaeology.	4
The top 10 institutions with highest number of publications include Utrecht University, International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis, Delft University of Technology, University of Manchester, Georgia Institute of Technology, Portland State University, National Chiao Tung University, National Research University Higher School of Economics, University of Twente, and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	4
We find that the introduction of a regulation that links the possibility of career advancement to the number of citations received is related to a strong and significant increase in self-citations among scientists who can benefit the most from increasing citations, namely assistant professors, associate professors and relatively less cited scientists, and in particular among social scientists.	4
This work can provide guidance not only for scholars to grasp the research direction and to generate more innovations but for the government to formulate the policies of government funding.	5
The impact of internationally collaborative papers, especially those in English, is higher.	4
The results also show that scholars of older generations have lower productivity and their most productive age appears later than that of younger generations.	4
Papers with more than 10 authors were excluded due to the increasingly uneven author contributions as team size increases.	2
To identify changes in the candidate's behavior close to the NSQ, four indices were calculated: the difference in citing habits (?C=[C+ minus C?] minus [[C10+ minus C10-]/10]), in the H?	3
The keyword co-occurrence network for South American studies on marine mammals in SCOPUS is shown (Fig.	4
After describing the structure of the two networks, we conducted t-tests for exploring the relationship between the faculty-hiring network and the collaboration network.	3
The relative field strength (RFS) index also known as specialisation index or activity index is one of the standard bibliometric indicators used to measure whether a country (or region or institution) is relatively active or strong in a specific scientific field.	0
Findings indicate variability in how reviewers use the confidential comments to editor section in online peer-review systems, though generally the way they use them suggests integrity and transparency to authors.	5
On 10 June 2016, a topic search using the terms “knee,” “replacement,” “arthro- plasty," and "prosthesis” was performed in Web of Science, with a year range of 2011 to 2015.	2
We can now divide research groups into three different categories: small (N < Nk); medium (Nk < N < Nc); and large (N > Nc).	3
Within three and a half years from PGRP initiation, 13% of the research students had enrolled in a PhD programme at Health, and 52% had published ≥ 1 paper with ≥ 1 supervisor.	4
We also conducted network analysis to reinforce the quantitative side of the methodology.	3
Secondly, the private and public benefits of IDR do not grow infinitely: in spite of its undeniable importance, interdisciplinarity is not the panacea for all scientific and societal issues.	5
A keyword search was conducted using the Web of Science database.	2
Hence, when planning and using peer review, one should be aware that reviewers—in particular reviewers who score high on metrics—find metrics to be a good proxy for the future success of projects and candidates, and rely on metrics in their evaluation procedures despite the concerns in scientific communities on the use and misuse of publication metrics.	5
In doing so, I identified 104 articles published between 1991 and 2020 (see online resource for a list of articles).	2
These examples are intended to both explain this method and to demonstrate how it can be used to make decisions within a curriculum or for bioinformatics training.	1
Among the three classifiers used in this paper, SVM achieves better classification results.	4
This reconstruction is based on a series of semi-structured qualitative interviews with 33 humanities scholars.	2
Most scholars' scientific creativity showed a flat pattern over their careers and only a few scholars showed a peak pattern in scientific creativity.	5
Further studies suggest that ?-values fluctuate depending on the level of quality of the grant application, though the findings are mixed.	4
This paper presents the first assessment of quotation errors in history journals.	1
A total of 875 e-mail invitations deriving from 256 journals were retrieved within the observation period, with most of them soliciting article submissions.	4
The Modified Rohrich and Weinstein Criteria were then used to assess the number of failed criteria present for the top open-access plastic surgery journals according to Scopus’ SCImago Journal Rankings (Supplemental Appendix A).	3
*According to UN resolution 1244, the status has not yet been defined	0
In contrast with other countries of the Central America biodiversity "hotspot", El Salvador has received considerable attention from the scientometrics point of view.	1
The two lists were also used to analyze research groups in key authors and to map the social network of coauthorship among key authors with the help of three tools (i.e., Ucinet, Pajek, and Bibexcel).	3
Of the total citations received 26404609 (34.45%) were self-citations, which means, of the total citations received by each research article 1.76 are self-citations.	4
Kaplan-Meier survival curves for months to second R01 after first R01.	0
The project team set 40% of reference repetition as the bottom threshold, more than which was defined as over-repetition.	3
The R2 predictability value for this model was 74%.	4
In this analysis, nonresearch pieces such as book reviews, software reviews, and editorials were excluded.	2
These insights suggest that, in research prioritization, funding agencies should embrace a broad perspective of research governance that explicitly considers underlying institutional drivers.	5
The aim is to investigate the opinions of policymakers as regards the funding models for research and innovation, using original survey data.	2
RQ1: Do large English-speaking countries have similar proportions of female first authors across narrow fields?	1
Scientific productivity of Iraqi-Kurdistan universities can be measured by the counting of research publications in journals and proceedings, and the number of citations received in those publications.	5
A stratified random sampling method was used to ensure that the eight broad thematic areas were well represented.	2
The strategy of recruiting aims to achieve compositional diversity in terms of gender, rank, and disciplines.	0
Impact capture as an academic exercise and component of PRFS is frequently undermined in academic circles by a lack of consensus or mismatch between what academics and research funders and regulators respectively recognise and 'count' as impact and the extent to which an impact agenda is perceived by the former to be incompatible with established modes of academic practice and convention.	5
To address the question of how well the library's electronic journal collection meets the needs of ORNL researchers, the list of the 500 most-cited sources were checked against the library's holdings in the library's link resolver, SFX, and catalog.	3
Author names, countries/regions, and medical subject headings (MeSH terms) were collected.	2
A simple mechanism to account for the distribution of credit across authors on a published manuscript is the fractional count (FC) procedure.	3
Five bibliometric indicators were considered in our analysis; the first four indicators are based at paper level and the fifth at journal level.	3
Statistical analysis was carried out using Statistical Package for social sciences version 21.0 (SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL).	3
The results can also be used to design recommender systems for journal submission for new authors in a discipline.	0
More accurate prediction of the demand-supply balance, potential energy production and cost, both on a domestic and a more global scale.	5
The co-citation set is then ordered by citation rate, and then CPR = percentage of citation rates in the co-citation set that are less than or equal to the citation rate of the target output.	3
Renormalized impact factors for the selected journals from 1991 to 1996	0
We then collected the scientific output of the selected researchers from GS using the Publish or Perish 4.0 program (Harzing, 2010).	2
If you would like to write for this, or any other Emerald publication, then please use our Emerald for Authors service information about how to choose which publication to write for and submission guidelines are available for all.	0
Furthermore, this study suggests that misspelling and variants of institution names should be verified and corrected in any bibliometric study based on bibliographic records retrieved from WoS.	5
Researchers do not seem to question the objectives of open science, although they do question the pathways or difficulties that may arise from day to day.	5
Phase two involved surveying 91 US scientists who co-published articles with Chinese scientists related to COVID-19.	2
This study established that the nature of the project topic affected the degree of plagiarism.	5
The first step is to use a HITS algorithm based strategy to discover web resources on a given subject from an open web space.	3
On July of 2013 the Socionet system federates more than 4,000 collections with scientific materials organized by RePEc.org initiative and about 500 collections mostly from Russian research organizations and academic publishers.	2
We will look at three specific factors: citations to retracted items, citations to articles from publishers suspected of predatory or questionable practices, and clues to 'chimeric' or entirely fake references generated by LLMs.	1
Overall, there were both direct and indirect relationships between family socioeconomic status and information searching, Internet self-efficacy played a partial mediating role.	4
International collaboration, present in more than half of the publications, is highly significant and unusual in Brazilian science.	4
Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS), University of Leiden, P.O.	0
The authors found that faculty lack awareness or complete understanding of JIFs and that JIFs are not the most important or only criterion used when they choose a journal for publication.	4
This study was carried in order to assess the quality of journals soliciting such work by email from one of the authors.	1
The remainder of the paper proceeds as follows: next section presents an overview of the Estonian national grant assessment; explains the data and methodology; the empirical results and interpretation with discussion are followed next; lastly, key takeaways from our findings are reported under conclusions, together with the limitations and some future research directions.	0
Q1 (total publications or articles plus reviews), received, on average, 65% of total citations of the research area, but again this value varied from 46 to 98% depending on the area.	4
Within the green OA category, publishers have adopted a wide range of copyright and self-archiving policies.	0
Correspondence to Dr Manoj M Lalu; mlalu@toh.ca and Dr Kelly D Cobey; kcobey@ottawaheart.ca	0
The evaluation process, conducted online, was triple-blinded: Applicants were blinded to the evaluators' identities, evaluators were blinded to the applicants' identities, and evaluators were blinded to each others' identities.	3
In geochemistry, we know that around US$7,000,000 each year is spent on open access to journals [9], with virtually none of this being reinvested into the community itself or the community being reimbursed.	4
The data collection period was from January 1, 2023, to March 20, 2023.	2
2) How has the quality of the overall scientific production by French orthopedists changed over the past 10 years?	1
In order to investigate why some articles are generating interests among the public and others are not, we constructed two smaller sets of highly tweeted articles (thereafter as HTAs) and highly cited articles (HCAs).	3
In total 66,222 in-text citations were extracted from more than 900 citing articles.	2
All authors contributed to the writing of the manuscript and all authors approved the final copy before submission.	0
FLA 5.5.0 DTD YJOMS57975_proof 27 September 2017 6:06 pm CE BD	0
In February and March of 2023, repositories were searched for in three ways: the first was to look up each institution in OpenDOAR, the second was to conduct a Google search for an IR affiliated with the institution, and the last was to visit each institution's website to see if a repository could be located.	3
Latin America has a relatively good standing with the number of journals included in the indexes discussed in this work, which are the most demanding in the world and are an indicator of the quality and quantity of the scientific production in the region.	5
For the inter-class correlation statistic, we found that the average reliability of the reviewers was 0.27 for all papers, with reliability being much higher for manuscripts from China (0.55) than from English-speaking countries (0.25; Table 2).	4
The collected data include 830 research articles published in Cell, Nature Genetics, Nature Medicine, and PLoS Biology in 2010 and their 205,976 citations in Web of Science (WoS) from 2010 to 2019.	2
This implies that the citing behavior of an article's author has a great effect on its disruption index.	5
Furthermore, Twitter has gained popularity among scholars and researchers for academic communication and has the potential to provide a new method for measuring research impact (Holmberg and Thelwall 2014).	0
Our objective was to illustrate how the author-weighted scheme (AWS) and betweenness centrality (BC) can be employed to identify the 10 most frequently cited authors in a particular journal and analyze their research themes.	1
We call Researcher in this paper anybody who is funded by NSERC while Professional Researchers are only the ones that are not counted as students.	0
The next stage in the methodology is a citation analysis of the above publications.	3
It also noted an encouraging trend of collaborative research across many countries and disciplines, where the values of CI (6.46), DC (0.79), and CC (0.59) are very significant.	4
Bibliometrics allows the study and analysis of the scientific activity of an author or group of authors by applying mathematical and statistical scientific methods to their scientific publications in the medical literature.	1
RQ2 What types of paper do editors and editorial board members publish in their affiliated journals?	1
As shown in Table 2, the SDCR is highly correlated with the original PageRank (“prn”) (r = 0.887) and has the highest correlation coefficient (r = 0.935) with “strength”.	4
Based on this theory, the knowledge support pattern from 2019 to 2021 is divided into three stages: rearrangement, iteration, and growth.	5
We use references to each journal as an indicator of their use.	3
Choosing it rather than, say, France, was justified by our intention to follow the ‘contrast of contexts' plan (Skocpol & Sommers 1980, p.	3
Does the coupling of digital and green technology innovation matter for carbon emissions?	1
The Dutch system follows a model of bibliometric professionalism.	4
Our findings also show that researchers working in the Chinese LIS schools are less likely to be supporting authors of the international collaborative publications than their US counterparts.	5
Figure 1 visually displays the effects of geographical and institutional proximities on collaboration and the contention that each dimension may compensate for the lack of the other in shaping research collaborations.	0
Accepting that guarantorship implies in some way acknowledgement of a prominent role on the part of the collaborating institutions, and that this recognition will be more important the more important the collaborating institutions, the paper describes two approaches to measuring this acknowledgement and discusses their effectiveness in helping to recognize prominent scientific actors by using a case study in the Library and Information Science field.	1
In conclusion, authors should be aware of the publishing tendencies by topic of the different journals they may consider as appropriate for publication of their research.	5
DY Patil Vidyapeeth, Pune is the leading organization with total of 28 publications out of which 27 are in collaboration with international organizations and one publication with no collaboration.	4
The literature of addiction treatment is widely dispersed among the disciplines of drug and alcohol abuse, psychology, medicine, psychiatry, pharmacology and therapeutics, psychopharmacology, public health, epidemiology, neurology and brain science, and infectious disease, among others.	5
The main findings show that research is incipient, with a large presence of transient authors with a single publication, the research is limited to the geographical scope of Europe and North America, neglecting many other areas, the impact which is measured by the citation of articles is very low, the relational measures corroborate that the thematic approach is new by identifying a high presence of isolated relationships among authors.	4
By December 2014, the Wayback Machine reported that it had archived 435 billion web pages worldwide.	2
Consistent with the RQs, this study employs bibliometric analysis using VOSviewer Software (van Eck and Waltman 2010).	3
We based our selection of academic search engines on the work of Ortega (2014) that presents a comprehensive guide to the landscape of academic search engines up until 2014.	2
In this paper, we explore 134 articles published in 2020 related to COVID-19 and narrowing the scope of study to Malaysia.	1
The authors are listed and ranked by the number of their articles, and the top 14 high-publishing authors are shown	0
Addressing challenges faced by experienced professionals in the Tropical Andes by understanding individual needs, fostering support, and demystifying the publication process offers a promising path to closing the publication divide and unlocking the region's valuable scientific contributions.	5
These findings offer significant insights into the education system in regard to science and technology, namely policy implications for science funding and management strategies for research funds.	5
In this article, we go beyond bibliometric data by using a range of machine learning techniques to find patterns predictive of citation count using both article content and available metadata.	1
The top three countries represented were India (n=21, 25.9%), USA (n=17, 21.0%) and Ethiopia (n=5, 6.2%).	4
Despite the small study size, the findings added valuable new insights to the overview gained from the 2011 survey.	5
For example, if the first generation paper cites the original paper as one of 10 cites and the second generation paper cites the first generation paper as one of 20 cites, then the estimated influence of the original on the second generation paper is (1/10)(1/20)=1/200.	0
Based on the data from the OpenAPC Initiative, the Directory of Open Access Journals and three different datasets of Web of Science, we employ ANOVAs and multivariate regressions.	2
(RQ2): What is the relationship between the number of joint research projects a researcher participates in early in their career and their ability to obtain research funding in the future?	1
It is important to note that the Roose-Andersen study is several years old and does not reflect possible shifting in rank position.	0
Here, it seems, is the original articulation of many of our current frustrations.	0
A coauthorship network generally consists of many disconnected components, and we usually focus on the largest components, since metrics like closeness centrality, mean distance, and clustering coefficient can only be applied to a single, connected component.	0
1) shows a clear difference depending on the situation in the list.	4
This is a cross-sectional study involving websites of Iranian medical universities.	2
Regarding impact, we retrieved the h-index reported by WoS (during January 2023) based on the total number of citations since the first publication in the field of animal behavior by each focal researcher.	3
Use the results of the aforementioned goals to conceptualize potential risks of predatory OA journals to aquaculture research.	1
This research was sponsored by the Spanish Board for Science and Technology (MICINN) under grant TIN2010- 15157 co-financed with European FEDER funds.	0
Industry only publications show an average impact lower than that recorded for U&PROs only publications, for all collaboration types (column 4 of Table 4).	4
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
The country that published the most papers in 3 journals, excluding EUS, was the United States.	4
Thus, the strengths of the proposed approach lie in its customizable components under a unified framework.	5
In general, compared to the leading Altmetric articles in this field, the cited articles were: more frequently review works published in NM and radiology journals (76% vs.	4
In summary, papers (articles, letters, and proceedings papers) from journals that are classified in the Subject Category Astronomy and Astrophysics in Web of Science, published from 2003 to 2010, were collected.	2
None of the journals had the same ranking to compare different indicators.	4
Overall, Study 1 analyzes data from 12,772 articles that list 79,776 authors.	2
In the final paragraph we present our conclusions and provide suggestions for further research.	0
The coefficients of the interaction terms T*P*D of columns 1 through 4 are significant and their values <0, suggesting that industrial Ph.D.	4
According to our comparison of statistics of annual document citations, the average number of citations per article was only 4.6 in 2000 (Su 2007b), but it went up to 13 in 2011.	4
Bornmann and Williams (2017) conducted their analyses separately for the cohorts of researchers whose careers started in 1998, 1999, and 2000 (and therefore, with 15, 14, and 13 'senior years'), providing some safeguard against temporal anomalies.	3
Surprisingly, the amount of the endowment better determines the number of Nature publications for universities than the total research expenditure.	4
Gender and regional differences contribute to scientific output as a factor of influence.	1
Taekwondo article or review documents published from 1900 to 2016 (inclusive) in the Web of Science (WoS) databases such as Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) and Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI) were included in the present study.	2
Based on co-occurrence of drugs, we built the drug association networks where each node denotes a drug and colored each node with its therapeutic group according to the 1st-level ATC classification code of drugs (Fig.	3
The co-authorship network is an important type of social network and has been widely used to detect the structure of scientific collaborations and status of individual researchers.	3
First, we estimated the intraclass correlation (ICC) for grant applications.	3
In sum, the sample consists of 868 individuals from nine universities (see Table 1).	2
For the analysis, we took as a reference the activity of Spanish researchers in the area of Library and Information Science.	2
The first is that medical specialty choices affect critical aspects of the physician-scientist career path, including where people work, the time away from research, the time to first independent position, and the amount of time available to focus on research.	5
We argue that productivity should be considered as a potential explanatory variable of reliable individual differences between researchers.	1
For an accurate description of the Scopus logical operators, refer to the Scopus Search Guide.	0
RQ2: How much research output could be accessed through the major Institutional Repositories in India?	1
In order to filter out the distractions of these peaks and troughs we have not used actual numbers of published articles, and instead focused on the relative proportions of OA publishing across each year.	2
This study examined the characteristics of 100 highly cited BCI papers over the past 10 years.	1
Co-word analysis is a content analysis technique that is effective in mapping co-occurrence relationships and the strength of the relationship between a pair of items existing in the same text and in revealing the inner construction of a research field.	3
In the absence of a definitive explanation, the data seem to indicate that the SNSF Division II project funding scheme acts in a manner equivalent to a random lottery with regard to track record.	5
A total of 1083 records were collected from WoSCC.	2
In the country-based analysis, USA comes out to be the most productive and impactful country, both in terms of number of articles and citations.	4
Dawson pdawson@rider.edu Rider University, 2083 Lawrenceville Road, Lawrenceville, NJ 080648-3001, USA.	0
Also of interest is the positive effect of gender, indicating that all else equal, women record higher levels of average impact of authored publications.	4
The mean attitude score (S.D.) was 62.24 (10.44), (maximum score was 92, higher scores represent disapproval of plagiarism).	4
In the fields of life sciences, we found a statistically significant increase in the number of papers and citations.	4
In Ariadne, we extend words to entities (such as authors, journals, subjects, citations) so that each entity is indexed by a vector in a semantic space reflecting their lexical context, i.e., their co-occurrences with certain terms (including topical terms extracted from title and abstract plus user-defined subjects) (Koopman et al.	3
Most of the authors with several citations were from the United States, although the University of Oslo produced the highest number of frequently cited works.	4
On the other hand, the top ten journals by PWR appear to be a mixture of journals within the subfield of management information systems (MIS Q Exec, MIS Quart), information retrieval (J Comput-Mediat Comm, Int J Comp-Supp Coll, Inform Syst Res, Inform Organ-UK), medical information systems (J Am Med Inform Assn, J Health Commun, Qual Health Res) and library science (Libr Quart).	4
First, we employed the top researcher database's classification of researchers into 20 Science-Metrix (SM) fields, which assigns a single primary field to each researcher based on a detailed and comprehensive classification of journals.	3
SAs of the documents written by a researcher (DOC).	3
The Editors' Network of the ESC provides a unique platform for devising editorial initiatives aimed to improve the scientific quality, and facilitate diffusion of the contents of NSCJs [1-5].	1
We propose visualization maps of these indicators at the institutional level, providing benchmarks for institutional strategies, recalling that, as stated in the SIR report, their target audience is formed by policymakers, research managers, researchers, media and general public interested in research performance.	3
Our results reveal that, in spite of the vast number and variety of indicators, there is a positive and significant correlation between the rankings analyzed.	4
10) are almost indistinguishable from formula (3) (Fig.	4
In our study, we are particularly interested in understanding the alignment between the medical research effort performed by African researchers and the burden of disease across African regions.	1
We collected all WoS-indexed articles published between 1986 and 2011 by researchers affiliated with each of the 34 universities included (n=1,719,153), and manually disambiguated institutional addresses.	2
After collecting the set of faculty and their tenure years, we match this database to a database of publications and citations for 51 leading economics and finance journals.	2
In fact, 89.2% of teachers and researchers in Spanish public universities declared anxiety and burnout [46].	4
The findings suggest that it is a challenge to publish multiple articles.	5
We use the LS indicator described in Section 3 to measure the basicness of each paper.	3
Of the 126 institutions, we selected for the study only those that contain a number of publications greater than 30.	2
To investigate co-authorship, we combined productivity rankings and network analysis to study whether and to what extent collaboration exists between authors.	3
The result of the statistical test shows a high Spearman's correlation coefficient (0.911) with significance level 0.01 (Table 2).	4
Papers were uploaded to VantagePoint and then cleaned to disambiguate funding acknowledgement and author address data as this is not standardized and many different occurrences of funding body and addresses names are present.	3
Articles published in The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM) were selected as our research objects.	2
Library administrators can achieve worth information about their organizations via a good managed SEO program that ensures websites and digital object metadata are comprehensible and usable by search engine crawlers.	5
First, pooled logistic regressions with robust standard errors are applied to test the impact of transnational capital on the gap period, AI and HI dummies.	3
The locations of the countries in ISM and ISC networks are calculated as follows.	3
Spearman correlations were calculated between the citation counts and reader counts for each subfield and year to assess the extent to which the two agree.	3
Questionable journals were defined as those indexed in Cabell's Predatory Reports (CPR).	2
In GCC, the current trend in science and social science reflects major modifications in educational paradigms in the context of swift shifting and increasing demands in research and its delivery system.	5
In addition, the results also indicate that there is high similarity between intellectual structure identified by the research grant and that in the research paper in the previous year.	4
The articles were published between 1974 and 2011, with most of the articles published in the 2000s (29 articles), followed by the 1990s (16 articles).	4
Forward and backward citation presents a power law behavior.	4
Therefore, the dataset is completely anonymous and consent to participate in the study was not necessary.	0
Furthermore, in a multivariate analysis, we performed a logistic regression model to evaluate if there was an association between the funding source (independent variable) and the presence of statistically significant results in each included study (dependent variable), previously adjusted to study design.	3
Pearson correlations were calculated via the statistical software R.	3
Regarding the epistemological dimension, interaction between theoretical work and societal concerns had a cyclical rather than a linear pattern in the cases analyzed here.	4
Average BCS and CCS according to ages (x) and spans (y).	0
Secondly, the academic experts associated with top 100 management institutes ranked by National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF; Ministry of Education India 2022) in India were contacted via phone and email.	2
Working independently, the first research assistant and the PI reviewed each faculty and undergraduate interview transcript, used open coding, and worked line-byline to identify codes representing recurrent and emergent ideas, themes, and patterns in the participants' interviews.	3
In this research study the LM has been applied on a dataset of over 3000 research publications from three UK business schools.	2
The second investigation shows, with the same data, that there are substantial differences between narrow fields in the time taken for Scopus citations to be as numerous as Mendeley readers.	1
We conclude up the study by going over its potential real-time applications, drawbacks, and future work in Section VI.	0
The left side of the map represents bio-related patents, including food, medicine, and biology.	4
It is against this background that our ultimate goal is to help understand the dynamics of brain gain, brain drain and brain circulation over time and space in order to deepen our current knowledge of policies that can drive brain gain in emerging regions worldwide [5,6].	1
In order to comprehensively reflect the relative quantitative relationship between the two groups and their relative contributions on the process of topic evolution, we construct a linear regression model of Group B to Group A.	3
Upon normalization, we observed that open access publications, when discipline-normalized, were relatively underrepresented by approximately 16% within PubPeer as compared to the global publication corpus.	4
The results clearly demonstrated the impressive performance of several scientific institutes (the Vin?a Institute of Nuclear Science, the Institute of Chem- istry, Technology and Metallurgy, the Institute for Biological Research “Sini?a Stankovi?" and the Institute of Physics), along with a number of faculties (Faculty of Medicine, Faculty of Chemistry, Faculty of Technology and Metal- lurgy, Faculty of Biology).	4
Only 25% of respondents choose the JIF as a factor in their choice of a journal for publication (Figure 1).	4
The distribution of the underlying measure is useful for identifying groups of journals that are more or less of the same quality (from the point of view of the invariant measure).	5
Conclusions: Despite shorter durations and lower budgets, ARRA R01 grants had comparable citation outcomes per $million spent to that of contemporaneously funded payline R01 grants.	5
Awareness of predatory journals or Beall's List improved from 7% and 2.5%, respectively, before the infographic to 97.5% and 94.9% after the infographic.	4
Limitation using the SIGAPS category A was larger than the when using the Core Clinical Journals (CCJ): 15.65% of PubMed corpus vs 8.64% for CCJ.	4
(2013), Bibexcel and Histcite were selected for calculating the number of published documents, number of citations in the collection to the journal (Total Local Citation Score; TLCS), total citations in WoS to papers in the journal in the collection (Total Global Citation Score; TGCS) as well as the co-authorship structure.	3
The analysis presented in this article shows clearly that—at least for the sample of journals examined and for the year in question—the American journals are not only dominated by American-based authors, but that those authors also cite overwhelmingly articles, books, chapters and other publications published in the United States.	5
First, law, linguistics, theology, and mathematics generally have an insignificant relationship between publications and third-party expenses.	4
Using linear regression analysis, we discovered that the cumulative first 12 months downloads of articles cannot be predicted by earlier months downloads.	4
This article will provide a global overview of the current research on coastal floods based on ISI (the Institute of Scientific Information) Web of Science information for the period 1995–2016.	1
The top 100 cited publications relevant to whiplash injury were gathered.	2
Method of reading this table: Consider the entry with asterisk (*) in table which says [1] Brown, [2] Steiner as last names of authors and 63 distinct full name variations.	0
As a result, majority of studies have been done using patent bibliometric methods.	0
The findings indicate that the authors at SBUMS have a great tendency towards writing the articles having more than five authors and such articles form one third of the articles during the years of the study.	5
more than 50% of respondents consider that participation in clinical trials contributed in a significant way (rating: 4 and 5 out of 5) to the improvement of their abilities in data analysis.	4
In Table 6 the predictor Conscientiousness show a positive and statistically significant effect (p < 0.05) controlling for the other variables in the model.	4
In Norway, research productivity is measured (and rewarded) using a complex indicator called the ‘Norwegian Publication Indicator (NPI)' (see Aagaard, Bloch, & Schneider, 2015).	3
View the table of contents for this issue, or go to the journal homepage for more	0
The results show a strong positive correlation among the 7 traditional citation indicators based on JCR, and a high positive correlation among the 8 altmetrics indicators based on Altmetrics Explorer, and the indicators have a significant consistency both overall and internal.	4
A secondary objective was to explore other variables associated with authorship trends.	1
The two Journal Citation Reports (JCRs) 2014 contain 8618 journals in the Science Citation Index and 3143 in the Social Sciences Citation Index, respectively.	2
As a matter of definition, a paper is considered the result of an interregional collaboration when it has at least two addresses from two different regions.	3
It is clear that this paper helps researchers who study the neuroscience to recognize significant changes and trends in the literature of neurosciences.	0
In the present study, we examine research collaborations in the area of energy fuels through the lens of social networks by carrying out a comparative study of two OIC nations: Turkey and Malaysia.	1
Results show that rich and poor countries differ in the relative proportion of their scientific output in the different disciplines: countries with higher relative productivity in basic sciences such as physics and chemistry had the highest economic growth in the following five years compared to countries with a higher relative productivity in applied sciences such as medicine and pharmacy.	4
We speak here mostly to the issue of whether errors are widely associated with particularistic biases.	0
The largest number of PPJ papers are in engineering and medicine.	4
IM refers to the library and information organizations, highlighting the focus on personal information management, human information behavior, health information management, and information resource management.	4
1991; Desclés 1997), which makes it possible to analyse linguistic indicators and, with the help of contextual indices, to eliminate the semantic indeterminacy of the linguistic unit that is analyzed.	3
For the joint network, we calculate the similarity between papers as bibliographic coupling.	3
Barry Sharpless' research and estimate the knowledge flow of his click chemistry to other fields.	1
We appreciate comments from Caleb Smith on working drafts of this paper.	0
Such an approach allows to collect the most publications related to the scientometrics, so that the resulted dataset contains 759 publications.	2
Intriguingly, these consequences had little to do with the type of QRPs typically being presented in the research integrity literature.	4
*Correspondence to: Ivan Kre?imir Luki?, Department of Anatomy, Zagreb University School of Medicine, ?alata 11, Zagreb, HR-10000, Croatia.	0
There is a statistically significant overall negative correlation between the two variables: the higher the percentage share of internationally co-authored publications, the smaller the advantage internationality means in citation rate.	4
Received January 31, 2011; revised March 1, 2011; accepted March 1, 2011	0
The index i is a counting variable from i = 1 to i = n product categories, while k refers to a specific product category among the n categories, for which a price or other parameter is calculated.	0
Notably, h-index was observed to increase by approximately one point with every 3 original research articles (B=0.368) and 4 years since first publication (B=0.257).	4
Instead, policy decisions need to be based on a realistic understanding of the complex and uncertain paths between structural changes and performance, and must take into account that the link between policy changes targeting the input side and the overall governance structures and developments in research output and impact seldom is direct and linear.	5
we calculated science linkage (SL) for each, respectively, using the following formula by Computer Horizons Inc.: SL = number.of.science.papers.cited.by.patents / total.number.of.patents	3
For the 43 OB-PBs, the mean number of citations was 7.6 ± 13.9 for PubMed, 7.1 ± 10.9 for Ovid MEDLINE, and 2.2 ± 6.2 for WoS.	4
France leads in emigration, followed by the Netherlands, Germany, Italy, and Spain.	4
In terms of impact, Table 7 shows that, compared with world impact in the same areas, Brazilian authors in collaboration in these prominent clusters is higher than the world mean.	4
It is expected that this study will help researchers understand the rich diversity of information systems research and help them to identify their areas of interest within this broad field.	5
A turning point was observed in 2000 that highlights Seligman's works.	4
The present position of MR does not alter our adherence to PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
Mann-Whitney U-tests and Kruskal-Wallis tests were used for comparison of continuous data as appropriate, with threshold for significance set at p < 0.05.	3
A sample of fifty university professors was chosen randomly.	2
In our sample, the relation between the average number of authors and citation records is positive and stronger in the case of articles published in non-CEE journals as shown in Fig.	4
SCImago Journal & Country rank (SJR) [10] is a portal that updated annually and uses Scopus database and provides free information relating to the performance of countries and journals in a variety of scientific disciplines.	2
To address this gap, this study aims to uncover the underlying core knowledge topics within interdisciplinary research, enabling researchers to gain a deeper understanding of the knowledge framework, improve research efficiency, and offer insights for future inquiries.	1
We follow a Social Shaping of Technology (SST) approach (Williams and Edge, 1996) to explore the role Web 2.0 can play in a reshaped model of scholarly communication.	3
Nature has recently published an ‘auto-congratulator' Letter (Mahian 2015) in which the authors report that no fame biases would exist in editorial choice relating to the corresponding author in Letters submitted to Nature, based on a tiny sample (239 authors) analyzed.	2
In particular, in this study we used the classical Jaccard similarity coefficient between sets (Jaccard, 1912; see Leydesdorff, 2008 for a discussion of the advantages of the Jaccard Index in bibliometrics).	3
In light of the positive relationship between number of references and article page length in all categories, we adopted a new parameter, references per page (defined as the number of references cited in an article divided by the number of pages of the article).	3
There has been a clear shift in attention from basal, translational research to clinical trials and public health research.	5
The Scopus database was used by 2 independent reviewers to extract the top 100 articles using a variety of keywords.	2
Economic benefits, patient recruitment and researchers' internal reputation have been highlighted as critical issues.	4
Taken together, our results indicate that methods developed to quantify or characterize biochemical substances such as proteins, nucleic acids, lipids, or carbohydrates and improvements of techniques suitable for studies of bacterial genetics were important for the studies published in FEMS Microbiology Letters.	5
We disentangled the effects of the different variables on the percentage of Open Access publication and on the valuation of the Open Access model with Ordinary Least Square regressions, which allowed us to test our Hypothesis H4.	3
In developing a theoretical framework, I will make use of proximity (Bellet, Colletis, et al., 1993; Boschma, 2005), as the mirror concept of distance, to disentangle the various types of relationships between scientists—cognitive, social, and physical—that support the diffusion of knowledge claims.	3
Conclusions: The CTSA program contributes substantially to training the next generation of translational investigators.	5
The drugs bridge scientific research and technological advance, and thereby help enhance knowledge exchanges between science and technology and shorten the cycle of drug development.	4
2a), and similar in shape to the actual funding distribution of NSF and NIH for the period 2000–2010 if F ~ 0.5.	4
Articles randomized to the TrendMD arm received a 95% increase in mean total pageviews relative to control over the 4-week trial.	4
European countries published about 20% more asbestos-related articles than the US, although the latter reached a higher mean IF, ranking second after Australia.	4
Thus, there are numerous reasons to create and validate an index of early-stage research productivity, and the present study aims to do just that.	1
Relying on the Science Citation Index Expanded and Social Science Citation Index databases, a bibliometric analysis of global studies on the genetically modified foods (GMF) in the last 20 years was conducted.	1
Our bibliometric analysis of surgical publications from the Top 10 Global Nations between 1996 and 2022 reveals the dominance of the United States (US), followed by Japan and the United Kingdom (UK).	5
The newly developed 33-item RCS showed robust psychometric validation measures among Saudi nursing students.	5
The study conducted an analysis of variance (ANOVA) to examine the differences in citation counts between subject areas.	3
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 28 times since 2016*	0
A search performed in the Retraction Watch Database (https://retractiondatabase.org/, accessed 21.02.2020) (Brainard 2018) has returned 247 retracted documents in the journal PLoS ONE.	2
Temporal analyses of research topics can reveal interesting trends and provide guide for future endeavors.	3
In terms of the sum of Q1 and Q2 papers, the top three regions are Beijing (246,650), Jiangsu (149,527), and Shanghai (137,244).	4
According to Gastfriend, 90% of all scientists that ever lived are currently alive.	0
What is the relationship between gender parity in scientific output and levels of gender equity?	1
subjective norm, perceived academic culture and community norm of article sharing) and control belief (i.e.	4
Solid color indicates people who remained active, whereas shaded color denotes the fraction that disappeared from the NIH system.	0
This seems to be highly questionable: in their preliminary discussion, Lauw et al.	0
Where CB (v) is the betweenness of node ; gjk (v) is a binary variable, denotes whether the shortest path of node j and k passes through node v.	0
This study has attempted to make visible aspects of gender biases in how quantitative metrics are put in to practice in scientific performance assessments.	5
A review of one year of research publications about the novel coronavirus that emerged in Wuhan China in late 2019 shows the research community reacting rapidly and robustly to the challenge.	5
Many publishable articles are rejected by the AJO-DO as inappropriate for its readership, and these were the most likely to find publication elsewhere.	5
With symmetric maps the clouds of row and column points generated – strictly speaking – in different spaces can be compared (Greenacre, 1993).	0
For the whole country, we hereby classify 8 academic regions, considering demographic and academic indicators.	3
The principal objective of this work is to describe the growth of GSC in its initial moments (2011-2012) through a set of personal attributes such as bibliometric indicators, positions, disciplines, organizations and countries.	1
#Percentage is calculated with respect to the number of articles in WoS having a DOI and found in Unpaywall, i.e.	0
Percentages of grant sources through the years were predominantly from government (60%), industry (23.83%), and non-governmental (16.06%) organizations.	4
From the results it was observed that K-index is the index which brought highest number of award winners in top ranks followed by completing-h.	4
Particularly in the environmental and social aspects, the results clearly imply that green investments are linked with considerable increases in ESG ratings.	5
Address correspondence to Carol Tenopir, The University of Tennessee, Information Sciences, 423 Communications and University Extension Building, 1345 Circle Park, Knoxville, TN 37996-0341, USA.	0
This leads to the finding that top-performing departments tend to be clustered mainly in type III, research-intensive universities.	4
We intend to document the social sciences and their evolution, based on a center-periphery model and by analyzing three major indicators: production of papers, interna- tional collaboration and citation patterns for the major regions of the globe.	1
Therefore, a mutually reinforced model was constructed, which the involved networks include a time-aware paper network, author citation network, co-authorship network, journal citation network, author-paper network, paper-journal network, and author-journal network.	5
As of the end of November 2018, this yielded a list of 2758 researchers, out of which we could match 1713 (62.11%) with a public Google Scholar profile by manual search.	2
Our country and discipline-level analysis compares total publication performance, i.e., the number of Articles published during 2010–2014 in journals registered by the Web of Science (WoS).	2
We focus on a single discipline to have a homogeneous population of researchers with similar excellence criteria.	1
Most articles were published from 1990 to the present (n = 87).	4
Second, we analyze individual career paths building from them a mobility graph and identifying common patterns, such as the most traveled connections between different countries, whether they are equally traversed in both directions and the most frequently visited countries.	3
Aiming to vividly deliver the results, VOSViewer is exploited for visualization [43].	3
In the case of non-normalized estimates, the average number of articles was more than four-fold lower for PIs at early-career level than for advanced-career level (Table 4).	4
The next section summarizes some of the most relevant published results on this topic.	0
This study seeks to derive and assess various bibliometric performance indicators in relation to research output of ESWA journal.	1
In this article, a detailed data set covering the RO of academic economists between 1994 and 2011 is used to directly address the quality versus quantity question.	1
The core data collected for this study from Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection during 1986 to 2015.	2
The other tools include SPSS for quantitative analysis and QDA Miner and WordStat for qualitative analysis.	3
On the other hand, with Altmetric.com as the data source, eight indicators are selected to evaluate the societal influence of OA journals.	3
1 Universidade Federal de S?o Paulo, Escola Paulista de Enfermagem, S?o Paulo, SP, Brazil.	0
The English version of revised PPQ-r contained 18 self-reported items allocating into three sub-scales: stress sub-scale (6 items), attitude sub-scale (6 items), and resources sub-scale (6 items) (Haven, de Goede, et al., 2019).	2
A bibliometric evaluation of neurointerventional research published between 2003 and 2012 was conducted by using the PubMed data base.	2
To what extent are high impact journals from allied disciplines similar to one another based on the discipline of the articles that cite a given journal?	1
The EBSCOhost database was used to extract XML files containing all articles published in each journal during the sampling frame.	2
* For a colored version of Figures 5 and 6, please, contact the authors.	0
The absolute productivity of Turkish and Iranian parasitologists' papers has almost tripled for Turkey, from 12 papers in 2002 to 36 papers in 2011, and decuple for Iran, from 10 papers to 123 from 2002 to 2010.	4
We used the Yifan Hu Multilevel layout algorithm which is an algorithm that brings together the good elements of force-directed algorithms and a multilevel algorithm to reduce algorithm complexity.	3
Differently from traditional link prediction methods, the temporal nature of the predict links is relevant for our approach.	1
The coefficient values of 0.423 and 0.372 for RGDP indicate that for every 1 % rise in RGDP, REP increases by 0.423 % and 0.372 % in both models, respectively.	4
Cluster analysis is a technique that enables a search of the inner data structure and timeline visualization establishes research trends over the years [17].	3
The author gratefully acknowledges the valuable and insightful comments offered by the editor and by two anonymous referees.	0
The changes in relative productivity were similar for both study periods in all databases (increasing before and decreasing after crisis, p < 0.001 for trend in both periods).	4
We used a mixed-methods study design to evaluate the 6 K12 programs, including 2 surveys, participant interviews, scholar publications, grant submissions, and funded grants.	3
6 Goodness of fit analysis of ERGM results (black solid line represents the observed network)	0
The number of the extracted raw keywords was 1,480.	2
We operationalize publication quality as the total number of citations received and the journal-weighted number of citations received.	3
Scientific collaboration networks among countries with articles published with Cuban researchers.	0
Journal impact rankings were determined using 2013 SCImago Journal & Country Rankings (SJR).	3
(1) There is a steady increase in the number of articles that receive altmetric mentions in all disciplines studied.	4
As a subject area scheme for this study, the main categories for journals of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (2007) (OECD) were used.	3
The aim of our study was to help academics to understand how bogus versus legitimate journals operate, not to trick journals into accepting our editor.	1
Specifically, the articles had to: (i) be journal articles; (ii) be published in English; (iii) be published between 1998 and 2012 (inclusive); and (iv) include the term 'obesity' in the title or abstract or in the author-selected keyword list.	2
Our experiments show that such integration of the semantics of the individual entities reflects the semantics of articles and the clustering results are competitive with other clustering solutions which are mainly based on citation information.	5
Twitter users are classified by Altmetrics.com into four categories: members of the public, scientists, practitioners, and science communicators, based on users' profile information on the Twitter.	3
Our class characterization is different but related to that of Woeginger (2009).	0
The page count increases for ten out of the fifteen sets, in the other five the page count decreases (Table 10).	4
We used an archived version (obtained from: https://beallslist.weebly.com/ on March 5, 2018) of Beall's list of single journal publishers to identify predatory journals.	2
The characteristics of a national institutional complex may explain a portion of the variance that is not explained by size.	0
The scientific contents have published in more than 500 journals from 240 academic publishers.	4
Thus, considering these existing gaps in our understanding of retracted publications, this article seeks to address the following research questions:	1
In other words, we see that Nc – unlike Np – scales with community size.	0
Additionally, we also adopted Pathfinder, a network pruning method (Schvaneveldt 1990; Chen and Morris 2003; White 2003), to complement the result obtained by the Louvain algorithm and make more accurate delineation of specialties.	3
For serious evaluation of finite candidates for awards/recognitions, a seven-criteria-based AHP is proposed.	3
Also, OA books could not attract more citations than non-OA books in some disciplines, which is why open access books have a significant impact on social media attention.	5
Acknowledgements We thank Enago (www.enago.tw) for the English language review of this manuscript.	0
Therefore only 465 citation pairs were labeled by the domain experts that belonged to the computer science field.	2
While single-variate analyses show a positive correlation between the two dimensions, a more complex econometric model, controlling for a range of individual characteristics of researchers, indicates a negative marginal effect of the size of a scholar's scientific output on average impact.	4
Therefore, recommendations for information professionals running repositories are to focus on the institutional and researcher needs first and foremost.	5
These authors defined the DI of a focal paper (FP) as follows: DI = NF ?	3
The findings indicate that NS and SSH researchers frequently cite LSBS as a source that is related to a specific topic and as evidence to support a claim.	4
This paper has provided a comprehensive bibliometric overview and visualizes the research domain of the famous journal TRANSPORT.	5
He published 796 papers and has been cited more than 16,000 times.	4
Based on the concepts derived from the Iranian Higher Education Upstream Documents and Measures used internationally for university ranking, this study identifies 21 key measures that can be used in the ranking of Iranian universities.	1
The third point we would make is that 'enterprise research' as found in the NRPE is too narrowly conceived.	5
Data relevant to citation performance of a country was based on the articles published by the researchers of the country in a three-year period and the citation data of articles were collected two years after their publication.	2
We sampled publications included in the ISI Web of Science Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) that included at least one Australian-based author, for the period January 2008 to March 2011.	2
Principal component analysis was performed to examine items redundancy and a general inductive approach was used for qualitative data analysis.	3
Interview transcripts were loaded as Microsoft Word documents into NVivo software, which is designed to help organize and analyze qualitative data like interviews, open-ended surveys, articles, social media, and web content (NVivo qualitative data analysis software, 2008; QSR International Pty Ltd, Doncaster, Victoria, Australia).	3
Shodhganga (‘Shodh' means research in Hindi, and ‘Ganga' is a large river in India) is a repository of doctoral theses and dissertations submitted to Indian Universities, and houses more than 300, 000 theses as on April 9, 2021.	2
These elements were combined to produce the ENRICH list of 250 top-ranking chemicals, spanning pesticides and those used in home maintenance, personal care, cleaning products, vehicles, arts and crafts, and consumer electronics, among other sources.	4
The question we explore in this article focuses on describing the various processes and institutions involved in funding and shaping priority setting, which take place in the absence of a centralized process.	1
It would be useful to standardize reasons and procedures for retraction.	5
Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the prevalence of biblio-metric parameters (country income, continent, study design, study topic, retention system, intervention location, number of institutions, number of disciplines, international network, year, h-index, and mean citation per article) associated with funding assistance and the implant overdenture literature over time.	1
Journal publishers were classified following Dewatripoint et al. (2007) into the following groups: “Commercial Press" refers to for-profit publishers, including those publishing on behalf of learned societies and universities; "For Society" denotes commercial presses publishing on behalf of learned societies; "For University" refers to commercial presses publishing on behalf of universities; and, Open Access and Government presses.	3
The data has been collected from PubMed database.	2
In 2015, the IJCIM published the highest number of papers in a year.	4
TABLE 1 Types of books published by academics at Makerere University, 2011–2017 (n = 38).	0
As is evident from both Table 2 and Figure 2, the work motivation concept of internal self-concept motivation is the highest reported motivator among the sample.	4
I will briefly review the methodology for producing high level clusters and maps to represent them.	0
For the bibliometric mapping of the Diamond OA landscape, a quality controlled, exhaustive list of Diamond OA journals in Germany (in what follows: DOAG) was created from March 2022 to July 2022.	2
The accuracy of COCD is determined to be 82%, which is significantly higher than the accuracy of CCD3, i.e.	4
This study demonstrates the strategies of hijacked journals in attracting potential authors through the intermediation of broker companies.	5
An overall increase in engagement with human-related carbon cycle science issues is noted for both NACP core article samples.	4
The signals chosen for the framework were: journal' scopes; and the latest published papers.	1
DISCUSSION/SIGNIFICANCE OF IMPACT: This pilot study will establish preliminary data about the feasibility and effectiveness of addressing persistent pain in a generalizable, "real-world" integrated primary care setting.	5
How likely are faculty to view the library as a resource for help with the publishing process?	1
While the creation of group Google Scholar profiles has been described in guides online as early as 2013 [7], this is the first report that we are aware of in the published literature that demonstrates the potential and versatility of this innovation.	5
The weighted scientometric term vectors are fitted into a CNN model to achieve dual-label classification of literature based on research content and methods.	3
It was also found that when publication performance was expressed, those universities that were small/medium sized, focused, and long tenured were separate from other universities.	4
We examine researchers' motivations to publish by comparing different career stages (Ph.D.	1
In total, 549 research collaborations of Wroc?aw with 96 different countries were present (30.7%).	4
The gamma of 0.77 in Table 9a indicates a very strong relationship; the gamma of 0.60 in Table 9b, a substantial one.	4
In this article, VOSviewer was used for creating, visualizing and exploring bibliometric maps.	3
We find repeated patterns of stagnation and contraction of scientific activity for several MENA countries contributing to a widening productivity gap on an international comparative yardstick.	4
The w-tree was compared against the Webgraph Framework (WF) [Boldi and Vigna 2004a, 2004b], which was developed using Java.	3
To build the regional networks in health research projects we used information from the Lattes Platform of the Brazilian National Council for Scientific and Technological Development (CNPq).	2
A total of 2.381 articles were published, with average of 42.5 (±18.9) articles/researcher.	4
The years investigated were 2002, 1997 and 1992.	2
At each career stage, epistemic, pragmatic and personal motivations to publish are weighed differently.	4
First of all, these journals jointly constitute a reasonably rich corpus: 7976 articles, of which 5159 belong to Synthese, 2817 to Philosophy of Science; the articles contain 231,142 references, of which 118,083 are unique.	2
For a general discussion of cumulative advantage in science, please refer to Merton (1988) and Price (1976).	0
The primary aims of peer review are to detect flaws and deficiencies in the design and interpretation of studies, and ensure the clarity and quality of their presentation.	1
Our null hypothesis was that there would be no correlation between social media postings and academic citations among hand surgery research publications in this early period.	1
The purpose of this study is to explore the relationship between family socioeconomic status, Internet self-efficacy, and online academic help-seeking behaviours via structural equation modeling (SEM).	1
The team coded the data using a manifest coding technique.	3
The CPCR metric developed for this study is based on a data set of unique cited references included in the scholarly output from authors affiliated with each institution.	3
The SPARQL query language provides semantic query language for retrieving and handling data stored in RDF format.	3
Poor scholarship and badly argued or badly written papers, however easy to gain access to, are not only not accessible (i.e.	4
This paper uses the difference between the FIRs and MIRs as one indication of gender disparity in terms of collaboration.	3
To assess the extent of territory covered by a trajectory, we study the radius of gyration Rg, defined as the average distance of visited locations to their center of mass (see Eq.	3
1 shows, there is a relatively steady amount of international comparative higher education research over the years, with a very recent slight increase.	4
A secondary objective was to propose a method for discriminating gaming behavior.	1
Finally, we estimate a model that entails dummy variables for individuals αi in addition to dummy variables for each university αj.	3
Hence, this paper seeks to identify different levels of impact, and to determine changes in journal rankings that result from synchronous and diachronous impact factors.	1
The RVM CV data were collected concomitantly with the survey instrument.	2
With this article I dissect a slice of academic life ‘at home' (Lederman, 2006) by tapping into arguments that infuse the backstage of publications as publications.	1
Participants rated NSF-funded research as satisfying both NSF's and Smith's criteria, which were moderately correlated.	4
The sampling frame for the surveys included all men and women faculty at the position of assistant, associate, and full professor from the six fields in the 149 Carnegie Research Extensive universities in the United States.	2
Nevertheless, the contribution of AP researchers grew substantially because the percentage of articles written by AP researchers increased from 16% in 2002 to 30 % in 2011 (Table 2).	4
2 Does the ratio of formats cited change over time?	1
In this paper, we have studied the long-term international mobility of computer science researchers over a period of thirty years, making two major contributions.	5
[CITATION] Vernacular traditions: The use of music in the novels of Toni Morrison; C Spies - 2004 - PhD dissertation	0
Forward set: First, a self-developed tool LinkDiscoverer (Yang and Qin 2008) (the improved version is capable of outlink forecasting) is used to collect all websites outlinked from the seeds websites in the initial network.	2
The Mann-Whitney U test and Kruskal-Wallis test were performed to compare two and more than two independent groups, respectively.	3
From the 82 journals in this study, I extracted publication information for 83,797 individual papers.	2
Finally, from the perspective of scholarly networks, DCCPs supplement and enrich the understanding of co-citation and BC relationships, as aforementioned.	5
How have widely discussed government accountability requirements influenced research councils?	1
To demonstrate the scalability of the database and tool, tests were performed using synthetic datasets with pre-defined properties generated in Python and datasets retrieved from the SDB.	3
Peer Review History: PLOS recognizes the benefits of transparency in the peer review process; therefore, we enable the publication of all of the content of peer review and author responses alongside final, published articles.	0
Moreover, it is a very robust indicator and has a remarkable integrative capacity.	5
The purpose of this study is to examine how scholars in Turkey use ASNSs.	1
For all years, Twitter was the most frequent contributor to AAS followed by news outlets and Policy (Table 3).	4
Despite their differences, which, in part, reflect differences in the ways in which knowledge is socially constructed and utilised from one discipline or field to another, they have much in common.	0
To guarantee the validity and dependability of the conclusions, this research also consists of pre-estimation tests, robustness checks, and an investigation of causality and simultaneousity.	3
Empirical support and unresolved disputes are found almost exclusively in cases with continuous citations.	4
This study underscores the pivotal role of international partnerships in nurturing scientific advancement and posits avenues for future research aimed at fortifying global research networks and augmenting research capabilities in emerging economies.	5
Almost three quarter of the respondents (n = 93) stated that they worked full time as a researcher or PhD student.	4
The top 10 largest rank differences in the 299 universities (as compared to whole counting)	0
In this respect and more broadly, in addition to focusing on teams, we thus advocate the enrichment of the notion of team by considering teams as joint groupings of both agents and semantic items.	0
Concerning the effectiveness of Singapore's heavy investment in the biomedical field, we can make two inferences.	5
The country with the most participants was Colombia, with almost 33% (34/104), followed by Mexico with slightly more than 13% (14/104).	4
For example, it is a much more important research object in psychiatry than in other domains.	4
On the other hand, national ranking systems tend to emphasize faculty and student profile (25.0 %) and teaching quality (13.5 %), whereas academic publications and impact (17.6 %) have a less central role.	4
We used PubMed database to examine the frequency of articles originated from Japan and published in 7 high-impact general medicine and 6 high-impact basic science journals.	2
Such a proliferation of scientific information is unprecedented in the history of science.	5
Recognizing the top 100 most cited EM articles is one way of measuring the drivers of progress in EM, where the field has been and the direction it is headed.	5
The majority (53%) of senior authors were based in Ontario or Québec (Panel A).	4
To better understand the observed gender differences in the research performance of AFFA, we use Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regressions in STATA 17 to detect the differences in research performance after other variables are added to the models.	3
This paper presents preliminary results of a new patent visualization tool with potential to support competitive intelligence and policy decision making, following a method successfully used in science overlay mapping (Rafols et al., 2010).	5
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
6 The attention of open access journal received by social platform	0
The above analyses show that the relationship between journal rankings and the assessed scores for individual outputs using REF criteria is unstable.	4
A multiple search approach was used to reach a large amount of research regarding the use of food industry by-products.	2
To submit an e-Letter on this article, click here or click on "Submit a response" in the right-hand menu under "Responses" in the online version of this article.	0
From 2008 to 2019, there were 1369 publications written by Vietnamese authors only and 1810 internationally collaborated publications.	4
The first one considered as the dependent variable if the article was cited or not.	3
The affiliation of each individual country was sorted to their respective continents by using the world atlas accessible at www.worldatlas.com.	3
Acknowledgments We gratefully acknowledge Alexander Botte, Werner Dees, Daniel Munich, Olivier Rey and two anonymous referees for their helpful comments and suggestions.	0
When international authors and their links were removed both giant components became more fragmented and disconnected.	4
Because this study is not bound by the BOAI definition and adopts a more inclusive perspective, the term delayed OA is used to refer to this category of journals.	0
The results show that only rigor is related to studies' normalized citations.	4
2, showing the distribution of the number of individual articles with a similarity score higher than the threshold for each year.	0
The University decided to establish a dual teaching scenario (online + in-person) where some of the students attended the classes in-person (up to 47 students in a classroom that usually has 120 places) and the remaining students simultaneously followed the classes online, with the aid of a live video transmission, using the video-communication service Google Meet (https://meet.google.com/).	3
Then, the indicators data of three dimensions are evaluated by normalized processing, correlation analysis, reliability and validity analysis, PCA and factor analysis.	3
The OA status of each journal was determined using the DOAJ list, specifically focusing on gold OA journals.	2
Qinggen Zhang, post-doctoral scholar at HUST, for the provision of invaluable statistical assistant during analysis process.	0
The study revealed that a large number of academic librarians have published only one paper in OA journals, followed by those who have not published any paper in open access journals.	4
It is understood that "Food Quality and Preference" is at the forefront of the journals in the bibliographies of the studies published in the IJGFS.	4
5, we can see that science and technology related disciplines were prominent and had more intense participation within the multidisciplinary research.	4
2003, Kodrzycki and Yu 2006, Stigler et al.	2
Received January 1, 2018; revised May 17, 2018; accepted July 14, 2018	0
Period 1 01/01/1945 to 31/12/1994 (First 50% of publications)	2
This gave 815 papers for the final analysis.	2
Buitrago Ciro and Bowker (2020), in an examination of 20 Canadian and American university library websites, note that, while the term “predatory” is used on almost half of the sites, alternative terms are also used, including "deceptive," "suspicious," and "undesirable.”	2
to denote publications of the h-core, h-tail, and the uncited area, and C, C?	3
For example, if four researchers co-author a paper, they are each given 25% of the credit.	0
A co to the following rules, the data was retrieved from the Web of Science (Table 1).	2
Factor 1 represents average citation impact per article.	4
(1) To evaluate changes in the resident publications over time, including before and after duty hour restrictions, and (2) to identify factors statistically associated with publications during residency.	1
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):??-?, 2014	0
The 592 plastic surgeons in our database had a mean h-index of 8.97.	4
The discriminative capacities of journals in the library, information, and archival science in 2017 and 2013–2017 are calculated and analyzed using bibliographic data (titles, abstracts, and keywords).	2
Both indicators and analyses followed those described by Salas et al., (2017).	3
However, once published, IDR shines: in support of our second expectation, we find that IDR increases scho- larly visibility.	4
News & World Report's proposed scholarly impact ranking, based on HeinOnline data.	1
We filtered the results by Year: (1900–2023) and Document Type (Article, and Review), and specified Country/ Territory to select Cuban scientific productivity in collaboration with other countries.	2
R, Ranking; Journal abbreviations are available in Table 3; TCES, Total citation of article; C/Y, Citations per year indicator.	0
In other words, the counts are the citations earned by the publications from the publishing year until 2008 inclusive.	0
Statistical analysis was carried out using Pearson Chi-Square, with the Likelihood Ratio and Fishers Exact Test used when appropriate to cell size.	3
Across five studies in Germany and the United States, we investigated whether this concern is warranted and whether this problem can be solved by providing nonscientists with a brief explanation of preprints and the peer-review process.	1
However, rather than signalling disaster to come, the cracks chart a path to future improvements: that is how the system transforms itself, adapts to the new realities.	5
We conducted a global survey of attitudes and practices related to publishing among randomly selected authors from four academic disciplines indexed in the WoS.	2
Drawing on a comprehensive national dataset of scientific outputs, we build a topic model based on a semantic network of publications and terms derived from textual content comprising titles, abstracts, and keywords.	3
The data is based on the Research Excellence Framework (REF) of 2014, which is the latest in a series of exercises seeking to evaluate the quality of research done in UK universities across a range of disciplines—termed units of assessment (UoAs).	2
The 3.8 average value for Beall's List journals corresponds to the 11th percentile among Scopus accounting journals.	4
The results suggest that male researchers dominate the authorship of those articles and are more likely to engage in self-citation than females.	4
To answer these questions, we analyzed 1,093 studies incorporating the Hofstede framework with information visualization techniques to analyze the co-authorship networks of authors, institutions, and countries.	3
The present study aims to learn about PLOS ONE's scientific production and, specifically, the subject area categories in which it publishes and the repercussions of its production for each area.	1
A search for publications on the Web of Science database in the field of atherosclerosis related to epigenetics was conducted from the earliest mention to 31 December 2020.	1
Male-female collaboration practices in research were tested against the homophily principle: our findings indicate that similarity indeed breeds connection between individual scientists and structures academic publishing ties.	5
1 display key features of the bibliometric data for the selected principal investigators in major research universities in China, which were casted into two categories: Top universities and the others.	4
In this manuscript, bibliometric tools were used to analyze publications related to atherosclerosis in the epigenetic field retrieved from the Web of Science (WOS) databases.	1
We use the cited half-life (Diodato, 1994), a measure of the median citation age within a collection of publications assigned to a given subfield of NLP, as an indicator of a paper's topical longevity.	3
The five-year publication rate for all presentations was 31.3%, for oral presentations.	4
This research work is intended to enhance creditability of the ranking process by using the objective indicators based on publicly verifiable data sources.	1
First, after a long incubation period, this co-authorship network has explosively grown in the new millennium.	5
The picture teaches us that highly diverse journals are spread across the disciplines as variation.	0
A total of 11 disciplines remained, including Biochemistry, Cell Biology, Chemistry, Ecology, Evolution, Geophysics, Immunology, Materials Science, Molecular Biology, Neuroscience, and Physics.	2
To illustrate how we analysed data from Twitter and Facebook, we provide one example of each type of evidence of social impact defined, considering both real and potential social impact, with the type of interaction obtained and the profiles of those who have interacted.	0
The significant percentage increases across journals are between 20 and 40% with Econometrica benefiting the least by having a working paper and the JPE benefiting the most.	4
Additionally, the zp-index also takes authorship position into account by allocating empirically derived weights to each authorship position, so that first authorship publications receive more credit than later authorship positions (Study 1).	5
Let me now try to knit these various strands of evidence about interdisciplinary terminological exchange into a few broader conclusions.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution ShareAlike 4.0 License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/) which permits any use, reproduction and distribution of the work without further permission provided that if the work is adapted, altered or built upon, the new work is published under the same or similar terms, and attributed as specified on the SAGE and Open Access page (https://us.sagepub.com/en-us/nam/open-access-at-sage).	0
A common language (comlang_ethno) between two countries is positively associated with the number of collaborated research articles.	4
Observations of postpublication corrections across a wide range of studies prompted more awareness of errors in the neurosurgical literature regardless of impact factors and level of evidence.	5
Journal field classifications in Scopus are used for citation-based indicators and by authors choosing appropriate journals to submit to.	1
The numerical results showed that the WoS citation index has poor coverage of social sciences picking up less than half of the research journals, research articles and citations found by GS.	4
Experiments carried out at ALBA synchrotron are rarely designed by scientific and industrial communities jointly.	4
The authors wish to thank Professor Terry Mayes at Glasgow Caledonian University for discussions on Internet resource discovery projects in Scotland.	0
Drawing from the SCOPUS dataset, the study analyzes higher education articles published by researchers with Asian affiliations in internationally indexed literature from 1980 to 2012 (see "Appendix").	2
We present six steps to access historical Wayback website data: (a) sampling, (b) organizing and defining the boundaries of the web crawl, (c) crawling, (d) website variable operationalization, (e) integration with other data sources, and (f) analysis.	3
The five BRICS countries compete with the top-performing countries worldwide for elite status, and they cooperate with these leading countries in an elite network of communications.	5
Our results provide information about animal species as virus hosts, which are of high interest in the context of COVID-19 research.	5
Multivariate regressions were run to investigate the relationship between ASCR and six independent factors.	3
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
From the current study, we can summarize that AAS and citations are poorly correlated and that AAS may not be used as an early metric for future prediction of citations.	5
For our topical analysis, we first apply the keyword burst method (Kleinberg, 2003).	3
Table 1 shows that the most emphasised research fields are those of tropical medicine (12.5 times bigger than that expected from the scientific size of Africa), parasitology (6.5 times bigger) and infectious diseases (4.6 times bigger).	4
To commemorate this milestone, this study presents a retrospective of the journal using bibliometric analysis.	1
2008) as it is widely used in the scientometrics community but mostly applied to citation-based data models.	3
We investigate which types of novelty are most disruptive, and which types tend to be more consolidating.	1
This mixed methods study consisted of a survey, interviews, and an analysis of publication venues of the same group of scientists.	3
The present work is, therefore, to design a comprehensive weighted features model specifically for the evaluation of archival websites.	1
The dataset used was retrieved from the Thomson Reuters InCites bibliometric suite, a web-based research evaluation tool which aggregates bibliographic data from the Web of Science citation indexes, showcasing indicators of productivity and citation impact of researchers, institutions, and countries.	2
Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) were the diseases with the most publications and the highest citation rates.	4
Corporate governance is by far the leading theme in JCF in terms of total publications and total citations.	4
It conceptualizes the construction of indicators as a social process of definitions and boundaries' negotiation, involving value judgments, social and political opinions, as well as practical interests and power strategies of actors.	1
The principal distinction drawn in this study is between research “internationalists" and "locals."	1
Building on the distinction between teamwork and taskwork processes in scientific collaboration (Fiore, 2008), our study contributes to the team science literature by applying this distinction to team coaching.	5
We analyze data from articles published in PLOS ONE between 2007 and 2011.	2
*Resident, Department of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery, Johns Hopkins Hospital, Baltimore, MD.	0
Our analysis finds that the distribution of usage fits a power law.	4
The use of negative binomial regression reveals that, for JOBEE, the drivers for citations include article age, research type, article length, belonging to a special issue, article order in the issue, number of authors, involvement of European authors as lead authors, number of references, and number of keywords.	5
The aim of the article was to assess the health of the research enterprise in psychology as measured by each of 2010, 2012, 2015, and 2018 ERA data collections as well attempting to synthesise the rankings over all of the data collections and to attempt to ascertain any trends and lessons from these data which might assist institutions in the re-evaluation of their research and marketing practices.	1
Studies were retrieved from Embase, Pubmed and Cochrane databases, using relevant search strategies.	2
The authors would like to thank Heather Oviatt for providing a number of necessary references.	0
Logistic regression analysis using generalized estimating equations was conducted to examine the association between the selected article-, author-, and journal-level characteristics and high citations.	3
In contrast, BKCI only found more citations than Microsoft Academic for books in three fields from 2013-2014.	4
We use the aggregate impact factor of the citing journals as a measure of the citation potential in the journal topic, and we employ this citation potential in the normalization of the journal impact factor to make it comparable between scientific fields.	1
Bibliometrics is a research field of information and library sciences that studies the bibliographic data with quantitative methods [25].	3
For all three NCDs, Turkey's output is consistently the highest.	4
This paper is structured by following parts: Section 1 is the introduction, research objective and research questions.	0
Most e-theses repositories cover science and technology; very few are devoted to social sciences, arts and humanities.	5
2015, 2016), which is a statistical method for measuring the preferential attachment and author fitness in a temporal complex network, will be used.	3
An almost perfect correlation was found between the SJR and the number of followers on Twitter, this correlation remained statistically significant after adjusting for time since creation of the account [Spearman's correlation (rs)=0.83].	4
These interviews were carried out in the build up to the last REF (2021).	2
2 School of Environment and Society, Tokyo Institute of Technology, Tokyo 108-0023, Japan	0
While our re-analysis confirms that there is a correlation between percentile score and publication or citation productivity for applications with scores in the top 20 percentiles, the correlation is quite modest (slope = -0.132 ±0.005 publications and -9.6± 0.337 citations for each percentile score increment, r2 = 0.0078), suggesting that the overall ability of review groups to predict application success is weak at best.	4
Therefore we suggest to integrate text mining techniques with a lexicon approach (Zhang et al.	3
Specifically, chronological frequencies of retraction, issuer, reason for retraction, compliance with retraction guidelines, and appropriateness of retraction were determined.	1
Data was collected using SurveyMonkey, an online survey tool between January 20, 2019, and February 20, 2019 (SurveyMonkey, San Mateo, California).	3
An analysis of Twitter use in 116 conferences suggests that the service is used more extensively at PACS10 conferences (those devoted to the physics of elementary particles and fields) and PACS90 conferences (those devoted to geophysics, astronomy, and astrophysics) than at conferences in other fields of physics.	1
The results indicated that (1) Ra responded more positively than Re, that is, accepted invitations to review more often, more likely to suggest alternative reviewers, and less likely to neglect a review invitation; (2) there was no statistically significant difference in timeliness between Ra and Re; (3) editors rated Re reviews of higher quality than Ra reviews, but the word count length of these reviews did not differ statistically; (4) Ra made more favourable publication recommendations than Re; and (5) Ra were more often based in the country of the authors than Re, and this correlated with the location effect on reviewer response and publication recommendations.	4
You may need to log in to JSTOR to access the linked references.	0
Respondents (n=143) reported submitting an average of 17 reports as part of research monitoring to a range of organisations (eg, funders, Higher Education Institutions).	4
Comparing the results related to session I and III (spaced about 14 months apart), we noticed a 13–14 % reduction in the p?	4
In addition, the model is global, comprised of all scientific disciplines, and is highly detailed, consisting of tens of thousands of document clusters representing individual research problems.	3
How does the average citation impact of collaboratively produced articles vary with the number of collaborators?	1
Since 2006 the growth of scientific publications in China has been driven by papers published in English-language journals.	4
In 2005-2014, 60 297 articles were identified, of which 2.7% in DPHJs, 10.4% from PHJs, 38.2% from GJs and 48.7% from DJs.	4
The final core dataset for analysis consists of 6057 records with 2087 retracted articles and 3970 associated control matched articles.	2
We harvested data through an on-line questionnaire about several research projects, scrutinized the responses, and found that the core area of current research developed by AGR10 colleagues includes topics concerning the analysis and planning of landscape.	2
This will become clearer if we review Web data mining as follows.	0
The Chinese academics highlight the separation between communication and certification in the transition of academic publishing towards an open future.	5
To answer these questions we analyzed the data within the categories of all citations, monograph references, and then serials citations.	3
The aim of this study was to identify metrics that correlate with academic rank in hepatopancreaticobiliary (HPB) surgeons.	1
In order to be able to compare the results from the models based on the Mendeley counts for different user groups, the counts have been z-transformed.	3
Brazil was second in total citations, but fifth in citation averages per article.	4
In this study, the scientometric approach is adopted to investigate three main research issues within KMRP during the review timeframe: (1) Productivity – Demographic patterns in the production of KMRP research; (2) Themes and methods – Trends in topics examined and research tools applied; and (3) Citation – Analysis of referencing frequency of the journal's papers.	1
The current Chinese “indigenous innovation” policy framework fosters a degree of uncertainty and risk that hinders first-tier product innovation, although it may well contribute to China's success in second-tier process innovation.	4
In a preliminary report of their findings, they indicated that replies had been received from 89 chairmen (40%).	0
Surprisingly, when I intentionally varied contexts according to the sampling strategy, it appeared that the interviewed researchers more or less shared similar positions.	5
Although the topics in the JAMS English-language journals resembled those in the ICMJE member journals, the median value of ICMJE-related topic inclusion was approximately one-third lower in JAMS Japanese-language journals than in ICMJE member journals.	5
Nine programs did not publicly list the faculty at their institutions and were excluded.	2
We have obtained download records from the California Digital Library (CDL), which handles subscriptions for all ten campuses of the University of California system.	2
We selected journals with an editor-in-chief in Africa, a publisher based in a low or middle income country and with author guidelines in English, and systematically searched the African Journals Online database.	2
The purpose of this research was to provide a comprehensive analysis of the hidden intellectual structure of hospitality research.	1
A cohort of full-time academic plastic surgeons was identified from 9 U.S. plastic surgery training programs.	2
Are classifications obtained that have characteristics more desirable for Scientometrics than those based on ASJC journal assignments?	1
A statistically significant positive association was seen between the number of citations and downloads (R2 = 0.29, P < 0.001).	4
We use original, non-intrusive technologies to surreptitiously identify cheating in a series of unproctored assignments and send a targeted warning to half of the students who were identified as cheaters.	3
Next, we train the embeddings (vector representations for single and multi-word terms) from our keyword candidates and corpus.	3
Comparing approaches, detecting in what aspects results agree or differ, and trying to understand why, is the core of this paper.	1
The reporting of errata across journals lacks uniformity.	5
Note.—Data are given only for those individuals who had articles published.	0
The use of the authors' citation identity for the ABC analysis was based on White (2001), Cronin and Shaw (2002) and Wolfram (2016).	3
Subsequently, Genderize.io, a first name-based tool for inferring gender was employed to assign gender to each author in our dataset.	2
The average h-index was 8.5 ± 9.2 resulting from 29.5 ± 51.2 manuscripts.	4
But, the information transmission efficiency inside the network is still at a low level, and the degree of aggregation in network is still weak.	5
Findings about the structure of co-authorship networks proposed by previous research studies (Ferligoj and Kronegger 2009; Kronegger et al.	5
In a full specification, we see that conscientiousness emerges as a predictor of research success, but we also see that some intuitive suspects fall by the wayside—for example, “time spent on service" appears to do little to structure publication or citation numbers after controlling for other factors.	5
However, it has been argued that the IF value is not the sole and possibly not the best measure of journal quality.	5
To provide a visual representation of the CA and BC relationships, we utilized the VOSviewer (Van Eck and Waltman 2010).	3
PTDI has much higher correlation values as compared to other structural metrics, indicating its more significant role in the scholars' research productivity and performance.	4
Critical revision: Narahari, Mehaffey, Hawkins, Charles, Baderdinni, Chandrabhatla, Kocan, Jones, Upchurch Jr, Kron, Kern, Ailawadi	0
This is an exploratory study using bibliometric analyses of data retrieved from four databases: Social Science Citation Index Expanded (SSCIE), Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), Journal Citation Report (JCR) and Scopus.	2
Data were based on the science social citation index, from the Institute of Scientific Information Web of Science database.	2
Responses to the questions about the research initiatives (Questions 1–5) were analyzed in Microsoft Access and SPSS (v25).	3
Thereafter, for enterprise drafters, basic-technology providers play the most significant role in drafting standards, followed by service providers, while the involvement of terminal-equipment manufacturers is insufficient.	4
Nevertheless, with an average percentage of 85.6%, anonymous comments are highly frequent.	4
Also, the results in Table 2 clearly show that non-funded ‘blue-skies’ works have higher novelty than funded works.	4
The mean citation counts of the top 50 publications are 228 and 156 for periods 1 and 2, respectively.	4
Roger Cooper is assistant professor in the Department of Radio-TV-Film at Texas Christian University.	0
After viewing the detailed information about the data in Fig.	3
Following the approach suggested by Fugard and Potts of estimating sample size required to achieve code saturation for studies that use TA, we calculated that we would need a sample size of at least 38 participants to detect, with 90% power, two instances of a theme with 10% prevalence.	2
It further seeks to explore the relationship between different levels of research satisfaction, publications, funding and work experience.	1
The network map of institutions' collaboration contained 458 nodes (research institutions) and 187 lines in total.	4
A network diagram was constructed to represent the knowledge organization and to visualize the interactions between different areas.	3
The study indicates that the AGL has a good foundation in place to support the proposed DNP program.	5
A finding that we were able to corroborate in "Results" section.	0
Articles involving plant or animal research, research not directly related to health and articles reinstated after retraction were excluded.	2
Majority (MF1, percentage is 72%) of policy document mentions to scholar paper occurred in the reference list.	4
Despite the fact that Charles Dotter is recognized today as the father of interventional radiology, his landmark paper suffered from delayed recognition.	5
For example, we can compare how many manuscripts published per ten thousand dollars among different grants.	3
Received: 5 June 2020 / Received in final form: 29 August 2020 / Accepted: 22 September 2020	0
We have made no attempt at geographical diversity, representativeness of institutions in various geographical regions appears to defy a variety of types of institutions that are cleared to be by most to be predominantly undergraduate.	0
For the generation of the co-citation network, all the citations received for each of the 30 papers (up to the moment of this application, March 20, 2020) are considered.	2
Opinion is intended to facilitate communication between reader and author and reader and reader.	0
Universities are a key part of national, regional, and global systems of innovation (Carlsson & Mudambi, 2003).	0
In this case, individuals and disciplines as network nodes are 'well-connected' if they span epistemic boundaries or connect to boundary spanners, and hold fewer ties to isolated or peripheral actors.	0
Using systematic random sampling, the sample size was 359 (confidence level=95%, confidence interval= 4.45).	2
The results of our study thus, emphasized a relatively lower high LOE research in the field of IIP.	5
Last but not least, the Flexit case demonstrates that relevance itself is not a challenge for HSS research.	4
Comparison between fine-grained and broad subject area analyses as well as comparison with the predominant rankings highlight the fact that performance analyses carried out only at the aggregate university level or even at the broad subject level miss significant pockets of research excellence, possibly creating the false impression of a lower level of research performance at some universities than is the case.	5
Gephi and CiteSpace were used to create the network graphs, based on the following concepts (described below): degree centrality, closeness centrality, betweenness centrality, eigenvector centrality, sub-component, K-core, and co-word analysis.	3
Although most function words associate with slightly higher impact research overall (Table 3), this is not true for on and the, both of which may be indicators of specificity.	4
54.4% of Re, x2 = 5.7024, p = .0169).	4
As presented in Figure 1, the balkanization index decreased from 0.93 in 1980 to 0.77 in 2009 in the natural sciences and decreased from 0.90 in 1980 to 0.79 in 2009 in the social sciences.	4
The primary objective of this study is to compare the authorship from the OECD to that of non-OECD countries in NAU and IUJ over the last 4 years.	1
Table I: Distribution of the sample according to different types of publisher, access and review.	0
We would like to thank Vladimir Batagelj, Giovanni Colavizza, Vincent Traag, and three referees for valuable comments on earlier versions of this paper.	0
It found that various universities and research institutes in East Asia, mainly China, are major sponsors of supplements of key journals in recent years.	4
The authors would like to acknowledge Satu Alakangas and William Tang from the University of Melbourne library and IT support for their assistance.	0
For instance, Canadian firms usually file patents with the U.S Patent and Trademark Office22 first and this may assist in understanding the low amount of patent documents from Canada, which already has a nanocrystalline cellulose pilot plant1?.	0
The higher the journal impact factor, the longer the amount of time between publication and retraction (P = 0.01).	4
In summary, all the overall statistics suggest that there is a huge variation of the volume of citations to science, which is dominated by biotechnology and drug patents.	4
National research impact indicators derived from citation counts are used by governments to help assess their national research performance and to identify the effect of funding or policy changes.	1
The chart is ordered by the share of publications in German	0
(2016), the reviewer's belief updating is represented with a Brownian motion as a continuous-time analog to the random walk of new manuscript attributes being evaluated (Kleinert 2004; Weiss 1994).	3
In figure 7 I use the default value for the two parameters which control the size.	0
Table 1: Web-journals Publishing > 1% of Total Publications by the Nuclear Scientists	0
The h-index of the retrieved documents was 113.	4
Career age is the proxy for power in this paper.	3
That is, making a difference seemed more important for the research team than for the food industry.	0
The results are quite sobering, especially in attempting to estimate top cited authors as a collection of current theories of creative breakthrough only account for ~9% of variance when lagged performance data are not included.	5
We show that where certain pre-conditions for "double dipping” are met (i.e.	4
2018; Gingras 2019), exhibit a more pronounced bias than the disciplines of the natural sciences?	1
We aim at ranking documents in a citation network to help researchers identify papers of high scientific utility in their field, a paper's usefulness being acknowledged in the kind of incoming citations it receives from later work.	1
The near-duplicate paper has been cited a total of 16 times, according to the Web of Science, and since 2015, when the paper was first corrected, four citations have emerged.	2
The research methods are briefly explained in “Materials and methods” section, while “Results and discussion” section covers the results and discussion.	0
Using econometric analysis on survey data from European-born and European-educated researchers who are internationally mobile after their PhD within Europe or to the United States, we find significant positive effects from international mobility on scientific productivity, as well as several other positive career development effects.	1
Our results reveal that the SB phenomenon is not exceptional.	4
The networks were visualized in Gephi (Bastian, Heymann, & Jacomy, 2009), a software tool for large network analysis, using the OpenOrd layout algorithm (Martin, Brown, Klavans, & Boyack, 2011).	3
In total, 82 academic librarians were identified for this study.	2
Following that, univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were fitted to identify independent factors associated with the outcome variable (peer-reviewed publication).	3
The present article analyzes the relationship between characteristics of the journal Neotropical Ichthyology and its impact factor (IF) between 2006 and 2011 using bibliometric descriptive quantitative methods.	1
I began by developing a database of infection and immunity publications between 2004 and 2011 where at least one author was affiliated with Vancouver, BC.	2
This material is based upon work supported by the US Department of Energy, Office of Science, under contract DE-AC05-00OR22725.	0
In this exploratory study, we analyze co-authorship networks of collaborative cancer research in India.	1
Address correspondence concerning this article to Deborah Layman, MM, MT-BC, Coordinator of Music Therapy, School of Music, Cleveland State University, 4065 Buxton Road, South Euclid, OH 44121.	0
The study population consisted of all current members of APSA (as listed in the directory in July 2012) who have held an NIH grant between 1988 and 2012.	2
From these, 103 (31.3%) were published with a complete report with a median time to publication of 23.4 months (0–72 months).	4
2018) and to a recent study by the U.S.	5
Details of the manuscripts submitted and published between January 2012 and November 2013 (2 years).	2
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0264-0473.htm	0
In response, I propose that it is time to formally recognize a set of basic rights manuscript submitters should be granted during peer review.	1
Through the application of the VoS algorithm, four clusters are identified (Fig 6).	4
From around the mid-1990s, the proportion of papers having at least a few citations starts to increase dramatically.	4
The proposed framework would fund people (Gilbert 2009) instead of funding projects.	5
Any index is as good as its destined use as well as on the ultimate purpose or end-use.	5
The item response theory model (IRT) was proposed to draw the ogive curve for every province/metropolitan city/area in China.	3
Multiple OPR practices emerge from the analysis of the data that show different levels of transparency in implementation.	5
Because there is a close relationship between alternative indicators and SSH, and the Altmetric focus on the academic publishing world, the first set is based on the data from Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science (WoS) Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) and Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI).	2
We then gauge the concentration of author impact distributions by calculating the Gini coefficient (one of the most widely used indicators of inequality) for each author cohort and each discipline.	3
The following organizations contributed significantly to the study: Chinese Acad SCI (44 articles), Tsinghua University (28 articles), Nanyang Technology University (16 articles), Huazhong University Science Technology (22 articles), and University Melbourne (16 articles).	4
The results of this research indicate that the global university URL-citations network is clustered into ten groupings that may be differentiated by the language of instruction spoken at the universities, how central they are in the network, their prestige and the home countries international bandwidth connections.	5
This paper investigates to what extent publisher-provided data can increase the transparency around hybrid OA by taking Elsevier, the largest scholarly journal publisher (Larivière et al., 2015), as the starting point for an empirical analysis of hybrid OA uptake and invoicing.	1
co-authored, national and international; (iv) distribution of publications in different circles of BSI and (v) h-index and p-index.	3
The primary objective of this study was to investigate the number of publications of each graduate of a cardiology postgraduate program in Brazil and the corresponding impact factor of the journals in which the graduates' research was published.	1
The Scopus database contained a total number of 3,373 JCF authors.	2
In particular, the results suggest that bibliometrics factors are the most important predictors of the centrality of a university in a collaborative network.	5
Instead of i–P maps, it is also possible to view all scientists on a h–C map by combining the h-index (a composite indicator) and citation (C) data (also a composite indicator).	3
The share of specialists first increases sharply with team size but stabilizes at a team size of roughly 15, reaching around 30%.	4
Thus, the choice of data source for the current research study is the Scopus database.	2
To this end, disciplines with fewer than 30% self-citation rate are eliminated.	2
We further find that researcher level graph-ranking methods may cause misallocation of scientific credit, but paper level graph-ranking methods do not.	4
In this sixteen-year period, Kirk-Othmer has been cited in 11,131 articles, and Ullmann’s in 9,168 articles.	4
This article describes an evaluation of the National Science Foundation's Small Grants for Exploratory Research (SGER) programme conducted for NSF by SRI International (a non-profit research company).	1
The search resulted in a corpus containing 6557 publications.	2
Second, a variable to measure the variety of funders of publications is created (f_variety).	3
Acknowledgements I thank Richard Tol for helpful feedback on an earlier draft.	0
It should be noted that this share is not necessarily constant over time.	0
The results achieved from this search, of Spanish scientific papers cited by international patents from 1998 to 2018, have yielded a value of 41,068 cited publications.	4
Through the analysis of the top 100 most influential articles, we examined the evolution in research and current relevance, confirming the continued significance of this group of drugs despite the emergence of new treatments.	1
As above, our research result implies that academia, industry, and government have paid attention to knowledge domains in “emerging technology” and these are important for creating innovation.	5
The dataset for this study was collected between August and December 2022 from: JCR: journal lists, number of citable items, WoS subject categories, journal quartiles according to the IF in each category.	2
While the patterns are not perfectly clear-cut, it does appear papers in larger journals tend to be more concise and have a broader scope.	0
6 months after the first COVID-19 publication was released, more than 40000 articles have been published in Medline, the 1552 being indexed as case reports (COVID Group).	2
A3ES (Agency for Assessment and Accreditation of Higher Education), Pra?a de Alvalade, 6 - 5.o Frente, 1700-036 Lisboa, Portugal	0
The third finding is the application of Positive Psychology (PP) in second language acquisition (SLA), that is, the positive trend in linguistic research.	5
The weaknesses of this study are that the numbers of specialist ENT surgeons in each country has not been obtained from a single database and junior surgeons may have published in the absence of a senior author.	5
Scholarships, courses, lecturers, students and production in artistic, technical and bibliographic databases were downloaded from sucupira.capes.gov.br for the period from 2013–2016 (last full evaluation period).	2
Regarding these findings, the StG Programme (2009 applicants) differs from other highly (pre-) selective programmes in that the values of single bibliometric indicators are generally more evenly distributed between both groups of funded and non-funded applicants.	5
In addition, because 63% of GS authors have GN coauthors, the figure for PURE cases (authors without any GN connections) is only 16% (71 authors).	4
The software CRExplorer has been developed to facilitate these analyses; we used this program to investigate the origins of papers from FEMS Microbiology Letters.	3
Wherever one of those had multiple authors, we used an apportionment method to split the credit of publications and citations between cities.	3
Firstly, the bank marketing area is dominated by two powerhouses: the USA (geographical distribution) and the IJBM (academic journals).	4
All authors contributed to the article and approved the submitted version.	0
Driven by our previous findings on the adequacy of PR, as well as our belief that an institution does not necessarily “make” a researcher, we propose a Conference Classification Approach (CCA) that takes into account a number of metrics and factors, in addition to PR.	1
The most traveled edges are by far those between the US and China, in both directions.	4
In fact, it is expected that many researchers can use the BIN visualization tool designed and implemented in this paper to obtain the flow of research and various research-related information, and to perform analysis that is helpful for decision making.	5
One part provides internal reasons for my claim in the sense of reasons that have to do with the nature of peer review in mathematics or, more specifically, with the way in which referees check proofs for correctness.	1
To account for the clustering effect between the journals, a linear regression with Huber-White cluster sandwich estimator of variance was performed.	3
By analyzing the time-series of movie directors, pop musicians, and mathematicians, we find that there are two groups of individuals: those for whom the network measures peak before the highest impact work occurs, and those for whom the peak occurs after.	4
2013 ASIS&T Published online 21 October 2013 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
The advantage of this method is that the seminal papers are detected on the basis of the references, which are cited by the relevant community without any further assumptions.	5
The ultimate matrix with integrated p-values can be used for clustering	0
This study is based on the analysis of 20 international selected journals listed in PubMed with a focus on orthopaedics/trauma surgery, which were published in two time periods (2008/09 and 2018/19).	2
We used data on journal article processing charges (APC)s from an earlier study we conducted that systematically gathered the amount of the APCs for a large representative sample of the journals charging these fees in the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ).	2
To answer those six research questions, a KDV based on bibliometric analysis was performed [30].	3
First, the accumulated and average impact factors (IFs) were generated according to the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) 2014, a database established by ISI containing information about the number of times each year that a journal is cited and the name of the citing journal [8].	3
Those programs, of course, are evaluated in some fashion by all of us on a routine basis when, for instance, we make decisions about how to advise undergraduate students who are planning to go to graduate school, how to advise graduate students who are beginning to explore employment possibilities, and how to advise ourselves when we consider moving from place to place.	0
The same publisher may be ranked differently in the Danish, Finnish, Norwegian, and Lithuanian registers.	4
Country relative commitments (RC) to RESPI research were compared with their biomedical research output in the same years.	3
The average number of coauthors per original article grew slowly and was higher at the end of the investigated period than at the start (6.6 and 5.8, respectively).	4
The RCA formula refers to the division of a numerator (i.e., the number of publications of a specific major thematic area divided by the total number of publications in the country) by a denominator (i.e., the number of publications in the same specific major thematic area in the world divided by all the publications in the world).	3
6) highlighted ecology as the most important journal and subject category.	4
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
In total, 1325 highly cited papers were retrieved and assessed spanning from the years of 2011 to 2021.	2
We sought to understand the distribution of outputs over time by output type, peer review status, publisher, and open access status.	1
In all these articles, hepatocellular carcinoma was the most-discussed topic(19), followed by hepatitis B virus(8) and endoscopic(5).	4
133 (66.5%), use both subscription-based journals and OA journals for their research and lecture preparation.	4
The seven items are scaled using principal components factor analysis and are shown to be highly related and form a usable index.	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
RQ1:Are there differences in research topic and method selection between male and female scholars in the field of LIS?	1
In early 2016 a new database was launched on the Web of Science platform— Russian Science Citation Index.	4
The number of citations will continue to rise, thereby amplifying the impact of OTSR on worldwide research in orthopaedic surgery.	5
The absolute contribution (AC) of a variable to a factorial axis is its contribution to the makeup of the axis (SACs of all variables = 100% for any axis).	0
This article analyzes the relationship between collaboration and impact using a data set of 32.5 million papers and 515 million citations received during the 1900–2011 period.	1
Identification of the most cited papers in elbow surgery shows an insight into the historical development of elbow surgery and provides the foundation for further investigations.	5
In this paper, we would like to present the results of the first part – i.e.	1
In the second part, we applied statistical analysis methods on the dataset to understand how different sub-domains of the research area have grown over the years.	3
The survey reached a total of 475 nursing faculty and instructors.	2
The dependent variables are modelled by using a data sample from about 2500 proposals submitted as ERC Starting Grants in the year 2009 (StG 2009).	2
A topic search was performed to retrieve all papers on TE with the search query "TS = ('tissue engineer*' OR 'tissue-engineer*') AND WC = Otorhinolaryngology" in the period between 1900 and 2020</DATE>.	2
As a main analysis tool we introduce an artificial intelligence procedure based on self-organizing neural networks.	3
The main path analysis was specifically designed to identify few papers in a citation network that are able to describe the evolution of the field (Hummon and Doreian 1989).	3
From the above finding, we can say that the citation count that is still used as a quantifying metric to show the popularity of a reference paper is not a direct indicator of the quality of the paper.	4
Author affiliations and article information are listed at the end of this article.	0
Results show that the transparency of Altmetric.com scores is underexposed.	4
Both measurements show that Biology & Biochemistry has always been the top discipline with the highest net outflow of knowledge, which is inconsistent with the history of science that Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry would be the highest net outflow disciplines.	4
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
Our study revealed that bibliometric analysis could be a very useful tool for snapshooting a research field by producing an excellent starting point for integrative literature reviews.	5
With these questions in mind, the paper has three aims.	1
First, the most important results (as indicated by citations) of translational research grow out of combinations stretching the broadest cognitive distance to include researchers from both NAT and hospitals.	5
Overall, most Italian universities show a research performance that is not statistically different from the overall mean.	5
Analyses of six consecutive maps showed decreasing diversity in Japanese science relative to benchmarking countries.	4
In this paper, we aim to answer two main research questions:	1
Using this technique, however, a librarian can reasonably claim which journal will retain or even improve its prestige in the future and thus safely advise prospective authors on where to publish their research.	5
This suggests that the United States not only published a large quantity of articles in knee arthroplasty, but also high-quality publications in this field.	5
To this end, we study how the articles published by the Journal Citation Reports of the Web of Science for the 5-year period 2013–2017 on the Altmetric.com platform are registered.	1
The mathematical argument given here is an application of Jensen's Inequality and rests on a particular kind of convexity, namely, the convexity of scientific influence.	5
Publications were ranked according to the number of citations, using the option 'Times cited-highest to lowest' listed on the WoS and were downloaded into spreadsheet software using Microsoft Excel 2010.	3
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
The Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey (Tubitak) gives subsidies to researchers for their publications.	1
Then, a scaling factor is calculated based on the fitting results and AP data.	3
In sum, the observations of a history of 30-years show that PICMET has become a leading international organization in the discipline of MET.	5
Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
They are raw count of papers, international collaborative papers, average citation per paper and relative citation index (Schubert and Braun 1986).	3
Our bibliometric search yielded 3719 publications, of which 1098 (29.5%) were in neurology.	4
From the WoS database, we downloaded a plain text file with all the data and imported it into VOSviewer software [48] that enabled us to graph co-authorship networks independently for each country.	3
This study aimed to analyze the quantity and quality of publications related to AOSD based on the Web of Science database, to demonstrate research hotspots and collaborations between countries in scientific production by creating visualization maps and to exhibit the current global status and trends of AOSD.	1
For example, if they do a little bit, they consider that they have done a lot, while on our kind of day-to-day basis, it's not really a lot.	0
The goal of this study is to provide a better understanding of the commonalities and differences regarding trends and topics of this cross-disciplinary research area.	1
Inaccessibility to the source news article (25.9%), incorrect news link provided by the Altmetric database (6.9%) and inaccurate news mention (7.9%) are found to be the three most common error types.	4
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 40 times since 2015*	0
Given the recent relative success of applying PageRank to scientific document ranking (King et al., 2013; Li et al., 2008; Sayyadi & Getoor, 2009; Walker et al., 2007), we propose to use PageRank as a starting point for our link-based ranking framework.	3
Thus the relationship between degree centrality and research performance was found to be stronger for faculty members from private institutes and for junior faculty (β10 = ?0.250, p < 0.05; β13 = ?0.278, p < 0.05).	4
Our analysis shows that the impacts of Zoomification are many and diverse, diverse not only related to positive and negative outcomes but diverse with respect to different types of effect experienced by different types of people.	5
The bibliometric method is used to measure academic research output on the basis of a range of quantitative tools (Cobo et al., 2011).	3
Section 4 provides a citation analysis of EFM articles, and Section 5 concludes.	0
In this paper, following Dai and Jerath (2013), we consider a typical scenario in which a journal has to match the uncertain manuscript quality with its quality standard.	1
Comparing post-switch indicators with pre-switch ones in paired T-tests, evidence was obtained of an OA Citation advantage but not of an OA Publication Advantage.	3
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/2050-3806.htm	0
The law is strong, but the outlaws are much stronger.	5
This means that the first 14 papers in Table 1 are among the top 1% disruptive papers in the publication years considered in this study.	4
Thus, the present study investigated the use of adjectives and adverbs separately with a much larger set of academic writing of various genres and a subsample of only research articles.	1
3 shows this strategy, which is informed by the writings of Glaser and Strauss (1967), Mills, Bonner, and Francis (2006) and Charmaz (2014).	3
Findings indicate that making OA copies of manuscripts available in self-archiving or “green” repositories results in a positive citation effect, although the disciplinary repositories within the sample significantly outperform the other types of OA services analyzed.	4
The study corresponds to a descriptive research with purpose of characterizing the universities and countries of the selected sample, and follows the cross-sectional design since the data collection took place at a single time.	3
However, solving the underlying conceptual problem requires developing rich, mutually informed theories of community and credit that are based on fine-grained information about the structure and status systems of complex, heterogeneous scholarly networks.	5
The other part provides external reasons for my claim, reasons that have to do with mathematical practice outside of the practice of formal peer review in mathematics.	1
In a thought-provoking paper published in EJIS more than a decade ago, Lyytinen and colleagues asked the question, why does the "old world" perform poorly in high academic impact publishing?	1
The similarities between all pairs of fields are very low (0 between science and technology studies and library and information science; 0.01 between science and technology studies and scientometrics; and 0.04 between library and information science and scientometrics).	4
(d) Altmetrics: This study adopted Amazon and Goodreads, the largest online bookstore and the largest book reviews website in the world, respectively, as databases.	2
The organization is a partner of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) and also works with Portico and the LOCKSS initiative for digital archive preservation.	0
1 The NJS are calculated in the WoS database maintain by CWTS, Leiden University.	0
As a comparison, we construct an index combining the features of the previous and new CiteScores that uses the same cited EDs as the new CiteScore (including time span and types) and counts the citations in only one year (as in the previous CiteScore and traditional JIFs).	3
This underlines that researchers' social media activity alone may not be effective for improving scientific networks.	5
Therefore, this paper seeks to expand the conventional understanding of China's technological upgrading based on the flying geese model by analyzing scientific knowledge production using hierarchical cluster analysis and examination of the similarities and differences between Chinese and latecomers' scientific patterns.	1
As to those old papers, citations play an important role in determining the usage count.	4
This study applied activity theory as a meta-theory to help make methodological decisions, develop research instruments, and provide concepts and structure for data analysis.	3
The experimental results have shown that PBC performs significantly better than several linked-based, text-based, and hybrid techniques in recommending those articles that biomedical experts believed to be highly related to specific articles about gene-disease associations.	5
65,778 applications were submitted and 7,154 (10.88%) were granted.	2
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
When the topic weightings were added, an additional 21.9% of the variance could be explained, bringing the overall R2 to 69.1%.	4
To study the visibility of neurosurgery scholars in terms of social media metrics, the following altmetric indicators were used: Mendeley readers, the post count of news, tweets, blogs, LinkedIn, and Facebook.	3
I considered all 948 tenured academic economists affiliated in an Italian university in at least one year between 2011 and 2015.	2
By far the dominant effect in the model is the role of journal publication.	4
Co-occurrence analysis refers to the phenomenon that the same or different types of feature items appear together.	3
The first tweet that mentioned problems with the used T cells was posted on 9 April 2020 (i.e., 2 days after publication and about 3 months before retraction of the study) and it reads: “I would take this with a grain of salt.	4
In the Academia.edu database, the top five most productive countries were Nigeria, Tanzania, Ghana, Mauritius, and Uganda.	4
The study provides a comprehensive framework to understanding acknowledgements as part of the reward system with a special focus on its value in the humanities as a reflection of intellectual indebtedness.	3
core collection was accessed on July 3, and on July 17, 2017.	2
It reveals that Shawn R and Yasumura S ranked first among the most productive authors in the area of DRM with the highest number of publications of about 14 articles on DRM accounting for 1.09% of the total 1280 published research articles on DRM.	4
Funding Statement: The author(s) received no specific funding for this study.	0
Using Web of Science, citations within a 24-month publication period were determined.	3
Further, we analyse the dynamics of publication activity of three departments of the studied university using the segmented bar chart and scatter plot diagram with differently colored bubbles.	3
With the REF's submission deadline fast approaching, it therefore seems valuable to explore the effect of the mandate on researchers, on repositories and on open access.	1
The individuals composing the population of this study are the faculty members of Canadian business schools.	2
We analyze the effect of open access (OA) status of journal articles on citations.	1
The 501 articles having TC2012 ≥ 100 were retrieved as highly cited articles for further analysis.	2
The documents were classified into seven topics, and the MeSH system proved better at classification.	4
Diverging interpretations and applications of the impact value of public engagement among panelists reinforces a view of the looseness and liminality of impact evaluation in REF2014.	4
Document types are limited to "Article" and "Proceeding Papers."	2
International cooperation still needs to be strengthened in the future.	5
Seven of the fifteen faculty members said they would consider making a future article freely-available based on the OACE.	4
Bibliographic data for the study has been collected from SCI-EXPANDED of Web of Science (WoS; Thomson Reuters).	2
Google Books API searches were performed via Webometric Analyst to identify citation to books and remove false matches from the results.	3
Received: 14 June 2023 / Accepted: 9 November 2023 / Published online: 13 December 2023	0
This article discusses a project undertaken to assess the journals in a Big Deal package by applying a weighted value algorithm measuring quality, utility, and value of individual titles.	1
Question 2: Does this measure allow us to compare sets of different projects like the ones funded by different agencies?	1
Categories by country income level, and by the world regions were created according to the World Bank (2016).	3
Blau's index of heterogeneity (1977) was used to measure international diversity.	3
The rest of this paper is organized as follows: the second part introduces the methods and data sources used in this study; the third part describes the research results in detail, including research institutions and cooperative network analysis, hotspots and stage division, and research topic evolution characteristics; the fourth section summarizes the full text and prospects the future research trends.	0
In general, we apply the procedures of bibliometrics as described in the literature (e.g.	3
This study was conducted between September-December 2019 at Near East University.	2
This process yielded a set of 20 conservation journals for analysis (Table 1).	2
More specifically, we calculate the Gini index for heterogeneity (1), considering the number of journals in the ANVUR classification which are indexed in every ASJC.	3
HEPLCs account for 90% of publications (Table 7).	4
The main releasing journals are the Public Health Reports, the Journal of Immigrant and Minority Health and Social Science & Medicine.	4
2594 documents (1900–2017) on positive psychology indexed in Web of Science core collection were extracted.	2
Analysis of accuracy using various existing technique is shown in Fig.	0
Combined with a strategy of search by topic (TS), using the terms Evolutionary Biology OR Biological Evolution, by country and in the same period of publication, the search resulted in 1,450 articles that make up the corpus of this research.	2
By using only FoR feature, we find 94% accuracy by applying any algorithm (i.e.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—April 2008	0
Self-citation can be appropriate and may reflect an expansion on earlier research.	5
Patent data and their citations were obtained from the database DEPATISnet (www.depatisnet.de), which is maintained by the German Patent and Trade Mark Office, and from the DOCDB database of the European Patent Office (www.epo.org), which has worldwide coverage.	2
The entire set of 200 scholarly Cuban journals certified by CITMA were analyzed for the period 2000–2016 (updated on October 14, 2018; “Annex 1”).	2
The largest number of publications in Human & Experimental Toxicology was from the United States (19.6%), followed by India (12.8%) and Turkey (10.9%).	4
In this manuscript, we provide an analysis of the academic output of faculty from accredited radiation therapy physics (RTP) residency programs in the United States in 2020, using the total number of publications, h-index, m-quotient, and a history of being an NIH funded PI as metrics of research productivity.	1
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
The network analysis reveals cooperation between different countries and authors with the USA dominating.	4
This study uses Pearson correlation analysis to describe and analyze all variables including control variables, independent variables, moderating variables, and dependent variables.	3
Therefore, to fill the above gap, this study proposes a deep learning-based prediction method of emerging research topics.	1
*Corresponding author: Jon Zabala, Centre for Human and Social Sciences (CCHS), Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Madrid, Spain.	0
However, we could still conclude that ICMJE criteria were not studied by all Iranian researchers, and mere familiarity with the criteria did not guarantee its application.	5
We obtained useable responses from 45% of surveyed authors.	2
Sweden dominated in Ambio, ranking as the first in all six publication indicators with a TP of 1080 papers (33% of 3261 papers), an IP of 639 papers (29% of 2242 country independent papers), a CP of 441 papers (43% of 1019 internationally collaborative papers), an FP of 879 papers (27% of 3261 first-author papers), an RP of 872 papers (27% of 3227 corresponding-author papers), and an SP of 186 papers (22% of 838 single-author papers).	4
As the dependent variable Copubij is a count variable, a natural way to estimate Equation (5) would be via a Poisson regression as in other recent studies (e.g., Agrawal et al.	3
Section 6 concludes with the limitations of the paper and highlights future work in this area of research.	0
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY- 2015 DOI: 10.1002/asi	0
It applies a distinction between Field-type (F-type) and Space-type (S-type) quality notions1 to interrogate these interactions empirically in the context of critical and cumulative organization-level selection events made by researchers in specific research fields.	3
Specifically, we construct an indicator variable that captures which publications are among the top 20 percent on the basis of how recent is the newest idea input in each paper.	3
And second, to what extent can we find individual-level parallels between activities and performance of doctoral students and their advisors, as would be consistent with relevant role model learning?	1
Nevertheless, Twitter’s combination of brevity and immediacy has made it a popular platform: as of June 2015 there were 316 million active users per month, with 500 million tweets being published each day (about.twitter.com 2015).	0
Note: Promax rotation, pattern matrix, numbers rounded to the second decimal place.	0
Most newly created programs were characterized by largely symbolic commitments and very small budgets, while stronger commitments had to be constructed through successive steps of integration.	4
We construct new data to track publication, citation, and patenting outcomes associated with more than 130,000 research project (R01) grants funded by the U.S.	1
Indicators available at Dimensions Analytics service were used and represented via LabSOM software and ViBlioSOM methodology, based on artificial neural networks.	3
Approximately 70% of these universities have improved their rankings while 30% have obtained a downward trend.	4
To answer the research questions, we conducted statistical inferential tests such as the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient and the multiple linear regression analysis.	3
What can be learned from the longitudinal research output development in the humanities at the University of Vienna?	1
This study collects the educational backgrounds of 14310 full professors from top 48 universities in the United States.	2
The present study was conducted with the objective of analysing Current Science on various bibliometric parameters, viz.	1
The present work examines the shape patterns and skewness of productivity distribution at the level of individual scientific field.	1
We conducted a 1:2 matched case-control study with the cases being the healthcare articles included in the “Altmetric Top 100” lists (2013-2015) matched through a random computerized procedure with 2 healthcare articles published in the same journal and year.	2
None of the micro and fundamental keywords perform consistently well.	4
The subjectivity inherent to the review process dominates over the systematic differences characterizing the reviewers.	5
Our paper contributes to this literature by empirically assessing Fafchamps et al. (2010) matching hypothesis.	1
We will consider three broad classes of regime for the ownership of information, and compare the use and pricing of information under each regime to the socially efficient outcome.	1
Vertical dashed lines indicate the activity level corresponding to the top-5% of all editors for a specific journal.	0
However, there are important differences depending on the selected indicator (Table 5).	0
The four researchers all had a good performance level (Fig 1).	4
Rheumatology International, Clinical Rheumatology, Clinical and Experimental Rheumatology, Annals of Rheumatic Diseases and Pediatric Rheumatology were the top five journals according to the number of FMF articles.	4
This description of the procedure was already reported in the footnote n.	0
The Economic Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Royal Economic Society.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0022-0418.htm	0
Median publication size differences between disciplines are much larger than those between universities.	4
As expected, countries that perform better on average are again: UK, Sweden and Switzerland, followed by Belgium, Austria, Ireland and Netherlands.	4
The algorithm co-occurrence network was constructed based on co-occurring algorithm pairs in the same article.	3
These differences in variance components result in lower IRR in external applicants (0.42, CI 0.36–0.49) than in internal applicants (0.51, CI 0.45–0.57), with the difference between internal and external IRR being significantly nonzero for summative scores (0.09, CI 0.03–0.14), see Fig 5 and S2 Table.	4
Third, when P-scores are low (worse rank position) and H-indices are high, we have venues of good popularity (usually associated with large research communities outside Computer Science) that do not stand with a high reputation among computer scientists, that is, computer scientists do not publish frequently there.	5
The iThenticate online plagiarism software (www.ithenticate.com; Turnitin) was used to evaluate all published original and review articles from two previous volumes of BCPT (>100 individual papers and reviews) during July/August 2015.	2
Still in this same scenario, during the COVID-19 pandemic (2019–2020, the area highlighted in gray in the Figure 3), there was an increase in the eigenvector and degree metrics, while an opposite behavior was identified for the betweenness and closeness indicators.	4
This finding is also indicative of the schizophrenia in which non-tenured Spanish accounting scholars live, between increasing demands of refereed publications by academic institutions and a hierarchical academic community sponsoring very different values.	5
Conflict of interest The authors declare that there are no conflict of interest.	0
Our analysis is based on the key documentation of the monitoring model: the principles and practices, the survey and the quantitative indicators used in the monitoring.	2
These contributions have raised additional research questions: What are the current bibliometric features of the research on BMA in the Spanish-speaking and neighboring countries (i.e., Brazil and Portugal)?	1
A major aim of this study was to provide authors and journal editors with knowledge of the potential pitfalls for rejection at the internal editor review stage.	5
VOS (Visualisation of Similarities) viewer (Van Eck and Waltman 2010) is a computer software that collects the bibliographic material and builds graphical maps by using bibliographic coupling, co-citation and co-occurrence of keywords (Blanco-Mesa et al.	3
Next, we collected articles and pertinent metadata from the selected journals for 2012 from the WOS.	2
This paper examines the importance of RAMs as viable rankings criteria in 10 leading econometrics journals from the ISI category of Economics, and suggests a robust rankings method of alternative RAMs using the harmonic mean of the ranks.	1
In the empirical section of the paper, we analyse the research capacity of university departments and individual employees using simple yet illustrative tools of bibliometric analysis.	3
Based on the 2002 study and the characteristics of excellent research environments identified in recent literature (e.g.	3
The R INTERFACE for multidimensional analysis of texts and questionnaires (IRAMUTEQ) software was used to realize the correspondence analysis (CA) for journal scopes.	3
The second variable, Seniori,t takes the value of 1 if paper i that was published in year t discloses as last author the most senior author and 0 otherwise.	3
We begin with a sample of 150 Ph.D.-granting institutions based on the U.S.	2
The significant salary effect of international journal publications suggests that an increase in publications by one standard deviation will enhance professors’ salary by approximately 9.6 % on average (i.e., 45.7 % * 0.21 papers = 9.597 %).	4
Flat structure is associated with better team impact.	5
Our search for all utility patents granted by the USPTO during 1980-2020 containing a statement of government interest returned 127,355 records.	2
Second, the inner workings of CIShell are described on an abstract level.	0
We investigated the trend in Lassa fever research using bibliometric approach.	1
The results were analyzed using student's t-test and an alpha of 0.05 was used to determine statistical significance.	3
For the second research question, the Mendeley API was used to count the number of readers for each article by their academic status: Bachelor's degree students (i.e., undergraduates); Master's degree students; Doctoral Students (also including the Ph.D.	3
After removing duplicate records, articles were ranked by the number of citations they received.	3
Thus, there might be two different types of second-act awakened articles.	4
Lacy, and Vincent Dautel, the two reviewers of this article, and the participants of the 2011 Atlanta Conference on Science, Technology, and Innovation Policy and the 2011 European Sociological Association Conference.	0
Therefore, numpy is the most influential software library in Python community within the academic field.	4
We express our thanks to Derek Oler, Mitch Oler, and Chris Skousen for sharing data with us.	0
This analysis presents a complex picture of diverse research collaboration links, internationally (Table 1; Fig.	5
Mean precision and mean recall are calculated from the values of each Author ID and each Researcher Number, respectively.	3
In this paper, the interdisciplinary field of “evolution of cooperation”, which has been prevalent in the last decades as a promising scientific frontier, is analyzed by extracting its co-authorship network mainly from Web of Science.	1
Dimensions database has the most exhaustive journal coverage, with 82.22% more journals than Web of Science and 48.17% more journals than Scopus.	4
Further research is needed to determine how best to use alternative metrics to gauge interest in topics in rehabilitation medicine, measure the impact of rehabilitation research, evaluate possible confounding factors that affected this study and, more importantly, support the translation of science into clinical practice.	5
First, we show that no major scientific methods or instruments used across fields (such as statistical methods, X-ray methods or chromatography) have been completely abandoned, i.e.	4
A Pearson's correlation analysis was chosen to examine if there was any relationship, positive or negative, between selected journal metrics, whether or not there were any disciplinary differences between the various metrics, and the potential significance or strength of those relationships.	3
The groups with ample excellence funding acquire a relatively autonomous position within their organization.	4
In this study, bibliographical data collected from Web of Science, PubMed, and Scopus databases from 2001 to 2018 had been investigated with the use of three prominent methods, including performance analysis, science mapping, and, particularly, an automatic text analysis approach named structural topic modeling.	1
1 Distribution of PSs by geographic areas in 1996, 2006, and 2016	0
Double dipping where the extra money is being spent with no increase in scope or effort is not likely to produce this level of diversity.	5
The core areas of NPE discovered by IBPCA and IPCCA are roughly the same.	4
Our method extracts five types of entities which are papers from reference list in the paper, keywords from author provided keyword list, the published journal, authors who write the paper, and institutions where each author belong to.	3
The 2010 network had regional clusters in Latin America, the former Soviet Republics, Scandinavia, the Middle East, and Chinese East Asia.	5
The two-part model then consists of: (1) A binary regression model with the set of explanatory variables.	3
Like previous studies, our data and findings indicate that the impact of Societies Without Borders and other social sciences journal publications cannot be fully represented by traditional impact factor measurements.	5
Improving the impact of a scientific work can help improve the university rankings.	5
The results show that there is a strong effect of the RAS on the careers of the researchers.	4
Furthermore, eleven research topics regarding predatory publishing, academic publishing, or the research community were identified and interpreted.	4
The selection of participants began with the determination of journals to include.	2
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted reuse, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
This article intends to offer an objective and quantitative description through social network analysis.	1
Gartner with the title "Image formation process," a topic very popular in travel and tourism fields, and the paper currently has more than 700 citations.	4
This procedure does not, however, take into account possible changes in the authors’ workplace, nor does it avoid the problem where the same bibliographic name refers to the scientific production of two or more authors, although the fact that a single field and a short chronologic period were being analyzed helped to minimize this kind of error.	0
Non-native English-speakers write in different styles from others, in ways that reduce the impact of their research.	4
Thank you to Elizabeth Westlake for discussions, advice and calculations relating to REF sub-panel issues.	0
Different from most existing approaches of measuring field interdisciplinary based on aggregated citation patterns or topics, the extracted knowledge entities we use support a more fine-grained and in-depth understanding on scholar-level research diversity.	5
The coverage of LibGen, in terms of research articles (Table 4), was assessed by dividing the number of cached articles (LibGen) by the number of articles published in each of the digital libraries (i.e., the number of assigned DOIs given by CrossRef).	3
The contribution of Balochistan and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa was less than the other provinces.	4
These journals collectively published 65,591 articles on average each year between 2016 and 2018 (inclusive).	2
To indicate who has published in the journal, Table 3 uses simple counts to identify the most frequent authors/coauthors.	3
AssignmentWatch further discriminates by comparing results against a list of websites known for contributing to academic integrity violations produced by the Australian Academic Integrity Network (AAIN).	3
In economics, however, textbook eminence is completely detached from peer recognition, as measured by the h-index.	4
We conclude that funders and researchers should prioritize direct inter-country African collaborations to improve the resilience of African research networks.	5
As main take-home messages, we have that: (1) the CS community has greatly expanded over the period of observation, with countries such as China and India growing at staggering rates; (2) female representation has generally increased, albeit with exceptions and some negative records; (3) some research subareas are more popular than others with young authors (most notably artificial intelligence), while others, such as theoretical computer science, seem to struggle to attract new researchers.	5
Relevant text phrases were coded under the labels: indicator, counting method, arguments for counting method, object of study, and database.	3
(2) Is there an association between PSWE and future success in obtaining external funding?	1
Outcomes included pain assessment according to changes on a 10-point numeric rating scale (NRS), patterns of analgesia administration, and analgesia-related adverse events (AEs).	3
In view of this, the purpose of this article is to understand better the extent to which approaches to higher education research are integrated in higher education research in Asia, a region of the world experiencing a dramatic growth in enrollment in tertiary education, dynamic reforms and adaptations, and a growing internationally driven higher education research community (Postiglione 2013).	1
Considering the fact that the top ranking Central Universities are one of the highest funded Universities among more than 700 Universities in India, the difference in performance levels and underlying causes need to be pursued seriously.	5
To optimize the utilization of knowledge in organizations, it is crucial to identify factors that influence knowledge popularity.	1
Are multidisciplinary journals truly multidisciplinary, and, how has the multidisciplinary character of these journals evolved over the long term?	1
The results from our structural equation modelling are provided in Table 4 below.	3
Valorisation was perceived as an extra task, in addition to research, education and administrative work.	4
Next, we developed a new matrix classifying them into three groups: "mature technology," "intermediate technology," and "emerging technology."	3
Table 4 Comparisons of Hong Kong and Singapore Universities on THE overall and indictors	0
Available Scopus profiles for all dermatologists were used to measure lifetime H index, scholarly output, citation counts and field-weighted citation impact (FWCI) in the last 5 years (2017–2022).	3
The data used in this article were collected from JPR's editorial database.	2
All claims expressed in this article are solely those of the authors and do not necessarily represent those of their affiliated organizations, or those of the publisher, the editors and the reviewers.	0
Selection of DTerms are based on the descriptive strength defined in Eq.	3
Our findings indicate that over the past two decades, Japanese representation in top general medicine journals has remained flat.	5
Our study found surgeon-scientists are increasing in number and NIH funding and are becoming more diverse in their research efforts, while maintaining a focus on basic science.	5
Specifically, this study focuses on the following aspects: 1) A novel perspective of citation analysis is presented in this work by fusing the tripartite citations and considering all authors' contributions.	1
Next, we examined the networks of authors, countries, and topics, going from the simplest case of undirected and unweighted networks to the general case of weighted and directed networks and assigning a weight to the individual nodes.	3
The results for the co-institutional analysis indicate that Chinese institutes dominated central positions in terms of IoT papers.	5
Statistical environment R version 3.4.3 [18] and its libraries lme4 [19–20] and lmerTest [21] are used for analyses as specified in subsections below.	3
Two coders were trained before they began to separately code the papers.	0
After considering classifications of retractions in previous studies,3 17 retractions were broadly classified according to the apparent underlying reason for the retraction into the following broad categories: ?	3
Better research evaluations mean the institution receives more funding, so the key question is to what extent research evaluations are able to predict future performance as measured by bibliometric indicators.	1
Overall, there were 36 countries that formed the network structure of international collaborations in Vietnam’s scientific output between 2001 and 2015.	0
In North America, TA uptake and OA article publishing is trailing behind that of countries in Region 1.	4
RCTs are the most influential studies in diabetes research according to our analysis, which confirms the effectiveness of anti-diabetes drugs in patients with diabetes.	5
Here, we describe the results of a quasi-experimental study in which we submitted a previously published article to more than 600 journals from three journal groups: presumed predatory journals, open access journals, and subscription-based journals.	1
TP: number of publications; AU: number of authors; APP: number of authors per publication; TC2016: the total number of citations from Web of Science Core Collection since publication to the end of 2016; CPP2016: number of citations (TC2016) per publication (TP).	0
Our results highlight the role of a region's absorptive capacity for commencing and conducting research in a new technological field.	5
He is currently an Associate Professor at the Central University of Technology in South Africa, where he mentors fellow colleagues in the scholarship of teaching and learning.	0
We know little about how scientists perceive different procedures of distributing funding combined with peer review and random elements.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1467-8047.htm	0
In this conceptualization, research impact occurs at the intersection of various fields.	4
This article proposes a simple axiom-based way to build a practical scholar-ranking metric that incorporates, as simply as possible, the impact/visibility of the journal in which an article appears.	5
conducted a broad study of promotion and tenure policy documents at both the unit and institutional level from academic institutions across the United States and Canada.	4
The purpose of this study is to illustrate the difference among these statistics mathematically in terms of sensitivity and specificity to better facilitate the applications.	1
Downloaded from idv.sagepub.com at TEXAS SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY on November 24, 2014	0
The total citation count for the 100 most-cited articles ranged from 7,326 to 2,138 (mean 3087.0) and the normalized citation count ranged from 0.163 to 0.007 (mean 0.054).	4
In this article, the Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) – an information-systems theory – was adopted as the theory and model to demonstrate the acceptance and use of technology.	3
The time-independent variables are attractive options for breakthrough predictors since all may be measured at the time of publication.	5
We recruited 108 participants who have recently published in a computer science-related field and are currently pursuing or have completed their PhD, and randomly assigned them to the control or experimental group.	2
The stability of the cores obtained for each scientific discipline is explained by scientific fields using linear regression analysis.	3
Russia has a Eurocentric orientation in its international nanotechnology scientific collaboration patterns: Russian authors published 2.3 times more nanotechnology papers with the leading European countries—Germany, France and the UK—than they did with the USA in 1990–2012.	4
TP = total publications, TC = total citations, NCP = number of cited publications, C/P = cites per publication, C/CP = cites per cited publication, and ≥ 20, ≥ 10, ≥ 5 and ≥ 1 = number of articles receiving at least 20, 10, 5 and 1 citation(s), respectively.	0
As presented in Table 3, the 431 articles are written by 1031 authors, where males constitute 64.70% (n = 667) while females accounts for only 35.30% (n = 364) of all authors.	2
The arrangement of keywords in the Spanish network reveals a central community (red) around the concept of social networks, around which one finds terms associated with specific platforms (Twitter, Facebook), dimensions related to the active role of the audience (interactivity, participation, Web 2.0), and concepts referring to different facets of mass communication, such as public relations or, more frequently, political communication (Fig.	4
In this paper we apply the topic embedding model, top2vec, mapping two decades of research in criminology and criminal justice (2001–2020).	3
Publisher's Note: All claims expressed in this article are solely those of the authors and do not necessarily represent those of their affiliated organizations, or those of the publisher, the editors and the reviewers.	0
This issue completes the 30th volume of the Journal of Peace Research.	0
These authors are not indexed with the searched affiliation at the time of this study	0
We tried to probe into the main causes for the discrepancies through this case study, further identified the potential consequences and provided some possible solutions.	1
Perhaps the most important result of the study is that the univariate and multivariate analyses lead to opposite conclusions: the correlation between output and impact, albeit highly variable across fields, is generally positive, but the multivariate econometric analysis returns a contrasting picture.	5
The prepared data set contains the papers published from 2007 to 2011.	0
This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Abstract grading (3 to 9 reviewers, blinded on a 5-point scale) separated those accepted and rejected followed by a bibliometric analysis of Medline publications from 2006 to 2012.	3
The SCIE, SSCI, SCI, and A & HCI databases of the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) are considered.	2
In the end, the contest over the rankings reflects broader efforts to challenge the hegemony of a dominant model of universities in the twenty-first century.	5
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 61(12):2581–2583, 2010	0
These caveats and recommendations apply as well to the present study.	0
Based on 1,675,999 book reviews indexed in the Social Science Citation Index and Arts and Humanities Citation Index over the 1975-2016 period, our results show that book reviews are decreasing in importance in all disciplines—especially those where books have historically been peripheral.	2
The bolded numbers on the bars show the total number of publications.	0
This article analyzes the sources cited in articles published in two linguistics journals, Applied Linguistics and Journal of Linguistics, from 2001 to 2010.	1
The chosen result has a depth of 9, a width of 178, and a total of 347 CKNs.	4
In this paper, the correlation of the citation count and Mendeley readership score of the articles by the Sri Lankan authors was studied.	1
Despite the differences in distribution of degree across both platforms in the academic networking project (Figure 4), degree on academic SNS was significantly correlated with degree on Twitter (Spearmans' coefficient of rank correlation rs = .45, p < .05), although the scatterplot suggests that other factors may also be at play and the correlation is not clear cut.	4
Knowledge categories generated are checked for cohesion and coupling through hierarchical clustering analysis and multidimensional scaling analysis in order to verify the accuracy and rationality of the narrow-sense knowledge structure of CLIS.	3
The cross in the middle of the box represents the median (50% of the values above and below).	0
We use three vignettes from our own research to illustrate how productive analysis can be achieved across a range of types of socio-technical collaboration, and conclude with thoughts on future directions for coupling STS and critical security studies together.	2
We conducted a survey of 1850 Russian sociologists with the range of questions regarding the main divisions of sociology and perceived legitimacy of metrics for evaluating academic work.	2
This study provides the first bibliometric analysis of scientific production in asbestos research.	1
The study reported here was conducted in six universities in the UK between March and June 2011.	2
By way of example, Figure 1, shows the relationship between these two variables for the year 2001.	0
The graphical representation of effectiveness shows that the communication topology during examination is quite relevant.	0
This study is our preliminary approach to international academic award, which aims to weigh the relative reputations of awards and explore the close or distant relationships between awards.	5
The study focused on the main Spanish publications on communication; to ensure an exhaustive and representative analysis, the period chosen for review was the last five years for which complete data is held (2007 to 2011).	2
By inspection of the original contributions one can see that the keyword 'culture' is devoted to general considerations of cultural aspects, while the latter keywords deal with research and cultural management.	0
As a parameter, the journal impact factor contributor was applied to compare the most frequently cited publications.	3
While there are signs of progress, STI policy has greater rhetorical than operational outcome, raising concerns for African states' capability to attain the SDGs and shape their participation in the Fourth Industrial Revolution.	5
The Kano model was used for displaying the IRAs.	3
The most heavily used supply side instrument was fiscal support and subsidies in Russia, accounting for over 54% of total instruments.	4
The second measure of journal performance used in the current study was the SCImago Journal Rank (SJR) indicator.	3
(2) What are the important topics in e-health?	1
We consider both quantity (the number of publications made in collaboration) and quality indicators from different databases (using indexes such as IF5Y (5-year impact factor of the journal, Web of Science), SJR (SCImago Journal Rank—key integral indicator of the quality of journals, Scopus), IPP (Impact per Publication, Scopus), AIS (Article Influence Scores, Web of Science), H-index (Google Scholar Hirsch-index metric) to evaluate the Italian case of scientific research.	3
To focus on the nature of collaboration, single-authored papers were added to this list.	0
The result is a way to reduce journal metric scores from any metric or field to a more “apples-to-apples” comparison so PRTMCs, for example, are well informed about the relative performance of those being considered under their purview.	5
ML is the most appropriate format for Seek&Blastn with a 79% success rate (Fact-check_OK) when processing text in HTML or XML formats.	4
Average months from publication to retraction across all studies was 37.5 months.	4
“Excellent” disciplines occur even in universities in the tail of national rankings for overall productivity, while single universities with overall excellent productivity repeatedly include disciplines that are below their institution's overall performance.	5
This study provides a systematic analysis of significant journal Impact Factor changes, based on the relative contribution of either one or both variables of the IF equation (i.e.	1
Information is overpriced and underused under both monopoly and zero-profit ownership, and underpriced and overused under open access.	4
Population and GDP (current US $) data were based on the demographic and socio-economic (full dataset) of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) or the World Bank (for Singapore).	2
Sixty-one potential predatory dermatology publishers published 4,164 articles in 57 journals from 2000 to 2020, with most publishers claiming to be located in the United States.	4
Those in academics had higher h-indices than those in both non-academic and combined practice settings (P < .001 and .007, respectively).	4
We confirm the past importance of lead articles by examining citation rates from published papers as well as the wider source of papers that are listed in Google Scholar.	1
Scatterplot cites in Scopus against cites in Google Scholar Search per article in the journal Scientometrics.	0
If this were true, then the coexistence of diverse theories should be a transitory, not permanent, aspect of science.	0
Most of the text borrowing in question consists of self-plagiarism and methods section text, in agreement of earlier research findings.	4
The analysis does not reveal clear differences between 'competitive' and 'non-competitive' excellence policies.	4
This paper focuses on the obstacles that inhibit research productivity in India.	1
Social network analysis (SNA) was applied as the main research method to examine the characteristics of co-authorship networks.	3
It is accompanied by a detailed checklist, which could be used by journal teams to assess their current peer review standards.	4
Cronbach's alpha was determined to find the internal consistency of the items.	3
In order to obtain a quantitative analysis of papers published by authors from SEE countries, we used the h index instead of the total number of citations.	3
1 According to the Guinness World Records Book, University of Karueein, founded in AD 859 in Fez, Morocco, is the oldest still operating educational institution in the world.	0
We aim to outline the principles for peer review and to describe what better peer review looks like.	1
In our study, we opted to use the Scopus indicator known as the h-index (Hirsch, 2005).	2
This implies that the proposed originality measure increases over time when we include citing papers that is timewise more distant from the focal paper.	4
At the core of the approach is the notion of productive interactions.	3
social sciences) can be scrutinized in a granular, actionable, and explainable fashion.	5
There are a total of 1,447 UK authors publishing in the 44 journals and 706 (about 49 percent) of them only appear once during 1991-2010.	4
High throughput image processing algorithms written in MATLAB 2015a were used to semi-automatically process chest, abdomen, and pelvis CT scans.	3
We are grateful to Kathryn Byrne for her contribution to the glossary in the appendix.	0
Zero plain entropy implies that an author worked in a single field throughout her career whereas a high value indicates that she has worked in various fields in different time spans of her career.	0
Dataset 1 consisted of all available Scopus-indexed book titles (168,866) in 2018, which was, then, narrowed down to 119,794 unique titles with ISBN or E-ISBN and then to 110,603 titles with a Library of Congress Subject Class (LCC) in OCLC (Tables 3 and 4).	2
It is evident from the analysis of these graphs that the ICIS and the ECIS vary with respect to other conferences.	4
The analysis of document types revealed that all FAs identified in Scopus were classified as articles.	4
Our results suggest that, for marketing, the ANN algorithm is generally more effective compared with C4.5, SMO and LGR classifiers and that the LGR dominates other classifiers for MIS.	4
The core data (Source) consists of publications with at least one author affiliated with Finland and indexed, and the second data set (Cited) consists of all publications that have been cited in the Source data and indexed by the ISI.	2
More generally, the seemingly unquestioning acceptance of JIF as indicator of scientific quality discounts evidence to the contrary.	5
The author declared no conflicts of interest with respect to the authorship or the publication of this article.	0
In open access TKA literature, free-to-publish open repositories had the greatest mean citations and readership.	5
For a complete bibliography of studies using citations, see any one of the annual guides published by the Institute for Scientific Information to accompany the SCI.	0
The main three indicators in this study are the citation-based Tori statistic (Pepe & Kurtz, 2012), which removes self-citations and normalizes citation counts by both the number of authors on a cited article and the number of references in the citing article; the downloads-based Read10 statistic (Kurtz et al., 2005b: K05b) which counts current downloads of articles published within 10 years of the download date, normalized by number of authors; and the combined results of elections and prize committee deliberations of the American Astronomical Society and the National Academy of Science.	3
The tendency of the annual number of publications was analyzed by mean of linear regression equations.	3
This paper also analyzes the general bibliometric characteristics of the cited and citing documents and the subject classifications (retrieved from JCR) of the citing journals.	0
The most common approaches are co-citation analysis (CC) and bibliographic coupling (BC).	3
Ultimately, by understanding the historical development of our field, we can improve the future of our field (Laub 2006; Rafter 2010).	5
For our gold standard set of breakthroughs, we selected research articles from the following sources that highlight advances in cancer research: 1.	2
The representative method is one of these instances.	5
Then, we excluded all publications having document types other than 'Article' and 'Review', as well as publications written in any languages other than English.	2
A lack of uptake of reporting guidelines threatens the quality of research being published.	5
It is extremely relevant, when trying to characterize productivity, to establish a clear distinction between objective and policy dimensions.	5
The complete list is accessible at http://attiministeriali.miur.it/UserFiles/115.htm, last accessed January 28, 2013.	0
Additionally, despite an increased incidence of mental illness and HIV/AIDs in China, there is evidence that less priority has been given to these conditions.	4
Despite many limitations, the IF seems set to continue as the most important measure of a scientific journal's status for the foreseeable future.	5
Terms such as quality control, units of measurement, calibration, measurement/s, standard/s, reference standards, certified reference materials, and reference material appear as the top-recurring keywords: this shows the integrated research in the food and agriculture area, which is based on the control quality procedure and metrology principle (Table 1).	4
The study retrieved the global publication data and of top 15 most productive countries on camel research from the Scopus database (http://www.scopus.com/) for 10 years from 2003 to 2012.	2
This article investigates the relationship between changes in the share of the world's scientific output and changes in relative citation impact for 2.6 million articles from 26 fields in the 25 countries with the most Scopus-indexed journal articles from 1996 to 2015.	1
At present the physics papers from the area represent about 3.7% of the world publications in physics.	4
All data and materials support our published claims and comply with field standards.	0
The purpose of this exercise is to examine, through the prism of Finland, whether the evident social and political integration at European level is accompanied by true epistemic integra- tion at the level of knowledge creation.	1
(1) How to identify SBPF by measuring the knowledge diffusion trajectory of patent families from the perspective of patent families?	1
To conclude, collaboration positively affects performance but with different patterns with respect to the source used to derive co-authorship networks and its measures.	5
This positioning of RCR education programs within research’s support system is somewhat simplified as these programs and research ethics broadly are also areas for further knowledge production.	0
We employ negative binomial regression as the estimation method because it is based on more general assumptions than the Poisson regression.	3
The Mann-Whitney U tests show that there are statistically significant differences in most of the indicators considered, with the exception of cited half life, eigenfactor score, article influence scores and % of articles in citable items.	4
We conclude that books should be evaluated by types and contents while using different measures per each.	5
The STrengthening the Reporting of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (STROBE) Statement provides guidance on reporting observational studies.	1
Results suggest that metrics related to raw outputs and citations tended to increase with academic level (though not between levels A and B) and career stage.	5
The final sample contains the records of 3075 physicians (1929 program attendees and 1146 non-attendee controls).	2
By 2004, the technology for electronic publishing of scholarly literature was established and the subsequent development of new technologies only facilitated further publishing opportunities and initiatives [38].	5
Can a student’s career path be predicted from his choice of thesis advisor?	1
We decided based on the dominant methodology used, classifying faculty members doing primarily experimental and consumer culture theory work as “behavioral” and classifying faculty members using primarily non-experimental quantitative methods in the “quantitative” category.	3
NOTE: The first five items are rated on a 3-point scale: 1 = Not at all likely to 3 = Very likely.	0
Publication in Open Access Journals in the Last Three Years: Researchers Polled in Cuban Health Research Institutes, 2007	0
The results of these multiple angles of analysis are combined to form a far richer picture of diversity than has been possible in the past.	0
The Clust & See32 application (Laboratoire TAGC/ INSERM U1090, Marseille, France) was used to identify subnetworks (subnets) within the models.	3
Then, the Charnes-Cooper-Rhodes (CCR) model is formulated in the following form for the selected entity k:	3
Care has been exercised to examine the data collected to assure their identity.	0
Editors of journals without an impact factor, like Societies Without Borders, face challenges in marketing a journal to potential contributors who rely on impact factor and similar metrics to gauge publication quality.	5
Exploiting a unique database of metadata for papers presented at six European Population Conferences, this report explores factors explaining research collaboration among demographers.	1
These findings have been repeated in all five disciplines except Art, and are consistent in various types of teams from Computer Science including teams from industry or academia, teams with different gender groups, teams with geographical contrast, and teams with distinct size.	4
This test results in a Cohen's kappa value of 0.7095, which is considered to be sustained based on the suggestions of Landis and Koch [35].	3
Our main finding is that articles by authors from individualist cultures are about twice as likely to contain many self-citations.	4
The results of the study emphasize the need for investigators to adhere to good research practices to mitigate the influence and propagation of flawed and unethical research.	5
Publication data will be contrasted with individual publication strategies generated by an online survey.	3
Our result shows a very high score of clustering coefficient (0.899); this highlights the fact that a co-author of a co-author has often also published together (thus are co-authors).	4
timeliness of review, editor evaluation of review quality, length of review, and reviewer recommendation) were compared using t-test.	3
There are three primary findings: (1) among the article count indicators, the Straight count indicator is significantly different than others; (2) the rankings based on the indicators which are weighted by quality are consistent with those based on the indicators using article count; and (3) the Paper citation weighted indicator is sensitive to the procedure used for institutional ranking.	4
First, general statistical analysis based on the number of publications and citations was implemented to find the annual publishing trends, citation structures, most cited publications, and productive authors/institutions/countries/territories.	3
Investigating the association between Al and human reviewers' assessments, we observed a positive small-to-medium correlation in the quality scores assigned by both AI and human reviewers (r=0.23,95%CI[0.11, 0.35], t(243) = 3.68,p < 0.001).	4
This study conducted a bibliometric analysis of Sport Sciences' scientific production published in Chile until 2014 in order to present its productivity and collaboration patterns.	1
A framework including 13 indicators to quantify the distance factors between countries from 5 perspectives (i.e., geographic distance, economic distance, cultural distance, academic distance, and industrial distance) is proposed.	3
Overall, the results of this 57-year bibliometric analysis showed an exponential growth in the number of documents and a growing interest from the scientific community in the research on this topic with an annual growth rate of approximately 7%.	5
We wish to thank Maria Arménia Carrondo for critically reading this manuscript and Isabel Machado for help with the data.	0
The new bibliometrics take advantage of all the information that is generated in the Web, in the broadest sense of the term.	4
By dint of bibliometric analysis, this paper may be able to quantify research patterns on OGD, to analyze what has been done in this field and to identify the main research hotspots.	5
Moreover, we find that high-impact authors tend to have fewer co-authors per article, regardless of the stage of their careers, indicating that collaboration is important, but the size of collaborations also matters.	4
Journal editors, publishers of bibliographic databases, and authors can all play roles to ensure that researchers receive the deserved acknowledgment for their work.	5
One of the objectives of the present survey was to assess impact on publishing.	1
This study examines the factors influencing scientific productivity in blockchain, privacy, and cybersecurity research across countries.	1
By exploring the allocation of these funds, I specifically investigate whether the amount of funding acquired in years prior to the programme is associated with funding success.	1
According to table 2, the ratio of downloads to citations in arts and humanities is significantly higher than for other disciplines.	4
Compared to citation indicators, Mendeley has the highest correlation score with citations (moderate correlation of r = 0.49) among all the altmetrics sources.	4
We selected the papers with an indegree ≥ 28 because they are a small and workable quantity of papers that account for nearly half of the communication process through the citations network as it is reported in the results section (The selected papers received 42,8911 out of 679,497 citations from the HIV/AIDS literature).	2
What the results show is that scientists who move to top tend to decrease intramural collaborations in favor of a relatively significant increase in international ones, which lead to publications with higher average impact.	5
Empirical findings reveals that the National Natural Science Foundation of China leads the distribution of funding agency with its 1.99% of publications (25 articles) among 1259 documents retrieved.	4
The primary outcome measures were the mean and median for the total number of citations to the Cochrane reviews and the numbers in the first, second, third year, and fifth year after publication.	3
In short, from the bibliometric point of view, both databases such as Scopus or Web of Science, which provide quality indicators at the publication level, and databases such as JCR or SJR, which quantify the quality of the journals, lack specific indicators that measure the impact of both the publications and their sources in their R&D transfer aspect.	5
An inverse U-shaped relationship exists between the research grant and research quality, whereas a U-shaped relationship exists between research quality and total number of papers.	4
Q4: [Life Cycle] Is it possible to describe the “trajectory of life” of a research field in terms of disciplinary and interdisciplinary activities inside that field?	1
The ERGM (Exponential Random Graph Model) is a statistical model for network structure, permitting inferences about how network ties are patterned.	3
Our method generated more coherent and diverse clusters of papers, demonstrating superior semantic similarity and diversity recognition compared to the baseline.	4
We constructed article-grant linkage validation data for the Astro dataset by the following procedure.	2
On the other hand, not all rankings that have a measure representation have a representation of the form given by (5), the lexicographic ranking described in Section 2.1 and the one represented by the h index being two examples.	5
For a more rigorous analysis of research contribution trends by region, we adopt the regression procedure used by Chan, Fung, and Leung (2006).	3
Based on bibliometric analysis, this paper identified certain characteristics of literature related to river water quality assessment and simulation and consequently to assist researchers to establish future research directions.	1
2014) for the 145 academics in our sample.	1
The LM’s answer to the proliferation of indicator misuse follows a motif of enclosure.	4
To get an idea about the success rate of the "won't publish" resolution, we checked signatories' publication history after they signed the petition.	2
Consequently, it is recommended that research institutions eliminate incentives for publishing in questionable outlets through publication criteria as part of promotion standards.	5
Average citations (TC/TA) defined as the average numbers of citations per article, were also computed individually for citation analysis.	3
To estimate the empirical impact of Sci-Hub on the citations of papers, we used two data sets that we merged into a unified third data set.	2
The purpose of this study is to analyze career outcomes from recipients of OREF resident research grants.	1
Declaration of Interests: The authors certify that they have no commercial or associative interest that represents a conflict of interest in connection with the manuscript.	0
In conclusion, our study provides a comprehensive analysis of the most cited articles in pediatrics and gives an overview of trends of scientific literature of pediatrics over the last 65 years.	5
1 School of Information Management, Sun Yat-sen University, Guangzhou 510006, China	0
Organisations traditionally strong in Physics and Astronomy are somewhat inferior to the leaders, mainly due to active participation in mega-collaborations.	4
In this case, the same methods showed the influence of only two factors the profile of the university and the number of research and teaching staff.	4
The aim of this research is to identify the scientific production related to the impact of climate change on cultural and natural heritage indexed in the international databases Scopus and Web of Science (WoS), which will enable to establish maturity of the research on this subject.	1
By employing the integer counting method, the average number of WoS-indexed articles produced by the top 25 percent of geochemists and geologists in a 5-year period reaches the highest value in the Section.	4
By consultation, a total of 45 physics journals, 47 chemistry journals and 104 biology journals were identified.	2
The papers were gathered through the affiliation profile pages on Scopus1, and RIST provided bibliographic data for the patents.	2
Before the multivariate analysis, the data were standardized to avoid misclassifications arising from different orders of magnitude of the variables.	3
If the series itself is stationary, we represent it by I (0).	0
In conclusion, our results of the bibliometric analysis provided the updated trends and hot topics in RNMI.	5
An interesting question is whether the Nobel Prize is a signal that the main work in the corresponding research theme is done or that it generates credibility and followers to further push the theme.	5
Does the presence of collaboration in publications have a corresponding and positive increase in the number of citations that the publications earn?	1
In this case, the journals that we have chosen are Nanotechnology, Journal of Applied Physics, Applied Physics B, Solid State Electronics, Physica C, European Journal of Applied Physics, European Physics Journal, International Journal of Modern Physics, and Journal of Nonlinear Optics Physics and Materials.	2
Analysis of two correlation tests (by covariance test), which was performed on self-citation rates and Impact Factor showed that there was no difference between journal self-citation and Impact Factor in WoS and ISC (P=0.0526).	4
All dynamic profiles of computer science subfields show increasing contributions to science; however, with different ratios.	4
We explored the Prowess database for industry spending on health research and development and gathered data from key funding agencies.	2
A total of 4292 documents were found, to which 12362 authors contributed.	2
To reduce the affection brought by time, we focused on the annual number of publications.	3
Secondly, we want to investigate the central question how two, at first sight quite different, research domains—mathematics and the arts-deal with the science policy of increased production and integrity and ethics issues.	1
com), which uses All Science Journal Classification (ASJC) to categorize and rank journals.	2
At the nation-state level, international connections among a nation's universities are composed of a single cluster with the United States, United Kingdom and Germany at the center.	4
Slightly more than 3,700 journals were matched, with an aggregated number of 32 million citances.	2
1 On London buses, the penalty for fare evasion is only ￡5, but for smoking it can be ￡1,000.	0
A score function (p, r?) measures the number of coincidences between a profile p' and a researcher r?.	3
Principal component analysis reduced these 11 original metrics to 4 main PCs explaining 68% of the total data variance.	5
Use of OSI_2.0 suggests that for members of a general public sample in the US, at least, variance in ‘belief in’ evolution does not validly convey information about science comprehension.	5
The disciplinary classification of journals used in this paper is that of the U.S.	2
Analysis of top-cited articles in psychiatry can have broad and significant implications such as 1) identifying where the field has been and where it is headed, 2) illustrating the development of the literature over time, 3) identifying the most influential areas, 4) helping researchers understand what makes a significant scientific contribution to the field, 5) identifying authors who have especially contributed to the field and, 6) identifying journals and institutions that frequently occur.	5
The internationally collaborated research papers and mixed-collaborated papers from the SAARC countries also get an advantage in terms of citations and social media visibility, which is not seen to be significant in case of intra-collaborated research papers.	5
We find that online presentations on institutional websites are mostly rudimentary.	4
This study provides an overview of the world's scientific productions in sports medicine in the Scopus citation database.	5
The methods section follows, and the empirical data are presented and discussed in the findings section.	0
We discuss this variation in the context of global trends in men's and women's scientific participation and cultural- and country-level influences on the organization and production of science.	5
Younger journals engaged in more JIF inflation than more-established journals.	4
Y compris pour cette requête maximaliste, le temps de réponse a été inférieur à deux secondes, ce qui marque un point important dans l'étude de faisabilité.	4
The proportion of publications by Vietnamese authors increased dramatically and surpassed the proportion of internationally collaborated publications in 2019, at 55.83%.	4
The PFL is designed to be an integral part of the publishing platform.	3
Manuscript received 1 August 2005; final version received 26 April 2006.	0
I found no field-wide differences in turnaround time since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, though some individual journals took significantly longer or significantly shorter to publish during the pandemic.	4
We find that a member's most highly cited paper in a given year has more citations in more productive years than in in less productive years.	4
This research provided a qualitative and quantitative analysis of the most active journals, authors, countries and institutions on QMRA in water quality analyses between 2016 and 2021.	5
The result shows that the average h-index of collaborators declines as their careers progress, regardless of which group an author is in.	4
The resulting citation network is composed of N=878,007 patents and E=1,676,458 directed citations.	2
(2) “all domains - target of citations - are equal” (cited-side normalization).	3
We explore classifying scientific disciplines including their temporal features by focusing on their collaboration structures over time.	1
However, we found little support for the hypothesis that firms that belonged to research-intensive industries or were connected to strong research institutes had a positive effect on participation and grant size.	5
Figure 4(b) shows that 59 points are above (to the left of) the isoline and only one is below, which means that the FR?s of articles in the sparking group are generally higher than those of articles in the comparison group.	4
There are strong positive correlations among the measured indicators in the three dimensions, and each indicator has a significant consistency between whole and internal.	4
This analysis has been performed for the years 2002 and 2012, with the aim of analyzing the evolution that has occurred in WR research.	1
Familiarity of a journal with an author (and vice versa) appeared to matter.	5
We continue to use the notation as introduced in the previous section.	0
These methods are divided in three broad criteria—each of which reveals different dynamics of the overall research trend; thus, providing a complete picture of overall knowledge structure.	3
Respondents are asked to choose the pair that shows approximately equivalent profiles for both scholars out of eight pairs of different profiles.	3
Despite the influence of feminist perspectives on the base, the most cited articles by Gundry and Welsh (2001), Vecchio (2002) and Buttner (2001) and are coupled bibliographically, still reproduce the same pattern of contemporary research into gender and entrepreneurship with a descriptive approach, but include no theoretical framework (Henry et al., 2015).	5
Nations in quadrant D are the only ones that manifested a strong inverse correlation.	4
The sample data for the present study was derived from the Indian Citation Index (ICI), the only abstract and citation database of Indian literature.	2
We have decided to use optimistic fuzzy aggregation norms [22] since we assume that each new paper and each citation add value to scientific fields.	3
The open access Scholarly Database (http://sdb.cns.iu.edu) provides easy access to 26 million paper, patent, grant, and clinical trial records.	2
These articles received 571,371 (Nature), 451,013 (Science) and 706,945 (PNAS) citations over the period 2007–2016.	2
In contrast, all results for the Finance cohort are insignificant.	4
Specifically, we applied a supervised classification algorithm trained on the labeled data and categorized researchers based on the defined labels/roles.	3
In this case, Zero Inflate models (zero inflated Poisson: ZIP or zero-inflated negative binomial: ZINB) should be applied	3
The comparison group of Scopus journals therefore includes those three journals as well as the eight other Scopus accounting journals that most closely matched each of the Beall's List journals in terms of citations per article.	2
Automatically classifies every resource identified in the dynamically extended web space into a specific cluster or a so-called web community.	1
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
However, relatively few impede findability of the original source or traceability of authors.	5
As the Italian version of the report3 is more complete, in this article we will refer to the data contained in this version.	0
Editor: Johan Bollen, Indiana University - Bloomington, United States of America	0
What are the network structures of collaboration among institutions, countries, and regions for ICT knowledge production in South Asia?	1
The academic impact of qualitative studies in healthcare may have been underestimated thus far.	5
The RISC Core, which is the sum of the two upper bars, contains only 23% of papers, but attracts 93% of citations.	4
This indicates a robust level of agreement among the annotators, signifying strong consistency in these human assessments and a valuable baseline for our methodology.	4
To address this concern, we propose establishing a new system to track the outcomes of rejected manuscripts, allowing us to better understand their “fates”.	1
Our data consist of exam copies for 644 undergrad students in a French business school.	2
In the present study, no direct interactions with animal or human participants were involved.	0
The degree of attention of an institution's thesis topic and the number of countries cooperating with the institution have a significant positive impact on the citations per paper.	4
A bibliometric analysis was conducted with systematic search methods used to locate HIV/AIDS research publications (period of 1 January 2002 to 31 December 2011; search databases: MEDLINE (Ovid, PubMed), EMBASE, ISI-Thomson Web of Science; no language restrictions).	2
In 2018, international branch campuses contributed to 26% of the research output of Qatar and to 11% of the research output of UAE (Pohl and Lane 2018).	4
For this we have created classes in order to characterize the set of editorial materials.	3
Response Options: Exactly the same 20 proposals, a difference of 1 proposal, [...], 20 completely different proposals.	0
Using Monte Carlo experiments, we demonstrate that a variety of inequality measures-including the Gini coefficient, the Herfindahl-Hirschman index, and the percentage of articles ever cited-are substantially biased downward by increases in the total number of articles and citations.	1
From 2006 on, the small values of p indicate that the citation numbers of journals is above the citations of conferences with a statistically significant difference.	4
The method of Curve Fitting is used to describe citation curves, using the computer program OriginPro 8.	3
Note: A denotes an internationally collaborative publication, B indicates a single country publication, C is an inter-institutionally collaborative publication, and D reflects a single institute publication.	0
Ranking of Psychological Journals on 1977 Citation Impact and Acceptance Rate	0
Environment and Planning B: Planning and Design 2007, volume 34, pages 808-825	0
The ado h_index and the hindex package simulate agents who collaborate on publishing papers.	3
The implication of this particular finding is threefold.	5
Therefore, in this article, the extent to which the intra-sectoral mobility of academics throughout their academic careers affects the current informal collaboration dynamics and scientific productivity is analyzed.	1
A binary matrix was created using a collection of scientific documents relevant to IoT.	3
Books' impact varies by subfield, with books published in methodology receiving many more citations on average than books published in other subfields, followed by books in international relations.	4
Only in the Far East, women experienced a worse decrease in depositions with respect to men.	4
In response, this article introduces a technique to calculate Mendeley-based national research impact indicators as well as a second method that corrects for national biases in Mendeley uptake.	1
In the heuristic systematic model (Chaiken, 1980), heuristics serve as decision rules to facilitate efficient processing.	3
Although both bootstrapping and formulae have been proposed for these, their accuracy is unknown.	1
Depending on whether we take the peer-review choices as the underlying ground truth, or conversely, citation-based choices as the ground truth, what is inevitable is that there are large type-I and type-II errors.	5
This broad spectrum of materials is part of the databases’ unique coverage pattern.	0
Second, institutions remain central, corroborating the suggestion that Slovenian R&D policy reinforces parochial research practices.	4
In both examples, field normalization is performed using the mean normalized citation score (MNCS) indicator (Waltman, Van Eck, Van Leeuwen, Visser, & Van Raan, 2011; see also Lundberg, 2007).	3
Using Network Analysis techniques, we analysed data of over 100,000 research projects carried out in Brazil during the period of 2000-2015.	2
The first of them is based on the themes of publications, reflected in databases using various linguistic tools: subject categories, sections and keywords.	3
A neutral way of presenting the lists of values in tables is arranging them by the candidates' identifier, but this can be misleading and hide relevant information from the evaluator.	3
The concentration of disruption values around zero in our set of Scientometrics papers as well as the percentiles of the comparison set indicate that a notable variance in the disruption index can only be found for a small proportion of papers.	5
We found that evaluating sparse rankings is a difficult task and that there is no straight-forward answer to which evaluation measure should be used.	5
The 39 first authors from Sub-Saharan African institutions together co-authored 729 network-articles.	2
The results indicate that Italy is the most productive country in Buildings, well above the results of the USA, which appears at the second position.	5
A screenshot of search results for the term “prevention” on CUSP.	0
In December 2009, researchers extracted the articles listed, removed duplicates and searched for the resulting articles in three indexed datasets (1) Web of Science (WOS), Science and Social Science Citation Index, 2005–2009, (2) ERIC, and (3) PubMed.	2
We show that (2) has the S-shaped graph as in Waltman et al.	4
Therefore, the dominance ranking method is more objective than methods that rely on the subjective opinion surveys of IS faculty, or those that are based on publication patterns of top universities which have the potential to perpetuate “exclusive club" behaviors.	5
This study followed the regression method to investigate the relation between different keyword measures and citation counts.	3
To fully leverage this perspective, we adapted the five attributes of emerging technologies defined by Rotolo et al.	3
This study examines the structural patterns of international co-institutions and co-authors in science citation index papers in the research domain of the Internet of Things (IoT).	1
Table 1 shows the number of degree programmes offered by each university, subdivided into the five main areas of education, as also the percentage of the total courses available.	0
Social impact of papers can be defined as the net effect of citations on a network.	1
This is a PDF file of an article that has undergone enhancements after acceptance, such as the addition of a cover page and metadata, and formatting for readability, but it is not yet the definitive version of record.	0
But the number of sole-authored articles published at the time of hire is positively associated with subsequent publication.	4
Four hundred and three local researchers, including research faculty (e.g., professors), postdoctoral researchers, and Ph.D.	2
Studies on oncology and pain in the field of nursing have a relatively higher frequency.	4
The detailed information of a given journal appears once the bubble is clicked.	4
The results showed 36.6% as the average percentage error rate (range 5.6% to 61.3%).	4
The most utilized author identifier was ORCID while ResearchGate, LinkedIn, and Google Scholar were the top profiling systems.	4
notation (619); (2) titles which used the BCE/B.C.E.	2
Are there differences in terms of library holdings based on the format of books (print vs.	1
Regarding authorship according to sex, 493 authors were male (60%) and 328 were female (40%) (Δ: 20%; p = 0.001).	4
Pages—Web page counts of journal Web sites, collected from July 16 to 17, 2003.	0
Hence, one of the reasons for a much lower score on collaborative knowledge building might be attributed to the fact that scholars in Turkey could feel a need for close personal relationships for scientific collaboration rather than collaborating through ASNSs across the globe.	5
Of the 2197 articles in the field of Endodontology identified with altmetrics, 192 had altmetric scores>5 (top 5%).	4
PR3 has essentially offered the same reward for articles with markedly different impact.	5
There was a strong positive correlation between the vendor-supplied SFTARs and link-resolver click-throughs, with the vendor SFTARs showing higher usage overall.	5
It is plausible to assume that most authors aim to publish as good as they can and co-authorships are formed to support this aim.	0
According to IEEE Xplore digital library, 25,593 records were published by IEEE Access during 2013 and 2019 (from volume 1 to volume 7).	4
The dataset of reviews was collected from OpenReview platform (Tran et al., 2020) which makes review reports available for research purposes.	2
In fact, this diversity becomes even more apparent as we move further down the ranking.	0
performed analyses, discussed the results and contributed to the text of the manuscript.	0
Working with social scientists and holding an earth science PhD changed earth scientists' perceptions of social science on multiple scales.	4
Our findings are suggestive of an overall OA citation advantage, since it is primarily through open access that multiple copies of an article can be made available to begin with.	5
12 Bulletin of the American Society for Information Science and Technology-August/September 2002	0
When the researchers are ready to submit to a journal, they upload their filled-out spreadsheet to the tenzing app.	3
We find that the combinatorial inventive process exhibits an invariant rate of 'exploitation' (refinements of existing combinations of technologies) and 'exploration' (the development of new technological combinations).	4
Finally, the hierarchical clustering algorithm [25] is used to cluster the different authors.	3
The academic impact of the scholarly output of MSU on Africa covering the period from 2006 to 2015 is 2.52, which is above the global average of 1.0, which ranged from 1.60 in 2014 and 5.61 in 2012.	4
First, publication data covering a well-defined section of the publication output of German research institutions are taken from the Web of Science (WoS) bibliometric database provided by the Competence Center for Bibliometrics in its version of May 2018.	2
The active institutions included Tehran University of Medical Sciences (n = 38; 3.53%) and Harvard Medical School (n=31; 2.88%).	4
The 50 most-cited orthopaedic articles originating in mainland China were identified.	2
(2013) to collect citations in Google Scholar for each of the 1,153 articles; this was carried out during the last week of November 2015.	2
The median number of citations per article was 10 (interquartile range [IQR], 14) in WoS, 15 (IQR, 20) in GS, and 11 (IQR, 15) in Scopus.	4
Objectively, the study is intended to investigate the recent trends in cryptographic research for enabling better research governance and monitoring academic administration of this scientific specialty; thereby could be utilized as a tool for capacity building, resource allocations, and collection development as well.	1
I also consider how the gender citation gap may perpetuate the unequal pay between genders in science.	1
This would suggest that impact factor is relevant for German-speaking information professionals only if the publication language of the journal is German.	0
Funding This research was funded by NSF ADVANCE-IT Award #1824090, "Collaboration and Equity: The Resources, Relationships, and Recognition (R3) Model for Advancing Women and Underrepresented Faculty in Science and Engineering."	0
Then, we gauge the degree of interdisciplinarity using bibliometric indicators that measure the diversity of disciplinary categories in the references (Porter and Rafols, 2009), where diversity is computed taking into account the number, balance, and disparity among the disciplinary categories (Stirling, 2007).	3
Furthermore, sustainability and predictability significantly and positively impact GenZ's perception of comfort during the journey.	4
The views expressed are those of the authors and do not reflect the views of the John Templeton Foundation.	0
2014) in combination with a tool termed CRExplorer (<www.crexplorer.net>) (Thor et al.	3
A set of heterogeneous ensemble machine-learning methods is proposed, where the combination of two base classifiers trained with heterogeneous feature types is used to automatically identify the algorithm usage relationship.	3
10 important research directions were identified, which are in the imbalanced development.	4
To grasp the economic foundations of CPBF is the purpose of this paper.	1
For conference papers, readership counts correlate moderately (0.437–0.439) with citation counts in Computer Science Applications and Software.	4
Analyzing all documents, we show that the highest percentage of documents are published by three authors, whereas single-authored documents account for the lowest percentage.	4
The first position was the most frequent for public teaching hospitals (38%) and the military hospital (44%), whereas the "Other" position was the most frequent in cancer centres (26%), in public non-teaching hospitals (28%), in not-for-profit private hospitals (27%), and in for-profit private hospitals (29%).	4
The study suggests that reducing CEI, increasing the proportion of clean energy supply, and promoting the utilization of scrap steel resources are crucial for achieving regional decarbonization of IUSS.	5
We obtained the statistics of scientific papers (citations and collaborations) from SCOPUS's April 2019 data; patent information was retrieved from PATSTAT's Spring 2019 data.	2
Over the past 20 years, there was a 16-fold increase in the number of research publications from the UAE, and a 6- and 3-fold increase when normalized to population size and gross domestic product, respectively.	4
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
The Web of Science (WoS) now offered by Clarivate Analytics contains 611 entries as of November 6, 2018.	2
Pelfry from the University of Alabama, Birmingham for providing us with the sampling list.	0
Since 1990 there has been remarkable growth and diversification of worldwide capacity and output in science, and a distinctive global science system has emerged, primarily grounded in research universities, fostered by Internet-mediated communication and publication in English, cross-border authorship and researcher mobility.	4
This paper constructs a framework for mapping the evaluation results between quantitative metrics and experts' judgements such that they may be solved.	1
The quantitative survey was supplemented by qualitative interviews with a few purposefully selected individuals across the four institutions.	2
Our survey of 5323 studies revealed that authors frequently exhaust abstract word limits—particularly those capped under 250 words.	4
While there were varying levels of awareness of DORA and related statements and principles amongst our United States-based interview respondents, our overall impression was one of a lack of strong familiarity with the language of responsible metrics put forward by prominent campaign groups and good practice statements.	4
We also analyzed 196,306 researchers on Stanford's Top 2% list (Ioannidis 2023), where researcher rankings are purely based on citation metrics (Figure 1).	2
All document types published between 2008 and 2021 with at least one author affiliated with an institution in MENA and indexed in one of the citation indexes of WoS are considered in this study.	2
We collected data on journals included in the Scopus Source List on November 1, 2018.	2
The final step in processing the data was to stratify the conferences and journals into the ERA/CORE grades.	3
Figure 5 shows a strong overlap (around 70%) between the fields of Medicine and Other Life and Health Sciences.	4
From this set of 101 applicants, 57 were selected for funding.	2
The citation numbers corresponding to median and 98th percentile, respectively, were calculated by linear interpolation between the closest ranks.	3
Between-country collaboration was recorded in 36% of studies.	4
Journal articles were processed by Evidence Ltd in collaboration with the then Thomson Scientific (now Clarivate Analytics) to clean metadata and assign specific IDs for items indexed in the Web of ScienceTM.	3
The results suggest that limited access to publications may limit some scientific research from achieving its full impact.	5
The estimation results show that the probability of participating in H2020 projects increases with the number of employees.	4
On calculating the impact factor of each topic-based category as if it were an independent journal, we found that 28.7% of them would be placed in the first quartile of their corresponding field.	3
The following subsections present the findings as well as our discussion.	0
A search of scientific publications at only one database, a multidisciplinary base of reference and with high level of international integration, in this study, the Web of Science, that is integrated to the ISI Web of Knowledge.	2
The majority of authors originated from Brazil (19.3%), Italy (14.1%) and India (12.7%).	4
Nowadays libraries and information providers offer electronic full-text access to most journal articles.	0
Of all these publications, 563 (77.2%) were articles, 56 (7.7%) were reviews, and 110 (15.0%) were others.	4
Luisa Ruge-Jones (Ph.D., University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign) is an assistant professor in the Department of Communication at the University of Dayton, USA.	0
For this purpose, we use a 7-point scale for qualitative description of research priorities, suggested by Nagpaul and Sharma7.	3
In the report and in the paper, we chose to test for concordance between peer-review and bibliometric evaluation with Cohen's K using the sub-sample of the bibliometric articles that were assigned a final biblio- metric evaluation, for a total of 7,598 articles.	3
The analysis builds on data extracted from all UK cancer-related publications in 2011, thus providing a 10-year citation window.	2
The latest rankings confirm once again that India's research base is dominated by engineering and natural sciences.	5
The research environments encompassed university departments, research centres, virtual centres and public-sector research units from multiple faculties and all involved higher education institutions in Denmark.	2
In this regard, two methods were primarily used: performance analysis and science mapping [18].	3
Thus, 27% of GS authors earned their BA from GN universities, and this figure increases to 49% for the MA level and 59% for the PhD level.	4
The PubMed database was searched starting from 1970.	2
The results show that the methodology is coherent, reproducible and useful to sort the most relevant articles in accordance with what is internationally recognized as valid scientific criteria: the impact factor, year of publication, and number of citations.	4
The manuscript is organized as follows: First, we present our research questions followed by the description of study design and methodology.	0
This study aims to fill this gap in the literature by examining the role of collaboration—both type and size-on retraction and elapsed time between publication and retraction.	1
Figure 7 analyses co-citations between journals to find out which journals disseminate the concept and whether they have a common thematic organisation or specialisations (Blanco-Mesa et al., 2017).	3
Their publication data of ten years (2001-2010) was retrieved from WoS.	2
1 Number of articles per years published from Malaysia in all disciplines indexed in WOSTM	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, **(**):-, 2015	0
Tel.: +1 970 491 7950; voice message: +1 970 297 0353; fax: +1 970 491 1889.	0
A dynamic approach to analysing the Pm-Cm diagram also resulted in five groups (i.e.	3
Therefore, any global publication paradigm change must originate from within the author community.	0
What is obvious from this study is that stable financial support and the availability of good ICT infrastructure does not guarantee the adoption of an innovation such as electronic publishing, which has become important to increase a journal's visibility and accessibility.	5
This measure is denoted a journal's Technology Factor (TF).	1
2 Department of Business and Economics, University of Southern Denmark, 6400 S?nderborg, Denmark	0
Let us bear in mind that the maps obtained were the results of wholly automated processes not requiring any human intervention.	0
Following Leydesdorff (2007) and using our inter-journal citation indices, we first mapped the total JASSS network for the period considered (see Figures 5 and 6).	3
1, together with the considered constructs and hypotheses, was analyzed using SmartPLS 3.3.9 (Ringle et al., 2015).	3
Such a section has both high transitivity as well as a large coupling strength.	0
Between 1996 and 2016, the total number of PSs in Japan increased by 6%.	4
We now combine insights from status and practice theorizing to analyze our empirical material, which consists of 34 semi-structured interviews with early-career scientists who worked at Swedish universities and applied for StG funding within the Life Sciences (LS), Physical Sciences and Engineering (PE), or Social Sciences and Humanities (SH) disciplinary domains during the inaugural ERC budgetary period (i.e.	2
Using the software Bibexcel, we retrieved all relevant bibliometric information from these 377 articles for further analyses, such as the journal name, article title, authors, volume, issue, year, keywords, abstracts and references.	3
We present a data-based overview of the issues in urban health, as reference for further researchers.	1
JEL codes: O3, N3, N4, O31, O5, N30, N40, J44, 123.	0
They find that only 10 out of 48 null results were published, whereas 56 out of 91 studies with strongly significant results made it into a journal.	4
What distinguishes a scientific celebrity from a star scientist above all else is the positive spillovers they create and channel from the public domain to the scientific field.	5
Furthermore, the high methodological quality subnetwork was highly compartmentalized, with several modules representing few poorly interconnected communities.	4
Study 2 compared ratings on the NSF and Smith criteria in a new sample of participants.	3
Finally, there is no reason why Science should not assign a DOI for each university-sponsored supplement article, as other publishers do and as Science does for other articles, in order to minimize dead OpenURL links.	5
This study addresses the research gap in examining the relationship between big data policies and urban sustainable development.	1
Our analysis is based on two sets of data from the electronic-only journals JHEP and JSTAT (http://jhep.sissa.it; http://jstat.sissa.it), with 7908 and 2558 review requests leading to a referee report, respectively, each from roughly a three-year period.	2
For the analysis of data set I, we selected four parameters from all parameters used in the multidimensional journal evaluation process in Poland: the percentage of (1) authors from foreign countries, (2) reviewers from foreign countries (IntRev), (3) articles published in the so-called congress languages, i.e.	3
A total of 1584 of the 2567 journals identified in DOAJ using a screen scrape as having charges as of 15 May 2014 were sampled using the following method.	2
These lessons learned from a series of workshops were put to the test at an experimental center that clarified the importance of both synchronous and asynchronous interactions in a common space large enough to allow these and located outside the university.	5
The New York Times (NYT) receives more citations from academic journals than the American Sociological Review, Research Policy, or the Harvard Law Review.	4
It provides an example of how pass through the divide between simplicity and complexity.	5
Most cited articles were published in high impact journals outside the scope of diagnostic imaging.	5
Group comparisons for continuous variables were made using t-test of means for two groups and ANOVA for multiple groups.	3
This paper uses 600 thousand NIH articles and a matched comparison sample to examine how the PAP impacted researcher access to the biomedical literature and publishing patterns in biomedicine.	1
As revealed by the experimental results, the novel system has prominent advantages over the regular one.	4
Notably, the diversity score is higher in each dimension for Case 2 when compared to Case 1.	4
Significant concern was noted across all regions about the duration and suffering associated with long COVID, along with consistent discussions on persistent symptoms and calls for more research and better treatments.	4
The purpose of this study was to determine the relationship between article type and resulting citations, social media attention, and readership in total knee arthroplasty (TKA) literature.	1
Such early coauthorship predicts a higher probability of repeatedly coauthoring work with top-cited scientists, and, ultimately, a higher probability of becoming one.	4
In addition, we examine common student-advisor and colleague-colleague co-authorships scenarios.	1
The following questions are addressed in this research: (1) What are the shares of women authors in the MENA region, by country and field?	1
The largest proportion of notices was issued by the authors (47 articles, 35%).	4
f denotes the frequency of each author in our data set.	0
Since the resulting space is still very high-dimensional, we used a nonlinear dimensionality reduction algorithm – UMAP (McInnes et al., 2018) - in order to have a representation amenable to be managed by a density-based clustering algorithm - i.e., HDBSCAN (Campello et al., 2013; McInnes et al., 2017) - but still retaining the local relationships between nearest neighbours.	3
In this paper we used the snapshot of the relational database version of DBLP from February, 13th 2016, which is around 220 MB big.	2
Of all the 256 articles with author addresses, 185 (72.26%) were Mexico independent articles and 71 (27.73%) were internationally collaborative articles.	4
The results showed that only 27.50% of the preprints explicitly stated that they were preprints.	4
It is recommended that China reconfigures its R&D effort to focus on the quality of its findings, and not on the quantity of papers.	5
We contend that some widely used, but questionable research practices, should be challenged so as to promote stronger commitment to research integrity and to deter misconduct.	5
Specifically, we delve into two key higher-order characteristics: the 0th Betti number (βo), representing the number of disconnected components, and the 1st Betti number (β?), indicating the presence of higher-order loops.	3
This paper introduces a bibliometric, citation network-based method for assessing the social validation of novel research, and applies this method to the development of high-throughput toxicology research at the US Environmental Protection Agency.	1
This study provides a systematic analysis of conference structures organized by two companies, namely, OMICS (Conference Series LLC LTD, part of the OMICS International group) and WASET (World Academy of Science, Engineering, and Technology), along with an analysis of the presenters at these conferences in terms of their home countries and affiliated institutions.	1
In this paper, we present a protocol for bibliometric analysis of cancer research conducted in SA.	1
Due to limited space, we present the top 8 mentioned accounts in Table 4.	0
Countries that invest relatively less in R&D tend to have less investment by businesses and publish fewer documents.	4
The Scopus database was the source of the bibliographic data used in this study.	2
Following multivariable logistic regression model, two of the aforementioned variables (number of manuscripts (OR = 1.14; p = 0.01) and not pursuing additional non-HN fellowship (OR = 2.84; p = 0.01)) were associated with initial academic career (Figure 3).	4
During the period 1989–2018, a total of 649,355 scientific papers on soil science were made available on the WoS platform, written by scientists from different countries of the world.	2
The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s11192-014-1385-5) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
The objectives of the present methodological study were (1) to report the characteristics of the 300 most cited articles in periodontology and (2) to explore the association of these characteristics with the number of citations.	1
In both cases, Carbo and Belkin occupy the respective pole positions.	0
It is inferred that the paper diffusion of the major public health emergencies exhibits the characteristics of a short incubation period, rapid outbreak speed, long recession and stabilisation.	4
The present study is an effort to answer the following questions: 1.	1
All the authors declare that they have no financial interest in the findings of this study.	0
The replacement of peer review by government guidelines signals that, in Russia, the academic profession has been losing control of regulation and production.	5
We conducted a longitudinal study of productivity in research groups to ask the following question: How is research productivity related to group heterogeneity and group size?	1
This is particularly useful as they seldom are given space elsewhere.	0
There is a very high concentration of scholars in Mexico City (CDMX): 52.2% that produce 59.4% (55.3%) of the published documents (citations).	4
It is also significant that the most impactful authors did not appear in the list of authors that produced the largest volumes of papers.	5
In our analysis we consider four potential different scaling factors for the purposes of comparing researchers working in different scientific fields:	3
Conflict of interest: Georg Heinze is statistical editor of Transplant International since 2015.	0
The present article addresses this by proposing what could be called 'crowd-authoring' an approach in which a global group of academics work together to co-author a manuscript.	1
(2019) for a recent review of the literature on international collaboration.	0
Among the OA journals, the higher JIF journals attracted a higher number of publications, for instance, Nature Communications (11.329), Scientific Reports (5.228) and PLOS ONE (3.057) because these are perceived to be equally good or as excellent as the traditional non-OA journals.	4
To utilize the benefits of both databases, we located all the PubMed articles that were also included in WoS.	2
Institutional analysis results indicate that the University of Milan is at the top in terms of degree centrality.	4
China (P<0.01), Korea (P<0.01) and India (P<0.02) demonstrated a significant growth in research output over the study period.	4
Impact factors of the four journals were generated from journal citation reports.	2
5, libraries were at the heart of research in 1979, accounting for over 40%.	4
We use action research as a meta-methodology to explain how the research emerged in cycles of planning, acting, observing and reflecting and taking new action to plan again for the next cycle.	3
We modify the well-known open-system Leontief Input-Output Analysis in economics into a closed-system analysis focusing on eigenvalues and eigenvectors and the effects of removing one subfield.	3
Discussion of results indicates that the developed equations eliminate the bias of the large universities over the small ones and highlight some useful recommendations for the universities to enhance their ranking in scientific performance.	5
Citation analysis is a bibliometric method that examines the frequency and patterns of citations in articles, under the banner of the Web of Science (https://www.webofknowledge.com), providing the most relevant bibliometric information from published scientific articles by Clarivate Analytics.	2
To test for gender differences in editorial outcomes (a binomial outcome), we used logistic regression (SAS Proc Logistic) to model PositiveOutcome[yes/no] = Journal + Year + AuthorGender[female/male] + 2-way interactions, with all independent variables as fixed effects (Journal is included as a fixed effect to allow testing for interactions, e.g., variation in gender effects among journals).	3
In this work we apply a bibliometric methodology for ranking by research productivity: (i) the fields of research for each territory (region and province); and (ii) the territories for each scientific field.	1
Dance was the least represented discipline with only half of the sample hosting materials in their IR related to dance.	4
For this purpose, we applied a bibliometric measure based on Jaccard similarity determining the level of interdisciplinary cooperation between different fields of research on the topic above.	3
The present study aims to establish a valid method by which to apply the co-citation methodology to Wikipedia article references and, subsequently, to map these relationships between scientific papers.	1
The significance of the test for the second and third components suggests that its observed effect is not due to chance.	4
Our results show that the financial ramifications of gold OAP are biased toward Western academics, as institutions and researchers from developing countries disproportionately bear the costs of APCs for open access mega-journals compared with Western industrialized countries.	5
The proportion of atypical combinations in academic papers serves as a specific metric for determining paper novelty.	3
Data for this study was retrieved from Web of Science-core collection database using advance search feature on 20th June 2020.	2
They can be calculated as before, but the 83 formulae are, relatively speaking, more intricate.	0
a paper for every paper he coauthors with one other scientist, and 1/3 of paper for every paper he co-authors with two other scientists, etc.	3
Seven broad research areas were selected to observe citation patterns and usage counts.	2
Citation information was retrieved from the Science Citation Index (SCI) database and the presence of a notification of invalidation on the SCI entry was noted.	2
Submit.” strategy were predictors of the high ability to identify predatory journals.	3
This paper presents an analysis of 13 such potential, possible, or probable predatory publishers demonstrating another strategy employed to trap eager to publish authors or researchers to submit their work.	1
Acknowledgements This study was funded by the Russian Science Foundation, No.	0
Furthermore, the Relative Priority Index (RPI) (Sangam et al.	3
TN van Leeuwen and L J van der Wurff are at the Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS), Leiden University, Wassenaarseweg 52, PO Box 9555, 2300 RB Leiden, The Neth- erlands.	0
We then consider the advantages and disadvantages of this model from the perspective of the funder, the researcher, and the university.	3
A global example of combining cocitation and co-word analysis can be found in Braam, Moed, and van Raan (1991).	0
The second equation works on updating the trend, which is expressed as the difference between the last two values.	0
Funding This research was supported by the Russian Science Foundation (Grant 20–18-00140).	0
We propose a novel approach to structure scientific fields, which uses semantic analysis from natural language texts to construct knowledge graphs.	1
Information about the subject field, country of publisher, article processing charge and article volumes published between 2010 and 2014 were manually collected from the journal websites.	3
The importance of research is not under question, but clearly all papers published are not similarly relevant to society.	0
In this paper, we investigate list ordering effects in a particularly interesting context: search over research papers.	1
The present findings reveal that research on the indigenous community has attracted the attention of the scientific community in recent years.	5
Extra 2002 subscriptions for members only cost ￡40/$60 each, inclusive of postage.	0
The study presents the results of an analysis of 82,759 references across 53 healthcare and health policy topics.	2
At the time of data collection, there were 71,496 publications in the field of land-use research, published between 1992 and 2016 and identified using SCI-EXPANDED or SSCI; they represented 18 types of documents.	4
The optimistic view is that this pattern reflects increased productivity outside the highest-ranked schools.	5
Neurosurgical units change their rankings over time and, therefore, it is important to update the tables periodically.	5
What can be affected by this difference in scientometric results?	5
Prior to the design of the weighted features model, we prepared a comprehensive template of features taking as referents the indicators used in earlier research, as well as adding some new indicators.	3
This gives us an impression how stable the results are under small changes of the sample.	0
The algorithm first computes a power-law-like relationship between the vector of frequencies (as measured from Google Scholar): i10, h, and 1, and the vector of their corresponding values: 10, h, and cm, respectively.	3
The authors investigate how well peer reviews of articles published in the journal American Sociological Review between 1978 and 1982 predict the articles' citation impact in the following 32 years.	1
We included all 'journal article' document types with an English abstract that were peer-reviewed and published in 2020 and excluded other document types, documents with abstracts in other languages, and non-peer-reviewed publications, leading to a total of 3569 publications.	2
We thank Omer Gazit, Jane Hunter, Ian Tarr, and Kathleen Wets from F1000 for providing us with the F1000 data set, for helping us with the interpretation of the data, and for providing feedback on an earlier version of the article.	0
Additional research questions asked whether scholars' faculty ranking might influence how they publish and collaborate.	1
There are significant differences in attitudes towards academic misconduct and knowledge awareness of punishment among hospital staff, university teachers and researchers, and students (all p-values < 0.05).	4
Their network-based allocation (NBA) model of coauthorship credit is based on the following assumptions:	3
CT surgeons at United States training institutions in 2020 who completed training in the past three decades, excluding international trainees, were analyzed (1991-2000: n = 148; 2001–2010: n = 228; 2011–2020: n= 247).	2
For this study, data were collected on 4732 publications from 1236 authors displaying "Learning Analytics" in their public GS profile labels, using their most cited publications since 2011.	2
Note that bibliographic coupling [3] [26] [27] analyses the documents citing the same third document, while the analysis of co-citations [28] [4] focuses on the cited documents.	3
These kinds of data can and should inform government assessments of universities and can also aid universities and academics in judging their research performance.	5
Figure 12 indicates that the cost sharing models would result in different financial burdens for each German research institution, although the differences do not seem to be very large in most cases.	4
Articles in non-indexed journals were, on average, shorter, had fewer authors and references, and spent significantly less time in peer review than their indexed counterparts; the proportion of articles employing rigorous statistical analyses was also lower for non-indexed journals.	4
This study highlights a number of important issues in regards to OA publication in OMFS.	5
CiteScore is an Elsevier metric which shows the average number of citations per paper in a given journal within its first 3 years of publication.	3
We exported the list of the most productive authors from each country, resulting in a sample of 5,500 scholars.	2
What remains unknown is how to define ‘appropriate resources, mentorship, and protected time’.	0
Unlike previous trend analysis using topic modeling, we incorporate citation count, which can be viewed as the impact of articles, into trend analysis to shed a new light on the understanding of research trends.	1
9) argument that revolutionary research "alters the historical perspective of the community that experiences it" and "should affect the structure of post-revolutionary textbooks and research publications" (p.	1
We conclude that there is a gap between policy on the one hand and how scientists perceive it on the other.	4
For AUP, the OAPEN and DOAB platforms are very useful tools for promoting our OA books.	5
Muhammad Tanvir Afzal gave the idea and supervise the research, Ghulam Mustafa did the experiments, interpreted the results and wrote the paper, Abid Rauf review the paper and supervise the research.	0
Our investigations clarify why the h-index is not independent.	5
In 43% of cases (37/84), the reported location was judged as "unreliable" after being checked using the 3-dimensional view in Google Maps.	4
At 6 months following publication, articles randomized to TrendMD showed a smaller, yet statistically significant (p = .005), 21% increase in mean citations, relative to control.	4
In this study, we measure public attention given to a VoxEU column in several ways, accommodating the various dimensions of the concept of attention (Klamer & Dalen, 2002).	3
Purpose – The purpose of the present study is to analyze highly cited articles and global research emphases and trends of law and psychiatry (L&P) research during the period of 1993 to 2012 from the Web of Science (WOS) database.	1
Laboratory for Studies in Research Evaluation, Institute for System Analysis and Computer Science (IASI-CNR), National Research Council of Italy, Via dei Taurini 19, 00185 Roma, Italy	0
The Nash equilibrium is a combination of authors' and editor's strategies such that each player responds optimally to the strategy of the other player, and the number of papers submitted that are accepted is equal to the space the editor wants to fill, n.	3
We divide the process into three stages: rearrangement, iteration, and growth.	5
The reference problem consists of evaluating the relative performance of a collection of g populations, G = {1, 2, ..., g}, whose achievements are described by a distribution of values over a finite set of categories that are linearly ordered (ordinal categorical variables).	1
United States was ranked first with 4522 articles, and United Kingdom was on second with 1369 articles.	4
Furthermore, recent empirical studies indicate that the referees do not check the papers line by line.	4
Keywords Intellectual structure · E-learning · Author co-citation analysis · MIS	0
Which form of aging best relates to changes in productivity, collaboration, and impact?	1
The enemy of good assessment is not the leniency/severity of individuals which can be taken into account, but their unreliability.	5
Our raw data were retrieved and downloaded from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) and Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) developed by Thomson Scientific.	2
This is not to deny the considerable value of such outlets, but to limit and focus the discussion.	0
Mature Interdisciplinary topics with high cohesion and high diversity are often produced by the collaboration of core professional knowledge in LIS field such as “bibliographic records”,“knowledge organization systems”, “paper propose” with interdisciplinary input knowledge such as “community detection” and “semantic web”, “sentiment classification” and "social media”.	5
2007), truncated SVD (Singular Value Decomposition) was conducted on the citation vectors for visualisation, a process that reduces noise in the dataset.	3
First, we used the pub_history and author tables to quantify the increase in the number of authors per published article over time (Fig.	4
This paper takes an initial step probing our quantitative understanding of career patterns of the scientific elite, which not only offers an empirical basis for future studies of individual careers and creativity in broader domains [16,50], but also deepens our quantitative understanding of patterns governing exceptional careers in science.	1
The AGN contains more than 256K researchers and 20K advisor-advisee relationships.	4
This study referred to publishing and patenting data for two scientific research categories that are used as proxies for resistant and resilient scientific capabilities.	2
The results from both questions clearly indicate that scientific progress is highly valued among the respondents, and there is no gender difference in this respect.	4
Besides assessing the impacts, we discuss which design and management decisions have evoked which developments and implications.	1
We interpret these results as an outcome of the close association between HEI reputation and the network structure of EU-FP participants.	0
Specifically, an article scoring 1 by peers has, other things being equal, a long-term scholarly impact about 28% greater than an article scoring 0.8.	4
The CD index, a novel metric extensively validated in literature (Funk & Owen-Smith, 2017; Lin et al., 2023; Park et al., 2023; Wu et al., 2019), quantifies the degree to which an idea disrupts the current state of science or technology.	3
From a statistical perspective, the proposal to calculate IFlog, after converting the citations of papers with skewed distributions into a logarithmic format, aims to rectify the statistical shortcomings of the impact factor.	5
> JIF[T] where T is the number of journals.	3
Bibliometric analysis is a quantitative methodology to identify the volume and growth pattern of literature for a particular emerging area.	3
However, little attention has been paid to predatory publishers in the context of student research and library instruction.	1
Our study constructed a more comprehensive dataset than previous studies, encompassing 24,292,991 complete careers of scholars across 19 scientific disciplines from 1950 to 2015.	2
This means that the departmental h-index does not offer a way to foretell the direction of changes of universities in the rankings in these subject areas.	5
2 make it impossible to unambiguously identify specific performance groups of economics journals in terms of citation impact.	0
ABSTRACT: Chemistry is among the last of the core natural sciences to embrace preprints, namely, the publication of non peer-reviewed scientific articles on the Internet.	1
The case for change is bolstered by the inadequacy of the T5 in predicting the quality of an article.	5
To allow better understanding of by whom and where the retracted papers are cited, we also analyzed which authors and journals were quoting these retracted works.	1
For total internal co-publications, for instance, 40% of the population in large-size teams on average holds only 10% of the internal co-publications (figure on the right).	4
In conclusion, we believe it is possible that reviewer interest in a manuscript (measured here as willingness to review) could serve as a proxy for potential for the paper to be highly cited, which in turn serves as a proxy for readership interest.	5
This shows that the portfolio approach yields an improvement in funding outcomes compared with the merit-based model (aside from potential behavioural responses from the research community).	4
The mean scores and the standard deviation were calculated to show the general attitude and the attitude in each of the groups included in the study sample.	3
Both sides claimed victory, but the performance of the uniterm system attracted more notice, for it was novel and challenged the more conventional system.	0
For Dpredict and Dverify, we extract the English publication data of five subfields (listed in Table I) from OpenAlex snapshot [18], [19] (at https://docs.openalex.org/https://docs.openalex.org/); OpenAlex is an open-source successor of the retired Microsoft Academic Graph [20].	2
In the first case, SLA theories and methods flow into the research areas of life sciences and technology to form interdisciplinary studies with brain research, neurology, cognition, computer technology, and engineering, making SLA a provider of knowledge.	4
Figure 2 Average value of fund to each item of GPNNSFC in yuan ’000.1?	0
Furthermore, to measure the scientific influence of a country quantitatively, the two-author collaborative mode may provide valuable insights into future studies.	5
When it comes to field dependence, both INSA and IASc committees in Physics, Engineering Science and Technology and Chemistry were better than the average while the Biological, Life Sciences and Medical Sciences performed poorly compared to the average.	4
Which Australian universities have produced the greatest quantum of high-quality economics research, and are there any discernible trends since 2000?	1
The findings predict that in-links are the most vital factor affecting Webometric ranking, while the number of pages, rich files, and Google Scholar files also make a considerable contribution.	4
How do science pre-service teachers explain their intentions to use Al in inquiry-based teaching?	1
These definitions yield a preexisting population of 12,224 active Soviet mathematicians.	2
Over the past decade, the number of China's SSCI papers has increased, while the number of CSSCI papers has decreased.	4
In the MLE on RI, 14 participating countries (Austria, Bulgaria, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Greece, Ireland, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Moldova, Norway, Spain, and Sweden) used the Country Report Card approach, piloted in the EnTIRE project as a modification of the original proposal from the WCRI exercise (Maru?i? et al.	3
First, if one wants to use domestic or international mobility as a career development strategy, what is the relationship between early-career factors and mobility?	1
We will use the paper to move on from the assetization focus on valuation mechanisms and practices, to draw out the consequences of asset-like structures becoming involved in University governance.	3
Due to differences in publication years among articles, we use the age of an article to adjust for cross-year comparison.	3
This content downloaded from 130.237.165.040 on April 30, 2019 23:10:17 PM	0
Results showed a negative correlation between "good attitudes" and self-reported misconduct and a positive correlation between how frequent respondents thought that misconduct occurs and whether they reported misconduct themselves.	4
Regarding the applicants in PE again, the importance of a single criterion has no significant effect on the mean FNCR (Table 10).	4
When asked about importance to the editor for journal management, timeliness was rated as required (100%) and promotion of positive relationships was rated as required (31%) or helpful (63%).	4
Based on co-authorship data, the study aims to reveal the growth of collaboration during that period, their characteristics and the structure of collaboration between authors, institutions and countries.	1
Second, to what extent do different types of universities with various levels of research intensity respond differently to national PBRF incentives?	1
Missing or inconsistent responses reduced the sample to 1,474 units (see Table 2).	2
In addition, we accessed the whole of Scopus 2020 data to examine non-COVID publications over the year.	2
ISB reduces linguistic diversity using document-level clustering to find the linguistic variants of each key biterm, where each biterm is a pair Termi,1 and Termi,2 in (1) that can represent a pair of collaborating super-topics.	3
We split the knowledge networks of CS and MI into hierarchical layers with the K-core decomposition method.	3
The peer review of myth is of much more value to the higher education industry than the peer review of practice.	5
Fractional and Collab results are often near-identical despite fundamentally different calculation approaches.	4
Abbreviations: Max, maximum value of Twitter clicks; Mean_all, mean value of Twitter clicks of all Bitly short links; Mean_clicked, mean value of Twitter clicks of Bitly short links with at least one Twitter click; Min, minimum value of Twitter clicks; PL(C ≥ 1), percentage of Bitly short links with at least one Twitter click; TNC, total number of Twitter clicks; TNL, total number of Bitly short links; 90th P, 90th percentile of Twitter clicks; SD, standard deviation.	0
The evidence suggests that the AER's content is more closely aligned with prevailing trends in the economics discipline, as reflected by the topics prevalent in other top journals, rather than being shaped by the personal research interests of its editors.	5
The findings show that there is an increasing trend of annual publication on the finite mixture model study.	4
The indirect knowledge base is characterized as reference cascades, a multi-generation citation network containing the focal publication, its references, and its references' references, etc., as well as their mutual citation relations (Min et al., 2021; Xu et al., 2021) (see details of the definitions of reference cascades in Appendix 3).	3
It begs the question: are we better off with the current standard for high profile journals?	5
To achieve this goal, we put forward the following tasks: publication activity of BRICS countries, their contribution to the global process of knowledge generation; thematic structure of publications of BRICS countries, their scientific specialization, and the quality of articles in areas of their specialization; the similarity of the thematic structure of publications; research collaboration profiles, collaboration closeness, and the dominance level of BRICS countries.	1
Our findings, together with those of other studies on Covid-19 retractions [38–40, 44], indicate that improvements in adherence to retraction guidelines are urgently needed.	5
Men and women exhibit homophilous attachment to authors of the same gender, consistent over time.	4
In general, the improved main path assigns unequal weights to each citation, differentiates the influence of different citations and more effectively reflects the knowledge flow in the field.	4
Number of authors per paper for this set of network publications ranges up to 73 authors with a median of 22.5 authors per paper.	4
The theoretical implication of the study is that social network analysis can be used for the optimization of a subject directory by adjusting parent-child relationships and related connections between categories (subcategories) based on the semantic connections of the subject directory.	5
Data analysis was conducted using the free software R analytics (https://www.r-project.org/), and customised scripts were developed to perform a systematic quantitative and cross-dimensional analysis of the data.	3
The association between IF and occurrence of errata reports was also calculated using Spearman rank correlation.	3
Theorem 2 For uniform fair rewards oi, it follows that the sum of the entropy rate H(p) and the optimal wealth growth W*(p) of the selection problem of high quality manuscripts is a constant:	4
We take into consideration the sections Summary of the impact and Details of the impact.	2
We believe this hybrid journal-ranking list composed of subjective and objective rankings can be regarded as a single representative MIS journal ranking list, which can be used to supplement the purely subjective and objective rankings.	5
At the article level, with aggregated information gathered directly from Web of Science by scientific disciplines (Web of Science subject categories), we consider the average impact—mea- sured in terms of number of citations—of OA articles and non-OA articles within each subject category.	3
When considering a field, described as a set of journals, it is possible to calculate the average of the impact factors (AIF) of all journals in this field as well as the global impact factor (GIF), defined as the sum of all citations (over the same citation window as used in the calculation of the AIF) divided by the sum of all publications.	3
Results: The proposed three-factor structure of original PPQ-r cannot be confirmed in present study.	4
After filtering, we obtained citation data for 146,415 journal articles from 152 hybrid journals across 12 fields within biology (Table 3).	2
Numbers in the five category columns do not add to the total due to overlaps between the categories.	0
Pirated article download characteristics were assessed at the individual article, journal, and geographic level.	3
For each of the determinants, we select a set of statistics and network measures to investigate the state of each in every year of the analyzed period.	3
The article emerges from a recently completed study (Muthama 2019), which investigated the conditions enabling and constraining the production of research in the Historically Black Universities (HBUs), as part of a larger project on institutional differentiation in South Africa.	2
On these grounds, the high court of justice that tried the dispute finally ruled that there was neither plagiarism nor copyright infringement in the case (Judgment n°107/2017, of 2nd March 2017).	4
With the growing popularity of morphomic analysis, it is vital to establish baseline variability against which patient populations can be validated.	1
Geographic, institutional and inter-specialty collaboration was identified, and author gender-based differences were studied.	3
Author contributions All authors contributed to the study conception and design.	0
Recently developed construal-level theory (Trope and Liberman 2010) reveals the mechanism of people appraising the probability of an object through psychological activity.	3
The use of such indicators pervades policy initiatives to promote research excellence and contribute to decisions that further reinforce gender disparities.	5
To answer our research questions, we co-developed the SIAMPI approach (Spaapen and Van Drooge 2011), which is based on the earlier Evaluation Research in Context (ERIC) project (De Jong et al.	3
Figure 2 and SI F.2) makes it possible to successfully identify the different research questions present in this synthesis, the details of their ramifications and their development.	4
The results show that the improved method could better distinguish Nobel prize winning papers from the others.	4
We searched the Scopus Abstract and Citation Database for each ScopusID to identify all corresponding published articles.	2
The three most frequently used keywords were “psychopathy”, “mental illness” and “forensic psychiatry”.	4
Top 100 institutions and top 401-500 ones as ranked by CWTS Leiden ranking 2013, sorted by MNCS	0
This study has presented a general overview of the TFS publications based on bibliometric methods and techniques.	5
We chose a qualitative interview method, as its dynamic conversations enabled us to access researchers' perceptions, understandings, and situational definitions and constructions of evaluation and publishing reality (Punch 2013).	3
The paper describes UK practice in assessing broader impacts, notes the rise of the profession of 'impactology' alongside the rise of academics' impact-fatigue, and notes that the two combined may lead us to commit 'metricide' by abandoning time-consuming impact narratives in favour of simple metrics.	1
Word co-occurrence analysis is a technique that allows researchers to establish similarity relations between different keywords.	3
We began with a list of American Political Science Association (APSA) member departments, sampled half of them in early 2017 (N=308), and then generated a list of faculty in these departments (N=5084).	2
The searches resulted in 157 documents with titles containing “open access journal” in SSCI from 1993 to 2016.	2
We also compared top-cited OBGYN articles published in OBGYN journals with those published in nonspecialty journals.	1
So we conclude that communities C2, C3, C4 and C5 are backbones of the web knowledge map of information retrieval, and the subjects of the communities represent the main research directions in the field of information retrieval (applied linguistics, natural language processing, artificial intelligence and comprehensive information retrieval, especially for text).	4
The text files were merged using the cat command function in Mac OS (10.10.5).	0
How should we assess the merit of a scientific publication?	1
Publication language – articles were selected for which Russian was specified as the main language.	2
All articles about immunotherapy for sepsis were extracted from the Scopus database and analyzed.	2
Out of the three topics, the topic with the highest number of papers is clinical and business strategy.	4
There is no association between GDP or population and productivity, suggesting a more complex relationship requiring further investigation.	5
Our analysis reveals that, between 2006 and 2015, the estimated world share of scientific output in medical research (28 diseases) by African researchers accounted to only 2.1%, a marked contrast to the fact that almost 28% of the global disease burden in the same diseases was in Africa in a similar period.	4
Next, we study the shares of doctoral dissertations submitted at various points in time that were advised by researchers who had authored a laser-related dissertation themselves, or by other early entrants into the field of laser research.	3
Palabras clave: Análisis de la información; publicación científica; veterinaria; divulgación científica (Fuente: EuroVoc).	0
Prior to estimating our models, we standardised all explanatory variables by computing their z-scores so that for each variable, the mean takes on the value of zero and the standard deviation takes on the value of one.	3
Received: 25 February 2014/Accepted: 19 April 2014/Published online: 1 May 2014	0
For all fields, except social sciences, younger professors have on average a higher proportion of their publications with international co-authorship then their older colleagues (indicator B).	4
some important Chinese journals have been completely transformed into English-language ones	0
This study aims to identify characteristics of medical student researchers in Colombia and the associated factors with scientific publications.	1
Indicators of bias to collaborate nationally in the range 0–20 (France, Germany, Italy, The Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, UK).	0
The used release of data includes citations through to the end of 2016.	2
The war on science threatens both the respectability and the viability of BSS.	5
The current study findings identified two main scenarios of indexing publications as anonymous.	5
The opposite extreme is former USSR countries, where the standard publication model is centered on local journals.	5
Academics whose research proposals had been rejected were identified by successful colleagues.	0
Specifically, we intend to find answers to the questions of what is its historiographic research development and what are the dominant research themes employed in studying the area, and what thematic foci are time-specific.	1
Although we have stressed libcitations as an altmetric for books in the humanities and social sciences, Tables 5 to 8 also display them for several advanced monographs in science and technology, suggesting they could complement citations there as well.	5
The association between publication rate with GDP and population size indicates there is a need to adjust for these factors when planning research policy.	5
The research data consisted of 2,734 original research articles.	2
The composite score for publication performance (CSPP) of the organisation was calculated in accordance with the formulas of the Methodology approved on 25.08.2020 by the Ministry of Science and Higher Education of Russia:	3
It is found that link prediction can further reinforce the semantic association of topic terms in networks between basic and applied topics.	3
The test also produces false positives and the test must thus be used with caution.	5
Monthly download data sourced from the bioRxiv website provide a longer-term sorting method that has lower resolution but may have a more direct connection to the actual readership of a particular preprint.	2
We used the ISI Web of Science Core Collection and InCites Journal Citation Reports (JCR) to identify the most frequently cited OBGYN articles in OBGYN and nonspecialty journals (Figure 1).	2
For each thesis or publication, the resident's characteristics, the supervisor's characteristics, the thesis characteristics, and bibliometric features were retrieved.	3
To answer RQ3, we now classify professors according to the total impact of their scientific production, measured as the sum of AII for all of their publications: professors in the top 10% by total impact in their SDS are tagged as “highly cited” (HC); those in the bottom 10% as “lowly cited” (LC).	3
A total of 2,330 unique journal titles were cited.	4
This paper aims to investigate the role of standard drafting in the evolution of enterprises' competitiveness in multiplex networks of standards.	1
“Empirical results" section details the results and “Conclusions and discussions" section concludes the study.	0
In summary, I conclude that we may not need the g-index just as we do not really need the h-index as a one-dimensional measure of scientific impact.	5
We chose articles published in 2010, one year after the two databases, F1000 Medicine and F1000 Biology, were merged into F1000Prime in 2009; the citation windows are maximized for 10 years.	2
The context of 44.1% of citation mentions included phrases such as ‘as previously described'.	4
The non-parametric test was used for trend and time series analysis from 2007 to 2017.	3
The data were organized and analyzed with descriptive statistics using SPSS software (version 21.0).	3
The study examines developments in basic NFM research and technological innovations.	1
Let us assume, firstly, authors are prone to include a video abstract for the articles perceived to be of outstanding quality or, anyway, highly representative of remarkable results achieved in a certain research strand.	3
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
But, of course, this study has several limitations that need to be discussed.	0
We find that strategy articles’hidden topic structure explains 14% of variance in scientific impact.	4
We employ bibliometry in order to assess the development of learning research over the past five decades and its relation to technological developments.	3
From the qualitative material, there emerges a major intergenerational dividing line between the 'internationalists' and the ‘locals' in the Polish academic research production.	4
Our research employed statistical methods, including descriptive and bibliometric analysis.	3
In total, our analysis comprises of 32,611,052 publications and 837,596,576 references.	2
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
Library and Information Science (LIS) was selected as an exemplary discipline to test the complexity measurement approach.	2
Data Availability Statement: The data presented in this study are available on request from the corresponding author.	0
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
In short, medicine and environmental sciences are the most relevant areas in the field of bibliometrics after social sciences and computer sciences.	5
The late Hariolf Grupp was at the University of Karlsruhe, Institute for Economic Policy Research (IWW), Post Box, 76128 Karlsruhe, Germany and at the Fraunhofer Institute for Systems and Innovation Research (Fraunhofer ISI), Breslauer Str.	0
Please cite this article as: Huang, K., The Journal of Academic Librarianship, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.acalib.2018.10.007	0
Empirically, the article studies variants in epistemic capitalism by addressing the differing role of the accumulation of different forms of capital and the regimes connected to it in two institutional settings in Austria, academic life science laboratories and biotechnology start-up companies.	1
Over the entire period, the US were the leader with respect to number of publications and CIF.	5
Pragmatism paradigm, mixed methods research approach and convergent parallel mixed method design was adopted.	3
The strongest correlations were observed between scientific output and total number of citations, H-index, and impact factor in the last 2 years pre-grant.	4
The University of Lahore, from the private sector, has 98 predatory contributions by 4 PESS faculty members with only two recognized articles.	4
In reducing gaps between Chinese journals indexed in the SCIE in terms of JIF values and structure of citation networks, those in mathematics perform better than those in the environmental sciences.	5
Relative sizes (%) of three psychological research traditions: Journal articles published in 2005.	0
Scatter plot of the correlation of Google Scholar impact factor and ISI Web of Knowledge impact factor.	0
Then the names of these 1968 users were searched for matching profiles in Google Scholar Citations (GSC).	2
We focused on the 2013 calendar year, selecting “Articles" from C&RL, “Articles” and “Reports" from LRTS and "Features" from RUSQ.	2
Each country's total IF per year was calculated by adding the multiples of each journal IF for each year and the number of articles published by that country in that journal.	3
Despite its growing relevance, consensus about the definition of open banking is lacking.	1
Researchers were asked about their publication strategies, a recognized term in Scientometrics, which Joubert & Rogers (2015) [28] describe as: “a road map delineating what, when, and how research will be published.	3
It is monotonic (Rousseau, personal communication, 18 June 2018): diversity increases for each of the three components when the other two remain the same.	5
This study is designed as a longitudinal trend study, which analyzes changes in variables based on observation over time rather than experimental controls (Hernández-Sampieri et al.	3
They comprise of academic articles published in the ten years between 2010 and 2019 in one of the top-10 journals for accounting, astronomy, and gastroenterology (see Table 17 in the S1 Appendix for an overview of journals).	2
journal reputation, Journal Impact Factor, Science Citation Index, etc.) are crucial when Chinese ECRs read and publish;	4
It harvest and assign metadata to allow categorization and analysis to assist the wider use and exploitation of repositories.	3
The collaboration of Brazil with foreign partners brings benefits for both sides, creating the opportunity of Brazilian research access to financing from international agencies.	4
The dataset used in this study included 100,830 authors for the 17 countries studied.	2
Geographic mobility: using Sweden as the reference point, we use the model to explore movement in and out of the country.	3
Chi2 tests and t-tests were used to analyze differences among students in the Romanian and International sections, as well as among graduates from the 2021, 2022, and 2023 generations.	3
Downloaded from sss.sagepub.com at UNIV OF MASSACHUSETTS on March 16, 2015	0
This article focuses on anchoring effects in the process of peer reviewing research proposals.	1
The average factor score for women (n=69) was found to be 0.31 greater than that for men (n=122) in this case.	4
Effectively, 93% of the outputs of Morocco are written in English and led by Cadi Ayyad University of Marrakech.	4
Growth rates of modern science: a latent piecewise growth curve approach to model publication numbers from established and new literature databases.	1
About 41.68% of the authors were female, whilst 35% of them were first authors.	4
By means of the located Lattes Curricula, these were accessed in order to establish the authors' association with stricto sensu postgraduate programs in Brazil during the year of the publication.	3
2008), a popular method in social network analysis, is preliminarily selected to mine the underlying specialties of a discipline.	3
The hooked power law did not always fit the bootstrapped samples from this subject (see Section 4.2).	0
In the keyword cluster network, we have found that “operational parameter” is the biggest cluster.	5
By taking author as the node and the collaboration relationship between authors of the same article as the edge, we constructed collaboration networks of different disciplines and all of the six business disciplines together.	3
In this article, we show how the Eigenfactor score, originally designed for ranking scholarly journals, can be adapted to rank the scholarly output of authors, institutions, and countries based on author-level citation data.	1
We limited the search to "articles only" which resulted in 2260 publications in 2015.	2
Over the past 20 years, the UAE witnessed a significant increase in research productivity, coupled with a slight increase in quality and diversity of research.	5
First, to provide a fine-grained overview of climate change research, highlighting the wide variety of research topics.	1
Our first example is taken from Example 1 and Fig.	2
We performed a literature search in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS CC) and Scopus.	2
In order to extract the backbone structure (set of relationships that remain after a statistical network reduction approach is implemented), we follow [22] and apply their proposed disparity filter using the disparityfilter package in R.	3
There is a skyrocket trend of robotic surgery in medical research over the last two decades, and countries with high GDP tend to make more contributions to the medical field of robotic surgery.	5
In sum, there are 1414 internationally co-authored papers.	2
But starting around 1970, the proportion of technological combinations (that is, inventions) that are 'narrow' began to increase and currently stands at about 50%.	4
Table 4 summarises the originality scores of the selected 378 journal papers generated by Turnitin.	0
It seems then, that everything is in order in this respect.	0
The data collection portion of the research consisted of gathering information from various sources and creating lists of publisher names, journal titles, and other associated data.	3
These findings indicate that extending funding to additional K award applicants with meritorious scores could significantly strengthen the pipeline of biomedical researchers.	5
Obviously, gender bias seems to prevail in academic hiring, as the differences in career development cannot be explained in terms of performance indicators only—next to objective differences such as cohort and discipline.	5
The data used to test our method and tools consist in the corpus of 20 years of article publication from a free online geography journal.	2
A practical implication of these findings is that they highlight the importance of using scale-independent indicators to assess the impact of articles in natural sciences.	5
Findings indicate very low development of repositories in the country.	5
There is no significant difference in times cited between papers from single countries and those from two or more countries.	4
We adopted the perplexity approach to decide on the number of topics.	3
From experimental results, we identify six combinations (configurations) of visiting scholars and four combinations of postdoctoral researchers that lead to high research performance after their research visits.	4
(3) using the Baron & Kenny method of regression analysis (Baron & Kenny, 1986).	3
Furthermore, grouping publications by user-generated tags results in topic-homogeneous subsets that exhibit higher correlations with citations than the full corpus.	4
This research was funded by Shanghai Philosophy and Social Science Planning Education Youth Project, 2019 (Grant No.	0
Fourthly, given the strong interest in rankings, a categorical analysis has been undertaken on where universities sit in terms of quartiles and rank for both research income per FTE and GPA.	3
Drawing on a recent evaluation of the Norwegian Bibliometric Indicator, the paper concludes that the BRI, despite its official intention of measuring research quality at aggregated levels, can be expected to influence the evaluative practices of department heads, thus entailing gender effects in relation to career advancement and salary increments.	5
The first part of 81% of the data was used for the training phase and the second part (19%) for the ANN testing phase.	2
As such, they may better reflect research impact, such as the M-quotient (the H-index divided by the number of years since first paper), and the frequency of highly cited papers as first author (defined as having over 100 citations).	3
Our study suggests that the CTSA program is highly effective in training junior child health investigators and preparing them for successful careers in clinical and translational research.	5
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
International collaboration improved scientific impact of almost all countries in NST field.	4
At least in the first 120 days, Non-OA(HHI) was significantly higher than OA(HHI), indicating that the diffusion ability of Non-OA articles was significantly weaker than the OA articles.	4
Data were downloaded from the Human Development Report (2013) (that is, data representing the state of the country in 2012).	2
Splitting data into different periods is a common approach to analyze the evolution of a scientific field.	3
Because, for example, ‘Management' could expand by nearly 300%, it upgraded from rank 10 in 1997 to rank 3 in 2019, thereby overtaking categories such as Psychiatry, Law and Sociology.	4
The lower the median, the larger the mean impact of the publication set.	0
Our sample includes data on almost 180,000 papers published in 2004-10 and submitted in early 2012 by all Italian universities and all public research centres to the VQR.	2
It explores the trajectory of scientific knowledge production growth by analysing whether there has been an overall convergence between countries or if, on the contrary, they have converged into clubs ranging from more scientifically advanced groups to less scientifically developed groups.	1
Finally, the empirical results are discussed, followed by the conclusions and policy implications of the findings.	0
Of the total 247 e-thesis repositories in Asia, Japan is the front runner by contributing 60 (24.3 per cent) e-theses repositories, followed by India with 34 (13.8 per cent), China and Taiwan 31 each (12.6 per cent) and Indonesia 27 (10.9 per cent).	4
Tate, who was the managing editor of Physical Review from 1926 to 1950, devoted himself completely to the success of the journal, and the editorship became his central scientific activity after his election.	4
Instead, much of the literature seeks to rank journals or to explore publication trends.	0
That is, we examine the question whether (a) HOA (journal OA) results in more citations and (b) OA pre-prints and/or post-prints are good substitutes for HOA.	1
The documents published in information management, information theory and IS journals attained the most citations.	4
Prolific authors did not adopt coauthorship to improve productivity but targeted non-Q1 journals with higher rates of acceptance.	4
The authors thank Nele Dexters, Ella Roelant and Danny Vindevogel for their assistance.	0
This has been found in the interviews within the study on internationalisation of public research in Germany (Edler, 2007).	0
Reviewed by: Andy Wai Kan Yeung, University of Hong Kong, China	0
This odds ratio increased to 4.6 (CI:1.86–11.35) after removing false positives.	4
The simplified procedure based on three reviews agreed in 80.6% (95% CI: 73.9% to 87.3%) of applicants with the official funding outcome.	4
We independently obtained metadata from every article, author, and journal related to studies that fulfilled the inclusion criteria (title, authors' names, institutions, and countries from InCites?	2
To disentangle the contributions of advisor quality and that of economics departments, we estimate several regression models for the determinants of early academic production.	3
The NFindex considers the paper citations and the average citations per year beside the journal and/or conference impacts.	3
Moreover, this study did not examine the important question of whether percentile scores can accurately stratify meritorious applications to identify those most likely to be productive.	1
Page numbers were recorded only for printed articles, omitting 19 submitted articles available only in manuscript format.	0
The average number of times as first author is the dominance score and the number of times as first author divided by mean of co-authors gives dominance co-efficiency.	3
In this study, we utilized the same corpus as in previous research (Bertin et al., 2016), which includes 1,815,428 citation contexts.	2
In this study, tripartite citation is fused with co-citation and coupling relations as a way of weighting the strength of direct citations, and all-author tripartite citation networks were constructed due to the contributions of all authors to the resulting publications.	1
All programme evaluation respondents agreed that the orientation helped them gain a better understanding of their role as a peer reviewer at Pre-Publication Support Service.	4
As ordination (gradient) analysis is complementary to clustering analysis, we furthermore supplemented the results with Detrended Correspondence Analysis (DCA) as one of the ordination techniques (Hill and Gauch 1980) which transforms numerical information from the matrix into a graphical display.	3
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
Secondly, to evaluate the evolution and reduce the data variation from year to year (given the low number of publications in the early years and their variation in the following years), the entire time period (1984–2017) was divided using the period manager of the bibliometric software: 1984–1999, 2000-2004, 2005–2009, 2010–2014 and 2015–2017, with 153, 1,136, 2,302, 969 and 715 publications, respectively.	2
Received 15 August 2019; Revised 21 November 2019; Accepted 29 November 2019; Published 8 January 2020	0
Most of the recommended papers were not published in the highest-ranking journals, nor did they have the highest number of mean annual citations.	4
Received May 1, 2010; Accepted July 21, 2010; Published August 16, 2010	0
This paper functions as an interface to many of the project's documents.	0
We probed further into the underlying characteristics of active nanotechnology by using topic modeling.	3
Do Twitter users mention problems with papers (early) that are later retracted?	1
This is approximately 1 percent of US articles published in 2010 and indexed in the Web of Science.	2
In an effort to reduce the multidimensionality of the scientific enterprise, we find three general aspects: production, visibility, and impact:	3
This paper shows that, depending on the writing complexity in determining article importance, scientific communication in some research fields exhibits accessibility-salient equilibria in which scholars are most attentive to accessibility and less sensitive to article importance.	1
Based on a sample consisting of 7 million scholarly tweets of Web of Science papers, our results show that likes is the most prevalent engagement metric, covering 44% of scholarly tweets, followed by retweets (36%), whereas quotes and replies are only present for 9% and 7% of all scholarly tweets, respectively.	4
Evolution of the education policy information transmission network by time period	0
The results establish that the profile of international mobility varies by academic research career stage.	4
Cells represent the number of papers found uniquely by each method or combination.	0
Bibliometric analysis techniques such as citation analysis, co-word analysis, performance analysis, and network analysis are aimed at investigating and analyzing scholarly data [24].	3
In this paper, we compare two sophisticated publication-level approaches to ex-post citation normalization: an item-oriented approach and an approach falling under the general algorithmically constructed classification system approach.	1
The article uses a mixed-methods research design, with extended quantitative and qualitative strands, as I am interested in both narrative and numerical data – assuming that one data source may be insufficient.	3
For page number hierarchy, each page was evaluated based on HTML page depth, each page defined by a "doctype" declaration.	3
The top ten publishers account for 74% of the award-winning volumes, and the multiple regression analysis confirms that all variables were statistically significant and consistent with our hypotheses, except subfield.	4
The most frequent areas included in our data sample correspond to librarianship and medicine, with 27.2% (17.6%) and 21.6% (28.7%) of the documents (citations), respectively.	4
The three largest publication outlets of HCPs are Bilingualism Language and Cognition (16), International Journal of Bilingual Education and Bilingualism (11), and Modern Language Journal (10).	4
The interviews were conducted online, later fully transcribed and coded in NVivo using descriptors underpinning our interview guide, which included three aspects.	3
To include measures from other theoretical conceptions of concentration, the Herfindahl–Hirschman Index and concentration ratios were applied as well.	3
Our procedure consists of four major components: (1) data collection, (2) citation context extraction, (3) index creation, and (4) retrieval system design (See Fig.	3
Citation analyses form an increasingly important part of the academic exercise of research evaluation.	1
Data was collected in 2020 as part of the research project Determinants and effects of cooperation in homogeneous and heterogeneous research clusters (DEKiF) through an online survey with eighty-three items (Hückst?dt et al., 2023).	2
The empirical results show that the scientometric classification model proposed in this study performs better than comparable machine learning classification methods in terms of precision, recognition, and F1-score.	4
Building on an emerging literature on the contribution of differences in communication to the STEM gender gap (Kanze et al. 2018; Lerchenmueller, Sorenson, and Jena 2019), we implement a range of text analysis methods associated with gendered language in the context of scientific grant applications.	1
Countries with high productivity usually have good impact but countries with medium productivity in certain subfields also show noticeable impact performance.	5
This article has been cited by 2 articles hosted by HighWire Press; see: http://www.sciencemag.org/content/342/6157/468.full.html#related-urls	0
For each of the 5 outcomes, there were no significant differences between Reviewer 2 and other reviewers both before and after regression adjustment (Figure 1; Supplementary Table 2).	4
Tables A1 and A2 in the online supplement provide a detailed breakdown of position “type” at the start of the career (i.e., immediately after the end of scientific training) and at the end of the observation period.5	0
Our study thus highlights an ambiguous link between thematic funding mechanisms and researchers' orientations.	5
The top five for the raw count were: University of Michigan, Indiana University, Purdue University, University of Georgia, and Arizona State University.	4
Non-parametric statistical techniques were used to analyse preferences across different Rl education modes and within sub-groups (i.e., fields, age, native language, roles in research community).	3
Authors citing journals from Beall’s list have published less than the world average at the time of publication if the author is located in Africa, Southeast Asia or South Asia.	4
However, it remains unclear whether this reduced impact reflects cause-and-effect - title structure affects paper impact – or, as we suspect, that titles simply reflect the content of the paper and thus narrowly versus broadly focused titles accurately predict whether a paper will interest a broader readership.	5
In agreement with previous research, we found that teamwork is an important factor in high impact papers, with average citations received increasing concordant with the number of co-authors listed.	4
The results show how, as the first generation of scholars to be socialized towards value of academic research beyond academia, ECRs are confronted with policy signals that encourage a drive for impact, which are at the same time often in line with respondents' personal values around impact beyond academia.	4
Furthermore, shared ethnicity further facilitated US-China science cooperation.	5
Since the use of several resources and, respectively, different bibliometric indicators or their sets exposes different groups of leaders, it is desirable to elaborate a reliable universal algorithm for the bibliometric ranking of journals.	5
Additionally, we test whether such judgments are transparent and yield consistent results.	1
Thereafter, the year-wise values of citations per paper (CPP) are computed by dividing the total citations by total papers for that year.	3
The so-called rank normalized impact factor (rnIF) equals ((k – rj + 1)/k * 100) where rj is the descending rank of journal j in its subject category and k is the number of journals in the category.	3
We collected papers and patents published by scholars in POSTECH and RIST from January 2011 to September 2020.	2
Abbreviations: H-index, Hirsch index; NIH, National Insti- tutes of Health; OMSs, oral and maxillofacial surgeons.	0
The Title field-only option too may have affected our citation analysis, thus, all conclusions presented here should be interpreted within the context of these limitations.	0
Then the correction lookup table and indices have been built to calculate more accurate impact factors.	3
We analyzed total Web of Science-(WoS)-indexed publication output in years 2011–2013 for 67 institutions in which OA was mandated to estimate the mandates’ effectiveness: How well did the MELIBEA score and its individual conditions predict what percentage of the WoS-indexed articles is actually deposited in each institution’s OA repository, and when?	1
The FLCA algorithm proposed in this study offers researchers a comprehensive approach to exploring and comprehending the complex connections among authors or keywords.	5
Most authors appeared pleased with the experience and indicated they are likely to submit future manuscripts to the same or similar megajournal which seems to suggest these journals will continue to grow in popularity.	5
From 1977 to October 2015, a total of 14,398 manuscripts were published in which the cardiology postgraduate students were first authors or coauthors.	4
Using data that consisted of paid-up SIOP members who listed academia as their primary work setting and were in research focused positions, the first study objective was to present normative scholarly impact data for I-O psychologists in academia focusing on Google Scholar (h-index, i10-index, publications, citations, and most-cited publication), Publish-or-Perish (hI,norm index, hla index, and e-index), and ResearchGate (Research Interest Score, Reads, and Recommendations) indices (see Table 1).	2
This article sets out to test selected propositions of a 'theory of middle range' (Merton [1949] 2007) put forward by Richard Whitley in his article “Umbrella and Polytheistic Scientific Disciplines and their Elites” (Whitley 1976).	1
Article metrics (full-text views, abstract views, PDF downloads, times e-mailed, Altmetric Attention Score, times tweeted, and number of citations by posts) were extracted from articles published in Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery over a 2-year period.	2
As such, this study addresses the following three research questions:	1
In the course of time this forum of Parliament has gained considerable importance.	0
Is the rate of OA publishing increasing for books and chapters?	1
The overlaps in the Natural Sciences including Life Sciences & Biomedicine, Physical Sciences, and Technology were higher than those in the Social Sciences and Humanities.	4
The RWIF is the result of excluding self-links for a website, thus establishing an analogous impact factor.	3
The study reveals that Egyptian researchers heavily rely on Sci-Hub, generating a substantial 1,357,526 download requests in 2017, with 65% of these occurring outside regular working hours.	4
Given an initial year Y, we consider a past time window of length d and a future time window of length p.	3
Finally, both genders were similarly successful in terms of receiving mentions from blogs, news, Facebook, or LinkedIn.	4
AAS membership included 20.5% (824) of all 4015 surgical faculty in this database.	4
We first introduce the theoretical framework of this study, which is based on the input-process-output (IPO) model (McGrath, 1964).	3
This study presents findings from the first year of the Harbingers research project, a 3-year longitudinal study of early career researchers (ECRs), which sought to ascertain current and changing habits in scholarly communication.	1
Here I argue that this is a direct consequence of the pay-structure and the assessment system employed in academia and it could be remedied by changing hiring, advancement, and funding criteria.	1
H-index and its well documented variants are among the primary tools in measuring the individual's research performance, thus the present study is to examine the most important h-index variants that have been discussed in the literature including h-index, g- index and ar-index in the field of epidemiology.	1
For a list of the terms and concepts, see Appendix A.	0
PREP is an online platform that collects and provides information on editorial procedures and peer review formats.	1
There were some exceptions however: first, citations received by articles published in first-quartile journals decreased immediately after retraction (p<0.05), only to increase again after some time had elapsed; and second, postretraction citations decreased significantly in the case of articles that had received many citations before their retraction (p<0.05).	4
Our analysis shows that also in a small language area, such as Finland, scholarly communication and open access to publications in the national languages are vital for local relevance and outreach of research.	5
Research on the determinants of scholarly productivity is flourishing, driven both by long-standing curiosity about its wide variation, and by recent concern over race and gender inequalities.	1
Currently, 17% of our overall goal of 60 patients have completed ACT or enhanced treatment as usual.	4
The formula to compute clustering coefficient is: clT(G) = 3τΔ(G)/τ3(G)	3
In this paper, we propose that the impact of articles is lower and writing style of articles is less positive when the article’s first author is female relative to male first authors, and writing style mediates this relationship.	1
Furthermore, h-indices depend on the number of researchers in the field and on the vitality of the field (i.e., how fast it is making progress).	4
More interestingly, when we consider BERD (panel (b)) and we exclude Luxembourg (the red outlier in the figure), the point are even more correlated with respect to HERD.	4
Based on trends over the last 50 years, the proportion of female authors in Computer Science is forecast to reach parity beyond the end of this century, and under different assumptions, it may take far longer.	5
The number of papers in Industry 4.0 in Vietnam increased rapidly in recent years, mostly focused on Computer Science, Engineering, and Mathematics.	4
Among Brazilian economists, lay prestige is not accompanied by academic prestige.	1
First author model: In this model, the institution of the first author covers the entire costs for APC.	3
We used Spearman's rank correlation coefficient to evaluate the correlation between ranking positions and determined parameters in order to assess the overall weight of the investigated parameters.	3
On account of the three basic properties of diversity—variety, balance, and disparity-we can calculate the research diversity for more complex dimensional structures than could be achieved by one variable alone.	3
The sizeable minority of ECRs who did not employ citation metrics did so largely because they were not required to use them by their institutions and subject fields or because they were not used by their peers, which suggests that citation metrics are not quite as widely prevalent as thought, and this is true for all disciplines.	5
The only difference we found between male and female interviewees is that in describing top talents, both as grant applicants and as general university employees, women ascribe a higher value to individual capital.	4
An explorative, qualitative social research methodology was adopted to gain insight on the challenges and benefits of SSH-oriented taxonomy and its categories from the participants' point of view, in relation to the description and assessment of STEM research (Clark et al., 2021).	3
We apply the method of Contextual Exploration, developed by Desclés in 1981 and 1997 (see Desclés et al.	3
The AMS data report the mathematician's institutional affiliation at the time the paper was published, as well as the location of the affiliation, but this information is available on a systematic basis only since 1984.	2
We also carry out a ‘fixed effects’ model, whereby dummy variables are included for each UoA and HEI.	3
Tables 1 and 2 show the top ten high-frequency keywords and the strongest citation bursts keywords of seafood cold chain logistics.	0
Thus, although the difference is not large, the geometric mean is recommended instead of the arithmetic mean for future JIF calculations.	5
Furthermore, it is an instrument that can be used to introduce more precise definition of scientific success such as one that links citations to the ability to affect the space of PACS: in future investigations for example, we plan to draw a comparison between sector’s trajectories and the time evolution of citations.	5
All the document data are retrieved from Web of Science (WoS).	2
Hit Ratio = (A&B&C)/ (B&C) = (A&B&C)/((A&B&C) + (B&C Not A))	3
The author constructed a co-authorship network by linking two authors if they co-authored a paper.	3
Eligible papers were articles pertaining to the discipline of Psychology, published between 2010 and 2012.	2
Comparison between continuous variables was performed using the Mann-Whitney U test for 2 independent samples or the Kruskal-Wallis test for multiple independent samples as appropriate.	3
The main well-known bibliometric set of laws (Price's, Lotka's and Bradford's Law) is tested to better understand the patterns that govern the scientific production on WPS.	3
The Thompson Reuters Web of Science database was accessed to record bibliometric information and citation parameters of all journals listed under the Ophthalmology area of the 2011 JCR edition, including the journals with main publication interests in the contact lens field.	2
Geographical distribution is more unbalanced—the authors from the USA unambiguously dominated in production of SAAs (64.07%) among 28 countries involved and the authors affiliated with Harvard University among 195 institutions (4.49%).	4
The sample in this study consists of 61,313 individual records (research articles and reviews) published in 2724 peer-reviewed journals in the period from 1996 to 2017 and indexed in the Scopus database.	2
Social network analysis is useful to visualize a citation network and to describe how the citation network is influenced by foreign scholarships, mainly Western.	3
For non-OA journals, higher-ranked forestry journals appear to focus mainly on increasing the journal size each year to influence JIF and final ranking, while normally ranked journals are more likely to impact their JIF and ranking with a heavy dependence on prolonging the period between online post and final publication.	5
Humanities and social sciences comprise 30 per cent of the total share of this database.	4
The PLoS site was the information source for this study.	2
For quick comparisons and progress tracking, g-index can be replaced by proposed P-index as the square root of total citations and V-index as the square root of total number of citations/author.	5
The remaining document without references is shown on its own row in Table A1 for clarity as all methods predict at least one cited reference when the true value is zero.	0
To examine the nature of authorship pattern amongst faculty members of NEHU.	1
(1), weights were assigned to different logical sections.	3
Unlike previous methods for the analysis of journal rankings, we have employed a multi-bibliometric approach.	5
The interview protocol was designed to allow our participants to express their values in relation to their research and academia in an authentic way.	3
In our GGC analysis, we found that nearly all the U.S. GGCs in our sample had a detailed product page or set of pages and two-thirds had information about their research and development activities (Arora et al., 2014).	4
The year with the highest volume of citations is 2020 (Figure 2).	4
Concerning the number of submitted manuscripts, it was observed that the acceptance rate in JSCS was the highest if papers were submitted in January and February; it was significantly lower if the submission occurred in December.	4
These differences for calculations for 2014 and 2021 levels did not exceed 9% for English, Spanish and Portuguese, and 14% for French, which corresponds to the languages of former colonial empires.	4
What countries show a more significant concern for this type of research?	1
The result of the data collection process is a complete dataset of 412 scholars' details, consisting of: (i) age, sex, region; (ii) affiliations; (iii) fields of study; (iv) the number of publications in Scopus, (v) the number of research years since the Master graduation; (vi) the number of researchers they collaborated with; (vii) whether or not they have the title of “Professor/Assoc.	2
This process entails an indispensable step before the processing: the normalisation of terms, also called the pre-processing phase.	3
The criteria for evaluating impact – formalized by HEFCE – were viewed by respondents in both positive and negative terms and as dynamic and evolving.	4
This indicates that the Matthew Effect is stronger for intra-regional collaborative papers than for inter-regional ones.	5
To measure quality, we now shift our yard stick from output per capita to score per article and per page.	3
The dataset for the current study consists of the scientific publications by Italian academics over the period 2010–2019 that are indexed in WoS.	2
Between 2003 and 2014, there were 23,155 articles and 1155 reviews published in the neuroimaging journals.	4
The NSP indicator has an average value of 0.86 during the period 2007–2011, and the top 50 most productive HEIs average an ISP value of 1.4.	4
The NSR database (http://www.nndc.bnl.gov/nsr) contains metadata for more than 219,000 publications, and 94,000 individual authors (Pritychenko et al.	2
Second, we demonstrate the skewed reward mechanism that affects journals' IFs disproportionately for an equally cited paper, depending on journal size.	5
More specifically, we analyse both the selection of projects and the funding amount allocated to each project.	1
This year represents an important moment in the history of RBMS and its affiliated professions.	0
This procedure resulted in a final sample of N=1,520,967 inventors.	2
A normalized version of the intensity indices is show in Table 7.	0
Furthermore, the survey results reveal various reasons behind academic misconduct.	5
Using R, we found a correlation of 0.314 between spatial ability score and relative distance correlation coefficient</METRIC> for the hexmap cohort, and -0.002 for the network group.	4
The study has a dual aspect: one is to determine how the behaviour of references, especially Web references, in relation to accessibility and use has evolved over 15 years in alternating periods (1999, 2004, 2009, 2013) in these two areas, and the other is to determine from the type of references scientists of prestige use in their publications whether they consider the Internet to be a reliable source of information for their research.	1
Received: 2 May 2023 Revised: 24 March 2024 Accepted: 22 April 2024	0
These results suggest that authorship lists are the result of a complicated process involving negotiations, field norms, and differences in visibility and that these vary across projects in systematic ways.	5
This paper is a revised and expanded version of a paper entitled 'Evolution of regional scientific collaboration networks in nanoscience between China and the EU-15 member states' presented at 2012 R&D Management Conference, Grenoble Ecole de Management (GEM), France, May 2012.	0
Over the entire study period, a generally increase trend can be noted in the number of publications.	4
The relationships between independent factors and citation status were evaluated using univariate tests, including chi-square test, Fisher's exact test, t-test, or Mann-Whitney U test.	3
The complex relations between the citing and cited articles were examined through schematic visualization.	3
All of these variables combined result in a higher citation rate of any paper produced by the prominent scientist when compared with his or her less known (e.g., younger) peers.	0
To tackle the questions of how one’s h-index will evolve over time and which publications will contribute to it, we formulate two scientific impact prediction problems, as shown in Figure 1.	1
The search yielded five journals related to this discipline.	2
Additionally, BalancerGNN achieves impressive accuracy rates, ranging from 73.99% to 94.28%.	4
Not qualitatively relevant, as for research topics of local importance, or for language-bound non-English topics (Van Hooydonk, 1996).	0
Therefore Egghe (2006) proposed the g-index which is given by the largest number g of papers which have received at least g citations on average (Schreiber, 2010).	3
In addition, to examine the influence of leadership on the above relationship in the Chinese context, we introduced transformational leadership as a moderator.	1
The fact suggested that low Similarity index does not necessarily mean low possibility of research misconduct.	5
To conduct multivariate analyses of the aforementioned variables potentially associated with JIF inflation, we employed fixed effects models using the Stata xtreg command.	3
PubMed/Medline was searched for articles published between January 1998 and October 2022 in general radiology and general medical journals with the top five highest current impact factors.	2
Using data on library subscriptions and references made for a sample of North American universities, this study provides evidence that, while big deal bundles do decrease the mean price per subscribed journal, academic libraries receive less value for their investment.	1
We interviewed 26 (13 female) researchers based at 26 institutions in the USA (n = 16) and Canada (n = 10).	2
We explore several sub-questions to address different aspects of mobility choices and consequences.	1
This suggests that cross-lingual collaboration can help NNESs improve their scientific writing.	5
Responding RQ3, we found that the evolution of research revealed a constant growth in studies since 2012 (except 2017-2018), which demonstrate an increase in research interest on the topic.	5
Only original research articles were included in the analysis.	2
Further, we used linear mixed models (LMMs) to estimate the general field-wide trends in marine and fisheries sciences, taking into account inter-journal variation in mean values and magnitudes of trends.	3
Articles from the same subject and year seem to fit the discretised lognormal distribution reasonably well (Evans, Kaube, & Hopkins, 2012; Thelwall & Wilson, 2014a) and better than most distributions tested so far.	3
The most popular one is the H-index [16] which evaluates a set of publications by considering the "x" number of papers that have received at least “x” citations.	3
RQ3: If the two previous questions can be answered affirmatively, do these behaviors affect the correlations between AutLMs?	1
In summary Swedish library and information science, conceived as a field of education, have the following characteristics: Core types: books are the most frequently cited sources of information, followed by internet resources, journal papers, anthology chapters, student theses, and newspaper articles.	5
The main UoA that would have gained additional funding with the proposed change is clinical medicine, with an additional ￡1.8 million allocated to this UoA.	4
In the following sections, we analyze whether cooperation is associated with research performance.	0
We conduct an updated retrospective evaluation of The International Review of Economics and Finance during 1992-2015.	1
The size of discipline could also be a factor as the impact of misclassified papers on the ranking could be high in small disciplines and low in big disciplines.	5
The Young Academy, an independent unit under the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters, in collaboration with The Think Tank DEA and the Independent Research Fund Denmark (IRFD), therefore decided to ask Danish scientists to describe their 'ideal' research grant (please see https://thinktankdea.org/publications/ grants for summary in English and survey in Danish).	2
Exploiting a database of papers presented at the European Population Conferences (EPC), this paper aims to investigate the driving factors behind co-authorship both within and across institutions.	1
The purpose of the present work was to design a comprehensive weighted features model for the specific evaluation of archival websites, and to apply it in practice to the particular population of Spain's web archives, ranking them in terms of quality based on the features they include.	1
This paper mainly adopts the mathematical statistics method that is commonly used in bibliometrics to conduct regression analysis and the non-parametric test for the collected data with the aim to investigate the quantitative relationship between scientific research productivity and career.	3
Undergraduate education is primarily designed to impart a basic knowledge base.	0
Out of the 16 funded projects, this article focuses on 13 which agreed to participate in the study.	2
Citation data may not be needed as it correlates highly with other measures.	5
Drawing on the environmental scan, the sample of health news websites under scrutiny in this study, includes nine health news websites that pertain to three categories of news websites with varying roots in the institution of journalism1: (1) legacy media brands (A, B and C), (2) net-native websites by publishers with additional print brands (D, E and F), (3) net-native websites by publishers without print activities (G, H and I) (cf.	2
Using GS-listed citations generates a similar pattern as using citations from only ISI-published articles but there are some notable differences.	4
Therefore, the aim of this study was to find out top-cited articles published in professional emergency medicine journals and analyse their characteristics.	1
The goal of this research project is to describe who is conducting relevant research and where they are located, to understand what topics are currently being researched, and to identify gaps in the broader research landscape.	1
The results shown in the Table 10 indicate a significant correlation between educational level and attitudes towards academic misconduct and knowledge awareness of punishment.	4
However, the funder had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
For environmental quality, TS = “environment* quality" is selected as the search term to retrieve data from the 1998~2015 Scientific Citation Index (SCI), Scientific Citation Index Extension (SCI-E), Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) and Proceedings Citation Index-Science (CPCI-S) in the WoS database.	2
Delayed type: documents that receive the main part of their citations later than normal documents.	3
In Finance, however, we do not find evidence of strategic co-authoring.	4
They suggest that the division of analytic and Continental philosophy in the considered timespan is overstated; that analytical, in contrast to Continental philosophy does not form a coherent group in recent philosophy; and that metaphors about the disciplinary structure should focus on the coherence and interconnectedness of a multitude of smaller and larger subfields.	4
The original Sloan questionnaire, called for brevity's sake the 'international' questionnaire, was translated into Mandarin.	2
The proportion of IDC contribution is close to that of direct knowledge contribution when the discipline scale is removed, which suggests that it is essential to consider IDC to distinguish the knowledge relationship (net-outflow/inflow) between disciplines.	4
This study develops a bibliometric overview of all journals that have been indexed in the Web of Science (WoS) database over the past 25 years (1995–2019), according to several bibliometric indicators in the seven categories of computer science research.	1
For each case, we briefly introduce the specific empirical context and then focus on five aspects of our collaborations with security communities of practice: (1) The form of intervention, that is, the relational configuration between the researcher and the relevant community of practice.	3
On average, each G-T patent cites 8.28 patents, and is cited by 2.36 patents.	4
The study shows that USA is the country leadership in the tourism, leisure and hospitality research.	4
481(52.7%) authors were geographically affiliated to Sindh, Pakistan;	4
Again, this result contradicts H4, which specifies a positive moder- ation effect of collaboration intensity on the democracy-science relationship.	4
Xiting Huang, Hong Li and Yuejia Luo were at the top of the list of prolific authors.	4
In this study, we adopt search path link count (SPLC).	3
The LM’s critique of the current state of things follows a motif of proliferation: “Metrics have proliferated: usually well intentioned, not always well informed, often ill applied” (Hicks et al., 2015, p.	4
Note that unlike cosine, the publication volume is not considered in this second metric.	0
After these two steps, we had 114,577 scholars remaining in our dataset with at least one coauthor and a unique researcher ID.	2
Nobel laureates’ scholarly writing evinces less certainty about the conclusions of their research than that of other highly productive scholars.	4
By EF, titles publishing most frequently on testicular and kidney neoplasms were joint 5th, and leukaemia and myeloma joint 18th.	0
The study has outperformed contemporary studies by attaining 0.97 precision (i.e., 0.85 vs.	4
The second, smaller, set (SCIM) comes from the field of scientometrics for which we used a custom retrieval strategy on Thomson Reuters Web of Science Core Collection (WoS).	2
Citations are one indicator that someone, usually another academic, has read your paper and found it to be useful (albeit not all citations are positive).	0
Specifically, we examine the network structure of international scientific collaboration, the modes of knowledge production, and the underlying patterns of collaboration in terms of geographic, linguistic, and economic factors.	1
Google, Google Scholar, PubMed, ResearchGate, OpenDOAR and OAlster were manually checked to assess the OA status of each included article.	3
Just one fifth of the articles in the top eight journals are uncited after six years.	4
The key phrase 'coastal flood' was searched among documents published between 1986 and 2016 from the Scientific Citation Index (SCI) databases of the Web of Science (Thomson Reuters, http://apps.webofknow- ledge.com), which is maintained by the Institute of Scientific Information (ISI).	2
The Spearman correlation coefficient was carried out to test the correlations between downloads and the features of papers in the context of different patterns.	3
The majority of scholars claim that scandals of academic misconduct will continue if no efforts are made to radically change the assessment system currently in effect.	5
This paper reports on a subset of interviews as part of a wider study of 90 academics—30 from each Australia, the UK and the USA—spanning a range of so-called ‘STEMM' (science, technology, engineering, mathematics and medicine) disciplines and social sciences and humanities.	2
(3) What is the temporal dynamics of large-scale structure formation in these networks?	1
Subject matter was varied, with the most common topics of publication being free flap reconstruction (n = 10), nasal surgery (n = 9) and rhytidectomy (n = 6) (Table 4).	4
Collaboration analyses were carried out using Research Performance Profiles data in InCitesTM, a web-based platform for research evaluation from Thomson Reuters.	2
The corpora of the study came from a self-built corpus containing 30,000 HCRA titles across four disciplines (i.e.	2
In short, our analysis indicates that the field competence of the reviewers is of key importance for trusting peer review and that successful applicants to and insiders in the grant review arena are more trusting.	5
The indexing progress of JBUON immediately increased the submission rate, and enlarged the number of publications, original papers in particular, in every volume of JBUON.	4
We showed that the progression of academic careers (inside the SNI) and the obtaining of bonuses for scientific output depend on how closely the SNI members follow the assessment criteria reinforcing pressure to publish as a personal goal.	5
Our experiments revealed that licensing officers judge inventions to have greater commercial value if the inventor's status is higher.	4
Acknowledgements This work was supported by the China Scholarship Council (Grant No.	0
According to Scopus, the main subject categories in which this research falls are social sciences (38%), computer science (26%) and medicine (23%), while the environmental sciences category has 8%.	4
The review presented here is meant simply to serve as a “reality check” of the broadest sort.	0
We generated a collaboration network among the countries for each of the four areas of knowledge in order to analyze the position and collaborative relationships existing between the countries according to the level of human development.	3
The Clarivate Analytics Web of Science core collection (WoS) was accessed in January 2021 and a title-specific search was conducted using the MeSh terms and keywords “hematopoietic stem-cell transplantation,” “transplantation, hematopoietic stem cell,” “stem cell transplantation, hematopoietic,” “bone-marrow transplantation,” “transplantation, bone marrow," "grafting, bone marrow," "bone marrow grafting," "transplantation bone marrow cell," "bone marrow cell transplantation," "stem cell transplant," "allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant," "autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplant."	2
The study carries out a perception analysis on the responses of a sample of clinicians involved in clinical trials and belonging to the same research community.	1
The present study addressed this issue quantitatively, using data on h-index and Scimago Journal Rank (SJR) for 566 journals within the fields of ecology and evolutionary biology, and applying Partial Least Squared Structural Equation Modelling.	1
Newman's algorithm extracts tightly knit clusters with a high density of links within the cluster.	3
Computational Statistics & Data Analysis (20), Statistics in Medicine (15), Biometrics (10), and Journal of the American Statistical Association (10) are ranked as the top 4 most productive journals, accounting for 3.00%, 2.25%, 1.50%, and 1.50% respectively.	4
The results shown in Table 6 indicate a negative effect on impact (?7.4%, i.e.	4
In this paper, we show that ECS, defined as scientists within 6 years of their first publication, make increasingly significant contributions to the marine and fisheries sciences literature.	5
The remainder of this article is organized as follows: the next section will explain the fundamental assumptions used to justify the use of research front time lines.	0
However, these studies were not designed to answer whether tweeting about scientific papers causes an increase in citations, or whether they were simply highlighting that some papers have higher relevance, importance or quality and are therefore both tweeted about more and cited more.	1
Focusing on high-impact factor radiology journals, we then targeted journals with a 2015 Thomson Reuters impact factor of 2 or greater, and the journal category of "radiology, nuclear medicine and medical imaging" using the Thomson Reuter's Journal Citation Reports search tool.	2
Secondly, a thematic analysis of the e-mails provides a systematic examination of their content.	3
We analyse Spanish HIV research, assessing the role that RIS has played in it.	1
No significant statistical correlation can be established between the publication or citation record of a researcher and the amount of money this researcher obtains in grant funding.	4
What interactions do the researchers create and describe with other stakeholders?	1
2 CREMA – Center for Research in Economics, Management and the Arts, Zurich, Switzerland	0
This study surveyed Chinese faculty members to examine the effect of the tenure track on faculty members' academic performance.	1
3), library science (right), and information resource management (middle) that connects the former two sub-disciplines.	4
Which types of impacts do UK museums and art galleries help to generate?	1
The advantages and disadvantages of each of these criteria are discussed below.	0
Our findings are in line with findings by Yu et al.	4
International collaborations have been growing based on center-periphery, international trade, and social factors, instead of geographic proximity.	4
The BIC indicator is a new indicator, specifically constructed to measure balance in collaboration.	5
Our data indicate that board members of Radiology journals with higher IF have greater h-indices compared to lower IF journals.	5
This study is based on a subset of respondents from the survey (n = 1173) who started their doctoral studies between 2016 and 2018 in the research areas Medical and Health sciences, Natural sciences, Engineering and Technology, Veterinary and Agricultural sciences, and the Social sciences.	2
To explore the potential relationships between international collaboration and the five types of distance factors in the field of AI, we model the degree of international collaboration (DIC) between countries as the response variable using two regression analysis.	3
This signals a global growing trend towards a collaborative effort to transfer knowledge and deepened the knowledge on RIRE.	5
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/rev/article/doi/10.1093/reseval/rvad038/7497085 by Jnls Cust Serv on 01 February 2024	0
The main aim of this study is to systematically assess the value of Microsoft Academic automatic searches for the citation impact assessment of academic books.	1
Publication history was determined using a query of PubMED and SCOPUS databases (for previous 10-year period from 2002 to 2012), h-index, and academic rank.	2
We analysed the collaboration by VOSviewer, which is a software tool for creating co-authorship based on network data.	3
100 MOST-CITED HBO2 PUBLICATIONS FROM 2011-2020 – UHM 2022 VOL 49 NO 4	0
When HARKing involves cherry-picking, which consists of searching through data involving alternative measures or samples to find the results that offer the strongest possible support for a particular hypothesis or research question, HARKing has only a small effect on estimates of the population effect size.	4
Our study brought empirical evidence that learning theories are used differently in doctoral capstones across different ranking groups, and the quantitative differences in their use are associated with the universities' rankings.	5
We sought to capture the research productivity of each faculty member over the five-year period from 2012 to 2016.	3
Fifty years back in time, few scientists used computers to conduct their research.	0
Based on Freeman's approach, these measures were employed to analyze Iranian cancer researchers' co-authorship network.	3
The sample used in this study was generated from a title listing pulled from the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) in late 2013.	2
This content downloaded from 62.122.73.34 on Wed, 25 Jun 2014 00:29:36 AM	0
The CIT model was built using the R environment for statistical computing and the party package, both available from The Comprehensive R Archive Network (CRAN, http://CRAN.R-project.org/).	3
Based on this procedure, we collected 307,398 papers.	2
Significant gains in research output are associated with fields like advanced materials and health sciences for which generous external support is available.	4
The following subsections detail the search strategy used, the refinement actions applied, and the information extraction processes.	0
However, a global audience does not necessarily mean an English-fluent audience.	0
Essentially, the scholarly output of neurosurgeons with multiple profiles is severely undercounted.	5
Our objective was to apply data analytics techniques to see if these assumptions bore scrutiny.	1
Both PHI indices are in significant positive correlation with the h-index, partly because of their size-dependence.	4
Appendix I and Appendix II are available online at http:// cas.umkc.edu/economics/people/facultyPages/lee/.	0
This paper discusses the mining of key nodes from the flow of knowledge in science and technology journals to technology patents at the community level.	1
We accessed the academic research Twitter API database (v1.1) to retrieve and analyze relevant tweets to the K-Index.	3
The top 50 articles originated mainly from Shanghai(20), Guangzhou(13) and Beijing(6).	4
Our study provides broad implications for policymakers and the research evaluation community.	5
An examination of the relationship between economic complexity (Hidalgo and Hausmann 2009) and scientific productivity (Jaffe et al.	5
We discuss whether the population of French HCRs constitutes a scientific elite by examining the case of Mathematics.	1
Only about 20% of the researchers had well-balanced research outputs, with approximately equal contributions from grants, papers and supervision.	4
Hence, specific recommendations are given to researchers, educational institutions and prestigious databases advising them to review their working relations with those sorts of journals.	5
There exists ample literature on the design of indicators and models to evaluate websites of different domains.	0
One reason, research collaboration has received much attention by scholars because it is one of the social processes that help shape the evolution of research fields (De Solla 1963; de Solla Price and Beaver 1966; Beaver de and Rosen 1978; Frame and Carpenter 1979; Luukkonen et al.	0
Thus we find that σ(N) is well approximated by a power law over roughly three order of disciplinary area magnitude (from about 10 to 103 researchers), as expressed in (10): σ(N) = aN?β where a ≈ 0.38 ± 0.15 and β = 0.19 ± 0.09 (Fig.	4
On the contrary, the statistical values of NFindex are close.	4
Received March 3, 2010; revised May 7, 2010; accepted May 7, 2010	0
The first position is occupied by the University of Pennsylvania with a remarkable number of 101 papers, followed by Emory University—40 papers, and King Abdulaziz University—38 papers.	4
Peer review information Nature Biotechnology thanks Lutz Bornmann and the other, anonymous, reviewer(s) for their contribution to the peer review of this work.	0
The main objective of this study is to investigate the intellectual structure and evolution of author collaborations from articles published in the Strategic Management Journal between 1980 and 2014.	1
To analyze evolution over time, we compared two subperiods, 2002-2006 and 2007–2011.	2
For the purposes of our research, the most relevant projects are: IDEAS, which contains the bibliographic database; LogEc, which collects detailed information on authors' publications (journal and co-authors) as well as related statistics; Edirc, which contains a directory of economic institutions with their affiliated researchers and publications; and Genealogy, which can be thought of as an academic family tree for economists.	2
*Other 24 fields include agriculture, forestry, and fisheries, animal and dairy science, art, chemical engineering, chemical sciences, civil engineering, computer and information sciences, economics and business, electrical engineering, electronic engineering, information engineering, history and archaeology, industrial biotechnology, languages and literature, law, materials engineering, mathematics, mechanical engineering, media and communications, other agricultural sciences, other engineering and technologies, other humanities, other social sciences, philosophy, ethics and religion, political science, sociology	0
The low modularity in Dataset_2 shows that review papers' citations cannot clearly group all studies into research clusters.	4
Literature was retrieved online through the Thomson Reuters ISI Web of Science (WOS), Core Collection database.	2
The estimated impact factor 2013 is at 2.01.	4
We also demonstrate the predictive power of the h-index for top research performers in academic emergency medicine (EM).	1
More generally, these results show that the trends approaching universality in highly cited papers are not robust to changes in thresholds for defining high impact or high novelty articles, or with time, and may be the consequence of using a random model that has a poor fit to the observed data.	5
It was observed that being a member of large scientific teams and getting connected to productive researchers who have also a good control over the collaboration network and the flow of information can increase the chances for securing more money.	4
Altogether, 69 of the articles were from the USA (n = 41), the UK (n = 17), and Japan (n = 11).	4
where the integer k represents a time point in a discrete data series and ωc is the normalized cutoff frequency of the low-pass filter.	0
The retrieved articles (n=927, between 2010 and 2022) were analyzed in-depth using altmetric attention scores (AAS), and traditional metrics (citation numbers of articles, impact factor of journals, and other citation-based metrics).	2
In this experiment, we use the ACL Anthology Network dataset2 (AAN) (Radev et al., 2013), which is constructed from papers published in natural language processing venues (including journals, conferences and workshops from 1965 to 2011).	2
This study uses several quantitative techniques to enable a multidimensional analysis of 47 key business journals by analyzing the scientific communication patterns and structural influences of these journals.	1
Based on clusters obtained from the WoS and AL databases, both domestic and international TE research paid little attention to the dimension of “assessment,” with no clusters formed with high citation frequency in WoS.	5
Using the InCites database from Thomson-Reuters, we calculated a normalized citation impact for each grant by weighting each article for the number of citations it received normalizing for subject, article type, and year of publication.	2
In the case of Colombia, we found that collaborating with partners from the South yields the greatest impact on team productive capacity, and that collaborating with Northern countries contributes the most to team ability to add to local knowledge.	5
For this research, data were obtained for countries 33 countries in the Asiatic region as classified by SCImago and only the 22 countries that recorded a total number of scientific publications higher than 3,000 from 1996 to 2018 were included in the analysis.	2
The Information for Management, Planning, Analysis and Coordination database (IMPAC II) for NIH applications contains information about funded and unfunded applications that are maintained across time, providing a rich source of longitudinal data about investigators and projects.	2
Overall, this suggests that the impact of the highly selective Exzellenzinitiative may have been dampened by the reaction of funding obtained from other sources.	5
This paper makes an evaluation and comparison of influence on international Open Access (OA) between China and USA.	1
This study analyses 5290 publications in journals for the period 2006-2010.	1
First, we seek to develop visual data analytics as a means to identifying and characterizing digital nationality using Web archives.	1
KEYWORDS open access, institutional repositories, scholarly communication, academic libraries, electronic resources, digital libraries	0
There are frequent reports of an emerging field of science and technology which is commonly called Nanotechnology nowadays.	0
We also report on NIH's total funding portfolios, comparing surgeon-scientist funding to principal investigators (PIs) with PhDs only, and those with MDs, DOs, and/or MBBSs who are not surgeons (other physicians).	1
According to this concept, we first defined ‘Emerging Keywords (EKs)'as terms included in the top 5% by incremental rate within the Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) (Lowe & Barnett, 1994) attached to PubMed articles in a given year.	3
For each of the six timespans, the list of the most cited papers, published in the selected journals in that decade, was obtained from Web of Science.	2
Davis 1972, 260–62; Epstein and Levy 1995, 672).	4
We then classify as junior researchers scientists who are in their first 3 years of academic activity.	3
We also measure the disciplinary diversity of COVID-19 related papers published from January to December 2020; the disciplinary variety shows an upward trend, while the degree of disciplinary balance shows a downward trend.	3
This is more of a marriage that has undergone successful counseling or behavior modification, however, rather than an adversarial divorce.	0
In that case, the analysis undertaken here points to a possible line where a conflict is most likely to arise: Between models that attribute costs on the basis of full counting and those that are based on fractional counting.	5
We run standard OLS regressions to quantify the association between interdisciplinarity and the duration of peer review process at individual paper levels.	3
I ask, hence, why it is that scientists prefer to ‘pool' their contributions instead of keeping them separate, if what they pursue in their professional careers (besides epistemic goals) is individual recognition.	1
As of August 23, 2019 there are 544 publishers listed for review.	0
Exclusion criteria were (a) patents, books, manuals, and non-biomedical publications, and (b) conference abstracts and case reports.	2
In order to extract all types of scientific outputs of language and literature fields (fields and subcategories of university curriculum), articles aligned with the subject and research questions were purposefully searched and reviewed.	2
The results of this study show that non-source items significantly increase the number of publications (+1,350 %) and to a lesser extent the number of citations from SCIE, SSCI, and A&HCI (+150%) for evaluated political scientists.	4
click here to open the PDF version of your article in a new window.	0
In summary, the present study has made three contributions to understanding regarding the MAJ’s on-going success and future potential.	5
This resource includes a comprehensive listing of nursing journals, newsletters with helpful guidelines for writing and publishing, and much more.	0
To construct the networks we will define the nodes to be the researchers of the institution and the links between them will be given by the relations based on common articles1 or funded research projects.	3
The article will investigate the following questions: Has the level of publication activity per researcher changed over the period, and if so, for what groups of researchers (in terms of academic position and field)?	1
The purpose of this study is to examine the authorship patterns of research articles published in seven Scientific, Technical, Engineering, and Medical (STEM) library science journals.	1
The 1st principal component characterized the cited publications in high-impact journals indexed by the Web of Science.	4
In the meanwhile, the measure by the new index is weakly correlated with those by other methods, hence providing a different dimension to quantify similarities in co-occurrence data.	4
Fourth, participants' backgrounds (i.e., research discipline, academic rank, and type of affiliations) had significant effects on their responses regarding particular authorship issues; however, their gender did not have a significant effect.	4
Of the 251 authors participating, 87.65% published a single work, while three authors published four works.	4
Five versions of the ranking lists were used with randomized journal orders.	3
As our results suggest, some dimensions of proximity are important in explaining collaboration on the country level.	5
The aim of this study was to assess the thesis performance and publication output of a nationwide cohort of pathology residents from six graduating classes in France.	1
One of the authors is a member of the Joint Committee on Guides in Metrology (JCGM) Working Group 2 (VIM).	0
Necessarily, a central node is not physically in the centre of the network as degree of a node is calculated in terms of the number of its adjacent nodes.	0
The bibliometric analysis results indicated that the number of publications on the finite mixture model studies increased, especially after 2004.	5
Therefore, a standardized reporting process with structured retraction notices is desired.	5
Israel had 136 articles (62%) that received research funding, followed by Turkey and Iran with 604 (39%) and 284 (38%) articles.	4
Patterns of silos and ripple effect were identified.	4
1 RN2 of the journals considered for the definition of the weights	0
We analysed the temporal evolution of these collaborations, whether they were led by ERA or LAC teams, and which research domains they covered.	1
Data availability statement: The research data is made available as open data through Zenodo and can be downloaded from https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.7305477	0
Changes in the journal impact factor (JIF) were studied between 1997 and 2022, and this metric varied from a low of 1.24 (2006) to a high of 3.36 (2020).	4
Research technologies are an important driver of diversity in the knowledge base of a new science, and enable broadly scoped scientific investigations.	5
Only four journals met these criteria and were chosen for analysis: Gifted Child Quarterly, Roeper Review, High Ability Studies, and Journal for the Education of the Gifted.	2
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:404400 []	0
The data consisted of the indicators employed in twelve national and eight global ranking systems.	2
The number of researchers was equal to the number of males and females.	0
The BOGSAT group (Bunch of Old Geezers Sitting Around a Table) has decided to use its self-proclaimed expertise to weigh in on this issue.	1
Surprisingly, the bigger benefits of postdoctoral training were found in boosting scientists' chances of landing positions in acceptable departments, with the odds being 160% higher than those of scientists ending up in unrated programs.	4
Once this process was complete, a social network analysis software commonly used in scientometrics and social network studies – NetMiner – was employed to analyze and map the relevant publication data (see Liebowitz 2005; Park and Leydesdorff 2009).	3
For this purpose we have built two models: one for the persistence of the PhD organisation and one for the persistence of organisation(s) of the professional trajectory.	3
We follow the expenditure minimization (dual) approach as we do not have to specify the demand side of the market, and can therefore accommodate imperfect competition in product markets as well as price rigidities.	3
4, wherein each node color corresponds to different representative research groups of the respective universities.	0
A total of 655 publications were retrieved from WoS.	2
This bibliometric analysis of highly cited papers from India yields some interesting results.	5
The present paper is an attempt to assess the qualitative and quantitative research output of genetics research based on the distribution of publications in different sub-specialities of genetics.	1
From a policy perspective, we conclude that bibliographic analysis of the indexed literature is a useful technique that can augment our understanding of key regulatory issues such as scope of practice.	5
Is there a demographic dividend in scientific research akin to economic development?	1
JARE published twenty-nine articles in 2009 and twenty-seven articles in 2008, creating a denominator of 56.	0
We calculated genealogy vectors of a given subject for each edition using our variant of personalized page rank (PPR) algorithm (Jeh & Widom, 2003).	3
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=khvi20	0
Perhaps the most critical of these dimensions is the choice of reputation metric.	5
Hence, this study seeks to evaluate the relation between research funding status and clinical research papers' citation impact in different research fields using multiple evaluation indices.	1
The number of Mendeley readers presents the highest correlation (0.967) with citations (Fig.	4
This study provides a helpful reference for medical virologists, epidemiologist, policy decision makers, academics and Lassa fever researchers.	5
Using a systematic search strategy that combined author names and article keywords, we combed the literature to identify and characterize redundant publications related to these index articles.	3
The results show that reader features have a stronger impetus for the collection awakening phenomenon than collection features.	4
This finding reveals that inclusion of the newly constructed KP features may improve the overall classification prediction of future papers but depends on disciplines.	4
This study uses qualitative research methods: in-depth semi-structured interviews, followed by thematic content analysis.	3
the attraction of more than one of these grants by the same individual.	3
All authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.	0
We are in the data, a familiarity offering advantages—guiding us to relevant documents and helping us interpret them.	0
One is the budgets of university libraries, and the other is user demands within the academic community.	0
In order to ensure informant anonymity when discussing what was said in the interviews, we use pseudonyms in the reminder of this paper.	0
In conclusion, the current study provides normative data including new metrics now available for researchers to track the quantity, quality, and impact of their outputs.	5
*Corresponding author: Pooja Bhatia, Foundation for Innovation and Technology Transfer, Indian Institute of Technology Delhi, Haus Khas, New Delhi-110016, India, e-mail: poojabhatia.fitt@gmail.com	0
Like many of the institutional policies examined in the research literature, ESU's institution-level policy manual contains all university policy related to academics and personnel.	2
We started constructing our qualitative study by analysing and coding two public statements published in the academic press by representatives of history and biology panels using NVivo.	3
Surprisingly, they found the simultaneous release of two antagonistic substances, glutamate and GABA, from individual nerve cells.	4
In a previous paper,1 I developed a statistical criterion for the reliability of differences between the mean citation frequencies of two sets of papers and showed that sometimes statistically unjustified conclusions have been drawn in the past.	0
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
The timeframe is set to the period of 2009–2021 to include the starting point of the first national policy.	2
To estimate diversity, we follow Jacquemin and Berry (1979) and use entropy as a measure.	3
Overall, this study reveals the positive attitudes of authors on A&I databases irrespective of their subject domains.	5
To analyze trends of finite mixture model including publication performance, the most productive journals, critical articles, and the most influential keywords.	1
Received March 3, 2013; revised April 26, 2013; accepted April 29, 2013	0
We provide evidence for a positive marginal effect of online access via OARE on publication output by 29.6% with confidence interval (18.5%, 40.6%) using the most conservative specification.	4
Competition for project funding has probably been the driving force behind the rationalization of grant proposals.	5
We used two datasets to explore the degree to which the NACP is a community of practice that has fostered the goals to expand the program’s disciplinary focus, as set out in the 2011 NACP plan: the NACP project database and a bibliographic dataset from the Web of Science.	2
Received 1 September 2017; revised 6 September 2017; accepted 6 September 2017	0
Downloaded from http://jac.oxfordjournals.org/ at SUNY Health Science Center at Brooklyn - Medical Research Library on March 17, 2015	0
For identifying the crucial factors that had supported and hindered the process of jointly developing and writing the papers, we used an integration method called the story wall (Smit 2005).	3
To analyse the thematic distribution of duplicated articles, we used information on thematic headings to which the journals are assigned in the eLIBRARY.RU database.	3
A paired samples t-test was used to identify whether there was a difference in the plagiarised post ratios before and after feedback was provided.	3
We extracted emerging terms and calculated emergence scores from the 2003 to 2012 corpus by using VantagePoint (a text mining software—www.theVantagePoint.com) and relevant scripts provided by the Science, Technology, and Innovation Policy (STIP) program group at Georgia Tech.	3
We categorize the literature into useful topics and article types and enable analysis of the contents, pace, and emphasis of research during the crisis with integration of Altmetric data.	1
Against this background and focusing on biomedical publications, the current study's objective was a large-scale bibliometric, retrospective, quantitative per-year analysis of authorship of publications listed in the PubMed3 database.	1
For the UK, the Quacquarelli Symonds (QS) and Times Higher Education (THE) rankings were used to determine how many universities are equivalent in global ranking to the 115 US universities.	2
In this paper, however, for the sake of simplicity, we just name them as "countries" in the following sections.	0
RAE 2008 profile—to cover the whole range of RAE quality outcomes; 4.	3
Finally, Spearman correlation analysis was performed for the Top 50 titles for all three journal impact measure values compiled for all 10 years in this study.	3
Elgendi specializes in bridging the areas of engineering, computer science, psychology, and medicine for knowledge translation.	0
Econometric results revealed that spatial, economic, political, and R&D bias factors did have a significant impact on the frequency of biomedical R&D cooperation across cities.	4
This table shows the 45 journals in our analysis and their JCR journal quality metrics.	0
The author is in debt to the Fund for Scientific Research—Flanders (FWO—Flanders, Brussels) for a generous research grant, and to the Institute of Scientific Information (ISI), for the permission to use data from a sample database of the Institutional Citation Reports.	0
The research concludes that the mandate, and the pressure it places on the relationship between the researcher and the institution, is highlighting unspoken tensions in this relationship.	5
The data obtained from this search were exported to a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet located in Redmond, WA, USA.	3
Our study explores the evolution of IB research by European academic institutions.	1
Logistic regression applied to explore the effect of institutional status on leading authors, AACSB accreditation, and documents in OA, showed that institutional status significantly predicted whether the institution was accredited by the AACSB [x2(1, N=204) = 3.15, p = .00] (Table 3).	3
The notion of acknowledgements as "super-citations", originally prompted by Edge (1979), is certainly a suggestive and rational proposal in the humanities that relies on the assumption that acknowledgements reflect intellectual influence that might be greater than that of some referenced authors.	5
Then, the performance can be checked with the following indicators: precision, recall and F1 score (Liu et al., 2014).	3
In the main body of the paper, only the final results are presented.	0
As an alternative to this normalization approach, various percentile approaches (plotting positions, PPs, and percentile ranks, PRs) have been proposed.	3
Our sample (N = 25,463) included all the university professors holding at least a doctoral degree and employed in 85 research-involved universities, grouped into 27 disciplines with all their Scopus-indexed publications (158,743 articles).	2
To assemble our corpus, we followed the search strategy proposed by Hou et al.	2
Two authors independently surveyed a freely accessible, constantly updated version of the original Beall lists of potential, possible, or probable predatory publishers and standalone journals.	3
Los análisis estadísticos se efectuaron mediante el software IBM SPSS 23.	3
The correlation between the 2007 TS (4 year window) score and the APT is 0.37 (p < 0.001), suggesting that these indicators are related, but also that they capture somewhat distinct aspects of the paper’s translational characteristics.	4
A concept of fractional authorship (the claiming of credit for authorship by more than one individual) helps to clarify this issue by providing a more complete picture of research activities.	1
The papers are ordered with cited times from high to low.	0
Mantel-Haenszel test of trend to the Carnegie Classification found a positive and significant association among institution rankings (r=0.492, x2(1)=26.69, p<0.001).	4
A single peak paper was published in the journal Information.	4
We measured the time between publication and retraction in terms of months.	3
Furthermore, the higher rejection rate under competitive conditions does not improve the average quality of published contributions, because more high-quality work is also rejected.	4
The overarching research question we tackle in this work is: What type of content do computer scientists share on Twitter?	1
Data were initially compiled for 169 journals—all those included in one or more of the journal rankings shown in Tables 1 and 2.	2
The main objectives of our analysis were: 1.	1
Besides the analysis of highly cited articles to learn about the classic articles and intellectual base of the L&P research domain, an attempt is made to detect research emphases and trends of the study field.	1
To test the H4, we extracted the data for all grants approved by the Swiss National Science Foundation in the field of chemistry, for the years 2003–2009.	2
Inspired by the Chi and Glanzel (2017a, b), we calculated the following indicators: Mean usage counts (MUC) U1 and MUC U2, and Mean citations (MC).	3
The second track of analysis was more inductive, looking for themes across the interviews.	3
This paper analyses the influence of a Brazilian institution delivering the corresponding author on its scientific citation impact, distinguishing between its collaborative papers with foreign institutions and those resulting from national collaboration.	1
The analytical results showed the model fitted the data well (GFI = 0.97; CFI = 0.99; RMSEA = 0.037).	4
This content downloaded from 169.229.32.137 on Thu, 8 May 2014 23:44:37 PM	0
The aims of this study were to analyze publication trends relating to the top 5 commonly performed aesthetic surgical procedures; and to assess the origins (source specialty, authorship, institutions and countries) of published aesthetic surgical research.	1
The purpose of this study is to investigate the trend of LIS doctoral dissertation topics in China and to reveal whether LIS doctoral supervision correlates with the variation tendency in LIS.	1
The individual scientist, rather than the individual article, is the unit of analysis.	3
Percentages corresponding to each error type are indicated, rounded to the nearest single digit.	0
Next, papers citing them were screened for cases of misattribution of gender of the cited author.	3
For each discipline, the overlap between those researchers who are among the top 100 in WoS and the top 100 in VIP (hereafter referred to as the overlap rate) was calculated based on the formula: Overlap rate = N min(100, Tv, Tw)	3
We collected PMC OA data in March 2018.	2
(2) What are the attributes of the co-authorship network formed by learning and instruction researchers in the AP region?	1
A specific software tool (LICIEXAM or LInear CIrcuits EXAM) was developed, to allow each student to receive a different exam version.	3
With the aim of knowing the actual state of research activity at a global level within the “Agronomy” category from Web of Science, first a wide general study was carried out.	0
Yet, Google Scholar has risen to prominence as a measure that is transparent, easily accessible, and a relatively simple platform.	5
Finally, 8,621 authors are selected to form the author set in the analysis of “Scientific Collaboration before and after Ph.D.	2
With the comparable data of OA and non-OA articles from the same journal, we could make a better comparative analysis between OA and non-OA articles.	0
Moreover, while molecular biology and cancer dominate retractions, we also see a number of retractions not related to biology.	4
We limited our data sample to peer-reviewed journal articles in recognized base journals.	2
To be able to account for potential small hits unrelated to plagiarism, additional data sets leaving out small sources <2% similarity were also generated.	3
We compared the three dominant colors of each sub-domain and the three colors of the flag of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (blue, white, and red).	3
Hence the 24 journals listed in Thomson Reuters Web of Science in the subject category "Medical Informatics" were chosen [14].	2
However, the doctoral supervisor has an extremely limited influence on the position of the Ph.D.	4
The top 20 journals with the highest impact factor according to the 2014 Journal Citation Report were selected from three fields: Information Science & Library (LIS), Sociology (Socio), and Physics, Fluids & Plasma (Phys).	2
However, the rest of the journals have a rather erratic behaviour.	4
Notes.—Categorical data are presented as numbers of studies with percentages in parentheses.	0
Expectation-based cross-national referencing behavior will now be discussed for superconductivity, plasma physics, and MHD topics separately.	0
We constructed a fake paper for participants to review, and showed different versions of the paper to the different groups.	2
Interval ratios for each document type were calculated year-by-year as a percentage number.	3
The citation impact of the EE countries is smaller than the world average (which is represented by the value of 1), both for science in general (Fig.	4
Table 1 is the same as their Table 3 and is the basis for their (tentative) belief that editorial policies are	0
The resulting ENRICH list of 250 chemicals can be utilized moving forward in human studies evaluating the potential impacts of xenobiotics on brain development and function, with particular relevance to early childhood populations.	5
* The Acadia Institute's Project on Professional Values and Ethical Issues in the Graduate Education of Scientists and Engineers was cosponsored by the American Association for the Advancement of Science's Committee on Scientific Freedom and Responsibility, the Council of Graduate Schools, and Sigma Xi.	0
Hereafter, "social impact" refers to the net effect of citations on a network: A scholarly paper exerts direct and indirect influence on other articles (by citing articles and by articles that cite citing articles) and is itself influenced directly and indirectly (by references and references of references).	1
It is examined whether the number (J) of (joint) publications of a “main scientist” with her/his coauthors ranked according to rank (r) importance, i.e.	1
In this article, I use examples from the current context of science's complex and dynamic culture to motivate and illuminate what I will call the reference class problem for credit valuation in science.	1
This paper explores the internal structure and development trend of the JCEM journal, which not only provides an important reference for the future development of this journal, but also provides an effective analysis method for the future evaluation of journals.	1
The dataset made available in this paper consists of identified Finland-based scholar's mobility (location and disciplinary focus) over 10 years (2008–2018).	1
The IP is determined by the computation of the absolute advantage coefficient (AAC) or the dimension coefficient [37–39] in Equation (6).	3
We also evaluated how successfully the peer-review process at TI identified and accepted the most promising manuscripts for publication.	1
All metrics are strongly and significantly correlated, they exhibit different characteristics that may help us to select appropriate metrics for different purposes.	5
The main empirical material in the present study included 14 semi-structured interviews (13 hours 8 minutes, 94 pages) combining face-to-face, telephone, and email communication.	2
Therefore, this study aimed to provide a deeper understanding of the intertwined nature of scientific collaboration on geographic, social, and technological dimension through addressing the following three questions:	1
In this paper, we propose a multi-source information harvesting CRIS to address the challenges confronted by research institutions' management staff when the participation of their faculty to compile research data in their information systems is insufficient.	1
The main goal of this study was to evaluate the research structure on the global warming topic through the assessment of the indicators of scientific productivity, impact and collaboration between researchers, institutions and countries.	1
For analysis, the highly-cited articles themselves were removed from the data set (so as to not skew the data in favor of the highly-cited article issues); thus, only the other articles in highly-cited article issues, not the highly-cited article itself, were compared to all articles in issues without a highly-cited article.	3
Following Griffin (2011), and as developed by Waugh and Ruppel (2004), the formula used to determine the highest weighted serials was: W = (T/D) × C, where W is the weighted impact, T is the number of students who used a particular serials title, D is the total number of dissertations analyzed (50 in the current study), and C is the total number of citations for each serials title.	3
Our analysis gives mechanistic insights into the dynamics of WNV infection and produces estimates of viral characteristics that are difficult to measure experimentally.	5
Two data sources were selected: PubMed, an open-access international database of medical journals and IndMed, an open-access database of Indian medical journals.	2
It takes an integrated and fine-grained view of self-citations by examining them via multiple lenses polarity, density, and location of citations.	1
We discuss the implications of external motivations that influence the direction of research audit exercises where the definition of the criteria is untested, unclear, and unfamiliar to evaluators, as well as discuss the suitability of peer review as an evaluation tool.	5
The first is that they bring their perspectives and experiences to broaden and enrich the panel discussions, especially on the topics of national and local beneficiaries and contextual pathways of impact: what Watermeyer and Hedgecoe (2016, 661) call 'folk impact'.	5
The results show that uncertainties exist, affecting countries where data are problematic, or suffering from missing values, or where the research system is highly complex, and the decomposition of performance orientation needs to rely on experts' appreciation, as it is embedded in soft negotiated instruments rather than in formalized allocation formulas.	5
An extrapolation of these trends suggests that China will probably pass the U.S. to lead the world in 2018.	4
For example, we note the following numbers of publications in our data set over our seven time intervals: (a) 297 articles published between 1978–1985, (b) 329 articles published between 1986–1990, (c) 406 articles published between 1991- 1995, (d) 498 articles published between 1996–2000, (e) 511 articles published between 2001–2005, (f) 845 articles published between 2006-2010, and (g) 1,347 articles published between 2011-2015.	0
Early adoption of laser technology research was especially prevalent in large agglomerations.	4
Based on the findings reported herein, we conclude that top departments and institutions place a premium on sole-authored work, at least in fields where sole authorship remains a mode of production, because this form of output likely evinces distinction by way of scholarly identity and ability that reify the very distinctiveness of those departments and institutions.	5
The highest h-index value among Central Universities is obtained by DU (h-index value of 49) followed by BHU (h-index value of 48).	4
The quantitative relationships among Ulrichs, JCR, SJR, and GS are presented in Fig.	0
* Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University, Blacksburg, VA 24061 (USA)	0
Received May 22, 2011; revised July 16, 2011; accepted July 18, 2011	0
The criteria for data collection were that articles must be related to health law and published in Chinese.	2
The 6 high-impact basic and clinical journals were Cell, Science, and Nature (with impact factors of 31.96, 31.03 and 38.60, respectively) and JAMA, Lancet, and the New England Journal of Medicine (impact factors of 29.98, 39.06 and 51.66).	2
The analysis focuses on the evaluation of the (inter) national orientation of Central European Social Science journals indexed in the period 2012 – 2015.	1
Quality of the journal and speed of the review process were important factors across all four journals.	4
(1) What types of data errors may occur in news altmetrics data?	1
In less than 2% of cases, the retracted articles appear as retracted in the text or reference list, while the negative citation is observed in 4.84% among manuscripts reporting an US diagnostic method and 0.32% among manuscripts reporting a diagnostic method other than US (P-value = 0.0004).	4
Going forward, our plan is to continue developing the platform in line with user feedback and usability studies.	5
See Table 3 for the correspondence between the acronyms used and those considered in JCR listings.	0
The results show that each country has experienced distinct evolutions of higher education research, both in terms of the number of publications and thematic diversity.	4
The networks induced by the term co-occurrence pattern analysis seem to show a rather clear map of e-health research.	5
This explains the convex and concave graphs in Waltman et al.	4
Our strategy in the empirical part of the paper for deducing the unobservable distribution from the observable rating scheme is to reverse engineer the optimal solution for the RSB objective.	3
For the PMC OAS collection, we approximated the advantage in computational efficiency to be on the order of 3.6 × 104, that is, 14.7 hours for the CbPD approach compared with ~140 years for character-based approaches.	4
Compared to the global community, the gastroenterology and hepatology research in mainland China remains having lower impact.	5
Research articles published by the journal Lancet between 2000 and 2019 were selected as the study sample (n = 6098).	2
Because impact factor was not normally distributed, we used a Mann-Whitney test to compare impact factor between journals with a policy and those without.	3
This study assigns accessibility scores of 2, 1, and 0 for gratis, libre, and fee-for-access literature (respectively) to determine if differences in the effectiveness of retraction exist among them.	3
Based on the identified reasons, authors alone and other entities were disclosed as being accountable in 6861 and 457 retraction notices, respectively.	2
The fields of Social Sciences; Physics & Astronomy; Biochemistry, Genetics & Molecular Biology; Earth & Planetary Sciences; and Arts & Humanities have a moderate tendency.	5
Finally, in order to avoid bad practices found in the inclusion of URLs in patents, a list of recommendations to cite online resources from patents is provided.	5
In response, this study investigates the average citation level of articles with one to four authors published in 1995, 1998, 2001, 2004 and 2007 in 19 social science disciplines.	1
In order to differentiate between types of citations, we apply an interpretive coding scheme of citing behavior (Bornmann & Daniel, 2008).	3
Firstly, the publication record of Singapore suggests that the impact of Singapore in the biomedical field is smaller than that of South Korea and Taiwan in terms of the number of publications.	5
We thank seminar participants at Australia National University, University of Colorado Boulder, and Colorado State University.	0
The search was made from PubMed, Google Scholar, Turkish (TR) Index, and Scopus using the “article name” or “article name, first author’s name and surname” or “first author’s name and surname, keywords”.	3
In case of the shifted Lotka function (25) we have that s(x) = μ if and only if	4
Boxplots with large number of outliers indicate that there are few authors with high collaboration measures	0
We see that a2 at 1.00 has the lowest score, and a1 at 1.667 has the next higher score.	4
Ten percent of AEPs had h/(years in publication) of 0.5 or greater.	4
It is possible that there is a difference between undergraduate preferences and graduate student or professor preferences.	5
In such a way, besides the small difference arising from the slightly different σ values, all the curves collapse into a single master curve, indicating how, at a macro-level, all the LHS disciplines follow a common publication production pattern, being the “productivity”, here represented by the median ξ, the only discipline-dependent quantity.	4
The primary strategy identified 618 scholars using the Science-Metrix journal classification system of 176 subfields.	3
Linear regression analysis was used to evaluate the annual trend of articles from all around the world and the top five countries between 2011 and 2020.	3
Since the benefits of stratification rely on that ratio being high, it is impossible to show that stratification has the benefits hitherto ascribed to it.	5
In all three cases we use the hierarchical classification of scientific publications developed at CWTS based on direct citation relationships.	3
We can see that our models outperform NatComm19 in terms of all quantity metrics in all subsets of the test data.	4
We apply event history analysis to analyze career and publication data of virtually all political scientists in German university departments, showing that each published refereed journal article increases a political scientist's chance for tenure by 9 percent, while other publications affect the odds for tenure only marginally and in some cases even negatively.	1
Our data suggest that there are limits to the advantages of adding people and that diversity may be applied better in smaller, more manageable groups than in larger groups.	5
Synergies between FIC programs and research grants helped to solidify and maintain research collaborations.	4
The discussion section tends to contain more recent references when compared with the other sections.	4
SCImago Journal & Country Rank was selected to obtain the data on privileged environmental engineering journals.	2
Authors were divided into three groups: academics, practitioners, and students.	3
This study found that the total number of highly cited studies related to COVID-19 peaked at the end of 2021 and showed a downward trend until the end of 2022, while the origin of these studies shifted from China to the US and UK.	5
This study proposes a new measure of originality building on the network betweenness centrality concept (Borgatti and Everett 2006; Freeman 1979) and measures the originality of a scientific paper based on the directed citation network between its references and subsequent papers citing the focal paper.	1
Therefore, a positive correlation means that higher academic performance is associated with higher external influence.	0
Only two other African countries Uganda (12.97%; n = 1 921) and Kenya (10.71%; n = 1 586) produced more than 10% of these publications.	4
Regarding the field design, the survey technique was applied through a structured questionnaire for populations made up of second grade primary school students, parents, and teachers of the institution.	3
Seminal and topically-similar papers were found to be the most critical instances of citations often missed by authors.	5
What are the changes in international collaboration as measured by multiple authorship in the field of educational technology over the past 50 years?	1
Representation of citation performance for all forms of publication as a median value reduces this metric, particularly journals that have high JIFs.	4
Then, the citation of each article based on all three databases for various subject areas was found to show the relationship between subjects, type of the journal and the related metrics.	3
The data was gathered from the Web of Science (WoS) database and the following search string was executed: WC = (Information Science & Library Science) Countries: China, Brazil, India, South Africa, Russia, Document Type: Article, Time-Span=2013-2022 (Figure 2).	2
Herein, we used the Welch ANOVA to test whether the means of the two groups were equal.	3
The study's conclusions showed that all of the participants benefited from OA and that they were all aware of its application for disseminating scientific information.	4
(2008), which did not include Eastern institutions because their cultural profile is completely different from Brazil’s.	0
In this attempt to assess how external hyperlinks on health news websites guide users to other health-related information on the net, the 254 identified websites were content analyzed using SPSS and visualized in a networked structure using Gephi.	3
Literature about the scholarly impact of scientific research offers very few contributions on private sector research, and the comparison with public sector.	1
Similarly, H2: Self-efficacy was positively related to plagiarism and the relationship was also statistically significant with a β-value of 0.112.	4
For research topic generation, we train keywords occurrence network embedding and word embedding to represent the structural and semantic features, while each keyword is represented using the concatenated vector of these two embeddings.	3
The Stanford Topic Modeling Toolbox (Stanford TMT: http://nlp.stanford.edu/downloads/tmt/tmt-0.4/) was used to perform the topic modeling.	3
Forty-seven retracted articles were identified for this study.	2
(2) Has research collaboration among the G-20 countries increased during the last 20 years, and how has the relative intensity of collaboration changed?	1
Our purpose here is to avoid duplicate entries for the same author.	0
In this study, the number of publications is used as an index to measure the output of national scientific research and the number of collaborative publications is used as an index to measure ISC.	3
Therefore, the objective of this study is to understand the evolution and trends of scientific studies dealing with animal genetic resources and climate change.	1
As a broader analysis for area studies librarianship, these studies prove that preconceived ideas about foreign language usage from general citation studies do not provide a reliable template, specifically for books and journals.	5
Veterinary Ophthalmology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of American College of Veterinary Ophthalmologists.	0
What is so serious about the development we now see is that trust and confidence in academic publishing is undermined.	5
In Figure 5a, the keyword “sustainability” (green-colored circle), “sustainable entrepreneurship" (red-colored) and “sustainable development” (blue-colored) had the strongest strength out of all items, linked exclusively with “ecopreneurship,” “social entrepreneurship” and “corporate sustainability";	4
Author's gender was predicted using comparisons with first names provided in the EPC data with gender-name frequencies in the genderize.io database (based on a large database of known gender-name combinations from social media profiles).	3
As can be seen in Table 4, the most studied topic by authors in the publications in the EAIT journal is "Technology acceptance" (f=20.6%).	4
The largest number of articles associated with khat was from the UK (15.2 %), followed by Yemen (10.3 %), the USA (9.7 %) and Ethiopia (9.1 %).	4
If impact is quantified in terms of presentation at high-quality conferences, rather than mean numbers of citations per publication, then China again lags far behind the USA: for example, in data mining, only 21.6 percent of the 1013 Chinese conference presentations in 2009 were at conferences graded A-C in the CORE listings, where as the corresponding figure for the USA was as high as 52.3 percent, and the Chinese percentages for the other two subject areas were even lower (see Table 8).	5
1 John Glenn College of Public Affairs, The Ohio State University, Columbus, OH 43210, USA	0
The findings highlight the collaborative relationships among Nobel laureates (Jin et al., 2021) and suggest that collaborative relationships act as a mediator in the link between the breadth of their research areas and their overall scientific productivity.	5
Hence, first-time citations are more likely to be enumerative citations than the succeeding citations.	4
The analysis also provides evidence that there is “diversity" across all the measures, with different patterns in each measure.	5
Furthermore, author-themes coupling network was mapped with the help of Netdraw in order to detect the relationship between core authors and research themes of OA as well as the core authors' influence on these themes.	3
For the full sample, the following regressors are statistically significant: standardized average number of publications per faculty, standardized average GRE quantitative score, program size (Q3 and Q4, both in reference to Q1), the binary indicator for public university, and dummy for high-ranked university (in reference to low).	4
Our data provide evidence for increased scientific and public engagement with preprints related to COVID-19 (COVID-19 preprints are accessed more, cited more, and shared more on various online platforms than non-COVID-19 preprints), as well as changes in the use of preprints by journalists and policymakers.	4
The first is the Korean Intellectual Property Rights Information Services (KIPRIS), which provides a web-based patent document search service from the Korean Intellectual Property Office (KIPO).	2
How does the academic influence of algorithms based on the network features change?	1
Snapshot of Landscapes within Edith Cowan University's institutional repository (Research Online) using Digital Commons as the host.	0
First, the authors present a literature review on research collaborations and gender.	0
In contrast, some themes like parallel computing, network modeling and big data analytic techniques have lost their popularity in recent years.	4
The results reveal a center-periphery structure of the network consistent with World System theory.	5
Our findings confirm the skewness of citations within journals and the fact that a halo effect is in place.	5
On January 3, 2017 (data last updated in the WoS: 2017-01-02), article titles were searched for term “open access journal”.	2
In addition, considering that, in the analysed period, WoS does not fully include FA for Arts & Humanities and Social Sciences, these areas had a very low representation.	0
Our model, presented in Sections 2 and 3, is a variant of a knowledge production function first introduced to the literature by Griliches (1979), and the data we analyze on invention disclosures are discussed in Section 4.	3
The illustrated scenarios are described easily using a first-order predicate logic, where concepts like authors and papers are connected by corresponding relations.	3
The fax machine, which took off in the eighties as a method for document exchange between businesses (Negroponte, 1995), was later used for mass marketing.	0
The results shown in Table 6 reveal large position swaps in both classifications (e.g., by computing the ratio of the the last column (P90) over the second one (N), we realize that 10% of the institutions in each subject suffer a rank change of about 30% of the total number of universities included in the sample), uncovering differences in both ranking methodologies in spite of the observed significant correlations between them.	4
In more formal wording (thankfully acknowledged to one of the referees of the paper): X* = argminx (G(X) – X).	3
The breakdown of these according to the different types of publication appears in Table 5.	0
Instead, they are being used by scientists to perform quality control and to filter out bad science.	4
The findings of the study further indicated the crucial need for revisiting the present system of career advancement for Principal Scientists as the results of a t-test failed to produce a significant value of productivity difference between the Principal Scientists and Senior Scientists.	4
Further examination discloses that this positive U-shaped relationship is notably influenced by team size.	5
The leading institution was University of Florida with 46 times listed as an affiliation in the selected STEM LIS journals (N = 590) followed by the University of Arkansas (30), University of Tennessee (30), Nanjing Agricultural University (28), NYU (22), Augusta University (18), University of Minnesota (18), and Stony Brook University (17).	4
In this study, articles published were analyzed; titles were searched using the term “institutional repositories."	3
Risk of bias analysis was performed using the RoB2 tool.	3
This does not appear to be a pattern of cognitive dependence although it occurs within the context of a global science that is characterized by a remarkable inequality.	5
Amongst all titles indexed in the 'neuroimaging' category in JCR, Neuro-Image and Human Brain Mapping have been two of the best-performing neuroimaging journals and they supplemented relevant research outputs to the medical imaging field such as brain connectivity and pathological structural change of a patient's brain.	5
We will rely on a quasi-structural approach to identify unobserved elements of the production process.	3
Acknowledgements We would like to express our gratitude to Altmetric.com for providing the dataset.	0
Applying the h-index to Ellison's (2013) data, both before and after reducing the macroeconomists' citations by a factor of 1.8, we find that 95 percent of them experience at least one pairwise ranking change with another macroeconomist	4
We conclude that forty is the most productive age of the management scholars in Taiwan, and the eligible age thirty-eight for applying for the Columbus Program of NSTC is reasonable from the viewpoint of management studies.	5
We therefore propose the adoption of a modular publication system to improve (WOP) publishing experiences.	5
From 1945 to 2010, the average CD index declined by more than 90 percent for research manuscripts, and from 1980 to 2010, by more than 78 percent for patents.	4
In total, manuscript published in 10 journals of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, either recognized by the Higher Education Commission or Pakistan Medical Commission, in the years 2018 and 2019 were included in the present research.	2
The research method used in this article is bibliometric analysis.	3
First, we briefly explore the rise of the numbers-led governance that drove the expansion of neoliberal ‘governmentality' – a term from philosopher Michel Foucault that encapsulates the specific ways through which today's government works.	3
Setting up these various routes resulted in the following usage percentages: roughly 40% of our visitors go directly to the OAPEN site, another 40% of our visitors reach us via search engines and the rest are referred through other websites.	4
The Research Excellence Framework articles had been assessed by at least two peer reviewers with the most relevant expertise from within the UoA subpanel team (as decided by the UoA chair).	2
For each journal I used the citing journal matrix.	2
Results for citations (language) were obtained by agglomerative hierarchical clustering, applying the group average method [36] to Dcite(i, j) (Dlang(i, j)).	3
For any scientific impact index f : X → N, the following three statements are pairwise equivalent.	4
All subjects who obtained the qualification for associate or full professor in the AHP scientific field (coded as ‘06/N1') (Gatti et al., 2014) were included in the study.	2
The NIH ATP had a large impact on attendees’ careers on both the intensive and extensive margins.	5
In this article, examples are drawn from a recent empirical study and others to illustrate how these issues can become amplified within the context of multi-platform social media studies.	1
It is also important that the discipline-specific distance ratio (DSDR), that is, the ratio that reflects the differences between the APVs regarding a particular discipline must be incorporated into the recalibrated minimum values.	3
Population and gross domestic product (GDP) data were gathered from the World Data Bank website.	2
In conclusion, this study highlights the prevalence of intentional errors as the main reason for the retraction of medical publications.	5
In this case, the average uncitedness rate was 8.2%, increasing by quartiles from 1.7% in Q1 to 6.2% in Q2, 13.0% in Q3 and 27.4% in Q4 (Fig.	4
is the average number of citations per paper published in 1999 in that field.	0
By using this website, you agree to our terms of use.	0
Domains returned by the three search engines compared (r = 0.65, 0.69, 0.83).	0
Data on the biomedical publications originating from GCC countries published between January 2011 to December 2013 was searched via MEDLINE using PubMed.	2
Novelty is an essential feature of creative ideas, yet the building blocks of new ideas are often embodied in existing knowledge.	1
(2003), with the Croatian versions validated and further developed by Katavic et al.	2
Compared to dermatologists without a Ph.D., those with a Ph.D.	4
Can a relatively short but intense exposure to frontier research alter the career trajectories of potential innovators?	1
The 100 articles with the highest local citation scores were selected for bibliometric analysis; summarizing informetric indicators; and preparing a historiography, themes network, and key word co-occurrence map.	2
We extracted data from ScholarOne (on 19 December 2014) for all "standard" papers submitted to Functional Ecology between 2004 and 2013 (inclusive).	2
Editors can learn from our findings that their journal is likely to achieve a higher impact factor if the articles published in their journals have titles which are easy to understand and not so long that readers get bored when reading them.	5
The systematic reviews selected for this study were all new reviews that included at least six studies and that were published in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews during September 2015.	2
Only the BMJ offered conflicts of interest disclosures for prolific science writers in its website, but even then only 2 of the 25 massively prolific authors disclosed potential conflicts with some specificity.	4
Using Clarivate's Web of Science, Elsevier's Scopus, Google Scholar, and publicly available curriculum vitae (CV), we recorded each faculty member's professional data, including their year of first publication, awarded degrees, and h-indices.	2
Table 6 presents the Wilcoxon rank sum tests for the Frequent and Infrequent producers for each citation measurement using the Google Scholar database.	3
In this paper, we use the complete career path of the researchers without any time limit imposed.	0
Nearly 37% of all articles count as international publications, i.e., as being co-authored by authors from affiliations of multiple countries.	4
Papers (articles and review papers) were analysed separately and compared in terms of their citedness, the count of authors, the count of author affiliations, and the count of funding acknowledgements.	3
This scientometric study examined the US' and China's international collaboration patterns on science and engineering (S&E) COVID-19 articles through the lenses of scientific nationalism and scientific globalism.	1
AUTHOR CONTRIBUTIONS Conceptualization: AJ, TH; Investigation and Case Comparison: AJ; Writing: AJ, TH.	0
2, but I think what is important is the assumption that scientific works are essentially arguments.	5
Details of the funding sources were obtained from the WoS for papers from 2009–13.	3
We build on Zitt and Bassecoulard (1998, 1999), who suggested journals' internationalization indicators based on bibliometric data and the procedure to derive globalization for the whole country and discipline.	3
The composite indicator was based on multi-stage regression analysis, using probit analysis instead of a linear regression model because the dependent variable is binary.	3
This study investigated whether specific characteristics of review papers induce different results in citation-based analysis.	1
The result of that study is being refereed for publication elsewhere.	0
The model we use is a representation of papers' quartile division in the form of some equilibrium, "level zero”, with deviations from it caused by a set of factors.	3
The title and abstract of the medical thesis for each pathology resident were identified using the national internet database of university theses (www.sudoc.abes.fr), and the Interuniversity Library of Health and Medicine database (https://u-paris.fr/bibliotheques/biu-sante-medecine).	2
Based on this network, we propose a novel metric, namely the spatial research leadership rank, to identify the leading institutions while considering both the collaboration intensity and the spatial features.	1
12b) can be found in Prabhakaran et al.	4
To obtain comprehensive networks of scholars, we first extracted the journal list from the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) Web of Science (WoS) Master Journal list, where 288 journals from the WoS core collection (Science Citation Index Expanded, Social Sciences Citation Index, Arts & Humanities Citation Index, and Emerging Sources Citation Index) in the business category were collected.	2
The estimated global revenues from APC among major publishers now exceed 2 billion US dollars annually.	4
We searched publications on biomedical research in the Web of Science using the search terms “COVID-19,” “SARS-Cov-2,” “2019 corona*," "corona virus disease 2019," "coronavirus disease 2019," "novel coronavirus infection" and "2019-ncov."	2
We find that internal collaborations do not occupy a large proportion of the whole collaboration set, only less than 0.4 from the numerical statistical results.	4
To analyse the characteristics of author and institution networks, we exported dataset details to Endnote (Clarivate Analytics, USA) and R (R Core Team, Austria), using R packages ggplot2 [16], ggrepel [17] and Circlize [18].	3
Accordingly, the two methodologies underlying this analysis—the use of the JSTOR database, and the more theoretical treatment of citation trajectories using diffusion models—are promising tools of bibliometric analysis, with applications beyond the realm of the history of economic thought.	5
To this end, we develop a non-overlapping generation model to evidence the theoretical idea of research externalities between academic institutions.	3
Using this data a workflow is developed to create scientific networks.	1
We also shed light on the varying popularity of specific research areas, as derived from the ACM's Special Interest Groups and IEEE classifications.	1
Between 2003 and 2013, 73 647 articles written by 75 912 authors were published.	4
Particularly, 12 related types of statistics (i.e., features) are collected for each researcher (i.e., data sample), which are the number of papers, number of citations, years, cites/paper, papers/author, cites/year, cites/author/year, h-index (annual), h-index, g-index, hc-index, and h-index (norm).	2
Analyses in all parts of this Section G are based on 141 073 citations from RSC articles to RSC articles (no other cited or citing articles from other publishers are considered) from August 2011 until September 2018.	2
The search results showed 1,472 publications in TASM during the period 1989 and 2019.	2
The model and methodology are tested using two emerging topics (based on ex-poste term-based queries) from nanotechnology.	3
To fill the gap, this study employs the maximum spanning tree (MST) approach to identify discipline-level knowledge paths in weighted, directed, and cyclic networks.	1
The population of our study was academic researchers from a general Spanish public university.	2
We thank Joanne Bonaminio from the NREF for providing data about the award recipients and AANS members.	0
If this is the case, great caution must be employed in using citation indexing to identify narrowly specified topic areas.	0
Based on documents published during the period 2008–2012, we conclude that the average received citations of institutional e-mails is much higher than that of the non-institutional e-mails.	5
Information was collected from the Science Citation Index (SCI) database.	2
Acknowledgments: The CPHHD evaluation working group provided guidance for survey development and implementation and provided feedback and direction on the structure of the manuscript and early drafts.	0
When taking into account the Scopus Category of research, we found that Computer Science and Engineering were two categories with the most published papers in Industry 4.0 in Vietnam, with a 53.40% and 45.65% share, respectively.	4
Once the schools and the subject areas were identified, searches by author affiliation and college in the chosen subject areas were performed in WOS to find all articles written by researchers from each of the colleges/subject areas within the time span of 2006-2011.	2
The participation of female authors contributed to the effects of continuity on citation impact but decreased continuity for collaboration pairs.	5
The results indicate that the five most influential journals are from Finance and Economics.	4
We downloaded Beall's list of “potential, possible, or probable predatory scholarly open-access" publishers and standalone journals (Beall 2016a, b).	2
The results shown here work against those shown in other studies in which a certain citation advantage is observed for OA papers.	5
To overview how this constructing played out, we group our findings into three types of practices that early-career scientists interlinked through chains of actions.	5
In order to construct a directed acyclical network which includes as many nodes as possible we found preferable to use Scopus to construct the dataset we use in Section 4.	2
The source of data used was Elseviers international and multidisciplinary database Scopus.	2
Findings on the moderating impact of gender contradicted the findings of Badar et al. (2013): no significant moderating impact was observed.	4
This suggests that in sparse ego networks, the central author have more control on their collaborators being more selective in their recruitment and concluding that this behaviour has positive implications in the research impact.	5
Two hundred twenty-eight (228) articles from 25 African countries that were published in 129 different journals were identified.	4
3 Institute of Economic and Cultural Geography, Leibniz Universit?t Hannover, Hannover, Germany	0
The institution that published the most papers over the past 21 years was University Hospital Galway (66 publications) followed by Cork University Hospital with 54 papers.	4
Hence, a total of 419 top-cited papers were obtained, and the minimum number of citations among these up to the date of collection (December 9, 2020) was 140, which was denoted as TC2019 ≥ 140.	2
The exchange of faculty and PhD students was generally imbalanced.	4
This research maps the knowledge translation process for two different types of nanotechnologies applied to cancer: liposomes and metallic nanostructures (MNs).	1
The impact of Greek articles was the citations received by published articles during the first 2 years following the year of publication adjusted to the number of Greek and global articles.	3
Data used in this analysis were compiled by the authors through a literature review at the global level from 1979–2018 [9].	2
1From a purely epistemological perspective all sciences could be seen as 'applied,' in the sense that they have to be relevant to some purpose.	0
This paper contributes to the extant literature on knowledge popularity by identifying contextual attributions of knowledge, and empirically tests the impact of their interactions on knowledge popularity.	1
The aim of this study was to identify the 100 top-cited articles in endodontics by scanning a much larger group of journals than in Fardi et al.	1
We used NLP to run the full set of citations and automatically assign them using our training set of labeled data to the two types of citations: objective and negative.	3
We found that researchers of Type A were often at the center of a young component of the underlying network of the IS field, Type B researchers were often located in the critical path between an old component and the young component, while Type C researchers were at the peripheral areas of the network.	4
Analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) was then employed to test the effect of time (continuous 1–20), millennium (pre- or post-), and their interaction for each disciplinary category.	3
We find two groups: arts and humanities research is less useful than science, technology, engineering and mathematics, and arts and humanities research is merely differently useful.	4
Old Castletown Road, Douglas, Isle of Man IM2 1QB, via United Kingdom	0
Amongst all of the book evaluation systems that we have evaluated here the common denominator is that regardless of whether the focus is on categories of publishers or an individual approach to evaluation, the evaluation process itself is still carried out by experts.	5
2) How long do the articles wait in the online platforms before they get the volume and issue numbers?	1
One possible reason could be that most, if not all, of the biomedical articles produced by Nigerian authors were published in local (national) or regional journals which have low or no impact factors.	5
A qualitative approach using a semi-structured interview guide was utilized to elicit perceptions from 14 nurse scholars.	3
An open call for participation in the workshop was disseminated by Asociación para la Conservación de la Cuenca Amazónica - ACCA (ACCA) on July 14, 2022, via their social media platforms, Facebook and Twitter (S1 Appendix).	2
Our study uses data from a multi-country sample of tenured faculty working in some of the most research-visible business schools in Europe to offer evidence-based advice to the new generation of doctoral students and early-career faculty, helping to inform their career choices.	2
The results also point out gaps in coverage by the major scholarly indexes.	5
The subgraphs G[110,121](Top(C121)) and G[120,131](Top(C131)) overlap, see the nodes (120, 5), (121, 12), (121, 13) ∈ N(G[110,121](Top (C121)) UG[120, 131] (Top(C131))) and reveal that the subject area of topics content-similar to Top(C Top(C131) dates back to the inspection period [110, 121] or even earlier time intervals.	4
We applied the method using medical subject headings (MeSH) toward the author level to evaluate the clustering solutions, referring to Zhang et al.	3
The instructions for quantification of the value of various publications toward promotion and/or tenure specify increasing the point value for each publication when they are published in an OA venue.	4
The study also discovered that there are a lot of benefits derivable from using an IR, such as improved visibility and collaboration.	5
Thus, the objective of this study is to attract attention to some issues identified in the methodology used by the Shanghai Global Ranking of Academic Subjects that limit its effectiveness as a global ranking.	1
Due to the high effort involved in collecting data and the lack of data availability, the comparison must be limited to a period of a few years and—with regard to the institutions from non-German-speaking countries—to the Web of Science as data source.	2
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly credited.	0
We end by reflecting on the implications of this index-linked credibility for the future of African journals and the circulation of research knowledge across the continent.	5
Unfortunately, our analysis reveals little evidence of a significant positive association between receiving CTSAs and an increase in the production of translational science at either the institutional level or the PI level.	5
Finally we got 1,450 bibliographic records for subsequent text analysis.	2
We find that LAS is widely cited, has a substantial and diverse disciplinary reach, and, crucially, that the influence of its seminal works has not faded over time.	4
I have analyzed the citation record of J.	2
The primary objective of this study was to quantify the proportion of anatomy research papers that are available as gold and bronze OA.	1
There is clear demarcation in citation impact between megajournals, conventional generalist journals, and quasi-megajournals.	4
4 School of Economics and Management, University of Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100190, People's Republic of China	0
In addition, faculty in the bottom 10 programs were more likely to publish their research as co-authors than those in the top or middle programs.	4
To identify research hotspots, intellectual structure and trends in EHFE	1
The effects of hypoxia and caloric restriction, both of which extend life span in Caenorhabditis elegans, converge on the activation of an enzyme in cells of the intestine.	1
The strongest takeaway from the study is a need to redefine what is the end purpose of the national grant system.	5
Further, the national positions in scientific collaboration networks have a positive and significant correlation with their positions in international student mobility networks, leading to greater knowledge production and collaborative output.	4
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The most common prior relationship pattern was that the researcher on the Chinese side had previously worked at the Swedish partner's institution.	4
She earned her master’s of library science at the University of Texas at Austin.	0
Authors strategize around a particular article's submission by attempting to balance many inter-related factors.	5
The latter database contains individual data for all researchers in the higher education sector and institute sector in Norway.	0
Here the focus will not be on unethical behavior, but rather trends in publishing behavior will be examined to establish the link between a paradigmatic shift in what is important and publishing behavior.	1
Then, we integrated the three lists of journals covering fractionalized direct citation, cocitation, and bibliographic coupling in a new one according to Persson's approach to identify research themes through this new combined measure, which he named normalized weighted direct citation (NWDC) links (Persson, 2010).	3
Out of 41 solicitations, 20 (49%) were appropriate.	4
In our analyses, we use data for all 6012 Ph.D.	2
3, is clearly too sparse to be informative.	4
Majority (52%) stated “Impact Factor”, 48% stated, “Reputation of the Journal", 29% stated, “Speed of Publication” and “Readership” and 13% of the respondent stated "Reputation of the Editorial Board”.	4
We have identified different patterns or roles associated with the concept of leadership in scientific publications, as measured by participation as first and/or corresponding author.	5
If so, does variety of the focal scholar's research fields matter?	1
Al-Aboud), College of Science, King Abdul-Aziz University, Jeddah, Department of Dermatology (K.	0
The study provides a comprehensive historical overview of educational technology research, revealing its evolving focus, growing complexity, and the stable rate of knowledge obsolescence compared to the SciEng field.	5
There were 2425 tweets about the K-Index in 2014, but just 573 and 334 tweets the following two years (Table 1).	4
Two of the most frequently mentioned agencies are the U.S.	4
URLs were much more frequently used in Korea and focused on social media (e.g., youtube and twitpic.com).	4
My analyses indicate that most ecologists view the last author as the “senior” author on a paper (i.e., the head of the group where the majority of the work was carried out), that the first author tends to be the corresponding author on ecology papers, and that most ecologists interpret corresponding authorship as taking full responsibility for a paper.	5
In order to explore whether the topic of an article will affect its citation trend in future, this paper establishes a machine learning framework to study the role of topic characteristics in the prediction of future high influential articles.	1
RQ1 – Has the average length of articles in three prominent top biomedical journals changed over time?	1
Nous avons utilisé le corpus complet de PubMed comme référence (URL : http://www.pubmed.org).	2
In conclusion, these results reverberate across the landscape of scholarly communication and research policy, challenging preconceived notions and stimulating a reconsideration of the interplay between open access, peer review dynamics, and self-correction of science.	5
The top entities with the most publications in JMIR Medical Informatics were the United States, Yonsei University in South Korea, Medical School, and Grang Luo from the US.	4
Lopez (University of Connecticut, USA), Monika Hartmann (University of Bonn, Germany), and Nobuhiro Suzuki (University of Tokyo, Japan).	5
Co-occurrence of authors' specified keywords identifies the spatial links among the major discussions in JCF works.	5
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
We use deep learning-based classification models to predict each paper’s PWS.	3
Of the 5,975 documents retrieved, 84.3% were articles, 11.6% reviews and 4.1% book chapters, books or proceedings papers.	4
Then, the data were further analyzed and interpreted with the Biblioshiny tool in the R package, which could be accessed freely at https://www.bibliometrix.org/home/.	3
The most-cited journals remained relatively stable over time: 14 of the 18 Zone 1 journals from the 2006 study [8] remained in Zone 1 in the present study.	5
A qualitative cross-sectional questionnaire was developed using Fluid Survey and distributed electronically to nursing faculty and instructors at three post-secondary institutions in Saskatchewan.	2
Keywords Research fields · Scientific disciplines · Evolution of science · Dynamics of science · Scientific development · Scientific specialties	0
Network maps were created with VosViewer 1.16.11, which is a freely available tool for visualizing networks from bibliometric data, such as authors, journals, co-citations or keywords [24].	3
This provides evidence that these visits also benefit a researcher's career in the long-term.	5
To this end, we used time-aggregated measures calculated through 2017 to estimate the parameters of the following cross-sectional ordinary least squares (OLS) regression model	3
Most of the studies were led by scientists from the United Kingdom, followed by Chile, Argentina and United States.	4
The top five countries according to the number of articles were Turkey (n=473; 52.90%), Israel (n=86; 9.61%), Japan (n=39; 4.36%), Italy (n=38; 4.25%) and the USA (n=37; 4.13%).	4
In Section 4, we illustrate the method and field of analysis.	0
The basic science departments, on average, also had higher ratios of outside- to within-department collaborators (average of 5.36; for clinical departments, 3.62).	4
A limitation of this study is that it does not include neither a statistical analysis of these error/horror typologies, nor a systematic investigation of the relevant causes.	1
The findings of this study indicate that several of the issues and challenges described in the literature still remain.	5
NATURE HUMAN BEHAVIOUR 1, 0078 (2017) | DOI: 10.1038/s41562-017-0078 | www.nature.com/nathumbehav	0
Using linear interpolation, in the RAE 2008, as many articles were classified as 4* as were in the top 4.4%ile of world outputs.	4
Roughly 77% (6,412/8,365) of all potential researcher/publication matches were adjudicated, with 10% (831/8,365) attributing one or more VICTR service to the publication.	4
The broad objective of the study was to explore the scholarly publishing experience of the masters and doctoral students in Nigerian universities.	1
During the sample period, the journal received 12,000 submissions, of which more than 9500 were first submissions.	2
In total, 39,736 papers in analytical chemistry (C1) and 27,531 papers in organic chemistry (C3) could be matched with PlumX Metrics and WoS to obtain their altmetric indicators.	2
Hirsch, is one of the few author-based metrics currently available that offers a perspective of the productivity and citation impact of a scientist, researcher, or academic.	1
2011; Hood and Wilson 2001; Merigó et al.	3
If we apply this idea to research quality, we can define it as a collective frame of scientific communities that organises the assessment of contributions, research processes and fellow producers to determine their utility for individual and communal knowledge production processes.	3
To evaluate the scientific value of PCB journals by developing an alternative mechanism which is not necessarily only by counting citations.	1
Currently, the ISLS scientific community gains more citation impact through domestic than international collaboration.	5
This study examines recent (2000-2013) writings on the disciplinarity and other forms of differentiation of science, published within the fields of science and technology studies, library and information science, and scientometrics, with the goal of determining the commonalities and the differences in the approaches between these three research traditions.	1
For the number of publications per institution, the h-index was determined.	3
In this respect, we aim to answer the following lines of research questions:	1
We combined the publication and author datasets into a rectangular 2188 × 33, 2-mode incidence matrix, with a unique article on each row and disciplines arrayed across columns.	3
Amazingly, 49% of these articles have been published in the last two years.	4
Color versions of one or more of the figures in the article can be found online at www.tandfonline.com/werm.	0
Cybergeo was founded in 1996 as a digital-only European Journal of Geography.	2
The 2017 GDP per capita (in 2010 US dollars) was collected from the World Bank (http://www.worldbank.org, accessed at January 20, 2019).	2
Since RI is continuously developing and evolving, together with RI frameworks, this study aimed to update the information on RI frameworks from 14 European countries that participated in MLE and 2 additional countries that participated in the EnTIRE (Mapping Normative Frameworks for EThics and Integrity of Research) project (CORDIS – Community Research And Development Information Service 2017; Embassy of Good Science (2022) and to compare the frameworks between these 16 countries.	1
We were able to match at least one author for 2,434 articles in our sample.	2
However, there is a lack of research exploring the relationship between interdisciplinarity and peer review or expert opinions, particularly at the article level.	1
The indicator accounts for publication type, publication channel, and co-authorship, and is calculated by the Current Research Information System in Norway (CRIStin) database (see www.cristin.	3
We employed traditional machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL) models for motivation classification.	3
Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
The SNA technique is employed to construct and visualize four different networks of scientific collaboration: (1) co-authorship network among researchers, (2) co-authorship network among institutions, (3) co-authorship network among countries, and (4) co-authorship network among regions.	3
1 What proportion of academic books from BKCI can be found by Microsoft Academic automatic searches, and does this vary by field and publication year?	1
In such an “ideal” list, unfortunately the false discovery rate (FDR) increases as the number of qualities postulated pre-study increases.	4
In two SSDs, the CHH index values span a broad range of values: we noticed that the researchers are grouped in the same SSD, in spite of showing a scientific production quite different in terms of subject areas.	4
(2018), it was established that in countries with high GDP and HDI such as Denmark, Finland, Flandreau and Norway, over 60% of all publications were published in English, whilst in Poland, it was only 17% (see Table 1).	2
The purpose of this study in a specific area studies field, i.e.	1
The FE estimates show more publications for labs with higher funding in the past.	4
For fining “Trending Keywords and Themes”, step 3 of the proposed framework, text mining has generated frequently used keywords among the citing documents.	3
notation had on average a higher impact factor (4.48) than the articles that used the BCE/B.C.E.	4
The collaborations between Beginning scholars occupy more than half of the overall scientific collaboration for the countries with less number of papers.	4
In addition, the three factors that were identified were only weakly correlated; meaning that cheating attitudes are multi-faceted.	4
4, terms such as behavioral finance, experiments, experimental economics, and gender are evidently gaining importance, whereas others, such as social capital or happiness, faded away.	4
Pion is research associate professor, Department of Psychology and Human Development, Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee.	0
This study excluded these 168 articles, so the actual population size was 1,468.	0
This does not alter our adherence to PLOS ONE policies on sharing data and materials.	0
Scopus was used in preference to the Web of Science for its wider coverage of different subject areas (Mongeon, & Paul-Hus, 2016).	2
The search was limited to 1996-2018, considering Scopus restrictions regarding documents indexation previous to 1996 (Ioannidis et al., 2016).	2
Across the entire period, January to September 2020, the most common output type from Imperial College London was journal articles, representing 60.8% of all outputs.	4
A key-point is that citing-side normalization does not challenge classical normalization in the reduction of “’all sources of variability” altogether.	5
We ignore the posthumous publications of the Fields Medal recipients and contenders.	0
Following the review of conducted studies, benefitting from published guide line, these indicators were defined under 4 main axes of governance and leadership; infrastructures; research products and research impact.	3
The first subsection delineates the general trends in the accumulation of Mendeley readership over time, in comparison to those observed in citations and Twitter mentions.	0
We use Euclidean index of citations as a measure of authors' and discussants' prolificness (Perry and Reny, 2016).	3
Citation: Duin D, King D, van den Besselaar P (2012) Identifying Audiences of E-Infrastructures - Tools for Measuring Impact.	0
The theory of the previous section is now applied to the four IEEE publications.	0
The CNS sample contained 1622 papers, 118 of which was cover paper.	2
Up to 32,588 unique records were identified for the period 1855 to 2016 (Table 3).	4
It is based on an analysis of internationally mobile and non-internationally mobile German scientists publishing in journals that are indexed in Scopus.	2
Examining over 750 major scientific discoveries (all Nobel Prize and major non-Nobel Prize discoveries), we systematically test this fundamental question about scientific progress here.	1
For the analyses of co-authorship relations, we use the CD-Rom/DVD versions of the SCI.	2
The dataset obtained was augmented by assigning each of the 13 702 papers to institutions within the University of Belgrade (31 faculties and 11 institutes).	2
Between 81 (0.4%, FDR<0.05) and 231 (1.1%, FDR<0.10) authors are outliers on the curve, suggestive of chronic, repeated RLM.	4
Free-text responses to open questions focused almost exclusively on Gold OA in general, and author processing charges (APC) models in particular, suggesting that awareness of Green OA options remains poor, and that for many researchers open access publishing is synonymous with the payment of fees.	5
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
Figure 4: Yearly Citation Distribution of HIB4-[Waite], their AW, and ACs	0
We examine the role of early career exposure to research on sorting into the “ideas sector” of the economy, as well as research trajectory and productivity within this domain.	5
Second, what topics (e.g., sexual deviance, substance abuse, delinquency, suicide, violence, obesity, reviews, methodological issues, theoretical statements, empirical articles), if any, receive a disproportional amount of coverage in the set of DB citation classics?	1
To develop a framework for studying the social impact of research, we have selected three research groups that exemplify different types of science from literature: entrepreneurial (Etzkowitz 1998), policy relevant (Jasanoff 1987) and public good (or welfare-service-related) science (Radder 2010).	2
The current study provides extended theorizing and empirical tests for the quantity-quality relationship of scientific productions.	5
In evaluating the impact of multinational authorship papers, the Category Normalized Citation Impact (CNCI) of a paper is calculated by dividing an actual citation count by an expected citation rate for papers with the same document type, publication year, and subject category.	3
The core of our dataset has been extracted from the website 'Mathematical Genealogy Project'.	2
By relating publication weight to publication size the authors offer an alternative perspective on the production of scholars who publish monographs.	1
The findings revealed widespread awareness of the incentives for HSS international publications, coupled with serious concerns about the potential undesirable influences on research values, norms, and standards.	4
Lower citation performance for micro-based keywords and higher citation performance for econometrics-based keywords suggest that there should be caution when a microeconomist is compared to econometrician for the impact of their work.	5
After removing these 11 documents, a final set of 503 studies between 2006 and 2019 was considered for analysis.	2
We used a network-science perspective to analyze similar uses of depression relevant terms in the Google News corpus (approximately 1 billion words) and the Web of Science database (120 000 documents).	2
The lists of publications were supplied to FCT following a request sent to 319 institutions (293 RUnits and 26 ALabs) and included the references indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI), Conference Proceedings Citation Index—Science and Conference Proceedings Citation Index—Social Science & Humanities.	2
Furthermore, the level of recognition within the scientific research community varies for different categories of scholars, and there are also differences in the growth patterns between scholars from Asia and those from Western regions.	4
Hirsch introduced the h-index in 2005 to measure productivity and impact of scientists, institutions, or countries.	3
All of the books published by UCL Press.	2
A key step in this hybrid process would be demonstration of the ability of text mining to identify the targets of interest with reasonable precision in a timely manner at an acceptable cost.	0
It is shown that the publication has stable indicators of citation and enjoys great popularity in the scientific community.	4
The results of this study have shown that SLA acts as both the intellectual provider and the recipient of knowledge in an interdisciplinary context.	5
One of the important metadata extraction from research papers is the section information such as IMRAD (Introduction, Methodology, Results, and Discussion).	1
We are yet to touch upon the underlying topics of the papers being published by SIGCOMM venues.	0
The current paper explores the directionality of downloads and citations based upon 2007–2017 publications in the Lancet.	1
However, based on data on publications produced in 2006–2009 at the Neutron Science Directorate of Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee (United States), we find that internationalization of its collaborative research is restrained by coordination costs similar to those characterizing other institutional settings.	1
The largest proportion of articles with funding information was found in Web of Science (29.0%), followed by PubMed (14.6%) and Scopus (7.7%).	4
This paper synthesizes findings from two studies the author conducted that examine how engagement in interdisciplinary research (IDR) influences scholars' careers.	1
Thus organized, the dataset is composed of 75,184 publications authored or co-authored by a total of 3386 TSs in Italian universities, sorted in 9 UDAs comprising a total of 130 SDSs.	2
Our results indicate that enhanced inequality introduced through the Exzellenzinitiative was partially offset by changes in the allocation of resources from other funders.	4
Of the 5,500 most productive scholars in communication that form the sample, 3,954 were male and 1,546 were female.	4
Eleven years ago, John Bohannon, a former contributing correspondent of the journal Science, conducted an experiment to evaluate the reliability of the peer review process in over 300 open access (pay-to-publish) scientific journals.	3
It was found that students used 449.2 documents on average in writing a doctoral dissertation and 110.9 references per master's thesis.	4
In the medical sciences, open access is a revolutionary approach to sharing and distributing research, development, and innovation, provided that strict rules for quality control are maintained all throughout the process.	5
The results of each experiment represent the average of the 10 runs.	0
(2) The second evaluation was based on Thomson Reuters ISI Web of Knowledge Journal Citation Reports.	2
The intention of this work is to analyze top scientists' collaboration behavior at the “international”, “domestic extramural” and “intramural” levels, and compare it to that of their lesser performing colleagues.	1
We then focused on the current board members of the MRC, the Wellcome Trust and the NIHR (as of February 2018), to identify how many of these members have held a grant from the body they serve for or from any of the other two.	3
It has to be said that simple observation of the figures shows that for all the countries, the impact on the collaboration papers per domestic paper is fairly large, although the collaboration papers have a greater impact on the domestic papers than vice versa.	0
For each of the articles retracted between 1996 and 2006 in our original list (i.e.	2
To examine whether the size of the unit of assessment played any role in the assessed quality of impact, we collected the number of full-time equivalent (FTE) staff submitted and the assessed quality of impact element of each submission.	2
Statistical analysis was performed by the IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows version 21.0 (IBMCorp, Armonk, NY, USA).	3
This data set was established with 189 papers and 2, 334 citation relationships between them.	2
The study adopts extracted entities on the types of Gene/Protein and Drug/Chemical, which are used as proxies for research content to study the research diversity of scholars.	2
The bracket at the right of the project name denotes the code of the project in this paper.	0
Of the 4022 articles included, the total Altmetric score, Journal Impact Factor, and open access status respectively explained 32%, 14%, and 1% of the variance in article citations (when combined, the variables explained 40% of the variance in article citations).	4
The publication level of natural resources graduate students' theses or dissertations in peer-reviewed journals was 35% (Table 1), and some graduate students published more than one article from their thesis or dissertation.	4
1 This 'short curriculum vitae' lists Hartley's major publications (for the sake of convenience).	0
Moreover, we generated a document vector using a BM25 approach [16], which showed the best accuracy among the methods not using neural networks in other content-based maps [2]–[4].	3
The results indicate that in this area, they have not been trained, are self-taught and, although they believe they know how to search on the internet, do not know how and where to search beyond a beginner's level.	4
Bibliometrics, such as number of citations, average citations per publication (Agarwal et al., 2016; Carpenter et al., 2014; Leydesdorff & Shin, 2011) and the journal quartile indicators ranging from Q1 (highest) to Q4 (lowest) (Bornmann et al., 2013; Chinchilla-Rodríguez et al., 2016; Miranda & Garcia-Carpintero, 2019), are also used to assess the quality of research.	3
Country input and author collaboration (co-authorship) will be addressed.	1
The author(s) disclosed receipt of the following financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: The author of this article is a full-time employee of the Spanish Council for Scientific Research (CSIC).	0
Author contributions: All authors have accepted responsibility for the entire content of this manuscript and approved its submission.	0
This study was funded by the Association of College and Research Libraries (ACRL) Dissertation Fellowship, the Rackham Graduate Research Grant at the University of Michigan, and MIRACLE (Making Institutional Repositories A Collaborative Learning Environment) project funded by Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS).	0
Our measures of productivity and impact correspond to the publications and citations in mainstream journals included in the Web of Science (WoS) in the period 2000–2013.	2
The empirical resources for explaining science include Web of Science (Wos) and Scopus (for a comparison see Waltman 2016); secondary data from the bibliometric collections, including the US National Science Board (NSB 2020) and the Leiden University (2020) ranking; and Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD 2020) data.	2
With the elapse of time, international scientific collaboration is increasingly becoming more in-depth in the IVV field, while different countries present different developmental levels.	4
Each one includes the affiliations of authors, title, year, keywords, and enhanced keywords (WoS standardized keywords).	0
For reviews see instead: Hicks (1999), Nederhof (2006) and Huang and Chang (2008)].	0
This can be determined by counting citations to our papers in the Astrophysics Data Service (ADS) or Research Gate.	2
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
However, in contrast to the findings for the first dataset, the empirical reliability estimates for all models fitted to the second dataset differed by only a third decimal place.	4
Plagiarism is a big problem globally and was clearly identified as a problem within this research group.	4
Second, a random sample of 200 rejected manuscripts at TI was followed up by searching in Web of Science for possible later publication in another journal.	2
In the current work, we set out to address these uncertainties.	1
A total of 718 publications were included and exported to VOSviewer and CiteSpace software to analyze the following topics: global publishing trends, countries, journals, authors, research orientations, institutions, and quality of publications.	2
The x-axis shows the number of posts made for by a reviewer for a paper.	0
We aimed to evaluate: (i) whether COVID-19-related preprints were favored for publication, (ii) preprinting trends and public discussion of the preprints, and (iii) the relationship between the publication topic (COVID-19-related or not) and quality issues.	1
Using Web of Science data, the article looks at the evolution for both publications and citations and examines the internationalization pressures on Chilean scholars and Chilean journals in relation to changes at the level of publication language and co-authorship.	1
Figure 4: Number of Journals Remaining in the Top 15 One Year Later	0
Given the differing natures of each measure, we adopt estimation strategies appropriate to each data form: a probit regression for the ordinal ABS measure, a generalised least squares (GLS) estimator for the continuous impact factor measure, and a probit estimator for the two Financial Times ratings.	3
The scientific output of the researchers with research productivity fellowship in the field of physical therapy stands out in their indicators, since the figures are very promising for a relatively young area and as it can be observed by the amount of published articles and citations obtained by the national and international research community.	5
Our concern has been to explore interdisciplinary collaborative networks in fisheries science, looking directly at which disciplines collaborate, whether and how such collaborations have changed over time, and specifically consider the trajectories of emerging topics like climate change and EBFM.	5
Among the full sample, 164 (2.3%; 95%CI, 2.0%-2.7%) were ECs.	4
The data set includes 666,527 records of the Book Citation Index from Web of Science in 2013–2017.	2
The results of the first part indicated that economical and geographical parameters directly affect the chemistry research outcome.	4
A total of 91 epidemiologists (all Iranian epidemiologists who had papers in WOS) including 77 males and 14 females were studied through census.	4
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
A common finding from both phases of the study was that the scientific committee model of research governance positively influenced scientific performance across research institutions in The Gambia.	4
Articles with Iranian authors (in order to evaluate Iranian researchers' awareness of ICMJE criteria); and	2
The degree of collaboration in research conducted in SA will be analysed using co-authorship matrix software.	3
While a considerable number of new radiological journals since 2003 were general radiology journals having relatively low IF, there were also new journal topics representing emerging areas of subspecialized radiological research.	5
While few definitive conclusions can be drawn from this pre- liminary study, it is hoped that this work will serve to prompt further, more- comprehensive investigations into the effectiveness of research prioritisation strategies in veterinary schools and other small professional faculties.	5
A total of 26 North American medical education researchers at a range of career stages were interviewed.	2
Data from 1996 to 2012 for: investment on tertiary education, gross domestic expenditure on R&D (GERD) as a percentage of GDP and researchers (FTE).	2
Then, a heterogeneous network based on the flow of knowledge between documents is constructed, and several citation cycles are eliminated from this network according to curated rules in the second phase.	3
This is an expected result as per these fields' publication and co-authorship frequency patterns.	0
Papers published on December 2012 in BMC Bioinformatics were chosen as the test dataset.	2
We have used the chi-square to test the significance of the gender differences observed in our results in the following.	3
Why does it matter which nation leads the world?	5
The discipline of political science has been especially slow to adopt OA, ranking 34th out of 39 disciplines surveyed (European Commission, 2019).	4
More specifically, in the present study, we aim at answering the following research questions:	1
The introduction of the BRI considerably amplifies the existing gender gap in performance.	4
In total, 1083 successful funded research grants in OR/MS from 2007 to 2015 were acquired.	2
Data-driven algorithms can inform decision-making of scarce funding resources by identifying likely high-impact studies using bibliometrics.	1
Some other common methods are Theil index, Atkinson index, Gini index or standard deviation.	0
However, we emphasize that the discussion also applies to other units of analysis.	0
In order to avoid further biases owing to differing citation densities, we restricted the data acquisition to publications written in English, and as journal articles.	2
Data collection began on September 28 2021 and ended on October 28, 2021.	3
Data were exported from Excel to SAS/STAT software (ver.	3
In spite of limited ability, given the design of the study, to generalize the results obtained, it is evident that no single tool can exhaustively identify copies of studies kept in such repositories.	5
The theoretical framework chosen for the analysis is Kuhn's theory of normal science.	1
It is more reasonable to compare the JIFs of journals with the same publishing language.	5
The data were then analysed with SPSS (Statistics for Windows, Version 17.0 produced by SPSS Inc.,) using descriptive statistics (including frequency, percentage and mean) and inferential statistics (including chi-square and t-test).	3
Network exploitation tends to have the opposite effect, resulting in short term gains but potentially limiting the innovativeness of future research.	4
We have shown that, for a large range of parameters, the editor prefers to delegate the choice to review the submission to the biased referee.	5
The databases that are of considerable importance in the domain of "FAW, S.	2
Pathology and Surgery stood second and third in this race, respectively.	4
With latent regression analyses, we also found that Chinese and older, more experienced researchers are inclined to stress the importance of equality.	4
Furthermore, the government official titles and hierarchical structure for building the dictionary have been adopted by CBDB for enhancing its metadata infrastructure.	4
after 1995 and held an assistant professorship at a top-10 OR program in 2003 or earlier, these statistical models</MODEL_OR_ALGORITHM>, using data up to five years after the scholar became an assistant professor and constrained to tenure the same number of candidates as tenure committees did, made a different decision than the tenure committees for 16 (30%) of the candidates.	2
Our empirical results, based on EPSRC data, indicate that diverse teams are not only penalized but are also biased against.	5
Participants from Türkiye and those with higher academic ranks emphasize the need for incentives and the involvement of multiple parties to improve peer review.	4
The aim of this study was to examine h-index, g-index and ar-index across Iranian epidemiologists to identify the moderating characteristics as well as the distribution of these measures in the field.	1
The Section 2 examines previous studies on AI technology in the aerospace industry, including its potential benefits and challenges.	0
Papers published in 2002–2016, (the data retrieval deadline was set to January 11, 2017), with “Picea” or “spruce” in the title, abstract or keywords were retrieved.	2
Poor information literacy and language abilities were found to be potential factors behind poor academic practice, and academic integrity teaching proved to be largely effective.	4
Cooperation analysis was conducted based on the author's affiliations to examine bilateral and multilateral cooperation between countries and between institutions on T2DM research.	3
For the analysed period 452,277 publications were submitted for the two evaluation exercises.	2
Clinicians treating disorders of the spine should be aware of these trends when relying on the clinical literature to inform their practice.	5
The study results reveal that 'Bibliometric / Scientometric' had been one of the most popular topics in Indian LIS research.	4
For all fifteen sets the mean number of authors per paper increases between the two periods (Table 9) and these increases are significant for all sets (Table 3).	4
For making the social network of Iranian Parasitology researchers' co-authorship, all the files merged into a single file, and then by using Coauthor.exe co-author matrix was constructed, using NETDRAW and UCINET softwares the co-authorship map was drawn and then was analysed based on SNA measures Including centrality (closeness, betweenness, etc.).	3
HIC, high-income country; UMIC, upper-middle-income country; LMIC, low- to middle-income country.	0
The records were processed according to a series of one-dimensional and multi-dimensional metric indicators which were selected for the study.	3
The ECE in the B&R region exhibits substantial and persistent spatiotemporal variations (Fig.	4
Funding Open Access funding provided thanks to the CRUE-CSIC agreement with Springer Nature.	0
Research Question 2: What are the declared reasons for retractions, and how clear are these?	1
The article then examines the units of assessment (UoAs) and HEIs that benefitted from the inclusion of the impact agenda as part of REF2014 by examining the distribution of the quality-related research (QR) funding in the 2017–2018 period and finds that the QR funding gap among different UoAs tends to decrease but the gap among HEIs in most of the UoAs increased.	1
Do male academics, on average, receive more BRI points for their scholarly papers than their female colleagues?	1
First, we applied the linear regression model to the citation percentiles of indexed papers in both databases.	3
Ken Bollen, the late Rachel Rosenfeld, Gail Henderson, Ted Mouw, Peter Einaudi, anonymous reviewers, and several interviewees provided constructive criticism that substantially improved the article.	0
Here, we allocate 80% of the total score to the indicators used by each ranking system and 20% to awards.	3
It turns out that the most influential researchers may have a systematically lower performance, in terms of highly cited publications, than some of their less influential colleagues.	4
The sole purpose of our analysis is to compare the performance of different approaches to normalization of direct citations, and we are particularly interested in how the approaches perform in sparse areas of the networks.	1
Using academic networking sites as data sources, despite being labor intensive and having other limitations, can help to fill in some of the gaps.	5
This article proposes a way in which evaluation panels could blend citations data with publications data.	5
Building on Swales (1986), we focus on two methodologies: citation analysis and discourse analysis.	3
In the last two decades, the average number of authors has nearly tripled in Cell and Nature Cell Biology but remained largely flat in Molecular Biology of the Cell (Figure 1A).	4
CiteSpace VI and Excel 2016 were used to analyze information from the retrieved studies.	3
We re-examine “Evaluating Journal Quality and the Association for Information Systems Senior Scholars Journal Basket..." by Lowry et al. (2013).	1
We identified 501 highly cited articles published between 1956 and 2009 in 37 journals.	4
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journallnformation?journalCode=wjnf20	0
The authors are grateful to the associate editor and referees for their very helpful comments.	0
Notably, the geographical proximity differs to a great extent between various world regions: the dense clustering of European countries makes the intensity of international collaboration far less dependent on geography and more on language commonality.	5
The focus of this article is the impact of standards on methods sections in social science and international relations (IR) journal articles.	1
Co-cited and bibliographically coupled articles represent types of similarity that are complementary to the PubMed Similar Articles ranking [12] and thus may assist in increasing recall for information retrieval [13], such as finding relevant literature for systematic reviews [14].	5
The secondary data corresponding to the 42 Peruvian medical schools that had scientific publications in Scopus from 2015 to 2020 were evaluated, and the Affiliation ID of each Peruvian institution was considered.	2
Received January 25, 2011; revised March 14, 2011; accepted March 14, 2011	0
A custom-written Java code with embedded SQL queries has been employed to examine the database, process the metadata, and deduce historic averages, ranges, and trends.	3
We ultimately devised a workflow that used citation data from Web of Science, OpenRefine, Oxygen XML Editor, and a hybrid cloud ingest strategy between Amazon Web Services and Islandora to batch ingest works into our repository.	3
Only 18 (13.3%) editors-in-chief and 582 (13.5%) board members were affiliated with middle-income nations.	4
Finally, we address this study's contributions to the literature and discuss its limitations, as well as future research directions in e-commerce research.	0
This final subset comprised of 753 journal articles related to orthodontics.	2
The 10 sleeping beauties in genius work in Table 1 satisfy the above two criteria in Equations 1 and 2, but all of their awakening periods were delayed, as shown in Table 2.	4
Aagaard and Schneider 2015 for discussions of this).	5
Scopus assigned author IDs to prominent researchers, facilitating full name searches.	2
Out of the three types of digital capital, only the levels of information technology and software/databases have a significant impact on the production function, whereas communication technology has no effects.	4
Table 2 indicates that the yearly research productivity increased from 12 to 487 papers during 1986 to 2015 and the rapid increase is from the year 2001.	4
The various patenting systems offer firms different routes for patenting: one can patent nationally, internationally (at the WIPO’s PCT), or at the regional level such as the EPO.	0
M. Goovaerts for the preparation of the citation data of the Price medallists (January 2006).	0
Borjas and Doran (2012) used these data, combined with information from the Thomson Reuters Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) Web of Science archive and the Mathematical Genealogy Project (MGP), to construct the universe of active Soviet mathematicians prior to the collapse of the Soviet Union and to define the subsample of Soviet émigrés.	2
Coauth.exe and Intcoll.exe softwares were used to provide co-authorship and countries co-authorship matrix, respectively.	3
Data on publications in Science Advances were retrieved from PubMed because this journal is not listed on Web of Science.	2
A previous version of this paper, “Is There a Differentiated Gender Effect of Collaboration with Super-Cited authors?	0
Remaining names were assigned likely genders with the assistance of various online tools (Kantrowitz 1997, Bridge 2008, Social Security 2017).	3
According to multivariable regression analyses, impact factor, publisher type, language, research type, number of authors, continent of origin, and country income were significant predictors of articles' OA status; OA articles received a citation rate 1.24 times the incidence rate for non-OA articles (95% CI: 1.05 to 1.47; P=0.012).	4
The previous examples have been constructed in such a way that they can also be used in the present discussion.	0
Different subscriptions to WoS and WoSCC returned different numbers of references.	4
Although the economic crisis meant that overall HERD funding declined from €750 million in 2008 to €621 million in 2012 (the most recent available data), as a percentage of total HERD the humanities have remained relatively stable, at 8% of HERD funding (see Supplementary Figure S1).	4
J., et al., CSIRO Division of Animal Physiology Annual Report (1966/67).	0
Policies to encourage talented youth to pursue scientific careers—especially those from poorer countries—could advance the knowledge frontier faster.	5
To also capture the organizational structure of CCES, we distinguish between two groups of actors: 1.	3
The lowest correlations with GPA are observed for UK (0.259) and EU (0.244) government funding.	4
His dissertation research focuses on the determinants of immigration policy adoption in the American states.	0
Education and career paths from the GS to the GN: The width of the edges represents the frequency of a given path.	0
In this study, we selected articles authored by Lasker Basic Medical Prize winners as research samples for the following two reasons:	2
(1) The numbers of patents applied for tend to be similar in a community: this means that establishments in a community have similar abilities in terms of the quantity of innovation.	5
The study was limited to an analysis of library websites using a fixed set of keywords, and it did not investigate whether other campus units were involved or whether other methods of informing researchers about predatory publishing were being used.	2
GCN is also the one that improves the most when using BERT and achives the best performance of 0.91 in both AUC and Average Precision.	4
This misalignment explains the paucity of meaningful research participation by accounting academics in the Anglophone SSA region.	5
To ensure the integrity of the findings, the study employs propensity score matching (PSM) to address potential self-selection and systematic biases between the experimental and control groups.	3
The journal that published the highest number of articles related to open access journals was Learned Publishing, with 12 articles (10.43%).	4
Given the difficulty of manually discerning research methods used in articles, an automatic classification model of research methods was developed.	3
Estimating a simple linear function, where impact is a function of the degree of transnational co-authored articles, explains 67% of the variance in the dataset and can be considered a reasonable fit, but there are notable outliers: USA, UK and the Netherlands.	4
McClelland's Human Motivation Theory (McClelland 1961; 1975; 1985) is used in this study to identify people's dominant motivating drivers.	3
For all countries Germany is among the preferred partners.	4
This Article concentrates on all active and completed research projects with committed funding of €100000 or more from January, 2007, up to, and including, December, 2013, in basic, applied, and clinical research, including trials, epidemiological, public health, and veterinary research.	2
Table 1 Coverage of Scopus articles from health sciences, life sciences, physical sciences and social sciences in Mendeley	0
Our aim is to raise awareness and to deepen understanding of the predatory publishing phenomenon.	1
Received April 20, 2011; revised May 20, 2011; accepted June 16, 2011	0
This study, based on in-depth interviews with 65 tenured and tenure track professors in dozens of United States universities in a wide variety of STEM disciplines, focuses on collegial effects of Zoomification on research collaboration, including research with graduate students.	1
The relationships between those keywords reflect the knowledge structure of the field and its evolution along this period.	5
* Cumulative market share of top 250 words (Number of occurrences of the top 250 words/ total number of occurrences in all publications)	0
Ronald Rousseau for precious advice and encouragement in the development of these ideas.	0
Since the study is empirical in nature, in order to perform expressions such as additions, subtraction, percentages etc., MS Excel and various other mathematical and statistical tools were used.	3
Of the posts, 2,342 (M=39.69 SD=22.03) were written before the feedback, and 1,795 (M=30.42 SD=27.06) were written after the feedback.	2
In all sixteen groups, we find behavior that we label as strategic anticipation (drawing on Müller 2014, see also Franssen and De Rijcke 2019).	4
Cohorts of research addressing the same research question may be identified using systematic reviews.	2
Figure 1 shows the query (research parameter) used for searching the ISI WoS.	2
Hands-on experience with review activities (88%) and exposure to good and bad reviews (88%) were identified as very valuable to peer reviewer development.	4
The literature search was limited to original and review articles whereas conference papers, letters, editorials, commentaries, and book references were excluded from our study.	2
The extent to which scientific knowledge reflects the specific social and historical circumstances surrounding its construction has long been the subject of acrimonious debate, but there is general consensus that science is a social activity in the sense that those engaged in it do not work in isolation from their colleagues.	0
Between January 2000 and December 2015, our search identified 134 retraction notices.	2
One of the critical issues in any assessment is the choice of whether to evaluate the entire scientific portfolio of the institutions or a subset of the production.	1
We make use of a full sample of all publications in the field of chemistry from 2016 to 2020 available on Scopus, a database that collects academic publications and citations by publisher Elsevier.	2
The progress of studies on traditional medicine for stroke could be explained by the global attention to traditional medicine, the geospatial proximity for research collabration, and the increasing resources invested.	5
The publication window is 1991–2010 or twenty years of data.	2
But it does suggest that at least for economists, tenure is not providing incentives to undertake research in the same quantity and quality that led up to the tenure decision.	5
The P-value for the ANOVA was 0.0018, causing us to reject the null hypothesis, showing a significant difference between groups (see Table 1; Fig.	4
To sum up, it is clear that the political situation of the Arab world only explains in part the changes of research productivity and efficiency of Arab countries after 2011 and that the research policy and behaviour of Arab countries is more likely to be behind these variations.	5
Q3 How do the journalism researchers in each BRICS nation interact with their domestic colleagues in the knowledge production?	1
We built an agent-based model to estimate how much the quality of peer review is influenced by different resource allocation strategies followed by scientists dealing with multiple tasks, i.e., publishing and reviewing.	1
Study 1 was a translational research ideation competition that called for proposals of computational solutions to human health problems.	2
The dependent variable is the count of citations to OA resources in a given company patent.	3
In contrast, it is surprising that the results obtained reveal the lack of importance of the frontier “teachers”, as this element plays only a residual role in active learning.	5
As far as the article mentioned in Section 1.2 is concerned, here are some further details.	0
The current study aims to investigate this issue of inadequate and omitted citations in manuscripts and the associated factors such as the different instances, reasons and the scenarios where external assistance is required.	1
The findings of the current study reveal that the investigated Nobel laureates' journal publications outperformed those of their counterparts in terms of text borrowing, even though there were still some incidences of extensive text borrowing and a lack of appropriate citations.	5
A better explanation of the drivers of global science combines (1) flat open networked relations with (2) the inequalities and closures shaped by global hegemony, arbitrarily modified by (3) national governments and specific resources.	5
To address these gaps, we intend to examine the following two essential questions: Does first- and second-degree team size correlate with scholars' research productivity and impact?	1
No paper should be written in a vacuum without the intellectual feedback of colleagues.	0
The U.S. has been the largest producer of cited science for years, receiving nearly half of the citations.	4
The purpose of the present study was to gather data tracking the specifications and publication records of a representative subset of journals in education over two decades.	1
The weights of the variables associated with each factor are highlighted in bold	0
First, there is no obvious dominance in terms of key authors, key publication sources, and key research groups in social tagging.	5
The author is indebted to Martin Blume, Mark Doyle, Claire O'Neill, and Gerald Young for providing generous amounts of usage and citation data for the APS journals.	0
The bibliometric dataset covers the time period from 1990 to 2012 and spans three phases of Russian nanoscience development: the transitional period after the breakup of the Soviet Union (1990–2004); the development of the Russian national nanotechnology initiative (2005–2007); and the recent period of nanotechnology research (2008–2012).	2
Broadly speaking, we know little about how narrative CVs will amplify or mitigate against bias but our hopes shouldn’t be especially high to start with.	4
Academic rank in plastic surgery is strongly correlated with several quantitative metrics of research productivity.	5
This value is normalized with respect to the maximum exploration possibilities for the author facilitating us to derive a measure, viz., the team exploration score for the team exploration strategy.	3
This study analyzed the bibliometric characteristics and connections of 100 top-cited articles in the field of neurodegenerative diseases in the Web of Science.	5
This study aims to understand the perception of academic communities—both stationed in Nepal and abroad— on various aspects of research environment in Nepal and the challenges in carrying out research here.	1
Although there were substantial differences between broad fields and smaller differences between subfields, the results confirm the value of Mendeley reader counts as early scientific impact indicators.	5
Therefore, bibliographic data of the articles having source-journal as Journal of Cryptology in the byline and published during 2001 to 2010 were retrieved from the MathSciNet database.	2
The datasets were then merged, discarding records that were only found in 2016 or only found in 2017.	2
(2014) we used a post-RAE funding formula devised by the Higher Education Funding Council for England and denoted by s.	3
The majority of journals removed did not charge an APC—2156 did not, 677 did.	4
Commitment problems increased when cross-disciplinary communication was perceived as stressful.	4
PPottier also conducted a linear regression to correlate title word length with character length and employed predictions from this model (using the predict function) to convert character limits to word limits.	3
In the first phase an inductive content analysis of the SIPs was done to form an overall understanding of the starting point of each project and the planned interaction.	3
Intermediacy, introduced in this paper, offers an alternative to main path analysis.	5
The results indicate that the evaluation of journals' societal impact based on altmetric indicators can be considered as useful supplement to the evaluation of journals' academic impact based on citation.	5
In this paper, to initiate ethical assessment and rankings, the main factors involved in the university performances are reviewed from an ethical perspective.	1
The mean IF grew from 1.68 ± 0.97 in 2007 to 2.12 ± 1.05 in 2013, the ES from 0.0113 ± 0.0169 to 0.0114 ± 0.0140, and the AIS from 0.513 ±0.302 to 0.663 ± 0.359.	4
When the converse is true—that is, when future citations to the article do not also acknowledge the article's own intellectual forebears—the article can be seen as disrupting its domain".	3
According to Table 1, the world's proportion of international collaboration on COVID-19 (32%) was higher than recent years, prior to the pandemic (26%).	4
From a policy perspective, knowledge of any patterns in retractions may be useful in developing targeted responses to deal with the root causes.	5
For the past two decades, among the total of 2,199 keywords coded, apparel design was the most frequently reported main theme, accounting for 31.4% of the data, followed by inspirational references (27.3%), textiles (25.6%), sustainable practices (7.9%), technology (7.1%), and nonapparel (0.7%).	4
We found that non-mainstream journals serve the following functions: 1) offer a space for initiation into publishing (training); 2) provide a link between articles in mainstream journals and articles read by communities with limited access to them (knowledge-bridging); 3) publish topics that are not well covered by mainstream journals (knowledge gap-filling).	4
This article introduced metaknowledge, a Python package for computational research in information science, network analysis, and science of science.	5
A total of 340 articles, published between 1988 and 2016, were selected.	4
This is an Open Access article distributed in accordance with the Creative Commons Attribution Non Commercial (CC BY-NC 4.0) license, which permits others to distribute, remix, adapt, build upon this work non-commercially, and license their derivative works on different terms, provided the original work is properly cited and the use is non-commercial.	0
Preprints were also collected through a search on Dimensions for terms in Title and Abstract; 'Preprint' in Publication Type and 'Imperial College London' in Research Organization.	2
Therefore, the findings may support present and future research in this field by shedding light on the networks, trends, and contents in the related literature.	5
1 the collaboration rate among SM authors, by years, produced an upward trend over the past 35 years, plus, in recent years, single-authored papers significantly declined.	4
Number of received citations for the years' articles per each year (year of publication and all the following years).	0
The 372 articles selected for further analysis received 6698 citations, making the average number of citations per article equal to 18.01.	4
Our findings stress the superiority of markup formats (a 79% detection rate on XML and HTML) over the prominent PDF format (a 69% detection rate at most) regarding an error flagging task.	4
The research performance of each SEA country and university was assessed through Scopus database using the following bibliometric indicators: total number of publications (P), total number of citations excluding self-citations (C), citations per publication (CPP), percent of non-cited articles (%PNC), and h-index.	2
I investigate this theory on academic status hierarchies by conceptualizing sub-disciplinary specializations as departmental lifestyles and PhD exchange networks as interdepartmental interactions.	1
Specific searches were conducted using SciVal to identify FWCI and iCite to determine RCR values for each research scholarship recipient.	3
The two other journals are purely open access journals offering their authors the possibility of gold open access publishing.	4
ICMJE has recommendations that discourage listing people as authors who did not have a specific level of contribution to an item.	5
Regression results using linear probability models (LPMs) based on the sample of economics PhDs are reported in panel A, Table 3.	3
The research is conducted based on scientific papers in the field of oncology.	1
Finally, the article concludes with a discussion and an outlook of future work.	0
The reason was classified as fabrication, falsification, plagiarism, duplicate publication, authorship, scientific error, other ethical issue, and unknown.	3
Department of Law, Centre for Social Ethics and Policy, School of Social Sciences, University of Manchester, Manchester, UK	0
After this study, we confirmed the dominant influence of the USA in the field of immunotherapy for sepsis.	5
To provide evidence-based data and trends related to burnout in radiologists so that researchers can work on it further and develop preventive strategies to overcome this problem.	1
Conclusion: Variability was identified based on institution, gender, and rank.	5
To analyze a phenomenon such as time to first laser patent application in a region, conventional OLS regression techniques are inappropriate, for two reasons.	3
The results show that Gross National Income per capita is the strongest predictor of research output across all the fields studied.	4
Predatory journals are rarely indexed in bibliographic databases and only the very largest publishers provide DOIs that enable discovery by Google Scholar.	0
This study used bibliometric data to explore the contributions of Muslim-majority science systems to global science.	2
We hypothesized that as groups increase in size, productivity would decrease with greater heterogeneity.	1
Up to now, the internationally recognized indices to evaluate the academic influence of a journal are mainly the total number of citations, the impact factor and the immediacy index,(11) and these important indices have strong persuasion when used to illustrate the academic influence of a journal.	3
If we want to identify a profiling field at TU Dresden from Fig.	4
Do specific profiles of scientists have shorter research careers than others?	1
The phylomemy reconstruction process can be described as a combination of four subsequent operators summarized by Figure 1.	3
Thus, the final set used in the analysis consisted of 8118 citing journals.	2
In this paper, a comparison of topic modeling based literature analysis has been done using full texts and abstracts of articles.	1
We are grateful to the anonymous referees for helpful comments on an earlier version of this article.	0
The criteria for including a global ranking were that a rating was provided as well as a ranking, and that this rating was calculated from multiple indicators.	2
RQ3: Do the articles in the ECECSR journal accurately reflect the problems and trends in the field of local development and innovation?	1
Collaboration type was determined by the addresses of the authors, where the term “internationally collaborative article" was assigned to those articles that were coauthored by researchers from outside of Panama.	3
A document search for articles published in those journals was carried out in Scopus in April 2018.	2
In addition, the overall international collaboration for Chile is 38%, which is substantially larger than the 9% collaboration rate with other Latin American countries.	4
Confirmatory -factor analysis (CFA) was applied in the study to examine whether the process of conducting online examinations is being chosen as the appropriate form of assessment, ensuring the safety and well-being of students through AMOS (version 24) software.	3
The Retraction Watch database was used for identification of retracted papers from paper mills, Web of Science was used for the total number of published papers, and data from Journal Citation Reports were collected to show characteristics of journals.	2
The study also allowed the Libraries to see how much of the materials cited by the faculty in their publications are owned locally.	5
The results indicate that community pharmacists are at risk of accessing journals of questionable quality.	5
These observations are in line with the findings of previous studies (e.g.	5
Our second dataset aims at gathering publications with the following keywords: “Computational social science” or “social computing” in social sciences research area.	2
The study also found that the sample set of 2,516 cited journal articles from 464 journals upheld the 80/20 rule in that 85% of the citations come from the top 20% of the journal titles.	4
Bornmann & Tekles, 2019), or construct indicators that do not rely on the same products (e.g., annual output).	5
Contrary to much of the literature, which states that RC originates publications with higher scientific impact than non-collaborative research, the findings in this study clearly show that the impact depends on the development of the RIS of the collaborating countries.	5
Formally, our definition for the semantic dissimilarity δ relies on the classical tf.idf framework [60], where concept occurrence frequency (term frequency tf) in a blogger's post production is divided by its occurrence frequency in the whole corpus (inverse document frequency idf).	3
Data Availability Statement: All relevant data are within the paper and its Supporting Information files.	0
The purpose of this research is to analyze the main characteristics of publishers with journals that have received the DOAJ Seal.	1
Content similarity employs a Word2Vec neural model to generate fixed-length feature representations of policy documents, followed by exploiting various distance-based similarity metrics to evaluate semantic similarities between policy document vectors.	3
Part IV provides five case studies exemplifying corporate RM, while Part V discusses implications, describes ways in which federal regulations could already encompass organization-level RM, and identifies some needed legal and regulatory adjustments.	2
If anything, the pressure in Germany has been to increase teaching responsibilities rather than emphasizing research'.	0
A study released by the Google Scholar team found an apparently increasing fraction of citations to old articles from studies published in the last 24 years (1990–2013).	2
In this article, we'll use the terms node, actor, author, and vertex interchangeably.	0
The co-citation network was ultimately partitioned into communities using an advanced version of the Louvain algorithm, an optimization method that, “finds high modularity partitions of large networks in a short time and that unfolds a complete hierarchical community structure for the network, thereby giving access to different resolutions of community detection” (Blondel et al., 2008, p.	3
This study helps in understanding the application of h and h-type indices and establishes that these indices are helpful in supporting and monitoring RPE and can be used along with traditional activity and impact metrics.	5
To perform our analysis, we selected the first 100 references obtained from each of the three databases with the same search terms (see above) and with these created an offline database to perform further analyses.	2
We approached 124 university and commercial presses (specifically, commissioning editors) focused on monographs via email and invited them to partake in a survey hosted by Survey Monkey (see the Appendix).	2
A search phrase was constructed on PubMed using country of affiliation, year of publication and journal title.	3
We have analyzed the publishing data in the cell biology field and found several alarming trends developing over the last two decades.	1
A higher share of cited authored books is in favor of non-SPI publishers, confirming the thesis that there is a distinct orientation towards national, regional and local topics in social science studies especially in non-English speaking countries.	5
In the end he implemented Pearson's chi-squared test.	3
This is the first study that depicts the global network of Wroc?aw scientific activities in the field of social sciences.	1
We argue that contemporary ML citation classification models overlook essential aspects while selecting the appropriate features that hinder elutriating the asymmetric citation data.	1
Articles were grouped by type: open journal, hybrid, closed license, and open repository.	3
School of Physics and Astronomy, Queen Mary University of London, London E1 4NS, UK	0
Conference proceedings, however, remain an important primary source of peer-reviewed literature in computer and information science literature, and the acceptance of papers at conference is in many cases considered prestigious and also highly important for promotion and tenure (Shamir, 2010).	5
The data was gathered from PubMed with the following keywords: “retracted publication" [Publication Type] AND editorial [Publication Type].	2
The results show that IJIMAI has experienced a remarkable growth of both publications and citations in the last five years.	4
The author(s) disclosed receipt of the following financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article: This project was funded in part by the National Science Foundation under Grant No.	0
This type of WFC procedure can be calculated using the following formula where n is the total number of authors on the manuscript, and m represents a given author's position in the author order:	3
Therefore, to achieve this goal, this study aims to answer the following questions (i) What are the overall publication trends in terms of publication output?, (ii) What are the dominant knowledge carriers in these areas?, (iii) What are the dominant topics/ clusters, and what is their temporal evolution?	1
The supplementary material for this article can be found at https://doi.org/10.1017/S174413742200025X	0
The results of the analysis indicate that where researchers receive funding from EMBO and from HFSP at the same time, rather than separately, (i.e.	4
Evidence points to indications that the library is still at the heart of institutions with the highest research ranking.	5
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
These are compiled and calculated by the IDEAS/RePEc bibliographic database which, as of October 2016, ranked a total of 1,691 journals in economics.	2
Thousands of official titles in the dictionary are organized and presented in a three-tier hierarchical structure, reflecting the entire government system in the Ming Dynasty.	2
The first method applied here is entity linking technique that can solve limitations just mentioned because it offers the advantage of obviating the need for manual topic labeling or specifying the number of topics, thus making it a promising alternative to traditional topic modeling approaches (cf., Marrone, 2020; Marrone et al., 2022).	3
In order to illustrate the information gain values, we have developed what we have called the 'Heliocentric Clockwise Maps' (see Fig.	3
Manuscript submissions to IJMHS increased each year from 2007 to 2011, with a decline in 2012.	4
The term “conference proceedings” in this paper on the other hand refers to all publications in the CPCI of the type article.	3
Twitter Analytics and Facebook Analytics are free web analytic tools offered by Twitter and Facebook that summarize the performance of their accounts for the previous 28 days.	3
Most international collaboration is done, by country, with the USA, France, and Thailand; and by institution, with Mahidol University, the Pasteur Institute and Oxford University.	4
As proof of the "sneaked references" manipulation happening, let us analyze three journals published by Technoscience Academy, an Indian open access publisher and Crossref member.	2
HRS indicators were scored in three axes based on effective HRS functions: Indicators of stewardship axes were the assessment of health research priority setting; five-year strategic plan formulation and monitoring; establishment and performance of Ethic Committee.	3
If we accept Zuckerman and Merton's categorization summarized in the introduction, one might say that in the 1930s the refereeing model followed by Physical Review was instead similar to what they called the ‘oligarchical model' of the refereeing practice.	5
The Wald test statistics W are the ratio of each coefficient to its standard error.	0
Citation: Peoples BK, Midway SR, Sackett D, Lynch A, Cooney PB (2016) Twitter Predicts Citation Rates of Ecological Research.	0
Furthermore, our results have highlighted that some of the most frequent keywords in the publications from the ECECSR Journal are “model”, “cointegration”, and “growth”.	5
The increased experimentation exhibited by Fields Medal recipients in the postmedal period can account for about half of the decline in productivity.	4
In this article, we focus on the major determinant(s) of the nations' worldwide ranking in scientific production.	1
In order to increase the number of OA materials, librarians should continue to emphasize depositing pre- and post-prints in disciplinary and institutional repositories and retaining the author rights prior to publication in order to make it possible to do so.	5
An academic journal ranking in the field of Supply Chain Management and Logistics (SCML) is used to test the validity obtained by mapping results.	1
Further comparison of the results shows that the number of publications referenced in Scopus far exceeds that of WoS across all three subject fields over the same period.	4
Hence the idea of introducing alongside this sleeping beauty construct the idea of “restless sleep”.	5
Our objective is to develop a typology of citation contexts to gain a deeper understanding of citation practices and determine their functional roles.	1
What are the barriers and enablers to collaborative research in project management?	1
Our results should therefore be read as statistics with margins of error.	0
Criteria for publication in prestigious high-impact journals often requires authors of the peripheries to adopt rhetorical conventions reflecting dominant bodies of knowledge and ways of knowing practised at the core.	4
Personal satisfaction was not significantly different between categories (effect: 0.02; 95%CI: -0.06;0.01).	4
(2017), but now also in fields beyond biomedical sciences.	5
Sixth, the impact may promote the evaluation of researchers not solely based on productivity.	5
Given that there is much variance in citation patterns within disciplines, we sought to answer the following question: Why are some articles more highly cited than others?	1
First, in place of Google's PageRank, we use metrics developed by Moz Analytics including their own rank measure, MozRank.	2
The included participants were doctoral students currently in their third year of a biomedical PhD programme (2 groups) and experts – researchers who already obtained their PhD and had significant previous scientific experience (defined as 3 or more published papers) (1 group).	2
The objectives of this study were as follows: (1) to examine the trends in food web research during recent decades by analysing publications data from Web of Science (WoS), by especially focusing on ecosystem types, countries in which the studies were done, and which countries collaborated on the studies; (2) to find out potential knowledge areas that have not been adequately addressed by researchers.	1
The mean recall and mean precision calculated from all the matched Author IDs were 98.44 and 99.36 % respectively (Table 1).	4
‘Having EU-funded research’ Yes/No) a generalized linear mixed model (function glmer, family binomial, logit) was used with region (East or West) as fixed and country nested in hub as random effect.	3
Also evident is an increase in citations when a single manuscript is available in multiple OA sources.	4
Some of the variables we have examined in both samples include (1) authorship, (2) affiliation, (3) country of origin, and (4) topic of the research articles.	3
In 1986, the American Society of Anesthesiologists created the Foundation for Anesthesiology Education and Research (FAER) to fund young anesthesiology investigators toward the goal of helping launch their academic careers.	1
If more publishers reported OA invoicing on the article level and in a machine-readable format, this would increase transparency and improve monitoring of the scholarly journal landscape over time.	5
There was significant annual growth in the number of research articles (β = 85.157, R2 = 0.824, P<0.001) and reviews (β = 9.007, R2 = 0.428, P = 0.021).	4
In contrast to the current trend towards larger grants in research funding, the survey clearly showed that most scientists prefer small or medium-sized grants to pursue their ideas and advance their scientific careers.	5
More generally, the results provide empirical support for the argument that democracy and science share similar values, are productively compatible, and that democracy provides the context for the full development and flourishing of global scientific inquiry [46–50].	5
Three, what type of change do rotators bring about: a “go big” (larger grants) approach or a "go-safe" approach (small and medium size grants)?	1
When quartiles by the 2-IF value are used, only two Russian journals fall into the JCR BD Q1—Uspekhi matematicheskikh nauk (Russian Mathematical Surveys; the cluster “Mathematics”) and Laser Physics Letters (the cluster “Physics and Astronomy”), the latter being attributed by JCR to two categories: “Optics” and “Physics, Applied.”	4
No significant correlation was found by Spearman analysis (R=0.016, p=0.592).	4
Table 1 Slovenian medical journals classified as to whether open access	0
3 Articles per one million inhabitants of the 20 countries with more articles on Onychophora	0
In CORE, we combine an effective evaluation index called the collaboration intensity index with a series of structural features to recognize collaborative teams in which members are in close collaboration relationships.	3
We retrospectively investigated the scientific and academic production of students after their graduation from a cardiology postgraduate program.	1
In this sense, the present analysis of the interrelationship between the Ibero-American and the global contexts implies that there is a need to continue working in especial depth on various fronts:	5
Overall, the impact of OA articles published within the United States is higher than OA articles published in China.	4
3 Based on our experience, they requires about 15–20 min for each error.	0
The AAS was identified using the browser extension downloaded from the Altmetric website and the following parameters were extracted from Scopus for the identified articles within the journal: AAS, number of authors, single or multicentre authorship, sample size, primary author name, senior author name, primary author H-index during year of collection, senior author H-index during year of collection, primary author country, senior author country, number of readers, number of citations, and level of evidence.	2
After excluding the cases which had been partially completed or where the same rating had been applied to all of the survey items, the final sample was reduced to 588 participants.	2
There are, however, clear differences between social science and humanities disciplines, which need to be considered in research evaluation and science policy.	5
A closed-ended questions questionnaire was sent to former residents about their characteristics, subsequent professional development, and research project characteristics.	2
The United States and China are two leading countries in anticancer research.	5
To illustrate this provocative claim, we want to compare citations with the "like" buttons which are used in social network services, blogs, Internet forums, and so on to explain the preference for the cited perspective in citation analysis.	3
The second type uses data from supra-institutional databases in formalized evaluation procedures while not using a qualifying approach to books using lists and rankings (CZ, LT, ME, PL).	4
We internasionalize through the share of foreign academic staff (share foreign academics), defined as academics not having the nationality of the country (UOE, 2006).	3
Workplace culture, being open to collaborations, and attending conferences and meetings were the top selected strategies for finding research collaborators with the highest relative success rates.	4
The data in this study consist of 63,002 full-text articles published from 2014 to 2015 in the PLoS journal family, a set of peer-reviewed journals covering various disciplines.	2
Our findings suggest that COVID-related psychological research ticked at least as many 'quality boxes' as non-COVID or pre-COVID research.	5
We assess first the speed and range of diffusion of CDM and investigate next the 'origins' and further 'genealogical' make up of the knowledge recombinations within the CDM universe.	1
Our method included the use of an initial filter based on the number of citation occasions within a citing paper followed by the application of a citation classification template called the HERG Assessment of Citations Template (HACT) based on the importance of a reference to the citing paper.	3
The first, funding intensity (f_intensity), is calculated to gauge the relative intensity of funding for a publication.	3
Articles originating from England, Scotland, Northern Ireland, and Wales were reclassified as being from the United Kingdom (UK) (Chiu and Ho, 2005).	3
As a distance measure between two colors, we used the International Commission on Illumination (CIE) delta-E function from 1994 [44].	3
Publications from East Germany in the field of telecommunica- tions research for the periods 1973-87 (partly interpolated).	0
Our case study showed that a purported nutritional treatment for lung disease has received continued citation for 11 years after its formal retraction from the literature in 2008, when data from the human trial promoting this treatment was deemed fake.	5
Questionnaire was designed on Google Forms and an email was sent to the head/chief librarians of purposely selected 57 universities.	2
The Composite Index QQCI(1) is compared to the h-index of the Universities and found to vary as a cubic polynomial in h (R2 = 0.9996) as seen in Fig.	4
VR has successfully been used in six review sessions with a maximum of 34 discussed applications per session, special emphasis panel reviewers are more receptive to VR than SS reviewers, VR is a duplicable and low-cost method of review, and practitioners and scientists are urged to serve as reviewers because doing so may assist them in receiving funding.	5
In equation (2), the probability of funding for grant application i from applicant j is explained by the full set of text characteristics discussed earlier in this section and a set of control variables.	3
Metadata of articles were gathered from Web of Science on January 2, 2021.	2
Among non-Balkan countries, China, which had no contribution in the first decade, dominates in the second decade in both the total number of contributions and in the number of original papers (Figure 8).	4
In econometrics, corresponding models are known as two-part models (Jones 2000).	3
Based on the number of citations received in the first 36 months (Table 2) the 'Novoselov paper' belongs to the top 1 % of publications from Volume 306 of Science, the volume it appeared in.	4
In other words, the Matthew effect is reinforced by letting the papers published by agents with higher h index values be cited more frequently than the agents with lower h index values.	4
This study applies a bibliometric lens to describe the landscape of gender disparities in scientific research in MENA.	1
Following [93], bootstrapping was used to assess the path coefficients' significance.	3
The problem appears not to be a function of being overrun with review requests, but rather a structural problem of searching beyond the usual suspects.	5
The data are not publicly available due to privacy or ethical restrictions.	0
The moderated mediation model was further tested using Model 7 in PROCESS.	3
Table 2 shows the top ten ranking Iranian medical sciences universities in terms of their scores on knowledge production.	0
This total is divided by the total number of articles and reviews published by NHJ in 2011 and 2012.	3
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
We used ProQuest's (ProQuest,)- academic database to identify the necessary materials (i.e., doctoral capstone abstracts from universities of interest).	2
What is the conceptual structure (motor themes, and emerging or declining themes) in scientific publications about consumer neuroscience, neuromarketing and neuroaesthetics?	1
Research on lipid panels, diet impact, and insulin resistance in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome will continue to be a hotspot.	5
To do so, the citation counts of ten scholars, each with five articles, were simulated using a log normal distribution.	2
To conduct a census of IRs at RPUs, the researcher first compiled a list of RPUs in the United States of America and its territories.	2
The estimates for the segmented regression component in model M8 indicate the average causal effect per researcher per year that participation in the different phases of the research center had on the researchers' number of publications (Table 4).	4
We used a non-systematic review of public data sources to identify various AAAs for Oncology and Rare Disease drugs categorized by the US list prices of 'less-than-$100,000', 'between-$100,000- and -$250,000' and 'above-$250,000'.	3
We also sought to explore the association between geography, subject of study and researcher baseline characteristics on the success of grant applications and academic output of NIAA research grants.	1
The intellectual and conceptual structure of this research field is studied by carrying out a sociometric analysis of the co-word and cocitation networks (García-Lillo et al., 2017; Aparicio; Iturralde; Maseda, 2019).	3
The user can identify a list of "PubMed Identifiers," namely, PMIDs, in Medline/PubMed to match with WoS data.	3
Exercise and Sport Sciences Graduate Program-Gama Filho University; and Clinimex-Exercise Medicine Clinic, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil	0
In this pioneering study, more than 9000 scientists from eight societies the United States, the United Kingdom, India, Italy, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Turkey, and France were surveyed to gauge scientists' attitudes and experiences.	1
Although citation remains the most widely accepted index of a paper, researchers should not ignore the impact of papers via social media.	5
The scientific publications related to nanofiltration membranes used in this paper were gathered from the SCI bibliographic database maintained by Thomson Reuters in the United States (US).	2
Last, we conclude and present possible future directions in this area.	0
There were 66% (n = 889) of retracted articles having male senior or corresponding authors.	4
Given that a number of trustees of US research universities sit on the boards of directors of large corporations with research interests, we hypothesized that trustees may be an important channel connecting universities to innovation and economic development.	1
The metrics can be categorized into three groups according to the strength of their correlations, where Degree Centrality, H-index, and Coreness are in one group, Betweenness Centrality, Clustering Coefficient, and frequency in another, and Weighted PageRank by itself.	4
Design: Survey of the CTSA Child Health Oversight Committee (CC-CHOC) and review of nonresponders' CTSA Websites.	2
= United States; OR CI = 95% odds ratio confidence interval.	0
Plagiarism, as a form of intellectual theft, represents a serious and growing problem in science.	5
In this study, the techniques adopted were co-occurrence analysis of title word, cluster analysis, burst detection of word and keyword frequency methods to understand the LIS research trends in India between 2004 to 2015.	3
Which scholars and institutes published the most papers in Industry 4.0 in Vietnam?	1
The study was partially funded by the Brazilian National Research Council (CNPq) with grants for Tarcísio Osório Ferreira and Juliana Okawati, who assisted with data collection and processing.	0
Let us now try to trace the genesis of this dispute.	0
Finally, VOSviewer based bibliometric visualization graphics are used to identify the changes of the research hotspots in the SVM field.	3
The study uses multiple data sources: (1) the Korean Researcher Information service provided by the National Research Foundation of Korea; (2) the Korean Citation Index, Web of Science and Scopus for publication data, (3) the Korea Intellectual Property Rights Information Service; (4) a higher education database provided by the Ministry of Education, Korea and (5) an international comparative survey entitled 'The Changing Academic Profession'.	2
This study is aimed at investigating the perceptions by academic librarians in Africa on the possible choice of open access journal as their publication preference.	1
Twitter users were predominantly located in Europe and North America, while most Facebook users were located in Europe and South America (Figs.	4
Our recommendation is to include additional items on the manuscript-submission form such that authors acknowledge, for example, whether hypotheses were created retroactively after examining the results.	5
Author data from each journal was collected from searches in the database Scopus, limited to three document types (articles, reviews and notes), and limited to the period 1997–2020.	2
Combining the above influencing factors, we constructed two multiple linear regression models.	3
I would like to thank Merle Jacob and the other participants of the R-QUEST workshop in Oslo, Jochen Gl?ser, the members of the Sociology of Science group, Alexander Kladakis, Sven Ulpts, the three anonymous referees and the editor Thomas Franssen for their helpful feedback on earlier versions of this article.	0
These latter data do show some support for the notion that papers with multiple authors are cited more than singly-authored papers, U = 15.5, p = 0.001 (the titles of these papers and their citation rates are presented in the Appendix).	4
The name and corresponding type of repository were registered for each copy found: disciplinary (DR) and institutional (IR), with an indication of the Spanish items among the latter.	3
Keywords Fractal · Power-law · Scale independent · Self-similar · Science system	0
This work was supported in part by the National Science Foundation of China under Contract 61702009, and in part by the Social Science Planning Program of Anhui Province under Contract AHSKQ2016D80.	0
Finally, we used the bibliographic information of 281 publications in the analysis.	2
In this contribution we used the year-based h- and R-indices, together with the notions of a core interval and a core gap to describe the development of molecular research in the context of nervous system diseases, focusing on the most important (mainstream) aspects.	5
To obtain a time consistent ranking of patents, the vector of weights can be used to construct a moving or sliding time window over annual cohorts.	3
Most interview respondents in the Natural Sciences Department uphold the macro-discourse of internationalisation and its relation to quality.	4
Section II explains literature selection process, and Section III describes literature analysis methods.	0
The main characteristics including title, year of publication, citation, authorship, journal, country, institution, and topic were generated.	3
respectively low-, moderate- and high-teaching demands) public universities in the United States.	2
This study questions a relationship that has not been explored or tested heretofore regarding how forward citations might be linked with firms' financial performance.	1
Scientific production on the passion fruit peel flour featured 254 citations retrieved from different scientific materials, averaging 6.05 citations per article and 21.17 citations per year.	4
The development of MAATrica represents a significant step forward in the evaluation of research papers within the fields of medicinal and nutraceutical chemistry.	5
To what extent can citation models of typical citation patterns reproduce atypical citation patterns?	1
With this in mind, this study analyses the origins, geographical regions, countries, and institutions, of OM research in 11 top level academic journals from 1985 through 2010.	1
We find that the four groups with ample excellence funding are able to do more research and can fund specific additional research activities.	4
Applying a network approach and using as unit of analysis articles indexed in the Web of Science (WoS) this analysis maps the research collaboration by gender within dozen of scientific subjects, all associated with Economics.	3
In this study we found a significant open access citation advantage for OA articles of all types—gold, green, and bronze—relative to closed access articles published in hybrid journals (Fig.	5
The Google Scholar citation is used as an indicator for measuring the effect of visibility on the citation.	2
To characterize the high impact research, a bibliometric analysis was conducted on highly cited articles related to wind tunnel based on the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED) database from 1900 to 2014.	1
Our considerations and discussions are based on a (small) case study for which we have examined all (six) business schools at public universities in Austria.	1
This study investigates the extent to which economic research is shared on social media platforms with an emphasis on mentions in policy documents in addition to other mentions such as Twitter or Facebook.	1
The “mega journal” phenomenon does not seem to be a common practice among all the journal lists studied.	4
The columns indicate, from left to right, the cluster number #; the name of the cluster (Label); the absolute (P) and relative (%) number of publications; the number of citations to the HCKB cluster from the seed set (Cseed) and the all-citing set (Call); the overlap (ОJKB) between the HCKB cluster and publications in the JKB; the average year of publication in the cluster (YHCKB) and the average year of the citing seed publication (Yseed); and, finally, the most informative NPs for that cluster	0
The second dataset, created and used in Abbasi and Jaafari (2013), extracts the publication records of top 10 journals of the “Information Science & Library Science” which are nominated based on their 2009 impact factor as enumerated in Web of Science Journal Citations Report.	2
From the results of the study it appears that each of the journals is gradually increasing the amount of reviews it is publishing.	5
The results were further characterized for coauthorship links and visualized by VOS viewer software.	3
The fact that the ‘Novoselov paper' is cited in patents shows that this publication links science and technology.	5
This is an open access journal, and articles are distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 License, which allows others to remix, tweak, and build upon the work non-commercially, as long as appropriate credit is given and the new creations are licensed under the identical terms.	0
This suggests that the rich get richer phenomenon has been weak in both networks.	4
Disclaimer The first author is not associated with any academic institute, blog or web-site.	0
Our results show that about 152 actively publishing journals have reverse-flipped since 2005, suggesting that this phenomenon does not constitute merely a few marginal outliers, but instead a common pattern within scholarly publishing.	4
This reveals that China is currently failing to obtain S&T demographic dividend similar to economic development by increasing S&T human scale which is, instead, detrimental to the improvement of international academic recognition (Bloom et al., 2003).	5
Future studies should investigate the specific features of highly cited articles and factors reinforcing distribution of research data among scholars and non-scholars.	5
FIGURE 1 The data collection and filtering process for the bibliometric analysis of spermatogenesis	0
Note: The values in bold represent the indicators where we observed statistical significant differences; P-value < 0.05.	0
In this paper, we aim to propose a unified and scalable methodology for predicting scientific disruption.	1
Data was sourced from the Web of Science Database using an advanced search.	2
A select set of highly cited publications from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) HIV/AIDS Clinical Trials Networks was used to illustrate the integration of time interval and citation data, modeling the progression, dissemination, and uptake of primary research findings.	1
Most Al scientists who move to China come from the U.S., and most who move to the U.S. come from China, highlighting a notable bidirectional talent migration.	4
The objective was to describe the distribution of h for AEPs and to determine whether Hirsch's demonstration of the h-index as a predictor of continued scholarly activity among physicists would also apply to AEPs.	1
A higher number of authors per article was seen in articles from: higher impact journals, European and Asian countries, original research type, and those journals who explicitly endorse the ICMJE guidelines.	5
Six, seven, and twenty countries had no first author, corresponding author, and first-author publications, respectively.	0
A total number of 14 survey responses were received from the three schools.	2
As the Kolmogorov-Smirnov Tests rejected the normality of distributions for the evidence and experimental groups in general as well as in the gender ones, Non-parametric analyses including Kruskal-Wallis and Mann-Whitney U Tests were carried out to compare the groups.	3
The findings suggest that researchers should be aware of potential variations in data captured by different alternative metrics platforms.	5
Compare the differences among citation databases for these publications.	1
Altogether, 492 journals were identified, publishing a combined total of 111,312 articles in 2011; 77.8% of these articles were made OA within 12 months from publication, with 85.4% becoming available within 24 months.	2
We chose to use VOSviewer (by Nees Jan van Eck & Ludo Waltman; e.g., see [38]), a freely available user-friendly tool, commonly used for constructing and visualizing bibliometric networks.	3
By combining the experts' opinion (The Delphi expert group consists of 21 experts in the field of higher education.	2
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
The main question addressed in this paper is whether some relevant characteristics of research collaboration would emerge in networks where subjects are linked whenever they co-occur in a common paper.	1
Thomson Reuters – Journal Citation Report (JCR) 2011 was used to collect information related to journal impact factor (IF).	3
The greatest extent of shared journal citations, shared keywords, and shared authorship, and shared journals occurred between Nano and Bio.	5
All the studies that were opened to patient admission on the website http://cedd.saglik-network.org between August 26, 2013 and March 1, 2021 were reviewed.	2
Third, scientific discoveries including theoretical discoveries are also predominately cumulative, with only 1% of over 750 major discoveries having been abandoned.	4
This study confirms that the Impact Factor, despite its prominence, fails to demonstrate favorable consistency.	5
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:333301 []	0
In sum, while our estimates are only indicative of a quality–quantity trade-off in knowledge production, they clearly rule out positive effects of research spending on the impact of the knowledge produced.	5
The final stable scores are used as the indicator of the significance of the papers.	0
This increased breadth of the T cell response suggests that ipilimumab works by activating T cells directed against previously untargeted tumor-related antigens, rather than by boosting preexisting immune responses.	5
Subscription to commercial, fee-based anti-plagiarism services is universal among all the sampled universities.	4
The concept of relative comparative advantage (RCA) was proposed by Balassa (1965) to investigate the relocation of resources due to trade liberalization.	3
Research question 2: How do resulting clusters differ in terms of academic position type, subject discipline, and productivity?	1
A concept highlighted in a publication may not receive substantial attention.	5
Our study involved the extraction and analysis of evidence sources for references included in ten mental health policy documents published within the last 10 years in the United Kingdom.	2
I study how scientists respond to interruptions in the flow of their research funding, focusing on research grants at the National Institutes of Health (NIH), which awards multi-year, renewable grants.	1
The selected MeSH terms in each year were divided into four quartiles according to the total number of indexed articles, with Q1 being the least popular and Q4 being the most popular.	3
Various factors affect outcomes of scientific teamwork, including the team size (i.e., the number of authors of a paper) (Wuchty et al., 2007; Wu et al., 2019), internationality (i.e., the number of countries involved in a paper) (Hsiehchen et al., 2015; Coccia and Wang, 2016), ethnic diversity (i.e., the number of ethnicities involved in a paper) (AlShebli et al., 2018), interdisciplinarity (i.e., the number of disciplines of authors involved in a paper) (Van Noorden, 2015; Lariviére et al., 2015), and team freshness (i.e., fraction of authors who have not collaborated with others before) (Zeng et al., 2021).	0
GS consistently found the largest percentage of citations across all areas (93%-96%), far ahead of Scopus (35%-77%) and WoS (27%-73%).	4
Editorials, position papers, and book reviews were excluded from the article list.	2
Of the 32 redundant publications, a majority were salami publications (n = 22, 68.8%), three (9.4%) were classified as dual and meat extender publications each, and two each (6.2%) as suspected dual and a miscellaneous category.	4
First and foremost, however, we hope that funders will make use of our comparative overview to critically evaluate and improve their funding schemes.	5
Although the workflow requires manual steps for exporting and importing Excel files, the whole process takes less than one hour to complete.	4
Has Australia increased its quantum of top-tier economics research since 2000, a period during which the institutional emphasis on quality research has continued to increase?	1
Statistical analyses were performed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) Statistics for Windows, Version 20.0 (Publisher: IBM Corp., USA, 2011).	3
Because the data is not subject to normal distribution, in this research, we use two non-parametric tests: Kruskal-Wallis (1952) test and Mann-Whitney (1947) test.	3
By shaping indicators, we are shaping the future governance of science systems as well, in a way that we cannot, however, fully control.	5
Dataset on researcher's mobility by utilising bibliometric data: Case of Finland-based scholars for the duration of 2008-2018	1
The first data set has been collected by Valenzuela et al.	2
Our approach for tracing the evolution of a research field with a keyword co-occurrence network can shed light on identifying and assessing the evolution of science.	5
WoS and GS citation counts for scientific articles were modeled by negative binomial regression (NB) using the predictors of LOE, number of centers, number of authors, and impact factor.	3
This places substantial pressure on Chinese PhD students, potentially compromising the quality of doctoral programs and negatively impacting the academic ecosystem.	5
The percentage is expressed as a fraction of 208 countries involved	0
The equations use five predictors: number n of articles written, current h index, number y of years since publication of the first article, number j of distinct journals in which the articles came out, and number q of articles published in five top journals (Nature, Science, Nature Neuroscience, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, and Neuron).	2
This research is based on bibliometric analyses to identify path-dependent practices, patterns, and institutions in Russian nanoscience, that appear to be resistant to reform.	3
In the present study, we focus on three research questions: (1) Have the number of scientific actors and the degree of interdisciplinarity in the field of climate change increased over the years?	1
Our current and comprehensive analysis [1] assesses highly cited reproductive medicine research published in the reproductive medicine science category supplemented with other relevant science categories; [2] identifies specific areas of successful research and collaboration in reproductive medicine among groups and countries; [3] identifies areas of research that have significantly influenced recent developments and may guide future developments of the field; and [4] compares reproductive medicine research with other areas of medical research of comparable size.	1
On May 20, 2014, we searched PubMed for articles indexed under the medical subject heading major topic "information science" whose titles or abstracts include the term "e-health."	2
Finally, according to the results of the present study, the impact of self-citations on bibliometrics is negligible and cannot influence the evaluation of the research performance of academics in medical schools.	5
Our survey showed significant differences amongst the results provided by the databases, especially for "hydroperiod” and “type of environment”.	4
Contrary to our expectations, we find that an individual's existing scholarly impact, as captured by prior citations, has no effect on this preference.	4
In the case where a cell has expected count of less than 5, Fisher's exact test, which is suitable for sparse data, was applied instead (Kim, 2017; Upton, 1992).	3
A total of 1,514 articles published in 31 LIS journals were collected initially—aiming at full articles, brief communications, and critical reviews—using digital versions of the journals.	2
The English language appears to be a strong tool of neoliberal power, used to empower or to marginalise local academics.	4
In conclusion, the normalised citation impact of research from sub-Saharan-Africa increased substantially from 2003 to 2011; collaborative research had a higher impact and was more highly cited than non-collaborative research and EDCTP-funded research was particularly highly cited and published in high impact journals.	5
We also find that research variety exerts a moderating effect on the relationships between team size and research performance.	4
Thus, the UNISIST model offers, on the one hand, an abstract of the structures from producer to user, on the other an overview of the domain in question, which is important because most researchers move “intuitively” in a domain-specific landscape.	5
The present study aimed to validate a newly developed comprehensive questionnaire for assessing the reasons for cheating behavior among nursing students.	1
This study leverages the InCites platform to examine article-level characteristics relating to 22 Essential Science Indicators (ESI) research fields, with a focus on the dynamics of gold OA articles, including gold OA uptake in the Chinese mainland and gold OA adoption in the domestic English-language academic journal publishing of the Chinese mainland.	1
The results show that although the number of OR/MS papers by Mainland China scholars grew exponentially during this period, the quality of papers needs to be further improved.	4
A key conclusion of the geographic trends is that rich countries mainly collaborate among themselves (Monge-Nájera 2018), excluding in practice the low-income tropical countries where most onychophorans species occur.	5
The comparison group was developed through extracting articles from the same journals as the top Center "journal subject categories” for the same 2005–2009 time period, then selecting a random sample of 88 articles matched on journal and publication year.	2
The results of the Kruskal–Wallis tests revealed that the male and female web-present and web-absent Nanoscientists exhibit no significant difference in their scientific production (x2 = 3.665; df = 3; Sig.	4
When adjusted by population, some European countries, including Denmark, Switzerland, and the Netherlands, ranked higher.	5
1, left), the union state between Serbia and Montenegro—over the studied period (1997–2000), to detect possible correlations between temporal changes in the colors of the domain and national events.	3
This study examines whether there are some general trends across subject fields regarding the factors affecting the number of citations of articles, focusing especially on those factors that are not directly related to the quality or content of articles (extrinsic factors).	1
The ranking uses a weighted algorithm that is largely informed by the team's expertise and knowledge of authorship rules and regulations, publication standards, and the publishing industry.	3
In a word, the novel system manifests better effectiveness in filtering out low-quality manuscripts, keeping high-quality manuscripts and further guaranteeing the overall standard of journals.	5
For Panel A, we use the weighted number of articles (WT) as our metric, which is the total number of articles contributed by an institution after adjusting for number of authors (1/N).	3
We conducted a 12-month review of ORNGE electronic paramedic records.	2
With the growing prominence of interdisciplinary research and heightened concerns surrounding extended prepublication timelines, we still lack of understanding regarding the interplay between interdisciplinary level and the duration of the peer review process.	1
Concerning the main scientific producers in Microbiology, Applied and Environmental Microbiology as a journal, R.	4
The average page number hierarchy for RU/VH was 1.05, for RU/H was 1.15, and for DRU was 1.28.	4
In the SVM model, the contextual information of citation context is considered by introducing one deep learning model of Word2vec.	3
To identify assemblages of words that represent different terminologies, we ran a hierarchical cluster analysis in R-mode.	3
home faculty research connections and faculty-industry professional connections.	1
On the other hand, the second network is based on co-authored papers (co-publications) among 28 European countries [including the UK, which was part of the EU during the study period] (Table 1, Case 2).	2
Our findings imply that the movement of AI scientists between the U.S. and China fosters fruitful collaborations that can be advantageous to both countries.	5
The transference index in patents (TIP) is proposed, and this is calculated as a percentage of publications cited in patents over the total number of publications indexed.	3
All other analysis of data including Spearman correlation, rank-biserial correlation, and Mann–Whitney test were performed using Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) version 17.	3
The proposed test for self-citation is defined as follows12: T = (H - index)2 Citations</METRIC>	3
The % above the expected value of 10% are reported in italics while the % below the expected 10% are reported in bold	0
These data were directly extracted from the search engines in November 2011 to avoid any fluctuation and anomalies in the results.	2
There are no strong differences across faculty ranks in the likelihood of having a Google Scholar profile, with the exception of emeriti, of whom only 10% have profiles.	4
In this work, we demonstrate evidence that the construction of an aggregated network introduces indirect associations, which weakens the weight of the direct association in the similarity calculation.	5
Results also show that journals with WeChat public accounts slightly outperform those without WeChat public accounts in terms of citation impact, suggesting that the WeChat presence of scientific journals is mostly positively associated with their citation impact.	5
During the 2000s, publication in international journals has remained at around the 5 per cent of total published articles.	4
Informed by a literature review of citation categorisation, we developed a prototype template to qualitatively assess a reference's importance to the citing paper and tested it on 96 papers.	3
Journals in the category social sciences Public health and psychology (SSM) showed a higher rate of (inter)national orientation compared to the other category of social science journals (SSO).	5
when it was the closest to the bottom of the list.	3
The Master List ranks 1,307 Latin American journals that are present in the studied indexes, it encompasses 805 journals that are indexed in SCIE, SSCI and/or Scopus and 502 titles only indexed in ESCI.	4
To understand the impact of IDR on scientists' careers, I have conducted two individual-level studies.	1
Just as US scientists praised Russian creativity in tinkering with and even inventing equipment, Russian scientists praised US scientists' grant-writing practices.	4
In conclusion, our study showed a slower increase in publications on 'population genetics of Neotropical plants' than general studies on population genetics.	5
This decrease will be important in teasing out potential explanations for the patterns we see.	0
Finally, we select to remove scholars who published less than ten articles, gaining 2 796 297 articles and 192 650 authors.	2
We collected data for several early-career factors, by building on a dataset we previously compiled that identified the 100 researchers with the highest h-index across eight fields that span across the natural, behavioural and social sciences (see33).	2
Our results underline the importance of normalizing citation data, and for taking citation inflation into account when conducting citation analyses expanding longer time-periods.	5
Indeed, interdisciplinarity should not be understood only as the traditional concatenation of different disciplines.	5
Do non-inbred international scholars, non-inbred national scholars and inbred mobile scholars show similar patterns when compared to homegrown (immobile) faculty members?	1
In addition, an initial attempt was made to assess innovation quantitatively by examining data on patenting activity obtained from FIS researchers' final activity reports.	3
This constitutes about 65% of the total research output for India during this period.	2
In the construction of a MST by the nearest neighbor method, one defines the subjects (in Table 1) as the nodes (n) of a weighted and connected network (NK) where the distance d between each pair of subjects i and j corresponds to the inverse of weight of the link (d = 1/L) between i and j.	3
We apply the eigenvector, betweenness, and closeness centrality metrics to identify key papers within each of the discipline-specific PLOS periodicals: PLOS Biology, PLOS Computational Biology, PLOS Genetics, PLOS Medicine, PLOS Pathogens, and PLOS Neglected Tropical Diseases.	2
Department of Radiology and Imaging Sciences, Emory University School of Medicine, Atlanta, Georgia.	0
The first factorial axis correlates positively with academic age.	4
Additionally, the final result can be confirmed by the year of publication, country/region of the journal and the number of co-authorship slots.	3
In this study, objective and evaluative bibliometrics were used to visualize and analyze findings on cardiac troponin research.	3
Which academic communities benefit from Chinese IS research?	1
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
More concretely speaking, we are trying to establish a methodology of evaluating research policies based on the biblio metric approach including an approach using centralities and by an objective clustering method based on the mutual citation relationship.	1
One of the most commonly used criteria to calculate this influence is the Impact Factor (IF), developed by Eugene Garfield (Garfield, 1955, 1972), founder of the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI), now part of Thomson Reuters, which indexes more than 11 000 scientific journals.	3
The first is the importance of taxonomy and systematics in tardigrade research.	5
42% (1,573) of the 3,743 Ukrainian A&H publications are cited at least once.	4
The PageRank scores of patents strongly and positively correlate with important measures of patent quality and the commercial value of patents identified in the pertinent literature.	5
The second one is gathered from the University of Florida's VIVO system and the last one is obtained using the VIVO system of Duke University.	2
The Chinese Academy of Sciences and the University of California System topped the list of the most active institutions in publication on the search query with records totaling to about 8%.	4
The bibliometric analysis that was conducted provides a panoramic view of the evolving trends in research on the supercritical CO2 extraction of essential oils from aromatic and medicinal plants.	5
There is a discrepancy between licencing information retrieved from the SciELO portals and the data from the journals' official websites, with a 20% deviation between both sources.	5
Focusing on Leiden and Nature Index as single-faceted, and Times Higher Education and Quacquarelli Symonds as multi-faceted rankings, it explored a sample of the universities jointly ranked by the systems in 2017 and 2020.	1
We found substantial differences in the effect of JSTOR on cites from different regions of the world.	4
To examine and organize the publication data, EndNote X7TM (Clarivate Analytics, Philadelphia, PA) was used.	3
In particular, we compare the efforts that are being made by universities in the US and Canada with those in Spanish-speaking Latin America.	1
Specifically, there is a paradox of multidisciplinarity and research collaborations, brought by the heterogeneity of diverse faculty composition.	5
Studies that fulfilled the criteria of level I evidence were identified for each journal within PubMed.	3
Our empirical analysis is based on a unique dataset of journal publications related to pharmaceutical research.	5
This paper investigates the manipulation of reputation in the context of innovation and knowledge exchange communities.	1
The results of a pilot survey conducted among political scientists in the United Kingdom and Belgium are used in order to further expose this impact.	2
This methodology unveils about 25 years of scientific trends, enables us to predict innovative couplings of fields, and illustrates how Nobel Prize papers and APS milestones drive the future convergence of previously unrelated fields.	1
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
The index h proposed by Hirsch and several variants of h are determined for Zahn's oeuvre.	1
The authors would like to thank Mark Partridge and Rose Olfert for helpful comments.	0
This approach integrates results from publication metrics, expert judgement, document analysis, surveys, interviews, and case studies.	3
How prevalent are personal websites on institutional and professional networking sites?	1
?2019 ASIS&T Published online Month 00, 2018 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
The interested reader is invited to examine the results in more detail at http://www.ludowaltman.nl/unified_approach/.	0
Some functionalities are optional, indicated with round braces, while sometimes two different functions can be used to get to the correct answer (indicated with ‘/’).	0
1 The effect of the journal name, the continent of the last author, and the article methodology on the time from submission to acceptance, acceptance to publication, and submission to publication	0
The historical path of BRICS countries starts at the beginning of the 2000s, when the acronym Brazil, Russia, India, China (BRIC) was coined.	0
H2c: Scientific papers non-self-cited by the inventor/ applicant are noisy and weakly indicate the linkage between science and technology.	1
The ipcase-index was determined by multiplying the IP days with the corresponding CNICs.	3
To review this assumption, we chose to conduct an analysis of research output considering issues of stormwater management and heavy precipitation, as reflected in the meta-information for more than 300,000 documents supplied by Elsevier’s Scopus literature database.	1
As already mentioned, the Scopus database was used to locate an individual's publication record and more specifically the Author search form which is displayed clicking the Author Search tab.	2
Although no significant gender difference was observed in knowledge integration roles, in anti-doping women appear to be more interdisciplinary than men.	4
The median time to acceptance for COVID-19 was lower than that for human influenza (8 vs.	4
The findings in this article suggest that marketing academics and educational managers wishing to raise the performance and improve the well-being of academics should look more closely at organisational support rather than additional pressure.	5
In any bibliometric analysis, retrieved data are analysed to generate specific indicators such as annual growth of publications, most frequent author keywords to gain insight into research interest and research gaps, calculation of international research collaboration, and most active authors, journals, countries and institutions.	3
≤ c < C, the journal reduces the standard of quality and chooses a medium value Qb = M.	4
Also, in the publications of 2 of our scholars, the individual was both author and acknowledged, in the case of large collaborations, where a student or grant team member was the lead author.	0
Is compliance with the Spanish OA mandate beneficial for the researchers in terms of the impact and visibility of their publications?	1
In short, high h- and m-index values simply represent one method to document an individual’s contribution to professional discourse.	5
In bibliometrics studies, researchers tend to evaluate the research performance of nations' scientific outputs based on indicators such as mean citation counts (Albarrán, Perianes-Rodríguez, & Ruiz-Castillo, 2015), mean normalized citation indicators (De Moya-Anegon, Guerrero-Bote, Lopez-Illescas, & Moed, 2018; Herranz & Ruiz-Castillo, 2012; Marshall & Travis, 2011), shares of world citations (Gonzalez-Brambila, Reyes-Gonzalez, Veloso, & Perez-Angón, 2016), shares of highly cited papers in the world (Bornmann & Wagner, 2015; Leydesdorff, Wagner, & Bornmann, 2014; Rodríguez-Navarro & Brito, 2018), etc.	0
In total 17,015,001 PubMed articles published between 2000 and 2020 were included.	2
For each of the 1990–2000 and 2001–2011 periods, we extracted the keywords of every article published in PS (Field = KeyWord Plus of Web of Science) and computed them using BibExcel software.	3
(a-c) World maps of collaborations (left panels) and log-log plots of the conditional probability of co-authorships between organizations and the distance between them (right panels).	0
We refer to newcomers in (a) and (b) as immigrants while the newcomers in (c) are referred to as offspring.	3
Furthermore, the system has been tested against some well-known machine learning techniques to demonstrate that it can provide better results.	5
This article introduces a conceptual framework of how trust in individuals (here: researchers) may be formed based on documents (web profiles) that mobilize their experiences and achievements to tell a multifaceted story of the “self.”	1
Bibliometrics is used to summarize published information as quantitative statistics, such as the rank of most productive researchers, geographic distribution of authors, rank of most productive affiliations, year of research, and increase in citations (Keshava et al., 2008).	3
This study illustrates that applying text mining and topic modeling on a corpus of research papers can provide summarised overview of big data literature by analysing articles in logical topics characterised by key relevant terms.	5
Dataset 2 involved all titles in six subject categories (Anthropology, Arts, Business and Economics, Law, Medicine and Political Science) from Dataset 1.	2
Through May 2014, the payline R01 grants generated 3895 publications, whereas the ARRA R01 grants generated 996.	4
The latter result can be interpreted as follows: a journal entering with the largest score 10 in its entry year has after two years a probability of 20 per cent (one out of five) to reveal a score of 8, i.e., a net decline of 2.	0
The cores were obtained by a pre-specified blockmodeling procedure assuming a multi-core-semi-periphery-periphery structure.	3
development of scientific works; processing or recruitment of scientific works through self-archiving and digitization; promotion of IRs in increasing its visibility; and distribution or dissemination of the local scientific works by libraries.	4
The most striking finding in figure 3 is that the career age of the first author plays the most important role in determining the tolerance for novelty.	4
This paper therefore investigates how scientists reflect on distributing grants randomly and under what circumstances they value randomization as reasonable.	1
Of the list of 99, we have extracted 18 schools which have a subject score and rank but do not have a global score or rank in the US News Rankings for 2022–23 (Table 1).	3
Our sample consists of the Top 1% Reviewers in 2018 and 2019 in each of the 22 fields plus the cross-field category.	2
When we include all spam emails, assuming researchers receive 12 spam emails per day on average, including those from publishers and journals, the cost rises to approximately US$ 2.61 billion per year.	4
Conflict of Interest: Authors did not accounted any conflict of interest for this paper.	0
However, the model was revealed to be mainly indebted to the advanced ones not only in its quantity but also in its annual enlargement.	5
Our third finding is related to funding intensity and variety.	5
The user can choose between a Poisson or negative binomial distribution for the number of previously published papers and set parameters of the distribution (the expected value for both distributions, and an additional dispersion parameter for the negative binomial distribution specifying a factor by which the variance exceeds the expected value).	2
Just to give an overview about the data from which the future analysis has been derived, we present the output numbers of all nine countries.	0
Thus, statements at the end of papers justifying authorship are ignored and are, largely, meaningless.	4
For this analysis, we conducted four binary logistic regression models.	3
We identified the source of publication data for analysis in a preexisting EndNote library of Duke School of Medicine publications that had been developed and was maintained by a Duke medical librarian.	2
We then match this sample of applicants to records of successful grant applications from the NIH, for a total of 6,931 Gates grant applications and 12,589 NIH grant applications.	2
The extracted data included the conference name, year and country, as well as the type of proceeding (book, online, journal).	3
To fully reflect ISC networks, the data used in this study cover all disciplines and all literature indexes (SCI-E, SSCI, and A&HCI).	2
"This is all around wonderful news," says Zhou Xing, an immunologist at McMaster University in Hamilton, Canada.	0
First, the inter-regional cooperation level in China's COVID-19 patent cooperation network shows a decreasing trend from eastern to central to western regions.	4
Results are presented through descriptive statistical analyses together with science maps generated with VOSviewer.	3
This document is copyrighted by the American Psychological Association or one of its allied publishers.	0
The data came from Web of Science, the database of Clarivate Analytics, which has the world's most comprehensive collection of academic information and resources covering most disciplines.	2
The most cited articles were further analyzed regarding the following information: number of citations, h-index, publication year, journals, authors, number of authors, methodological design, article topic, contributing institution and country.	3
Consequently, my findings demonstrate that global STEMM collaboration with China and academic freedom are sensitive to geopolitical competition and perceptions of the risks and opportunities of engaging with China.	5
To sum it up, we carried out a study focusing mainly on the research output of the ERC grant winners, following a methodology based on scientometric tools and network science.	5
The marginal effect of government grants on the number of papers in Canada and the US shows that additional funding leads to approximately 4 times more citations in the US than in Canada but only to a slight increase in impact on the number of papers in the US.	4
Results were analyzed using descriptive statistics and Tukey's analysis; a = 0.05.	3
The study confirms the thesis of Fassin (2022) that—as for innovation in business-innovation in scientific knowledge does not necessarily originate from the top universities.	4
Network closure is measured with triadic closure which refers to the degree to which a node's partners are also partners with each other in a network.	3
Keywords: Supercapacitor; Double layer capacitor; Electrochemical capacitors; Bibliometric analysis; Citation analysis	0
Received 9 May 2023; Received in revised form 26 December 2023; Accepted 1 January 2024	0
The Technology factor is relatively well-performed in the IRs sampled, and the Self-archive practice factor has the biggest gap between importance and the performance.	4
Science and engineering librarians, particularly those on a tenure track, are required to publish in scholarly journals.	0
Female researchers are slightly less inclined than their male colleagues to relocate abroad.	5
Regarding the collaboration patterns, there exist an increasing number of multi- authored articles along time and firstly exceeding the amount of single-authored articles in the decade of 2010 (see Table 4).	4
Editorial standards can sometimes be gleaned from a careful reading of the comments of incoming and outgoing senior editors (Emery, 1989; Ives, 1992; King, 1985; McNurlin, 1988), but these standards do not apply universally, nor is it clear that they form a basis for actual evaluation by reviewers.	0
As a result, the total number of documents used in the analysis is 502.	2
Although there are inherent potential elements of bias in citation analysis, this study demonstrates that citation analysis in a complicated topic can provide a high-throughput, accomplished method of vividly deciphering important contributions of authors and institutions to the field of hypospadias research.	5
Also, Spearman's correlation coefficient between usage data of Top 20% articles and linguistic characteristics are investigated and shown in Tables 9 and 11.	3
The present study found that 53.57% (8,195) of the research documents published on the open-access platform.	4
For the years when substantially more than 100 articles were published (1977 and later), a systematic random sample was taken so as to produce a sample of about 100 articles each year.	2
Our focus was on research related indicators and we left out aspects as teaching or acquisition of third-party funding.	5
As shown in Table 1, nine disciplines were chosen from the top, middle and bottom groups from SSCI based on 2013 aggregate impact factor values.	2
Gender, PhD degree, and pursuit of fellowship training were not associated with increased publications (P >.05).	4
The manuscript's sequential order does not have a persistent effect on the submitted manuscript, since conditional on passing a desk rejection there is no statistically significant relationship between order and the probability of rejection after peer review.	5
Citation density is citation count per year, which is obtained by dividing the total number of citations to the number of years it has been since the publication date.	3
The search in the Scopus publication database involved “Michigan State University” and associated departments (e.g.	2
The second was to recode our count of publications, book chapters, conference presentations, and grant monies to rates per year and conduct a one-way ANOVA with this recoded rate variable.	3
This citation analysis examines the use of Spanish- and Portuguese-language books and articles in PhD dissertations in Latin America at the University of New Mexico between 2000 and 2009.	1
Persistence was evident with 2,094 citations in the subsequent generations.	4
Evidence shows that the use of different multidisciplinary and international bibliographical data sources – such as Scopus and WoS - for collecting data and comparing approaches can contribute to accurate field delineation (Gl?nzel, 2015), although the completeness and quality of the data set might be skewed (Mongeon & Paul-Hus, 2016).	5
In this paper we propose a reinterpretation of this experience, focusing on how we addressed these socio-political issues and how we managed to find solutions which were acceptable both to the involved stakeholders as well as to our professional community; further, we inquire how the emerging representation of European higher education systems was influenced by these choices, as well as by the socio-political environment of the project.	1
We call this index “beauty coefficient,” denoted as B.	3
We examine 132,872 research articles appearing in 43 prominent medical and biotechnology journals published between 2005 and 2012.	2
Hungary and Slovenia are the most influential countries in terms of citations per paper.	4
Compared to female faculty (23 years), males had a higher professional age (27.21 years), and overall, full professors had had longer academic careers (29.45 years) than associate professors (18.64 years) when sampled.	4
Notes: robust standard errors are in parentheses; *** represents significance at the 1% level.	0
h-index has identified most authors in all slices whereas there exists a variation in behaviour of citation count and g-index.	4
Overall, we found that ESMQ is now moving at a reasonable pace, however, it is promising, requiring editors to better deal with its coverage barriers.	5
In addressing these aspects, this article introduces an advanced approach for the ex post evaluation of research centers.	1
Taken together, 625 unique anatomy research papers were identified (AACA n=257, BACA n=368) from the list of abstracts once duplicates had been removed.	2
For that purpose, we collect the meta-data of 1899 research articles that are the most cited between 2014 and 2018 via the Web of Science database (N=1899).	2
In particular, the models by Hirsch, Egghe and Rousseau, as well as by Gl?nzel and Schubert are examined.	3
IBM SPSS statistics software version 26 was used for data analyses.	0
Those whose theses were empirical in nature were far more likely to secure academic positions than those whose work was primarily conceptual or theoretical.	5
These comparisons revealed striking among-country variation in those elements, including wide variation in funding rates, the effort and burden required for grant applications, and the extent of emphasis on societal relevance and individual mobility.	4
A high correlation was found between legal medicine publication productivity and GDP and GDP PPP (r = 0.726, p < 0.001; r = 0.703, p < 0.001).	4
Notably, the MM pattern consistently exhibits the highest value over time compared to other patterns, while the N and NN patterns display lower values, aligning with common intuition, which indicates that the aggregation of knowledge within the MM pattern is more conducive to generating novel research.	5
No significant correlation was found between the AAS and citation count (rs = 0.07, P = .485).	4
We calculate the “grade point average” (GPA) for research output in the current standard fashion of multiplying each quality rating (on a 0 to 4 scale) by the percentage of work graded to be in that category.	3
In sum, authoritative knowledge can be generated through processes of intersubjective verifiability, 'consensus formation' and 'increase[d] explanatory coherence', which are all seen to confer epistemological advantage to collaborative inquiries.	4
Following the methodological approach taken in Prime et al.	3
Productivity (number of articles) in four institutes (Physics, Mathematics, Biotechnology, Anthropology) during the years 1982–1994, and their exponential adjusted curves.	0
Lack of funding was the most agreed challenge among all researchers whereas “no government policies” received the most support from researchers based in foreign countries, and “no research culture”, “research facilities” obtained more responses from Nepal based researchers.	4
Once the information of each paper was extracted from Google Scholar, it was automatically classified into conference or journal paper based on hand crafted rules applied to the article links.	3
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
Over the next decade open access will no doubt continue to grow and may well become the dominant model for publishing.	5
The current data show auspicious and upright digital library research productivity from the field of LIS in the past 15 years.	5
Table 1 Descriptive statistics of organizational variables, web domain size and total degree	0
The present study highlights the disparity in Brazilian gender authorship in articles published in surgical medical journals.	5
Received 11 June 2021; Revised 15 December 2021; Accepted 3 January 2022; Published 9 February 2022	0
Of the 7,884 papers published in the target journals during 2001 to 2016, 2,929 of them could be freely downloaded from SSRN, and thus 37.15% of authors chose to post their journal papers on the repository.	4
[RQ2] Given a specific confidence level and the percentile of the citation counts of a paper on a database, what is the confidence interval of the percentile on the other database?	1
A control method is proposed for the construction of a quality assessment of scientific and technical documents in natural languages based on the formalization of the perceptions of a document's content-related context.	1
The publication trends correspond well to the life cycle phases of the TGP.	5
The limitation of this research provides an opportunity for future researchers to analyze the ICT knowledge infrastructure in South Asia by taking into account non-index outlets as well.	5
The first one consists of randomly selected authors (named “Random" henceforth).	2
What are the overall scientific creativity patterns of scholars' academic careers?	1
Journals marked zero on the x-axis had no JIF or were not indexed Science Citation Index or Science Citation Index Expanded journals.	0
Received 7 March 2024; Received in revised form 2 June 2024; Accepted 12 June 2024	0
2015c, 2015d, 2015f, 2016b, 2016c, Bayram et al.	2
Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology published by Wiley Periodicals LLC on behalf of Association for Information Science and Technology.	0
The goal is to provide program staff with a robust methodology that highlights pockets of breakthrough research, thereby enabling more informed program management.	1
Our findings suggest that this model can effectively bridge the research gap and enhance scientific contributions in developing countries.	5
Against clear European patterns in which research productivity grows with age, older Polish academics (and especially those in their 50s) do not publish substantially more or attend substantially more scholarly conferences.	4
The framework aims to provide a bottom-up approach toward interdisciplinarity by quantifying the disciplinary differences through dimensions.	3
We have used the CWTS in-house WoS database for this study: 57,227 articles have been identified, with 2,035,616 cited and 744,813 citing references were collected in a 5-year period, from 2014 to 2018.	2
the proportion of the number of articles (60.63%), the proportion of references (54.30%) even though the mean number of references per article was greater in LIS (40.2 vs 34.6), and of print references (55.40%).	5
The USA (n = 71) was the most commonly represented country, and 60 institutions contributed to 100 articles.	4
The strong correlation between a document's citations and its position in the search results (r = -0.67) led us to conclude that Google Scholar is able to identify highly-cited papers effectively.	4
The laboratories from China have shown an impressive improvement in the recent past on both quantitative and qualitative terms.	5
The objective of this study was to explore what resources and activities are potentially associated with a higher scientific productivity.	1
Quantifying the interdisciplinarity of a research is a relevant problem in the evaluative bibliometrics.	1
The main conclusions are as follows: (1) In recent years, there has been significant progress in China's digital technology innovation level and green technology innovation level, and the overall development trend of “high in the east and low in the west” has been presented.	5
This paper aims to identify the factors contributing to the diffusion of ideas in econometrics by paying particular attention to connectivity in content and social networks.	1
The distance function applied to name matching is a novel customized implementation of the FuzzyWuzzy algorithm, i.e., a function implemented in a Python library which performs a fuzzy string matching based on the Levenshtein's distance.	3
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
Proportion of collaborative articles (collaborative rate) for diverse citation strata (1976 to 2004).	0
Given that the co-citation distance is an accepted measure for the distance of scientific documents, this result supports our idea that scispaCy word embeddings can be used as a basis of novelty measurement.	4
To understand better the development of research foci and meth- odologies on WOS-indexed publications, we first performed a word cluster analysis (WCA) to avoid terminological misperceptions by grouping synonymous terms under a single keyword based on the expertise of the authors (Li et al., 2011; Mao et al., 2010).	3
This research is conducted for the classification of citations into important and non-important classes.	1
We analyse the articles published in PLOS ONE in 2016 and 2017 by classifying them according to the Web of Science Journal Citation Report categories.	3
Hence, the objective of this study is to explore the trends in the publication and production of OA and non-OA journals and articles over the last decade (2011–2021).	1
For each ranking list we classify the university placing in terms of merit, corresponding to quintiles of productivity: A, B, C, D, E, with A the best and E the worst.	3
The BMA research in Ibero-America is passing through a complex period.	5
To obtain data under analysis, the following search in SciVal has been used as a starting point: “scientific publications in Spain between 1998 and 2018 filtered by ASJC categories”.	3
The study is based on a dataset consisting of 5600 Norwegian researchers and their publication output during a 3-year period (44,000 publications).	2
Data used in this study were retrieved from the Clarivate Analytics Web of Science, the online version of the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED) on 25 July 2021.	2
Offering one avenue for capturing societal research impact, altmetrics are proposed as quantitative indicators providing a measure of the reach and attention that a research output, such as a peer-reviewed paper, is receiving online.	1
In the Twitter document co-citation network, the most popular module is scholarly communication (22.35%), followed by the information retrieval system (19.94%), citation analysis (13.72%), data mining (9.62%), impact analysis (9.48%), network analysis (8.35%), information behavior (8.35%), and citation network analysis (8.20%).	4
The novel feature of the paper is that a count data model quantifies the determinants of citation success and simulates their citation potential.	1
Network analysis groups the publications into nine main clusters and presents the cluster dynamics.	4
We propose the use of beamplots—which can be produced by using the R package Bib-Plots and WoS downloads—as a preferred alternative to h index values for assessing single researchers</PROBLEM_OR_APPLICATION>.	1
However, we have demonstrated continuing inequalities in publishing in the highest-ranking journals in the field of public health.	5
The results suggest that males and females have no significant physiological differences in innovation and that the key is to find a gender balance in collaboration.	5
Another way to get out of this trap is to bring the anonymous editors of all journals to the front.	5
The range of article processing charges was from $0 to $4114 USD (Table 4).	4
This graphical representation effectively communicates a consistent and notable upswing in the volume of publications, with the zenith occurring in 2008.	4
Of the four resources, the DOAJ index provided access to the most journal titles associated with these publishers.	4
The most notable change in 2007–2014 is the increased number of indexed journals both in WoS and Scopus.	4
On average, do specialized publications show a significantly higher number of co-authors than diversified ones?	1
The findings indicate that about 3.3% of academics have authored at least five articles (full-timers).	4
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
As noted, “balance” can be operationalized using the Gini coefficient without co-mingling it with “variety” (Nijssen et al., 1998).	3
This study confirms the value of the peer review system, and indicates that editors are using reviewer recommendations in a reasonable way to make their final decision.	5
Thus, the aim of the present study was to systematically analyze the medical research output on diabetes mellitus from the South Asian region.	1
We find that journal rating is a legitimate and robust assessment exercise, as long as it is managed carefully and in a cautious way and used to evaluate aggregates of researchers rather than individual researchers.	5
The results showed significant positive correlation for all centrality measures expect the clustering coefficient for which we found negative correlations.	5
This was a retrospective study using data from the Department of Surgery at the University of Alabama at Birmingham (UAB) from 2006 to 2021.	2
Our results show that topics of topic modeling constitute a substantial alternative of reference terms for many CCs.	5
Breast cancer research in Mexico is still developing, although some research has attained an international level.	5
We find statistically significant evidence that higher collective eminence of researchers publishing on a topic is related to lower inter-domain presence of that topic, fewer authors publishing on a topic relate to the topic being likely to have higher inter-domain presence, while topics belonging to more close-knit clusters of topics are likely to have lower inter-domain presence.	4
Author Assist reversed 1 in 4 rejection decisions through a process that unavoidably but minimally biases peer review.	5
Retractions due to plagiarism account for the second largest category and may be reduced by screening manuscripts before publication although this is not guaranteed.	5
Concisely, less-established scientists are thus caught between striving for academic recognition and forfeiting the credibility of their academic accomplishments through information on professional networking sites, which cannot be verified through entries on institutional websites.	5
According to my estimations, institutions with above-median funding levels experienced higher QPT chances of 25–27 percentage points.	4
Rather, there is only the ostensible internationalization that manifests in “gaming” the journal evaluation system.	4
To overcome citation count’s bias by paper age and academic field, Radicchi et al.	3
The study was based on the quantitative bibliometric analysis of the bibliographical records indexed in the databases of the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) and Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) during the 1900-2015 period, in order to register the distinctive production and research trends of the international scientific communities related to cactus pear through bibliometric indicators.	2
We find that the combination of technologies has indeed been the major driver of modern invention, reflected in an invariant introduction of new combinations of technologies engendered by patented inventions.	5
Although weakly, specialized output as compared to the diversified one, is more associated with collaboration involving foreign institutions, and less with extramural and intramural domestic collaborations or with numerosity of co-authors (Table 8).	5
Data analysis was done using R-base packages, including the specialized R-packages Bibliometrix and String.	3
We used the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) database [11], which contains 170,099,684 publications dating from 1900 to 2017.	2
To study the coverage of WoS, we analysed the extent to which two perspectives found in the literature help to elucidate the inclusion of journals in this database.	1
The study combines a bibliometric approach with a content analysis of abstracts of articles to explore the patterns of international comparative higher education research in leading international journals.	1
The data was analyzed using an econometric model, establishing the relationship between the profile of researchers and predatory publishing.	3
The analysis shows that the overall submission rates are strongly influenced by calendar events.	4
Sixty eight percent (68%) of the articles were published in English language, after that Italian language with 9.80% and French by 8.88% were the most language which used for writing the articles (Figure 5).	4
We used Exponential Random Graph Models (ERGMs) to simulate networks based on the giant component of Italian sociologists and their coauthors network, i.e., our observed network (Lusher et al.	3
Of course, this article may have other authors except these three authors.	0
The phenomenon of receiving fewer competing NHLBI R01 awards in 2014 compared with 2010 was apparent in all US states with a few notable exceptions.	4
By analyzing co-authorship networks, we determine whether a diverse collaborative network has been formed in visualization technology and improvements in computer processing capabilities, many effective tools for drawing scientific knowledge maps have been invented, such as HistCite, CiteSpace, SPSS, the Thomson Data Analyzer, Bibexcel, and Pajek.	3
VOSviewer can be downloaded from www.vosviewer.com (accessed on 1 January 2022) for free.	0
Only 10 articles published between 2010 and 2019 in peer-reviewed bioethics journals and produced exclusively by authors from Ibero-American institutions garnered more than 15 citations.	4
A novel and freely accessible alternative to track working papers with respect to publications is Google Scholar.	0
As a next step, an in-depth, institutionally approved survey was distributed to all alumni starting in 2012, and surveys have continued annually.	3
Institutional governance should be further strengthened to improve the scrutiny of publications, prevent continuing citations, and erroneous propagation after retraction.	5
This introduces a controlling function in relation to the university's researchers that librarians have not had before.	5
We used log-rank analysis to assess differences between subgroups in time to first correction.	3
This study identified topical scientific communities (TSC) from a research field by combining scientific collaboration and topical features.	5
Pardo-Guerra 2022), and of unintended consequences (for overviews, see Gillies 2008; Brassington 2022; Pinar and Horne 2022; Watermeyer and Derrick 2022).	0
In this article we examine how knowledge production is shaped by interconnected path dependencies using the field of tropical marine sciences as a global case study.	1
Fifty-four percent reported a preference to be called an advisor, 38 percent mentor, and 9 percent supervisor or some other term (Titus and Ballou 2012).	4
(3) Clusters from different periods are complementary, and research topics and fronts reflect continuity.	4
Our bibliometric analysis has yielded 2 detailed lists of the top 100 cited articles that were listed separately using different methods.	5
Using text mining techniques, we also present the major content of JCF titles, keywords, or abstracts in the form of word clouds.	3
The Fellows honour is the highest honour AGU bestows.	5
value of CRF model is 10.2 percentage points higher than that of the SVM model; in classifying positive and negative citations, the F? value of CRF is 2.6 and 10.4 percentage points higher than that of SVM respectively.	4
The study obtained the titles of 165 health and medical journals listed in the AJOL database.	2
Cocitation and RPYS “Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy" (RPYS) analysis were conducted to identify the historical roots of interventional radiology (Marx 2014; Marx et al.	3
We asked respondents to estimate the total number of papers, books or book chapters, or other publications (e.g.	3
Almost half of the research articles published in major radiology journals declared funding, a proportion that has increased compared with findings from previous studies (17% of articles in a study from 1994 and 26.9% of articles in a study of literature published between 2001 and 2010).	5
The questionnaires were mailed at two different periods during 2009 and 2010, involving a total of 86 centres: 43% from Health Sciences, 35% from IT and 22% from Sociology.	2
Seven out of the ten African countries producing the most research output experienced a decline in the citation impact of their research, compared to the rest of the world.	4
First version received May 2005; final version accepted June 2008 (Eds.).	0
(b) Book reviews: UCLA's ArticlesPlus was used to collect reviews for each book as comprehensively as possible.	2
Many of the 82,121 publications involved international collaborations, with at least 1,000 publications involving each of the five following western countries (in order of decreasing number of collaborative publications): the USA, Germany, the UK, France, and Canada.	4
Citation sentiment analysis has emerged as an attractive solution to complement the limitation of quantitative measures like citation count, h-index, etc.	5
The current retrospective research took Kscien's list to identify invalid journals.	2
From the perspective of bibliometrics, the important indicators of 4282 ESI highly cited papers in the field of computer science are analysed in this article, including publication time, countries/regions, institutions, journals, and keywords.	1
Institute of Museum and Library Services for funding the research and Tom Sanville and Thomas Dowling of OhioLINK for providing the data and invaluable advice.	0
In other words, the BAU APC—Equation (1)—was calculated by dividing the product of the RELX Group revenue (RGrev), the Elsevier revenue share (Ers), and the ScienceDirect subscription share (SDss) by the number of ScienceDirect paywall articles (SDpa), under the constraint of keeping constant the profit margin of the publisher (Epm).	3
To calculate the "crown indicator", the total of actual citations received by the department's papers is divided by the total of the expected citations to give an overall ratio.	3
For a further illustration, we consider the citation records of a cohort of 131 physicists who were applicants for the so called “Abilitazione Scientifica Nazionale” (a nation-wide evaluation based on scientific qualification criteria for the recruitment of academic staff in Italy; first edition, year 2012), for a full professorship.	2
In our study, we used network analysis to evaluate collaborative networks between countries and authors in HIV and HPV research worldwide.	3
Whilst the majority of articles come from USA authors including the top cited paper by Pulcini et al.	4
The articles of Sri Lankan authors with citations of more or equal to 5 were downloaded from the Web of Science database in August 2021.	2
We also show that betweenness centrality is a poor filter for journals with a narrow focus and a good filter for multidisciplinary journals where communities of papers can be identified.	4
The rank is scaled by the number of journals.	3
The scope of this study was limited to English-language scholarly work including peer-reviewed publications, publications in press, and peer-reviewed conference papers.	2
Therefore, it may be concluded that one cannot distinguish between initially much-praised articles and well received but later erroneously qualified work from the concave curvature of the plots of cumulative citations L(t) of individual papers of different authors.	5
The Matthew Effect of CBP for international collaborative papers in MIS is stronger than for domestic collaborative papers.	5
It was awakened in 2004, reaching the awake intensity of 13.2 citations per year in the 10 years after awakening.	4
The results from our study show that overall confidence in the integrity of published scientific work in cardiovascular imaging is high, as rated by experts who recently published in this field.	5
Hence, it is reasonable to conclude that after a period of significant expansion, Google Scholar coverage is now increasing at a fairly stable rate.	5
At this stage, axial coding of the data was initiated using Corbin and Strauss's (Corbin and Strauss 2015) paradigm as an analytical tool.	3
A triangulation method using the faculty CV, the UTD Database, and google scholar was employed as there are problems with each method individually.	2
Our results show that conservation science journals largely fail to meet the FOA standards.	5
A transition from books to articles was observed during the long history of ethnobotany.	5
The results are divided into three sections to answer each research question.	0
The above table states a high Pearson's (r) statistical correlation value between JIF and SNIP (r = 0.928), moderate correlation values observed between JIF with SJR, CS & ES i.e.	4
The AAS and TN were significantly and positively correlated with the RC (r = 0.459 and P = .001; r = 0.438 and P = .001, respectively) and ACY (r = 0.363 and P = .001; r = 0.393 and P = .001, respectively).	4
Our unique population dataset was generated by linking data on Twitter and LinkedIn accounts to employee data from Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft.	2
The journal with the highest Sj is J Financ Econ (Sj=2.28) followed by J Bank Financ (Sj=2.19) and J Corp Financ (Sj=2.14).	4
The negative perspectives about use of remote, video technology chiefly center around two concerns- the loss of spontaneity in day-to-day scientific interaction, and a variety of problems in dealing effectively with student members of collaborative teams.	4
One methodology that has been applied in these analyses is that of citation and co-citation analysis (Tight 2006, 2008, 2009).	3
We manually queried the h-index in two reference-based databases (Scopus and Google Scholar).	3
Valéria Cristina Trindade FERRAZ1, José Roberto Plácido AMADEI2, Carlos Ferreira SANTOS3	0
For statistical testing, group means were compared pairwise using Welch's two-sample t-test and group medians using the Wilcoxon Signed Rank Test; differences between distributions of two categorical variables were tested with the χ2 test; and comparisons between two numerical variables were evaluated with Pearson's product moment correlation coefficient.	3
There is a low but significant correlation between FFa scores and citations for both 2007 (Spearman r = 0.383, n = 344, p = 0.01) and 2008 (Spearman r = 0.300, n = 533, p = 0.01).	4
Considering the implications for individual researchers, our results uncovered a negative relationship between impact factor and the number of FOA principles a journal fulfils, suggesting that authors may face a trade-off between perceived prestige and ethical publishing.	5
First, scholars tend to publish articles by themselves at the early stages, and they began to focus on tight collaboration since the late 1980s.	4
The authors would like to thank Carol Hixson, Library Dean, University of South Florida St.	0
Received 1 August 2018; Received in revised form 21 January 2019; Accepted 28 January 2019	0
Initially, for the Altmetric analysis, Spearman's rho test was utilized for correlation analysis between TCC, AAS, and Mendeley readers' count.	3
This paper describes the evolution of research on glass ceiling until July 2020.	1
The study's primary purpose is to analyze articles on Kyphoplasty with the help of the science mapping technique.	1
The annual data used in this study cover the period from 1981 to 2012 for the G7 countries (Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the UK and the US), with the start and end points of the sample being purely driven by data availability on our measure of research output.	2
Based on website searches, we selected 51 early- or mid-career researchers, 53 senior researchers, and eight research-focused academics: a total number of 112 participants.	2
The conclusion is that, at the very least, editorial articles should be devoid of research/scientific misconduct.	5
This system is based upon the internet version of the citation indexes of Thomson Reuters, the WoS, which includes the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI), the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), and the Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI).	2
Three hundred and twelve publications were returned by the search: they covered the time range from 1970 to 2021 and were cited collectively 2183 times.	2
The relationship between indigenous people and their natural habitat is a well-researched issue in India and elsewhere.	5
To show the developing trends of the journal, help readers understand the internal rule and relationship of journal literature, and learn the development and research status in domestic psychology research, 1 we drew a knowledge map to analyze the literature published in Advances in Psychological Science based on the methods of bibliometrics.	1
Once we finalized the indicators for this study, we allocated a weight for each indicator to derive the scoring method for Webometric analysis (Table 2).	3
RQ2: Does authorship order reflect contributions in large publishing consortia?	1
Our findings reveal no positive correlation between these factors, emphasizing the necessity of a multifaceted approach in evaluating scientific papers.	5
We also compared the two different doctorate scientific degrees achievable in Hungary, PhD and DSc.	0
The main aim of this study was to assess, using bibliometric techniques, which countries or institutions are the main producers, their relative interest as well as the scientific impact and the pattern of collaborations underlying in the TE documents applied to otorhinolaryngology.	1
The aspects already described here testify to the reliability of the journals chosen as sources.	0
We describe the association between gender and h-index among a sample of tenured faculty from epidemiology departments in Schools and Programs of Public Health.	1
Notes: Robust standard error of regression coefficients in parenthesis, ***p < 0.01, **p,0.05, *p < 0.1.	0
This work contributes to the development of scientific knowledge about GHGE because it identifies important characteristics of research in this field integrating bibliometric and social network analysis.	5
Submitted November 19, 2020; accepted April 22, 2021; published September 2021.	0
Frequency distribution of journals that TeraGrid users most frequently publish in.	0
Irrespective of these difficulties, the growth of published articles has increased in domestic and international databases (5).	0
When differences in the number of citations were analysed, statistically significant differences were found t(451.049) = 2.212, p = .027 in the total number of citations received by the papers in the selected databases; articles in monographic special issues received a higher number of citations compared to those in non-monographic issues, as shown in Table 2.	4
We study the effects of an article featured on the cover of the journal Nature on citations to all articles published by its authors.	1
8 The effect of conference closure on scholars with different productivity.	0
There is no significant difference between the average impact factors of the eight journals most commonly publishing non-OA papers and those eight journals most commonly publishing OA papers (1.981 vs 1.982, p=0.9988).	4
Our comparison of the two approaches finds that Translational Research allows investigations across diverse and cognitively distant knowledge bases, thanks to the intensive use of research technologies that emerge from fundamental research.	4
nonindexed, national language journals)—(4) receiving a grant from the ministry to improve editorial practices and publish all articles with open access.	2
Mendeley and Twitter are the social platforms that offer the most coverage of the Communication articles we studied.	5
We address these issues with a framework to classify M&S from other emerging and established disciplines.	5
As we will describe in detail below, we employ two versions of article counts as our measures of quantity.	0
Accounting for all control variables, research chairs published 81% more articles than their non-chair peers (Tables 1 and 3) in the five-year period of interest (p<0.001), and were cited 90% more than their peers (Tables 1 and 4) in the period (p<0.001).	4
Among reader features, education level, gender and major subject are the main factors, which are followed closely by the activity level; among collection features, publication date and price are the main driving factors.	4
Over one third of about 14,000 monographs checked had one or more academic syllabus mention, with more in the arts and humanities (56%) and social sciences (52%).	4
These data suggest that self-identified ethnic minority scholars are significantly less likely to decline reviews, an appealing outcome for editors of psychological journals who constantly seek conscientious reviewers.	5
We collect metadata with the KEYWORD={‘tourism' AND ‘supply' AND‘chain'}; without any prior filters, this yielded a list of publications between 1993 and 2020.	2
In addition, there were several journals that published their own citation classics.	0
Another unexpected result was the fact a number of industry partners stated that the ARC Linkage was the conduit through which agencies for the first time actually began to work together (i.e.	4
Differences in productivity were interpreted as inherent to the respective definitions: SA was more specific, and GIS was more generic.	5
When looking at the COUNTER data, only 24% of the titles accounted for 80% of the SFTARs.	4
When following the group of researchers that has been active over the entire period, 2004–12, we find that average points per researcher have fallen over the period.	3
Few journals displayed a high level of web activity.	5
Therefore, as can be seen in the Fig.	4
Therefore, the aim of the present study was to evaluate and compare the characteristics of top-cited and top Altmetric articles in this specific field with the hypothesis that considerable differences would be observed between high impact articles for these two metrics.	1
Do productivity distributions at the discipline level preserve the shape characteristics of the fields?	1
Aspects covered are: discovery and access, authorship practices, peer review, publishing strategies, open access publishing, open data, sharing, collaboration, social media, metrics, impact, reputation, libraries, publishers, and scholarly transformations.	1
The impression of one of the reviewers should be thankfully mentioned here.	0
For our approach, we adopt the notion of Statistical Semantics (Furnas et al.	3
I employ cutting edge multilevel exponential random graph models (mERGM) to analyze the three networks (Wang et al., 2013, 2016).	3
In this section, we describe two categories of related works: book impact assessment based on citations and book impact assessment based on content-level mining.	0
In this paper, we take Nature as a case study to present a new method for calculating and analyzing the structure of the Impact Factor (IF) using the Web of Science (WoS) database and the definition of IF.	1
This paper has presented a comprehensive list of content-based features identified by critically analyzing the current state-of-the-art.	5
We believe that understanding the network structure of the training-hiring and collaboration is the first step to consider the meaning of hiring across countries.	5
Las palabras clave extraídas se unifican aplicando el algoritmo de stemming de Porter (1980) que las reduce a la raíz, aunque para no quedarnos solo con las raíces, escogemos la forma más común.	2
We use directory information that describes MIT affiliated faculty and combine it with data on publications from MIT affiliated faculty for the 2005-2015 period.	2
All in all, such analyses are beneficial to scholars when selecting publication outlets to showcase their research, and to agencies such Financial Times and Bloomberg when selecting their journals basket for their annual journal evaluation exercises.	5
Secondly, we used the predicted results of this linear dependence, combined with the Monte Carlo simulations, to obtain the probability density function of a percentile from papers in the database in which they are missing.	3
After the conclusion of this methodology, a cumulative sum of 2400 articles were preserved for our bibliometric investigation.	2
"Solid waste*" was used as a search expression to search topic in the SCI over all the previous year's up to 31 December 2012.	2
This article deals with a modern disease of academic science that consists of an enormous increase in the number of scientific publications without a corresponding advance of knowledge.	1
In this paper, we investigate whether there is a medium-term effect of gender on the career of junior researchers who collaborated with a super-cited (SC) author within 5 years of their first publication.	1
Finally, we present conclusions of our study and suggest future directions.	0
Drawing on the Dynamics of Cross-disciplinary Research Development conceptual framework, this study explores the processes and experiences of an interdisciplinary research team, identifying elements of successful collaboration.	1
There were 248 conversations with sharing of personal experiences and other responses.	2
The bibliographic research was performed using WoS, which is a scholarly database that contains 'over 55 million records from the top journals, conference proceedings, and books in the sciences, social sciences, and arts and humanities to find the high quality research most relevant to your area of interest' (WoS 2014).	2
we kept testing query terms to find different naming patterns from the results, including those with misspellings in the reference title.	3
The Web of science database was queried based on the term "Iran and Turkey" in the "address" field and refined by “Parasitology” as a subject category on 31 December of 2011.	2
We define a core set of journals and consider all publications by Portuguese authors in these journals (regardless of affiliation) as well as all authors that claim affiliation with a Portuguese institution (regardless of nationality).	3
Finally, we note the COVID-19 lockdown and the economic crisis in Lebanon have decreased research activity among faculty members in hard disciplines.	4
We compute novelty, development index, productivity, and citations to quantify research outcomes.	3
The huge increase in Malay researchers contrasts with their presence in the Malaysian population which has remained stable at about 50 % since 1969.	4
A matching experiment reveals that the two countries have always been more impactful when collaborating than when each works without the other.	4
The association between self-reporting of honorary authorship and qualitative variables was assessed using Pearson's x2 test, and the two-sample t test was used for quantitative variables.	3
Based on the above findings, it is concluded that the attempt to describe and analyse ranking indicators and results should be made with cautiousness as there are factors that can influence indicators at various degrees.	5
However, the first-inventor IPCCA seems to be more sensitive to basic research than all-inventor IPCCA.	5
Received August 16, 2007; Accepted September 18, 2007; Published October 3, 2007	0
Data were obtained from the Thomson Reuters Web of Science (WoS), which has a function for retrieval of OA articles.	2
The results demonstrate a progressive diversification of Cuban collaborations across various regions, with notable emphasis on partnerships with Western Europe and Latin America.	4
Therefore, while the interpretation of the presence of scientific NPRs as indicators of direct knowledge spillovers does not hold, they still allow for the assessment of science-technology interactions in a broader sense, signaling relatedness to science instead of direct knowledge spillovers.	5
The endorsed journal lists seem to have differentiated impacts for different ranking levels of universities.	4
‘Scientific paper writing and writing for grants’ was one such topic.	3
This example dataset contains 545 papers which were downloaded in two packages (of 500 and 45 papers).	2
Correlation between citations, downloads and Altmetric were quantified using linear regression, comparing across disease topics.	3
Applying a problem-centered approach (Witzel and Reiter 2012), interviewees were asked to narrate their personal research history and experiences when applying for funding.	3
The proportion of empirical research strategies was high and rose over time, with the survey method being the single most important method.	4
The choice is continuously increasing as described before; however, the uptake is low.	0
The assessment of research productivity is, unavoidably, based on a set of selected accounting and finance journals.	5
To pinpoint the source of this lifetime advantage, we implement a longitudinal panel regression, demonstrating that, within each scholarly career, the cross-disciplinary publications have significantly higher citation impact than the disciplinary ones.	3
An analysis of 3,089 papers on global camel research during 2003–2012, as indexed in Scopus international multidisciplinary database indicate an average annual growth rate of 11.20 % and registered an average citation per paper of 2.24.	4
This stage was completed by searching for authors in professional social networks (such as ResearchGate and GoogleScholar), personal and institutional websites as well as by emailing in some cases.	3
From the SJR database, the subject area "Cancer Search" was selected to obtain the list of publications recorded in this area.	2
We find a strong positive correlation between the gain in rank that scholars and inventors obtain when evaluated using the proposed method—instead of a method based on a flat representation of the citation network—and their topical interdisciplinarity (Figure 3, panels (a) and (b)).	4
Finally, the rejection of the scholarly contribution hypothesis provides some ground to affirm that scholars are not assigned central positions in the social network of the Spanish accounting academia according to their number of publications.	5
As biomedical and clinical research become increasingly complex and team-driven, and given the importance attributed to first authorship by grant reviewers and promotion and tenure committees, the time is ripe for journals, bibliographic databases, and authors to highlight equal first author contributions of published original research.	1
In the rest of the paper we try to answer the following questions regarding the Argentinian CS community publication practices, which at the same time will guide the bibliometric analysis:	1
There appears to be some common ground among stakeholders concerning appropriate criteria, but the substance of criteria remains unclear.	4
Of these, 95 (65%) had a retraction policy.	4
The colored version of this figure can be webstarted at http://www.vosviewer.com/ vosviewer.php?map=http://www.leydesdorff.net/cognsci/ figure3.txt&view=3&zoom_level=1.)	0
Looking at the group of people that the respondents mostly collaborated with, it was noted that the researchers in LIS schools in South Africa largely collaborate with fellow researchers when taking the occasional, often and most often times of collaboration into account; the three account for 80 % (see Table 3).	4
The publicly available data were updated to the citation year 2020 and include more than 180 000 top-ranked authors.	2
This skewed reward mechanism incentivizes high-IF journals to stay small to remain competitive in rankings.	5
We also analyze authors' dominance in publications in the field and hypothesize that the authors with a higher number of publications tend to publish in journals with a higher impact factor.	1
Among the ESI articles, the most frequent funder is BMGF with 73 mentions.	4
The plot obtained in this study, as shown in Figure 2, is similar to the typical Bradford-Zipf plot that has a characteristic smooth S-shaped curve, with the final droop portion lying below the linear portion of the curve.	0
This study provides an in-depth look at the development of research in cybernetics and economics, highlighting the impacts and upcoming trends in this area of study.	5
We can observe that as X has more publications so X is influencing Y with a greater value and vice versa.	0
Does the proposed set of bibliometric indicators complement the well-established esteem indicators?	1
They have been extracted by OST from Thompson Reuters Web of Science (WoS) database which is available at OST and then validated by the university.	2
The research has successfully gathered data allowing insight into the creation of LIS case studies for REF, identifying lessons learned by those involved and identifying ways in which research strategies might be influenced in the future.	5
3, we define the concept of Perfectionism Index based on TC-area as follows: PI = κ * h2 + λ * CE ?	3
The data shown in Table 4 supports H1, i.e., the main areas of knowledge have a certain degree of interdisciplinarity.	4
Recall that these indicators were introduced in the context of ESI-fields.	0
Exploratory work behavior (the converse of applying and exploiting one’s current knowledge) predicted breadth positively and depth negatively.	4
We use the abstracts of these applications to generate a range of text analysis measures, as explained in the following section.	3
This study contributes to empirical discussions on research governance, showing that scientific committee structures with significant research steering autonomy contribute not only directly to scientific output but also indirectly through moderating effects on research practices and behaviour.	5
The model is contemporaneous – at each year the model only reflects the literature that was available through that year.	3
Less than 70% of DOAJ articles by authors from middle-income countries were published in gold open access journals in 2020.	4
The results shown here are an empirical contribution to answering this question, and reinforce the need for stabilized and transparent evaluation processes where the use of quantitative data is clearly defined and the differences between scientific areas are correctly accounted for.	5
Cytoscape version 2.8.1 (The Cytoscape Consortium, San Diego, CA, USA), 28 HistCite29 (Eugene Garfield, Thomson Reuters Corporation), and Pajek version 3.1430 (Vladimir Batagelj and Andrej Mrvar, University of Ljubljana) software were used to construct two network models.	3
To provide a foundation for research evaluation from the perspective of innovativeness, we propose an automatic approach for extracting innovative ideas from the abstracts of technology and engineering papers.	1
We examine concentration in the top 3 accounting journals (Journal of Accounting and Economics, Journal of Accounting Research, and The Accounting Review [JAE, JAR, and TAR, respectively]), plus Contemporary Accounting Research (CAR).	2
Nine participants had a science background and 13 were from the social sciences.	2
The approach used here is web analytics, which is the measurement, collection, analysis, and reporting of Internet data for the purposes of understanding and optimizing web usage (Jansen & Rieh, 2010).	3
Our network obtained with the keyword search has 1533 nodes and 377 links, clearly under the effect of first two filters.	2
The study also employees indicators such as h-index (Alonso et al., 2009), bibliographic coupling (Kessler, 1963; Martyn, 1964), and keyword co-occurrence (Callon et al., 1983).	3
No sponsorships or competing interests have been disclosed for this article.	0
Figures reported as % of all articles included in the studied index.	0
Top 15 countries with respect to their total # of SE papers versus their latest (2012) population sizes.	0
The study was approved by human ethics committees by the university.	0
After crawling each individual seed, a total dataset of 5428 unique hyperlinks was composed.	2
The publication quality of female PhDs has significantly improved over the decades, and we find no significant difference between the publication qualities of all-male author teams and female-or-mixed author teams.	5
Neoinstitutional theory helps explaining why it is that these funding bodies (both public and private) establish so similar funding programs in spite of the lack of coordination in the field, their mutual competition, and their asserted ambitions of creating their own market niche in a pluralist system.	5
The most collaborative country with Middle East countries was USA and within the region, the most collaborative country was Saudi Arabia.	4
This study aims to quantify the research productivity of medical students who successfully matriculated into a Neurosurgery residency program.	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
The data were first categorized following Amigud and Pell's (2021) division of the academic integrity process into communication, detection and enforcement.	3
The average JIF was higher in cardiology compared with the two surgical disciplines.	4
The importance of the open source software used, and its position in the online community is itself a strong measure for academic impact and success, which is all too often overlooked in research.	5
In this paper we focus on specific aspects of the knowledge transfer process, namely those within science and from science to technology, at the country-level.	1
The survey was hosted online, and the recruitment process was facilitated by seven academic societies and associations: AARES, AAEA, AERE, AES, EAAE, EAERE, IAAE.	2
citation rates decrease as one gets closer to type 3 diseases.	4
The observed gender gap in productivity during doctoral studies can to a large extent be explained by the size of the external collaborative network and co-authoring with the supervisor.	5
The remaining 13 journals fell into Other, which includes four titles that were dropped for non-functioning URLs, one for lacking an OA statement, one for requiring registration, one for lack of content, and six journals that were indeterminate, i.e., not listed in the spreadsheet.	0
These results imply that lab research ethics climate plays a moderating role in the relationship between publication pressure and moral disengagement, supporting H2.	4
As is well known, the citation curves depend on the impact of the articles [6], but in the general analysis of all the Spanish papers in physics, citations grow at a higher rate than the growth of papers.	0
In order to analyze research directly addressing the SDGs, two multidisciplinary databases were used: Scopus and the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection.	2
By contrast, contributions by smaller teams search more deeply into the past, are viewed as disruptive to science and technology and succeed further into the future—if at all.	4
With these raw data, further parameters such as country-specific h-indices (HI) of the present set of publications were calculated.	3
Thus, in general, the publications with more diverse authors (collaborations) have better impact especially if the collaborations are more external rather than internal, considering their affiliations' departments and institutes but more internal collaborations considering their country.	5
We calculated a Herfindahl (or concentration) index for each proposal from the distribution of references over topics, where the Herfindahl is the sum of the squared fractions.	3
In particular, we aim at comparing the three Nobel Prize themes with the BET equation theme with respect to potential evolution differences.	1
This paper addresses this question by analyzing the entire career of researchers in the field of computer science who collaborate with authoritative authors (AAs), and examines the relationships between these collaborations and their scientific impact at each career stage.	1
The search only included PubMed-listed articles from 1995 to 2021.	2
Department of Management and Organisation, Hanken School of Economics, 00100 Helsinki, Finland	0
Bibliometric records of primary research articles in all subject areas published from 1973 to 2009 were downloaded from the Thomson Reuters Web of Science (WOS) database.	2
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 781 times since 2011*	0
This paper presents cross-country comparisons between Canada and the United States in terms of the impact of public grants and scientific collaborations on subsequent nanotechnology-related publications.	1
We invited in all 20 researchers, with 12 accepting our invitation to participate in the study.	2
The entire sequence can be repeated with the input space, namely the GERD and FTE spaces.	3
Given the citation profiles (pi, Tj) of researchers i and j, respectively, we first calculate a 100 × 100 symmetric matrix ?	3
African and Middle Eastern countries participated in 21.52% (n = 14 808) of all 68 808 documents analysed.	4
To conserve space, we only confine our discussion to recent UK-related literature.	0
I provide data that both illustrate this point and offer a range of information about the citations to papers published in 248 economics journals during the period 2001–5.	1
We also produced term citation maps in which the color of a term is determined by the average citation impact of the publications in which the term occurs.	3
Electronic reference databases in which the journal is indexed.	3
The topics included 35 insomnia studies, 25 sleep physiology studies, 22 obstructive sleep apnea studies, and 19 other studies.	4
We used IBM SPSS Statistics 22.0 for statistical analysis, and mapping was completed using the online application “MapsData”.	3
The results show that in Economic and Managerial Engineering, a social science discipline that adopts a bibliometric approach, the habilitation had a strong and significant effect in increasing self-citations, even at the field level.	4
The aim of this study is to investigate the structure of the accounting research community.	1
To analyze the research trends and summarize the characteristics of publications regarding oxycodone within the past 20 years, we performed a bibliometric analysis of related references derived from the Web of Science (WOS) database and PubMed database by built-in tool of WOS and VOSviewer software.	1
This study aims to scrutinize the relationship between interdisciplinarity and both citation impact and Faculty Opinions recommendations (FORs) based on the dataset comprising 184,910 articles and 230,928 expert ratings from Faculty Opinions.	1
We analyzed the scientific production of members of the Spanish Society of Vascular and Interventional Radiology (SERVEI) from 2010 to 2015.	1
In this Article, we analyse how benchmarks may affect research dynamics in AI and the way different players-from academia to tech giants-behave.	1
Faculty of Business Administration, Memorial University of Newfoundland, Morrissey Rd, St.	0
West African Journal of Medicine is the only journal of West African origin in the list of top ten journals where the authors from the sub-region published their papers, and it ranked tenth in the top twenty journals used.	4
There were 204 603 records in RePORTER (1996-2022) and 75 316 US-based top-cited scientists in the career-long citation database; 40 887 scientists were included in the main analysis.	2
Hence, we find no support for gender bias or devaluation of women's academic achievements.	4
Preliminary analysis revealed that the vast majority of usage was occurring via just three platforms: the UCL Press repository, the OAPEN Digital Library, and the Internet Archive.	2
The two lead authors searched Web of Science to gather all articles (across various disciplines) that cited each best practice piece and were published prior to July 2020.	2
Here we use three measures (Schubert and Braun 1986; Moed et al. 1995) to calculate the impact of a research field as follows:	3
With techniques like logistic regression, it is easy to determine the direction of effects and their statistical significance, but it is far more difficult to get a practical feel for what the effects really mean.	5
Research question 2: Does the relationship between expert scores and journal rankings vary with journal prestige?	1
The empirical results show that there is a complementarity between the routines of authors and readers that co-stabilize each other.	4
The SSCMD website was used to identify department chairs of surgery in the year ending 2019 (https://web4.facs.org/ebusiness/ssc/Default.aspx).	2
To the first question, if the answer is positive, it is accompanied by a reservation: indeed, the list of HCRs incontestably makes it possible to identify a scientific elite of 'super-publishers'; however, it does no satisfactorily help in the search for future winners of major international prizes, or the identification of the scientific leaders of the research front in their field.	5
This study has mapped the main features of research into non-communicable respiratory diseases in Europe in 2002-13, the outputs of the 31 countries and their citation scores, and the funding sources for papers in the last five years (2009–13).	5
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Several fields that account for only a small portion in H become sizable contributors to H, including mathematics, electrical and electronic engineering, geochemistry and geophysics, organic chemistry, polymer science, etc.	4
Focusing on medical SBs we analyze patterns in the time-development of the citation impact of SBs; the influence of self-citations on the awakening process; and the occurrence of medical research fields to which the SBs and their citing papers belong.	1
MAATrica's ontologies were built using the Sodiac ontology editor [38].	3
Open repository had the greatest mean readership (44.68), and open journal (34.00) had a lower mean readership than all other categories (P < .012).	4
Figure 1: Overall process architecture for comparing the content- and section-based approaches	0
Values of the h-index were skewed with a longer tail to the right and were thus analysed using a generalised linear model which incorporated a gamma distribution and log link function (implemented in SPSS 25, IBM Corp.).	3
In particular, we investigate the relation between different forms of collaboration and impact: how intra-sector private publications compare to public, and how private-public joint publications compare to intra-sector extramural collaborations.	1
In this article, we analyze geographical diversity in the main academic journals of the discipline, providing a detailed look at articles written in collaboration between researchers from developed and developing countries.	1
Self-plagiarism (n = 23) is a more frequent cause of retraction than plagiarism.	4
Web of Science Core Collection (WoS Core) and Scopus were also used for comparative purposes.	2
Publication data were collected as the number of chemistry publications (in Science Citation Index-Expanded (SCI-E)) between years 2006 and 2016 in different chemistry subdisciplines and related scientific areas.	2
What is the level of compliance with the national Spanish OA mandate of the publications funded by the CKG calls?	1
Anaesthesia 2011 The Association of Anaesthetists of Great Britain and Ireland	0
It contains 2,812 Chinese (33,291 non-Chinese) economists in total, of whom 1,300 (15,639) have publications in the A journals and 197 (4,575) in the A+ journals.	2
(The disciplines are ordered according to the percentage in the four leading publishing countries)	0
Our results demonstrate not only a significant underrepresentation of LMICs in research in the field of public health, but also a lower representation of non-English speaking and non-Western European countries.	5
Four prevailing conceptual frameworks were identified in the outbreak documents with global community interest revealed as the largest topical coverage.	4
We searched in WoS Core Collection at the portal of the University library.	2
For the other half of the data points, we plot the reverse ranks, i.e., fi versus (n + 1 ?	3
It is more likely that a complex network of sociocultural factors is responsible for their low use, as is the case in other small research communities (e.g., a similar pattern is observed in palaeontology), even if open data sharing has been acknowledged by the community for more than 15 years [19].	5
The evidence suggests that the young returnee scientists have not played the role of a 'knowledge bridge'.	4
6.9 million researchers in 22 disciplines and 176 sub-disciplines), ordering them according to a composite bibliometric index that measures their whole trajectory (career-long) impact and their annual impact at year 2019.	2
We use similar data to that of Oler et al. (2010), but expand their sample from 2007 through to the end of 2014.	2
We find that there are moderate, but statistically significant, correlations between assessor scores, when two assessors have rated the same paper, and between assessor score and the number of citations a paper accrues.	4
To further help this growth of interest in security topics within science and technology studies (STS), we explore possible modes of socio-technical collaboration with security communities of practice.	1
A total of 68 usable surveys were obtained from the pre-workshop survey, and a total of 66 usable surveys were obtained from the post- workshop survey.	2
academic institutions and departments; foreign academic institutions and departments; U.S.	3
The crowd can also serve to curate the best research through an open-source platform that exposes each step of the research process, from developing questions through discussion of findings, functionally replacing editorial boards with crowd peer-review.	3
To investigate this issue, we draw upon a unique dataset consisting of the collective publication records obtained from three departments at a major Danish university.	2
Together these institute an ethics of repair at the centre of the curative enterprise of the Committee on Publication Ethics.	4
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
The implementation of the D (Diogenes)-factor would, I believe, quickly correct this aberration of the last several decades.	5
More specifically, we try to answer the following questions: ?	1
In short, our research is to analyze researcher contributions in generating and developing ETs and high-impact ETs in life sciences and medicine over the past half-century.	1
Simple linear regression was performed, obtaining R2 = 0.819 with the fitted regression line being statistically significant (P<0.01), illustrated in Fig.	4
the tendency of researchers to cite from the same country) of six major science producers (China, France, Germany, Japan, UK, and USA).	1
The text within the brackets was manually added to the reference by the authors.	0
Acknowledgements This work is supported in part by the Slovenian Research Agency (research program P1-0294 and research projects J5-2557 and J5-4596), research program CogniCom (0013103) at the University of Primorska, and prepared within the framework of the COST action CA21163 (HiTEc).	0
We analysed all tweets and Facebook posts collected (3,425 tweets and 1,925 Facebook posts) to calculate the ratio of social media data with evidence of social impact in relation to the total amount of social media data extracted from the research projects selected.	3
Furthermore, top five organizations of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), Chinese Academy of Sciences, and University Colorado were popular based on contribution of articles more than 134 papers each.	4
In this study, using a bibliometric method to identify the 100 top-cited studies in main allergy journals allows us to uncover trends in the historical development of the field.	5
To clarify what constitutes knowledge, we start with the bibliographic coupling network (BCN) [10], proposed by Kessler and used extensively in computer science [11, 12].	3
We then use three standard machine learning classifiers—Support Vector Machine (SVM), Decision Tree and Logistic Regression.	3
e., black or white but not gray or any other color) biases upwards the pre-study probability that a journal is predatory and biases the FDR downwards.	5
This bibliometric study analyzes the research output produced by Spain during the 2005-2014 time period in Open Access (OA) journals indexed in Web of Science.	1
Therefore, this study identifies the historical roots and origins of the positive psychology research and the most important publications that have formed this field from scientometrics perspective using RPYS.	1
The empirical results show that the macro F1 values of the proposed model for the two categories of research content and research method are 0.74 and 0.81, respectively.	4
We limit the sample to papers published from 2003 to 2015.	2
In addition to the capabilities offered by the Scopus database to analyse the document set, the collected references were further processed with the BibExcel (Persson et al., 2009) and VosViewer software tools (Van Eck and Waltman, 2010).	3
Of particular interest is the result that increasing the submission cost raises the average quality of published papers, and thus may be viewed as a beneficial strategy for the journal.	4
The most commonly used terms include "Head Impact", "Athletes", and "Sport Injury"	4
In this paper, we conducted predictive analysis of multiple future scientific impacts by embedding a heterogeneous network.	5
Additionally, it explores the role played by the SC of research groups in this relationship.	1
The citation data for articles from NEJM, JAMA, and Lancet were investigated separately using informetric analysis.	3
2 y year represents the predictive year, y1=y-4, y2=y-3, y3=y-2, y4=y-1.	0
Only documents conforming to the WoS-type 'article' were included.	2
Proactive measures are needed to reduce the incidence of quotation errors to ensure robust scientific integrity.	5
These core data were further complemented by publicly-available information on the first two rounds of the Excellence Initiative and state-specific tuition reforms.	2
(2) Why are OAIR guidelines needed at university libraries in Ghana?	1
Crucially, hot streaks appear to be associated with neither exploration nor exploitation behavior in isolation, but a particular sequence of exploration followed by exploitation, where the transition from exploration to exploitation closely traces the onset of a hot streak.	4
These measures defined below were processed using Ucinet6.0:	3
The journal samples were collected by considering the map of finance journals with grades 3, 4, and 4* reported by the 2021 Academic Journal Guide provided by the Chartered Association of Business Schools (henceforth, 2021 ABS ranking).	2
We find that preprint servers hosted a large number of Chinese-authored preprints in the early months of the pandemic, and were visited by large numbers of users from around the world, giving readers unrestricted access to many of the earliest findings on COVID-19.	4
Linkages between science and technology have been extensively studied using nonpatent literature citations or author-inventor matching.	1
The exclusion of Chinese language journals results in a share of the global number of publications which is several percentage points lower than that initially found for 2006.	0
Hence, based on academic perceptions, a one-size-fits-all approach to research integrity support is not expected to be successful.	5
Beckstead is an associate professor at the University of South Florida College of Nursing.	0
For details of the sample frame and operationalization of the categories, see Heinze et al.	0
This study focuses on the evaluation of artistic disciplines (visual and performing arts) within performance-based university research funding systems.	1
The proposed method is generally applicable to comparisons of two datasets X and Y, especially when the overlap between the two datasets and a direct one by one comparison has a low reliability as indicated by the low probability defined in Eq.	5
We examine how the premature death of eminent life scientists alters the vitality of their fields.	1
We analyse a sample of 120 researchers belonging to two groups, one from the Italian Institute of Technology (IIT, whose work is expected to be highly multidisciplinary) and one from the National Institute for Nuclear Physics (INFN, whose work is expected to be much less multidisciplinary).	2
Network analysis is the ideal analytic tool for exploring the disciplinary dynamics in team science, particularly given its use in examining transmission of scientific discovery across different groups [17].	3
As such, I deductively coded the reviewers' comments based on an existing coding scheme from Herber et al. (2020).	3
The first traceable article was published in 1978, and from then on, the number of publications was on the rise.	4
In Table 2 we adjust the contribution game to take account of the features that cast doubt on the status of science as a pure public good.	3
Thus, our analysis focused on the outcome of high quality research in learning and instruction over the last 10 years within the AP region: 1,136 papers, 1,778 authors, and 487 institutions.	2
PageRank is highly correlated with citation count (R = 0.905, P < 0.01) and we thus validate the former as a surrogate of literature importance.	4
This thesis aims to identify major personal factors that influence the process of publishing.	1
Data included co-author names, institutions, and departments as well as gender.	2
Initially, 98 documents were identified; however, once inclusion and exclusion criteria were applied, the number of documents decreased to 88.	2
The results suggest that citation metrics that accommodate excess citations, such as the e-index, tend to treat women researchers more favourably, and offer an evaluation of research performance that is better able to reflect the type of research output profile that is more typical for women.	4
Some questions naturally arise as to the objectivity of this measure: first, what is a "typical" year and how does one determine a "typical" year?	0
A recent bibliometric methodology is applied to publications in bibliometrics from the major universities of the Academic (Shanghai) Ranking of World Universities and Times Higher Education rankings.	3
The views in this paper are solely those of the authors, and do not necessarily rep- resent the views of the Department of the Navy or any of its components, the UNAM, Booz-Allen Hamilton, DDL-OMNI, the University of Queensland, the University of Amsterdam, the University of Karlsruhe, or the University of Minnesota.)	0
The present study focuses primarily on this phenomenon in the medical literature by investigating a total of n=982 journals from two medical categories of the Journal Citation Report (JCR).	1
This paper presents a simple parametric statistical approach to comparing different citation-based journal ranking metrics within a single academic field.	1
We first try to understand the disparity using the z-score measure.	3
Computer science (CS) research output of more than 400 universities in the world is taken as the case in point to demonstrate the working of the framework.	2
The purpose of this study is to address the above research gaps through a longitudinal analysis of the DH field's international collaborations through publication output.	1
The second variant, displacement, covers processes in which the balance between various elements of the existing institutions changes.	3
By considering several different data sources, we found that a baseline of approximately a third of chemistry researchers are female overall, although this differs considerably with Chemistry sub-discipline.	4
Thus, this research was designed to answer the following research questions:	1
Revised Field of Science and Technology (FOS) Classification in the Frascati Manual www.oecd.org/sti/ inno/38235147.pdf.	0
To evaluate the relative global research impact of Taiwan's medical schools, we gathered the 2020 Leiden ranking in biomedical and health science for each institution (https://www.leidenranking.com/ranking/2020/list).	2
When multiple results were returned, we selected the result based on max score.	0
Our results clearly indicate that competition is a double-edged sword: whereas on the one hand, competition fosters innovation and diversity of products, on the other hand, it also leads to more unfair reviews and to a lower level of agreement between reviewers.	5
The data on research performance used in this study is from InCites Benchmarking and Analytics by Clarivate (December 12, 2022).	2
Thus, the 451 articles were used as the final dataset, including 194 from the WoS, 25 from PubMed, and 232 from Scopus.	2
The bulding blocks of DNA, deoxynucleotide triphosphates, are synthesized by the enzyme ribonucleotide reductase (RNR).	1
Received March 18, 2011; revised May 31, 2011; accepted June 1, 2011	0
Reviewed by: Hiroshi Morimatsu, Okayama University, Japan Gianluca Villa, University of Florence, Italy	0
We then expressed the number of publications per country as a proportion of the total number of publications in each journal.	3
Developing a new schema with these two mechanisms is the main purpose of this study.	1
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (doi:10.1007/s10734-017-0142-0) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
We distinguish two main groups of claim, first the argument that humanities research is locked away in an ivory tower too remote from the problems of the societies that fund their dilettante pleasures (the ‘ivory tower' argument, cf.	3
Health care articles (i.e., articles categorized as “Medical & Health Sciences”) included in the top 100 Altmetric lists (2013-2015) were the cases, and randomly selected health care articles matched for journal and year of publication were the controls.	2
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=gacr20	0
The analysis shows my concerns to be correct.	4
In making decisions about international mobility, it is important to know that moving internationally for one's first post-Ph.D.	4
As per Chorus and Waltman (2016), the inflation ratio formula for a journal in a given year is:	3
From these, we had to exclude 50 profiles because of missing data, h = 0 or zero citations (and hence also h = 0), leaving 303 valid data sets.	2
The filtered database then comprises data for D=26 domains and d=296 sub-domains.	2
The rubric we presented in this paper offers aid to illuminate students' understanding of plagiarism during their composing and later self-assessing of their written work.	5
This suggests that adoption of OA publishing still faces barriers, and non-OA publishers remain dominant.	5
How is evolution of core documents reflected by the two methods?	1
This work was funded by the EU FP7 ACUMEN project (grant agreement 266632).	0
Conclusions: This study promotes a systematic understanding of e-health by identifying topic networks, thereby contributing to the future direction of e-health research and education.	5
The citation-derivative at the year of awakening can reflect the suddenness of an AWSB's awakening.	4
To measure specialist authorship, we used a survey question similar to Flanagin, Carey, and Fontanarosa (1998).	3
Hence, they tend not to use words that occur in the title as key words and vice versa.	0
Critical transitions can be considered as a part of evolutionary dynamics, whereas DI values inform us about historical dynamics.	5
One-way analysis of variance and multiple regression models were used for this.	3
In summary, the first cluster includes research articles focused on GAN, deep learning and CNN.	4
Two-tailed, two-sample unequal variance t-tests were applied to the differences: starred values in the table indicate that the number is significantly higher than the corresponding number in the same column (*p < .05, **p < .01).	3
However, compared with the increase in 'general population genetics,' the field of 'population genetics of Neotropical plants' remains in its infancy.	5
Here, we used a dataset spanning from 1 January 2016 to 30 June 2023 to provide a comprehensive analysis of the trends, collaborations, and thematic developments at the intersection of these two fields.	1
Our findings suggest that these three factors contribute to the outcome in different capacities.	4
Subsequent testing of all pairs among these 5 journals (by the Dunn test) requires that first the largest difference between any 2 journals is tested followed by the next largest difference between any pair until significance is lost.	3
The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag London Ltd., part of Springer Nature 2024	0
Each of those maps may be built with publications or authors as nodes (Fig.	0
Table I describes the URLs of the above mentioned software packages.	0
The USA is the number one collaborating partner for all the BRICS nations.	4
Traditional indicators like the numbers of publications and received citations are discussed.	1
The analysis revealed that special issues have played an important role in knowledge dissemination in PPC, serving as a catalyst to stimulate discussions around certain topics (Conlon et al.	5
The rest of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 briefly introduces related work.	0
OD Office of the Director, NIDDK National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, NCRR National Center for Research Resources, NCMHD National Center on Minority Health and Health Disparities, NICHD National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.	0
As shown in Table 4, based on stepwise regression analysis, through three steps, degree centrality, beta centrality and flow betweenness centrality were of multiple correlation with citation performance of researchers, while other variables had insignificant correlation and were removed from the equation.	3
It also performed very well on searching highly cited papers and classic papers.	4
The paper reviews each narrative in relation to the literature, especially in scientometrics, and empirical tendencies in global science, tracked in secondary data derived from bibliometric collections.	1
No significant difference appeared between groups in familiarity with the OA publishing model.	4
Physics is the dominant subject category in the disciplinary structure of nanotechnology output, constituting over a half of all publications, but decreasing from 72 % in 1991 to 52 % in 2012.	4
This research was supported by grants from the German Research Foundation (DFG, Grant No.	0
The Deputy Editor reviewed each revision of the article, and it underwent a final review by the Editor-in-Chief prior to publication.	0
All six disciplinary areas present a high level of inbreeding.	4
Furthermore, we apply the zero-skewness log transform ln(FSS + k), where the value of k is selected so that the distribution of the transformed data is symmetric (Box & Cox, 1964).	3
Universities have been consistently the largest producer; 57.7% of references that are cited by patents granted in 2012 are written by them.	4
Collected data were analyzed through percentage, mean, standard deviation and frequency count, and percentages.	3
The definition of variables is shown in Table A1 in SI.	0
We apply here "bottom-up" approach (i.e., data on university publication activity is collected through the integration of such data from all staff members of the university).	3
Based on ICMJE, EASE, CSE, WAME and COPE recommendations a set of 41 questions was generated and divided into following categories: editorial policy, research integrity, research ethics and manuscript preparation (Table 1).	3
3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12.	0
The fields of neurosurgery, radiology, and neurology have contributed substantially to neurointervention research.	5
Multivariable logistic regression was performed to understand which characteristics of OREF resident research grant recipients were most associated with a future career in academic orthopedic surgery.	3
The leader in research on gifted education is the University of Connecticut, which produced 170 publications in the dataset.	4
1 Of course, university departments have wider responsibilities than research (Coronini and Mangematin 1999).	0
The analysis is based on high quality data from manually curated information systems.	2
PRP is an optimized PageRank algorithm supervised by the Labeled Latent Dirichlet Allocation (Labeled-LDA) topic model with full-text information extraction.	3
This study sought to draw a picture for the future of the LIS field and its sub-fields by analysing 97 years of publication and citation patterns.	1
As no distribution of uncited papers was present in the top 1–30%, it was not listed in the table.	0
This share increased to 0.13% in 1986–1995, 0.18% in 1996–2005, and 0.34% in 2006–2015.	4
Received September 15, 2011; revised December 8, 2011; accepted December 9, 2011	0
The final sample consists of around 209 published documents.	2
Using two waves of survey data from a national sample of academic scientists and engineers across six disciplines in the United States, we investigate how network churn affects the quantity and quality of scientific production.	1
PhDs were awarded more than one-half of NIH grants.	4
Specifically, we aimed to identify the most important topics covered in PEDro for the period 1986 to 2017 and determine how the thematic structure has evolved across three periods: 1986 to 1997, 1998 to 2007, 2008 to 2017.	1
Formalized quality measures, such as the top-tier ranking creates a diffusion effect outside of its own disciplines, possibly by increasing the awareness of the journal quality.	5
The American Institute of Biological Sciences (AIBS) developed a comprehensive peer review survey that examined the motivations and levels of participation of grant reviewers.	1
From a policy perspective, we found a clear rebalancing process between the research leadership mass in developed and developing countries.	5
This is a revised version of a paper presented at the Fifth International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators in Hinxton, Cambridge, UK, 4–6 June 1998.	0
The search was confined to the document type of corrections for the period from 1978 to 2013.	2
Currently, misconduct is the main cause of retraction.	5
The share of publications without affiliation with the university decreased to 14% on average for 2012–2015 (compare with average value of 54% for 2008–2011).	4
Under this project, we have used multi-pronged quality control to make sure the dictionary meets academic standards.	3
Finally, embracing new digital platforms and multimedia delivery formats will move academic medicine into the 21st century, broadening its reach to diverse, international, and multigenerational learners.	3
Informed by this analysis and recognizing ORCID as a promising solution, we propose an ORCID-based "Prevention plus Cure" campaign against author name ambiguity.	3
P(g1 = g2), where P(g1 = g2) denotes the probability that g1 is equal to g2.	0
To what extent are academic librarians in Africa aware of open access publishing models?	1
Recently her research activities have focused on science policy, universities' funding models and research productivity.	0
A set of bibliometric indicators were used to analyse bibliometric characteristics of the studied institutions: numbers of papers, times cited, and numbers of papers in the top 1% (Percentage of papers in the top 1% based on citations by category, year, and document type)	3
Using the Web of Science Core Collection database we depict trends of the journal in terms of papers, topics, authors, institutions, and countries.	2
To conduct the multivariate analysis and associated visualization of the data, we used a specialist bibliographic analysis package developed by van Eck and Waltman (Ding et al., 2014, pp.	3
The top five countries in 2020 are the USA, England, Spain, China and Australia —1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th respectively— as show Fig.	4
3 A tool to utilize the surrounding words to understand the underlying meaning of the identified keyword.	0
On average, each paper in these two sets cited about 18 or 19 references, respectively.	0
With just one exception (Western), all the Canadian universities explicitly warn researchers about the dangers of predatory publishing.	4
Participants for the first (group-level) set of analyses were the 36 university departments included in the most recent U.S.	2
TFSC's SIs' top 25 articles represent only 1.9% (25 of 1309) of the total SI articles, but they account for 19.26% of total SI citations (7854 of total 40,768).	4
Typically, Ukrainian A&H publications are written by one author (51.9% of all publications).	4
Regarding the most productive countries, the USA is the country with the highest number of papers and the strongest bibliographic connections for PICMET (see Table III).	4
The correlations between them are 0.300 [NSR] and 0.199 [BSR].	4
Even if the Nobel Prize award highlights the outstanding importance of the work of Peter Higgs and Francois Englert, bibliometrics offer the additional possibility of getting hints to other publications in this research field (especially to historical publications), which are of vital importance from the expert point of view.	5
We report evidence of an undocumented method to manipulate citation counts involving "sneaked" references.	1
Secondly, looking at betweenness centrality and closeness centrality, it is implied that Singapore has significance in the biomedical field, judging from the fact of their relatively high betweenness and closeness centrality.	5
Note: Note that Mendeley status groups have been changed in early 2016.	0
Many additional analyses are possible based on the data collected for the research presented in this paper.	0
The first and main method was the Gini-éltet?-K?ves-Szulc (GEKS) method, which originated with Gini (1930), and was independently rediscovered by éltet? and K?ves (1964) and Szulc (1964).	3
In this way, the final purposeful sample included 623 APC journals copublished by Springer and Elsevier.	2
The list of retracted articles was compiled based on queries in May–August 2011 of 42 data sources, including PubMed, Web of Science (WoS), other databases devoted to the published literature of individual scholarly disciplines (such as Biosis and MathSciNet), major publisher websites (e.g., ScienceDirect, SpringerLink), search engines (e.g., GoogleScholar, Scirus), and The Federal Register.	2
In our research, we use the PubMed search engine to crawl data due to its comprehensive coverage and ease of use.	2
Results show that the impact of JASSS is higher in computer sciences, physics and ecology than it is in the social sciences, even though JASSS-indexed articles tend to be more concerned with social science-related topics.	4
The basis of the framework is the development of dimensions based on the specific composition and requirements of the interdisciplinary group.	3
We downloaded all 1888 unit-level environment statements (a total of 18.0 m words) from the REF website.	2
The United States is an influential country with a large number of publication outputs and citations.	5
Weller is Professor and Interim Director, Special Collections Department in the University Library at the University of Illinois at Chicago; e-mail: wiberley@uic.edu, jhurd@uic.edu, and acw@uic.edu, respectively.	0
2016, 2017) or gynecology and obstetrics (Bruggmann et al.	3
We identified nine IRS (IRS 1-9, with underlying key-research areas and awarded esteem-factors):	4
Assessment of Subject Areas (Research Areas) and countries of publication (author affiliation) was conducted on Scopus and WOS for the period 1900–2017.	2
The i-10 measures the number of papers that have been cited at least 10 times.	3
While most works in predicting future citations have been performed at the paper/document level, here we focus on predicting citations between authors.	1
In the selected case study, more than 300 research institutions were considered, using a set of almost 30 performance indicators (including size, production and productivity), which reflect the contributions of the permanent members pertaining to each unit, in a collection of data for a five-year period.	2
We discuss these findings in view of the two main readerships of SSH publications: international academia on the one hand, and a mostly domestic intelligentsia on the other.	5
However, most social media metrics did not have an obvious correlation with impact evaluation, which indicates the social media metrics are useful when paired with citations, but not irreplaceable to citations.	4
2006), and even more specifically, ISI-indexed SNPRs—may be used to illuminate global innovation networks.	1
Some error bars might not be visible due to their size being smaller than the symbol.	0
Results in Figure 3 show that the US and the UK are the nuclei of the TASM, which has strong connections with other countries.	4
IC: International collaboration</METRIC> is the number of publications that have been found with at least two different countries in addresses of the authors divided by the total number of publications in an Academic Subject for an institution during the 5-year period.	3
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The retractions involved 21 research areas, particularly in Psychiatry (19; 52.78%), Neurosciences and Neurology (10; 27.78%), and Psychology (7; 19.44%).	4
This paper aims to determine the existence of differential characteristics between monographic special issues and regular non-monographic issues published by psychology journals according to different bibliometric indicators.	1
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
The aim of this study was to learn more about the characteristics of fake papers at the metadata level.	1
Since indexing and abstracting databases also act as an indicator of the quality, reputation and visibility of journals, Sciverse Scopus (one of the well renowned and highly reputed database) was consulted to determine inclusion of OA titles in Sciverse Scopus.	2
Remarkably, the plot highlights a cultural and geographical separation.	4
Moreover, to operationalize technological knowledge areas, we refer to [53] who coined the term technology area and developed the IPC-Technology Concordance Table.	3
This model was built based on the 2012 U.S.	2
The durations were 1 January–31 December 2012 and 1 January–31 December 2017.	2
More recently, however, Peter van den Besselaar, Ulf Heyman and Ulf Sandstr?m (hereafter BHS) have concluded from their bibliometric analysis that "Australia not only improved its share of research output but also increased research quality, implying that total impact was greatly increased", and hence "Butler's main conclusions are not correct" (van den Besselaar et al., 2017).	1
In this paper, the author introduced a standard method to evaluate the effectiveness of information retrieval systems for evaluating methods to identify SCI publications within NPRs.	5
In addition, our analysis has revealed that Elsevier and Springer have a positive impact on a journal's relevance.	5
Overall, the librarians demonstrated an understanding and appreciation of OA and IRs and their role in scholarly communication and publishing.	5
A gradual increase in research productivity in physiotherapy is observed, particularly in the last 5 years.	5
(V) Data analysis and interpretation: S Van Poucke, H Goyal, DD Rowley, N Liu;	0
Both analyses have been performed with the CRExplorer (www.crexplorer.net; Thor et al.	3
The DCS and ICS network represented higher density and ACC than the full-text network.	4
We find that the potential citations predicted by our best model lead to different rankings across the institutes than current citations indicating structural change.	5
Moreover, post-publication peer review platforms, although external to the scientific publication process contribute more to the correction of science than negative citations.	5
Furthermore, every international journal needs to monitor its representation of Asian authors, ESL authors, and so on, and to ensure that it never falls behind the global trend.	5
*We are indebted to Warren Hagstrom for providing the data analyzed here, and for advice and encouragement throughout our work on this project.	0
Thus, the results of this study might serve scientists who are active in the field of the history of climate change as interesting material from a quantitative perspective.	5
Centrality measures have been used in the past in the context of analyzing co-authorship networks to measure the relative importance of the position of authors within a social network [84], [85].	3
a Researchers are listed in alphabetical order of their last names.	0
147) to obtain the hierarchical clustering of the universities presented by a dendrogram that allowed us to determine the best partition for the 30 Russian universities and the links between the clusters thereby obtained.	3
Funding This research was funded by CAPES-PrInt (Grant No Project 23745992806-2019-Print-Rpi).	0
For a more detailed overview of different bibliographic data sources, one may refer to the special issue of Quantitative Science Studies.1	0
Hence, this article aims to address the following research question: How do ECRs discursively position themselves towards the concept of 'research impact' in navigating conflicting career signals?	1
* Based on a paper given at Café Scientifique, Nottingham, March 2003.	0
We also found that the extension of local measurements to their weighted version do not significantly improved the performance of predicting citations.	4
We use a five-year time period (2010–2014) to avoid yearly fluctuations in publication performances.	2
The following remarks are cast largely in terms of peer review of manuscripts for possible journal publication, but they also apply generally to peer review of grant proposals.	0
Miller, Ph.D., Vice President, Academic Affairs, AACP, for providing the necessary information and helpful suggestions throughout this study.	0
First, there is a relatively smooth inverted U-shaped relationship between the government's investment in scholars' research funding and the number of citations of their published papers.	5
Since the early 1990s he has studied scientific communities in Kenya, Ghana, and India.	0
Descriptive research was typically cited in relation to statements outlining the policy rationale.	4
This study conducted a web-based survey separately for authors in three subject domains.	2
The results show that for the most used sites, the influence of variables examined in shaping scholars' attitudes towards social media use is greater.	5
In this study, we use the co-citation methodology mentioned above to build a contemporaneous global model.	3
The overall Spearman rank order correlation of the vendor and link resolver data was 0.843, allowing libraries to substitute link-resolver data for vendor data in most circumstances, though libraries may wish to look at both for low-use titles.	4
The Tandem Model as transformation approach is introduced.	3
Overall one can say that Field of Research of most important feature to be considered for reciprocal link prediction.	5
RQ4: What may be plausible reasons for observed low volume in gold and green open access as compared to high volume observed in black open access?	1
= .04; p < .05) of research production, and that a large proportion of variance (R2 = .33) is explained by a combination of gender-related variables, such as collaborations, workload division and academic rank.	4
The raw data and code used to generate our analyses and figures are available on the Open Science Framework: https://osf.io/hngwx/.	0
In this study, an automated tool (AssignmentWatch) was developed to detect and notify educators about the upload of assessment content by students.	5
Overall, 3,807 (61%) of the computer scientists have posted a tweet with a URL of a publisher domain.	4
The study is based on a combination of bibliometric analysis and interviews.	3
We focus on simulating the exponentially growing case and compare some properties of a network generated by our model to those of DBLP 2013-09-29.	2
(2) PPtop 10 % is the share of papers that belong to the 10% most cited papers in a certain subfield and time period.	3
The ICT sector in South Asia is mostly led by Indian academia and supported by its government, with a limited private sector or industry participation.	5
Let x = (xk)k≥1 and y = (yk)k≥1 be two sequences in X.	3
We therefore conclude that the validity of the measurement has to be discussed before any research-based measurement of productivity or efficiency at national level can be described.	5
Data on submission fees were obtained from the journals' websites, where this information is typically included in the authors' guidelines.	2
One hundred and twenty-six faculty-level OREF grants were awarded to 121 individuals.	4
For this purpose, a longitudinal and visualizing survey of its evolution was proposed through integrating scientometric mapping, complex network and GIS analyses in order to portray its intellectual landscape, to discover its structural changes, and to demonstrate its knowledge base.	1
This study explored the trends and issues relating to the application of traditional medicine in stroke research.	1
To compare the curves visually, the sample sizes were normalized to 100	0
In general, Spatial-LeaderRank consistently outperforms all other indices.	4
All the networks constructed in this paper are based on data on articles and citations extracted from three Thomson Reuters Citation Index?	2
* Author to whom correspondence should be addressed; E-Mail: karin.vitzthum@charite.de; Tel.: +49-30-450-529598, Fax: +49-30-450529980.	0
The middle term in each equation explicitly shows the weight wi that is used when forming the weighted average.	0
Geosciences multidisciplinary, oceanography, ecology, meteorology and atmospheric sciences and geography physical were the most popular subject categories.	4
The core research questions of this study are as follow: (1) What are the domestic and international publication trends of research papers related to the TGP?	1
(2002) and Mixon and Sawyer (2005) asserts that the supply of critiques of an unpublished manuscript by informal commenters represents an author-supplied input or form of effort in the production process that is related to quality control, and that can be captured through the information provided in the acknowledgement footnote of a published study.	3
Our results show that men dominate reviewing roles in all countries and research fields.	5
Citation distributions over time of 87 articles authored by members of a multi-institution, multidisciplinary center are contrasted with 88 articles authored by a comparison group.	2
We focus on two dimensions of research performance-productivity and excellence-as defined in the evaluation methodology of the Slovenian Research Agency.	1
While history citing styles have several advantages over science citing styles, they also have some significant weaknesses.	5
Origin of the study from Europe and Asia (p ≤ 0.001 and 0.005, respectively), study type as case report/case series (p=0.036) and increasing number of coauthors were found to be the associated factors on multivariate analysis.	4
Multiple author affiliations may play a positive role in the production of high-impact science.	5
After combining all data obtained from the above three platforms/databases, our final data sample comprise 7721 papers published in Nature during 2010–2020.	2
The intent of this model is to show how sensitive future submissions are to acceptance rates and whether prospective authors use acceptance rates as a factor when considering whether to submit a paper to a conference.	0
half) which are available via subscription with an option to make a specific article openly accessible - that is, hybrid journals.	4
The standouts in this respect are the United States, United Kingdom and Taiwan.	5
From this co-occurrence network of author keywords, a total of nine clusters are configured.	4
+Marc Raynaud, Valentin Goutaudier and Kevin Louis have contributed equally to the article as first authors.	0
As is already known, English dominates both WoS and Scopus (92.64% of the documents indexed in Scopus are in English and this percentage is even higher in the WoS with 95.37% compared to the second language with the highest number of documents in Scopus, Chinese, with 2.76% and the second language in WoS, Spanish, with 1.26%).	4
These findings demonstrate that article dissemination through news outlets and social media sites represents an effective and evolving tool for increasing reach and knowledge translation.	5
Global and China intracranial aneurysm-related publications were retrieved from the Web of Science database from 1991 to 2012.	2
H-indices are also lower in Social Sciences and Arts and Humanities than in Natural Sciences.	4
As expected, manuscripts being submitted for the first time were more likely to receive desk rejections than manuscripts that had been previously submitted and rejected elsewhere.	4
We also uncovered notable variations along their careers, often associated with the Nobel Prize, including shifting coauthorship structure in the prize-winning work, and a significant but temporary dip in the impact of work they produce after winning the Nobel Prize.	4
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
In other words, in addition to not joining science in the first place, women leave science more than men (Hill et al.	0
Only by utilizing fractional scoring does, the total score of all papers exactly reproduce the theoretical value in each case.	4
In this paper, we shed new light on one of the great puzzles of our time: why the connectivity brought by the Internet has not led to the upsurge in innovation that recombinant theory predicts.	5
Finally, any theory of community and credit must countenance apparent heterogeneity in community and credit types.	5
Journal information is obtained from the journal citation reports and all citation data are retrieved from the Web of Science (WoS), considering the time span 1978–2007.	2
The clusters of disciplines for the Slovene science system revealed 5 clusters of scientific disciplines that, in large measure, correspond with the official national classification of sciences.	4
All the analysed papers have been collected from SW, where more than 200 million full text documents, ranging from scientific journal articles up to clinical trial documents are updated on a regular basis.	2
In only 25.8 % of citing articles was it clearly stated that Reuben's work had been retracted.	4
The Institutions with more indexed documents were the university system of the University of California and the National Autonomous University of Mexico with 99 (6.7%) and 84 (5.7%) respectively.	4
We analyzed the data from the sociological, computational phonetics and conceptual diversity perspectives.	3
The future of megajournals as a major publishing platform is now threatened.	5
All study data are included in the article and/or SI Appendix.	0
Specifically, while medalists and contenders have similar cognitive mobility rates initially, the medalists exhibit a far greater rate of mobility in the postmedal period.	4
Among all 263 ECR respondents (see their demographics in Table 2), 249 of them submitted the questionnaire via mobile phone.	2
To uncover the differences in English scientific writing between native English-speaking scholars (NESs) and NNESs, we collected a large-scale data set containing more than 150,000 full-text articles published in PLoS between 2006 and 2015.	1
The results suggest that WoS has made an effort to have better coverage of Arts & Humanities and the main Latin American languages, while Scopus has extensive coverage of Technology, Life Sciences & Biomedicine areas and Asian languages, such as Chinese, Japanese and Korean.	5
This study aimed to compare social media attention and citation rates between OA and non-OA publications in the total knee arthroplasty (TKA) literature.	1
Nevertheless, we find reasons to recommend the publication-level option.	5
The study was able to identify the key bibliometric indicators, such as publications, keywords, authors, countries, institutions, and journals.	3
RQ2: How does the disciplinary co-occurrence relationships of the references evolve over time?	1
This indicates that the extraction of linguistic patterns in citation context and the use of CRF to achieve the expression of more complex logical structures in these patterns can better capture the language organization patterns used by the authors, thus helping to identify the implicit sentiments in citation context.	5
Period 2 - 01/01/1995 to 31/12/2010 (Second 50% of publications)	2
Number of articles in the field of orthopedics in USA, Japan and China	0
The questionnaire used in the research was developed based on the open access survey created by Sheikh (2019).	2
We have presented an ambitious new model for dealing with retractions of studies with bad data, which deviates substantially from the long-established model of professional self-regulation.	5
Finally, we compared the current funding status to funding of surgeon-scientists in June of 2010.	1
The main problem with this measure is that—somewhat paradoxically—it may be that s = 1 even in the case in which citations are perfectly evenly spread across articles.	1
A structural equation modeling (SEM) approach was employed to assess the hypothesized relationships in the scientists' article sharing model.	3
a School of Management, Beijing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics, Beijing, P.R.	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE—April 1, 1999 361	0
In this study we analyzed the 100 most cited articles focused on CHD via bibliometric approaches.	5
As shown in Tables 2 and 3, the top three titles on both lists were identical.	4
The author also thanks the AusJPS referees for their helpful suggestions.	0
The normalized citation network shows that boundary crossing contributes to more knowledge exchanges between physics and the target fields than the average level.	4
Future research should overcome these obstacles so as to make further advances in this field.	5
The most common category of objects found in the repositories were “Faculty research” (found in 274 IRs), “Theses, dissertations, and capstone projects” (found in 267 IRs), and “Student research” (found in 212 IRs).	4
Indices and AS were calculated from publication data via the Scopus</DATABASE> search engine with assessment of construct validity and reliability.	3
How can one quantify the cognitive distances between two entities using the journals in which they have published?	1
Because no method can be singled out as the best one, this study aimed to contribute empirically to the questionable area of using search strategies and citation analysis at the journal level to delineate research fields.	5
The SSI is conceptually similar to the renown Activity Index (AI) introduced by Frame (1977).	3
Specifically, we applied Joint Correspondence Analysis (JCA), a more efficient variant of Multiple Correspondence Analysis (Camiz and Gomes 2013; Greenacre 2007).	3
Our analysis showed that socio-economic status was a highly significant factor for the difference in proportion of publications in mega-journals versus premium journals (Figure 1).	4
Despite the aforementioned limitations, our study provides a general bibliometric overview of JONM from its first issue in 1993 to 2018.	5
In this paper we employed the MST algorithm to a dynamic discipline-level citation data set with the goal to identify knowledge paths among scientific disciplines.	5
This suggests that enacting a policy that restricts close intellectual ties may reduce the quality of the NIH-supported research portfolio, as measured by future citations.	5
Overall institutional publication trend 2005–2020: Journal Articles (Protea University's 2020 Research Performance Analysis 2022: Slide 9).	0
These are all size-dependent or composite indicators of input and output1?3.	0
Publication rate and publication status, affiliation and author count per article, and submission-to-publication time were analysed in R.	3
This study offers academic libraries and university RIM systems suggestions on how to support Chinese researchers' needs for RIM and engage them in curating research information on personal and community-wide levels, such as providing instructions on profile creation, assisting in self-archiving copyright-compliant full-text articles, allowing assignment of Chinese and English tags to publications, and promoting the norms of altruism and reciprocity.	5
The evaluation performance of multiple LLMs of different types and scales on the datasets was scrutinized through the analysis of originality score (OS), originality type (OT), and originality description (OD), all of which were generated by the LLM.	3
Two data sets are used to demonstrate the usefulness of the proposed search path counting and main path extraction algorithms.	2
These changes have allowed Michigan Medicine to support triple the number of Expanded Access requests, including more than 45 Expanded Access requests in fiscal year 2018.	4
At this stage, the data groupings included 2244 manuscripts harvested from ChemRxiv, as well as 3196 TA publications identified through the Scopus Search API (see Table 6).	2
This study uses the verification process for publications submitted for promotion implemented at Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST) in Ghana as case.	3
What is the difference in the altmetric performance of academic books among different fields?	1
In general, we do not find statistically significant differences in terms of productivity.	4
Therefore, in this study, we undertook a territorial mapping of research output from India at the level of different states.	1
To study the evolution and coevolution of multiplex relations among the group members, we administered a survey questionnaire to the group members every year from 2007 to 2009.	2
When defining itself as descriptive, the research seeks to accomplish an analysis of the benefits and contributions that can result in the contextualization of the problem with the field of knowledge regarding the Digital Humanities.	3
Throughout the study period, submissions out-of-hours and on weekends were less likely to get an editorial decision of ‘accept’ or ‘revise’: odds ratio weekend versus weekday 0.87 (CI 0.78–0.97).	4
Acknowledgments The authors acknowledge their debt to Paul Gottlieb for editing the manuscript	0
We also thank anonymous referees and the Editor of the Journal for helpful comments and suggestions.	0
In conclusion, since its inception, China CDC Weekly has played a clear role in the field of public health in China.	5
Here we utilized the MeSH ontology to analyze the entire PubMed index over a roughly half-century period, thereby contributing to the literature on convergence science, recombinant innovation, and the development of scientometric methods for analyzing interdisciplinary research.	5
COVID-19, corona-virus, SARS-CoV-2 are the most prevalent keywords with 28, 17 and 13 number of frequency, respectively,	4
The first principal component is mainly a combination of all dimensions apart from those reflecting student satisfaction and facilities spend (as indicated by the weights in Table 4), while the second principal component largely represents the combined dimensions of student satisfaction and facilities spend.	4
The National Survey on Research Integrity (NSRI) targeted all disciplinary fields and academic ranks in the Netherlands.	1
The first group contained recorded research whose geographic scope was Argentin*, determined by the presence of the name of the country or the name of any province of Argentina in the field of title, keywords and/or abstract of the bibliographic register.	3
Our search resulted in 41 relevant articles (see Appendix A for details).	2
When we consider fractional publications, the chemists publish 3.01 times more publications than economists.	4
For each article, the following were recorded: number of authors, affiliations of authors, addresses for correspondence, number of countries in which research was conducted and list of these countries.	3
In this section, all plots are drawn from real statistic collected from Microsoft Academic Search [19].	2
However, existing measures of the research leadership do not take into account the intensity of leadership in the co-authorship network.	1
The search process resulted in 1,319 documents between the years 1979 and 2018.	2
The data were extracted from Elsevier's Scopus database, the world's largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature (Elsevier 2014).	2
Significant values of the test statistic (Dmax) are in bold type.	0
As OA is one potential approach to improving access to scientific literature in LMICs, the goal of the current study is to define OA policies, subscription costs, and availability of health literature as relevant to people in LMICs.	1
Therefore, from the above data, we can divide the evolution of the international cooperation network of Chinese Business School into the following three stages: 2000-2008, 2009-2013, and 2014-2018.	4
Judging from this, it seems that ecologists in Chile are better positioned than national practitioners of other scientific disciplines, at least within the Latin American context.	5
The purpose of this study was to investigate the presence of co-authorship from Brazil in articles published in top-tier dental journals, categorized according to their main subject, and analyze the influence of international collaboration, article type, and funding on citation rates.	1
Path dependence is revealed in informal and formal institutions, such as unchanged international links, scientific outlets and, most significantly, in the Russian Academy of Sciences.	5
Most of the external work registered by university lecturers was for governments (local, regional or national).	4
If in the next year the link between field "C" and "A" has become stronger, then "C" may displace "B", and "B" will form a separate cluster.	0
We find that the landscape of public avian influenza research is not directly driven by expectations of societal outcomes.	4
To study the impact of converting from subscription-based publishing to open access ("flipping") in three obstetrics and gynecology (OBGYN) journals.	1
This approach consists of selecting one or several Medical Subject Heading (MeSH) descriptors (in combination with qualifiers when necessary) from the US National Library of Medicine MeSH database.	3
Keywords: blog community; informal communication; invisible college; social hyperlink; social network	0
The articles published from 1991 onward were searched using the terms "Pulp regeneration" OR "Pulp revascularization” OR “Regenerative Endodontics” OR “Pulp vitalization" and their permutations.	2
Physics journals' similarity network in 2014 (list of journals see in Table 1).	0
First-authorship in articles is one of the key determinants of the author's contribution to research output; in addition, scientists of different age groups will have different levels of contribution.	1
Niels Weertman from Science Direct for providing the necessary usage data.	0
We demonstrated the diagram of generating clustered journal maps on a dashboard to display an automated system for hierarchical classification and make the data clearer and easier to understand.	5
To achieve this we first ranked the inward and outward ISI citations made in 2009 and 2010, which we used to create the indexCit, which measured their inter-journal relationships, as follows:	3
The purpose of this study was to analyze substance abuse treatment center's websites in the State of California with the goal of informing the management of substance abuse centers regarding an effective and inexpensive means to closing the marketing gaps in the industry.	1
Note: The citation records of Journal of Financial Management of Property and Construction and Journal of Facilities Management cannot be found on the SCIE, SSCI or AHCI databases of WoS.	0
This study provides an overview of the current development of the global pharmaceutical patent landscape, with a comparative study of Chinese and U.S. pharmaceutical patents through the lenses of DOI approach and using network analysis and visualization techniques.	5
For the present analysis, we aggregated the 27 subject areas into the following 7 main research disciplines: 1) Medicine and Life Sciences, 2) Engineering, Energy, and Material Sciences, 3) Business and Economics, 4) Physical Sciences, 5) Humanities and Social Sciences, 6) Computer Science, and 7) Multidisciplinary research.	3
RQ1: What are the primary misconduct behaviours that researchers encounter during the peer-review process?	1
The giant component in the HIV network is particularly vulnerable to the withdrawal of international authors, which would leave African authors in a large number of small and regionally disconnected local collaboration networks.	4
Namely, we rank the authors in each cohort based on their aggregate impact over their first five and second five career years and divide both rankings into deciles.	3
IRRODL publishes field notes, book reviews, technical reviews and editorials that are not peer reviewed but are included in only the second row of Table 1.	0
As of 9 September 2020, Hirsch (2005) had been cited 4,568 times, of which the linked citations are (NF + NB) = (total citations) = 3734 + 151 = 3885; NF = 3734, NB = 151; NR = 1320.	4
For example an author who has had 10 of their articles cited at least 10 times each has an h-index of 10, regardless of the total number of publications.	0
It can also be deduced from the data that Indian research institutions have failed to attract foreign users, as most of the visitors hail from India.	5
From those 2D vector representations, a widely known clustering algorithm for patterns detection, K-means, was used [32–34].	3
The values of degree centrality of collaboration networks are subject to segmented Zifp-Pareto distribution.	5
(6) What is the extent of research collaboration in the topical area of research?	1
Articles selected for inclusion were published online between January 2017 and April 2018; this includes early view articles.	2
The issues along with this new practice include dead OpenURL linking, index irregularities, self-congratulatory sponsors and their misled audience in East Asia.	4
A comparison of mean log-transformed citation counts between articles that are and are not referenced in AHFS DI Essentials shows that AHFS DI Essentials references are more highly cited than average for the publishing journal.	4
The WoS Cited Reference Search mode with the SCIE was used in combination with Boolean operators to extract citations to each encyclopedia from 2000 to 2015 (inclusive).	2
We study the corpus of texts in the AER, QJE, JPE, REStud, and Econometrica, and all articles written by AER's editors between 1979 and 2014 which are available at the JStor.	2
For purposes of the present study, earlier versions of the vocabularies of biology, chemistry, computing, linguistics, mathematics, philosophy, physics, and psychology from Benjafield (2012, 2013, 2014, 2016, 2019a) were updated using the OED Online (2020).	2
This can be achieved through increasing international collaboration and multidisciplinary work.	5
The institutional addresses of the respondents included 48 different countries, excluding 2 indecipherable and incomplete country names.	0
Therefore, nonparametric Kruskal-Wallis test was used to compare mean citation among OA models.	3
We utilized cluster analysis and conditional inference tree to explore the relationship between quality in the reporting of research (represented by rigor and relevance) and scientiometrics (represented by normalized citations).	3
These 12 agencies account for 88.9% of all the patent records in the sample, with the top four agencies – the HHS, DoD, DoE, and NSF - accounting for just over 82.4%.	4
Given the extreme skewness of our dependent variable (i.e., over dispersion), the Negative Binomial regression technique is the most appropriate.	3
Our methodology is based on the probability distributions derived from the keywords observed in a collection of publications.	3
110 european political science: 8 2009 journal publications from politics departments in ireland	0
“Natural disaster medical rescue” and “fundamental theories of disaster medicine” constitute the primary and secondary core themes, respectively.	5
Membership in COPE demonstrates an organization's commitment to ethical conduct on part of its publishers, editors, reviewers, and authors.	5
Author contributions All authors contributed to the study conception and design.	0
This study thus tests whether the citation advantage of papers written in collaboration is associated with the higher quality of the papers or not.	1
The model with PageRank scores as dependent variable explains about twice as much of the variation than the other models.	4
The goal of this information retrieval task is to rank authors with expertise in response to a paper submission.	1
Differences in ASCR were found between 2012 and 2013 (p=0.008), between 2013 and 2016 (p<0.0001), but not between 2012 and 2016 (p=1.000).	4
These profiles of translational research among academic institutions exemplifies how the societal benefit of academic research can be used to profile universities through the hypothesized multidimensional indicators.	5
In this study, we address the following main research question: RQ1.	1
We identified the gender of the authors based on lists of country-specific first names (J?rg Michael 2007).	3
The gender difference in research productivity might also be related to women's pregnancy, maternity leave, a disproportionate share of responsibilities at home, and a more significant role in supporting their family than male scientists.	5
We use the keyword “accounting” as input and employ the search restricting to journals with impact factor measures (JCR, SJR, or both).	2
Because of these limitations, many variants of the h-index (e.g., the g-index Egghe (2006)) have been produced but they in turn have their own biases and also increase the complexity and lack of transparency of the metric so in this paper we will concentrate on the fundamental h-index.	0
These results suggest that the topical key word “traumatic brain injury" has reverberated significantly more through the neurological critical care literature than it has the neurosurgical literature since 2010.	4
We used their individual funder databases, as well as an aggregated database: NIH REPORTER and ExPORTER, UKRI Gateway to Research, EC CORDIS, the Wellcome Trust website, and the Dimensions database.	2
The rate of growth in SCI publications is much higher in upper strata universities.	4
Popularity on Twitter, designed for acclamation and communication, is significantly associated with both more co-authors and more citing authors, with a higher correlation coefficient for the second.	4
The general network (31,539 authors, 77,138 links, link density = .015%) was larger, but less densely connected, than the HIV-specific network (7165 authors, 18,452 links, link density = .07%).	4
The mean publication rate for an academic scientist over a 10 year period is 7.45.	4
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:331053 []	0
For each record, at least one of the authors has the affiliation in one of the 15 CEE countries.	2
While rating of abstracts was not different between males and females (p = 0.475), publication rate of females was lower compared to males (17.5% vs 24.4 ≥ %, p < 0.001).	4
Our search was based on an archived but regularly updated version of the original Beall list.	2
Here, we used multivariate models to evaluate the relative influence of collaboration, time since publication and traditional indicators on the interest of 2863 papers published in five ecological journals from 2013 to 2015 as given by nine OnSMP.	1
For each author, we extract the number of citations from Harzing's Publish or Perish (http://www.harzing.com/pop.htm) to compile the scores for the h, g, e and AWCRpA metrics.	3
Next, we cluster the texts using a simple greedy algorithm.	3
One reason for the reduction might be that the citations are normalized on the base of WoS subject categories.	0
This paper will conduct predictive analysis of multiple future scientific impacts by embedding a heterogeneous network and showing that a network embedding method is a promising tool for capturing and expressing scientific trends.	1
Then, we enlisted editors, reviewers, and research supervisors to refine the severity of the plagiarism dimensions to articulate a plagiarism spectrum.	3
For 644 citing articles included in the Top a% Citations sets, MA was used to obtain the h-indices of the first and the corresponding authors (sometimes this is the same person).	3
The (hypothetical) effect of a mobility event on productivity might be visualized as shown in Fig.	0
Many scientists were respected by people and science has made great development in the twentieth century.	0
La Revue canadienne des sciences de l'information et de bibliothéconomie, Vol.	0
Notes: Significant at: *5 and **1 percent; ABSOLUTE value of t-statistics in parentheses	0
New models, which seem particularly attractive to manuscript authors, are acceptance of any scientifically valid articles as practiced in 'megajournals'.	4
In order to perform the preprocessing mentioned on the data and before extracting the most important words based on TF-IDF, the words used in the text of the articles were stemmed by Porter stemmer [40, 41].	3
To express the strength of a link between two journals we calculated a first order similarity based on Salton's cosine measure.	3
What functions does citing the specific publication serve between NS and SSH researchers?	1
The search includes articles published from 2001 to 2015.	2
For those who stated they had never stored data, the most frequent reasons for not having done so were privacy and confidentiality, the lack of a mandated data policy or a lack of knowledge of how to do it.	4
We found that design scholars were not used to cite other relevant scholarly works or their own works in their scholarly design work.	4
Seven journals are analyzed: three leading traditional multidisciplinary journals (Nature, PNAS, Science), two established large-scale megajournals (PLOS One and Scientific Reports), and two prominent fledgling multidisciplinary journals (Nature Communications, PeerJ).	2
We also compare ASA rankings with other ranking systems including the ABS ratings (4*, 4, 3, 2, 1), ABDC ratings, Scimago's SJR rankings, and Thomson Reuters' Journal Citation Reports (JCR) rankings.	1
Messages without replies are considered threads of only a single message; there were 322 such threads.	0
There is a literature gap regarding the period representativeness bias associated with sample selection in longitudinal bibliometric studies.	1
Regression models indicated that along with other dimensions, Google Books Citations frequently best explained LPH (in 14 out of 26 fields), whereas Goodreads User counts were weak, but the best predictor of both LEH and TLH (in 15 fields out of 26), suggesting significant association of eholdings with online uptake of books.	4
For this purpose, we chose the so-called "Leiden Manifesto" that was published by a group of colleagues in Nature on April 23, 2015 (Hicks, Wouters, Waltman, de Rijcke, & Rafols, 2015).	2
Median AS was 0 (0–53), and in articles published after the year 2000, AS was associated with citation number (r = 0.461, p = 0.001) and citation rate index (r = 0.455, p = 0.002).	4
The persistence and frequency of the invitations were persuasive strategies.	4
The top five citing journals are JASIST(17 %), IPM(8.4 %), JOD(5.5 %), Scientometrics(4.7%), JIS(4.1 %).	4
In particular, the knowledge flows that occur among researchers from the same universities are more relevant than others in enhancing the quality of research.	4
This is a large subset of the VABB-SHW database for which the number of pages is readily available in the system or could be additionally retrieved by the authors from online sources such as book publishers' websites and WorldCat.org.	2
The obtained results confirm the dominant role of the US in this type of collaboration.	4
The h-index has a strong correlation with 4 indices and with 1 index it has a weak correlation.	4
The optimized search algorithm revealed that only a few ETS publications were published before 1980; their number increased sharply in 1980s, but only moderately in 1990s and 2000s (Figure 1E).	4
The list was generally categorized into 'Focused' and 'Mixed' articles.	3
Our results provide unique and comprehensive insights into research activities on AF around the globe.	5
Acknowledgments This paper was supported by a grant from the National Science Council of Taiwan (NSC 101-2410-H-030-079).	0
On the basis of this analysis, we advocate that the Citation Medians published on the WoS should be afforded increased prominence as a journal performance metric.	5
The most notable difference is the much shorter average academic age identified in the current sample than in Harzing et al.’s (2014) sample, with means of 11.97 and 23.86 years respectively.	4
IJNS: 2.29 for 2016 and 2.46 for 2017 ?	4
While the Office of Legal Affairs was reviewing the policy, we also decided to reach out to colleagues at other institutions in North Carolina and the Southeast who had long-standing open access policies to learn how they implemented these policies and how they encouraged compliance with them.	2
This study should help governments to be aware of how these social variables affect research and take part in this matter.	5
Although 155 identified questionnaires were obtained, 45 scholars in the initial sample had to be removed because they either could not be identified in Scopus or had no publication records.	2
According to the cluster analysis, universities with similar features can be divided into three major categories (Table 5).	4
The higher the Collaboration Strength Index (CSI), the more likely the laureate has a larger and fixed collaborative team.	4
The figure shows that, on average, only 25 per cent of journal articles on Africa had at-least one African-based scholar over the period 2005–2015.	4
We observe that the share of authors among Asia-Pacific academic institutions has noticeable increased in recent years.	4
The sessions were video-recorded, transcribed verbatim, and analysed following a Grounded Theory (GT) approach to develop theoretical understandings of the process of knowledge production and research impact.	3
The result implies that scholars from other countries rarely referenced course materials developed by Asian educators.	5
The results indicated that developmental and collaboration HRM practices positively moderated the curvilinear relationship between multidisciplinarity and research performance.	4
We then demonstrate how these challenges played out over the course of three case studies from our own experience in engaging security communities of practice.	2
Finally, we find evidence that it is more important for a scientific work to inspire trans-domain (or indirectly related domain) works than to receive only intradomain recognition in order to achieve high impact.	4
In the current framework of the WoS database, we can access the information of scientific articles during 1981-2016.	2
One of these lies in its redundancy, being essentially tied with the citation count, thus providing negligible additional information.	5
theses defenses, hence using the publication data from 2005 to 2018.	2
As the biggest academic organization in the world, Chinese Academy of Sciences is ranked 1 both at outputs and at citations in monsoon research.	4
Through the above analyses, the current status and the emerging trends of the research published on TRANSPORT can be comprehensively learned, which helps researchers know more about this journal and transport-related investigations directly.	5
We analyzed 27,662 articles that received 127,974 citations.	2
Our first step toward presenting the policy to the faculty was creating a presentation that we could give in various venues to spread the message as far and wide as possible.	3
3,867 articles were found and analyzed for common bibliometric items such as the number of citations, language of the articles or the (modified) Hirsch-Index (h-index).	2
Brought to you by | New York University Bobst Library Technical Services	0
These retracted publications were cited 5,659 times in other research publications, of which 1,559 occurred after the retraction, which should raise concern.	4
Among the various indicators we examined, cnlFlog1.5 proved to be particularly effective in evaluating academic journals across different disciplines, both in theoretical analysis and empirical research.	5
Against such a backdrop, this study was conducted during January to March 2021 on 207 students enrolled in four universities, three situated in the National Capital Territory (NCT) of Delhi, India: Delhi University (DU), Jamia Millia Islamia (JMI), and Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), and one situated in Saudi Arabia, namely Saudi Electronic University (SEU).	2
These findings also provide additional impetus for the recognition of business ethics as a distinct business discipline and business ethics research as a unique field of scholarly endeavor.	5
For clustering, partitional and hierarchical clustering methods were used.	3
It indicates the extent to which an individual is near all other individuals in a network directly or indirectly.	0
Finally, we identified the group that each country focused on, and this result reflected the countries' research policies.	4
This average was then correlated with the Blau diversity index for each paper.	3
To do this we calculated an adjusted citation impact (ACI) of each article by means of the formula ACI = (TC – SC)/(RY – PY), where TC is the times the article is cited, SC self-citations, RY is the year of review and PY is the year of having published the article.	3
Moreover, our results imply that existing educational and research systems partly fail to foster research integrity to such an extent that integrity permeates the entire research culture at the studied universities.	5
Our results show that although working with "giants” may have benefits and appeal for ambit ious young scholars who prioritize ca- reer achievement and productivity; it is hardly a require- ment for long-term success.	5
The ISSN of each paper enabled us to automatically cross-reference it with impact factor lists from the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) of the corresponding publication year.	3
The first of these, Callon's centrality, indicates the strength of relationships among different clusters (Callon et al., 1991).	3
Software Sci2 performs a so-called “Merge Document Sources”, but unfortunately it can only be applied to ISI files (exported from WoS), so it is not available for this case study.	4
This article uses a heuristic to identify publishing consortia throughout science from 1996–2018 to investigate impact and authorship order, and a manual classification of their type for deeper insights into their contributions to science.	1
A hierarchical regression analysis was conducted to predict the mean and median h-Index of social work schools with doctoral programs.	3
We conduct an exploratory data analysis using data concerning outputs of art faculties submitted for two evaluation exercises (2013 and 2017).	2
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial or not-for-profit sectors.	0
Nevertheless, having a good understanding of the concepts, terms, and definitions—as fluid and imperfect as they may be—is valuable for developing scholarly publishing literacy skills.	5
Academic Journals has rebuffed accusations of predation, and continues to attract submissions to its journals.	4
By recasting the journal cross-citation matrix as a directed network, journals can be represented by nodes and journal-journal citations correspond to weighted directed links between nodes.	3
Collaboration pattern in terms of gender preference was studied under national and international categories.	3
NSERC1 funding data in the period of 1996-2010 is considered, and the numbers of published articles in one-year and three-year time windows are counted as the proxy for the scientific production.	2
Bibliographic coupling analysis grouped the journal's publications into four different groups with the objective of identifying the leading trends and the evolution of the journal.	3
Chandigarh and Puducherry had high total publications/gross state domestic product values.	4
Our findings challenge the assumption that high-quality research, as traditionally measured, directly informs policy.	5
In the light of the results of analysis, there was a significant increase in the number of author appearances, number of authors, ratio of articles per author, ratio of authors per article, number of multi authored articles, number of authors of multi-authored articles, and the index of collaboration by sub-periods.	5
The research output data for India for 2001–20 were obtained from the Web of Science (WoS) database, and publications were tagged to different states based on the location of the affiliating institution of the publication.	2
Document co-citation analysis, a method developed by bibliometric research, is demonstrated as a way to help identify key literature for cross-disciplinary ideas.	1
However, users may print, download, or email articles for individual use.	0
These authors share the common features of significantly larger numbers of publications and citations, a higher H-index, and longer academic life.	5
One of the most striking observations is the marked ascendancy of Chinese universities, especially in the fields of Engineering and Life Sciences.	5
The number of cited papers per patent has also increased from 7 to 13 over time.	4
Examining the distribution of FA by citation index database, by language, and by acknowledgment type, we noted coverage limitations and potential biases in each analysis.	1
Through elicitation of opinions about challenges and opportunities, and perceptions of future development, the study also aimed to influence the design of a new international web-based forum for learning and sharing information on this topic.	1
The definition of “net-outflow discipline” is that a discipline is cited more than it cites, i.e., Eij > Eji, and “net-inflow discipline” is a discipline that cites more than it is cited, i.e., Eij < Eji.	3
We find that it is not possible to predict the inclusion of journals in WoS only through the universalistic criteria because particularistic variables such as country of the journal, its discipline, and language are strongly related to inclusion in WoS.	4
We take the cue from a recent change in the information shown on each researcher's profile page, which now discloses the number of full-text reads, in addition to the already provided number of overall reads.	1
This article presents a bibliometric analysis regarding co-authoring, co-occurrence and citations relative to the scientific production in the field of Physics in Latin America between the years 2013 and 2022, according to the Science Citation Index Expanded database in the WoS website.	1
The network analysis of co-authorship, co-citation, keyword co-occurrence and bibliographic coupling reveals most prominent relationships between authors, documents, co-cited references, sources and countries for the available documents on the research field.	4
In this study, data are coalesced from four different types of reports to further examine journal value: Journal Citation Reports (JCR), Web of Science, Journal Report 1 (JR1), and institutional financial data.	2
As top- level scholars age, their writing style increasingly differs from others'.	4
We find the negative relationship is completely driven by the fact that a large portion of researchers stays within the same university where they have received highest degree.	5
The survey leads to a collection of expert human assessment on a subset of 272 theses (93 interdisciplinary and 179 mono-disciplinary theses).	2
Leaving aside the discipline of Medicine, this occurs in only 13% of cases.	4
The Scopus database was used to identify DPH-relevant articles published from 1965 to 2014 in three core DPH journals (DPHJs) and from 2005 to 2014 in Dental Journals (DJs), Public Health (PHJs) and General Journals (GJs).	2
We collected data on all the clinical research papers of each hospital from the fiscal year 2017 business report on the MHLW website.	2
For example, countries in the lowest investment group show higher international collaboration and publications in Open Access Journals.	4
The research questions that guided the study are: RQ1.	1
On 11 December 2018, we searched the Scopus database for citations of the 2158 OTSR articles.	2
In addition, funded documents received more citations than unfunded papers in all three disciplines under study.	4
Eleven medical colleges (n=4 government medical colleges [GMCs] and n = 7 private medical colleges [PMCs]) participated.	2
First, this paper presents the 50 most cited papers of all time in business & economics.	1
AA is defined as the difference between the publication year of an author’s latest paper and his first paper [31].	3
And most such studies are unique for their subject field, which means that authors often have little, if anything, with which to directly compare the results of their citation analysis studies, or must expand the chronological scope to record trends, not just the results from a single time.	0
J Med Ethics 2011 37: 567-570 originally published online April 12, 2011	0
In this paper, we have compared a real-life scenario in which researchers in the field have incomplete information about the editor's type ex ante, with a benchmark scenario in which the editor's type is common knowledge.	5
Authors' addresses (respectively): Interdisciplinary Department of Information Science, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15260, USA; Department of Social Sciences, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, Georgia 30332, USA.	0
This evidently neglects the movement of faculty through some of other intermediate departments/institutions between i and j and is a potential source of error.	0
This article presents a visual and systematic overview of the present Multimedia Big Data issues.	5
A total of 3,605 citations to secondary sources from those 2,567 footnotes were identified and analyzed.	2
When a journal follows the Tandem Model, authors will have to decide in which track their article will appear in case of acceptance.	3
The ability to capture this evolution relationship among these algorithms in scientific literature would not only allow us to understand how a particular algorithm is composed, but also shed light on large-scale analysis of algorithmic evolution through different temporal spans and thematic scales.	1
Scopus Subject Area scheme was used to group each label and show hence an easier disciplinary evolution.	3
We then selected the first case-control or cohort study published in 2013 from each of the 12 eligible OA journals (Group A; n = 12), and the first case-control or cohort study published in 2013 from each of the 26 eligible non-OA journals (Group B; n = 26).	2
We argue that these unexpected outcomes can be related to the use of “dual concept diversity” which combines “variety” and “balance” in the definitions (ex ante).	1
Data were analyzed using negative binomial and linear regression models.	3
To demonstrate the effect of ICCI on the scientific impact of interdisciplinary research, we propose two questions.	1
The USA leads the two most influential journals in the field: Management Science and Operations Research.	4
It consists of 97 nodes, 80 of which (almost 83 %) belong to a single connected (giant) component.	4
A more sophisticated way to tabulate one’s citation impact is called the H-Index, created by Hirsch (2005) and is defined as “A scientist has index h if h of his/her Np papers have at least h citations each, and the other (Np-h) papers have no more than h citations each” (p.	3
For this reason, we found that the logarithmic transformed data is more adequate for EFA.	0
4 I thank Alex Csiszar for information on these turn-of-the-century publication practices.	0
The core cluster of the KNI has grown considerably to almost 5 times its initial size, from 946 to 4477 authors who established 7554 co-authorship links.	4
According to Figure 1, the highest percentage of predatory journals was found in linguistics, with 16.23% followed by sociology, gender studies, anthropology and international relations with 13.3%, 11.3%, 10.7% and 10.4% respectively.	4
The present work is concerned with the formulation of a new normalized version of the g-index that overcomes this limitation.	1
3 Distribution of average values of Gini coefficients for TSs in the 130 SDSs under investigation	0
We used descriptive statistics including medians and interquartile ranges for continuous variables and counts and percentages for categorical variables to describe the characteristics of the retractions and the journals.	3
To do this, we used a 7-point Likert scale where “1” was assigned to students who “strongly disagreed” and “7” for “strongly agreed," related to pressure, self-efficacy, and self-competency, and plagiarism.	3
Digital Scholarship in the Humanities Advance Access published June 23, 2015	0
Namely, we find long-term career impact to be associated with progressively lower levels of excess reciprocity.	4
It is clearly visible that the strategic element significantly reinforces the Matthew effect which is already visible in the previous simulations: agents with low h index values not only have lower initial ha index values than agents with high h index values, the ha index values also increase on a significantly lower level across the periods of evaluation.	4
The hierarchical cluster analysis of fields based on the citation and altmetric indicators revealed that the fields of Clinical, Pre-Clinical and Health; and Life Sciences showed high internal homogeneity.	4
(2006) proposed the individual h-index (h?-index) to address this issue.	3
The Spanish communication journals analysed had a poor international presence, with only 16% of their articles submitted from countries other than Spain, and with more than half of these international papers originating in Latin America (8.7%).	5
Jointly published by Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
The relationship between the number of citations received from scientific journals and patents is weak (rs = 0.308, p (2-tailed) = 0) and with the same P-value, this fact is also true for several of the scientific fields including Agricultural Sciences (rs = 0.103), Engineering & Technology (rs = 0.295), Humanities (rs = 0.16), Medical & Health Sciences (rs = 0.221), Natural Sciences (rs = 0.341), Social Sciences (rs = -0.089).	4
DDs were included from US and UK universities among the top 200 in “QS World University Rankings 2022”.	2
Obtained by summing 3904 and 4608 and subtracting the result (8512) from 5521.	0
The top collaborators with more than 5,000 publications are Germany (participating in 12,528 joint publications), United States, and France, followed by the United Kingdom, Italy, and Slovakia, the other successor state of Czechoslovakia.	4
Examining scores that would be considered meritorious, we find that papers where the first author was male have higher scores than papers led by a woman, suggesting a gender bias in altmetric scores.	4
This study comprehensively evaluated the dynamics of gold OA articles concerning 22 ESI research fields for both the Chinese mainland and the rest of the world.	5
The 2016 Science and Engineering Indicators volume from the National Science Foundation (NSF) has data on Ph.D.	2
Overall, the popularity of older papers is increasing (indicated by the slowing rate of decay); however, later in the period, recently published papers are becoming more popular (Fig.	4
Table 3 reports results from a series of OLS models.	3
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
2 Total citations can be informative because an article that has had a moderate number of citations over a long period of time can also be considered to have had a significant impact.	0
The analyses are based on the WoS custom data of our in-house database derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), and Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) produced by Thomson Reuters (Philadelphia, USA).	2
Twelve participants felt that almost all kinds of publication misconduct, i.e.	4
Then, in Section 5, I use an instrumental variable (I.V.) to estimate the productivity of RFA and investigator-initiated grants.	3
The metrics used in this paper and their applicability are listed in Table 1 and discussed below.	0
Here we analyse more than 65 million papers, patents and software products that span the period 1954–2014, and demonstrate that across this period smaller teams have tended to disrupt science and technology with new ideas and opportunities, whereas larger teams have tended to develop existing ones.	1
Thus the cooperation of scientists from different countries strengthened curare research as indicated by the increasing number of collaborative articles and the high article quality represented by a high modified h-index.	5
Results show that SAP is more accurate in this field.	5
In this paper we assume that China will continue its effort to become a global innovator, seeking to create breakthrough products with global brand name recognition.	1
Based on insights from system justification theory [12], we further hypothesize that researchers without tenure, in particular, are likely to become more dissatisfied when publishing time takes longer, in part because the outcomes are more important to the careers of researchers without tenure, and in part because researchers with tenure may have grown accustomed to long publishing times and derive their academic standing from the current publication system.	1
This paper starts a new way to understand scientific collaboration by studying the relationships between team power dynamics and team impact.	1
This listing of the 100 most influential contemporary social work faculty may serve as a stimulus for future research into the causes and correlates of such high achievement (see Corcoran, Robbins, Hepler, & Magner, 1987)	5
In addition, full texts were retrieved in PDF-format and parsed using the Science-Parse library developed by allenai.org and provided through github (https:// github.com/allenai/science-parse).	2
Our study showed that Nepal based researchers were significantly low in number in comparison to their counterparts stationed abroad in terms of their (a) international collaboration, (b) publication of peer-reviewed articles both as a leading and corresponding author, an analogous finding to those of Paudel et al. (2023) who found a low proportion scientific papers in international publications with a sole author from Nepal in biodiversity and conservation research.	5
Among them: five (50%) were administrators of the library system at their institution, three (30%) were directors of disciplinary libraries and two (20%) were directors of information systems at the libraries within their institution.	2
The undergraduate student researchers and their graduate student mentors interviewed in this study exhibited a limited understanding of authorship and the requirements for authorship in their research groups.	4
The uncitedness phenomenon was noticed in the 1960s, and Hamilton's seminal paper in 1991 on uncitedness provoked debate about uncited scientific work.	0
This was a looking forward bibliometric analysis that was conducted from February to May 2018.	3
To improve the disruption metric, we modify the original one by eliminating the impact of highly cited references.	5
Are there changes in the citation functions between NS and SSH researchers, and if so, how?	1
The word “kenkyu” means “research" in Japanese, giving the impression that the publisher is based in Japan.	4
The following robustness checks are implemented to further verify our results.	0
It was found that the AO and EJO contained a significantly larger proportion of research-based publications.	4
Here we focus on the set of 149 physicists who were applicants in the 2012 ASN for a full professorship in the specific area of Condensed Matter Physics.	2
Spearman's test yields a correlation coefficient of 0.447 while Kendall's test yields a correlation coefficient of 0.394.	4
Propositional idea density can be approximated by the number of verbs, adjectives, adverbs, prepositions, and conjunctions divided by the total number of words [59,60].	3
We investigated the top 300 universities from four international rankings, the Times Higher Education World University Ranking (THE), the QS World University Rankings (QS) the ShanghaiRanking-Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) and the U.S.News Best Global Universities Ranking (USNews).	2
We used R Version 3.4.2 (R Foundation for Statistical Computing</ORGANIZATION>, Vienna, Austria) and the igraph software package (11) to perform the analysis and Gephi Version 0.8.2 (gephi.github.io) to construct the network diagrams.	3
The results from multiple regressions also revealed that degree centrality values of both all authors and first authors before the target papers made the largest contributions in predicting the future citation counts of the conference papers.	5
More details of the model can be found in our Matlab code provided upon reasonable request.	0
We also find that art departments located in universities exhibit a greater tendency for changing publication practices than departments located in independent art schools.	4
We present this regularization as a two-dimensional matrix.	3
First, Google Scholar public profiles were searched for the top-100 most cited scholars who self-identified gerontology as an area of interest, which added 15 scholars.	3
Predictive models might have the potential to support the review process when decisions are made under great uncertainty.	5
The study identifies meso- and macro-level inefficiencies as the primary root causes of this phenomenon in the developing countries of Iran and India.	4
Editorial articles were retracted for six different categories of reasons, with plagiarism, duplicate publication, and fake data accounting for more than half of the retractions.	4
Received: 25 September 2021 / Accepted: 3 January 2022 / Published online: 21 February 2022	0
I have argued that it is legitimate to challenge its totalising nature which perpetuates the dividing and unjust tendencies of neoliberalism.	5
d) Is there a significant difference in the distribution of disciplines between individual iSchools?	1
The two sets of Spearman correlations are not directly comparable because of the large difference in granularity between NLCS and quality scores, which affects the magnitude of a correlation for a similar underlying relationship strength (Thelwall, 2016).	0
The proposed procedure underlines the necessity of setting up an efficient system, in order to assess the impact of the different criteria.	5
The similarities between raw and weighted showed consistency especially for the top 10 U.S. institutions who utilize productivity data should clarify which method is to be emphasized.	5
Which Sleeping Beauties were published in the Journal CHB?	1
3 Tree map of the frequently used keywords by the author	0
We use annual Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per capita, Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (current international $) and region of countries from the World Bank2 in the analyses.	2
Data about higher education articles from post-Soviet countries were retrieved from the Scopus database in December 2016.	2
This study aims to discern emerging trends and provide a longitudinal perspective on merchandising research by identifying relationships between merchandising-related subdomains/themes.	1
Based on this study, the MP was found to cover only 700 nodes of the network, resulting in a coverage ratio of 40.39% (= 700/1,733).	4
Our analysis suggests that universal mandatory data disclosure has ambiguous welfare properties.	5
I present evidence that these changes could lead to a more deterministic research-agenda evolution in scientific fields by demonstrating that citation concentration and the restricted mobility of papers work hand in hand.	5
Nu?ez as both the first and the corresponding author, who published the article entitled "Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on an emergency traumatology service: Experience at a tertiary trauma centre in Spain" [24] was the best contributing paper in terms of IF in the Injury with a CN of 149.	4
The numbers in the "Communities" row indicate how many communities are found in a given layer.	0
The method combines the frequency of a term in a document (TF) with the ratio of that term in the whole corpus (IDF), weighting the importance of a term appearance with the number of all occurrences, giving birth to a new class of technological applications in media, language processing etc.	3
Particularly of concern is the fact that NCL, which was once the jewel in the crown of CSIR, is now in decline both on quantitative and qualitative terms when benchmarked against the world norm.	5
Participation in synthesis-center research fosters lasting increases in collaborative behavior among the participants who pass through them (Hampton and Parker 2011, Lynch et al.	4
In March 2021, we conducted searches of the COPE website using the terms “fake reviews," "compromised reviews," and "12-12"2 and analyzed all materials produced, including Forum cases, video footage, and guidelines.	3
To identify these more general switching costs of science, I must control for competitive expectations.	3
The aim of this study was to evaluate how three different types of journals, namely open access (OA) journals, subscription-based journals, and presumed predatory journals, responded to receiving a previously published manuscript for review.	1
This study presents a general bibliometric overview of the developmental status of Journal of Nursing Management from its first issue (1993) to 2018.	1
But this specific charge has been made in the absence of data about the actual reviewing loads of political scientists.	1
Journal lists - strategic signaling and pattern formation (inspired by Ghobadi and Robey, 2017).	0
And were COVID-related articles affected more strongly by these changes than non-COVID-related articles?	1
The search strategy returned 8617 papers and only 1104 of them (12.81%) met the inclusion criteria.	4
Richards tended to have more persistent or long-lasting collaborative relationships with those scientists with whom he published the most.	4
A citation index was constructed, containing reference data from 210 master theses, allowing for in-depth bibliometric analysis.	2
In this study, we applied SVA to measure the potential scholarly impact of researchers in the IS field.	3
The good news for the advocates of open access is that nearly 60% of journals in the Czech Republic are published open access.	5
That estimate is negative; it is -0.836, meaning that technological change in the production of invention disclosures decreased at 83.6 per cent per year on average over the first 16 years of the new millennium.	4
This way, however, authors need to request copyright permission from the Web page creator to use printed copies.	0
Computations include only those who have attained the rank of full professor.	0
The three indicator variables are: i) research grant income; ii) peer-reviewed publications; and iii) PhD students supervised.	3
Because of the timing of when we conducted the study, all dissertations used had a submission year of 2013.	2
The accuracy of this predictor was tested using hundreds of thousands of community-level forecasts and was found to exceed the performance benchmarks established in Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity's (IARPA) Foresight Using Scientific Exposition (FUSE) program in six of nine major fields in science.	4
In a self-administered online survey, the respondents were presented with 3 questions on researcher evaluation in Brazil.	3
Almost a third worked longer hours (29%) than agreed and additional hours were commonly provided after the research period.	4
In absolute terms, the top five producers in journals covered by this database were Germany, with 134 publications, the USA with 103, Australia with 99, the UK with 93 and Sweden with 58 publications.	4
We used data from the UK Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) and the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council (BBSRC).	2
Conscientiousness matters for productivity, but its effects vary dramatically based on the nature of the institutional and collaborative context.	5
This platform was chosen because it was the largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature and delivered a comprehensive overview of the world's re- search output [17].	0
Here, we turn our attention to their publication practices, asking the following questions: (1) How productive and highly cited are these researchers?	1
Is it feasible to evaluate the impact of journals by introducing altmetrics indicators and combining traditional citation indicators?	1
We performed cluster analysis and generated social network maps (consist of nodes and links) for countries, institutions and keywords by VOSviewer (16, 17).	3
Only documents of type Article were extracted from Scopus to focus on the core type of research output and to exclude documents that attracted a particularly high or low citation count compared to standard articles (e.g., reviews, editorials).	2
The results of the forecasting analyses are presented in this section according to the number of publications, number of citations, number of references and number of authors per title.	0
* Corresponding author at: und University, Department of Business Administration, Box 7080, 222 07 Lund, Sweden.	0
The highest figure in terms of Ireland's 'concentration index' as defined by the ERC is in subpanel PE08, 'Products and Process Engineering'.	4
At the macro-area level, a drop of –13.8% was recorded for Europe, –12.0% for the US and -10.0% for the Far East.	4
§105 provides that ‘Copyright protection under this title is not available for any work of the United States Government.’	0
Ms Link is now with the Journal of Immunology, Bethesda, Md.	0
A total of 402 publications met the inclusion criteria: 35 in 1986, 58 in 1996, 155 in 2006, and 154 in 2016.	2
We conducted a descriptive analysis to explore characteristics and accessibility of the retracted Covid-19 articles, by tabulating and summarising subsets of the extracted data recorded in the data extraction template (S3 and S4 Appendices).	3
This paper examines geographic variation in peer review outcomes (whether a manuscript is sent for review, review scores obtained, and final decisions by editors) for 3529 submissions over a 4.5 year period at the journal Functional Ecology.	1
This article examines productivity metrics for radiation therapy physicists (RTP) in the United States.	1
Several metrics are assessed: Overlap the influence of one field of learning on other learning categories.	3
What proportion of the paper tweets were not limited to linking?	1
A case study on information science demonstrates the reliability of the proposed methodology, followed by subsequent empirical and expert validations.	3
Figure 1 Number of articles in top 50 by decade of publication.	0
8 We are grateful to a referee for suggesting that we emphasize this point.	0
Our author contribution data cover a substantial body of all available contribution statements from the time they were required by four journals, including 13 y of PNAS (18,354 during 2003-2015), 15 y of Nature (9,364 during 2006-2020), 3 y of Science (1,176 during 2018–2020), and 9 y of PLOS ONE (60,681 during 2006-2014).	2
Other languages (Spanish and French) also appeared in the references, but in very low numbers.	0
The present data reveal a promising rise and a good start for research productivity in the tobacco field in the Arab world.	5
Data were obtained from Wikipedia (http:// en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_Nobel_laureates_per_capita, Accessed 14 Oct.	2
In this paper, we show that research funding targeted to a disease often results in publications relating to other diseases.	1
The authors obtained the bibliography portion of successfully funded NIH and NSF grant applications submitted by researchers at the KU-Lawrence campus between 2005 and May of 2013 from the Office of Research at KU after permission was granted by the applicants via email.	2
Apart from reporting the coverage of WoS in German political science, this study investigates the differences between source items and non-source items in terms of their publication characteristics, citation characteristics, and the results of individual evaluations, to see whether the inclusion of non-source items really makes a difference compared to evaluation results based only on WoS source items.	1
A total of 1787 articles were collected and further analyzed from the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), Web of Science (WOS), and Google databases over 12 years, establishing a knowledge framework for research in seafood cold chain logistics.	2
The results revealed different levels and intensities of productive interactions; on the one hand, three projects involved all actors; eight involved researchers outside the institution; and 25 involved community members.	4
The scaling factor for the relationship between CBP and domestic collaborative papers is 1.08 ± 0.09 while the exponent for the relationship between CBP and international collaborative papers is 1.22 ± 0.08.	4
The study reflects the emerging role of social media in research dissemination.	5
To illustrate how citational lensing can be applied, we use roughly 20 million academic papers in nearly 150 fields and subfields from 1980 to 2012 in the Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG), one of the most extensive metadata repositories of academic publications.	2
The six FPs were cited 62 times at the time of the download (9 September 2020) and together contain 295 cited references Fig.	2
In connection therewith, how academics perceive their autonomy.	1
Among those conducting research, the median duration of research prior to medical school was 7.5 months (IQR: 4.1–16.0).	4
As Table 4 (classified by whether all authors are in mainland China) and Table 5 (classified by whether first or corresponding author is in mainland China) show, neither the Altmetric Attention Score nor the number of tweeters have the same distributional function across the two samples (Kolmogorov-Smirnov Z = 4.327/4.297/4.922/4.826, p = 0.000); we can conclude that the two groups were sampled from populations with different distributions.	4
Secondly, we have seen rapid increases in the expenditure on APC among all the countries.	5
1 Alfa Institute of Biomedical Sciences, 9 Neapoleos Street, 151 23 Marousi, Athens, Greece	0
Please keep this in mind when using the ADS Citation lists.	0
The findings point to the necessity of implementing courses that address ethics morality, and literacy, which clearly have the potential to minimize dishonest behaviors such as plagiarism.	5
Apparently, g-index will always be larger than h-index for the same researcher.	4
Internal and external citations are coded respectively as within-field versus between-field citations.	3
Only original research articles (including clinical trials) and review articles were included in this study.	2
The proposed measure has an aggregative property that makes it scalable from a paper individually to a set of them (journal) without more than adding the numerators and denominators in the proportions that define this new indicator.	5
The two analyses refer to different levels of aggregation and provide different types of information.	0
The external-internal (E-I) index is used to measure the dominance of external relations over internal relations, and analyze the relationships between and within subgroups in network structure analysis.	3
The total corpus of articles published on WPS in SCOPUS database in the period 1918–2013 is 321, including 7 articles with missing year of publication, showing that WPS has been less prolific than other areas of gender studies (e.g.	4
Thus we can use either the raw a values or the proportional values, given the restriction to t or t', when evaluating μ-values.	0
We analyzed the top hundred cited articles in TAK on Web of Science and Scopus for time of publication, article type, country of origin, source journal, and authors.	1
The SGD classifier was able to achieve an accuracy greater than 90 % in each data set and the NB classifier was able to achieve an accuracy greater than 80 %.	4
We repeated this process for a comparable set of 20 evolutionary biology journals (The American Naturalist, Biological Journal of the Linnean Society, BMC Evolutionary Biology, Development Genes and Evolution, Evolutionary Applications, Evolutionary Bioinformatics, Evolutionary Biology, Evolutionary Ecology, Evolutionary Ecology Research, Evolution, Genome Biology and Evolution, Heredity, Insect Systematics & Evolution, Journal of Evolutionary Biology, Journal of Human Evolution, Journal of Molecular Evolution, Molecular Biology and Evolution, Molecular Ecology, Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution, Plant Systematics and Evolution).	2
Three research questions were solved: Question 1: What are the distribution of different disciplines and the trend characteristics in the scientific collaboration of PHE?	1
In summary, while all components of hydrogen supply chain research are now growing, the topic areas of biohydrogen, photocatalysis, and water-splitting (all three related to the use of renewable energies) seem to be growing the fastest and more innovative technological solutions should be expected from these areas in near future.	5
How does the knowledge network structure of the IS field differ from those of other well-established scientific disciplines, such as psychology, consumer behavior research, and biology?	1
For the age variable (“age_gr"), only the 40-to-50 age group had a statistically significant coefficient.	4
However, due to various formatting discrepancies with the cited references, the final number of cited references used in our analysis was 605,221.	2
This result partially confirms the conclusions of Bloch et al. (2019) who, observing the Danish scientific production, find little difference in citation impact for public-only and public-private collaborations.	5
While the literature productivity of the USA is the highest before 2011, China has shown an incremental increase and exceeds the USA in 2011, becoming a new major scientific contributor to the solar energy field.	5
The most commonly used keywords were breast cancer, quality of life and women.	4
To address the issue of authors with identical names affiliated with different research institutes, we utilized the BC method.	3
Multiple linear regression analyses were performed using Jeffery's Amazing Statistics Program (JASP).	3
The factor-analytic results showed that six different forms of fraud loaded on the same higher-order latent construct, indicating that they represent a common factor research fraud.	5
For structural signal, the degree and centrality indicators of nodes are calculated, including the number of degrees, degree centrality, closeness centrality, betweenness centrality, and eigenvector centrality.	3
We analyze leading journals in behavioral finance to identify the most-used keywords in the area and how they have evolved.	1
We fitted a binary logistic regression model to explore factors predicting ease of literature access.	3
University of York, York, NYK, UK, University of York, York, UK, 3The University of Manchester, Manchester, UK	0
At the global level, the share of world output reflects a steady increase in NST publications: a 30% annual growth rate over the 9 years analysed (Figure 1-right).	4
4A shows that the U.S. has been consistently the largest producer of cited science, accounting for almost half (49%) of the MNPRs cited by patents in 2012.	4
mIF of radiological journals increased from 1.42 (2003) to 1.75 (2014) (all biomedical journals: 0.93 to 1.46, respectively).	4
A total of 256 Mexican items published in Web of Science from 2003 to 2012 including the search words "breast cancer", "mammary ductal carcinoma” and “breast tumour", was counted (Figure.	4
The classification of names took place in several rounds because initially the software was not able to cope with the somewhat varied formats in which family and given names appeared, and in particular with given names appearing after an initial.	3
It shows that the hottest five research topics are "scheduling" (220 times), “linear matrix inequality” (201 times), “genetic algorithm" (188 times), “optimization” (160 times) and “supply chain management" (155 times).	4
To empirically elaborate on these questions and uncover the historical development, themes, and trends in Balkan – Southeast European scientific research, we employ both bibliographic and content analyses in a database of publications collected primarily from the Web of Science (WoS).	3
5 An example of incorrectly deposited Crossref metadata: two authors and their affiliation data are described as four separate authors	0
We argue that we should understand the measured construct as a mix of productivity, impact, and reputation (or other aspects targeted by the indicators) when productivity is part of the indicator set, rely on more or different indicators compared to the current study when the goal is to assess researchers’ performance capacity more independently of productivity (i.e., to minimize the risk inherent in overemphasizing productivity, which is that researchers start churning out stuff just to have a high number of publications; cf.	5
Of the 130,397 authors, the proportion of men is 2.45 times higher than that of women, indicating that the number of male scholars in the field of economics is far higher than that of female scholars.	4
Doing so, we collect 89,575 author contribution disclosures published between 2003 and 2020 from the websites of Nature, Science, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America and PLOS ONE, and map them to the name-disambiguated scientists in our data.	2
In other words, for a set of articles the means were fixed at the following values: 0:1x; 1*:2x; 2*:4x; 3*:8x; 4*:16x, where x was adjusted to give a pre-selected expected value (mean) of the whole distribution.	0
This research letter discusses whether Arab Spring explains the changes in research productivity and impact of Arab countries by identifying non-sociopolitical factors that can be behind the variations of the research performance of several Arab nations such as Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, Lebanon and Algeria.	1
The four quantitative rankings include ISI Impact Factor, ISI Five-Year Impact Factor, the Eigenfactor (all from the Web of Science?), and the Scopus rank.	3
Thematic analysis of the publications analysing the frequency of the keywords and the co-keywords network were also studied.	3
Similarity of citation patterns in this main nano group indicates that nanosciences indeed show some characteristics of a discipline on its own which is characterized by the nanoparticle and also a specific scientific apparatus.	5
As expected, international collaborations accounted for a smaller percentage of publications than is generally seen in ‘normal’ times, where internationally co-authored articles often account for more than one-quarter of articles.	5
Following Hou et al. (2018), we collected 9540 papers in nine core IS journals published between 2009 and 2018 from Web of Science (WoS) as our analysis corpus.	2
By launching the faculty publishing initiative, the authors successfully established the library as an authority on bibliometrics and altmetrics.	5
Keywords Research collaboration · SAARC · Scientific collaboration · Scientometrics · South Asia	0
The study sought to answer the question: What is the role of the academic librarian in promoting the institutional repository?	1
Fifty topics in arXiv and WoS were generated using an LDA algorithm and then regression models were used to explain 4 types of topic growth patterns.	3
In this study, two indicators (PMMR and TMMR) were designed to measure the abundance of MMRs: PMMR for proportion, which measures the proportion of MMRs in a citing paper, and TMMR for average mentioned times, which calculates how many times references in a citing paper are mentioned on average.	3
Nevertheless, the consequences of this situation are tempered by the non-hierarchical structure of relations between communication scientists.	5
We argue here that knowledge has become a profitable commodity and, as a consequence, excessive academic quantification, individual output assessment problems and abusive editorial market strategies have reached unsustainable levels.	1
We see that Medical Informatics has the largest average number of keywords per article during all these four different time periods, while ILS has the smallest average during all these four different time periods.	4
The aim of our study was to investigate the possible correlations between different scientometric variables and the results achieved by a university in each ranking and to find the common scientometric and discipline characteristics of universities that have achieved outstanding results in one ranking compared to other rankings.	1
The combined innovation and knowledge spaces had more than 90 percent of the mentions in each country.	4
These findings, in contrast to the theories that consider that being a digital native implies being competent in a technological environment, confirm that these associations have no empirical support.	5
Therefore, the objective of this study was to translate the English version of PPQ-r into Chinese and calculate its psychometric properties in a Chinese nurse sample from a university hospital in mainland China.	1
Ukrainian journals are the reflection of Ukrainian higher education and science in general which need radical reforms including the eradication of the Soviet heritage which refers to two-level systems of doctoral degrees and academic titles and the division between teaching-oriented higher education institutions and research institutes of academies of sciences.	5
The average number of cited references per article in the full sample was 29, with the share of cited authored books of 21.4% and edited books of 7.2%.	4
In our study, seven prerequisites for research collaboration were extracted from the existing literature, and 460 student researchers were surveyed for their perceptions of the prerequisites' importance.	1
The time-dependent Nobel number, Np(t), for physics of a given researcher is defined as the average, for the year t, of the minimal coauthorship path lengths from that researcher to that year's Nobel laureates in Physics.	3
This finding directly points to a glass ceiling in which paper production at the field level is disconnected from top performance: while the field production is led by female first authors (Demeter & Toth, 2020), the ranks of the most prolific scholars are still dominated by males.	5
Our study was a retrospective bibliometric analysis not involving human subjects; it was exempt from Institutional Review Board approval.	0
Quantitative data analysis was undertaken using Excel and SPSS and produced primarily descriptive statistics, although the Mann Whitney U test was used to test the significance of differences between groups for some questions.	3
Here I have shown that whilst the question addressed by the authors is an important one, their proposed solutions are problematic.	5
The USA was the first country in terms of documents produced (260,030), followed by Germany (69,841), Japan (65,200), the UK (60,914), and Italy (50,017).	4
Within each selected journal, a COVID-19 paper (where there was one) and another non-COVID-19 paper were selected.	2
ASES fellowship faculty are exceptionally productive and produce highly impactful research, as evidenced by the high median RCR value relative to the benchmark NIH RCR value of 1.0.	5
Spearman's correlation analyses were conducted between manuscript reads, citations, and Altmetric score.	3
Baseline category = 4-rated journal paper with 25 citations preferred to a 4* journal paper with 25 citations (n = 1,154).	0
To examine the publication patterns of neurology articles in general medicine journals during a 10-year period using a bibliometric approach.	1
In the first phase, we searched for papers that matched the intersection of three keywords: “data*” AND “social media*” AND “digital marketing*”.	2
Google Scholar was consulted to collect data on citations.	2
Furthermore, 10 of 11 disciplines within the Computing Technologies field met the benchmarks.	4
Funding: The author has not received any financial support for conducting this research.	0
In fact, 85% of Chinese researchers said they were heavily or somewhat influenced by institutional/department/government research policy directives or mandates.	4
We excluded the studies published in other (13 languages) than the English language (as shown in the search string), resulting in 788 studies.	2
We used the Karolinska Institutet (KI) in-house version of the Web of Science (WoS) for the analyses, containing data from the Science Citation Index Expanded, Social Sciences Citation Index and Arts & Humanities Citation Index.	2
This study contributes to the expansion of the idea of secondary social media metrics (Díaz-Faes et al., 2019) by presenting a large-scale and cross-disciplinary analysis of four types of user engagement (i.e., liking, retweeting, quoting, and replying) around scholarly tweets.	5
The main focus of this study involves utilizing the STIRPAT model as the primary analytical framework to investigate the significant factors influencing carbon emissions and to examine the relationship between technological innovation and carbon emissions.	3
Table 3 Relative visibility of Finnish research publications in OA journals between 2012 and 2014 by fields and platforms	0
For the development strategies of the remaining foresight issues, please refer Table 3.	0
How do these countries collaborate with other countries?	1
The identification and definition of dimensions and the project evaluation along these dimensions represent the core of this bottom-up framework.	5
Two themes emerged from the data: conditions that influence collaboration on different levels and characteristics that define a successful collaboration.	4
If the search query does not contain any known entities, a blank page is returned, as there is no information about this query.	0
Since the data did not demonstrate a Gaussian distribution and variance was unequal across subgroups, nonparametric Mood's equality-of-medians tests were performed in lieu of Mann-Whitney U-tests to compare sample medians rather than sample means.	3
This also suggests that this relationship is not a "mechanical" artifact caused by an increase in self-citations but, rather, an effect of the greater epistemic value associated with collaborative research (Wray, 2002).	5
To successfully implement such an ideal-typical publication process, long-term planning is needed.	5
Data were collected mainly from the university websites, databases (e.g., Web of Science and InCites), and media coverage, including world GDP reports issued by the Central Intelligence Agency, the Human Development Report released by the United Nations Development Program, and the 2011 Academic Ranking of World Universities released by the Institute of Higher Education of Shanghai Jiao Tong University.	2
We share our neurosurgery department's rapid (2 year) exponential increase in DSA through an IRI consisting of multiple interventions centred on resident and medical student mentorship.	5
Greece provides more undergraduate degrees to elite academics than the whole continents of South America or Africa.	5
We then estimated the maximum annual cost for making these articles OA by multiplying the value by $3,000, the high end of the APC estimate from West, Bergstrom & Bergstrom (2014).	3
Using a bibliometric method, it studied OA and NOA articles issued in Springer and Elsevier’s APC journals during 2007–2011.	2
A total of 356 graduates from all 50 AHNS-accredited HN fellowships were identified.	2
The authors wish to thank the suggestions provided by the anonymous reviewers that greatly improved the manuscript.	0
The gross domestic product (GDP) and GDP per capita were used as an economic power indicator of the country.	3
Although visual merchandising was the first type of merchandising to be used in-store, only recently has it become an emerging topic in the academic literature.	4
It can be seen, therefore, that across all exercises there has been a moderate correlation between an institution submitting more books and achievement of a better GPA.	4
Users utilize one of two clearly marked upload forms to submit full records downloaded in the “Plain Text” format from the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection for analysis.	2
Co-word analysis is a technique that uses pattern of co-occurrence of words and phrases in a corpus.	3
The bibliometric indicators are numerical data extracted from the documents that scientists publish, that allow understanding the different stages of the scientific activity (Sanz and Moreno, 1997), which presents advantages compared to other methods used in the evaluation of science, since it is an objective method susceptible to analysis (Bellavista et al.	3
Authors do not appear to be shopping around based on APC levels.	5
Twenty-four well-known plastic surgery, hand surgery and burns journals were selected for this study.	2
Main research question is, whether better access to information sources in science gets better quality research and publication of research results.	1
Further, the work that is sent out for peer review is accompanied by an explanatory note for potential reviewers introducing the project and highlighting that the work sent for review is produced by early-career authors.	3
However, the partnership is mostly restricted to neighborhoods, i.e.	5
1 also shows the ratio of China’s output to that of India for the same time period.	0
Results of histogram analysis showed Google Scholar (GS) cited less publication for low-cited papers than Scopus and Web of Science (WoS).	4
Schematic representation of the proposed method to calculate the fuzzy distance between two scientosemantic domains	0
In this study, we chose the Springer dataset as the testbed, which is one of the largest scientific technology publishers in the world.	2
Publications of each graduate were determined by searching author's name on the literature database Scopus (http:// www.scopus.com).	2
In total there were 2,206 distinct keywords, 2,111 after the application of the Porter2 stemming algorithm in the stemming 1.0 Python package (https://pypi.python.org/pypi/stemming/1.0).	3
After publication, papers with female authors were cited less often than those with male authors, though the differences are very small (~2%).	4
Data that we scraped from CitEc for all economists registered with RePEc based at the 400 universities ranked by the QS World University Ranking for 2017.	2
Conclusions: The necessity of bibliometric markers cannot be called into question however the most widely employed of these, the journal impact factor has come under increased scrutiny of late.	5
Publishing in neurosurgery should be a positive learning experience, and cost should not be a limiting factor.	5
Study 3 participants were recruited from Amazon.com's Mechanical Turk.	2
Since Microsoft Academic is free, allows automatic data collection, and has coverage that tends to be higher than Scopus (and therefore WoS), especially for recent articles, and reflects the same type of scholarly impact, it is recommended for scientometric purposes where analysts do not have access to Scopus and document type information is not needed.	5
According to the distribution analysis, Twitter is found to be more representative and valid as a source of altmetrics than Facebook.	5
In the current study, SciVerse Scopus was used to retrieve the required literature.	2
Although it is more difficult to get published in journals, the effort is ultimately rewarded with a higher impact.	0
Analyses of both serial citation data and the ranking data of aquatic science serials from six global serial citation metrics provided relevance- and metric-based perspectives of the adequacy of the CofC Libraries' marine biology serial collection.	3
More specifically, we analysed whether COVID-related articles in psychology journals (that adopted fast-track policies in 2020/2021) differed from non-COVID articles with regard to (i) their design (e.g.	1
The “Veterinary Parasitology” journal was the most cited journal in both countries.	4
This paper has identified gaps in lay and academic literatures associated with depression, suggested mechanisms that might drive these gaps and proposed potential solutions.	5
In our study, we therefore operationalize the concept using two citation windows of respectively two and five years.	3
Collected data are presented cumulatively for the period 1996-2016 and separately for five-year intervals for the first 20 years.	3
This would have been too short a period of time to analyse citations.	0
This article presents a potential solution: an empirical approach to quantitatively measure both the degree and nature of differences among disciplinary tongues through the social and epistemic terms used (a research area we refer to as discourse epistemetrics), in a case study comparing dissertations in philosophy, psychology, and physics.	1
Thus, gender authorship trends appear to be similar for ABME?	5
The questions in the survey were informed by a survey instrument used in a recent previous study focusing on OA-related institution-level responses (Boufarss & Laakso, 2020).	3
In addition, the Relative Author Superiority index could be complementary to other previous indicators such as H-index, G-index or citation counts as it overcomes the limitations of the age of publications, length of the author's career, and the self-citation problem that are present in other indicators.	5
The authors would like to acknowledge financial support from the China Scholarship Council (Grant No.	0
As such, the h-index and other bibliometric measures can be used as a guide for assessing research productivity, coupled with qualitative assessments such as expert opinion.	5
The aim of this study is to analyse the disciplinary coverage of Thomson Reuters' Book Citation Index database focusing on publisher presence, impact and specialisation.	1
CiteSpace [70, 71] was used to conduct co-occurrence analysis on topic terms from citing patent titles, which reflect the nature, characteristics and novelty of patent technology precisely after being indexed by DII [72].	3
The results provide helpful references for studies on the aging effect in academia.	5
Our results indicate that the solution sr of Boyack (2017) attains the overall best scores, albeit not uniformly so.	5
The entire research process was supervised and guided by one professor.	0
More specifically, the purpose is to assess whether different factors unrelated to scientific relevance and quality influence citation counts in transportation research.	1
93,934 publications stored in Li's dataset were downloaded to match with the DOIs in WoS publication metadata, where we can obtain the acknowledgement information by batch.	2
Authors from the United States published the majority (67%) of the top-cited articles.	4
There are several approaches to ranking, but the most widely used methodology is the weight and add approach that performs the ranking on an ordinal scale based on an aggregated overall score (WES 2006).	3
Our findings indicate that the role of researches as R&D-based innovation drivers was limited, as evidenced by participant's assessments and the hosts' views.	4
In the current study, the awareness of researchers in Jordan about predatory journals and the strategies utilized to avoid them was investigated.	1
Table 1 Publication counts of China's 31 regions in CNKI (2015)	0
Usually there is only a minor indexing delay and most articles have identical publication and indexing years.	0
Per O Seglen is at the Institute for Studies in Research and Higher Education, Munthes gt.	0
In this study, I collated recent turnaround times and impact factors for 82 journals that publish papers in the field of fisheries sciences.	1
In this paper, we utilized a sample of articles within the Artificial Intelligence category, sourced from the Web of Science, as detailed in Fan et al. (2020).	2
The purpose of this article is to share the recent experiences of several members of the AGU Space Physics and Aeronomy (SPA) Fellows committee.	1
First, the analysis of PICMET papers confirms the results of previous studies that used the analysis of individual journals to describe the changes in the MET field: the core focus of MET has changed from R&D to strategic management and further toward innovation management [3], [7], [20]–[23].	5
Discrepancies were found between licences stated in SciELO compared with the ones used in their websites, mainly due to the lack of declared licences in either of the two sources or because the licences did not match.	4
This paper is dedicated to Professor Yurij Holovatch on the occasion of his 60th birthday and in recognition of his many important contributions to statistical physics, including sociophysics and related areas.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content”) contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Of course, a perfect linear hierarchy may not exist in a society, and some violations to a perfect linear hierarchy may exist, a topic we discuss in section 4.	0
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
To deter such manipulation, legal journals should mandate that authors disclose the frequency with which they have cited their own works and that of their colleagues, and should move to a system of limited, blind submissions.	5
Statistical Cybermetrics Research Group, School of Mathematics and Computer Science, University of Wolverhampton, Wulfruna Street, Wolverhampton WV1 1LY, UK	0
We analyze the relationship between the author byline and contribution lists using four indexes.	1
The raw bibliometric data has been downloaded from the Web of Science Core Collection.	2
Received: 11 February 2022 / Accepted: 25 February 2023 / Published online: 20 March 2023	0
In this regard, the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS) was chosen in our study.	2
First, to identify a number of different value measures which address different dimensions; then to apply these only occasionally as the more valuable ones may be more difficult and expensive, and at a long enough interval to make gaming not worthwhile; and finally to apply these with insight rather than by formula.	5
During this period, altogether 845 research grants from all fields of science have been funded.	2
The purpose of this study is to investigate how scholars use academic social networking services (ASNSs).	1
Starting with 2017, and working back to 2008, we selected the first peer-reviewed article in the first issue of each journal each year.	2
We conducted a meta-analysis to build a quantitative understanding of the effect of similar non-scientific features on the impact of scientific articles in terms of citations.	1
Competing Interests: The authors declare that they have no competing interests.	0
The aim of this study was to use bibliometric analysis to answer the following questions: 1) which countries contribute the most to the ophthalmic literature and how has the output and scholarly impact of each country evolved over the 5-year period between 2009 and 2013?	1
A “one size fits all” model for preprints would never work across the entire scientific community.	5
The results also indicate that combining citation-based approaches with textual approaches enhances the performance of seed-based information retrieval.	5
The other database is derived from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED) database through the ISI Web of Science (Bordons et al., 2003).	2
HL: Collected the data, Contributed data or analysis tools, Performed the analysis, Wrote the manuscript.	0
It suggests that an increase in open access journal publishing has overtaken the growth of researcher population worldwide.	4
To quantify interdisciplinary understanding, we measured the difference between self-evaluation and the interdisciplinary group evaluation of a project.	3
This study applies the mixed approach of Social Network Analysis techniques and Triple Helix indicators on scholarly papers obtained from the Web of Science database.	3
Authors from Balkan countries contributed in 80.7% of all articles.	4
7, primarily citing other journals within its own block (green) and the blue block.	4
The present research found that funded clinical research papers (public institution-funded and industry-funded) were high citation impact studies.	5
Microsoft (MS) Word is used for calculation of readability scores.	3
Beam plots (Doane & Tracy, 2000) have been used for illustration.	3
Structural validity was assessed by factor analysis and item response theory (IRT) using the generalized partial credit model.	3
KEY WORDS: genomics, DNA sequencing, genome sequencing, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Homo sapiens, Sus scrofa, mixed methods, co-authorship networks, social network analysis	0
The research reported here examines the implementation of IRs at regional public universities (RPUs) in the United States and its territories.	1
Broadly speaking, the participating scientists were representative of the total population of scientists employed at Danish universities, with respect to their distribution across academic disciplines, genders, and academic positions.	2
2 is that there are usually some connecting links between adjacent clusters.	4
Our results provide an evidentiary basis for developing Stony Brook librarian training and support services relating to faculty use of author identifiers and networking systems.	5
Accordingly, we chose WoS Core Collection (WoS CC) and Scopus as data sources.	2
The 2010 directory was used in order to obtain information regarding both current residents and recent graduates from US radiation oncology training institutions.	2
WoS Core Collection database was employed for records extraction.	2
In conclusion, the CDSR had a low prevalence of group authorships of 0.5%.	5
Male plastic surgeons had higher h-indices (9.57) than did female plastic surgeons (6.07), although this was insignificant when taking other variables into account.	4
Descriptive statistics for the consolidated data for the three broad topic areas were analyzed to determine whether parametric or nonparametric statistics would be appropriate for the analysis of differences (Table 2).	0
Data on the number of publications and the number of journals existing in the region was collected from SCImago Journal & Country Rank.	2
We did a sample run of the proposed workflow to identify prominent authors using centrality analysis.	4
To achieve this, the study utilized journals indexed in the Journal Citation Reports and considered papers from eight distinct disciplines as the research subjects.	2
As such, the concept of Flow Ratio (FR) of a given article is proposed to measure observed diffusion between subsequent citation generations.	3
The purpose of this study is to explore if elite scientists play a key role in the genesis of transformative research.	1
Another aspect of the breadth of internationality is the average number of countries per paper.	3
There is a certain degree of disconnect between them.	5
Acknowledgements The first author would like to thank his assistants in the New Media & Society laboratory at YeungNam University.	0
Four biomedical journals were chosen based on their SJR ranking and the number of recommendations: Cell, Nature Genetics, Nature Medicine, and PLoS Biology.	2
We imported the six-monthly tables of server logs into a database manager, discarding the city and coordinates fields, as they were unnecessary for our purposes.	3
Analysis of separate diversity measures reveals that balance consistently exhibits a negative correlation with FORs, and disparity consistently displays a negative U-shaped association with FORs.	4
It should be clearly stated that these trends represent a correlation between PRA strategies and relative publication output, not that prioritisation of research directly resulted in the improvement of research output by these schools.	5
This review included all U.S. cleft and craniofacial centers accredited by the American Cleft Palate-Craniofacial Association.	2
Our study showed that the relative acceptance rates for manuscripts with lower peer review performance scores were significantly higher than for manuscripts with higher peer review performance scores in the Original Research and Pictorial Essay categories (except for score 3 for Pictorial Essay manuscripts).	4
Our results suggest that lower-quality review performance is associated with a lower threshold level of acceptance, potentially resulting in publication of lower-quality manuscripts.	5
This is slightly lower than the general responses to the survey in which 70% of respondents report working in academic settings.	0
Focusing on RQ1, we found a general overall pattern whereby people who were part of teams tended to (a) earn higher salaries, (b) work more hours, and (c) show nonconsistent difference in overall job satisfaction compared with those who were not part of teams.	4
Random sampling was used, and the unit of analysis was the IRs listed in the Open Directory of Open Access Repositories (OpenDOAR1).	2
Finally, Collaboration Network Analysis, which examines the relationship networks in the journal, was applied.	3
Four types of researchers are identified in terms of temporal dynamics of their potential scholarly impact-1) Increasing, 2) Decreasing, 3) Sustained, and 4) Transient.	4
Temporal trends in source normalized impact per paper (SNIP) values for the three top-ranking nursing journals were analyzed and compared to explore whether predicting future SNIP values based on trend analysis could be an innovative service provided by librarians.	1
Over time, the focus in the DPHJs has increased towards health behaviour/promotion/education, quality of life and socioeconomic factors.	4
Furthermore, our Principal Investigator-level analysis shows that those who received direct support from the CTSA program had already generated more translational science than others and that their research behavior did not change significantly after receiving a CTSA.	4
How can policy document mentions to scholarly papers be interpreted?	1
The findings suggest that manuscripts that are revisions of OAETs are always welcome for submission or considered on a case-by-case basis by 47.8% of university presses, with a further 48.5% expressing a willingness to publish on the basis of substantial content revision.	4
Acknowledgements We are grateful to the anonymous referee for thoughtful and useful comments.	0
The study presents a new approach for constructing an epistemological coordinate system that locates individual researchers within the disciplinary landscape of science.	1
With regard to the differences between STEM and SSH, the study identified a high degree of cohesion and uniformity in the importance of indicators.	4
Received June 13, 2008; revised July 8, 2008; accepted July 9, 2008	0
Fourth, the scientific collaboration triads are mostly consisted with beginning scholars.	4
The Mexican bioinformatics articles were selected including those where at least one of the authors had an affiliation with a Mexican institution and were published between 1994 and 2018.	2
More specifically, the main objective is of a conceptual and methodological nature: namely to propose a novel methodology for measuring the dynamics of Europeanisation in research.	1
*There is no change in the hit rate after the third step.	0
This study provides comprehensive quantitative measurements by identifying delayed OA journals and collecting data concerning their publication volumes, embargo lengths, and citation rates.	1
If indeed “one picture is worth a thousand words,” further inflation of the literature by an overlong Results section in this paper should be unnecessary.	0
This paper focuses on two disciplines (astronomy and mathematics) in which green OA is well established.	1
In order to evaluate the precision and trustworthiness of the econometric model's coefficient estimates, three distinct panel data estimation approaches were applied, namely, ARDL-PMG, FGLS, and PCSE.	3
Of these, 7,392,306 were applied for by establishments.	2
To examine the relationship between environment GPA scores and quantitative factors and to test the hypotheses set in Section 2.1.2, we carry out a separate regression analysis for 36 UoA as follows.	3
We located papers written by all individuals, resulting in a dataset of 2447 peer-reviewed articles published in 511 journals between 2007 and 2013.	2
It was found that after feedback was provided, while the ratio of plagiarised posts went down 21.07% on average, 83% of the students had lower plagiarised post ratios.	4
The three top influential journals from each discipline were chosen for this study, including Journal of Marketing (JM), Journal of Marketing Research (JMR), Marketing Science (MS), Information Systems Research (ISR), MIS Quarterly (MISQ), and Journal of Management Information Systems (JMIS).	2
Harzing's Publish or Perish (http:// www.harzing.com/pop.htm) application was used to access Google Scholar for h-index, g-index, and contemporary h-index (hc).	3
Physician-scientists, including those interested in cardiac anesthesiology, are awarded a minority of R series grants.	5
Our study uncovered a disconcerting dependence of reported journal downloads on the identity of the journal's publisher.	5
The paper, author, and institution relationships are combined in this figure, but they can be disaggregated to show only the papers (Figure 2), authors (Figure 3), or institutions.	0
Published by: The University of Chicago Press on behalf of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific	0
To illustrate the behavior of this indicator, we develop the argument using the journal citation matrix among eight leading biochemistry journals published by Price (1981b, at p.	1
All bibliographic information and citation data for journal articles and conference papers in the four fields from 2011 was extracted from Scopus.	2
Within the time frame analyzed here, 392 articles were identified, which generated 14,334 cited sources cited 20,362 times.	2
This study illustrates scientists' referencing (mis)behavior by structuring the dissemination network of referencing errors.	1
All statistical analyses were prepared using IBM SPSS v.22.	3
The approach suggested by Hudson (2013) is used to convert the results into a ranking, where each journal is categorized according to the likelihood that it belongs to a certain category.	3
Under the PH strategy, the lab with the most published papers is awarded funding.	3
Findings of the study are presented in four main aspects in the implementation of IRs, i.e.	4
Further, the mixed-collaborated papers indicate about a role of countries outside the region in promoting collaboration between SAARC countries.	5
It is important to note two things at the outset, however:	0
The majority of universities in the country signed the Berlin Declaration on Open Access to Knowledge in the Sciences and Humanities, and the Budapest Open Access Initiative.	4
We analyzed the retraction notices and RW entries, searching for keywords such as “fabrication”, “falsification”, “plagiarism”, “image manipulation/duplication”, “self-plagiarism”, “misconduct”, “error/honest error”.	3
This report lists, as mentioned above, 3290 institutions that published at least 100 scientific documents during 2010, collected by the Scopus database.	2
The study concludes that the number of submissions made by academics was very low, UNN academics submitted more of their publications for archiving, followed by ABU.	5
We present the experimental results and analyze them in section 4.	0
In summary, our investigation revealed the fact that reference lists have continued to lengthen in the journal articles of many fields between 1980 and 2019.	5
We then build a probabilistic model to predict authors' contribution to publications, based on a set of bibliometric variables.	3
These databases—ProQuest Central, EBSCO Academic Search Complete, and Gale Academic OneFile—were chosen because they were represented as sources of high quality, scholarly full-text content available for multidisciplinary research in academic libraries.	2
The number of articles, number of original articles (vs.	3
This variable was found to be significant; the conclusion is that economists with PhDs from the USA and the UK are characterized by higher productivity compared to those from other countries.	5
Are Current Research Evaluation Metrics Causing a Tragedy of the Scientific Commons and the Extinction of University-Based Fisheries Programs?	1
3 The impact of attendee probability α on the conference closure in 2011.	0
Addressing the resulting lacuna, this article investigates the extent to which Australian universities replicate national PBRF indicators in their individual-level performance management frameworks for academic staff.	1
During the new frontiers phase (especially after 2005), the number of burst-words increased while their period of usage shortened.	4
The findings revealed a high rate of untweetedness for the retracted papers (91.54%) and retraction notes (90.72%).	4
Of adjudicated potential researcher/publication matches, 16% (1,003/6,412) were determined to not be a match, highlighting the need for a low-burden adjudication workflow.	4
We thank Ingo Scholtes, Frank Schweitzer and Yi-Cheng Zhang for suggestions which improved the manuscript.	0
The first and last 5000 journal articles and conference papers for each subject category were downloaded from Scopus in March 2015.	2
scientific progress | durable dominance | entrepreneurial futility | science policy | science of science	0
This comparative analysis of results from applying the Open Access Journal Quality Indicators and the Journal Evaluation Rubric to library science journals shows that evaluation tools contain variations that impact both the end-result decision on a journal’s quality or credibility as well as the experience of applying the tools.	5
We analyzed our interviews by following an abductive coding technique that took us back and forth between theories and empirics (Swedberg 2014).	3
The parameters studied include year-wise growth of papers and citations, continent-wise distribution of papers and citations, country-wise distribution of papers, publication efficiency index and activity index, institute-wise distribution of papers and highly preferred journals.	3
The success of click chemistry inspires us to rethink the value of chemistry.	5
Table 1 Citations each journal gave to other journals, including itself (rows), and the citations each journal received from the other journals (columns) (Anaesthesia (Anae.), Anesthesiology (Anesth.), Anesthesia and Analgesia (An./An.), British Journal of Anaesthesia (BJA), Canadian Journal of Anaesthesia (CJA) and European Journal of Anaesthesiology (EJA)).	0
In conclusion, through the work of ASPHO, there is a better understanding of the current PHO provider workforce, the job responsibilities of the individual PHO physician, and the setting in which their work takes place.	5
We used SPSS version 23.0 for Windows for statistical analysis.	3
Finally, the obstacle degree model is used to systematically identify and analyse the constraining factors and their degrees that affect the NQPKE.	3
The self cocitation Cii in C is not defined and is usually set to 0.	0
Our aim is to draw attention to the existence of different approaches for constructing bibliometric networks, to clarify the conceptual differences between these approaches, and to show that these approaches may yield very different results.	1
Our final data consist of 126,000 Japanese STEM Ph.Ds who graduated in 1976–2005, of whom about 26 % are considered as academic Ph.Ds.	2
Despite the fact that fellowships, assistantships, and low tuition have been characterizing doctoral programs for over fifty years, very little analysis has been undertaken of their long-term effects.	0
For more detail about the reference errors considered, see the supplemental material, section “1.3 Identification of reference accuracy inconsistencies”.	0
In sum, less established and recognized scientists differ in their views on funding by lottery.	4
For the analysis, 815 research papers were selected from the Web of Science database for the 1993–2015 period.	2
We obtain 8 relevant indicators of altmetrics: Number of mentioned outputs, Total mentions, News mentions, Blog mentions, Twitter mentions, Facebook mentions, Wikipedia mentions, Google+ mentions.	2
In the self citation adjusted fractionation measure, we assume that the papers are produced by authors proportionally to their self-citations in the paper.	3
The first two technologies consist in textual analysis of copies.	3
The result is that English proficiency is a de facto requirement to participate in nearly all scholarly discourse.	4
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
The present study sought to determine if faculty at a liberal arts university will view librarians as resource for journal selection, rankings and publishing related issues if librarians expand services to include bibliometric assistance.	1
In this study, we analyze the scientific collaborative patterns of authors and between countries and regions based on academic age at time scales.	5
Our results show that despite the centralization of research capacity in the richest regions of the country, the interaction between leading research groups, both nationally and within the most disadvantaged regions, have been strengthened during the period of analysis.	4
The National Institutes of Health (NIH) recently developed an article-level metric called the relative citation ratio (RCR).	3
This shows that most of the references were mentioned once, but the contribution mentioned by the citations did not reach 50%, and the references with a high proportion did not contribute the matching citation mentions.	4
In other words, two-thirds have a zero value of TFR.	5
Citations were most often to items retracted due to data falsification or manipulation (39.2%), followed by items retracted due to ethical misconduct including plagiarism (30.4%), or concerns about or errors in data or methods (26.2%).	4
In sum, how members of the US general public respond to items assessing their acceptance of human-caused global warming, like ones assessing their acceptance of human evolution, are more convincingly viewed as indicators of who they are, culturally speaking, than of what they know about science.	5
By applying green productivity models from the literature, such as the Solow green productivity model [113,114], we can argue that OFDI leads to a loss of factors within the green economy's productivity function due to the reduction in available capital.	5
To analyze the publication patterns in communication research, we selected the most prestigious periodicals from SSCI, namely, all the quarter 1-ranked communication journals.	2
The number of citations of the 100 top-cited studies ranged from 409 to 2313.	4
From eleven journals considered, in general, journals with more impact — cites per paper, h and g indices and so on — usually present many papers that mention physics, publish many papers per year, have high Qualis Journals index and have long lifetime.	5
The material my arguments are based on was collected and analyzed in two projects that aimed at understanding the diversity of ways of living and knowing in contemporary research and how they are changing.	2
So in order to publish this adaptation, authorization must be obtained both from the owner of the copyright in the original work and from the owner of copyright in the translation or adaptation.	0
What this research focuses on is; with the use of the open source project ‘Depsy', this research evaluated and analyzed data collected from downloads made online through these open source software.	1
To investigate the progress of the Journal of the Balkan Union of Oncology (JBUON) in the second decade of its existence.	1
Five of the 30 manuscripts (16.7%) that were ultimately accepted for publication contained significant duplication when submitted.	4
For this, it is necessary for planning to be flexible, able to be modified at any moment.	0
Therefore, the aim of this study is to conduct a bibliometric analysis of breast cancer studies in the field of nursing, to reveal trends and dynamics in the field and to provide information to guide future studies.	1
This study finds that by using only a limited set of terms previously found by corpus methods as indicative of disciplinary differences, a large-scale automated method can discern among the three target disciplines at a notably high rate of accuracy, and specifically based on criteria that mirrors the findings of studies of these same disciplines' differences in the fields of information science, applied linguistics, and the sociology of science.	5
To fill this gap, here we apply bibliometric tools to 150 years of onychophorology according to the scientific literature available in a large database.	1
Our study aims to advance our understanding of how a scientific text's thematic substance and argumentation style affect subsequent consumption and use in future knowledge production.	1
Our results show that the components of the provisional research collaboration effectiveness model have some considerable veracity, and also that they are insufficient.	5
Coauthored articles dominate in computer science, library science, and management.	5
We have presented three advanced citation-based methods aimed at detecting potential breakthrough research articles.	5
Acknowledgements We thank Assistant Professor Shelly Prani?, for her advice on improving the quality of language in the manuscript.	0
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
Table 1 presents a significant difference in productivity (average number of LIS article per author) during the study's 5-year period among the three groups of authors, as obtained using one-way ANOVA [F (2, 96)=64.96, p=0.000].	4
For example, it is hard to say that a scientist who published 20 medium-impact papers with 20 citations to each (h-index = 20) is better than someone having 10 high-impact papers with 200 citations to each (h-index = 10).	0
They rely heavily upon the theoretical or methodological frameworks involving corporate governance, dictionary, machine learning, and statistical modeling.	4
By calculating average researcher salaries in the European Union and the USA, and the time spent on reformatting articles, we estimated that~230 million USD were lost in 2021 alone due to reformatting articles.	4
The present study explored tendencies of the world's countries—at individual and scientific development levels—toward publishing in APC-funded open access journals.	1
The trend is quite evident from the fact that in the present era quite a number of periodicals have shifted their titles from traditional librarianship to emphasise information, viz.,	0
The novelty of the approach lies in the combined exploitation of query expansion and citation analysis that may bring the most relevant papers to the top of the search results list.	5
It can be concluded that when the researcher decides for higher alpha (a) values, the bibliographic portfolio tends to present more recent articles, with a fairly low number of citations.	4
Visitors were asked if they were willing to help the ACS Ethics Committee by answering one or more of the four questions posed on the poster:	3
(2018) as “elite” faculty by way of their affiliation with the most prestigious universities, namely University of California-Berkeley, University of Chicago, Columbia University, Harvard University, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Northwestern University, University of Pennsylvania, Stanford University, and Yale University.	2
The time series of the level of stock prices is displayed visually in Figure 2.	0
The order of the top ten authors with keyword 'celiac disease' varied substantially depending upon whether the h-index, c-index, or c'-index was used as a gauge.	4
Citations are considered by many to provide a measure of the impact of one's work.	0
Step 1 A text-mining procedure was carried out using XLSTAT software (XLSTAT, 2020) to extract features from abstracts, titles, author-made keywords, and MeSH terms found in T100SPINE (Chien, 2020b).	3
One of our primary goals in establishing an IR was to break down the barriers to access.	1
To measure scientific productivity, we retrieved the total number of papers published per year over a 5 year-period from Thomson Reuters Web of Science, starting one year after their appointment as chair, to capture publications more likely to have resulted from research conducted as chairholders.	2
We classified the collaboration pairs into three types based on the genders of the two collaborators: “Collaboration between male scholars” (MM), “Collaboration between female scholars” (FF), and “Collaboration between male and female scholars” (MF).	3
Therefore, it is highly scientific and applicable to evaluate the construction of Jiangsu high-level universities by using the fuzzy-ANP comprehensive evaluation model.	3
The domination of RAS stretches beyond quantity of publications: it also retains the best performing personnel, and co-authors the most cited publications in Russia.	4
I here exemplify the following famous discoveries from the twentieth century to analyze the problem:	2
The same abbreviations of the variables are adopted in Tables 1–5.	0
We applied hierarchical clustering using Ward's method as the cluster method and squared Euclidean distance as the distance measurement (Ward, 1963), in the manner shown in the appendix, in Figures A1 and A2 (Liu et al, 2011; Zong et al, 2013).	3
Of 25 journals, 20 (80%) allowed co-first authorship.	4
Mainland China has a higher WSP in natural science and technology subjects than in social sciences and humanities.	4
A total of forty-four universities entered the final list according to these calculations.	4
We have designed a function to calculate Emergence Potential (EP) with this in mind.	3
We present the characteristics of the articles we included (Table 1).	0
This article, as part of the 'Truncated Careers' project, could not have been written without the support and confidence of SEBAP (Sociedad Econòmica Barcelonesa d'Amics del País).	0
I then use the mean intra-cluster cosine similarity to compare the goodness-of-fit of clusters for bibliographic coupling and publication authorship in accounting, astronomy, and gastroenterology.	3
Word clouds were formed for all services (wordart.com), those external to the university, by large knowledge area and by region of the country using the most common words found in the description of services, removing verbs, pronouns and common adjectives.	3
Notes: Top: density map of TCS; bottom: TCS nodes size (MCS cluster color: red: 1st quartile, orange: 2nd quartile, yellow: 3rd quartile and gray: 4th quartile)	0
There were no significant differences in publication pressure reported between different research disciplines.	4
For example, authors with higher h-index often preferred to publish in competitive conferences which are also typically double-blind, whereas authors with higher paper counts often preferred the single-blind conferences.	4
Most of them were published in gold OA journals (55% of all UZSM papers or 85% of all UZSM OA papers).	4
Specifically, the study aims to identify quantitative differences among its variants, to provide a global perspective of the state, scope, and impact of published research.	1
However, as our Marxian-informed analysis of the determinations of the value of the commodity labour-power will elucidate, this novel duty involves the exertion of an additional quantity of work by academics, owing either to the relative complexation of the productive attributes requisite to use social media efficiently, or, particularly, to the accelerated pace at which scientists' working capacity becomes productively consumed, both in absolute (extension of working hours) and in relative (work intensification) terms.	3
Journal authorities in soft disciplines were found to be 2.48 times more likely to be identified as accountable entities in retraction notices than their counterparts in hard disciplines.	4
There are 4282 highly cited papers in the field of computer science in this study.	2
To address the question of what are the characteristics of the U.S. academic libraries that produced the most publications, the study team examined three aspects of the twenty libraries that produced the highest number of peer-reviewed articles over the ten-year study period: academic status, number of professional staff, and Carnegie Classification.	3
The problem with this statement is that one does not know the political orientation of those who cited the functionalists.	0
For time distribution analyses, we used paired t tests in RStudio version 1.1.453 to compare the time respondents declared spending on different research activities to the time they wished they would spend on each of these activities.	3
We calculated the average position (±standard deviation) in the ranking for scientific productivity by group (universities in Europe, universities in the United States, and private companies) for each year from 2015 to 2019.	3
A note was also made as to whether the author had included any self-citations or journal self-citations.	0
Received July 30, 1998; revised December 16, 1998; accepted December 16, 1998.	0
In other words, research portfolio management should be informed by contrasting framings and ontologies.	5
We have taken the 2000–2019 global burden of disease (GBD) estimates published by the WHO (Global Health Estimates 2020) and used DALYs as an indicator of disease burden.	2
A total of 34,042 publications were retrieved with 17 different publication types.	2
funding awardees published 8.140 (p < 0.01) more paper than those nonfunded equivalents in the control group.	4
Recently, a third method, impact factor analysis, was added to bibliometrics (Garfield, 2006; Retzer & Jurasinski, 2009).	3
In addition, a keywords analysis determined that climate change, sea ice and krill were the topics that generated the most interest and concern.	4
Third, we found that when scientific excellence and broader impact (together constituting proposals quality) were evaluated by the same academics in a comprehensive panel, people did not discuss the causality and attribution between the two components as much as they did in the impact-focused and mixed panels that included non-academics.	5
The two-way ANOVA showed significant effects of publication time (F (1, 528)=143.98, p<0.001, ηρ2=0.214), discipline (F (10, 528)=14.68, p<0.001, ηρ2=0.218), as well as the interaction between the two (F (10, 528)=8.87, p<0.001, ηρ2=0.144) on the AASs of the articles.	4
Received February 7, 2009; Accepted June 22, 2009; Published July 29, 2009	0
We looked at articles indexed and cited through the WoS database that were published in 2005.	2
Author perception of peer review: impact of review quality and acceptance on satisfaction.	0
In 60% of the cases all authors sign the retraction notice.	4
To be systematic, the seventh subject in each of the 26 broad Scopus categories was chosen.	2
Fifty-two journals of environmental and civil engineering (nine journals that are deleted in Fig.	0
Our generated lists should only be used as an indication of possible landmark publications.	5
In conclusion, most medical students achieve scientific publications after conducting pre-graduate research, although it often requires long working hours and leave from medical school, and remuneration is often inadequate.	5
Evidently, the level of epistemic community formation is closely tied to the level of specialization.	5
We also make a more general remark on the comparison of citation analysis and peer review.	0
This work was supported by grants 03.02.16.001 from Health and Family Planning Commision to Liang Gao.	0
This model is represented as: QUICKCITES = f(CENTER, NUMBER OF AUTHORS, PUBYEAR, FIELD), where QUICKCITES represents the share of articles with a citation in the year in which the article was published.	3
Augmenting GDP per capita and expanding the apportionment of resources to R & D may have a significant role in the advancement of dementia research in SEA.	5
The Scopus database was then queried in October 2013 by author name to determine the h-index and the number of publications of each of the plastic surgeons who met inclusion criteria.	3
For editor key words, in turn, two words were predominant: “model” with 3.62% and “coal” with 2.16%.	4
Papers published from 1981 to 2001 available from Web of Science (WoS) were used as paper data.	2
According to this analysis, an ideal-typical publishing process necessitates, among other things, (1) a strong, interdisciplinary coordinator, (2) a clear shared vision of integration and a common framework, (3) flexibility in terms of money and time, (4) a certain sense of timing regarding when and how to exchange results and knowledge, (5) subject editors who are familiar with the specific project and its interdisciplinary merits, and (6) reviewers who are open minded about interdisciplinary efforts.	4
Our respondents expressed concerns about a mismatch between formal criteria and actual practices in current evaluation processes.	5
Moreover, despite the lack of any noteworthy evidence of a gender difference in citation rates, men also appear to be publishing in journals with slightly higher impact scores than their female colleagues.	4
More precisely, the authors intend to shed some light on the critical points of project selection based on ex ante grant evaluation.	1
The first is that despite employing three different measurements to predict the influence of PBs, not one PB had the highest value in all three measures.	5
The set was processed with the VantagePoint software.	3
This account is instructive because it captures the essence of how the scientist, and others who discussed taste, understand its essential features.	0
Can intellectual processes in the sciences also be simulated?	1
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
We use citation data of scientific articles produced by individual nations in different scientific domains to determine the structure and efficiency of national research systems.	1
Our results suggest that two forms of HARKing, cherry-picking and question trolling, can lead to biases in estimates of the effects of the variables we study in management, applied psychology, and related fields.	5
Her area of research is the World Wide Web, including web data mining, evaluation of web search engines and webometrics.	0
By developing a dynamic estimation method for urban IUSS-ECE, this study provides the first comprehensive evaluation of its spatiotemporal evolution in the B&R region from 1992 to 2020.	5
2 demonstrate that both researchers were able to publish most of the papers in better than average journals with better than average impact later on.	4
Since then, China has increased its rate of publication, and became the third largest contributor by 2012.	5
Findings showed that faculty's perceptions of the library resource for their research had no relationships with faculty research productivity, whereas a positive correlation was found between the frequency of use of online journals and databases, and faculty research productivity.	4
We investigated the nature of retracted publications in the medical sciences from 2016 to 2020, including analysis of pre-and post-retraction citations and altmetrics indicators.	1
Although the example of Nature Communications did not support the argument that opening up review reports benefits science in terms of citations, we still support OPR, as a part of open science, because it addresses the crisis of peer review to a certain extent.	5
The study modelled Random Forest, LightGBM, Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machine, Neural Network, and TabNet to identify PEPs in the artificial intelligence field.	3
Because we know little about how such author-journal interactions impact the development of a research field, the main study goal is to quantify author publication choices and to use the data to investigate the ecological characteristics of competing journals.	1
The characteristics of the collaboration types are summarized in Table 1.	0
In response, this article reports a trend analysis of the number of Scopus-indexed publications and their average impact for 48 African countries 1996-2015, using fractional authorship counting and field normalised log citation rates, relative to the world average.	1
Downloaded from www.ajronline.org by Osaka University on 10/15/15 from IP address 133.1.198.126.	0
The 714 articles in our sample have been published by 2119 authors, including redundancies, which means an average of 2.97 authors per article.	4
More than 92% of respondents subscribed to the importance of RI education, but with different preferences for education modes.	4
We retrieved all documents indexed in WoS Core Collection between 2010 and 2017, affiliated to the University of Vienna and analysed them according to the Web of Science category and research areas.	2
Se encontraron 89 841 bigrams, entre los que destacan ?new species?, ?pacific coast?, ?colombian pacific?, entre otros.	4
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The Dimensions App was searched for articles published in the orthodontic journals listed in the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) throughout the years 2014 to 2018.	2
For chemistry researchers, the share of having personal websites is the highest among the three disciplines at 97.5%.	4
We presented CAs with the following definitions of UDR and IDR and asked them to select which definition best described the research reported in their article:	3
Obtaining a research-oriented graduate degree, being part of a larger clinical group, and presence of a training program were all associated with higher productivity, even after adjusting for academic rank and specialty.	5
It was shared via local and regional listservs (SJSU library faculty, San Francisco Bay Area Library and Information Network, California Academic Research Libraries, California Library Association, and Northern California Nevada Medical Library Group), ACRL listservs (Arts Section, Health Sciences Interest Group, Residency Interest Group, First-Year Experience, Scholarly Communications, and Science & Technology Section), and other professional listservs of which the authors were a part (Asian/Pacific American Librarians Association, Chinese American Library Association, Information Literacy Instruction Discussion List, Lifelong Information Literacy Google Group, Emerging Leaders, and New Members Round Table).	3
For the experiments, the commonly used dataset of YouTube is considered in this research (Hovden, 2013).	2
We use thematic and discourse analysis to analyse open answers from 100 questionnaires on research impact submitted by ECRs working in the social sciences and humanities (SSH) in Europe.	1
A geographical analysis of tweeters shows that scholarly articles get most of their social attention from the authors’ home countries, a finding that is also confirmed by correlation and regression analysis.	4
Over 16 years, NSF funded a total of 4,972 SGER awards, committing $284 million (in current funds) for an average of about $54,000 per grant.	2
Et Al seems to be a highly prolific author whose identity is shrouded in mystery.	4
As for the keyword popularity features, five variables were created in this study, namely topic popularity (TP), published popularity (PP), news popularity (NP), web page popularity (WPP) and video popularity (VP).	3
Published by the Royal Society under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/, which permits unrestricted use, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
In conclusion, Jordanian researchers use accepted strategies to avoid predatory journals.	5
The publish or perish aphorism declares publishing a condition for survival in academe.	4
In this regard, co-authorship, co-citation, and co-occurrence analyses are among the most commonly used approaches.	3
Bibliometrics can be defined as a qualitative and quantitative analysis of research that is often used to assess the impact of an individual researcher, research groups, institutions, countries or journals.	1
Additionally, annual publication and resulting citation numbers were collected for the years 2000–2015 (inclusive).	2
To this end, the current study proposes a novel entitymetrics based approach in three aspects.	1
In addition, compared to the z index, this article is based on a ZAS index model with an improved three-dimensional topic-author-citation relationship in research fields such as female sports.	4
More important, I urge the funding councils to remember that all evaluation mechanisms distort the processes they purport to evaluate.	0
Scientists appear to be unwilling to move when their children are between the ages of 14–17, and this appears to be more pronounced for mothers than fathers.	4
We gathered data from all 39 exams carried out by these 10 students, of which 21 were in-person and 18 were online.	2
Analysis of the Australian case thus demonstrates strong vertical alignment between national and institutional research governance mechanisms as well as considerable convergence in the formal organization and governance of research activities at Australian universities.	5
On this premise, the present study was designed to determine the Mexican share of published research in the field of breast cancer from 2003 to 2012.	1
Numbers of specialist surgeons per country (where provided) were obtained from the International Federation of Otorhinolaryngological Societies.	2
For estimating of P trends, the number of articles and citations imported to STATA software, version 11, StataCorp LP, USA and by Pearson Chi-square, P trends were estimated.	3
On average and roughly speaking, one third of reviews is considered good, one third reasonable, and one third either unhelpful (20%) or grossly faulty (10%).	4
Hang Yi1t, Yang Cao2t, Qihao Leng3, Yan Wang, Guochao Zhang1*, Yousheng Mao ID 1,*	0
A remarkable implication of this structure of the scientific competition is that the scientific domains playing the role of “markers” of national scientific competitiveness are those not necessarily of high technological requirements, but rather addressing the most “sophisticated" needs of the society.	5
Using this classification, we define the knowledge diffusion proxy algorithm to explore how scientific knowledge flows from producers to consumers.	3
In practice, the results of this study could also provide theoretical support and decision-making reference for R&D activities and academic behavior management of corporations.	5
This work was supported by EC Funding under the VOA3R project through the Grant Agreement No.	0
The level of collaboration is associated to the impact of the Latin American publications on management.	5
Therefore, the sampling frame is based on 14 disciplines and sub-disciplines in biology, chemistry, computer science, mathematics, engineering, and economics.	2
However, the preprint model still has some possible drawbacks.	5
It does not reflect the opinions of the Journal of Financial Economics, the University of Rochester, or the National Bureau of Economic Research.	0
This analysis is useful to identify the disciplines in which collaboration is more prominent (i.e.	0
Bibliometrics and IR, especially when properly combined in multi-network approaches, provide an efficient toolbox for studies of domains delimitation.	5
The entire set of the DVD version of the Social Sciences Citation Index 2011 (SSCI) was downloaded.	2
The aim of this study was to assess whether the citation index of the highest ranked journals of trauma and orthopaedics reflects the content of the journals, the rate of citation at two years (when the impact factor of a journal is calculated) and the subsequent rate of citation at four or five years.	1
4, shows that the majority of retraction notes (53%) do not present the basic facts about who initiated the retraction.	4
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=icmo20	0
The Times may flag Journal articles for many reasons — their inherent excellence or their wide appeal to various groups of readers, for example.	0
Titles in linguistics and medicine are generally longer than those in economics and computer science (CS).	4
What are the leading journals for MRI publications affiliated with Arab countries?	1
We also found that a higher proportion of biomedical than non-biomedical journals in our sample had a retraction policy.	5
Declaration of Interests: The authors certify that they have no commercial or associative interest that represents a conflict of interest in connection with the manuscript.	0
Over half of the videos (n = 16; 52%) raised caveats about using the h-index, especially for high-stakes situations, such as hiring and promotion and tenure decisions.	4
This paper deals with the questions of how network proximity influences the structure of inter-regional collaborations and how it interacts with geography.	1
VOSviewer [21] is used to extract and cluster the high-frequency title terms from these publications at once.	3
Performance assessments were averaged to form an overall score ranging from 1 to 5.	3
As shown in Table 2, we did not observe much difference between the correlations computed using citation (0.284) and those using CiteULike readership (0.278).	0
Additionally, we found several factors associated with perceived and ICMJE-defined honorary authorship and a discrepancy between the 2 rates.	5
In Business and Management Studies (B&M), Sub-Panel 17, 108 universities submitted 16,038 research outputs and 539 impact case studies covering the period 2014–2020.	2
In particular, we question how the advancing tide of research quality and excellence evaluation has affected research practices and knowledge production in these two departments.	1
Co-word analysis is a method used to gain insight into the meaning of the content of papers and map the structure and development of a scientific discipline [20,59,60].	3
We find that the citation boost that a scientist receives as a result of premature death is greater when the death occurs at a relatively young age.	4
Among the three models, Model 2 is the one with the highest probability (65.8%) of being the best model.	5
The full sample covers the period 1968 to 2017.	2
918 authors who published greater than or equal to 8 papers are chosen as core authors in this field.	2
PubMed was searched to find all types of dental articles.	2
The analysis of thematic trends is based on the concept of burst detection (Chen 2006).	3
How do academic age and institutional sector of faculty researchers within the co-authorship network moderate the relationship between their network centrality (degree, closeness, betweenness) and research performance?	1
Our study showed that COVID-19 pandemic influenced the citation frequency of publications and that a 3.8-fold increase in citations in 2021 for the documents published in 2020 as compared with JIF 2020 was observed in the top 197 journals with a higher number of COVID-19 publications.	5
Altmetrics outreach provides a platform through which librarians can familiarize university partners with different types of metrics that factor into the academic environment, and help researchers optimize the measurable impact of their work.	5
SZ conceptualized, designed the methodology, and implemented the study, and did the analysis and write-up.	0
A value of P < 0.05 was accepted as statistically significant.	0
However, this work is underfunded and often lacks high-quality evidence.	5
A cross-sectional, descriptive study was performed using systematic sampling to cover all the references in articles published in the first issue of each even year from 2002 to 2012 in REC, Emergencias, Revista Clínica Espa?ola and Medicina Clínica.	2
The quantitative and qualitative data was collected using SurveyMonkey and the same software was used for the analysis of the data.	3
Without radically questioning the current and historic realities of academia and academic work, it is difficult to accept that Gandy's claims towards loss of rigour, editorial support and academic valuation in book publishing in the UK is anything other than the latest bell in a carillon of changes which have long left academics struggling to maintain standards under more precarity, demand for international mobility, teaching pressure and resource scarcity.	5
Received: 14 November 2020 Revised: 14 February 2021 Accepted: 23 February 2021	0
The survey data indicated that the Information (N=245) and Library-related (171) research interests were mentioned more frequently than other areas.	4
The results show that Health Sciences dominate the publications with 88.23% of the total volume.	4
effort trajectories over more than three orders of magnitude in publications.	4
Through a series of dynamic analyses, this study shows that the educational background of LIS faculty members is becoming increasingly diverse; in addition, research areas such as Human-Computer interaction, Social Network Analysis, Services for Children and Youth, Information Literacy, Information Ethics and Policy, and Data and Text Mining, Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning have received an increasing popularity.	4
Color versions of one or more of the figures in this paper are available online at http://ieeexplore.ieee.org.	0
Xuqiu Wei is a PhD candidate at the School of Information Management, Wuhan University.	0
We aim to characterise the trend in journal IF over the last decade and draw comparisons with other surgical specialties.	1
Given that the top motivator for publishing in scholarly journals is career aspirations and promotion, the Ministry of Education and Training and universities should continue using publications in Web of Science and Scopus journals as important criteria in assessing applications for Professor, Associate Professor and Senior Lecturer.	5
The main aim is to identify the leading institutions; considering not only the research activity, but also the development of innovation; as well as its international visibility and impact.	1
The results showed that unethical behaviour was not uncommon and that editors and experienced reviewers encountered it more frequently.	4
Note: All R, values are statistically significant at beyond the .005 level.	0
In their interpretation, the team's joint human capital - understood as team members' knowledge heterogeneity - led to the creation of social capital.	0
The Mendeley readership counts correlate strongly (0.560–0.662) with citation counts in all subject categories for journal articles (Table 1).	4
Nonetheless, the more recent developments show that there is a growing awareness that African countries should prioritise and define strategic areas for funding.	5
After obtaining a list of 45 UCLA scholars with research or teaching interests in Chinese Studies, the advanced retrieval function of OCLC WorldCat (the largest library catalog in the world) was applied to obtain books authored by the 45 scholars.	2
These articles were published in 56 journals, of which the Pediatric Cardiology published the most articles (n=8).	4
The aims of this article are to (1) proceed with a characterisation of NST by means of a reliable and detailed search strategy, (2) discern the evolution over time of the cognitive structure of a given scientific discipline and (3) trace its specialisation profile from a twofold perspective: publications plus keywords.	1
Interestingly though, amidst all the other changes the core of the external research funding system, the traditional academic research council system, has remained almost unchanged from its establishment in 1968 until today.	4
They may also not be applicable for later stages of COVID-19 research or for future epidemics or pandemics.	0
The decision to implement Policy A as opposed to something more prescriptive, such as Policy B, was based in part by GBMF's policy to allow grantees to make decisions about their research and its dissemination based on their expertise, rather than our policies.	5
In other words, experts' interest and discussions were focused on abstract and higher-level concepts as revealed by an analysis of research papers with high levels of professional knowledge, whereas news that reflected public interest was relatively low on intellectual content and professional knowledge, and discussions were centered on practical problems.	4
Specifically, using a rank-order normalization procedure, we compress the results of multiple RPYS analyses into a single, consistent rank scale that clearly highlights years of punctuated impact across RPYS analyses.	1
A total of 3427 papers were published in these journals, which started to be published between 2010 and 2015, and 389 citations were made to these papers from the journals listed in the WoS.	2
The paper sets out to explain the achievement and limits more precisely, positioning China in relation to both global science and endogenous factors, and analysing the interface between the national science system and global science.	1
No restrictions were made in terms of the language or impact factor of the journal.	0
We aimed to investigate how the age, scientific productivity and the previous grant success of the PI vary across a national research system, by comparing early- and advanced-career researchers.	1
To establish existing methods and criteria, in a first step, the potential procedures and criteria used to evaluate academic legal publications were identified by means of an analysis of literature (for an overview, see Lienhard, Amschwand and Herrmann 2013).	3
This indicates that we may incorporate ATM into author identification systems to infer the identity of an author of articles using topics generated by the model.	5
In summary, while our analysis confirms that peer review has some ability to discriminate between the quality of proposals based on citation productivity over the entire range of percentile scores (Li and Agha, 2015), this does not extend to the critical range of percentile scores between 3 and 20, which is the most relevant subset of applications at current paylines.	5
According to SCI data for Balkans contribution in the number of papers in consecutive five-year intervals has grown as (3.0%; 3.5%; 4.2%) for physics and (3.0%; 4.0%; 4.4%) for chemistry.	4
I thank Uta Grothkopf for a careful reading of the manuscript.	0
Over a three-month period, I systematically documented all unsolicited e-mail invitations to publish in journals outside my primary field of public health.	2
The main limitation of our study was the peculiarities of the WoS funding information indexing.	5
This work was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (81960407).	0
Using network analysis, gender propensity and standard statistical analyses we assessed the collaboration network for differences between men and women.	3
First, the USA is the most dominant country having the highest number of papers and citations.	5
In seven, the highest similarity score from a single source was less than 10%.	4
With this explanation, the article is a rhetorical device to convince both scientific peers and patrons, and patrons are convinced because peers are.	5
It is found that for the period 1991–2010 ratios of uncited papers fluctuate within the interval [0,0.1].	4
It is interesting to compare the share of internationally collaborative articles from Africa (54 % of 111,877 articles) with those in other countries during the period 2007–2011.	4
As a data source for the analyses, we use so-called citable items (articles, letters, notes, reviews) in Elsevier's Scopus database, which provides information on articles published in about 22,000 journals worldwide (https://www.elsevier.com/solutions/scopus).	2
In order to help librarians work more effectively with atmospheric scientists, this article aims to examine some of the characteristics of the atmospheric science literature.	1
The essay has been organized in the following way: a summary and critique of the findings are given in Section 1.	0
Out of them, 31 (70%) were books and 11 (25%) were articles.	4
The algorithm of the test procedure is displayed in Algorithm 1 (Nachar 2008).	0
The publication facts label: A public and professional guide for research articles	1
This study investigates the extent to which the introduction of the Danish Bibliometric Research Indicator (henceforth BRI), which is a model for measuring research activities and allocating performance-based funding to Danish research institutions, reflects the performance of women and men differently.	1
As for the values of K, the article already reports that in the literature, they are considered as 'poor to fair', as stated by the authors of the letter.	4
For one thing, all indicators in this paper are valid for an entire entity evaluation, such as comparison among countries, scientists, institutions, disciplines, and so on.	0
Therefore, the main contribution of our approach to existing international university rankings is that it demonstrates that no composite indicators should be used.	5
The article is based on direct observations of ten panel groups evaluating research proposals in the natural and engineering sciences for the Swedish Research Council.	2
Bibliographic and citation data for papers published since 1800 are available in the Microsoft Academic (MA) custom data (Sinha et al.	2
We conducted Shapiro–Wilk tests on the three data series and they follow normality distributions at the 0.05 level (edu_diversity: statistic=0.942, p=0.65; tech_diversity: statistic=0.873, p=0.084; average_title_length: statistic=0.908, p=0.222).	3
Concurrently, promoting collaborative development across regions can accelerate the peak of urban IUSS-ECE at a broader international level through a “Global Community” strategy, thereby progressing towards zero-carbon urban IUSS.	5
The corpus contains publications between 1940 and the end of November 2019, and associated metadata such as title, abstract, authors, publication venue, and year of publication.	2
The authors wish to thank Stevan Harnad, Jason Millman, David Palermo, Paul Ross, William Wilson, and several anonymous reviewers for helpful comments on earlier drafts of this paper.	0
It is what we call the “angle strategy”, as illustrated in Fig.	3
All authors contributed critically to the drafts and gave final approval for publication.	0
This study used qualitative descriptive inductive content analysis that enabled the researchers to reveal who said what with respect to the research questions under scrutiny.	3
Variables were assessed for correlation using Pearson's correlation testing via Microsoft Excel.	3
First, there seems to be a consistently decreasing trend in keyword matching ratio as the time between project and publication increases.	4
In total, 38% of all citations were 5 years of age or newer, and 71% were 10 years of age or newer.	4
These eight fields include genetics, development economics, cognitive psychology, network science, social inequalities in public health, network ecology, metabolomics, and philosophy of science.	2
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship and/or publication of this article.	0
The purpose of this study was to analyze authorship trends, including gender, in the ABME?	1
In the following text, the source publication that was cited is denominated as ‘citation recipient’.	0
Regions and cities with universities from the treatment (blue) and control (red)groups.	0
This article presents results from a study of 74 Social Science Croatian journal editors that asked about challenges encountered during their work, with a special focus on peer review processes.	1
This methodology allows each country's output to be compared with that of other countries or the world average.	5
First, based on enterprise micro-data, the degree of enterprise DTI is systematically measured from three aspects: DTI attention, DTI input and DTI output (patent).	1
Electronic supplementary material The online version of this article (https://doi.org/10.1007/s11192-018-2887-3) contains supplementary material, which is available to authorized users.	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
On WoS, researchers were identified by name through the author search tab.	3
A 2011 study showed that, in 2010, fewer than 27% of all journals listed in the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) charged APCs (Solomon and Bj?rk 2012).	2
In computing market share (again, following Swanson et al. [2007], and prior work such as Williams [1985]), we use the “equivalent article basis” where the weight of each article is divided by the number of academically affiliated authors.	3
Articles for analysis were retrieved from two sources—Web of Science (1980-June 2023) and the archives of the Tardigrada Newsletter (2001-June 2023).	2
Thus, although the authors found similarities and differences in the present outcomes as compared to other studies, the results of each study are colored by the aforementioned aspects of research design.	0
The total size of the dataset after removing duplicate records comprised 5515 publications over the period from January 1957 till May of 2017, representing a coverage of 60 years of research in the field of gifted education.	2
We use chi-square test for contingency tables when its assumptions are satisfied (all expected counts >1 and less than 20% <5); otherwise we use the Fisher exact test.	3
Therefore, here we propose to measure resource allocation in terms of a novel “equivalent time” metric T which focuses on the allocation of human resources.	3
Along with these citation data, we obtain the h-index due to Hirsch20, for quantifying research output.	3
This study can be extended to determine the research productivity of any department, discipline, or group of faculty members.	5
Our qualitative survey data suggests that lack of mentoring, time, and grants infrastructure hamper successful NIH award applications among EM investigators.	5
Furthermore, the use of multiple patent quality and economic agglomeration indicators offers better assessment and forecasting potential than simple patent counts.	5
The proportions of articles in library science coauthored either by practitioners only—that is, by librarians—or by both practitioners and researchers were considerably higher than those in computer science and management.	4
We used two search engines (http://www.baidu.com and http://www.google.com.hk) to find each journal's Web site.	3
Are there changes in the cited concepts between NS and SSH citing articles?	1
The most cited article had citation count of 3516 and the least cited had a citation count of 593.	4
Unlike standard studies, the scientific impact of translational studies benefits from the adoption of an interdisciplinary approach.	4
Other web sites have provided newly popularized bibliometric measures such as the Scientific Journal Rankings (SJR) indicator with H index, provided by the SCImago Journal and Country Rank web site (http://www.scimagojr.com), and developed by the SCImago research group.	3
Second, we dealt with Lotka-Zipf’s law considering the rank distributions of 15 datasets.	3
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Development of disease assessment and clinical practice guidelines and conduct and reporting of randomized controlled trials to guide TAK management are important research areas.	5
We find that the collaborators of high-impact researchers tend to study diverse research topics and have diverse h-indices.	4
Authors paid an average article processing charge of 178 USD per article for articles typically published within 2 to 3 months of submission.	4
Forgoing intellectual property, particularly patents, within the context of the MNI's research activities is unprecedented for a major academic research institution (Stilgoe, 2016).	4
Scopus was used rather than Web of Science due to the ease of downloading citation authors and references and the comprehensive coverage that Scopus provided over the published articles.	3
Three different analysis techniques were used: the Blondel algorithm (2008) for constructing communities or groups from large data networks, traditional cluster analysis and factor analysis (Zhao and Lin, 2010).	3
Five thematic clusters articulate the research, focusing on the clinical and therapeutic approach to people living with HIV, co-infection and co-morbidity with other diseases, the genetic characterisation of the virus, the development of vaccines and the study of its transmission in specific groups or associated with sexual behaviour.	4
From models b1 and b2, we can see that the regression coefficient of interdisciplinarity and CDD is 0.021 and 0.019 in library and information science and particle physics respectively, P < 0.01, indicating that the interdisciplinarity of scientific papers has a positive impact on CDD.	4
We analyzed author contributions from articles published in the Archives of Iranian Medicine (AIM) journal over a 3-year period.	1
The constant term of 768.1USD reflects the base price for an open access publication.	4
For the document omission and metadata error problems, these two databases should work closely with the journal publishers and double-check with them frequently.	5
In the field of information sciences, we found a statistically significant increase in the number of citations.	4
Historiograph of 33 most-cited works in the collection of papers citing Price from 1956 to 2006.	0
We rely on the two samples of scholars identified in the previous study that tries to shed light on the way how the RG Score is built (Orduna-Malea et al. 2017).	2
The results also suggested that certain drugs could be repurposed for autism treatment in the future.	4
Hence, in addition to all the formal peer review, there is substantial informal review.	0
We believe that our framework and methods offer researchers a way to gain valuable new insights about exactly how and why hidden topic structure and rhetorical signals indicate the future consumption of the content and contribution contained in scientific texts.	5
However, from 2015 to 2020, only about seven articles in the top-tier business journals on the influential FT50 journal list covered societal concerns on pandemics (Haley & Jack, 2023).	4
Variety always has a positive relationship with the citations, whereas balance is always negatively correlated with the citations.	4
Note that its classification must be based on the result of factor analysis.	0
Spearman's ranked correlation showed that IF was significantly and inversely correlated with SCR (r = -0.28, P = 0.002; R2 = 0.08).	4
This research uses h-index (Hirsch, 2005), g-index (Egghe, 2006) and M-index (Bornmann, Mutz, & Daniel, 2008) techniques to measure the quality of user-generated videos over YouTube.	3
The number of documents extracted with this query is 1,539,526 along with 47,673,791 corresponding references.	2
The end result was an active nanotechnology patent dataset of 7925 patent records (applications and grants) from 1990 to 2012.	4
More than half of the production is available in open access (63,6%), and Green access is by far the preferred route to publish, followed by Gold access.	4
D. funding programs from 2010 to 2017, we combine difference-in-differences estimation and data mining to explore the future research impact (research productivity and direction) of industrial Ph.D.	3
It highlights the diffusion stages of LDA using topic evolution and examines the cross-boundary diffusion process between different subjects.	5
Note that these hypertext systems were much more homogeneous and controlled than the Web.	0
In this study, they are treated as one journal with the name of Industrial Engineer.	0
So in this study, we used LDA citation extracted from Scopus.	2
The final section discusses policy implications and concludes suggesting further developments for research.	0
Furthermore, the submission-to-publication time for most journals reduced dramatically (Fig.	4
To address this hypothesis, our specific aims were to (1) record bibliometric data for all full-time academic plastic surgeons, and (2) assess the associations between various bibliometric parameters and academic rank.	1
Institutional policies and regulations on open science, on the other hand, are few and focus almost exclusively on open access.	4
For two empirical datasets, our models achieve better prediction accuracy than the Q model.	4
The bibliometric analysis results are presented in Section 3, followed by relevant illustrations and charts; Section 4 presents the results from the classification of LADM topics, while the last two sections are devoted to discussion and conclusions.	0
That is why we recommend scientists to show more interest in writing and using letters, as these publications are interesting and inspiring.	5
The citation analysis of the research output of the German economic research institutes presented here is based on publications in peer-reviewed journals listed in the Social Science Citation Index for the 2000–2009 period.	1
RQ2: Have publication patterns changed in favour of articles published in journals ranked Q1 and Q2 in the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) based on IF?	1
Second, limitations on access to sequenced human genes—used by the private firm Celera during the “race” to sequence the human genome—reduced subsequent research and development on those genes by around 30% (9).	4
Our analysis, based on the author information of duplicate and retracted publications in PubMed, reveals that a sizeable amount of these items come from highly productive countries.	5
Fifth, we recommend that journals make a commitment to publish a certain number of articles in non-English languages on an annual basis.	5
To what extent does the content and tone of reviewers' comments to the editor align with their comments to the authors when reviewers make a "reject" recommendation?	1
By conveying the voice of my participants, this paper pays tribute to these diligent and respectable scholars.	0
This study was based on a detailed analysis of article-level data from the online version of the WoS database, which is owned by Thomson Reuters.	2
This research may help researchers deeply understand the process of topic selection, and provide a theoretical basis for research and development policy formulation.	5
We analyzed the data using an SQL-database that has been individually customized for our purposes, and which enables us to generate and perform a combination of bibliometric analysis and a quantitative coding at the same time, and it also facilitates assigning full texts.	3
4 accept for publication with the minor revisions suggested in the attached review	0
.) AND AD = Peoples R China”, and the time interval is confined to 2001-2013, while the document type is specified as Article.	2
An online survey was designed on Qualtrics platform and sent out to selected NTU research members as a pilot study to test the validity of the survey (see Additional file 1).	2
This study uses cross-disciplinary theoretical insights to conceptualize “dynamic academic networking” as a distinct collaboration-related phenomenon that is theoretically linked with research productivity on the one hand, and with English language skills on the other, especially in the context of non-Anglophone academic systems.	1
IF 2010: impact factor in 2010 JCR, TP: number of total articles	0
The results show a recall of 91.5% of the sample articles, with a precision of 99%.	4
First, three groups of data were collected based on articles published in 2007 in 714 CSSCI journals:	2
Our interpretation of the increasing trend in multi-coauthored papers is perhaps due to the increasing requirement in research for the promotion and/or tenure considerations.	0
Chinese universities show still a systematic low international collaboration levels which are positively linked to the low research impact.	4
This list was further refined with data from Pi?eiro-Otero (2015) regarding radio studies in Spanish journals (52 recurring authors, 48 from Spain); the researchers recommended by Oliveira (2015) for Portuguese radio studies (13, one from Brazil) as well as twenty authors of individual books or compilations related to radio.	3
We first highlight interdisciplinary inequalities in the coverage of this database, and discuss why disciplines, such as Economics and Management, which are hierarchically-structured and whose journals have high impact factors in WoS, have benefited most from the growth of WoS.	1
We used the two, state-of-the-art character-based approaches Encoplot (ENCO; Grozea, Gehl, & Popescu, 2009), which received the highest overall score in the PAN 2009 competition, and Sherlock (Lachlan, 2012) as baselines.	3
Consequently, our final dataset comprised over 3.5 million papers and 1.5 million authors across the selected disciplines.	2
All hundred articles were published in 8 journals, most of which were published in the American volume of the Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery 45/100 followed by the British volume 37/100 (now Bone and Joint Journal) and Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research?	4
Findings reveal that only 20 African countries have presence in ROAR and DOAJ, but 22 countries have presence in DOAR.	4
Do CS conferences have a stronger citation impact than journals?	1
Figure 4 Disincentives to submitting original manuscripts or writing commissioned articles (on a scale of 1–5).	0
For the main economic species identified by FAOSTAT, their rank in terms of world production (tons in 2008) is in brackets.	0
This section analyzed the institutions' performance in textiles, fashion, apparel and clothing studies.	0
By taking this broader perspective, it becomes clear that the career of university rankings in China is fundamentally interrelated with the state's top-down science and innovation policies and politics and not only an imported measuring device for international comparison in the higher education sector.	3
By drawing upon patents, patent citations, and their technology classification, this article seeks to elucidate how interdisciplinary research can be assessed, monitored, and visualized by taking technological knowledge areas as the unit of analysis.	1
Spending on employees accounts for over two-thirds (68%) of total spending, followed by purchases from vendors and subawards.	4
Finally citations significantly decline with title length in ten of the eleven UoAs, with the impact almost significant at the 10 % level in the eleventh.	4
It is often necessary to demonstrate the impact of a research program over time both within and beyond institutions.	1
India has published maximum number of articles in the Journal of Periodontal Research.	4
To test how close a journal's publishing practice is to a field, the cosine similarity between the journal and the field was calculated using the vectors as described above.	3
In short, academic impact can take diverse forms and is context dependent.	0
Is career advancement associated with specific features of mobility instances?	1
We have compared journal responses to a specific reagent error in 31 human gene knockdown publications, namely a non-targeting or negative control nucleotide sequence that is instead predicted to target a human gene.	1
RQ3 How does user engagement (both presence and frequency) correlate with other types of science-based and Twitter-based factors, such as the scholarly impact of tweeted papers, use of tweet features on the platform, and user characteristics?	1
Taken together, the three parts of our analysis suggest that processes of assetization emerging through the REF introduce forms of governance that put things at stake: the futures of specific Departments, the kinds of students sought by Universities and the future value of academics' work.	5
2008b) was used to retrieve scientific publications in the Neurosciences category, for the years 1998-2017, for the five Latin American countries.	2
A secondary objective was to determine the extent to which factors mediated citation number for paediatric cardiology manuscripts.	1
The median number of citations for articles with major errors was 54 (range 1 to 1252); approximately 71% of these articles were cited 20 or more times by other published works included in Web of Science.	4
From the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, University of Kansas Health System, Kansas City, KS.	0
A fixed-effect Poisson model was used to study a panel dataset of USPTO pharmaceutical company patents.	3
We propose a bottom-up, quiet revolution that will help our community move from competition to collaboration, from financially crippling to free, from closed to open access, a quiet revolution that will bring about a gradual shift in the way research work and individual scholars are evaluated by university committees and funding agencies.	1
Among the analytics addressed, this work includes an analysis of the performance of the reported publications, of the established collaborations, of a co-word analysis (Hirsch, 2005) and of various bibliometric indicators (indexes h, g, hg, q2) (Cobo et al., 2011).	3
The contribution presents a high-level assessment of the extent to which these various efforts are revealed in the present continent-wide status of science, technology and innovation (STI).	1
Following previous research (Arora & Gambardella, 1990; Fares et al., 2018; Grimpe, 2012; Reichstein & Salter, 2006), we estimated a multivariate probit model (Cappellari & Jenkins, 2003).	3
We found that larger groups were more productive than smaller groups, but their marginal productivity declined as their heterogeneity increased, either because their members belonged to more disciplines or to more institutions.	4
Review scores given to papers did not differ between male and female reviewers, and final decisions (proportion of papers rejected) did not differ between male and female editors.	4
Quantifying the publication productivity of tenure-track staff and departments was based on two equally weighted indicators: (1) the count of articles published in economics IF journals and (2) the count of citations of articles published in economics IF journals.	3
The results confirm an important positive impact of co-authoring process.	4
Here, the database has been updated on March 10, 2022, to cover the period from January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2021 (Clarivate, Essential Science Indicators Help, 2022).	2
When normalized to GDP, there was approximately a 3-fold increase in the UAE's research productivity between 1999 and 2016, with a CAGR of 7.1% (Fig.	4
Of 194 total grant applications reviewed, 128 applications were discussed, with a range of 6 to 34 applications per session.	2
A total of 36 retracted publications with 415 citations were identified from 1997 to 2021, of which, 83.3% occurred in the last decade.	4
To assess the impact of ophthalmology resident research and its relationship to subsequent practice.	1
In our analysis, we begin with an accurate integration of publication activity indicators for individual staff members from different departments into the departmental metrics for research capacity and further into the research capacity for the university as a whole.	3
We convert their journal quality indexes into American Economic Review (AER) equivalents, meaning that we express the quality of each journal as a fraction of AER quality and use these values to convert each Ph.D.’s publications (pages) into AER-equivalent publications (pages) for subsequent analysis.	3
As expected, the highest average E-index scores were achieved by principal investigators at top national universities.	4
Papers in the two subject areas were identified by means of special filters based on specialist journals and title words.	3
The survey was delivered online using iSurvey software (https://isurvey.soton.ac.uk/).	3
This article examines the evolution of the Web's emergent social structure and communication network at the level of nation-states.	1
Against this background, this study addresses two main research questions: a.	1
In this study, the Web of Science Core Collection is adopted as the data source.	2
The peer-reviewed publication rate (publications per year since attending medical school) did not differ between funded and unfunded applicants, with an estimated difference in means (95% confidence interval) of 1.3 (-0.3 to 2.9) publications per year.	4
To understand which countries, institutions, and authors play key roles in the three networks, the degree centrality (the number of links a node has) and betweenness centrality (nodes that have a high probability to occur on a randomly chosen shortest path between two randomly chosen nodes have a high betweenness) (Freeman 1977) values for each node were calculated.	3
Acknowledgements This research has been supported by the Major Program of National Fund of Philosophy and Social Science of China (Grant No.	0
They are based on the continental and regional divisions used by the IHME.	0
4 Are there highly cited articles that attract most of their citations from only one of the six sections?	1
From the pool of over 500 registered applicants, we carefully selected 292 participants to take part in the workshop.	2
The interviews were conducted between December 2019 and April 2020.	2
Therefore, hs is very similar to the percentile score but slightly easier to compute.	0
Introducing an additional indicator to the regression model, i.e.	4
The papers analyzed provided a total of 15,283 bibliographic references, with an average of 17.2 citations per paper.	2
We offer a series of guidelines and procedures that, we argue, address these problems and others and provide a superior means to make the use of percentile methods more accurate and informative.	1
WoS showed better performance over Scopus for subject-related evaluations that is related to the recent expansions on coverage of different materials such as textbooks and proceedings.	4
We then present the results, both summary data and regression results.	0
Received 31 December 2016; Received in revised form 7 March 2018; Accepted 8 March 2018	0
In order to identify strategies for increasing student h-index, we utilized a multiple linear regression analysis with all previous independent variables as inputs and h-index as the dependent variable (Table 3).	3
years of experience, licensure test scores), or measured in years following after the hiring decision (e.g.	1
The most productive institutions were University of Sydney, VU University of Amsterdam, University of Queensland, and University of Toronto.	4
The highest CAGR is observed in the case of Indonesia (28.9%), where TP increased from 617 in the year 2001 to 94,492 in 2020.	4
Using the search criteria, 7,762 articles were identified.	2
This study is guided by the following questions: 1.	1
The percentage of MEDLINE-indexed records was assessed in PubMed and various subsets of records from PMC.	3
In conclusion, the traditional citation patterns and the Twitter citation patterns in Information Science are different statistically, structurally, and contextually.	5
Phenomenon of ‘Critical divergence’, is identified in the network of BT for engineering.	4
This may unleash a lot of analytic opportunities and strengthen the applicability of path analysis to manifold.	5
Journals disseminated by for-profit publishers, with lower JIFs, published in academically peripheral countries and with more recent founding dates were more likely to exhibit JIF-inflating self-citation patterns.	4
All authors listed have significantly contributed to the development and the writing of this article.	0
(2) Are there any differences in the reviewing and research activities of reviewers by gender?	1
The findings of the present study should be of great interest for citation studies in the LIS field.	5
Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill 2019.	0
confirmatory bias) and self-evaluated probability of perceiving a review signal correlated with the true cause of rejection and a sequence of review signals perceived as input, and gives a prediction of whether there is overconfidence and wrongness in the author's belief that bias in peer review caused rejection.	3
With a such increasing behaviour, it is expected in the coming years that IJIMAI will position itself among the best journals with similar scientific scope.	5
We use the Hellinger divergence to compare these distributions, but as discussed above, we use the ratio of observed to expected overlaps in terms to ‘weight’ these distributions before the comparison.	3
The within region collaboration has grown in volume but is still less than 1% of the total research output from the region.	4
Articles with high citation rates are one indicator of journal prestige.	0
In univariate and multivariate linear regression analyses, number of citations received by an article were compared with gender, years since publication, journal IF, and the number of authors.	3
Estimates of the journal-specific impacts are reported in Table 4 for, respectively, an unlogged OLS model, a log-linear OLS model (the dependent citations variable is logged) and a negative binomial (count) model (Greene, 2003).	3
Research topic complexity shows a negative correlation with the number of related scientists (-0.76, p-value < 0.01) and its document frequency (-0.74, p-value < 0.01), as presented in Fig.	4
This is problematic for the medium and low-income countries because it signals the lack of potential of their universities to educate elite academics.	5
The regional research productivity in a field (SDS) is calculated as the average FSS of all professors in the SDS employed at local universities.	3
The collection of 1,470 retrieved papers was analysed to answer seven research questions.	2
The proposals were reviewed by more than 500 referees, who assigned over 140,000 grades in about 200 panel sessions.	2
For accounting journals, we include a set of 24 accounting journals that were used in a global accounting ranking study by Chan et al.	2
We observed that on an average 34.5% of the research output from IISERS is internationally collaborated.	4
If one wants to normalize by correcting for the undesirable factors of variability (propensity to cite and to cite rapidly) while keeping good properties of the resulting valued network, citing-side way appears as a sounder solution.	5
From 2000 to 2015, publications in otolaryngology education increased more rapidly than the field of otolaryngology overall.	4
Of 4000 papers published in astronomy and in physics in the past 40 years, 40.3%, and 23.4%, respectively, have not been cited (referenced).	4
To reduce the size effect and determine the relative strength of a particular collaboration link, the Jaccard similarity index was employed [56]:	3
We conceptualize the paper drain phenomenon and empirically estimate its size for the field of development studies.	1
To explore more granular patterns in their career paths, we further divide Group A authors into two sub-groups: Group A1, which includes 613 authors who published their first articles with an AA, and Group A2, which includes those who did not publish first with an AA, but later collaborated at least once with an AA.	3
In this paper I raise the question whether the phenomenon of stratification serves the aims of academic science.	1
Most of the researches conducted at TU-K are not cited.	4
Her research and teaching interests are epistemology of knowledge organization, knowledge organization ethics, archival knowledge organization, and domain analysis.	0
What are the focuses and developmental trends of the CHL field?	1
We mined the Internet Movie Database (IMDb [25]) and compiled a data set of 803,013 individuals in the movie industry working as movie directors, producers, art directors, soundtrack composers, and scriptwriters, altogether contributing to 1,297,275 movies.	2
This study proposes a methodology to gain insight into the meaning of each position in the by-line, working with a sample of publications from the Journal of Informetrics, based on the similarity between the discourse of an article and the citation identity of each co-author according to their position in the by-line, evaluated by the bibliographic coupling.	1
This work was supported by National Science Foundation [Grants 1353796 and 1445121].	0
This article was downloaded by: [Computing & Library Services, University of Huddersfield]	0
We will use the paper to argue that as a result of these practices assetization is now becoming a key means of steering University governance.	1
Not surprisingly, across disciplines and genders, more postdoctoral fellows were sceptical of their chances (56%) than scientists in permanent staff positions such as associate (34%) and full (28%) professors.	4
The overwhelming majority (87.5%: 3,427) of individual consortia had an MNLCS above the world average of 1, including the largest 93.	4
The greatest distances are observed for investment appeal in technology-related keywords.	4
It should also be noted that Angola, Madagascar and Zambia produce fewer water-related publications than that expected based on the SADC average.	0
However contradictory it may sound, nations and research organisations have to collaborate in order to be competitive.	0
Meanwhile, institutional affiliation remains a solid driver of scientific cooperation.	5
The earliest Scopus reference to digoxin or digitalis toxicity was published in 1849, and the dates of reference were 1849 to 2015 inclusive (Edward 1849).	2
This manuscript expands the notion of academic entrepreneurship to encapsulate scholars who consider taking intellectual risks by manipulating bibliometrics to build and ultimately sustain superior research performance, potentially at the expense of producing valid knowledge.	5
Bibliometrics is a statistical analysis tool used in understanding global research trends and provides interesting quantitative information in academic literature [34,35].	3
We don't attempt to review this rich repertoire of issues, methods, and findings here, but note that others have compiled considerable knowledge (c.f., Rossini and Porter 1979; Porter 1983; Chubin et al.	0
A total of 4,350 citations to 1,992 journal articles (unique titles) published between 2001 and 2010 was collected.	2
This study uses the Scopus database as the primary data source for analyzing the general bibliometric characteristics of Ukrainian A&H research.	2
Additionally, I wish to thank David Harrison, Sandra Waddock, and Beth Humberd who commented and provided advice on an early draft of this paper.	0
When these communities disagree about a scholarly achievement’s credit assignment, this raises a puzzle for decision and game theoretic models of credit seeking in science.	4
Our examination showed that 99 out of the 127 records used the data from the WoS to calculate h-index.	4
We urge authors to give reviewers the acknowledgment they deserve, and we also suggest that journals play a role in promoting a culture of recognition through appeals to their authors.	5
The h-index (and, accordingly, the general citation indicators) for all universities in Ukraine is seriously affected by the profile of the educational institution, as well as the year of its foundation and the number of research and teaching staff.	5
The data analysis utilized the Statistical Product and Service Solutions (SPSS) 23.0 software.	3
The important value of topic characteristics in articles’ citation activities shows that the content of the article is an important factor in attracting more citations.	4
The document distribution in the analyzed period was: international collaboration (13.334 %), national collaboration (13.112 %) and institutional collaboration (73.554 %).	4
In addition, we have used the Norwegian Research Personnel Register as a supplementary data source for the individual attributes of the researchers analyzed (institution, position, gender and age).	2
This is a retrospective review of OREF grants awarded to full-time faculty orthopaedic surgeons between 1994 and 2014.	2
The table is ranked by the number of documents each country publishing heat transfer literature.	0
The debate also points to the need for deep knowledge of the prevailing policy context in order to draw valid policy conclusions.	5
Centro de Ciências Naturais e Exatas, Universidade Federal de Santa Maria—UFSM, Santa Maria,	0
Using the 108 institutions classified by the Carnegie Foundation in 2014 as a “research university with very high research activity (RU/VH)”(Carnegie Foundation 2014) as our primary sources of data, we collected the publicly-available NSF RCR training plans for these institutions through a comprehensive Internet search.	2
Sharing the results of late breaking research through peer-reviewed journals remains the mainstay of the scientific process and progress in science [1–3].	5
Values are given in UK pounds (￡) and have been rounded to the nearest pound.	0
Effect sizes were also calculated for the positive test results.	3
In total, metadata for 5287 articles was downloaded into spreadsheets from Web of Science during November 2018.	2
For each journal, the data were also processed so that dual-authored papers could be analysed using a connectivity index (Bell et al., 2002) to determine the extent to which the pool of authors contributing to a given journal were interconnected.	3
At the same time this is a strong argument to suppose that journals for RISC Core were defined properly.	5
Geometric means were used instead of arithmetic means because citation and reader data is highly skewed (Thelwall & Fairclough, 2015; Zitt, 2012).	3
This review will provide information of the extent and pattern of collaboration with researchers in Africa and internationally.	5
These differences in researcher trust in various types of assessments point to matching expertise as the key factor for being judged as able to evaluate the quality of research.	5
As this article demonstrates, university rankings and other performance indicators have been an organic part of Chinese science and higher education policy and a prominent element in state-directed national reform and development planning processes since at least the 1980s.	1
sticky notes with a different designated color and a pencil.	3
The study demonstrates that scholars remain highly productive across the life-span of the career (i.e., 40 years), and that productivity increases steeply until promotion to associate professor and then remains stable.	4
To address this issue, we developed the fol-lower-leading clustering algorithm (FLCA), which can be used as a tool to clarify the clustering process in coword analysis and provide a better understanding of ACs and keywords in biblio-metrics.	3
The interview participants were purposively sampled from among 195 VE recipients from the scheme's first rounds of grants in 2017–18.	2
In this preregistered study we evaluate current attitudes towards, and experiences with, publishing research and propose an alternative system of publishing.	1
Scientometrics is the science of measuring and analyzing research.	3
But there is much more that can be done with additional data links and modern tools (Foster et al., 2016).	0
Nevertheless, the absence of effective university control policies and the lack of stress on zero tolerance of plagiarism from the perspective of teaching factors have a strong and significant bearing on students' behavior associated with plagiarism.	5
The results from co-word mapping (using two different routines) versus topic modeling are significantly uncorrelated.	3
Matthew Bonnett & Antonios Siganos (20 Sep 2024): Referee quality and article citations: a case study of a finance journal, Studies in Higher Education, DOI: 10.1080/03075079.2024.2406389	0
Stem cell research has been rising to the forefront of biomedical science and public health and research policy in recent years.	0
1: (Color online) Relative cumulative distributions of ages of downloaded papers.	0
values of both databases tend to decrease over time, denoting that dirty data have been partially cleaned.	4
We have seen how NPG and PLoS have tried to play the role of innovation intermediaries: they are able to act as brokers by controlling some key assets, and having high visibility and presence.	5
The 100 neurosurgery training institutes had published 1639 papers over the past 5 years.	4
As recommended by researchers (e.g., Ibá?ez et al.	3
Yet, the United States and the United Kingdom are the most active publishers in both phases, with each publishing 130 documents; these two countries are affiliated with 45.81 percent of the total documents.	4
We aimed to determine the frequency of use and accessibility over time of electronic citations in Revista Espa?ola de Cardiología and 3 other Spanish biomedical journals, and to identify the factors that influence the accessibility and retrievability of these links.	1
We found that the WoS database records an acknowledgment only if it contains funding information, and thus it is not recommended for analyzing other types of acknowledgment without complementary information.	5
A negative correlation among quality and quantity was also observed at the country level: in the more recent period a decrement in the number of scientific articles per national researcher coexisted with a growing trend of the impact, estimated with the RI indicator.	5
Aquatic ecosystem research trend was shifting from water environment to aquatic ecosystem wide issues.	5
Each point indicates the mean position of a country in the studied period	0
During 2013-15 almost one-third of the papers published by researchers based in the Czech Republic were proceedings papers, a much higher share than in any other benchmark country.	4
It also visualizes and analyzes the scientific performance of these researchers' co-authorship network based on their scientific publications.	1
This was used to standardize the number of publications on diabetes from each country per million patients with diabetes in the respective countries for comparative purposes.	3
By examining the prospects and problems associated with organizing and structuring research tasks, this study adds insight into university research capacity building and management in Vietnam.	1
The findings identified three topics for paper's titles data are clinical study, impact of COVID-19 on various fields and Movement Control Order (MCO).	4
The numbers in brackets correspond to the number of research areas covered and the number of documents considered in each category.	0
This study examined 21 factors – related to all authors and to the first author – as potentially predictive of citation counts.	3
The goal of this investigation of how authors select target publications and how journals compete for resources in the form of submissions is to identify ecological journal characteristics entailing both tacit knowledge of author publication choices (knowing where they have good chances of being published) and cultural beliefs associated with journals as organizations (knowing what kinds of papers should be accepted).	1
Reference per article (R/A) data of the biochemistry and plant physiology journals.	0
Statistical tests used included the Wilcoxon ranked sum test and the Pearson x2 test.	3
The measures in Formula (1) and (2) are called unweighted and weighted centrality respectively.	3
The most noticeable insight from the learned network was the direct path from the authors' degree to the editorial decision (the "reject" node) (Fig.	4
This article aims to evaluate the breakthrough potential of ERTs through analysing the features of development trend and the correlation between the citation curve of ERTs and their knowledge base.	1
2 calculates the rate of citations per year.	3
Data is collected from the databases of Science Citation Index (SCI) and SCOPUS (SCO).	2
Webometric data collection and online questionnaire were administered during the data collection phase.	3
We used Microsoft Excel along with a list of known Web of Science abbreviations and the CAS Source Index (CASSI) Search Tool to standardize source titles.	3
This distribution of responses is directly related to the number of faculty members and researchers in humanities and social sciences in universities and the CSIC.	0
These journals were chosen from the Web of Science categories, including “Orthopedics,”	0
The average number of authors per article has increased over time, indicating that a greater number of authors are collaborating on research projects.	4
The correlation coefficient between cognitive heterogeneity and innovation performance is 0.146 (p < 0.05), while that between transformational leadership style and innovation performance is 0.287 (p < 0.01).	4
Academics who read more than average are also more likely to be above average users of social media.	5
In particular, NIH trainees appear to have acquired a distinct "translational" style of biomedical research which became an implicit training model for physician-scientists as ATP alumni came to occupy the commanding heights of academic medicine throughout the United States.	4
Positive correlation between journal production and journal impact factors / Journal of Informetrics 10 (2016) 567–568	0
In later sections, we will show that c less than zero produces the desired results.	0
(Author affiliations can be found at the end of the article.)	0
Our data suggest better construct validity for the h-index than for other bibliometrics, although the agreement of h-index values between databases can be problematic for some researchers.	5
The same institute's author affiliation came out to be 40.6%.	4
The data retrieval strategy and resulting dataset is described in Section 2.1, and the scientometric methods and tools are briefly introduced in Section 2.2.	0
In all these aspects Google turned out to be the best.	4
Three types of institutional pressures were identified from the interviews of stakeholders: financial incentives from the private sector, rewards in the academic system (including both funding and publishing), and explicit sectoral missions of national or international science-based organizations (such as FAO, WHO, CDC etc.).	4
In this paper, we investigate the impact on academic alphabetical authorship as a result of this Chinese growth in publications.	1
The 2011 Journal Citation Reports (JCR, Thomson Reuters) edition was used to attribute the IF of each publication.	3
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0001-253X.htm	0
The study reveals that LIS faculty tend to be more experienced with and knowledgeable about open access than their colleagues in other disciplines.	4
To cite this article: Mohit Vashney, Arpit Parmar & Ashwani Kumar Mishra (2020) The Past, Present and Future of Literature Pertaining to Betel (Areca) Nut: A Citation Analysis, Substance Use & Misuse, 55:9, 1403-1412, DOI: 10.1080/10826084.2019.1660677	0
(n = 1076), nous avons créé une requête incluant la liste exhaustive de toutes les revues de ces deux catégories selon le classement JCR 2011.	3
The greater power of negative information suggests that information sharing among expert evaluators can lead to more conservative allocation decisions that favor protecting against failure rather than maximizing success.	5
The dataset includes 783 articles which have in total been cited 21.987 times by December 27th 2012.	2
Three versions of each of the three studies in the press releases were produced that varied concerning the researchers’ country of origin (i.e., USA, Poland, or China).	2
Our results suggest that the deadweight loss created by the price discrimination that permits these transfers is substantial.	5
The results show no evidence of a historical citation disadvantage against female first-authored research in large English-speaking nations, even in the late 1990s, where the proportion of women in academia was substantially lower than today.	5
For advice and suggestions thanks are due to two anonymous referees.	0
A two-step cluster analysis was performed on the absolute downloads and the relative downloads of Chinese journal papers published between 2006 and 2008.	1
Frequently, trends in record AM1.5 power-conversion efficiencies versus time, such as the NREL efficiency chart, are used to analyze the relative merits of different photovoltaic material technologies.	1
Observatoire des sciences et des technologies (OST), Centre interuniversitaire de recherche sur la science et la technologie (CIRST), Université du Québec à Montréal, CP 8888, Succ.	0
This study analyzed views and downloads of articles published in China CDC Weekly from 2019 to 2020 as part of an evaluation of the academic level and quality of the journal.	1
The aims of the study were to assess the characteristics of highly cited articles in medical professionalism and their altmetric scores.	1
We provide insights into the intellectual development and unpack specific issues within the information systems (IS) field by conducting a quantitative analysis of titles of 12,866 papers gathered from the AIS Library.	2
In order to explore the nature of those collaborations, we conducted open-ended interviews with 13 US scientists and 13 in Russia who collaborated trans-nationally in 1995–2014.	1
Цель настоящей работы наметить возможные направления развития теории публикационных систем.	1
For this case there is no significance to the vertical placement of the cited journal.	0
Group 2, FLU20: all research articles with the MeSH term "influenza" published between 1 January and 31 December 2020.	2
However, the institutional picture is rather different after one refines the analysis to academic library practitioner output.	0
Of the 295 journals included in the Radiology, Nuclear Medicine and Imaging subcategory of Medical Journals, two were excluded because they had not yet been assigned a SJR (each less than three years of publication history).	2
To conclude, our AAI-based journal ranking is not correlated with the rankings in other measures.	5
In this reflection on my experiences as editor of the Journal of Applied Psychology, I consider 6 foci including (a) information on the background, infrastructure, and mechanics of running this top-tier journal; (b) statistics on journal operations across the 7 years of editorial activity (i.e., incoming plus 6 years on the masthead); (c) innovations that my senior editorial team introduced (i.e., transparency via supplemental materials, revival of monographs, initiation of integrative conceptual reviews); (d) impact and influence with respect to articles, authors, and institutions; (e) latent sematic analysis findings to illustrate the evolution and change of journal content over a 33-year comparison period (i.e., it has evolved substantially); and desirable directions for future evolution of the journal (i.e., strengthen our scientific foundation, increase multidisciplinary linkages, focus on multilevel system dynamics as core capabilities, and improve the translation of industrial and organizational science to evidence-based practice and vice versa).	1
This study used a random sample of 381,249 of 4,560,819 USPTO patents issued from 1998 to 2017.	2
There was a positive correlation between pageviews driven by TrendMD and article saves on Mendeley (Spearman's rho r = 0.60).	4
On average, the PPJs met 5 of the 12 “predatory” criteria, compared to less than 1 in the comparison group.	4
We ran four quasi-Poisson regression models in our study, using version R 2.9.2.	3
Our proposed approach is entirely data-driven (i.e., unsupervised): we just rely on the spectral properties of the bipartite bibliometric network, without requiring any a-priory classification or labeling of scholars or journals.	3
In this study, the Kullback-Leibler divergence is used to further evaluate the topic relevance of the topic direction and the topic of the project and the paper.	3
Robertson, on which I base the present study.	2
Based on these findings, we conclude that interdisciplinary teams are not a mere sum of people from different academic disciplines, but a group of people who have the ability to incorporate different disciplines conceptually and analytically.	5
First, author normalization was performed, and whenever it was not clear whether different authors shared the same name, their institutional affiliation was investigated.	3
The representatives of the different countries completed the questionnaire, while it was available at http://ilia.cchs.csic.es/encuestas/EuropeEval/ during the first semester of 2017 (with the exception of Croatia, Latvia and Slovenia for which responses were collected in the last months of 2017).	2
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/1757-2223.htm	0
Librarians can use Zone 1 and Zone 2 journal titles to assist in making collection development decisions to support academic programs and clinicians’ information needs.	5
Studies like this should be conducted periodically to monitor the spread of predatory journals.	5
Does academic engagement with industry come at a cost for early career scientists?	1
What are the differences in scientific creativity patterns across different tiers of scholars' Ph.D.-granting universities?	1
The catalyst for this change is for the reputation economy to accept preprints as it does articles in minor journals today.	5
The null hypothesis was that no SPJs would be detected among the 124 sport journals listed in Q1-Q4 in SJR (Suppl.	2
The data show convincingly that a publication's disciplinary composition of references in a network is preserved when citation shuffling is constrained to the network but is significantly distorted when the WoS superset is used as a source of substitution.	4
This paper discusses the challenges of profiling digital scholarly communication on UBRISA, a technology brimming with potential but which UB staff has largely ignored.	1
Finally, ?∈ [0,1] is resolution coefficient, generally based on the principle of minimum information is taken as 0.5, ie = 0.5.	0
Since PubMed does not provide citation data, we use Thomson-Reuters’ Web of Science (WoS) to obtain citations for publications in PubMed.	2
To address this, in our multivariate regression analysis (OLS), we use scientific specialisation (NSI_Pub) as our dependant variable, and disease burden specialisation as our main independent variable.	3
Comprehensive data sources, analysis methods, and iTRAQR-like information systems are enabling prospective grants program monitoring and evaluation.	5
We have developed an inclusive authorship approach arising from 15 years of experience coordinating the publication of over 100 papers arising from a long-term, international collaboration of hundreds of scientists.	1
The betweenness centrality denotes the importance of a node in a network in terms of its frequency of falling on the shortest paths between any pair of other network nodes (Wasserman and Faust 2003).	3
A bibliometric approach is explored to tracking international scientific migration, based on an analysis of the affiliation countries of authors publishing in peer reviewed journals indexed in ScopusTM.	1
In WoS, University of Granada in Spain tops the list with total of 10 papers followed by the Central South University, China (TP=8) and City University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong (TP=7).	4
Concepts related to characteristics of big science and scientific collaboration have the longest half-lives.	4
In this paper, we analyze the role of science and technology studies (STS) journal editors in organizing and maintaining the peer review economy.	1
The findings show that the numbers of RG score (p = 0.000 < 0.001), followers (p = 0.018 < 0.05) and followees (p = 0.033 < 0.05) have significant differences in different research areas under 95% confidence level.	4
In short, the reality of unequal distribution of research output among the Korean universities is that universities are not competing on an equal footing but in a highly skewed distribution of resources, reputations, and institutional autonomy.	5
For most universities ranked in the top 40, differences in rank within about ± 2 should be considered noise.	4
Studies have not sufficiently clarified the differences in citation impact between funded and non-funded clinical research papers.	1
For the keyword map, a full counting method was used, meaning that each co-occurrence link carried the same weight.	3
The article uses a micro-level (individual) approach and relies on the primary data collected in a comparable format through a survey from 17,211 European academics.	2
Dimension indexes from India 742 publications with 196 citations as on 11th May 2020.	4
The main aim of the present paper is to analyze scientific publications on coronavirus listed by Web of Science to analyze two main characteristics of open science, as international collaboration and open access to publications.	1
International business is not immune to science's reproducibility and replicability crisis.	1
We would like to thank Kathrin Thomas and Theresa Kernecker for their helpful comments on previous drafts.	0
In both datasets, Scientometrics occupies the top rank due to its higher fraction of journal self-citations among the top 10 journals listed (0.61 and 0.53 in LIS-7 and LIS-73, respectively).	4
The correlation is clearly positive for all journals with the proportionality constant ranging between 0.01 (journal D) and 0.03 (journal E).	4
Acknowledgements The authors would like to thank the anonymous reviewers and Dr.	0
One sample was composed of journals classified within the subject of zoology, and the other contained journals from different areas published in Brazil.	2
The AWS-based bibliometric metrics make individual weighted research evaluations possible and available for comparison.	5
To identify biotechnology patents, we have used a consolidated classification of IPC classes available from the OECD and EuroStat.	2
The main problem behind the scenes is that the impact factor is used as a proxy for quality.	1
Thus, this research was aimed at determining the scientometric profile of the national academic production of all Peruvian medical schools in Scopus.	1
The SHERPA ROMEO database was used to determine whether self-archiving was formally supported or not.	3
The FoS selected are Data Mining, Computer Network, World Wide Web, Computer Vision, Library Science and Computer Engineering.	2
In 2001, university researchers averaged more papers written than KARI researchers (3.0 versus 2.1 papers written within the past year) and more articles published in foreign journals (2.0 versus 1.0).	4
Specifically, all articles of 13 common publication types (Table 1) of each year between 2000 and 2020 were included in the analysis, journal articles in the first place as the most frequent and primary publication type for the dissemination of original research.	2
Sy, MD, MBA, Division of Adult Neurology, Department of Neurosciences, College of Medicine and Philippine General Hospital, University of the Philippines Manila, Manila, Philippines.	0
Logit(F) = α + β.N + y.Year + d.Uni + o.Subject + τ.Call + v.Rev_Scores	0
Correlations should be interpreted with special care, particularly when few measures with a restricted range of variability are analysed.	0
Overall collaboration increased in the post-ICTS networks, with cross-discipline ties occurring more often than within-discipline ties in grants, but not publications.	4
Publishers publishing biomedical journals were further explored and additional data were collected regarding their volumes, details of publications and editorial-board members.	3
At least one publication for each of these reviewers was located in this way, indicating that those email addresses were legitimately held by those reviewers.	4
The statistical analysis revealed significantly different relationships between the five countries concerning the dominant platforms [x2 (44, n = 94,524) = 8308.694, p < 0.001].	3
490 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—March 2015	0
The AAI of a journal is defined as the percentage of the journal’s articles published by authors affiliated with a base set of high-quality academic universities or institutions.	1
By combining the representative academic journals in the field identified by J?rvelin and Vakkari (2021) and top three quartiles(Q1~Q3) academic journals listed in the JCR2021 (Journal Citation Reports) core journal list, a final list of 14 high-quality representative journals in the field of LIS has been compiled and presented in Table 1.	2
The critical limitation of this study was that this study was conducted only one year after executing plagiarism detection for the research of faculty members applying for promotion in Egyptian universities.	5
A data analysis software tool developed by Thomson Reuters (Thomson Data Analyzer) was used in this study: it conducts statistical and metrological analysis on the document and patent data from the SCI and Derwent databases.	3
We analyse this aspect with a cohort analysis of authors since 1970.	3
retraction may be not the other face of research collaboration.	5
PR is defined as the 98th percentile divided by the median, or: PR = Q.98 / Q.50	3
The model illustrates that the state evolution of research entiti in the knowledge diffusion process of scientific collaboration networks is affected not only by the evo ation states of adjacent research entities with whom they have certain collaboration ratior?hips in knowledge diffusion, but also by the structural attributes and degree distributiors of scier fic collaboration networks.	4
For each award included in a questionnaire, a five-point Likert scale was provided for respondents to choose from: “Negligible” = 0, “Low” = 0.25, “Average” = 0.50, “High” = 0.75, and “Highest” = 1.	3
The spatial interaction model was used to study the spatial, economic, political, and R&D influencing factors of cross-city cooperation.	3
Taking these two journals as an example, we calculated the minimum number of representative papers κ for each of the two journals, according to Eq.	4
An experiment on the papers about Public Administration in the Web of Science is conducted; based on the final results, a deeper investigation is performed into by typical authors.	3
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
By focusing on UNC Charlotte's process and proposing a framework for this work, this article will suggest practical measures for developing and advocating for open access policies at research institutions with more hesitancy and fewer resources that would nevertheless benefit immensely from an expanded culture of openness.	1
Transformational leadership has a significant positive effect on cognitive heterogeneity and innovation performance, but moderating effects did not appear to be seen in the other two relationships.	4
Once data was processed, we selected two scientific subject categories (Cell Biology, and Computer Science Information Systems) in order to estimate their information gain values when comparing with the rest of the subject categories.	2
The most prolific country was the United States (n = 41), followed by Sweden (n = 17) and Switzerland (n = 8).	4
Due to the time-consuming nature of this research, we limited ourselves to two subject areas, Chemistry and Psychology, each with approximately 500 signatories.	2
The weighted contribution of the author to a particular paper wc = 1/p.	3
In economics, RePEc has become an essential source for the spread of knowledge and ranking of individual authors and academic institutions.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0737-8831.htm	0
We conclude by calling for a wider discussion about the assessment of research performance and impact in tourism, hospitality and events.	5
The migration patterns can be summarized as non-migration, dual-migration, and multi-migration.	5
The results of our investigation revealed a significant positive relationship between authors' power of communication and knowledge popularity (t = 8.248, p < .01).	4
The present paper aims at proposing a bibliometric methodology to compare the performance of the different Italian academic fields by considering their own specificities.	1
Analysis of the coronavirus literature was spurred by the availability of the CORD-19 literature dataset (1) and access to PubMed.	2
Analysis shows that in almost all cases, there is a highly significant negative coefficient for the variable “university collaborator”.	4
Forty-nine articles were identified as having accrued zero citations as of March 2021 and were compared with an equivalent number of articles with the highest number of citations published in the same journals and time period.	2
While for SIMILARITY, we find a positive effect on the selection outcome of a proposal, that is, a higher SIMILARITY to emerging research areas significantly in- creases the probability of a proposal the get selected,	4
Innovation, technology, markets and market structure, marketing, and consumers and their preferences are all consistently present.	5
The top 5 most-researched fields were infectious disorders (12%), genodermatosis (10%), hypopigmentation disorders (9.4%), neoplastic disorders (9%), and hair disorders (7%).	4
The paper drain is reinforced by the extensive use of "journal impact indicators”, which do not only measure the level of influence of academic journals, but also assign the journals to different fields of study the so-called “subject categories".	5
For each key Nobel paper, a median of 435 (range 0 to 88383) other Scopus-indexed items were published within one year and were more heavily cited than the Nobel paper.	4
The aim of our study was to use a qualitative approach to explore the potential motivations and drivers for unethical behaviours in biomedicine and determine the role of institutions regarding those issues in a small scientific community setting.	1
The collaboration network among Chinese health law (CHL) authors was relatively small, loose, unstable and early in its development.	4
We ask the question "How did the IF (citation average) of each journal change by incorporation of its most cited paper, which was cited c* times in the IF 2-year time-window?"	3
Arguably, none of these narratives is consistent with the empirical evidence on global science nor sufficient to furnish a cogent explanation of it.	5
Arrows point in the direction of the origin of the cited "foreign" science-base in patented technology	0
The semi-structured style of interviewing allowed the most flexibility for us to follow up on interesting anecdotes and dig deeper into possible topics of interest.	3
Finally, in addition to grasp the development trajectory more precisely, the improved method also enhances the legitimacy of the bibliometric methods which are based on the main path.	5
The survey drew some questions from the Ramirez et al.	3
Our results indicate that the coefficients of the amounts of funding from the public, private, and NFP sectors are all significant and positive in all regressions: the more funded the scientists are, the more articles they publish.	4
We thank Chris Barrett, Tilman B?rgers, Todd Kuethe, James Morley, Larry Samuelson, Joel Sobel for their thoughtful comments and discussion; we thank Sascha Becker and Lionel Page for valuable discussion on a social platform (Twitter: @geo_diverse).	0
It was revealed that TM has close relationships with the six disciplines of BM, MAR, ECO, PD, IS, and IEOR.	4
Received: 23 March 2019 Revised: 23 February 2020 Accepted: 23 April 2020	0
It analyses the research output of full-time academic staff collected from Google Scholar using Harzing's "Publish or Perish" software.	1
Since we aimed to identify factors driving researchers' roles in the AI research community, i.e., being influential/core vs.	3
The data presented are collected from different sources to work out the approximate minimum number of quality journals that can be strengthened using state-of-the-art technology solutions as well as internationally competitive journal editorial, review and publishing procedures.	2
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
A second finding is that there is a hierarchy of citation impacts associated with different funding sources.	5
Regardless of the possible sources of these illegal DOIs in Scopus, the existence of these illegal DOIs demonstrates that the database provider has not done enough to improve the data quality.	5
To some extent, the comprehensive evaluation of the journal's impact from the perspective of multidimensional and multi-indicators is relatively accurate and objective.	5
This paper is dedicated to the memory of Susan Snow-Cotter, who passed away December 2006.	0
Is the international research production of business and management schools influenced by heterogeneity?	1
The ESWA can be considered as a principal hub of cutting-edge research related to computer science and engineering, mainly artificial intelligence.	5
In this article, citations data will be taken from the Web of Knowledge, published by Thomson Reuters, which used to be called the ISI Science Citations Index and Social Science Citations Index.	2
This letter proves the interest of scientists in writing and citing letters to the editor and shows the importance of letters to the editor for worldwide scientific community.	1
The quantitative bibliometric analysis enables us to succinctly overview the field through co-occurrence (i.e., co-citation, co-authorship, and co-keyword) relationships in order to track the dynamics of the field overtime since 1990.	5
To do this, we use three main indicators: the level of activity (in terms of the number of papers or results published), the number of jumps (in terms of results placed on the SOTA) and the efficiency, the latter being the ratio between SOTA jumps and activity per institution.	3
The two databases are linked using the MIT Identification Number: a unique 9-digit numerical value assigned to each MIT affiliate, which persists through changes in affiliation over time.	2
In this context, this article analyzes the structure and pattern of knowledge-sharing activities engaged in by scholars among business disciplines.	1
The top five most studied of them have been determined as "Technology acceptance", "Social networkbased learning", "Teacher education", "Satisfaction of e-learning" and "E-learning".	4
However, whichever approach is chosen, comprehensive reporting and justification of the sources selected are necessary to ensure that the review methods used are transparent and repeatable.	5
Each tick on the y-axis represents 1 unit, with tick labels omitted for clarity.	0
Both external and internal paths drive the transmutation of academic frontiers, and the push effect of the external path is more evident than the internal path.	5
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cshe20	0
We obtained a list of all retracted publications in the Retraction Watch Database [32] from inception to May 2019, courtesy of the Center for Scientific Integrity.	2
After choosing Scopus (http://www.scopus.com) as the search engine, in the second step, all relevant synonyms of the keyword 'Industry 4.0', as well as keywords describing key technologies of Industry 4.0 were used as input for the search query string (Box 1) to start the process of extracting papers (Ahmi et al., 2019).	2
Statistical analysis also revealed a moderate positive correlation (0.559) between the country Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and contribution to KM research.	4
We argue that debates about public research value should recognise that humanities have different (but equally valid) kinds of societal value.	5
Thus, accounting has retained its position as a discipline where publications in top journals seem more difficult to attain relative to other business disciplines.	5
Diana Hicks is a professor and chair of the School of Public Policy, Georgia Tech.	0
This study examines another dimension of research in chemistry, collaboration and co-authorship.	1
Bibliometric factors were mean total number of publications, mean total number of citations, maximum number of citations for a single work, and h-index (a measure of the impact of publications, determined by total number of publications h that had at least h citations each).	3
We searched retracted articles on the PubMed database and Retraction Watch website from 1980 to February 2016.	2
In order to take the productivity into consideration, the selected news platforms are divided into 10 categories, with each category contributing approximately the equal amount of news mentions.	3
UofT also produced the largest number of citations, followed by UBC and Dalhousie University.	4
The results suggest significant positive effects of democratic governance on the formation and strength of international research collaboration and homophily between countries with similar levels of democratic governance.	4
In addition, the most signaled accounting areas in scopes are financial accounting and auditing.	4
Nevertheless, the data suggests that impactful team members are more important than productive team members, and that whilst an impactful first author is a science-wide advantage, an experienced first author is often not.	5
We searched for references with the following keywords combination on GS and WoS: (Cladocera OR Ostracoda OR Copepoda) AND (“resting eggs” OR “egg banks”); and (Cladocera OR Ostracoda OR Copepoda) AND ({resting eggs} OR {egg banks}) to the Scopus database.	3
14GLD009) and the Key Program of National Science Foundation of China (No.	0
Thus, both cited and citing journals could be uniquely assigned to one of the 22 ESI science fields.	2
We identified some relevant findings from the descriptive bibliometric study.	5
Though most of the studies on gender and research publishing focused on productivity, some of them also looked if there exist some discipline preferences for women.	0
The scholars in China have published 1226 papers and rank in the first place.	4
Overall, our data comprises 2,154,296 papers, 10,091,082 citations, and 2194 focus papers, including 1097 disruptive papers and their corresponding control groups.	2
Specifically, the rankings of the 10 scholars did not change unless perturbation radii larger that 0.03 were used.	4
Research in Africa continues to rely heavily on foreign funding coming from a large variety of funders, each with their own agendas and objectives.	5
Correlation between the AAS and the number of citations (through November 2018) was assessed using the Spearman's correlation (rs) test.	3
The distributions of citations at different in-text frequencies and in different locations in the text by these functions were analyzed.	3
Download data were obtained containing the number of downloads and the name of the Internet provider.	3
The publishing stagnation is far to be reached in EU TES as this figure clarifies.	0
Scopus (Hane, 2004; Pickering, 2004) is a more recent but broader database than WoS (Gómez-Crisóstomo, 2011).	2
Drawing on surveys of >120 lecturers and library staff at Technological Universities in Ireland, it evaluates what they know about ORCID, their attitudes and perceptions towards ORCID, and if and how they use it.	2
we measure the diversity of disciplinary knowledge of scientist i using the inverse of the nonbiased Herfindahl Index (HHI) proposed by Hall [82, eq.	3
Country analysis showed that China ranked first with 250 NFM patents between 1988-2011, followed by the US (93) and Japan (63).	4
The bibliometric data from 2009 to 2014 were calculated and transformed into 3-year periods to take into account the time lag in the publication process.	3
Variants that take into account time constraints prove to be especially useful for detecting potential manipulation.	4
Most ED studies (87%), had some form of documentation either on paper or online, however few (9%) had a formal worksheet completed.	4
A corpus of the extended abstracts of initiative projects supported by the Russian Foundations for the Humanities is used as a case study.	2
To explore WoS completeness in extracting data from the “funding text” (FX) field as well as the accuracy of the distribution of these data by FA and GN subfield.	1
Using data from Microsoft Academic Service, we evaluate the merits mainly of PI as a useful tool for scientometric studies.	2
In fact, Hess thanks Menard in the acknowledgements (see Hess 1962, 618).	0
Both concepts can be extended far beyond the limits of the present exercise.	5
All the collected features were normalized to the interval [0.01, 0.99] to ensure the uniformity of the indices' value range.	0
Using these three sources we identified 287 distinct breakthrough publications that were also indexed in the Web of Science.	2
Faculty research productivity: This was measured by the numbers of publications including books, book chapters, conference proceedings, and journal articles published in 2021 (one year) and 2017–2021 (five years).	2
The retrieval was performed on October 13th, 2014, resulting in a final dataset of 6959 papers.	2
And only a cynic would suggest that author promotion and tenure and the academy's need to establish rewards are the prime functions.	0
This conclusion is coherent with our results, namely that strategies targeting diversity, rather than excellence, are likely to be more effective.	5
First, federal agencies and their subsidiaries have made a significant contribution to innovation – especially the four leading agencies of the DoD, HHS, DoE, and NSF.	5
The applications used are VOSviewer 1.6 to visualise the networks and Gephi 0.9.2 to calculate the betweenness centrality.	3
In this Brief Communication, we point out the high accu- racy level of citations, because citations are based on the opinions of a large number of scientists ("Wisdom of Crowds").	1
This paper proposes a novel quantitative analysis framework and process for node importance by fusing multiple features.	1
In contrast, the Weighted Euclidean Index, 1w(x; σ = 2), delivers a scholar ranking more consistent with expectations, as does the Weighted Power Mean Index that uses the o = 1.6 value suggested by Ng (2017).	4
This study analyses the global trends towards paying to perform research by combing observed trends in publishing from 2015 to 2020 with an APC price list.	1
Therefore, the purposes of this study are to explore worldwide research levels in the field of cancer and the social collaboration of researchers and institutions in this field.	1
A simplified conceptual model of cognitive relatedness of publications and topics to Big Data research.	0
The current system of paper mill detection should be regularly monitored and improved.	5
First, H-index, IPP, and SNIP are the most significant metrics in journal quality evaluation.	5
This yielded a dataset of 2.2 million AI papers that are classified into cities.	2
Picking up on Olof Hallonsten's contention that contemporary science evaluation is 'mostly counterproductive', we argue that the contemporary focus on evaluation is antagonistic to innovation or novelty in science, even though innovation is one of the values that evaluation is often supposed to support.	1
This study believes that the source of publication pressure can be traced back to the current scientific reward system.	5
Social network analysis was used to measure relationships between pairs of journals in Progress in Transplantation’s relatedness network.	3
Accordingly, we apply a mixed effect model to analyze the influence of the defined scientific, economic, geopolitical, and economic factors on the international collaboration closeness between countries.	3
The four factors extracted appear to make good sense, representing author groups that can be readily interpreted in terms of their citation impact patterns.	4
This article presents preliminary results of our recent advances at the University of Southampton to integrate ECRs into the current multidisciplinary research environment.	1
The results show the strong growth of CIE throughout time being today one of the leading journals in computer science and industrial engineering.	5
2017 Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Our study revealed differences in how varying academic publishers and journals responded to an influential and powerful metric.	5
In this article, we compare the performance of hierarchical Dirichlet process (HDP), a promising generative probabilistic model, with that of the 2 traditional topic detecting and tracking methods—cocitation analysis and co-word analysis.	1
Normalized Open Access Indicator (NOAI) corrects for disciplinary composition and allows a better comparability of institutions or countries.	1
In this study, “bioinformatics” or “computational biology” or “computational molecular biology” or “biology computational” were used as searching words to extract publications, containing the matching text in titles, abstracts or keywords from 1998 to 2012.	2
However, for non-STEMM disciplines (particularly for HUM arts and humanities, SOC social sciences, ECON economics, econometrics, and finance, or BUS business, management, and accounting), this usage performs dramatically worse.	5
The award recipients were surveyed to obtain information about their demographic characteristics, academic career, and research funding.	2
According to the bibliometric data from 2010 to 2015, the core areas of German educational research are learning and instruction, STEM education, and comparative and vocational education.	4
RQ1 How have scientific mobility patterns, specifically the inbound and outbound movement of researchers, in Taiwanese higher education evolved?	1
These findings suggest that idea dissemination within academia is not meritocratic, even when the assessment of the idea’s quality (transmission probability p) is entirely objective.	5
Only the 192886 publications related to editorials, original articles, or reviews were retained for analysis in this study.	2
To study the evolution of the Turing Award Collaboration Network comprehensively, we collect available DBLP data set in public.	2
Below I describe key negotiations reported by my informants within these themes, as well as some coping strategies (all names are pseudonyms).	0
There was no significant difference between median APC for life sciences, medical, and surgical journals ($4,850 [$3,500– $8,900] vs.	4
It seems likely that researchers should also attempt to generalise their studies as far as possible and to highlight this generality when writing their titles.	5
I have analyzed academic careers using sequence analysis (SA), which enables me to detect and classify overarching sequence patterns based on the timing and order in which elements appear (Gauthier et al.	3
After joining the project, the participating universities increased both their cooperation with each other as well as with foreign universities and research institutions of the Russian Academy of Sciences, especially in the high-quality segment.	4
Much of the research conducted in Africa that can address social and economic challenges on the continent remains invisible when using standard bibliometric databases because these fail to capture research outputs that are in local languages or published in local journals.	1
The articles published in last decade were determined by searching for the 'malnutrition' term on Web of Science indexing database and research platform.	2
Most striking is the number of co-authors for whom we found no publications in the 5 years following retractions.	4
To build a network public opinion event logic graph, pattern matching was used to discover event relationships and extract causal event pairs and sequential event pairs.	3
In this study, we characterized researchers into four types of scholarly impact potential based on their AM variation patterns.	3
Largely, journal-based proceedings papers are cited rather than papers published in book series or volumes and have field impacts corresponding to research articles.	4
For a discussion of some other indirect similarity measures, we refer to an earlier paper (Van Eck & Waltman, 2008).	0
On the one hand, non-parametric correlations are applied between the automatic list of sponsors and the manually reviewed one, including a comparison by thematic area.	3
The number of author affiliations was calculated as 2.57 ± 1.40 (median=2).	4
As shown in Fig 3, a negative correlation coefficient is apparent across cumulative percentiles of the highly cited papers in both disciplines.	4
Analysing references is the most commonly conducted type of analysis in the area of bibliometrics.	3
In order to determine the significant differences between the African respondents and other groups in the measures of publication productivity, we ran an independent t-test.	3
We computed two indicators to evaluate the role of each country within the ERA-LAC co-publication network [5]: (i) the scientific production level, i.e.	3
More recently, Falk and Kilpatrick (2000) defined the concept as “an accumulation of the knowledge and identity resources drawn on by communities-of-common-purpose" [4] (p.	0
In this study, we used the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) to assign index weights for comprehensive impact (CI) and uses this to determine high-impact papers (HIP).	1
We give conditions that characterize these indices, up to the multiplication by a positive constant.	4
The proportion of international collaborations is at an all-time high at 29% between 1990 and 2020.	5
We are very grateful to Charlotta Bj?rk, Aleksi Aaltonen and Patrik Welling for helping out with the tedious work of gathering the data.	0
For our analysis, we used a version with citation numbers created for ArnetMiner by Tang et al.	2
To analyze the structure of the scientific field we performed network analysis based on the similarity matrix implemented in VOSviewer (Van Eck and Waltman, 2010, 2011).	3
Two indicators were chosen to determine yearly dynamics in each field: Category Normalised Citation Impact and percentage of documents in the top 10% most cited papers.	3
The purpose of this study is to report baseline trends in neurosurgery NIH funding between 1993 and 2017, to shed light on potential neurosurgeon-scientist research training trends, and to possibly enhance future residency research training programs.	1
Through the visualization of the feature maps in the embedding space, we see that prediction models have learned some common laws although they are trained by different data.	4
Our contribution lies in the implementation of new measures to evaluate returnee scholar post-return performance.	5
The top-cited OBGYN articles from nonspecialty journals were more frequently cited and had higher levels of evidence.	5
Total Ns differ from the ones reported in Table 1 due to missing values on the entry period variable.	0
This meant the processes of the publishing house for publishing science journals could be analyzed.	0
Almost half of the doctors published the results from their doctoral thesis in Web of Science journals.	4
Our estimates indicate that research expenditure has a positive and statistically significant effect on the quantity of basic knowledge produced in a university.	4
The findings represent that the articles written in English established mostly on art criticism and published in ISI journals are the most probable articles to be cited in the art field.	5
The words in parentheses are to connect the quote with Pyne's findings.	0
AUTHORS’ NOTE: This article was presented at the 1997 annual meeting of the Society for Social Studies of Science in Tucson, Arizona.	0
The main hypothesis in this study is that social dimensions (expenditure in research, investment in tertiary education, researchers, researcher's mobility, scientific collaboration, disciplines patterns) have a correlation with scientific results.	1
To scrape Twitter data, we used the rtweet package for R (Kearney</PERSON>, 2019).	3
The R-index does not satisfy any of the two inequalities in (HM).	4
We have developed a new counting method called modified fractional counting (MFC).	5
6 Characteristics of single-institution publications and inter-institutionally collaborative publications by year	0
There is little evidence of pronounced barriers to entry into laser research.	4
Baseline characteristics were analyzed via the t-test, Mann-Whitney U-test, and chi-square or Fisher's exact test as appropriate.	3
A large number of reviews and monographs points to his inclination for generalization of scientific data.	5
Notably, despite the widely different settings of the various scenarios, our results exhibited narrow variances in future potential carbon storage in Japan.	4
The proximity between disciplines i and j is defined as the minimum of the pairwise conditional probabilities of a country having an advantage (RCA > 1) in one discipline given an advantage in another:	3
OCLC's extended holding statistics were gathered using a custom software to harness book data via ISBN as the handle of primary searches, but a second automatized search was designed for unfound results based on title and first author's surname, as below:	3
Question asked: “The START programme strengthens the negotiating position of the START grantees towards their research institution regarding the shaping of the research conditions."	0
Of 888 DAP, a total of 402 DAP from 147 designers—that were not directly cited but related to their other scholarly works in the aspects of inspirations, materials, techniques, and design processes were identified.	2
While we explore persistent novelty here, the recombination of existing ideas (in the core or periphery) is strikingly similar to the recombination of existing genes within genomes.	5
The first measure gauges the exploration by taking account of only repetition of collaborators, we refer to this measure as the team exploration score or team diversity score.	3
Moreover, many interviewees believe that free-riding behavior can be contagious and that experiencing it can lead to pessimism toward co-authorship.	4
Interestingly, poor writing quality seems to be a far more common reason for rejection (according to editors) than authors think it is.	4
Thus, the study supports the theme that women scientists are less productive than male scientists.	5
This study analyzes the share of articles published in each quartile in the 25 largest research areas indexed by Science Citation Index-Expanded (Web of Science) and their main citation characteristics aiming to enrich the discussion about journal-based evaluation systems and specifically the number and/or the share of publications in Q1.	1
Out of 71,808 in the academic Italian population (see Table 2) (including PhD students, contractors, researchers, and ordinary members) 2,738 academics responded.	2
To these ends, the present work depicts the social organization of publishing in a field.	5
From the comparative aspect, usage per paper of funded papers are always the highest in three groups, and usage per paper overall is in the middle.	4
We obtain reviewers' PRH from the journal eLife, an open-access peer-reviewed journal in life and biomedical sciences.	2
On average, the expertise diversity (1 - keyword overlap) of heterogeneous leaders is larger than that of homogeneous leaders (Fig 5).	4
The main research questions of this study are: ?	1
Here we use an innovative method that was recently proposed to identify translational science in biomedicine (Ke, 2019).	3
Only publications (articles and reviews) indexed in the SCI-EXPANDED, SSCI, and A&HCI were considered; conference proceedings, although supplied by the research units, were not included.	2
This project was performed entirely in the open, via the GitHub repository greenelab/scihub.	0
However, the barycenter method is less discriminatory and suggests more potential evaluators, whereas SAPV and WCS are more precise.	4
In the next figure we have created a co-authorship map based on Scopus bibliographic data.	0
To assess the magnitude of the problem of citations of retracted papers with a particular emphasis on the timing of the retraction in relation to the publication of the citing article, we investigated the citation profile of publications by a research group in the field of osteoporosis with 113 published concerns regarding publication integrity (CRPI), defined as either expressions of concern (7) or retractions (106) (Bolland et al.	1
In addition to the above, we would like to discuss the bibliometrics results using R (Biblioshiny) of author-country collaboration (Table 1) that highlights single-country partnership (SCP) and multi-country partnership (MCP).	0
While F&V are studied worldwide (Table 2), Europe and USA respectively account for 40.6 and 23 % of the F&V corpus.	4
Received October 17, 2011; revised January 24, 2012; accepted January 24, 2012	0
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship,	0
All citations in 2010 and 2011, as documented in Web of Science until May 2012, were included.	2
According to Scopus data, A&H papers accounted for approximately 2.7% of Ukraine's total scholarly output from 2012 to 2021.	4
The Euclidean length of a citation list is “depth relevant”: the metric increases when citations are transferred from less to more cited papers.	1
Robinson in partial fulfilment of the requirements for the degree of Master in Library and Information Studies at University College Dublin.	0
We present results from an interview-based study of 21 North American journal editors from a broad range of academic disciplines.	1
Because of space limitations, the full list of delayed OA journals cannot be provided within this article.	0
This study observed a linear growth of scientific literature in Lassa fever with average annual increase of 15.73% showing non fulfillment of Price' Law of growth.	5
The 6228 publications were downloaded on 2 March 2018 in the form of a tab separator format.	0
The first impression is that there are not significant correlations between these two groups of metrics.	4
Multivariate analyses were performed using the package FactoMineR (Le et al., 2008).	3
For modelling in this study, a single hidden layer ANNs architecture was used, which is shown in Figure 2 (Meradi et al., 2006).	3
In academic communities, as in other highly literate communities, authorship is important.	0
The intervention consisted of exposure of original articles published in JMIR in the TrendMD Network between November 14 and December 14 2016.	3
2008), we demonstrate in this example that not only can citation data be used to assess the dispersion of published work, but also the rate of speed at which it moves by incorporating dates into the modeling exercise.	5
In this way, the high number of citations in the top range not only is taken into account but the evolution of the citation counts of highly cited articles also is incorporated, which means that an increase of the citation count of the publications in the g-core (i.e.	0
Characteristic Scores and Scales (CSS; e.g., Gl?nzel et al.	3
References in the English Wikipedia were extracted from the November 15, 2014 database dump of all articles.	2
The present paper takes advantage of the funding acknowledgements (FA) section included in WoS articles written in English and studies some features of the funded research, such as impact and collaboration.	1
those in Chinese studies, as a research sample to answer the following questions: (a) Which books have greater academic impact or social impact in this study?	1
In a comprehensive search of the PubMed database from the 1940s until 2012, Fang et al.	2
We conclude that the two notions of significance described by being a featured review article and being highly cited are distinct.	5
The international collaboration rate shows an increasing trend for each theme.	4
In chemistry we observe minor differences between East and West before the reunification and a slightly increased similarity thereafter.	4
As a service to our customers we are providing this early version of the manuscript.	0
Some publications were found to make false claims of listing in vetted academic databases.	4
The current presence of Latin American journals in Web of Science and Scopus is analyzed, as the first part of a quality roadmap intended to strengthen regional publications, especially those that have started as institutional publications.	1
We determined open access status using UnpaywallR and Open Data using Oddpub, where we also manually screened publications with potential open data statements.	3
The lottery was used in 8 (6.0%) of 134 applications (official method), 19 (14.2%) applications (simplified, three reviewers) and 23 (17.2%) applications (simplified, two reviewers).	4
The articles (citable items) in SCIE, SSCI and AHCI were initially chosen for this study.	2
M. Zavadsky, a well-known Soviet historian of biology, for his valuable advice and assistance.	0
Amsterdam School of Communications Research (ASCoR), University of Amsterdam, Kloveniersburgwal 48, 1012 CX Amsterdam, The Netherlands	0
They suggest that the new index could truly represent a significant alternative to the many existing h-type indices.	5
One-way sensitivity analysis (OWSA) is used to assess parameter uncertainty in health economic modeling by increasing and decreasing the base case value of each parameter and plotting the impact on the outcome in a tornado chart.	1
To test whether probability of AAS fellowship varies by scientific field after controlling for career scientific impact (assessed as c*), we conducted logistic regression analyses that predicted fellowship from c* and included dummy variables representing scientific fields using the Science-Metrix and National Academy of Science classifications.	3
The nine countries highlighted in a recent report were chosen (Elsevier, 2013) as a reasonable selection: USA; UK; Canada; Italy; Germany; France; China; Japan; Russia.	2
The leading country was US (2681 articles), accounting for 31.59 %, followed distantly by the UK (1194 articles) and AUS (572 articles).	4
Since scispaCy specializes in the vocabularies in biomedicine, we focus on documents within relevant Subject Categories [32].	2
This paper evaluates the Spanish open access (OA hereafter) mandate and its effects on Spanish research from 2014 to 2019.	1
With the exception of the Serenko and Bontis study, BEQ, BAS, and JBE have been consistently found by previous rankings studies and the current project to be the premier business ethics journals.	4
Predatory nursing journals continue to persist, yet fewer may now be in existence.	5
The primary objective of the present study is to provide a tool for comparing research concepts thematically based on an arbitrary indicator.	1
Generally, the results show that the increases have occurred mostly in subject categories, where there is a tendency to employ quantitative research methods, experiments and labor division, which can lead to more specialization (Laband and Tollison 2000; Corley and Sabharwal 2010).	5
Edifix results for the references analysed in this study are available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.	0
To run fact-checkers over formats that preserve text integrity (e.g., HTML, XML-JATS, LaTeX formats) instead of formats that alter text by mixing up form and content (PDF) whenever possible.	5
Despite current statistics showing over 30 research institutes in the country aside the higher institutions of learning (Okoruwa, 2013; National Bureau of Statistics, n.d; Nexus Strategic Partnership Limited, n.d), the low level of research output in comparison to other countries with similar attributes as shown in Table 1 and Table 2 depicts that the country requires tenacious act obviously by the government and other research funders within the country in order to scale up its investment in research.	4
In what follows, an illustrative quotation will be given in the discussion of a specific word sense if that quotation appears to be particularly informative.	0
Open access policies that require authors on campus to deposit scholarly work in a university's institutional repository have become commonplace over the last fifteen years at research-intensive institutions.	5
long duration and a substantial amount of funds, with a number of subsidiaries, enabling features, that affect the way in which the main features can be utilized by the researcher.	5
Lotka added "Thus, according to the inverse square law, the proportion of all contributors who contribute a single item should be just over 60 percent.	0
The metrics employed in the study are modularity, silhouette, betweenness centrality, sigma, and citation burstness (C.	3
Second, we compute metrics such as net exports for the international trade in ideas.	3
We therefore aimed to assess the distribution of grant applications and quantify the academic returns of all NIAA-supported research project grants, excluding undergraduate, doctoral and senior academic grants, awarded since inception.	1
Cita- tions, in the form of cited references, say more about the citing unit than citations about the cited unit.	4
Between January 2000 and December 2020, orthopedics and traumatology residency theses of all centers providing postgraduate education in Turkey were reviewed from the online application of the National Thesis Center of Higher Education Council.	2
The paper is not completed yet and only preliminary findings will be given in this paper.	0
The analysis focuses on developments over the entire 1922-2017 time period, using descriptive statistics to depict trends, in tables and graphs.	3
This study uses an exploratory mixed-methods methodological approach to character- ise the priority research area (PRA) landscape and to compare and evaluate the effective- ness of research prioritisation strategies in veterinary academe using bibliometrics.	3
We explain the prevalence of these values through field-habitus theory with the socio-historical conditions from which FPR in the Global North emerged.	5
Differences in mean IF between groups were analysed by an independent sample t-test using SPSS for Macintosh Version 17.0; a p value of<0.05 was considered significant.	3
The citations counts were collected from Google Scholar, as other sources such as Web of Science and Scopus do not index working papers.	2
It is Butler's contention that the response of universities and their faculty to a funding mechanism based partly on publication numbers "started as soon as the universities knew what was coming - by 1993", whereas van den Besselaar et al.	4
In Google Scholar metrics (2021), we get the h5-index data.	2
The following Table 1 displays the lists utilized to categorize authors' gender.	0
Our results present strong evidence that there indeed exists a very distinct empirical regularity in the bibliometric distribution patterns in the OB and HRM literature.	5
Our study therefore confirms that the verification process can identify predatory publication outlets.	5
Future work is needed to address the limitations and advantages of this approach.	5
The discipline connection in the case of Twitter platform is also analyzed.	0
With respect to Rl education in NTU, Compass e-newsletters were ranked the lowest (p < 0.05).	4
$455 [$365- $573]; p = 0.038), and similar for international readers.	4
The objective of this paper is to conduct a retrospective evaluation of NAJEF since its inception in 1990.	1
From the analysis of the network public opinion event logic graph, we found that the occurrence of many public opinion events could lead to related topics, such as disaster events, emergency rescue, public sentiment, media opinion, and livelihood-related events; this demonstrated the multidirectional nature of the evolution of network public opinion topics in natural disaster events.	5
Eighteen journals that were categorized as predatory journals were scanned to find the number of Arab scholars who published in them.	2
In this study, we are interested in following research questions in the context of seven journals published by PLoS: 1.	1
No patients were involved in setting the research question nor were they involved in the design, implementation and reporting of the study.	0
We did not include normalized rankings in the current study, although we did in fact experiment with some.	0
The authors' names are alphabetically ordered and they contributed equally to this paper.	0
A grant impact score was calculated for each R01 grant.	3
Journals were evaluated using a modified version of the Rohrich and Weinstein checklist.	3
The majority of studies reported a cross-sectional design (COVID: 61.5%, non-COVID: 77.2% and pre-COVID: 77.2%).	4
Appendix A provides title-by-title indexing notes for the 95 journals that are currently still listed in the DOAJ web site.	0
This study aimed to identify and analyze the characteristics of the 50 most cited articles in elbow surgery.	1
This study may help researchers, students, policymakers, and managers build a theory of lodging by identifying collaborating authors who have played critical roles in the academic community surrounding the lodging field.	5
With this study, I add to the body of work that attempts to describe how a dominant group of scientists deal with ‘maverick' or 'crackpot' claims, highlighting the complexity of these attempts.	5
They are calculated as a subtraction of reviews, books, and guidelines, from the total although they lack sufficient publication data.	0
The bias could be intentional or unintentional, conscious or subconscious, reflecting our imperfect human nature.	5
The citation-based performance and coauthorship patterns exhibit a power-law correlation with a scaling exponent of 1.20 ±0.07.	4
The data for this study were obtained from 2 waves of online questionnaire surveys conducted among faculty members in March 2021.	2
Are Twitter users who mention retracted publications informed about the paper status?	1
Findings were analyzed to better understand trends in global research, contributions from Chinese authors, and characterize China's research status and regional differences.	1
All routines are available as supplementary material with running examples and brief instructions.	0
Note that the two lines for p = 1 in figures 3A and 3B are identical because all the resources are distributed by competition, and the values of Nn make no difference.	0
This paper draws attention to the complex nature of science and how hard it is to approach the problem of scientific production without considering its political, social and traditional aspects.	0
All in all, it becomes clear that a full-fledged theory of publication is the still missing prerequisite for further linking bibliometrics and philosophy of science at a large scale.	5
Citation analysis represents an efficient method with which to study the use of information since it does not interfere with the behaviour of the group studied, and allows a far greater level of detail to be obtained in the information than other methods do.	3
we find that flat team structure is associated with higher team impact, especially when teams have high team power level.	4
This article compares the career trajectories and mobility patterns of Nobel Laureates in economics with those of highly cited sociologists to evaluate a theory advanced by Richard Whitley that postulates a nexus between the overall intellectual structure of a discipline and the composition of its elite.	1
Why does the cross-disciplinary field of “development studies” have relatively low "journal impact indicators" in comparison with other mono-disciplinary fields of study?	1
The estimation of the managerial efficiency scores has shown a large variability within countries.	5
According to the results, the universities' scores in Leiden and Nature Index predicted theirs in Quacquarelli Symonds (33.5% and 21.4%, respectively) and Times Higher Education (63.7% and 33.4%, respectively).	4
In this study, the mapping analysis was used to identify the research hotspots and intellectual structure of the related field, with the presentation of visual maps via contents analysis of relevant articles.	3
The study shows that while female lecturers are significantly less represented in the faculty and publish in journals having lower impact factors, their research productivity in terms of number of publications and citation impact are significantly not different from those of their male counterparts.	4
This paper analyzes the relationship among research collaboration, number of documents and number of citations of computer science research activity.	1
Some highly cited articles attracted most of their citations from one section type (Fig.	4
We identified retracted or corrected articles in a corpus of 72,069 articles coming from the Engineering field, from 3 journals (Science, Tumor Biology, Cancer Research) and from 3 authors with many retractions to their credit (Sarkar, Sch?n, Voinnet).	2
We designed a first question RQ1 to investigate what research topics are currently setting the trend in AGR10.	1
Our research approach combines information from four independent sources: (1) business schools' websites; (2) the REF census; (3) publication data; and (4) a large-scale survey.	2
The basis of this article is an assumption that LIS research is suffering from a degree of international isolation and a tendency towards ever weaker cooperation between academics and practitioners.	1
Data on research staff of each university and their SDS classification are extracted from the database on Italian university personnel, maintained by the MIUR.	2
Benrejeb, M. is the most productive author who has published 13 documents in the journal since 2008.	4
This study aims to identify the leading journals over the last 25 years (1990–2014) according to a wide range of bibliometric indicators.	1
In this article, we have explored the availability of various open access publications (gold, green, hybrid, bronze) from selected STEM fields in India and globally and how it has changed over the last decade (2010–2020) using the SCOPUS database.	3
The diverse metrics revealed different aspects on institutions' academic impact.	5
Clear agreements on both output of work targets and the rewards related to those targets appear to be positively related to integrity in the direct work environment.	4
To provide additional data on the state of replication practices in political science, I collected data on the availability of replication files for publications in two leading journals—American Political Science Review (APSR) and American Journal of Political Science (AJPS)—and scholars' attempts to replicate publications.	2
After analysing title, keywords and abstract of these papers, four subareas are identified.	4
We consider the number of citations of publications to evaluate university performance in Russia.	3
In this study we adopt a structural equation modelling approach to estimate different cross lagged panel models.	3
Fourth, Chinese agricultural economics research should focus more on the micro level, and pay more attention to promoting international influence of related achievements.	5
Jay suggested that I read a manual entitled Some Methods for the Statistical Analysis of Samples of Benthic Invertebrates (Elliott, 1977).	0
North African scientists appear to wish to follow the path of technical modernisation, while SSA scientists are locked into dealing with its excessive burden of infectious diseases.	4
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at Southern Illinois University Carbondale on June 3, 2015	0
However, the constant inflation of collaboration since 1900 has resulted in diminishing citation returns: Larger and more diverse (in terms of institutional and country affiliation) teams are necessary to realize higher impact.	4
2c shows that the jump distance distribution is compatible with a power-law functional form, with a cut-off at large distances due to the finite size of the space, differing significantly from a diffusive process.	4
Trends in output over time were measured using non-parametric tests.	3
Figure 2 shows the proportion of books reviewed from authors belonging to the same country as the books’ topic, by discipline.	4
How do the editors and editorial board members of prestigious academic tourism journals define and recognise an original contribution to knowledge?	1
We begin by ranking departments based on the entire lifetime of work of their constituent OM faculty (Table 4).	4
In sum, the story of IJHCS is one of amazing vision, sustained excellence, and great success.	5
Therefore, our method of structural topic modelling combined with a cosine similarity-based regression framework offers potential, generally, for applications in scientometrics and higher education research.	5
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
Instead of investigating empirical cases of (potential) misconduct, we focused on a philosophical analysis of both research areas.	2
We use this provisional model to guide semi-structured interview themes, deriving data from 60 US academic researchers, selected from a range of scientific and engineering disciplines as well as one social sciences discipline (economics).	2
Our study reiterates previously reported researcher concerns toward the adoption of open science practices, and uncovers fresh nuance.	5
One test (Ijiri & Simon, 1974) uses the regression model In S?	3
If so, how can a journal have several quality levels at the same time?	0
Brazil leads the Top 50 with almost 45% of the universities.	4
We rely on a survey of academics active either in Germany, Japan, or the UK to test these hypotheses.	2
As teams become the basic unit in science discovery, our empirical study reveals a new aspect of mining collaboration patterns, which is based on collaborative behaviors of different teams.	5
More specifically, we calculated four network structure variables that are “betweenness centrality”, “degree centrality”, “eigenvector centrality”, and “clustering coefficient” and assessed their impact on funding.	3
This method only identifies articles in which the word 'dengue' appears on the 'front page' – that is, the article title, abstract or author keywords.	3
In addition, the accuracy of integrating title, abstract, writing style and metadata up to 0.89, which outperforms methods that take single information as input.	4
A total of 1 547 publications with at least one author from Brunei in the SCI- EXPANDED was found within 11 document types indexed in the Web of Science.	4
Regarding this need, the first purpose of this study is to classify universities in Turkey on the basis of institutional size and performance.	1
The second phase trained the model for best predictions by applying the gradient-boosting model (Friedman 1999), a machine-learning technique for regression and classification problems.	3
Strategies to support dermatologists in research endeavours, particularly women and recent graduates, will be essential in maintaining strong scholarly output among Australasian dermatologists and thereby sustaining optimal evidence-based patient care.	5
I repeated the identification process with BMC Public Health, searching article titles chronologically backwards from 2021 until I had identified an additional 18 suitable pairs for a final sample size of 40.	2
(3) What challenges experts face in unmaking e-waste?	1
The reason may be that each author can collaborate with a limited number of scholars, so the scholars in the Turing Award Collaboration Network cannot be “preferential attachment” freely as the scale-free network.	4
Keywords such as 'growth', 'inference' and 'institutions' have above average citation performance in all adjustments.	4
Thus, with a two- year survey, we described a sample of research misconduct in Iran, its causes and how the Iranian government dealt with it through legislation.	1
Single-authored sources constituted 63.2 percent of the cited works, while 36.8 percent had multiple authors.	4
All journals in this category housed extensive guidelines and policies addressing author or reviewer misconduct, but except for Taylor & Francis and Emerald's brief directions on steps to take when there are allegations of editorial misconduct, no independent documentation addressing editorial misconduct in detail was found.	4
VOSviewer (1.6.18) was used to perform and visualize co-authorship analysis and co-occurrence analysis.	3
The average h-index for all social work researchers in the sample was 6.39 (Scopus) and 12.5 (Google Scholar).	4
The subject matter of study will include tangible and intangible cultural heritage, as well as natural heritage.	1
It shows, unsurprisingly, that there are two major groups of disciplines.14 They are labeled as Cluster 1 and Cluster 2.	4
The range of years for the cited references is 1843-2013.	4
We find that the China bias is much more prevalent in the sample of preprints with less technical abstracts.	4
Our mobility data is extracted precisely from biographical records, rather than inferred from affiliation information in papers or patents (e.g.	2
The data obtained in Spain vary from those previously observed in other European countries in the evaluation of the publication factors.	5
From an analysis of the experimental and statistical results, it can be found that the impact factor of a journal is affected by many variables and latent factors, including the discipline field of the journal, the average number of references per journal, and the peer review time of the journal.	5
Thus it can be concluded that during year 2005–2010 scientometrics has good number of established themes and new themes had emerged due to dynamic nature of the subjects.	5
For this simulation, we used citations as a proxy for how each scientist might distribute funds in the proposed system.	2
F, individual fellowships; K, individual career development awards; T, institutional training grants.	0
Although the OA movement is still in its infancy, digital technologies and open approaches to copyright licensing have the potential to reshape global landscapes of communication of scholarly knowledge.	5
We processed and analyzed the downloaded data using Unix-based scripting languages such as sed and awk, and the R language.	3
At the global level, institutional cooperation was more frequent than international cooperation in this disciplinary research.	5
Then, we statistically estimate the size and statistical significance of the relationship between the publication-level technological emergence score and the normalized number of citations accruing to the publication.	3
Through our bibliometric analysis of 30 years of NHLBI-supported obesity publications, we found that obesity publications increased at a faster rate compared to all NHLBI-funded publications.	5
The relationship between the IABC and the author order shows how much an author may have influenced the theoretical and methodological construction of the research, even if they did not participate in the writing process.	5
The main objective is to know where ECRs publish their research and how they integrate their understanding of the publication ethics in the publication process from journal selection to dissemination or sharing.	1
The average documents per year (ADY) is an absolute indicator that represents the average number of documents published inside a time frame for a specific topic.	3
As part of their participation in the competitive peer-review process, manuscript submitters have a right to move through the review process without excessive delay.	4
The aim of this study was to simulate the Expected Value of Sample Information (EVSI) from a manufacturer's perspective and study the factors affecting the EVSI.	1
The distribution of cited journals was analyzed by applying Bradford's Law of Scattering.	3
What is the degree of coupling of the two?	1
The R-index is the square root of the sum of the number of articles published during the core years.	3
Areas of research priority in India and China in 1971-1985 and 1986-2000	0
The aim of this paper is to discuss the current research assessment exercise, collecting and organizing some critical arguments directed to the previous exercise and developing other arguments in detail.	1
Specifically, we investigated the appropriateness of citations used in polar sciences, and which factors help explain the appropriateness of citations.	1
This part of the study presents a broad view of disciplinary differences between counts of traditional and Web-extracted citations.	0
Another major conclusion was that the relationship between altmetric and citation indicators was clear but weak.	5
This study suggests the need for, and provides the foundations for, a more comprehensive study of the research literature in immunology.	5
Both departments used POCUS in roughly half of patients presenting in shock (53% ED, 41% ICU) with no statistical difference in usage (A12, 95% CI -0.01 to 0.25; p = 0.06).	4
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Austria, Germany, Poland, Sweden, and Switzerland, we observe a substantial increase in the share project funding, while this share decreased in Denmark.	4
Our objective is to shed light on the state of ethics in trading through a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of 3010 research articles published between 1976 and 2022, drawing data from the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS).	1
Does the average citation impact of collaboratively produced articles vary with the country of the collaborators?	1
To keep the model as simple as possible, we treat the scientific impact of a publication as a binary variable.	3
However, there is a 25 % that remains unexplained (coefficients), meaning that it is not the result of academic characteristics (unobservable characteristics and if women and men were alike).	4
First, how are references distributed within the text and its different sections?	1
Ceteris paribus, no links (at any distance) to any members of any boards in the co-authorship network (Not connected to editors) is associated with a lower chance of being an editor.	4
It was indexed in Index Medicus between 1965 and 1982 until the last volume, Volume 13 [4].	4
One limitation is that Scopus is not expected to contain all important scholarly literature, which necessarily underestimates the true amount of citations among a set of journals-compared with biomedical-related disciplines, social science and humanities may still have an inequitable visibility in Scopus.	0
We launched medlineR to match the records obtained from the search performed in Medline/PubMed with those listed in WoS Medline and then in the core interface of WoS.	4
Although the main interest of this research lies in determining the influence of author gender on citation, we extracted several other potential drivers of citation from each article using a content analysis method.	3
We identified 13 evidence-based characteristics by which predatory journals may potentially be distinguished from presumed legitimate journals.	5
The next step, before doing the analysis, is the period creation phase.	3
Combining the interview data and Max Weber's theory of authority, we try to demonstrate the existence of four different and sometimes incompatible notions of quality in the humanities: administrative; individual; semi-administrative, semi-individual; moderate individual.	1
Moreover, we found that, currently, funding data in PubMed is more difficult to obtain and analyze compared with that in the other two databases.	5
First, the disciplinary interaction network is constructed through disciplinary co-occurrence to detect the characteristics of interaction structure among different disciplines.	3
We can see strong evidence for the significance of positive effects for the journals in Biology, Medicine, and Science, where open access effect leads to an average score increase of 0.400, 0.191, and 0.105 respectively.	4
In order to test our mechanism we have applied these 10 criteria in 60 journals of PCB and calculate journal score.	2
The citation numbers found in this study were lower than those reported for the worldwide orthopaedic literature.	4
Rather than becoming an integral part of learning research, the support of network technologies for learning has grown into a research stream which is separate from traditional research areas such as formal and informal learning.	4
We want to contrast between the publication profiles with and without CIBER contributions, focusing the study in two disciplines.	1
Specifically, we analyzed the whole delay between the publication dates of the cited journal papers and the dates the associated patents issued.	1
Result: among the 107,559 research articles found in the field of nursing, 3,976 of them were written based on the keywords pain and nursing, and were considered in conformity with the scope of this study.	2
In 2004, Genomics becomes the most important citing journal in its field for the first time.	4
We found no evidence of editor bias against papers from China; however, reviewer recommendation for papers from China had a greater degree of agreement than did reviewers of papers from English-speaking countries (e.g.	4
We performed an ANCOVA in which the RAS and the Promotion Policy were the independent variables and Frustration Speed, Skill Parameter and Level Of Resources were covariants.	3
The reviewer commented accurately and productively upon the quality of the author's interpretation of the data, including acknowledgment of its limitations.	0
The final data after cleaning contained 9,954 documents.	2
Because a journal's decision depends on the opinion of only an editor and a few referees chosen by the editor, there is a great deal of latitude for gratuitous decisions.	0
This study employs reference publication year spectroscopy (RPYS) [2] to achieve this goal.	3
All data are extracted from the PubMed database and taken from the period 1965–2011.	2
Measures of descriptive statistics (frequency, percentage, mean, standard deviation (SD), median and range) were used according to variables type.	3
Faculties’ roles in managing and promoting research, however, appear to be very vague.	4
The results show that personal factors such as personal use of ICT and organisational factors such as job satisfaction, university policy, IT funding, international collaboration and the level of ICT use in the university have positive effects on scientific research productivity among academic staff at Saudi universities.	4
Europe is prominent in the sub-field and published 56% of the world total, with the UK the most productive and publishing more than France and Italy, the next two countries, combined.	4
To demonstrate this finding we conducted a complementary study using a different data source (Journal Citation Reports), metric (aggregate cited half-life), time spam (2003-2013), and set of categories (53 Social Science subject categories and 167 Science subject categories).	1
The entire 11 years has been a real honor and privilege, and also a thoroughly enjoyable experience.	0
The data included the national proportions of papers (articles and reviews published in 2006 and 2010) belonging to the top 1% (PPtop 1%) and top 10 % (PPtop10%).	2
Lastly, there was only a weak correlation (0.1≤Tau≤0.35) between the citations counts of individual journals in the guidelines and their respective JIFs despite guideline subject.	4
The median h-index of all editors was 20 (interquartile range [IQR], 19) using GS and 15 (IQR, 15) using WoS.	4
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 682 times since 2006*	0
This paper presents a structured discussion of the VQR 2011-2014, collecting and organizing some critical arguments so far emerged, and developing them in detail.	1
These findings provide clarity on the opportunities of new scholars entering the academic community, with implications for academic policymaking.	5
The population of potential submissions is normalized to have a mass of 1.	2
As it can be observed, the density of the networks decreases over time as the number of new keywords added outnumbers the growth of the links between the existing and the new ones.	4
We restricted the publication years of the cited references to the period between 1800 and 2022.	2
This paper contains the analysis of the results of the questions regarding the barriers and facilitating factors.	0
The fourth standard was adopted mainly for pragmatic reasons, since we encountered substantial difficulty gathering detailed information for journals that were published solely in languages other than English.	0
Later, Descriptive Statistics, ANOVA, T-test, and Chi-Square tests were applied to ascertain the significance of the results.	3
The professional decision-making in research (PDR) measure was administered to 400 National Institutes of Health (NIH)- funded and industry-funded investigators, along with measures of cynicism, moral disengagement, compliance disengagement, impulsivity, work stressors, knowledge of responsible conduct of research (RCR), and socially desirable response tendencies.	2
The study analyses contributions to Library and Information Science (LIS) by researchers representing various disciplines.	1
In this context, the possibility and value of sharing open access (OA) online manuscripts in their preprint form seem to be growing in many scientific fields.	1
This practice, however sensible it might have been, is not scalable in today’s science except maybe for some smaller funding agencies.	0
Because of differences in survey methods over time, we focus here on the four years of data collected with consistent methods prior to the COVID-19 pandemic (2015–16 through 2018–19).	2
What are the factors that hinder or support publishing interdisciplinary research?	1
As expected, there are clear differences between papers tagged (or not tagged) as "new finding" among postdocs, PhDs and professors in particular.	4
The communication flow has been largely one way.	4
analyzed at first, last, and corresponding author levels separately.	2
Our results are encouraging since the alt-index and h-index examine quite different types of impact.	5
The data consists of every third subject in each broad Scopus category, giving a wide sample of subject areas encompassing most of academia.	2
We provided a video MP4 with a link at the reference (Chien, 2020a).	3
Three of them—Journal of Higher Education (JHE), Research in Higher Education (ResHE) and Review of Higher Education (RevHE)—are published in the United States.	2
2 Which other standard sections generate the most citations for articles that are cited in each of the six standard sections, in each broad field?	1
This paper aims to understand individual academics' perceptions of, attitudes towards and participation in OA and open scholarship and revisit some principles and model designs of openness in academic publishing from the perspective of creative end-users.	1
In order to clearly differentiate themselves from predatory journals, it is not enough for journals from small research communities to operate on non-commercial bases, but also to have transparent editorial policies.	5
A topic Top(C) is called a close in G[t1+t,t2+t] if there is no path in G[t1+t,t2+t] from a content-similar topic in the future of t to Top(C) ({P((t, k), (p, l))\t < p < 12 + τ} = ?).	3
It is defined in this research that a sleeping beauty in science is an article cited less than 2.5 times on average per year (depth of sleep) in continuous eight years or longer (length of sleep), and no less than 20 times in the four years (awake intensity) following the sleeping period, furthermore, the value of annual citations in awakening period must be at least four times that in sleeping period.	3
Later, data was exported to Excel 2013 for carrying out the bibliometric analysis focused on productivity and collaboration aspects (LóPEZ LóPEZ, 1996).	3
The structure properties of the networks are measured by three indicators: number of network nodes, network density, and network centralization.	3
To match data collected from Medline/PubMed with WoS data by using medlineR, the user has to follow a number of steps that are listed below.	3
Globally, respondents overwhelmingly saw very strong institutional support for publications in top-tier journals, with other impactful activities such as scholarly books, research grants, and articles in practitioner-oriented publications, receiving far less support.	4
Timeline analysis is used to examine the trends in hot topics, and burst keyword analysis is used to track the research frontier.	3
We find that in the beginning stage, that is, from zero to one citation, high-, medium-, and low-cited publications do not obviously exhibit different lengths of time.	4
a Departments have history Panel member in assessment of the same year	0
Zero-order correlations were computed between the USN&WR ratings and program aggregate means for the six SP indicators.	3
in a published supplement with each paper, Sauermann & Haeussler, 2017), we will make substantial progress in our discipline towards accountability and overcoming the perception that the significance of co-author contributions is inversely related to number of authors.	5
The importance of the h-index in high-stakes decisions was raised in 14 (45%) videos.	4
The datasets generated during and/or analyzed during the current study are available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.	0
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
The findings of the study revealed that in this type of searching, using simple queries, Google performs best in all aspects.	5
On the one hand, this would confirm that social simulation is not yet recognised in the social science mainstream.	5
Publication and citation data were retrieved from the Web of Science (WoS) including the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) and the Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI), which annually indexes documents published in about 12,000 journals, covering all areas of research.	2
Abstracts are excluded but book reviews or brief reports are not.	0
Table 1 Name variations and number of papers linked to a department from the University of Granada	0
This finding suggests that explaining the gender citation gap requires going beyond quality of research and gender-based bias in research evaluation and citing behaviors (Lynn et al., 2019; Thelwall, 2020a, 2020b; Thelwall & Sud, 2020).	5
The results also revealed that Saudi Arabia, Iran, and Turkey are the leaders in producing scientific research among the OIC member countries.	5
The data presented here show that the intersection between the lists of programs ranked in the first quartile by two independent referees is 34% ± 28% (95% confidence level), while this is consistent (within the noise) with a purely random process in the central quartiles (25%).	5
Our primary source is the citation data of the Web of Science (WoS).	2
Received 18 December 2006; accepted in revised form 20 December 2007	0
All code that was used to perform the analyses and to construct the figures is available on the Harvard Dataverse at https://doi.org/10.7910/DVN/WCOINR.	0
The USA has the highest incidence of citation to the majority of the chemical databases studied.	4
Our study provides evidence, albeit limited to the case of a single journal, that the peer review process may constitute a form of knowledge production and is not the simple correction of errors contained in submitted papers.	5
Publication and citation data were obtained from the online version of the ISI Web of Science: SSCI.	2
The mean value—and so our estimate—for b is in this case bigger than in the case of Mathematics.	4
Our work demonstrates the predictability of scientific impact, and can help researchers to effectively leverage their scholarly position of “standing on the shoulders of giants.”	5
This study considers multi-class tasks for citation sentiments on imbalanced data and presents a novel framework for sentiment analysis in in-text citations of research articles.	1
We operationally define broad knowledge contributions (hereafter, breadth) as the extent to which publications bridge or pertain to multiple knowledge domains: the greater the number of and distinction between domains, the greater the breadth.	3
In the present study, we systematically analyzed the medical research output on diabetes in South Asia.	1
It is, therefore, why RWIF, which is more meaningful than WIF, has been used for the selected websites: to better measure the scientific utility of the university websites in Pakistan.	5
THIS ARTICLE PRESENTS a large-scale automated analysis of gender trends in the authorship of Computer Science literature.	1
In the discipline of communication, bibliometric analyses and prolific author lists are generated to acknowledge those scholars who publish heavily.	5
First, disciplines appear to become less important over time.	4
On the other hand, 177,739 male authored papers are authored by 82,060, with per capita output for male authors being 2.17.	4
The Internet search, conducted on August 18, 2015 and updated October 12, 2016, identified 28 editorial board members from JBJS, 26 from Sports Medicine, 60 from BJSM, 91 from AJSM, 63 from Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise, 28 from the Bone & Joint Journal, 64 from Arthroscopy, and 90 from KSSTA.	2
It is the primary motivation behind this study, which aims to investigate the reasons for retraction of editorial articles in the biomedical literature.	1
Based on the AAN data set with some fake citations added, we demonstrate that WCCMR is more robust than the others.	5
Universities in the U.S. were targeted, and the universities chosen as targets are those which were in the top 50 in all three disciplines (chemistry, mathematics, and physics) according to the 2016 US News & World Report ranking by subject.	2
Received (in Montpellier, France) 30th April 2015, Accepted 28th August 2015	0
To investigate the usage of green OA and to analyze the routines applied by authors and readers, an interview study was conducted with 20 interviewees.	2
Data are from the Web of Science and refer to the number of citations each of the top 1% of articles in DB received since 1979.	2
A list of faculty members is also used as a source for adding additional metadata, e.g.	2
At the end of a review process, a staff editor makes the decision to accept or reject a manuscript for publication on the basis of the requested reviews and on their own evaluations.	0
Overall, MTCIC significantly improved classification performance on key indicators, with macro F1 21.18% higher on ACL-ARC and 5.94% higher on Scicite than Jurgens et al.	4
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
We also thank Vascular Biology and Hypertension Branch staff for helpful suggestions and discussions during this study.	0
Specifically in the humanities collaborative authorship has been frowned upon in favour of the individual author.	0
F is a distance measure, therefore, the smaller the value the more similar are the rankings of the compared search engines.	0
1 is a histogram of numbers of citations for the Prize-winner, Officer, and Random groups.	0
Investigating the impact of interdisciplinarity of scientific papers on the durability of their citation diffusion is of significant importance.	1
Study carried out at Faculdade de Ciências Médicas da Universidade Estadual de Campinas, Campinas, SP, Brazil.	0
In order to avoid autocorrelation bias, social network analysis use an alternative procedure known as the permutations test or Hubert's test (Wasserman and Faust, 1994).	3
Authors were mainly based in HICs (84%), especially in the USA.	4
Finally, we conclude that the academic incentive and reward system has to open up for inter- and transdisciplinarity.	5
Repeating the regression analysis while stratifying the articles by journal yielded similar results (data not shown).	0
Hence, lowly cited publications are given a negative weight in our modified HCP index.	3
Information sources searched included Open Researcher and Contributor ID (ORCID), Scopus, SciVal, Google Scholar, ResearchGate, LinkedIn and PubMed.	2
Weighted citation network (SPC weighted) thus obtained is shown in Fig.	0
Our results provides evidence that ANVUR classification can be a useful tool both for research evaluation at the national level and for scholars in orders to orient themselves in the highly complex market of scientific publishing: ANVUR classification is usually quite robust with respect to peer evaluation of articles and shows a close relationship with the Scopus Classification and with the disciplinary classifications available in WoS; on the other hand, it shows a weaker relation with another list that is commonly referred to in the literature, ERIH plus.	5
Nonetheless, between 1990-1994 and 2015-2018 the number of ties (i.e.	4
The h-index, document number, and citation number for each neurosurgeon were collected using the Scopus algorithm.	3
Frequency distribution of productivity of all authors in mathematical logic in terms of the number of special areas dealt with	0
Of 4,961 author records with multiple affiliations, we were unable to validate 38% of the affiliations to a Chilean university by checking the institutional websites.	4
The respondents for this study came from two higher education institutions and seven research institutes in the province of KwaZulu-Natal in South Africa.	2
Complementing this literature, the paper allows for a more general understanding of ‘professor’ as a focal academic subject position.	5
The outcome and its implications for service delivery are then analysed.	0
The results show that Microsoft is a good source of citation data with results broadly comparable to those of Scopus.	5
Received: 3 November 2021 / Accepted: 16 January 2022 / Published online: 11 February 2022	0
The aim of this paper is to expect further reduction in non-rational thinking in scientific controversy, and thus reduce resistance to real discoveries and the psychological distress that discoverers might suffer.	5
It is not, therefore, so much an indication of research output as of scholarship.	0
The results obtained through the proposed approach for the tested example scenario are quite promising compared to baseline approaches.	4
Our analysis of the final reports from FIS researchers at the end of their contracts showed that an average of 0.3 patent applications were filed per capita, and an average of 0.1 patents per capita were awarded (Table IV).	4
Hence we can conclude that the general research direction of core authors in Chinese IS is concentrated and their impact scale is broad.	5
2 - Growth of literature related to eye neoplasms (annual number and total number).	0
The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
To answer this question, we analyzed in this paper bibliometric records of scientific journal publications and patents related to graphene.	1
The authors also acknowledge support from the Natural Science Foundation of Jiangsu Province (Grant No.	0
Overall, we found no significant effect of K awards on improving the likelihood of second independent awards.	4
a Department of Economics, University of Nebraska at Omaha, Omaha, NE (USA)	0
Those who search for guidance online are most likely to land at one of these three sources: “Self Plagiarism” on the website of the Office of Research Integrity at the U.S.	2
The Glanzel and Schubert (2003) classification comprising 15 broad areas called fields (12 in experimental science/medicine/engineering and 3 in social science and humanities) and their respective sub-fields, was used as a basis.	3
In this note the aim is to present further results concerning the stochastic model.	1
Venture philanthropists deviate from traditional giving strategies by their preference to invest rather than contribute, take an active role in designing the research project, maintain active collaborative relationships with researchers, and their use of benchmarks as a condition for additional funding.	4
To compare the predictive power of the Q model and the IQ, IQ-2 and IQ-3 models on the empirical data, we employ Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) data [16] as our dataset.	2
Factors such as general reputation of school, size of graduating body, personal loyalties to alma maters and personal experiences all potentially bias results.	0
Hypothesis 3: Globalization moderates the democracy-science relationship among countries in the international system.	1
Received 19 December 2022; Received in revised form 11 October 2023; Accepted 7 November 2023	0
We focused this assessment on 14 elements within four broad categories: (1) topical shaping of science, (2) distribution of funds, (3) application and review procedures, and (4) incentives for funding and diversity.	1
The epistemic effects were of three kinds: extension and integration of knowledge and epistemic risk taking or venturing.	4
To quantify the errors of selection committed by institutions in their submissions to the VQR (UDAs 1–9 only) we conduct case studies of three universities: one each from south, central and northern Italy.	1
One of the limitations of this study is that scientific publications might be cited before officially published, due to the increasingly heavier use of preprint repositories, which is not considered in this article, but can be a future topic to explore.	5
The results of the expanded coverage analysis suggest that the increasing coverage trend lines in A&HCI are similar for the University of Vienna, the Humboldt University of Berlin, and the University of Zurich (see Fig.	4
We employed a 2 × 2 mixed factorial design with the author type as the within-participants factor (human vs.	3
In term of countries/territories, China is in the first position of the list which indicates that it has the most papers that cited TFS publications.	4
The search was conducted on 23rd December 2015, in the database Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection (Thomas Reuters, USA), using the search string: "Computers in Human Behavior" in the Publication Name field for the period 1991 till 2015 (inclusive).	2
Indicators solely provided by Scopus, such as the SCImago Journal Rank (SJR) and the Source Normalized Impact per Paper (SNIP), were used to compare the relevant journals.	3
The identified short "half-life” of textbook eminence does not necessarily imply a replacement of older elites by younger researchers.	4
The term map was constructed based on the co-occurrence frequencies of these terms to cluster the main topics in this field.	3
The raw dataset we start with includes 1,450,605 papers with 2,787,833 authorships published from 1665–2011.	2
Israeli, and Turkish forestry research during the period 2005–2019 from the WoS database.	2
2 shows two additional examples involving different true associations between variables with a common structural relation determined by the order restriction Y≤X, with X also bounded on [0,T].	0
Understanding the structure of a scientific domain and extracting specific information from it is laborious.	1
The reliability of the three questionnaires was determined with Cronbach’s Alpha Coefficient (x), formulated by Lee J.	3
Received: 19 March 2020 / Accepted: 6 May 2020/Published online: 16 May 2020	0
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial, or not-for profit sectors.	0
Scope similarity (×1) is the second most important factor in the selection decision (%33).	4
The purpose of the present study was (a) to test the predictive power of the overall MELIBEA score for mandate effectiveness, as reflected in deposit rate and deposit timing, (b) to test individually the association of each of the conditions with deposit rate and timing, and (c) to transform the initial values and weights of the MELIBEA formula to reflect the empirical association we had found, the score's predictive power for mandate effectiveness doubled (0.36).	1
Anticancer drug research references published from 2000 to 2014 were used.	2
The larger AUC value is, the better the classification performance of the model is.	0
We also calculated the Pearson correlation to determine their relationship with the most heavily-weighted indicators in the set of Communication studies journals, the similarity between indicators, and how these similarities group the indicators through multidimensional scaling.	3
In this work, we have tested the Ogmios scraping API with ResearchGate, Google Scholar, WoK, Scopus and ORCID.	2
This also underlines that, whatever set of criteria is deemed preferable, only changing criteria without changing assessment practices accordingly is meaningless.	5
And what is interesting are the proportions between the various categories.	0
Received 07 July 2011; accepted 12 December 2011; advance online publication 7 March 2012.	0
For the purpose of testing the follow-score indicator, we used the Web of Science (WoS) to source publication and citation metadata grouped under the "Information Science & Library Science" category between the years 2008 to 2018 inclusive.	2
In the rare events when journal issue date was not available it was calculated by using the known journal issue frequency.	0
See Online Appendix D for a list of the top 100 journals.	0
The SPT is composed of two professional editors who manage editing requests sent to external companies while also providing one-on-one in-house editing services.	3
Similarly, a set of 50 journals produced about 13% of all references that contributed to the 5-year JIF.	4
Forty-six journals (15%) were listed on a blacklist and 152 journals (49%) were listed on a whitelist.	4
I analysed the bibliometric design of each individual study using a scheme of 37 coding questions (S1 Appendix) in the following ten topical areas: (1) meta- information regarding the individual study, (2) the professional framework, (3) the object of evaluation, (4) the citation databases, (5) quality enhancement of the bibliometric raw data, (6) sampling strategy and data collection, (7) research fields under evaluation, (8) definition of citation data, (9) citation impact indicators, and (10) utilized statistical methods.	3
2 These four types of HEIs are often discussed in academic research though there are other types of HEIs such as online institutions (15 institutions), technical institution (one institution), and others (four institutions) in Korea.	0
We explore whether reward efficacy varies across scientists depending on their gender, academic rank, research productivity, and type of institution to which they are affiliated.	1
We felt that a good place to start would be a quite simple analytical distinction in crediting errors, excluding the deserving vs.	3
Our study shows that these bibliographic characteristics may provide highly relevant information that can enrich any analysis of the role played by different participants in scientific publications and of the interactions established in collaborative research work.	5
Espeland and Sauder, 2007, 2009, 2016; Espeland and Stevens, 1998; Espeland and Yung, 2009, 2019; Sauder and Espeland, 2009) – and by complementing it with cognitive perspectives on university rankings that draw on George Lakoff and Mark Johnson's (1999, 2003) conceptual theory of metaphor, and the concepts of cognitive artifact (e.g.	3
The top subjects of these articles (and their frequencies) included infectious disease (12), resuscitation (11), anesthesia (10), and toxicology (9).	4
The scientists from Lublin published about 1300 papers indexed in WoS? in 2007 and about 2400 in 2016, and the number of papers increased linearly over the above period.	4
This paper describes a new scientometric open-source tool called ScientoPy.	5
However, the high-energy physics community as a whole questions the ongoing function of the blog.	5
This research used a 4-time-period collaboration and personal acknowledgments analysis to explore the tardigrade literature over the years 1980–2023 (June).	5
The interviews averaged about 90 minutes in length; they were taped and completely transcribed.	0
Instead, we compared characteristics of AJTI articles between the two periods, first and second five years, in order to explore the evolution of the journal.	3
The median h-index values were 7, 17, and 39 for assistant, associate, and full professors, respectively.	4
Presented in part at the annual meeting of the American College of Clinical Pharmacy, Washington, D.C., August 6-9, 1995.	0
This article discusses low-profile misconducts, which are the difficult-to-identify research misdemeanors, in management research.	1
Hot topic analysis indicated that future research on river water quality will likely focus on eutrophication such as monitoring, evaluation, simulation and prediction of nutrients (e.g.	5
For products subject to bibliometric evaluation, the judgments (A, B, C, D) are determined by a combination of two different indicators: a first indicator, named Ir, linked to the impact factor of the publishing journal (for those indexed in the WoS) or to the SCImago Journal Rank (for those indexed in Scopus); a second, named Ic, linked to the number of citations received by the article as of 31 December 2011.	3
PubMed database, involving PubMed Clinical Queries was searched to identify retracted articles using the following keywords: (Diagnosis/Broad[filter]) AND ((diagnostic or diagnosis) and (imaging or radiology)) AND ((Retracted Publication[sb] OR Retraction of Publication [sb]) AND Humans[Mesh] AND English[lang])).	2
The following bibliometric measures were calculated for this study: years, citations, h-index, m-index, h?-annual, g-index, age weighted citation rate (AWCR), AW-index, and ResearchGate (RG) score.	3
In the 2004–2014 period, the influential papers published in EE on the three themes related to ecosystem services (payment for, valuation, and categorization) received the largest number of citations (12.6%, 10.1%, and 10%, respectively, 32.7% altogether), while sustainable development and ecological economics decreased in importance and received only 6.5% and 4.1% of the citations to influential articles, respectively (Fig.	4
Recent empirical evidence from a survey among the members of the German Economic Association (VfS)12 and the German Academic Association for Business Research (VHB)13 - conducted under the European Data Extended (EDaWaX) Project - provides support for this assumption (Mueller-Langer and Winter, 2017).	2
“Discussion” section offers a discussion and answers the questions listed above in light of the results obtained.	0
Our analyses, using multiple techniques, provide substantial evidence that a constrained model where reference substitutions are limited to a local (disciplinary) network reduces model misspecification compared to the unconstrained model that uses the global network (WoS).	4
Second, a U-shaped relationship exists between the extent of contribution and author order: the participation levels in contribution lists were highest for first authors, followed by last and second authors, and then middle authors with the lowest levels.	4
The power of book reviews: a simple and transparent enhancement approach for book citation indexes	1
*Operated by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, Inc., under contract with the National Science Foundation.	0
The aim of this study was to assess FMF articles published between 2010 and 2019 bibliometrically and to present up-to-date data.	1
The majority of the respondents agreed that author fees and the lack of stable internet connectivity are the major barriers to publishing in OA journals.	4
This overall time period was split into five equal and consecutive 7-year sub-periods (1980–1986, 1987–1993, 1994–2000, 2001–2007, and 2008–2014) as applied in bibliometric studies (see: Nerur et al.	3
The total response rate for the follow-up survey for both groups of students was 55 percent, a proportion that is too low to garner authoritative results.	0
The selection of research articles was restricted to the three scientific domains in which we are interested because of the institutional background and personal contacts of the authors: Oceanography, Economics, and Social Sciences.	2
Our theoretical model suggests that a supply shock in any particular space will typically generate both spillovers and competition effects.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
For the computation and automation of these indicators, one needs two downloads from WoS: (1) the references in the papers citing FP(s), and (2) the cited references in the FP(s).	3
aNote these ages are now dated and, therefore, must be treated as rough guides.	0
Section 1 presents a list with the 50 most cited papers in business & economics of all time.	0
This study provides an inclusive picture of where communication studies research is published by detailing the most-cited journals and provides evidence-based recommendations for collection management.	5
Since bibliometrics studies are widely used for bibliometricians, scientific disciplines, science policy, and management, missing significant data as authorship metadata characterizes a gray zone that directly impacts these three components, and by extension, for bibliometrics and scientometrics.	1
On the overall level, convergence was confirmed to exist using both approaches.	5
We mapped the reasons for retraction listed by Retraction Watch and to the taxonomy outlined by Bar Ilan and Halevi [35]: (1) administrative error, such as journals erroneously publishing articles twice or publishing nonfinal versions; (2) ethical misconduct, such as plagiarism, peer review fabrication, or authorship disputes; or (3) scientific distortion, which includes data errors, fabrication, and manipulation.	3
In this study, 350 full texts from the Journal of Informetrics (JOI) sourced from Elsevier ConSyn (http://consyn.elsevier.com), a CONtent SYNdication system, were collected, which included articles from journals published by Elsevier.	2
The first series (for authors) reports the share of all authors who	0
The additional data was captured on three different occasions from the database Web of Science (WoS), Core Collection, with these specification in all three instances: Timespan: All years.	2
The inherent difficulty in addressing this problem is well illustrated by the citation history of papers extracted from the Physical Review (PR) corpus (Fig.	2
As shown in Table 2, this work resulted in convergence of understanding for five out of eight projects, two projects did not show significant change, one project showed slight increase in the divergence.	4
This analysis included indicators such as scientific production by sub-subject area, total scientific production, type of collaboration, scientific production by university, and indexed journals with the highest publication of Peruvian medical manuscripts.	3
We provide a descriptive analysis of various qualities of peer-reviewed journal publications of graduates of North American economics PhD programs between 1980 and 2014.	1
The highest number of COVID-19 publications was published by Saudi Arabia (n = 2186, 35.65%), followed by Egypt (n = 1281, 20.78%) and the United Arab Emirates (UAE), (n = 719, 11.73%).	4
The networks were visualized by the program NodeXL (http://nodexl.codeplex.com) and displayed in Figures.	3
The educational cycle is only partially controlled by the units themselves, since teaching volume is largely dependent on departmental decisions.	0
To examine the possibilities and limitations attached to the different evaluation processes regarding the role of books.	1
We also present several longitudinal analyses to interpret and visualize the last 20 years of published obesity research data.	1
The existence of a journal data policy has no significant impact.	4
This paper aims to examine inter-specialty communication patterns within a discipline using author citation networks.	1
each author of an article receives full credit.	3
Large disparities were found in academic productivity of doctoral-prepared physicists compared to those with a terminal master's degree.	4
For this analysis, the combined data set of 921,254 outputs selected for assessment is a unique longitudinal perspective on national research activity.	2
Over the past sixty years (1950–2010), Canadian researchers have contributed to 1,079 NTD publications, specializing in Leishmania, African sleeping sickness, and leprosy.	2
* Corresponding author at: Community and Regional Development University of California, Davis, CA 95616, United States.	0
Researchers identified six entities in ResearchGate that are closely tied to recommendations: Researcher, Publication, Research project, Job, Question and Institution.	4
In addition to the analysis of the PICMET data, the article delves into the past ten years (2009–2018) to carry out an in-depth bibliometric analysis of the citations of more than 3000 PICMET papers available at Scopus.	1
Further studies on the internationalisation of general practice journals may be needed.	0
A writer is someone who can make a riddle out of an answer.	0
Women scientists produced about 0.36 papers per author, while their male counter parts produced 0.50 papers per author.	4
The coherence value was considered in determining the appropriate count of topics in the LDA analysis.	3
In spite of a significant statistical relationship between these variables for both 2013 and 2016, the marginal coefficients of determination suggest the best use of Altmetrics is an accompaniment to, rather than a replacement for, traditional metrics when determining impact and performance of general surgery publications.	5
Altogether, these results set the ground for more elaborate countrywide studies of scientific output in scholarly journals, useful for the National Science Systems.	5
APC expenses have sharply increased among six countries with different OA policies: the USA, China, the UK, France, the Netherlands, and Norway.	4
To summarize, our findings suggest that presentation order can be a powerful determinant of choice in a list-based environment more generally – and that this can have strong downstream effects, such as through paper citations in our sample.	5
Here, we do not use the concept of obsolescence distribution function and will consider that X1,X2, ..., X, are independent and identically distributed random variables with values in X∈ N.	3
Thus, we adopt the Infomap algorithm to detect community for NWDC networks for intellectual structure discovery, which is suitable for weighted and directed networks.	3
The evaluation in this study of the F1000 papers with various tags has provided interesting insights into the use of research papers by various user groups, which have not always agreed with the previously formulated expectations.	5
Having characteristics like short mean path length, low network diameter (less than or equal to 6) and relatively high clustering coefficient, this network is regarded as a Small World Network.	4
Fox and the Board of Directors of the Networked Digital Library of Theses and Dissertations, as well as the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Information and Library Science graduate students Jacqueline Brellenthin, Nicole Bungert, Julie Kinney, and Eleanor Peterson for their invaluable contributions to this research.	0
Bibliometric analysis and visualization mapping were utilized with the objective of revealing and evaluating the developments in knowledge on COVID-2019 and its impacts based on a collection of environmental sources.	3
Once collected, the vendor and citation data were collated and matched to the title list and click-through data exported from the link-resolver.	3
The aim of this study is to investigate the chemistry scientific outcome and find any possible correlations at the country level in a year range 2006–2016.	1
The brain drain is defined as the loss of skilled labor because of the emigration from the country.	1
We performed a bibliometric analysis of studies on stroke in Latin America reported from 2003 to 2017 in Scopus-indexed journals.	2
Our findings confirm reports in the literature of higher citation of internationally co-authored publications.	5
By emphasizing the differences in the nature of sciences and the need to pay attention to such differences in the fields of language and literature, the present study seeks to answer the following two questions to evaluate the research activities of literary researchers: 1) What are the types of scientific outputs in the fields of language and literature?	1
About 50% of the sample obtained their degree in Mexico with the USA as clearly the leading foreign country for training and research residence.	4
Notes: We list only incentive compatible authors where the first author is better than the second.	0
This study is the most comprehensive analysis of predictors for scientific neurosurgical research articles.	1
ANU, Australian National University; QLD, Queensland; UNSW, University of New South Wales; UWA, University of Western Australia.	0
For Web of Science, number of references (from the database) and journal impact factor (2 years and 5 years, from the 2019 Journal Citation Reports) and for Scopus number of references (from the database or articles themselves), CiteScore, FWCI (available after 1995), and PlumX metrics (numbers of captures, mentions, social media posts) were noted.	2
This combinatorial dynamic contrasts sharply with the creation of new technological capabilities—the building blocks to be combined—that has significantly slowed down.	4
Later, I quantitatively analysed metadata of all ISBNs in both national datasets, extracting the available metadata from particular MARC21 fields in the datasets provided by OCLC.	3
China and Singapore showed high rates, whereas Japan, France, and Germany had low values.	4
In science, perceived quality, and decisions made based on those perceptions, is increasingly linked to citation counts.	5
Despite these increases, the prominence of research integrity in the news media has not changed appreciably over the past 20 years.	4
We performed topic searches using the Web of Science Core Collection, for which we had back-records from 1974 to 2014.	2
Here we investigate the extent to which Sci-Hub provides access to scholarly literature.	1
this study examined how this influences the relationship that library print holdings (LPH), library electronic holdings (LEH) and total library holdings (TLH) have with other metrics.	1
Experimental data is collected from CTD (available at [28]), which recruits domain experts to curate associations that are of three types: <chemical, gene>, <chemical disease>, and <gene, disease> [29,30].	2
The 2017 edition of GSCP lists 2515 highly-cited documents written in English and published in 20063.	2
Using the trading metaphor (Yan et al., 2013), the normalized subject-level citation links were converted into knowledge flow links such that if subject A has cited subject B with normalized weight a, there will be a knowledge flow from the cited subject B to the citing subject A with the same weight of a (see an example in Figure 2 [1.a and 1.b]).	3
Due to the lack of mutual identifiers in the services, we used the author names to determine the degree of similarity.	3
To cite this article: Julie Rowlands & Susan Wright (2019): Hunting for points: the effects of research assessment on research practice, Studies in Higher Education, DOI: 10.1080/03075079.2019.1706077	0
In order to account for differences in the epistemic practices of applicants, we constituted a corpus of 80 grant proposals written by organic chemists and political scientists between 1975 and 2005, sampling the documents in 10-year intervals.	2
The first model was established with times of collaboration (“au.ttl”), the number of unique Vietnamese collaborators (“au.vn") and the number of single-authored articles (“au.solo”) as predictors, and total publications (“ttlitems") as the response variable.	3
Next, we identified in each yearly co-citation network the internally densely connected groups of nodes, i.e., clusters of papers.	3
Based on our search criteria, there have been 6006 veterinary education publications (VEPs) from 2000 to 2021.	4
If pursuing interdisciplinary research results in contrasting outcomes, science may face an interdisciplinarity dilemma: should researchers pursue their own private interest to build a reputation?	1
Geographically, bibliometric analysis uncovers a robust network of international collaborations and contributions.	5
The research topic #18 means the assays to evaluate the efficiency of genome editing methods.	4
Document similarity analysis was done at the middle and end of the semester on 4,268 reflection texts (max.	3
We conducted a rapid evidence assessment that included a random sample of health economic evaluations carried out in 20 countries (Angola, Botswana, Congo, Lesotho, Madagascar, Malawi, Mauritius, Mozambique, Namibia, Seychelles, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, Ethiopia, Uganda).	2
The research topic #15 is about the genome editing in yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae).	4
mtmt.hu), impact factor data were obtained from Thomson Reuters (jcr.incites.thomson-reuters.com), and journal ranks were extracted from the Scimago Journal Rank database (www.scimagojr.com).	2
1 depicts this mechanism, which can be termed 'doubled triangulation'.	3
From the *Departments of Clinical Epidemiology and Biostatistics, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ont.	0
As a next step, a regression analysis for each field was carried out.	3
A sensitivity analysis shows that small increases in individual productivity result in relatively greater increases in overall departmental research output.	5
Co-word analysis was applied to identify the main concepts addressed in this research field.	3
We analyzed the top 10 highest cited articles for the 10 general surgery journals with the highest impact factors for 2013 and 2016 by noting citation counts and Altmetric scores for each article.	2
The steady increase between 2004 and 2013 of the number of articles that we retrieved, which used either of the two notations (for example: 170 % increase for the BCE/B.C.E.	4
He reports that the natural sciences tend to fall into the former category, while the humanities and social sciences fall into the latter.	0
As the data is strongly skewed (see below), with many small scores and few large ones, we analyse the data with non-parametric statistics.	3
It is noteworthy that nascent entrepreneurship is the oldest keyword in our unit of analysis (average year of publication=1997).	4
The server logs contain the date and time of 28 million transactions, DOI requested, and the countries, cities and coordinates where these requests originated.	2
A central argument against preprints is that nonscientists might fail to differentiate them from the peer-reviewed literature (Fox, 2018; Vazire, 2020).	5
These facts suggest that the United States and the European Union (even Japan in some cases), the global leaders in science, tend to carry out big science projects on their own and not in cooperation.	5
Our first finding was that the higher an institution’s MELIBEA score for OA mandate strength, the higher was the rate of deposit in its institutional repository for each year, but the correlation was small, and was significant only for OA + RA deposits and for OA deposits alone, but not for RA deposits alone.	5
The corpus used in the research includes a total of 4,268 reflection texts.	2
We then manually screened these articles to identify all articles citing at least one preprint from MedRxiv, in the text as a footnote but also in the reference list since all these journals allow citation of preprints in the reference list of articles they published.	2
The present study's intent was to highlight the impact and uniqueness of African American scholarship in top-ranked schools of social work.	1
Firstly, it is data-driven, significantly reducing subjective biases and enhancing decision-making efficiency.	5
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
Systematic priority setting, adequate funding, and institutional capacity building are needed to address these inequities.	5
In addition to basic bibliometric indicators, the relationships of this field, which cannot be seen by other methods, were analyzed using measures such as centrality, between, eigenvector, modularity and silhouette coefficients.	3
These articles were each categorized and documented according to: 1.	3
Our archetypes are not sui generis, but it is possible to see that they correspond in different ways with what other authors have identified as being important for impact generation.	4
Theory, on the other hand, seems to be losing its appeal in all the examined countries.	4
For this population of scholars, we amass complete records of publications in peer-reviewed journals listed in the JEL (a total of 368,672 observations).	2
The study applied both qualitative and quantitative research methods.	3
The new role should, however, also be considered from the viewpoint of potential changes in how academic libraries are perceived when incorporating a monitoring function through bibliometric analyses of research performance in addition to traditional service-oriented functions.	5
In this study, the research publications of the last decade, that is, 2011-to 2022 from Scopus as well as the Web of Science database have been explored for the analysis.	2
Inset numerals indicate the number of common papers in the applicable region.	0
Received: 2 October 2021 / Accepted: 23 June 2022 / Published online: 11 July 2022	0
The influence of the USA is far greater than that of China.	4
The discussions from the editorial meeting were excluded, since they are of a more general character, and not strictly part of the peer review report.	0
There were totally 1727 journals listed in the 122 Science Citation Index subject categories.	0
Received October 9, 2017; revised July 18, 2018; accepted July 22, 2018	0
Demonstrates some general patterns concerning the gender difference among the doctoral students within science, technology and medicine.	0
High-quality: The journal was not listed on a blacklist, provided details about the editorial board members, peer review and author guidelines, clearly stated APCs, was indexed in a minimum of one established database (MEDICUS, MEDLINE, PUBMED, Embase, Science Citation Index Expanded, SCOPUS), had an ISSN, and did not use non-standard metrics (eg CiteFactor, Journal Impact Factor, Global Impact Factor) or databases (eg IndexCopernicus, Directory of Research Journals Indexing, Scientific Indexing Services).	3
Findings suggest that the dissimilarity of academic units (for example regarding their scientific orientation and size in terms of staff number), if not taken into consideration may lead to incorrect evaluation results.	4
Articles were assigned to countries using the fractional counting method: if a proportion p of an article's authors were from a given country, then p of the article and p of the articles' citations would be assigned to that country.	3
Of the 143 articles published in English, 54 articles were published by Chinese authors only and 21 articles were published jointly by Chinese and other overseas authors.	4
The analysis of scientific cooperation networks among countries was performed with VOSviewer software version 1.6.15 and the full counting method [46].	3
The main argument of this paper is the need to focus science policies in developing regions on the process of building advanced human capital, which requires stable public strategies over time, together with adaptable and resilient research institutions.	1
1) Is EFL learner resilience significantly correlated with their motivation and psychological well-being in online language learning?	1
The primary coder initiated the emergent coding process by creating categories for each entry appearing under a single question after reading through all the responses to identify themes that emerged from the data.	3
Or have the transparent calculations and sources created a mistake in the analysis?	0
Overall, 18 515 articles were included, of which 2398 (13.0%) articles were published OA.	2
This paper analyzes the Spanish research output published in gold OA journals indexed in the Web of Science and compares it with the output of other European countries.	1
Patent data come from the APE-INV database, which contains information on around 9000 EPO applications filed between 1997 and 2007, with at least one academic sci- entist designated as inventor, and a variety of applicants.	2
What is the relative or perceived success rate of the methods or strategies?	1
Nonetheless, they are against pure randomization because from their point of view it is incompatible with scientific principles.	4
The median time to publication for COVID-19 articles was shorter than those on human influenza (12 vs.	4
The core of the questionnaire relied on Likert scales ranking the importance or agreement with activities and statements about the trustworthiness of a source/channel in regard to these three key scholarly activities.	3
And according to the time distribution of usage, researchers prefer to use more recent papers.	4
Note: Given the disparity in sample sizes between the treatment and control groups, a 1:2 nearest neighbor matching method was applied solely to the national funding group, while the remaining three groups employed a 1:1 nearest-neighbor matching with a caliper of 0.05.	0
To assess Australian health and medical research (HMR) investment returns by measuring the trends in HMR expenditure and PubMed publications by Australian authors.	1
The distribution of journals according to the number and percentage of references they contributed to the 2-year and 5-year JIF showed peaks.	4
We highlight and investigate an intrinsic problem associated with this approach: the differences between quartile boundary JIF values are usually very small and often so small that journals in different quartiles cannot be considered meaningfully different with respect to impact.	1
Analyzing the domestic patent records filed with the United State Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) in the 16-year time period from 1990 to 2005, this study benchmarks the collaboration patterns and gender-specific performance in patenting nanotechnology, a newly emerging field, with those in the general area across all technological fields (thereafter the overall tech area, a proxy of traditional technological fields).	1
The data for this research were collected at a Dutch research university.	2
Hence, recognition of genius work is delayed, sometimes indefinitely, a lower b leads to a longer sleeping period.	5
This research showed that the Korean natural science and engineering journals have significant citation impacts on SCIE journals in terms of JCR ranking changes.	5
The analysis of each HEI was carried out considering four perspectives of scientific production: output (volume), productivity (i.e., efficiency in the production), expected visibility (estimated from the SCImago Journal Rank indicator), research impact (in terms of the citation rates), and excellence (accounting highly cited documents).	3
Thereby, the journal that publish more TES papers is Applied Thermal Engineering, followed by Applied Energy, Solar Energy and Energy Conversion and Management.	4
The major original contribution of this paper is to collect, organize and develop the criticism directed to the bibliometric assessment procedure of the VQR 2011-2014, with the aim of encouraging the debate on how to improve future research assessment exercises in Italy and, maybe, in other countries.	5
Three main topics were derived from the focus groups discussions.	4
The majority of manuscripts were 1039 (84.1%) original articles followed by case reports 90 (7.3%).	4
We submitted articles to Turnitin and measured the extent of plagiarism (copying of someone else's work) or redundancy (copying of one's own work) against a set of criteria we had developed and piloted.	3
This study maps an overview of the international research activity on immigration.	1
This paper aims to reveal the current status of research development, research hotspots and trends, and possible future research directions in the field of archival digitization research in China.	1
News ranking process on national universities in the top 200 if all universities wavered just around their own historical averages, and did not improve (or decline) in any of the subfactors.	3
Mellon Foundation, examines the attitudes and opinions of authors working in research-intensive universities toward publishing in fully open access journals.	1
It was also found that the journal rating weight factor had a large effect on the ranking of institutions.	4
K. Sen over the period of fifty four years (1964-2018).	2
This study wants to analyze the use and knowledge that researchers have about their libraries as research support services.	1
The aim of this paper is to explore the power-law relationship between the degree centrality of countries and their citation-based performance in Management Information Systems research.	1
Publication data on hepatitis for the period 1976–2015 (40 years) has been collected.	2
In this study, we performed experiments on textual contexts of citations to determine the effectiveness of reference terms representation when generated as topics from the CCs.	5
In total, the dataset is comprised of 133,009 journal-year observations.	2
This study also analyzed whether scientists who have received a specific prestigious award have better research performance than scientists without that award.	1
Among the top 30 academic disciplinary categories, all showed significant increasing trends in the number of references cited per research article from 2003 to 2019, with high levels of r-squared values, ranging from 81.3% to 99.6% (Table 1).	4
In contrast to previous studies that have emphasised the value of collaboration diversity, this study quantitatively verified that collaboration diversity is a double-edged sword, peaking in the number range of 6 to 7, after which its negative effects may outweigh the positive ones.	5
By conducting a citation study on a specific niche within English literary studies, the authors hoped to identify core groups of scholarly works that could be used as a tool for collection development and provide a picture of literary scholarship on a more granular level.	1
The current paper addresses whether such impact can also be found in other subject fields in social sciences and humanities (SSH).	1
At a threshold of p < .01, 14 of the 15 variables have statistically significant correlations with Production; only dependent persons is not significantly correlated.	4
The results of the present study clearly indicate that publications by researchers from the Mainland, Hong Kong, and Taiwan in international periodicals remarkably increased during the study period.	5
High-throughput TK (HTTK) modeling was carried out with the goal of predicting urine excretion profiles for the prioritized chemicals.	3
To test differences between Reviewer 2 and other reviewers, we analyzed 2546 initial open peer reviews of 794 research manuscripts published in the British Medical Journal (BMJ) from 2015 to 2020 that were evaluated by 2 to 5 peer reviewers.	2
Specifically, some claim that we should ‘fund people, not projects’ to allow for increased autonomy for researchers.	1
The authors have no financial or personal interests in products mentioned in the manuscript or any other conflicts of interest.	0
This study thus attempts to address the problem of the impact given, instead of the usual problem in scientometrics of the impact received.	1
Apart from the mentioned characteristics of regular lab meetings, the main result is that exchanges in these meetings, as a form of shop talk, are critically concerned with presented concepts and findings and include implicatures and recommendations to approve or improve scientific ideas and results.	5
The basic idea is to treat the papers from the rest of the journals as papers from a single virtual journal j.	3
The loading of larval on Factor 5 is .228 and the loading of ‘larvae’ on Factor 2 is below 0.1.	0
Findings indicate that, although there is complementarity between national and international funding in terms of their co-occurrence (where these are acknowledged in the same publication), when we evaluate funding complementarity in relation to academic impact (we employ the super-modularity framework), we found no evidence of such a relationship.	4
In the next section, we describe the dataset and methods used to test these hypotheses.	0
The most recent compressed dump is 20.8 GiB and includes data for 31,872,359 PMIDs (Table S2).	4
The hypothesis explored in this paper is whether factors other than the submitted manuscript's content can affect the corresponding editorial decision.	1
He continued, "We are trying to induce the best of our young men to invest the time and money requisite to make themselves expert original investigators and workers-with the idea that they can support themselves and their families by means of the information which they can give....	0
We thank INSERM and Publons for providing data; Elise Diard (Cochrane France) for help with formatting figures; and Laura Smales (BioMedEditing, Toronto, ON) for copyediting the manuscript.	0
ANOVA and ANCOVA analyses compared the mean number of publications among Central Asian countries.	3
The PubMed Central (PMC) subset of the PubMed database is a repository of biomedical literature available in full text at no charge to users.	2
Using a latent Dirichlet allocation topic model, we identified 35 topics that collectively summarise the journal articles that research units, typically schools of education, selected for submission.	3
The top ten countries/regions, out of 92, were USA (10,354; 42.59%), Germany (3729; 15.34%), England (2436; 10.02%), Japan (1707; 7.02%), Canada (1487; 6.12%), France (1475; 6.07%), Italy (1272; 5.23%), The Netherlands (1207; 4.97%), China (1019; 4.19%) and Switzerland (887; 3.65%).	4
Mouton (2010) suggests that research supervisors have to ask themselves whether students are pursuing research that is in line with a country's plans and goals or whether it is not seen as a priority.	0
The wisdom of crowds suggests that the consensus of experts in a discipline-meaning the mainstream paradigm—represents the best method of pursuing knowledge.	0
The Q value reflects the ability of scientists to enhance the impact of a paper [24], and it is a constant in a scientist’s career.	3
In general, it emerges that there is strong heterogeneity in the performance of the fields within the same discipline at an individual university.	4
About 24,100 documents on alcohol, published in 3,862 journals, and authored by 69,640 authors were retrieved from MEDLINE and Scopus between the years 2005 and 2009.	4
Citations of publications affected by CRPI can distort the literature.	5
Indeed, four out of the top five patent holders in nanomedicine are public institutions.	4
In summary, excellent scholars in the field of computer science generally exhibit common patterns in the trajectory of their bibliometric indexes.	5
Drawing on the literature, this article first highlights the pervasiveness of the problem and discusses its adverse consequences.	1
This list included 400 publications coauthored by Chilean higher education institutions.	2
This study took place at the University of Illinois Chicago (UIC), a large urban research university with 16 colleges: medicine, nursing, applied health sciences, dentistry, pharmacy, public health, social work, liberal arts and sciences, engineering, education, architecture, design and the arts, urban planning and public affairs, business administration, graduate college, honors college, and law.	2
Contrasting the proportion of first-authored papers with the proportion of citations these papers received, for most researchers (66.45 %) first-authored papers were more highly cited than average (Fig.	4
This indicates that while initially we believed our concerns to be chemistry specific, they in fact resonate with researchers from across a wide range of disciplines.	4
By exploring a sample of 52,150 papers published in 47 Elsevier's hybrid journals, the study compares the OA models' citation performances to non-open access (NOA) model's and investigates the relationship between the quantities of their papers.	1
Insistence on authors' linguistic shifting to the position of a native speaker implies discussions of English as a world language actually refer to global dominance of one form or dialect (Canagarajah, 2002; Crowley, 2003; Flowerdew, 2001; Seidlhofer, 2004).	4
In each of the databases and the DOAJ Index, how many publishers matched with entries on Beall’s List?	1
In the following part of the paper, we will use the complete corpus obtained from the Web of Science database (14,789 items) on June 12, 2018.	2
The link measure of MeSH terms is expressed by equivalence index calculated on the basis of co-occurrence matrix (Callon et al.	3
Q1: How did co-funding patterns differ between 2003 and 2013?	1
The following seven general rheumatology journals met the above criteria and were included: Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases, Arthritis & Rheumatology, Arthritis Care & Research, Seminars in Arthritis and Rheumatism, Rheumatology, Journal of Rheumatology and Joint Bone Spine.	2
The aim of the present study is to explore the power law relationship between citation-based performance of countries in MIS research and their degree centrality in the structure of the international collaborative network of the discipline.	1
Instead of the typical one-dimensional, rank-based approach to journal evaluations, this study used several quantitative techniques to identify the scientific communication patterns and structural influences of 47 key business journals.	5
Based on the vector representations, we train multilayer perceptrons (MLP) to assess collaboration probability between scholars affiliated in different institutes.	3
This research uses the CCP framework of organisational change (Pettigrew 1987; Sminia 2016) to examine the context of impact within one higher education organisation.	1
The aim of this study is to explore and verify whether or not the evaluation performance of the ranking algorithm could be improved by assigning link weight to the corresponding network and introducing time information.	1
Address: MS 262-2 NASA Ames Research Center, Moffett Field, CA 94035, USA.	0
Biobibliometric studies help to analyse profiles of individual scientists over the years that enables identification of the knowledge generation and development cycle at different phases.	5
The population, number of researchers, research and development budgets for the countries are also taken from World Bank data set.	2
We find that publishing negative results can decrease the false discovery and false positive rates, but, at least under PH and RA funding strategies, only when negative results are published at a similar rate as positive results (or, equivalently, only when negative results are equal or nearly equal in prestige to positive results).	4
Retracted articles (of which 138 were listed in Web of Science) received a median of 2 citations (range 0–148, IQR 5).	4
This analysis aims to obtain sufficient quantitative data to serve as a basis for discussing whether review articles should be taken into account jointly or not with original research articles in citation analysis.	1
Thus, a total of only 11 users have saved an expert opinion in their reference manager.	4
In the discipline of Chemistry, for 95% of universities there is insufficient evidence for any claims of superiority or inferiority.	4
A major challenge for editors with highly ranked journals, which are often disciplinary “core” journals, is to manage the corresponding increase in editorial and review labor through thorough initial screening and desk rejections of manuscripts.	4
For the twenty-five funded papers, twenty-three of them have funding information collected correctly by WoS.	4
It also provides the academic circle with a new understanding of citation index system.	5
On the other hand, FV backward path papers deal with an entirely different but important aspect of IT-‘Human-Computer interaction’.	4
More training programs should prepare statisticians to consider the ethical dimensions of their work through required coursework.	5
For the analysis, publication data of top 10 journals of the "Information Science & Library Science" were selected based on their 2009 impact factor as enumerated in the current edition of Journal Citations Report.	2
The findings therefore do not support the argument for the exclusion or modification in the utilization of self-citations in citation-based metrics.	5
In particular, which outlets are these scholars most likely to target when publishing outside the set of elite journals?	1
How fast is Chinese scientific output used in domestic technology?	1
Approximately 84 000 researchers received the email and 3500 responded while 30 000 were returned undelivered.	2
The regression analysis revealed a statistically significant and negative association between journal affiliation and the diversity of first author's country of origin (β = ?0.365; p < .01), and country of data collection (β = ?0.479; p < .01).	4
This paper examines the review and publication process of the accounting, economics, finance, management, marketing, psychology, and natural science disciplines.	5
Keywords Research evaluation · Bibliometrics · Stochastic models · SIMCA · University	0
In a second step, we analyse whether such an assumed increase influences the publication patterns of authors with German affiliation.	1
Scholars from Shanghai and from military medical system were at the center of the Chinese nursing scientific coauthorship network.	4
Specifically, we aim to study the following questions: are medical students who publish before graduation: 1) more likely to publish after graduation, 2) do they publish a greater number of papers after graduation, and 3) do they publish papers with a higher citation impact after graduation?	1
The sample is from peer reviewed journals and is, as such, approved by peers in the research field.	2
This article comparatively analyzes two manifestos in the field of quantitative science evaluation, the Altmetrics Manifesto (AM) and the Leiden Manifesto (LM).	1
The present bibliometric study collects citation data for all IJCIM publications from the WoS.	2
Papers in Most Productive Journals, Five Year Periods, and Impact Factor	0
Back in France, Charles émile Blanchard (1819–1900), who started museum work under the guidance of Audouin, also worked extensively on onychophorans, and wrote the onychophora chapter for the monumental book series Historia Física y Política de Chile, edited by Gay.	0
Our key finding is that the institutionalization of the research university sector and reliance on it supports high productivity (see Fig.	5
First, there is a considerable share of “reviews,” the only document type with a share larger than 1% of the OAPC database.	4
Compared to those not cited in systematic reviews, cited items were significantly more likely to be retracted due to data falsification and manipulation, were published in high impact factor journals, and had longer delays between publication and retraction.	4
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0022-0418.htm	0
Secondly, based on the affiliations of the first author, all papers were categorized into two groups in each discipline: “universities” and “other sectors" encompassing scientific institutes, enterprises, and hospitals not affiliated with universities.	3
candidates have not become a bridge for scholars to seek cooperation and transfer knowledge.	4
The bibliographic dataset used to measure FSS is extracted from the Observatory of Public Research (ORP), a database developed by the authors and derived under license from Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science (WoS).	2
The bibliographic-patent-coupling strength between two inventors is the degree of overlap of all their two literature sets.	3
The name-disambiguated authors and their respective institutions with latitude and longitude values were obtained from the archived version of Microsoft Academic Graph and were verified in two ways: by two human coders who manually checked a random sample of the data, and by comparing our sample against self-reported records in ORCID (Open Researcher and Contributor ID).	2
Nowadays, scientific domains are organized based on citation networks or bag-of-words techniques, disregarding the intrinsic semantics of concepts presented in literature documents.	3
A range of SciVal metrics predicted lifetime metrics.	4
A bibliometric analysis, which is a quantitative approach for analysing academic literature using bibliographies to provide the description, evaluation and monitoring of published research (Garfield et al., 1964; White and McCain, 1989), was used to analyse the trends in the field of rural depopulation.	3
According to the analysis, the correlation with citations for the number of mentions on social media is negligible, which indicates that social media measures bear different impacts from citations.	4
Institute of Occupational Medicine, Social Medicine and Environmental Medicine, Goethe-University, Frankfurt, Germany	0
This study examines the impact of implementing a practical geology workshop on children's perception and interest in science.	1
Librarians are playing a secondary role in the process of evaluating research activities, usually as auxiliary providers of raw data extracted from pre-selected sources.	1
Analysis of research themes showed science education, teacher education, mathematics education, attitude/attitudes research, problem solving and professional development were the main research themes for this journal.	4
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Data were collected by means of interviews and analyzed through a process of theme building.	3
The majority of publications in this study originated from the USA or the United Kingdom (UK) across all 4 journals.	4
Although appearing as a scattered minority, some excellent UDAS (class A) occur even in the tail of the general university ranking.	4
The test results demonstrated that there were significant differences between administrators’ research performance during the reference period and the in-position period in terms of the number of publications (z = ?	4
Taken as a whole, these findings indicate that the SOuRCe is as suitable an instrument for assessing the research integrity climates in VA as it has proven to be in more traditional academic research settings.	5
This investigation shows that both Price's and Simon's attachment rules fail as models of citation accumulation.	5
Data on total HMR expenditure, given in constant prices accounting for inflation, were obtained from the Australian Institute of Health and Welfare (AIHW).	2
The distribution of the technological impact scores among journals can be modelled as a power law distribution, with the slope being a little smoother than that of common scientific impact indicators SJR and JIF.	4
The optimal set Sopt = {4, 1, 2, 9, 7, 6} of the submitted manuscripts to allocate on consists of all the papers for which the expected revenue rates E[rk] are bigger than those in the row of the reserve rates R(S).	4
We were specifically interested in developing and testing a method for identifying researchers, institutions and countries involved in revolutionary science.	1
Here we explore whether and how the gender of an author affects evaluations of research quality in business and management in the UK.	1
Acknowledgements For the completion of this manuscript, we first all have to thank all the people at Erasmus University Rotterdam that were willing to reflect with us on the intricacies of impact.	0
While a complete taxonomy is beyond the scope of this manuscript, we provide descriptions and analyses of ten such measures which have attracted greater attention, focusing in particular on the six which are currently computed in the Thomson Journal Citation Reports (JCR) [5] and in Scopus [6].	2
Our sample comprises articles from schools that have been published in the MOT-recognized base journals (Table 1a) over the last six years (2015–2020) or in TE-recognized base journals (Table 1b) over the same time period.	2
Data from eligible surgical journals were retrieved using Scimago Journal & Country Rank 2021 and manually reviewed.	2
Reviewers' judgments of soundness, not potential impact, are unrelated to citations.	5
The SQI expresses mainly the qualitative features of scientific output, whereas the h-index is more influenced by its quantitative measures (the number of papers and the number of citations).	5
The evolution of research in the field of supercritical CO2 extraction of essential oils is reflective of broader scientific, technological, and societal trends [33,34].	5
Based on the total number of studies, the top 10 subject areas included social sciences (46.5%), computer science (11%), art and humanity (8.9%), engineering (6%), medicine (5.5%), business, management and accounting (4.4%), psychology (2.8%), nursing (2.7%), economics, econometrics and finance (2.2%), and biochemistry (1.6%).	2
We adopt then an output directional distance in which the inputs are given (FINP), two outputs TODEG5 and FRES are non-discretionary (that means that are considered in the estimation of the production possibility set Ψ but are not active in the maximization) and one output, FQUAL, is the target.	3
For students in non-top institutions, being advised by the best academics is always associated with a higher research output.	4
While we shall mainly analyze the reports of the ad hoc committees which investigated Stapel's actions in three Dutch universities (University of Amsterdam, University of Groningen, Tilburg University), the following materials were also available: Stapel's scientific articles, interventions by so-called 'watchdogs of science' (Didier and Guaspare-Cartron, 2018), including PubPeer and Retraction Watch, reactions from the field of psychology (researchers, journals, associations, etc.), or else the autobiographical account that Stapel published after his resignation, which was then translated into English (Stapel, 2014).	2
This study focuses on publication based bibliometric indicators, which represent measurable characteristics of international orientation of research publications and which can be surveyed in time course.	1
For our study, we shall be considering the three weight-allocation models proposed by Gl?nzel et al.	3
I guarantee that anyone who starts this process will be entertained and enlightened by numerous great ideas, humor, prescient hypotheses, words of wisdom, and analyses of a number of recurrent themes.	0
Participants suggested various measures in addition to existing safeguards to improve research integrity in Chinese biomedical research.	5
Harvard University in the USA was the most productive institution, ranked number one in the total number of highly cited articles, while the University of Maryland in the USA had the highest publication performance of first and corresponding author articles.	4
Webster, Department of Psychology, University of Florida, Gainesville, Florida 32611-2250, USA.	0
A strategy that exists immediately for academics is to deposit their work in institutional and disciplinary repositories as well as properly curated websites.	5
The current study aimed at investigating the contribution of researchers in the Arab region to the field of mental health and well-being of university students using bibliometric tools.	1
The presence of user engagement is more associated with other Twitter-based factors (e.g., number of mentioned users in tweets and number of followers of users) than with science-based factors (e.g., citations and Mendeley readers of tweeted papers).	4
Nevertheless, documents lead by non-LATAM authors showed significant differences in both paper citations and journals' h-index compared to leading authors from LATAM.	4
Overall, our exploratory study demonstrates that alternative data sources such as academic networking sites can be a meaningful source of information on research activity that is ignored or not captured by mainstream, standard bibliometric databases.	5
It can be seen from the table that the journals typically considered to be the top-5 economics journals (see e.g.	4
The author wishes to thank James Medhurst for useful discussion on both the blogosphere and the case issue.	0
PBC performs better than PubMed in MAP and average P@X (X = 1, 3, and 5), with statistically significant improvements in MAP and average P@3.	4
This survey revealed that most ecologists view the last author as the “senior” author on a paper (i.e., the person who runs the research group in which most of the work was carried out), and most ecologists view the corresponding author as the person taking full responsibility for a paper.	4
The numbers of incorrect sequences in each corpus are shown below the x-axis.	0
US elites do not seem to deemphasize entrepreneurship scholarship as such; they deemphasize the non-analytical fields more generally.	5
To do so, we focus on two important dimensions characterising the research profile of an institution: the average diversity of the references of the articles (i.e.	5
The findings in our study thus contribute to the literature comparing evaluation on expert and open platforms.	5
However, a large percentage of multi-citations was found to play purely a nonessential role in the citing paper, and would be over-weighted by frequency-weighted citation counting.	5
In this paper, we take on this perspective and establish a link between international trade in goods and ideas.	1
We conclude that the two normalization procedures are non-comparable in terms of the double test in the graphical approach.	4
Number of publications (bars) and citations (solid line) on think tanks between 1985 and 2019.	0
There were no statistically significant differences between different continents (North America, South America, Asia, Oceania, and Europe) regarding the number of documents, number of citable documents, number of citations, number of citations per document, or H-index.	4
That second set of analyses will show that even when the model is wrong, both PLS and CBSEM converge and produce believable support for the mis-specified models - hammering in the message of why placing data in the public domain and thus allowing others to replicate your analyses, possibly even with other methods, is so crucial.	4
Methods: In the first part of this study, six VR sessions are analyzed in terms of feasibility, reproducibility, and reviewers' responses to a questionnaire about VR.	2
Publications indexed in the Web of ScienceTM Core Collection and signed by the applicants were used in this study to determine a set of bibliometric indicators.	2
This type of work has become popular in recent years.	5
We observe that ‘Artificial Intelligence’ leads the field of CS significantly followed by ‘Algorithms & Theory’ and ‘Networks & Communications’.	4
In the more recent period (2009–2018) (Figure 2C), the Brazilian contribution to soil science achieved a prominent position ranging among the most productive countries of the world, occupying the 5th place in the global ranking owing to the publication of 19,216 papers in that period, which represented 5.2% of the total publications.	4
Mainly, the studies published in the journal FEMS Microbiology Letters mainly draw knowledge from methods developed to quantify or characterize biochemical substances such as proteins, nucleic acids, lipids, or carbohydrates and from improvements of techniques suitable for studies of bacterial genetics.	4
Access provided at 7 Jan 2020 04:09 GMT from Queen Mary University of London (+1 other institution account)	0
By means of research areas, Europe can be divided into five clusters, which have strong geographical and economic backgrounds.	5
Therefore, the final citation matrix was obtained as a binary 41 × 41 matrix.	0
We searched the database from inception up to 31 December 2015 using the term "Cochrane" and the names for these 44 journals to identify eligible reviews and up to July 11, 2021 to obtain data on the numbers of citations.	2
The most important point here is not practical threats to current publication practices posed by insistence on OA but that OA may conflict with accessibility.	5
On average, productivity distributions result highly skewed for both populations A and B, with the highest frequency concentrated between 0.5 and 0.7, and respective mean values of 0.61 and 0.55.	4
This paradigm then leads to a trinity of energy like terms (Prathap 2011a, b, c):	0
Received: 29 October 2021 / Accepted: 25 February 2022 / Published online: 18 April 2022	0
The study identified 70 406 cases of duplication of publications.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, (*):-, 2013	0
Given the ubiquity of the DOI and PubMed identifiers, the logical choice is to base the Dimensions core on the Crossref database and PubMed.	2
To address these concerns, we aim to provide a deeper understanding of the intertwined nature of geographic, social, and technological factors in scientific collaboration in terms of both the natural and social sciences.	1
In this context, we show that retraction is not an effective tool to reduce online attention to problematic papers.	5
There was a statistically significant positive correlation between journal impact factor and the number of top 100 cited articles (r = 0.46, P < .001).	4
North America, Europe and Asia are the three leading LIS research continents.	4
In this error typology, the cited-article list of the paper of interest is completely ignored by the database.	4
After conducting detailed coding of the articles citing the three BP articles, we classified the articles into one of three categories: appropriate use, satisfactory use, and misuse.	3
Moreover, there was a new finding from the result that intellectual structure identified by the research grant had the highest similarity to the intellectual structure identified by the research paper in the previous year.	5
2024 The Authors Health Information and Libraries Journal published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of Health Libraries Group.	0
For the other journals, only those articles dealing with pure risk matters are included, while articles dealing with speculative and investment risk are excluded.	0
Within-college externalities exist in this formulation but the absence of a contribution margin – the inability of a scientist to vary at some marginal cost the amount contributed – dissolves the collective action problem once the private profitability of the discrete contribution is established.	4
The COVID-19 pandemic has an impact on nursing, and the number of publications is increasing worldwide.	5
Note: min = minimum; max = maximum; m = mean; sd = standard deviation; mdn = median; SBM = standard bibliometric measure; EMBO LTF = European Molecular Biology Organization Long-Term Fellowship	0
Take a detail analysis of the retrieval result, we can find that most of the study of OA in China focuses in the field of library and information science.	0
At least 61% of publishers using APCs are commercial in nature, while many publishers are of unknown types.	4
In short, the higher concentration of citations at a given moment reduces the likelihood that the paper ranking would change in the future.	4
Next, the references of these papers were analysed and relevant publications also were added to the list.	3
(2014) after the development of a new global map of patents defining their appropriate categories.	3
The paper concludes with support for peer review and expresses caution against the automation of research quality assessment.	5
In particular, the current study aims to explore the relationship between network structure of faculty training and hiring as international context has not been explored at the organizational level.	1
We calculated the simple agreement with 95% CIs, which were generated using a bootstrap algorithm.	3
A regression analysis demonstrated that age and performance expectancy significantly influenced research productivity.	4
The research questions were designed to address the main objective of the study, which is to understand the ways in which museums and galleries contribute to societal research impacts in collaboration with UK academics.	1
We estimate βp = 0.029 (p≤0.05 in the “All” dataset), indicating that a 18.8% increase in the number of citations of a country/region's publications is related to the effects of strong ties.	4
Policy and Twitter mentions are presented as the most significant and informative social media mentions in demonstrating the broader impact and dissemination of Economics discipline followed by Blogs, Facebook, Wikipedia, and News.	4
From a list of retracted publications, we created a subset of 1396 retracted publications in the fields of pharmacology, toxicology, and drug design.	2
The authors substantiate the role and significance of intellectual capital's factors for the development of scientific activity of modern domestic universities using statistical methodology.	1
We suggest that future research use more structured approaches to evaluate methods for seed-based retrieval of publications, including comparative approaches as well as the elaboration of common data sets and baselines for evaluation.	5
I also show how several scientometric data and indicators are adopted following a ‘glocalization' process.	4
As expected, the journal and language of the paper were the strongest predictors.	4
LAQV/REQUIMTE, Departamento de Ciências Dos Computadores, Faculdade de Ciências, Universidade Do Porto, Rua Do Campo Alegre, 4169-007 Porto, Portugal	0
Based on the above discussion, we derive four propositions.	5
Awards made under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 were excluded from the present analysis.	2
RPYS was the data analysis method which “is based on the analysis of the frequency with which references are cited in the publications of a specific research field in terms of the publication years of these CRs.	3
In this paper, we employ a multi-bibliometric approach to determine the consistency of a journal grading scheme generated by the Australian Business Deans Council (ABDC) for journals in economics and statistics that was based in part on the ERA list.	1
The data for real gross fixed capital formation, real GDP, labour force, domestic credit provided by financial sector as a percentage of GDP, urban population ratio were obtained from World Development Indicators of the World Bank.	2
When using citation information in analysis, scholars must consider the purpose of the study and treat review papers distinctly to avoid bias when using certain analysis methods and datasets.	5
To capture respondents' involvement in and reliance on multidisciplinary and collaborative research, we composed an additive 'dependency index' based on three survey questions.	3
The aim of this study was to analyze the scientific productivity and impact of the research on GHG emissions, as well as the influence of funding on global research through bibliometric analysis of articles included in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS) database.	1
The overall objective of this scientometric study is to conduct a structured exploration of the research in smart agriculture and to study its evolution over time.	1
Keywords Research assessment · Research and innovation policy · Classification · Literature study	0
For proposition 1, we attempt to find out if the number of top citations and the number of papers with top citations (top papers) are correlated with the quality of the journals measured by two citation indices.	1
IDEAS/RePEc (Krichel & Zimmermann, 2005) is an internet service for economists at http://ideas.repec.org/.	2
Eventually, understanding the landscape of science in its multi-network aspects, an endeavor promised by research on dynamics of science, will give enhanced theoretical support to the current practical toolbox of field delineation.	5
To do so, the performance and characteristics of the Group of 8 (G8) countries' publications in Chinese scholarly journals from 1979 to 2016 were examined.	1
(2020; 211 citations), followed by Labrague and de los santos (Labrague & de los Santos, 2020; 131 citations) and Fernandez et al.	4
Their analysis showed that successful and connected applicants scored worse on these performance indicators than did funded applicants without such links, and even some unsuccessful applicants.	4
I argue that collaboration does not necessarily entail co-authorship, but that in many cases the latter is an option that individual authors might not choose, at least in principle: each author might publish in a separate way her own contribution to the collaborative project in which she has taken part, or papers could explicitly state what the contribution of each individual author has been.	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
We find that about half of awakened articles can be described by typical citation trajectories, suggesting an endogenous process for these awakened articles to emerge.	4
The purpose of this study was to characterize higher education research in the post-Soviet space through an analysis of publications on higher education.	5
According to the graph in Figure 2, the most relevant publications (as measured by the 20 most cited studies in the field) have been published during the last 24 years.	4
The studied sample comprised of 35.5% males and 64.5% females, with an average age of 37.4±9.3 years.	2
An intensive study is provided to give a depth and close analysis of the collaboration between authors and international scientific collaboration from the perspective of authors’ academic age.	1
However, the authors’ expert forecast makes it possible to say that, if the emerging trends continue, by 2030 the number of WCUs of Europe and the United States in the Top 100 of many global ratings can be equalized, leading to a kind of Euro–American parity in the higher education sector.	4
The data used in the analysis are primarily publication-related data.	2
The most successful, engaged with, and far-reaching expression of scientific practice were Information posts (Fig 4B).	4
We performed correlations as another step to gauge metric agreements between the four included datasets (Table 3).	0
This article has been cited by 70 article(s) on the ISI Web of Science	0
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—May 2002 597	0
[ Table 1 — Number of journals and articles in SciELO collection by country]	0
To a lesser extent, it is interesting to notice the inverse relationship between acceptance and reviews (p = ?.134), last 12 month reviews (p = ?.375) and reviewed journals (p = ?.284).	4
The data was imported into the Thomson Data Analyzer (TDA) and da cleaning was conducted.	2
Moreover, by setting PhD graduation as an important milestone in researchers' careers, we examine several indicators related to scientific collaboration and their effects on a career.	1
Applying purely metric-based indicators for evaluating research has the potential to lead to a dystopian research environment in the style of a “Black Mirror” episode.	5
Moreover, research in post-communist countries tends to focus relatively more on quantity rather than quality.	4
The authors have acquired the annotations of citations as important and incidental for paper-citation pairs taken from a collection of 20,527 papers published in the domain of Information Sciences on ACL anthology.	2
The CDM universe is defined by the collection of all the articles citing CDM but also the articles cited by CDM.	2
H1: A greater geographic diversity within an EB leads to greater diversity in (a) first author's country of origin, (b) country of data collection, and (c) research approach.	1
Although our findings show that NIH grants are not awarded purely for previous work or elite affiliations and that reviewers contribute valuable insights about the quality of applications, mistakes and biases may still detract from the quality of funding decisions.	5
What quantitative measurements can be used to describe topic dynamics?	1
The difference between the total frequencies of collaboration types and publication types is due to the way in which SciVal counts collaboration types.	0
Data sourced from Thomson Reuters Web of Knowledge and retrieved in September 2013.	2
Parametric statistical analyses were performed in Prism (GraphPad Software, San Diego, CA).	3
Of these, 21 incompletely filled questionnaires and 6 duplicate responses were discarded – the final data set for the analysis comprised in total 301 responses, of which 24 were from IF-journals and 277 from non-IF-journals.	2
From 2006 to 2010, 3565 abstracts were presented at the CCC.	2
This said, our findings clearly showed that editors could be biased towards more prestigious authors by giving them higher chances of publication even when they presumably did not deserve a special treatment.	5
Radial chart depicting the frequency of positive indicators (top) and negative indicators (below).	0
All three indicators of individual interdisciplinarity were negatively corrected to the contribution to interdisciplinary interactions in management and research, but not in publication (Fig.	4
Fractional counting was used, in which each document has only one unit that is fractionalized according to the number of co-authors.	3
The proposed index is a scalable index whose values are normalised to the percentage levels.	1
Based on the seven indicators offered by InCites, we analyzed the validity of raw citation counts (Times Cited, 2nd Generation Citations, and 2nd Generation Citations per Citing Document), normalized indicators (Journal Actual/Expected Citations, Category Actual/Expected Citations, and Percentile in Subject Area), and a journal based indicator (Journal Impact Factor).	1
Moreover, the larger number of bibliographical references would make the method suitable for researchers with a low number of publications and few citations.	5
Isstr?m, a large glacier in northeast Greenland, began a rapid retreat after detaching from a stabilizing sill in the late 1990s.	1
We believe that the most successful country in developing astronomy will be one that already has a culture of publishing.	5
The ANOVA yielded a significant main effect for gender, F(1, 545) = 4.03, p = .045, d = .18, such that articles with male first authors were cited more often (M = 36.49, SD = 34.91) than those with female first authors (M = 30.57, SD = 29.78).	4
We hope that the usage of CRediT facilitated by tenzing during the feedback period will result in a greater understanding of what about CRediT should be prioritized for refinement or change.	5
There seems to be very little research collaboration among BRICS nations.	4
The present investigation extends earlier strictly quantitative analyses in investigating the importance and accuracy of all quotations to the cohort of 72 psychiatric original articles.	2
In conclusion, the study of articles published in high-impact nursing journals between 2010 to 2019, finds very weak correlations between AAS and citation-based metrics, which suggests promoting journal articles on online platforms may help research, journals, and nurses.	5
As with our analysis of extramural citation rates by discipline, the first step in an investigation of citations to fields is classification.	0
In this work, an extended Rao-Stirling diversity measure is proposed, which incorporates the co-author network and a network similarity measure to specifically evaluate the author interdisciplinarity.	1
The article is the solution in an indirect exchange of rewards against certified knowledge mediated by reputation (Barnes, 1985; Whitley, 2000).	4
Such analyses are not infrequently provided by the editors of the journals themselves (e.g.	0
Does the KU Libraries provide access to the cited items in successful NSF and NIH grant applications?	1
Articles were published across 10 journals, most commonly Statistics in medicine (n=71) and Medical decision making (n=28).	4
When using the more conservative linked citation counts for Microsoft Academic, this data-source provides higher citation counts than both Scopus and the Web of Science for Engineering, the Social Sciences, and the Humanities, whereas citation counts for the Life Sciences and the Sciences are fairly similar across these three databases.	4
As we have shown, properly field-normalized results cannot be obtained using full counting, and field-normalized indicators calculated using full counting can easily be misinterpreted.	5
We did not observe an aversion to replication studies documented elsewhere (Zwaan, Etz, Lucas, & Donnellan, 2018), which could be a tangible result of the continued debate regarding (media) psychology's robustness and the value of replications that had started a few years before this experiment was conceived.	4
The results are reported as frequency counts and percentage error rates (i.e.	3
Of the 88 universities, 22 offered degrees only in the biostatistics departments, 49 offered degrees only in the statistics department, and 17 offered degrees in both departments, allowing the analysis of 39 biostatistics departments (22+17) and 66 statistics departments (49+17).	2
Conclusion: The experience of UK-based trainee research collaboratives provides useful insights for surgeons and policy makers in global	5
A significant increase was observed in the number of articles published, especially in the past 10 years.	4
A first conclusion of this study could be that there are not few journals of social work published in Spain.	5
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
The score of 1 was given if the literature reported the information required by the index, while 0 was given without reporting.	3
All the logarithms in this study are natural logarithms and all the statistical tests in this study are at the significance level of 5%.	0
Researchers were more positive about the benefits of OAP than they were negative about its disadvantages.	4
It can be shown that these motifs are organized diametrically: The two manifestos represent opposed positions in a critical discourse on (e-) valuative metrics.	4
The reported OAAA for both books and chapters confirms both the importance of promoting OA for books and chapters, especially to reach non-academic audiences, and the utility of using altmetric data to measure this phenomenon.	5
Among these metrics, we focus on Google’s PageRank score (Brin & Page, 1998).	3
Gephi was used to produce network visualization and indicators (Bastian et al., 2009).	0
In this paper, we selected over 20,000 scientists in the computer science field as the analysis objects, and employed “field of study” generated from Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) (Sinha et al., 2015; Tang et al., 2008; Zhang et al., 2019) to represent topics.	2
In the next section, we first describe briefly the communication and collaboration patterns of each team, and then present the results of the quantitative analysis between communication and productivity.	0
Twenty percent of the most cited papers were selected.	2
Chi-square tests were used to compare publication characteristics between this study and a previous publication on the 50 most cited articles in orthopedic shoulder surgery.	3
Margaret MacDougall for providing advice regarding approach to statistical analysis and Ms.	0
Mexican scientific production experimented an exponential growth during the period 2010-2019.	4
This work was supported by Taftie, the European Association of National Innovation Agencies.	0
International collaborations have helped MEA researchers to publish in journals with a high IF.	5
NOTE: See Table 2 for list of journals corresponding to numbers.	0
Our data was extracted from Microsoft Academic Graph(MAG), a comprehensive database encompassing over 150 million papers, along with auxiliary information including publication date, title, authorship, keywords, references, field of study, and authors' affiliations.	2
The median number of citations per paper is 3 (IQR Q1-Q3:6).	4
Additional supporting information may/can be found online in the supporting information tab for this article.	0
We gathered 65 cases in where manuscripts rejected without revision were sent again for publication to another journal without changes.	2
It is clear that JRME and ESM are together in a class of their own; they are the only two journals with more than 50% of the vote in any single category (in their case, the High Quality category), and their votes in that category are 90% and 84.2%, respectively.	4
Of the 61 scenarios where an incorrect top ranked diagnosis was given, 51 (84%) improved following US.	4
This result provides some support for the proposition that the quality of a paper should not be judged by the journal where it is published (e.g.	5
Our final dataset includes 8378 unique records, of which 4378 are single-authored publications.	2
Then, we continued to use the strategy proposed in Wang et al., (2012) to extract the papers including acknowledgements (Wang et al., 2012).	3
The survey was carried out using the Qualtrics software.	2
The full list of theses and their classifications are provided in Appendix 1.	0
Thus, we considered all research articles published in journals included in the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE), the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), and the Arts and Humanities Citation Index (AHCI) during 2009.	2
Chatterjee with four papers in H-Classics and a total of 438 citations and 2nd position the researcher M.	4
By using book reviews in SCIE, SSCI, and A&HCI, this study depicted time dynamics, discipline and country distribution of scholarly book reviews over the past decade.	5
The figures show that there is not a clear relationship between country's vulnerability and the relative importance of climate change research: some of the most vulnerable countries are strongly focused on climate change research, while others are not.	4
This makes our study wholly non-parametric and therefore free from subjective a priori assumptions about the interaction between the various ranking and rating data included in the study.	5
We will discuss a case of more than two journals in Section 3.4.	0
Clearly scientists who publish about the h-index received for these articles on average more citations than for their other articles published during the same period.	4
Four other matching methods and alternative datasets of different sizes were used to test the robustness of the results.	3
Among them, w represents the world, m represents the designated country or region, and i represents the industry.	0
We used the title of each study to retrieve the bibliographic data from Scopus, Web of Science (WoS), or Medline.	2
The data is summarized in Tables 2 and 3 for MRA and HES, respectively.	2
In this paper, four major fields were selected to represent different areas of the sciences, the social sciences and humanities: BIOSCIENCES (B) with the highest average citation rates in all document types (except for MULTIDISCIPLINARY SCIENCES), CHEMISTRY (C) with the top total numbers and citations of journal articles, ARTS & HUMANITIES (K) with the top total numbers of book chapters, and SOCIAL SCIENCES II (ECONOMIC, POLITICAL & LEGAL SCIENCES) (L) with high total number of citations of book chapters.	2
This journal set includes journals that publish papers from many subject areas such as Nature or Science	0
Based on our sample of 211 pairs of biomedical Ph.D.	5
The aim of this study is to provide an overview of the history of TES research and development, by using bibliometric methods.	1
Open access literature appears to be of similar reliability and integrity as the biomedical literature in general, while being more forthcoming about the nature of errors, when such are identified.	5
The aim of this paper is the classification of the Greek Economics Departments according to the published work of their academic staff and its impact.	1
The analysis in this paper was based on 15,731 full-text articles in the Journal of Immunology (1998–2007) and the 762,355 citations contained in those papers.	2
cOne of these 12 books was in press when this research was carried out.	0
The ability of respondents to predict the citation counts of established research is markedly lower than the ability of those counts to be predicted by the h-index of the corresponding author of each article.	4
Based on a previous paper published in 2012, 27 spine-related journals were included in the literature search (Table 1).	2
These files were merged using the DOI and stored in an SQL database for analysis.	0
Note that the left and right figures respectively show the distributions of TPs of papers at entity and document levels, i.e., TPEs and TPDs	0
Unlike HCP, the h-indexes corresponding to mathematics, biology and chemistry were different (p=0.001) as demonstrated in Table S1 as well.	4
In this study, PSM was employed to examine the effects of international research collaboration on policy impact.	5
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Chi-square or Fisher's exact test was used to determine the significance of and compare categorical variables stratified between academic versus nonacademic job placement.	3
The distribution of the data was assessed with a Kolmogorov-Smirnov test and found to be non-parametric.	0
The citation count for each article was retrieved from Google Scholar, during the period mid-March through mid-May 2011.	2
While Chinese journals demonstrated a steady increase in publication productivity from 2018 to 2020, it remained noticeably lower than that of international journals.	4
We calculated Nature's IF for 2013 using data retrieved on 21 March 2014 from the WoS database and comprehensively analyzed its structural features, thereby identifying the contributions to Nature's IF for 2013 of different document types, highly cited papers, highly cited authors, different institutions, and different countries and regions.	2
Since, in answer to the third research question, research in countries that produce little Scopus-indexed output do not tend to produce low impact outputs, an explanation is needed.	0
Another issue to contend with was journal title changes, for example	0
Faculty members at the School of Law fall into many different categories: tenure track and tenured faculty, clinical faculty, professors of practice, visiting faculty, adjunct faculty, and more, and not all faculty members at the School of Law conduct research, produce scholarly work, apply for grants, or have a need to consolidate or develop their scholarly profiles.	2
SPSS (version 19.0; IBM Corp., Armonk, NY) was used for all statistical tests.	3
Citations were obtained from the Web of Science (WoS), thus restricting the set of papers from 3366 to 2655 papers.	2
We find that the correlation between net export in ideas and number of researchers per one million population have a correlation of 0.45.	4
First, difference (and in parts also fairness) problems were reduced when research clusters were interdisciplinary and the sub-projects results were integrated on a cluster level.	4
2 School of Public Policy, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, United States	0
We propose that the h-based 13-type publication and citation vectors can be used as multi-dimensional indicators in academic evaluations.	1
The analyzed time frame covers the period starting on January 1, 1900 through December 31, 2012.	2
Variables potentially associated with increased citation rates, including subject, design, title characteristics, article length, bibliographic references, authorship, geographic distribution, interdisciplinary collaboration, article access, and funding, were assessed in univariate and multiple linear regression models through December 2012.	3
Orthopedic surgeon was the most common specialty of the corresponding author in Spine, EUS, and TSJ.	5
Para hacer el mapa de co-palabras y la agrupación de palabras clave se ha utilizado la herramienta SCImago Graphica (Hassan-Montero et al., 2022) que utiliza el algoritmo de identificación de comunidades de Clauset (2004) para generar las comunidades y el algoritmo LinLog (Noack, 2007) para generar la layout (disposición de los nodos en el mapa); este algoritmo usa un modelo de energía que genera layouts muy coherentes con las comunidades identificadas (Noack, 2009).	3
Overall, our analysis suggests that there is no hybrid OA citation benefit.	4
We find that China has indeed seen an unprecedented growth in Engineering and Life Sciences research, positioning itself rather firmly as a leader in these fields.	4
These characteristics allowed us to build a machine learning model to classify authors into “lead” and “support” roles (Fig.	3
+ b?Treati_x_10 – 14t+b5Treati_x_15 – 19t + b600-04t +b705-09t+b810 – 14t + b910 – 19 + Pairi,j,	3
Thus, the key research question that underpins this research is: What are the aspirations and expectations of staff involved in the interdisciplinary cross-school group, and how can they be supported?	1
The identified communities generally include specific DEA methodology terms, linked with corresponding application areas as well as with some geographical references.	4
The model stresses the importance of social relations on the research products and that multidisciplinary studies are favored by interdepartmental collaborations.	4
The purpose of this study was to investigate potential relationships between NSI (mainstream news and social media) and SI, with an emphasis on scientific research regarding physical health and exercise.	1
Through this investigation, we seek to contribute to the understanding of how publication accessibility may affect the thoroughness and fairness the process of self-correction of science.	1
This study evaluates the research trends of “aquatic ecosystem” between 1992 and 2011 in journals of all subject categories of the science citation index and social sciences citation index.	1
Downloaded from ctr.sagepub.com at University of York on February 20, 2016	0
However, stable funding is probably not a sufficient condition to achieve high performance.	5
gave approval to record and use the data, and checked the manuscript for inaccuracies.	0
This article aims to explain the current state of DNA Repair studies' global geography by focusing on the genesis of the community.	1
To classify publications by their aims, not their contents, is still demanding.	3
We hypothesized that all subspecialties of orthopedics maintained a similar share in the publication in the IJO during the period 1967–2014.	1
The authors wish to thank Paula Stephan and Francesco Lissoni for comments and suggestions.	0
We analyzed productivity and impact of Colombian psychology journals using multiple systems of international and regional indexing (Scopus and Journal Scholar Metrics, and Redalyc and Scielo, respectively) and compared them across the period of observation.	1
The 2020 IF and the 5-year IF of the journals were extracted from InCites Journal Citation Reports (JCR) website (https://jcr.incites.thomsonreuters.com/) in August 2022.	2
The economic level of the region to which archives belong is not directly proportional to their position in the quality ranking.	4
Postgraduate (PG) students from medical and allied universities from Myanmar were eligible for this study.	2
Participation of editorial board members as authors in publishing varies significantly among journals.	5
16.0%, p = 0.030) with similar proportions of underrepresented racial minorities (29.8% vs.	4
Concerning the time horizons in research, the vast majority of AJTI articles (64.6%) appeared to take longitudinal studies over the last 10 years.	4
fac- ulty members have higher scholarly metrics when com- pared to Pharm.D.-only faculty.	5
To realize the trends both prior and posterior to the pagination month, we aligned the downloads of articles with respect to their respective pagination months.	3
A bibliometric analysis was conducted to determine the institutional diversity of higher education publications and which higher education journals had the greatest diversity of countries, authors, and institutional affiliations.	3
The ideal of replicable behavioral political science is far from realized.	5
when the latent construct is a linear function of the measurement items, but that is not part of this paper.	0
Bibliometric analysis, introduced by [29], is regarded as a comprehensive evaluation method and is being used increasingly in the scientific areas [30].	3
The main limitation of this study is that the differences in the subfields and research topics of LIS were not considered.	5
First, the structure of the bipartite graph is used to co-cluster both journals and scholars in a same low-dimensional space.	3
Path analysis revealed significant pathways that clarify the interplay of numerous factors in influencing learners' achievements.	5
The question is if the ratio of the total number of citations to the total number of publications can be used as a proxy for the average ratio, citations per publication, calculated over the individual researchers.	1
The results that we obtained (shown in Tables 7 and 8) are significant and reasonable for a pilot experiment; hence, we are interested to see how this machine-learning approach might improve with a larger amount of training data.	5
Dashed lines are regressions of the mean and maximum author numbers from 1973 to 2018	0
We empirically investigate spatial properties of citing distances, citation patterns and spatial diversity to understand geographical knowledge diffusion, based on the data from “Transportation Science and Technology” subject category in the Web of Science (1966–2009).	1
It is hoped that in addition to helping the STEM community better understand the nature of text recycling, this essay may be of use to those who undertake scholarly investigation.	5
1 Evolution of the total number of papers in Physics indexed in Wos: South Korea (grey triangles), Spain (black squares) and Brazil (grey diamonds)	0
2010 and implemented the experiment of our strategy with the subject area of “information retrieval”.	2
In the absence of a clear, viable business model under OA, we believe an incremental approach is the best option in the short term for the Canadian Journal of Political Science.	5
We propose identifying citation ageing by means of combining quantile regression (QR) (Koenker & Hallock, 2001; Portnoy & Koenker, 1997) with a non-parametric specification able to capture citation inflation.	3
Third, XD researchers of computing pedigree are drawn to the biology culture.	4
2 RetractionWatch is a blog launched in 2010 by two science journalists and is dedicated to the tracking of retracted papers.	0
Further interesting interesting research questions concern the gender of the citer.	1
85% of the articles resulted from international collaboration.	4
The concept of linguistic segregation is discussed to explain the citation patterns of the BRICS journalism researchers, especially the central role of Anglosphere scholarship.	5
In this article, we analyze the pluralism and lack of coordination in the Swedish research funding system and its effects on the level of a specific type of funding programs that have been given some attention recently, namely the support of those young academics that are judged to be especially promising, thus worthy of generous support, and also somehow structurally discriminated against.	1
We fix a list of 98 journals of mathematics appearing in the JCR list Mathematics and the associated order numbers, considering a time series of 15 years starting in 1997.	2
The authors are indebted to Ronald Rousseau and Liming Liang who provided valuable conference data to this study.	0
The interviews were conducted during September to October 2016 and February to May 2017 by one author in Mandarin Chinese.	3
While none of our participants supported the use of large amounts of recycled material from one journal article to another, some editors were staunchly against any use of recycled material, while others were accepting of the practice in certain circumstances.	4
Overall, the journal has a diverse authorship and it has been a success over the last 25 years.	5
By applying these criteria, we selected 102 ghostwriting companies actively selling their services to potential clients online, including the most active suppliers in this market.	2
This study explores how social and scientific resources embedded within persons can motivate personal knowledge-diffusion behaviors; that is, bridging resources between locations.	1
We extracted a list with 273 directors from Europe and 114 program directors from the United States.	2
To pin down counterfactual outcomes, I construct a set of non-NIH comparison articles using the PubMed Related Citations Algorithm (PRCA), an algorithm developed by the NIH that uses key words and text from titles and abstracts, to identify, for any given article, a set of similar articles.	2
Each IPC with an instance count greater than 1,000 was kept in its original state.	0
The number of scientific publications of SBUMS on the Web of Science database was 6633 records.	2
First, the feasibility and sustainability of a particular workflow or policy need to be evaluated, not only in financial and operational terms, but also in a wider context.	5
In this study, our goal was to evaluate articles published in AOTT from 2013 to 2022 using bibliometric analysis.	1
Citation histories of highly cited papers (only papers cited 100 or more times are considered)	0
Correspondence address: Franco Franchignoni, Fondazione Salvatore Maugeri, Clinica del Lavoro e della Riabilitazione, IRCCS, Via Revislate 13, I-28010 Veruno (NO), Italy.	0
In the case of Portugal, these instruments have included a centralized program of research grants, research careers independent of traditional academic career tracks, and a diversified system of funding research units and institutions based on research assessments through international peer reviews.	4
This study uses bibliometric methodologies to evaluate a large collection of research articles, reviews, and conference papers published up to 2023, leveraging data from reputable scientific sources.	1
The article frames this as a systemic knowledge issue at a global scale that cannot be remedied by a simple reform to academic publishing.	1
As an illustration, let us consider the assessment of a sample of eight botany journals.	0
With regard to citation analysis, the results presented here suggest that the research impact of Sls is strongly dependent on issue type: MonoSIs attract more citations and show similar intraissue variance than RIs, while ConfSls tend to show lower citation and citation variance scores than the latter.	4
Our analysis estimates the effect of a K award by using a regression discontinuity design (RDD) with matching, and by controlling for many variables that could affect the outcomes of interest.	3
This section is not meant as a literature review of the study of time series in informetrics.	0
Poland has been the most productive country, followed by Russia, the Czech Republic, Romania, Hungary, and Slovenia.	4
We identified publications on HIV-AIDS with the participation of Spanish institutions in the Web of Science over the period 2010-2019, characterising research activity by means of bibliometrics and identifying the thematic areas of research through a cluster analysis.	2
FAER continues to provide an important stimulus for subsequent NIH funding of physician-scientists in anesthesiology.	5
A descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted through a PubMed search from January 1st, 2013 to December 31st, 2016 searching for articles indexed as “retracted publication”.	2
document the health status of the population and of important subgroups	0
Using the Journal Citation Report list of journals as a source of information, we analyse the stability in the position of the mathematical journals—the so-called rank-normalized impact factor—compared with journals in applied physics and microbiology during the period 2002–12.	2
We selected these Spanish medical journals due to their wide dissemination and scientific impact in 2011 (with respective impact factors for that year of 2.530, 2.486, 2.008, and 1.385, and quartile scores of Q2, Q1, Q2 and Q2 in their subject categories, according to Journal Citation Reports Science Edition 2011, which was the latest version available when we planned this study).	2
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
A list of orthopedic surgery residency programs in the United States was compiled using the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education (ACGME) public-use residency program database.	2
Between January 1993 and August 2017, how many articles on institutional repositories were published in the SSCI per year?	1
ac.uk); Reny: Department of Economics, University of Chicago, Chicago, IL 60637 (e-mail: preny@uchicago.	0
reviews, editorials or correspondence), articles per million inhabitants, and citations per article were analysed.	3
This population database includes 5853 authors and 1542 affiliated institutions, both academic and non-academic, that were listed for at least one qualifying article in the sample journals during the 45-year period of study.	2
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The emergent findings from this analysis show that influencers exhibited one of two strategies to expand their role in scholarly discourse.	4
Our findings indicate that publishing in OA journals particularly in the Social Sciences lags behind when compared to Health Science and Life Sciences.	4
The results demonstrate that an increase in the number of authors leads to an increase in impact, from the beginning of the last century onward, and that this is not due simply to self-citations.	4
The rankings produced by different metrics differ greatly by their d M (see Fig.	4
The mean number of publications for the sample was 15.4±27.8.	4
In social science research, content analysis is commonly used for the critical evaluation of qualitative information collected from interviews (Holdford, 2008; Leary, 2012).	3
After literature research and retrieval test, 10 available altmetrics indicators were finally selected in this paper, including Score, Reviewers, Labels, Short comments, Book reviews, Notes, People who are reading(People_A), People who have read(People_H), People who want to read(People_W), and Doulists recommendations(Doulists_R).	2
It can be observed from Table 16 that the harmonic allocation model performs better than the factional allocation model with regards to the accuracy of the first 10, 100, and 500 results.	4
First, this research analyzed the cited numbers and citation age by subject and journal through the citation analysis of the cited SCIE journals.	3
The output of SenticNet for a citance is a sentiment score between -1 (most negative) and 1 (most positive), with 0 indicating a neutral sentiment.	3
We hand-collected a unique dataset containing metadata for 1,944 research articles published in 28 HOA economics and interdisciplinary mathematics journals.	2
The latter part describes how the double-blinded VE research grant affords a comparatively more exciting research process, which, in the interviewees' view, complements and remedies some of the limitations of mainstream funding options.	4
A 95% bootstrap confidence interval (CI) for the difference between mean RoA and AoR was calculated using 500 simulated estimated ratios of averages and averages of ratios.	3
From the figure, we observe that all four disciplines-computer science, economics, engineering, and physics-show an increasing trend in age diversity over time.	4
In sum, policy change in China is a national mandate led by the central government and evokes political mobilization characteristics that are geared toward relevant policy implementing ministries and departments.	5
shows a positive and significative relation (with a high degree of meaning) with the dependent variable.	4
What is more surprising is that papers whose first authors become more famous see a significantly higher increase in citations relative to papers whose second or third authors become more famous.	4
Other terminology, such as “information studies," proved to be too broad.	0
Behind the top three countries, China, Iran and Kazakhstan, the other six countries have less than 2,000 researchers from their top institutes on Publons.	5
The composition of clubs shows that most leading countries are high income, with historically developed and well-established scientific systems, while the lagging clubs are mainly formed of low-income and middle-income countries, and traditionally less developed in scientific terms.	5
P. Olsbo / Does openness and open access policy relate to the success of universities?	0
We analyzed over 46 million papers from 2001 to 2020 and found that although the proportion of acknowledges to reviewers in different subject areas has increased in recent years, the overall proportion of acknowledges to reviewers is low, with the lowest proportion being the field of Health Sciences and the highest in the field of Social Sciences.	1
The most similar scientific subject categories to Cell Biology (Biochemistry & Molecular Biology, Neuroscience, Endocrinology & Metabolism, Immunology, Genetics & Heredity, Oncology, Biophysics, Microbiology, Hematology, Cardiac & Cardiovascular Systems, Biochemical Research Methods) have several characteristics in common; they are life or medical sciences categories, and they are in the class of highest multidimensional prestige.	4
each journal's APC was collected from the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) and, when that information was not available, their websites were consulted (May 2017).	3
The survey results, combined with insights from the workshops, provide a comprehensive understanding of the multifaceted challenges researchers in the Tropical Andes encounter when publishing their scientific work.	5
The dynamic co-word network yielded topological patterns and robust clustering in GEQR.	4
In the first stage, we will investigate the validity of the hypotheses for participating in H2020 projects by using logistic regression on a data set consisting of private firms in the four Nordic countries.	3
This paper develops a model of science and revisits this argument.	1
RQ3: What's the degree of interdisciplinarity in coronavirus-related research fields, and is coronavirus-related research becoming more interdisciplinary?	1
Case study methodology was utilized to investigate the dynamics of a small research team in a real-world interdisciplinary context relying on multiple sources of converging evidence (Yin, 2018).	3
The research offers a useful insight for academic and research practitioners on how an emerging field such as nanotechnology can be analysed, and a way forward for materialising science and technology policies in this field.	5
graph-tool also implements an alternative approach to community detection, referred to as a stochastic blockmodel approach [27, 28].	3
While opinions on the ethics of text recycling vary, there is widespread agreement within the scientific community that any manuscript worthy of publication must offer ideas, analysis, or data distinct from any prior publications.	4
In 2016, Kazakhstan had the largest share (%) of such publications, i.e.	4
Second, government research funding for scholars can act as a value signal, triggering the firm's impulse to privatize high-value scientific discoveries.	4
In this paper, we present a novel approach for retrieving online bibliographic data and propose a framework for exploring knowledge structure.	1
While we continue to focus on the top 50 universities, for which the total scores are provided, we use only the top 10th percentile of universities within a academic subject.	3
We omit the distribution of the non-harmonized second exercise scores because the impact of harmonization is negligible and the two curves almost coincide.	0
Borrowing knowledge from the adjacent fields, this paper aim to offer the bibliometric analysis of the literature on academic misconduct in higher education.	1
For this, data from the Web of Science belonging to Clarivate Analytics was collected.	2
Despite most being insignificant and affecting authorship, roughly 10% significantly affect an article's conclusions/outcomes.	5
To cite this article: Francis Narin (1991) Globalization of Research, Scholarly Information, and Patents-Ten Year Trends, The Serials Librarian: From the Printed Page to the Digital Age, 21:2-3, 33-44, DOI: 10.1300/J123v21n02_05	0
We interpret the ranking of journals by prolific author appearances as evidence about the authors' subjective opinions about relative journal quality.	3
What factors have driven the increasing amount of data per publication over the past few decades?	5
The analysis further suggests that the evolution of topics discussed in PPC mirrors the evolution of needs and problems faced by industry over the same time period.	5
Using items with 500+ authors deemed as mega-author titles, a total of 5,533 mega-author items were identified using InCites.	2
The recent move of research funders toward providing own funder-branded OA publishing platforms indicates that funders claim a new role in scholarly communication.	4
This paper examines the alt-metrics of a set of 32,222 books (of which 5% are OA) and a set of 220,527 chapters (of which 7% are OA) indexed by the scholarly database Dimensions in the Social Sciences and Humanities.	2
The steady annual increase in gold OA publications suggests that this trend is likely to continue in the coming years, potentially accelerating the dissemination and accessibility of Malaysian research to a global audience.	5
Citation analysis is the bibliometric process that examines the frequency and patterns of citations in articles (Garfield, 1972).	3
Lithuania clearly dominates the list with more than twice the number of papers of Poland (85), which is in the second place.	4
Of the 2,124 workers included in our final data analysis, 394 were from India (age: M = 31.0 years, SD = 9.1 years; 70% male) and 1,730 were from the United States (M = 31.2 years, SD = 10.0 years; 56% male).	2
H4 Mentioning the research methods in communication research articles' titles increases the articles' (a) usage count and (b) citation.	1
But it also results from the fact that the increase in the average number of items published per year was greater for non-CEBJ core journals.	0
As no bibliometric investigations have yet explored global trends regarding immunonutrition and cancer, the aim of this study is to uncover essential insights into this dynamic and flourishing field over the past 25 years[22].	1
At that time, technical difficulties obstructed the path, but in 2013, TJH became indexed in PMC.	4
Brokerage analysis is utilized to identify the roles of TM specialty journals in disseminating the knowledge of TM.	3
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
To do the necessary matching of profiles and demographic, academic-rank, and field-of-interest information about profile creators, we limited the search to tenured and tenure-track faculty with full-time appointments in PhD-granting political science departments.	2
This mapping exercise was useful in two key ways: it confirmed the 'hunch' that the Press has historically specialised in music, art and history titles, and, perhaps more interestingly, showed that the newest titles and forthcoming ones are really helping the Press to make inroads into subject areas previously unexplored.	4
The results from our study demonstrates a transition from clinically oriented output in the 1945–1994 time period, to a situation in which the output today is equally split between clinical and laboratory-based research.	5
Thus, our goals in performing this study were to determine which OpAcc publication modality had the following: 1) the greatest mean citations per article; 2) the greatest mean reader attention per article; 3) the greatest mean readership per article; and 4) the greatest cost-adjusted citations, readership, and attention metrics.	1
Interdisciplinary scholars need additional time to conduct research (e.g.	5
The AUTM annual licensing survey (2015) was used to collect information about university intellectual property (IP) disclosures and licensing activities conducted between 2011 and 2015.	2
Therefore, based on the gravity model, we propose to measure the spatial proximity using the following spatial score, which takes an additive form of both the geographical distance and the cross-linguistic-border nature.	3
Country of residence was determined from the description accompanying the authors' names and based on the 2008 political divisions of the world.	3
In addition, World Bank's country and lending groups were used for the classification of affiliation countries of authors (World Bank Country & Lending Groups – World Bank Data Help Desk, 2020).	2
SPSS software package v.17.0 was used to process the collected data.	2
We therefore decided to apply an interlinking analysis to a set of geographically dispersed research entities and to compare the results with the co-authorship patterns between these institutions in order to determine how, and if, these two techniques might reveal complementary insights.	1
Elsevier provides an application programming interface (API) for users to obtain programmatic access to metadata for journal articles, including the journal titles, authorships, and affiliations that were analyzed in this article.	3
The interim period between undergraduate and PhD degrees is not complete in many CVs, possibly because the researchers did not find it worthwhile to record non-academic jobs that they worked during this period.	0
In this context, this study analyzed the status and trends of COVID-19-related research papers published on journals in the field of LIS through the following research questions.	1
We focused on the corresponding authors' countries of affiliation to explore countries' representation.	3
This study is supported by National Social Science Foundation of China (Grant Number 22BTQ102).	0
is the weight of term i in cluster B; and n is the total number of terms.	0
The highest simple correlations with the harmonic mean were for C3PO at 0.903, the h-index at 0.879, 5YIF at 0.867, and Imm at 0.842, all of which were superior to 2YIF if an individual RAM were to be chosen.	4
There are no key authors, publication sources, or research groups that dominate the research domain of social tagging.	4
Krueger, MD, Orthopaedic Surgeon, Orthopaedic Surgery, Womack Army Medical Center, 2817 Reily Rd., Fort Bragg, NC 28310; e-mail: cak0705@gmail.com	0
The second argument 'for' introduces the exemplar of the Lexile Framework for reading that exploits metrological principles and parallels the paths taken by, for example, thermometry.	3
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
*It is worth to note that Groznyi State University was completely destroyed and during the war in 1994–1995 and is still in ruins.	0
This study investigates the extent to which information science journals offer early view features and the effects of these features.	1
In quantitative terms, Polish new entrants showed much lower personal influence than full professors at all three university levels studied: department, faculty and institution.	4
Consistently with our research hypothesis H1a, we find evidence that higher levels of satisfaction with respect to aspirational factors correspond with a lower propensity to leave.	4
A review of articles published in major journals allows to show how research in orthopaedics is distributed worldwide.	5
Most of these scholars experience continuous growth in productivity during the early development stages, maintaining a prolonged period of high productivity in the mid-later maturity stages.	4
Waltman (2012) developed an objective method of estimating the probability that a paper intentionally lists author names alphabetically—herein referred to as the intentional alphabetical probability (IAP).	3
In philosophy, however, laypersons rated Chinese projects as better than projects from the USA.	4
b Rennes School of Business, 2 rue Robert d'Arbrissel, 35065 Rennes, France.	0
Note that the false positive and false negative values are rough estimates as there are no absolute ground truths.	0
Received April 26, 2004; revised April 30, 2004; accepted July 30, 2004	0
The argument can be made that scientists are not researching if they are not using chemical databases.	5
We conducted a questionnaire survey among researchers using SoGoSurvey software (SoGo Survey Inc., Herndon, VA; www.sogosurvey.com).	2
Using similar categories for publishers as Cullars’ 1998 study and Georgas and Cullars’ 2005 study as a guide,25 this study divided the recorded publishers into eleven general categories: U.S.	3
Understanding the impact of socioeconomic status on online academic help-seeking provides a new perspective for educators in shaping students' participation in online learning and academic help-seeking.	5
The authors would like to thank Chiara De Waure for her critical insights on the study design of our paper.	0
RQ4 What type of peer review do these journals apply?	1
The most cited paper was published by Jesús Alcalá-Fernández, Luciano Sánchez, Salvador García and other co-authors (Alcalá-Fernández et al.	4
The two queries, which included all the journals in category A (or AOR B), were added to any Medline/PubMed query as a central point of the feasibility study.	3
The area of ED in SM has received increasing attention and interest in academia with Computer Science and Engineering as two major research subjects.	4
Of the few free publication-improvement services targeting researchers in low- and middle-income countries, AfJEM's Author Assist is the only journal-led initiative, and the only one specific to emergency medicine.	5
In order to gain a fuller understanding of LIS development as a whole, our study applied some of the recently proposed disciplinary measures to a sample of L-Schools, defined here as ALA-accredited LIS programs offering PhD degrees and not part of the iCaucus.	1
Following this line of interpretation, this would mean that the hmen index is reliable for scholarly impact assessment as well.	5
Two indicators for international collaboration are used: The share of researchers involved in international collaboration measured by co-authorship and the average proportion of publications with international collaboration per researcher.	3
Under the column of “Journals By Rank”, we use “Open Access, Refined by: Select JCR Year: (2017), Select Edition: (SCIE, SSCI), Category Schema: (Web of Science), Select Publisher: China Mainland.”	2
Libraries will continue to play a major role in bridging the knowledge gap between publishers and academia to support researchers in the transition.	5
(A) Distribution of the percentage of papers in the érudit database, by departments' discipline (in decreasing order) and type of university.	0
We approximated the gender of these individuals by associating the first names of the authors with the probability of the name being held by a man versus a woman, using the Gender API.	3
This means that considering frequency and distribution of scientific documents cited in other scientific documents and proximity of two scientific documents cited in a document does improve the quality of scientific document clustering model.	4
The online survey software SurveyMonkey (Palo Alto, USA) was used to create and disseminate the questionnaire and to collect data.	3
The most extensive presentation of their method can be find in Zucker et al.	0
Researchers working in the seven top-ranked Chinese and US LIS schools have published 541 and 1290 papers indexed in WoS during the period 2008–2017, respectively.	4
This conclusion extends to other scientometric analysis types, such as co-authorship, highlighting that no single similarity measure is universally applicable across all types of scientometric analysis.	5
The R-L relation for seven journals with high Impact Factors in general medicine.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0737-8831.htm	0
Specific anatomical and morphological journals were selected from Anatomy & Morphology category (Life Sciences Biomedicine research area) of Web of Science Core CollectionTM website.	2
Supplementary Information The online version contains supplementary material available at https://doi.org/10.1007/s11756-024-01741-2.	0
The study findings should be considered in line with the sample specification; hence, this suggests caution in generalizing the findings to other domains and out of the sample period.	5
A Spearman's rank correlation between the number of collaborative research projects and number of publications in the last ten years was significant, with a correlation coefficient r =0.418, at p<0.001.	3
The moderation effect of the research environment quality on the relationship between past and future research excellence.	0
In Table 1 for example, Nigeria is ranked in the eighth position in research expenditure among the world's top ten countries by population.	4
The knowledge management model implemented in the study may be a cost-effective way for universities to intensify collaboration and improve research performance.	5
However, this estimate is very sensitive to assumptions regarding transaction size, and may need to be reconsidered should more data become available.	0
These measures indicate that the research constituency is growing as evidenced by increasing numbers of researchers and institutions represented.	4
Also supported by the Natural Science Foundation of Beijing, China (Grant No.	0
The interrater reliability is k = 0.704 with p<0.001.	4
He has a PhD in archaeology from University of California, Los Angeles, teaches at Mills College, and publishes in that field.	0
Axial coding (per Charmaz, 2006) was then undertaken to examine interrelationships within the data by reassembling the codes in new ways.	3
The cited reference analysis should therefore be preferred to the times-cited analysis.	3
2, illegal DOIs are a relatively serious problem for records published between 2005 and 2014.	4
< 1), traders (green, -1/3 <L; <1/3), and lairds (red, ?1 < L?	0
Unmaking e-waste is difficult work, but our experts also expressed finding joy and purpose in this work.	4
The study found 862 articles containing a citation to the studied databases from approximately 17.1m scholarly articles in SCIE within the period 2000–2016.	4
How well does the derivative analysis of citation curves perform in identifying AWSBs and determining their awakening times?	1
A high proportion of the articles (42.27 per cent) have at least one author who is not affiliated with a Malaysian institution; articles in national collaboration category account for 34.29 per cent of the sample, and 23.44 per cent were written by a single author.	0
Three hundred and fifty-five (16%) researchers completed the survey.	2
Finally, the frequency of utilisation of groups of author-supplied keywords is analysed to determine the basic thematic structure of the research on the topic.	3
This paper analyzes the balanced panel data to examine performance at Korean GRIs during 90's.	1
This investigation gives a scientometric description of the research performance of Iraqi-Kurdistan universities.	5
The choice of a can best be decided upon by the user.	0
Consistently with the interdisciplinary nature of IJHCS, we can see that its top cited venues include both CHI and IJHCS, as well as other main computing and psychology journals.	4
Currency conversion to the US dollar was based on the Bank of Canada's 10-year currency conversion rate [14] based on the census date of 15 May 2014.	3
During this decade (2010-mid-2018), close to 36,000 academic records have been indexed, accounting for ~62% of the total historical publications on hydrogen.	4
The message is about the nature of scientific progress: allow others to look again at your data and discover new patterns in it.	5
Indeed inbreeding is a complex phenomenon influenced by a number of factors related to the disciplinary culture, including the level of internationalisation, the research development stage and the qualification level of the academic staff.	5
Keywords: pathfinder network, visualisation, virtual reality, cognitive map, generalised similarity analysis, user-interface design	0
Longer articles in these journals, on average, attract more citations, and are therefore considered more impactful.	4
Author's keywords obtained from the downloaded records were standardized following as follow: a) the grouping of synonymous words or words written with different syntax, and b) the choice of the developed, abbreviated, or mixed form of the same concept.	3
This paper aims to uncover the central purposes of institutional repositories, how developments are being affected by policies and researcher behaviour and also what services and approaches are appropriate in supporting repositories from those partners involved in scholarly communication with a particular focus on services that support the publication of research.	1
The altmetrics data for each article were obtained from Altmetrics.com.	2
We used Elsevier's Scopus database and selected all publications from 2000 which report affiliation addresses from at least two different European countries.	2
To avoid effects from changes over time, all documents in this set were gathered from the period after 2002, with the vast majority of documents dating from after 2010.	0
In 2009, 2014, and 2019, collaboration between countries was more likely to occur than at previous time points (P<.005).	4
Evidently, the two-way positive link between international collaboration and research performance is confirmed as, differently from female non-TSs, female TSs have a propensity to engage in international collaboration similar to males.	5
The aim of the article is rather that of investigating what happens when two disciplines—previously foreign to each other-meet and begin to establish mutual connections.	1
For each resident, a custom search was performed using a commercial bibliometric database (SCOPUS, Elsevier BV, Amsterdam, NL).	3
Using the Web of Science Core Collection, a search (September 1, 2022) revealed 121 results.	2
Publications on PET from 2007 to 2016 were identified using the Web of Science.	2
A common question among policymakers is whether the reviewers of a paper should be anonymous to each other during the discussion.	1
A final finding is that the theoretical combination of knowledge management, networks, and scientometrics has allowed organizational learning as described in knowledge management literature (Peters et al.	5
A questionnaire was developed based on three rounds of interviews and distributed using multiple channels including publishers, social media, and direct email to ECRs.	3
There was a weak tendency in the USA and New Zealand for female citation advantages to be stronger in fields with fewer women, after excluding small fields, but no other association evidence.	4
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=usrv20	0
Finally, we calculate the percentage of the appearances in each of the 23 journals from 1970 to 2009, and in various sample subperiods, attributed to each set of prolific authors.	3
The survey received 23 responses out of a possible 123, representing an 18.5% response rate.	2
After the filtration process, only 134 papers that fulfilled the scope of our study were preserved.	2
bJ = age of paper in 1974, J* = maximum of 0 and age of paper in 1962.	0
Hybrid journals show the weakest correlation of 0.07.	4
This study was exempted from the approval of the institutional review board.	0
By examining a subset of active, highly published authors (n=20,803) in PubMed, we find the frequency of non-self-citations (NSC) to one author coming from a single paper approximates Zipf's law.	3
Our goal in reporting our experience is to provide an example for departments that need to rapidly increase their DSA.	1
Interviews were conducted with 51 individuals, comprising a diverse set of stakeholders on both the Swedish and Chinese sides.	2
(2) Are there research activities that, due to differences in the various scientific fields, need to be added to the SSH-oriented ReAct taxonomy?	1
Results based on Simpson diversity I(q) are consistent with entropy (see also paragraph "Correlation between diversity metrics" section)—40 out of the 44 journals reported in Table 5 occur in both lists.	4
Table 4 shows that for all six discipline-specific PLOS journals there is a positive statistically significant Spearman correlation between the eigenvector centrality of a paper within our network and each of the three citation counts.	4
We tested it on a reference preprint set identified and curated for a living systematic review on interventions for preventing and treating COVID-19 performed by international collaboration: the COVID-NMA initiative (covid-nma.com).	2
Annual exponent for power-law relationship between size and recognition for the world science system	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
For Swanson complementary literatures were found through title words in bibliographic records in MEDLINE (Swanson, 1998).	0
The reasons for this choice will be discussed in the next section.	0
Note(s): Total link strength was calculated by VOSviewer on the basis of co-authorship networks.	0
The results are compared to check that they are rational or “make sense” to non-experts.	0
There however remain many unanswered questions and these investigations are part of an ongoing project aiming to research into the potential altmetrics offer as a new metric to measure research impact.	0
The analysis provides quantitative results based on 321 articles published by 478 authors in 210 scientific journals.	2
This study considers the number of publications, the number of citations, and the h-index [20].	3
Using thematic content analysis, we explore attitudes toward open science, the motivations and disincentives to participate, the role of patients, and attitudes to the eschewal of intellectual property rights.	1
Department of Industrial Management, University of Seville, Escuela Superior de Ingenieros, Isla de la Cartuja, 41092 Seville, Spain	0
The results also show that the share of reviews bookmarked in Mendeley is higher than that of articles.	4
We used the revised Publication Pressure Questionnaire (PPQr) to measure publication pressure [15].	3
First, citation counts are to be sourced from the three most popular indexing systems Scopus, Web of Science, and Google Scholar.	2
The results from the baseline models indicate a significant increase in the number of yearly citations for Aumann and also in the surrounding citation network.	4
Using the 2019 Journals Citation Report (JCR), we find that thirty-two journals branded as Nature or Nature Reviews, six Lancet-branded journals, four Cell-branded journals, two JAMA-branded journals, and two Science-branded journals are ranked among the top-100 journals, all disciplines combined.	2
The annual percentage growth (G) was calculated using Equation 1 below, where N is the number of publications in the year “i” and N???	3
The AI variant based on keywords (KAI) is defined as	3
In order to reach this purpose, a practical application was performed and a bibliographic portfolio on the theme Horizontal Business Networks and Trust was built.	2
In terms of international conferences, the top five most relevant information sources are the Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval (84), the ACM International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management (63), the Annual Conference on World Wide Web (19), the ACM International Conference on Web Search and Data Mining (17), and the Annual International Conference on Machine Learning (12).	4
Three non-indexed OA journals that were referenced only a small number of times in student papers were analyzed: International Journal of Violence and Schools (IJVS), The Journal of Multiculturalism in Education (JME), and Journal of Pedagogy, Pluralism and Practice (JPPP), published respectively by the International Observatory of Violence in Schools (France), West Texas A&M University (USA) from 2000 to 2012, and Lesley University (USA).	2
An initial observation reveals a remarkable annual growth rate of 62.18%, underscoring the heightened interest of the academic community in this domain.	4
Figure 3 shows that journal impact factors increased for the considered journals at large, but not for all at the same magnitude.	4
In conclusion, the outcomes of the state interventions are as yet unpredictable.	5
The clear connections between increased funding pressure and faster keyword evolving speed seems to suggest that researchers resort to some sort of "bootlegging" strategies in such situations.	5
By employing narrative analysis across diverse cases, we found doctoral mentors wield multifaceted impacts on the access, decisions, experiences, trajectories, and outcomes of a postdoctoral international mobility through their role as teachers, sponsors, and collaborators.	3
The number of publications per year continues to increase along with authorship numbers.	5
In this study, we used publications citing the DSM as indexed in the WoS database.	2
The search was performed using the same criteria: the term “bibliometric” in the title of the publication and in the keywords assigned by the author.	2
The purpose of this paper is to gain an impression of management and business research in Latin America and its evolution by country and by fields over the last 30 years by using bibliometric methods.	1
Scientific productivity is predicted at the individual PI's level (Ch.5.2.1) and lab level (Ch.5.2.2).	3
The Gini Index is a well-known statistical measure of dispersion and inequality (Dodge, 2008).	3
Our proposal, the Initiative for Responsible Scientific Assessment (IRSA), has the main goal to strengthen and expand previous movements in the scientific community to promote higher quality research assessment, focused on better Science.	1
However, more than 50% of IRs published one article in the last 6 years.	5
RQ5: Do there exists differences in international collaboration patterns of female and male authored papers?	1
“Generation, diffusion and exploitation of knowledge are at the core of the research system” (EC, 2007, p.	0
The Rs and Rv values were calculated both for the set of universities (141 URLs) and for the university units (13,794 out of 13,800).	3
It does not represent the views of the NIEHS or NIH.	0
In conclusion, AJSM? and Arthroscopy? showed an increase in most variables analyzed.	5
This study attempts to find growth of literature of Biochemistry Department of North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) over a period of time using bibliometric method and to identify the core journal in this field.	1
Domestic sources are more than half of the total of institutional authors only in the USA case.	4
A total of 231 (N=231) eligible/suitable faculty members were selected for analysis.	2
We only invited corresponding authors who had publications of the document type article, published in the year 2019 and in the mentioned scientific domains.	2
Our results indicate that it is feasible to perform bibliometric studies for evaluation purposes using GS, both with regards to data collection and data reliability, although still intensive manual data handling and cleaning is necessary for a feasible and proper data collection.	5
With highly volatile research there is an increased chance of substantial unexpected increases in research value so it is often more attractive than it appears using evaluation approaches based on averaging the ratings of the panel of peer reviewers.	4
For 11 academic subjects, only one journal was considered a Top journal.	4
This paper discusses part of the studies on Argentina's academic field conducted within the Research Program on Academic Dependency in Latin America (PIDAAL), directed by Fernanda Beigel in the frame of CONICET and the National University of Cuyo, at Mendoza, Argentina.	2
To this end, a bibliometric study of 866 publications on the Web of Science between 1997 and 2022 was conducted to identify the most relevant trends through analysis of the most significant articles, keywords, authors, institutions and countries.	2
We find that the cited papers are likely to be basic research, yet a significant portion of papers cited in patents that are related to FDA-approved drugs are clinical research.	4
There are no recent Nobel laureates in top ten scientists in any of the five bibliometric indicators, and there are no recent Nobel laureates in 300 of the most productive scientists.	4
The aim of this study is to reveal spatiotemporal, national, and categorical patterns in scientific publications on Antarctica and to identify the development and current status of research from multiple perspectives.	1
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
The final number of universities in the dataset comes down to 184 excluding those institutions that were shut down or merged during our study period.	2
We used LDA as a valid text mining method to discover the themes in the big data publications.	3
The focus of the assessment was the potentially fake reviews/reviewers.	1
We thank COST Association and the Research Executive Agency for making available the data for this analysis.	0
TP: total highly cited articles; IP: single institution highly cited articles, CP: inter-institutionally collaborative highly cited articles; FP: first author highly cited articles, RP: corresponding author highly cited articles; SP: single author highly cited articles; h and j: parameters of Y-index; N/A: not available.	0
It appeared that the top 1.2% (175) articles occupied almost 50% (29,079) of the citations, and top-1000 (7%) papers together received 80% of the total score.	4
The impact factors (IF) of orthopaedic journals is an important component in determining the future of orthopaedic research funding.	1
To explore the dimensionality of the research incentive system construct, we conducted an exploratory factor analysis (EFA) using the principal components method and applied a VARIMAX rotation in SPSS (version 21).	3
In the fourth and final step, we calculated an age score for each term.	3
How do the differences in above questions evolve over time?	1
The literature searches were done with the University of Arizona Library's on-line journal subscriptions.	0
Results showed that learning is a social process.	4
In addition, the Fog Index (Fi) (Gunning 1968) was selected for comparison purposes because it is a popular readability formula and it is most frequently cited (Bogert 1985; Izgi and Seker 2012; Roberts et al.	3
As a result, after having collated a large number of records from the three databases, much time was spent on manually checking and cross-checking all records.	0
The key feature of this class is that 'research methods' is the most important researcher responsibility.	4
The emphasis on the development of ICT is central in the pursuit of productivity-driven growth and the knowledge- based economy.	0
Below, we give some examples of syntax used to count links or Web pages using AltaVista's advanced query facility.	0
To clearly display this relationship, the figure does not include the journals with JIF2 values higher than 50.	0
1, in early publication years (2004, 2005) most red color blocks locate near the center, which means that popularity of these papers is highly correlated with their scientific impact; while in recent years (2013, 2014) red color blocks located more randomly, which shows that popularity has potentially different characteristics from scientific impact.	4
This analysis provides an overview of the most cited articles in facial plastic surgery, many of which introduced some of the most fundamental principles and techniques in the field.	5
The study aim was to determine the prevalence of honorary authorship in biomedical publications and identify the factors that lead to its existence.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=urqe20	0
Article type: four categories were identified: research (article that included measurements and analysis of data), review (no actual experiment), case report, and other (not classifiable under the previous categories).	3
As collaboration with the West appears to help develop research in the life sciences, continued collaboration with China might help leverage Africa's research in physical and earth sciences.	5
About 28.5% of these 1330 websites (379) correspond to academic-related websites (academic website diffusion breadth).	4
The survey began with a sample of 9,428 Web of Science (WoS) publications, covering publication years 2001-2006, stratified by twenty-two WoS journal fields and by forward citations, with an oversampling of the papers in the top 1 percent of citations in each field in each year (citation counts retrieved on December 31, 2006).	2
The analysis involves publication data from the period of 2014–2018.	2
Overall, we observe three unique models or archetypes of how institutions choose to manage the competing priorities of research, teaching and service demands.	5
Based on our findings, LMICs are underrepresented in the field of public health, over 80% of research in this field was conducted in HICs.	5
All the articles were written in English and published in nine journals.	4
The WoS provides four major indexing databases for journal articles (SCIE, SSCI, A&HCI, and ESCI), out of which the SCIE (Science Citation Index-Expanded) and SSCI (Social Sciences Citation Index) were employed.	2
To learn more about this issue, we interviewed Chinese biomedical researchers in Europe to investigate their perceptions of this issue.	1
This suggests that dissemination of radiology research in the clinical realm is progressing.	5
The standard competition ranking (SCR) was used to present the top 10 ranking countries, journals, cited publications, and institutions as in previous similar bibliometric studies (Zyoud et al.	3
The cluster analysis and social network analysis revealed 12 theme-clusters, network characteristics (centrality and density) of the clusters, the strategic diagram, and the correlation network.	3
The selection of University Colleges for inclusion in the current study was based on those Colleges most logically aligned with the discipline categories originally examined and described by Harzing et al.	2
The Chow test was used to determine structural change between two periods in our time series and to identify the breakpoint.	3
The three main scientific destinations were found to be (1) USA (2) China and (3) UK.	4
The exclusion of self-citations led to a drop in the ranking of 8(16%) countries only.	4
We also compute specialisation indices, including both scientific research specialisation (SI_Pub) and disease burden specialisation (SI_DALY), to assess the specialisation of each disease in a given region.	3
We concluded and elaborated nine themes of physical environment, ten themes of health effects, three themes of social environment and four themes of counter-measures in urban health, as well as the main themes in five representative countries (USA, India, China, South Africa and Japan).	4
Accordingly, in this study, we employ a number of bibliometric measures to assess (1) the scientific impact of these fellows as a group; (2) differences between SSWR fellows and AASWSW fellows; (3) differences between SSWR and AASWSW fellows, and faculty at the top 10 schools of social work, broken out by rank; and (4) the fellows with the greatest scientific impact.	1
Using interviews of the lead Pl and an early-career member on each team, our study explores the nature of honorary authorship practices as well as some of the motivating factors that may contribute to these practices.	1
Importantly and unlike other fields of medicine, self-citation was found to be more prevalent in journals with a lower IF and also with lower corrected IF.	5
The impact factor of multidisciplinary journals was positively related to the percentage of publications in the area "Biochemistry & Molecular Biology".	4
An extended version of a paper presented at the 13th International Conference on Scientometrics and Informetrics, Durban (South Africa), 4–7 July 2011 (Liu S.	0
As demonstrated in Figure 1, both groups of returnee scholars suffer great decreases in average research impact from the abroad period to the initial years of the post-return period.	4
We used the Scopus database to collect bibliographic information on publications in the field of industrial computing from 1950 to 2023.	2
The Mann-Whitney U test indicated (Table 2 and Figure 2) that on average there is no significant difference between the h-index of non-OA journals (Mean Rank = 68, n = 61) and OA journals (Mean Rank = 72.43, n = 79, U = 2562, z = 0.643, p = 0.521 > 0.05, two tailed).	4
The net total cites number was calculated by subtracting the total self cites from the total cites.	3
As at November 9, 2015, DOAR had 2987 repositories.	2
We divided these articles into three groups according to the ethnic backgrounds of the first and corresponding authors, obtained by Ethnea, and examined the scientific writing styles in English from a two-fold perspective of linguistic complexity: (a) syntactic complexity, including measurements of sentence length and sentence complexity; and (b) lexical complexity, including measurements of lexical diversity, lexical density, and lexical sophistication.	1
The techno-scientific field ‘Nanotechnology for Engineering’ is selected for studying and verifying the predictive power of FV gradient.	2
This paper is the second of two Learned Publishing articles in which we report the results of a series of interviews, with senior publishers and editors exploring open access megajournals (OAMJs).	1
In this study, attempts were made to assess the practice of bioinformatics research in China by comparing with the rest of the world using different indicators of several aspects: collaboration types (international and domestic), articles distribution in journals and subject categories, and research activities in different countries and institutes.	1
No correlation was found between the number of citations and the altmetric scores (p=0.661).	4
The stepwise growth path resembles a pattern of escalation of logistic growth (De Solla Price 1963).	5
The bursting keywords are detected using CiteSpace software proposed by Chen (2006).	3
Our categorization approach suggests appropriateness, as we found increasing abstract acceptance for each successive level of prestige, regardless of whether it was categorized by 5 levels or 3 levels (as presented), during both open and blinded review.	0
The research field we analyse in this study is 3D printing.	2
A set of four co-creation sessions with diverse stakeholders was organised with the aim of tackling the nuisance caused by youth in a specific deprived neighbourhood in Belgium.	3
This study investigates researchers' understanding of the career impacts of publishing in different journals in agricultural, resource, and environmental (ARE) Economics.	1
A limitation of the current analysis is that it doesn’t distinguish the impact of policies towards short-term and long-term mobility.	5
The ‘Education, Special' subcategory showed the greatest international collaboration and the highest percentage of cited documents.	4
'Chemistry', 'Public, Environmental & Occupational Health' and 'Engineering' were observed as the highly indexed subjects in the category-wise analysis, though it does not affect the readership and citation.	4
When applied to a real-world data set, this model was able to successfully predict downloads within range 81% of the time; so our model performed better than expected.	4
In this section I discuss some empirical material to demonstrate that descriptions of research quality provided by researchers can be interpreted as descriptions of utility.	3
searching and filtering process of the data in Scopus are shown in Fig.	0
From 2006- 10 to 2011-15 the funding for health research in India by the three major international agencies cumulatively decreased by 40.8%.	4
Among full-time academic craniofacial surgeons, the H index is strongly correlated with the academic rank.	5
As we can see in the Table 6, in the network under study “Mohebali, M” have the highest betweenness centrality, which means he is such a middleman in a network of Iran researchers in the research area of Parasitology in Web of Science during 1972-2013.	4
The present study examines the publication delay in 13 journals published by CSIR-NISCAIR at three different stages.	1
Acknowledgments This research was supported in part by the Center for Nanotechnology in Society at Arizona State University (National Science Foundation Awards 0531194 and 0937591).	0
In the section “Materials and Methods" we present the battery of indicators that will be used, and show a diagram depicting the devised procedure.	0
Our analysis suggests that group heterogeneity is particularly challenging in large research groups.	1
The findings revealed that a clustering coefficient of 0.57% and the density of 10% are relatively adequate for caner-focused co-authorship networks.	4
An online engagement platform (www.vizzata.com) was employed to introduce scientists to the concept of altmetrics and capture their thoughts and deliberations.	3
Considering only the subset of papers that were resubmitted to journals in the same quartile, ~81% (43 out of 53) of papers with editorial rejection were finally published.	4
The articles with less than 200 readerships negatively correlate with citation counts.	4
This study aims to investigate directed collaboration patterns from the perspective of the knowledge flow, which is measured based on the academic age.	1
GNI = gross national income; HIC = high-income countries; HMIC = high-middle-income countries; LMIC = low-middle-income countries; LIC = low-income countries.	0
It consists of six subsets, each including all publications in 8304 scientific journals in the following years: 1980, 1985, 1990, 1995, 1999, and 2004.	2
The reviews analyzed were available from the CDSR, where data were extracted during January 2020.	2
We then compared the following characteristics of the selected articles: publication type; journal category; country of origin; year of publication; topic; imaging modality; and accessibility.	3
The probability of a discipline's entry increases with the density of proximate specialized disciplines (β = 0.33, 95% CI=[0.30, 0.36]); the probability of a discipline's exit follows the opposite pattern (β = -0.93, 95% CI=[-0.94,-0.92]).	4
We performed the descriptive statistical analysis in order to explore the performance of the more prolific countries and organizations, as well as paying attention to the last 2 years.	3
The data analyzed represent research productivity during the time interval between 1900 – 2012.	2
Properly conducted team science is highly desirable and can improve the efficiency and reproducibility record of many scientific fields.	0
Journal/Publisher legitimacy and publishing standards were evaluated by listing in the Beall's list of potential predatory journals and publishers, the Predatory Reports of Cabell's Scholarly Analytics, and the Directory of Open Access Journals.	3
In 2017, JISTaP was accepted to be included in Scopus, the largest database of peer reviewed literature.	4
Method: Bibliometric data was sourced for 14 English-language occupational therapy journals including the Journal Citations Report (JCR) 2-year impact factor (IF), Eigenfactor Score (EFS), Article Influence Score (AIS), Scopus Source Normalized Impact per Paper (SNIP), Scopus Citescore, and SCImago Journal Rank (SJR) score.	2
In 2014 over 52,000 academics submitted >155,500 journal articles in 36 different disciplines for assessment in the UK's four-year Research Evaluation Framework (the REF).	2
SciMAT is an open-source (GPLv3) software tool developed to perform science mapping analysis.	3
Two additional proxy measures for research quality are used: journal ranking and the citation impact attributed to individual articles.	3
Our final dataset consisted of 2580 publications with PRH, after excluding publications without PRH or lacking reviewers' information from a total pool of 9958 articles published in eLife between 2016 and 2021.	2
For each journal in my study, I compared times-to-publication of all papers published during the year prior to the pandemic (1 March 2019–29 February 2020) and the year following the beginning of the pandemic (1 March 2020–28 February 2021).	3
The results suggest that international collaborations have a higher impact on the research quality index in Italy.	4
Downloaded from jos.sagepub.com at MCMASTER UNIV LIBRARY on January 8, 2015	0
Detailed information regarding the other publications is presented in table 1.	0
The macroscopic view of research activities has the potential to guide future trend in the field of robotic surgery.	5
This work resulted from a working group supported by the National Socio-Environmental Synthesis Center (SESYNC) under funding received from the National Science Foundation DBI-1052875.	0
sources of knowledge) that researchers rely on when writing actual publications of new knowledge, we intro- duce epistemic metrics to assess Finland's orientation in the context of the ERA.	3
In order to assess the collaboration behavior we analyze the nature of co-authorships, adopting the taxonomy described in Abramo et al. (2013a).	3
Crosby was not involved in any way with the editorial process or decision.	0
The critical nodes and evolution pathways in the event logic graph were then thoroughly examined.	3
Pearson's r was used to determine whether the weighted number of citations correlates with major topic MeSHs and the number of citations.	3
Instead, we use Dialnet, which is the most comprehensive bibliographic source of Spanish scientific production.	2
As previous research suggests, the rankings are very highly correlated, with the smallest correlation being 0.92.	4
The objectives of the study are to: (a) Determine characteristics of predatory OA journals.	1
The search strategy was: (AFFILCOUNTRY [Spain OR Espana OR Spanien OR Espagne OR Espanha] AND AFFILORG [dermat*]) AND PUBYEAR >2004 AND PUBYEAR <2015.	2
Keywords: Author disambiguation, Digital identity, ORCID, Social Sciences and Humanities, Researcher identifier	0
A pure contribution good we therefore define as a good whose benefits are non-rival over contributors but that cannot be accessed by non-contributors.	3
As in other medical and surgical specialties[2,12], the USA is by far the greatest contributor of ophthalmic research, with north American institutions being affiliated with over a third of publications in this study.	5
No potential conflict of interest relevant to this article was reported.	0
Highly prestigious international academic awards are too important to be ignored by university ranking systems, even if these awards have substantial overlap with other indicators used in the rankings, such as research output, citations, or reputation.	5
The period from 1980 to 2013 was selected for the purpose of computing the life expectancy of the journals and validating the first-late comer advantage.	2
These findings show the broad roles that URLs can play when supporting a patent claim.	5
To examine the multicollinearity issue if there is a high correlation among the independent variables of the models, the variance inflation factors (VIF) of the independent variables are calculated.	3
Received: 25 November 2022 | Accepted: 10 July 2023 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 1 August 2023	0
We looked through a set of articles dealing with delayed recognition and determined 49 articles considered to be hibernators, restricting them to those published in 1950 or later and included in the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E).	2
Finally, we conclude the paper by discussing our results and suggesting several avenues for future research.	0
Articles referring to bats and camels tend to draw citations, while articles referring to most other animal species related to coronavirus are lowly cited.	4
Ankle arthroscopy is a technique that is still open to development and is a current topic that should be studied.	5
Focusing on modularity score, the DCS network provided the highest modularity (0.453) followed by the full-text network (0.435) and the ICS network (0.353).	4
Critical revision of the manuscript for important intellectual content: Weber, Katz, Callaham.	0
A GC likely grows due to the efforts of productive authors.	5
Journals included in our analyses were Antarctic Science; Arctic; Arctic, Antarctic and Alpine Research; Arctic Anthropology; Cryosphere; Permafrost and Periglacial Processes; Polar Biology; Polar Record; Polar Research; Polar Science; and Polish Polar Research.	2
However, compared to the same period, its contribution to the top basic science journals increased during 2001-2010 (2.51% vs.	4
This study investigates the relationship between resource concentration/stability and new results/ breakthroughs in the context of a Swedish Center of Excellence (CoE) scheme.	1
Usage of BioOne content is strictly limited to personal, educational, and non-commercial use.	0
The faculty in question is based at a large UK university, UWE Bristol, home to approximately 27,000 students and 3000 staff.	2
We first focus on the effect of the SDS on the response variables and, then, we provide details of the effects of the control variables.	0
We represent the dynamical evolution of the vector of attributes, formed by the two state variables, v?	3
The proposed method extracts features from CNN and involves a voting classifier that unites the LR and SGD through the soft voting criterion.	3
The following remarks are cast largely in terms of peer review of manuscripts for possible journal publication, but they also apply generally to peer review of grant proposals.	0
Knowledge management is the most common keyword used by the authors themselves to tag their articles.	4
We will search for the weights of factors by using a random search.	3
We must first note a number of caveats about our work: these are mainly limitations and qualifications of our findings that relate to the general context in which we have carried out the work, but there are some specific points about the analysis.	0
Preliminary findings suggest that Doctoral supervisor, by introducing Ph.D.	4
What cluster the individual documents belong to has been marked by adding the cluster number to the document labels.	0
In this paper, we will describe in detail how we build a semantic representation for an article from the entities that are associated with it.	1
Consequently, we draw a conclusion that the closer the authors are to the Turing Award, the better the metrics.	5
A survey of 269 Chinese PhD students revealed that (1) publication pressure is significantly positively correlated with QRPs and MD; (2) MD mediates the relationship between publication pressure and QRPs; lab research ethics climate moderates both (3) the relationship between publication pressure and MD, and (4) the mediating role of MD between publication pressure and QRPs.	4
Using bibliometric analysis tools, specifically Microsoft Excel, the R package "bibliometrix, biblioshiny" and VOSviewer, we analyzed publications for trends in productivity, citations</METRIC>, and global collaboration.	3
His current research interests include: science and innovation economics, statistics and econometrics.	0
In this paper, the Moran's I index method was employed to calculate the spatial effect of each year using the adjacency distance matrix.	3
In this analysis, we use eight variants of publication counting methods for the national research evaluation exercise.	3
However, the paper's main criticism of Butler is that the effects of increasing numbers of publications and increasing share of lower impact journals came too soon for this to have been caused by changes in the funding system.	4
This study contributes to describe and summarize the pattern and tendency of academic papers related to COVID-19 in Malaysia.	5
Articles published in management journals between January 2003 and December 2012 by researchers from the Mainland, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Macau were selected from the SCI-EXPANDED database on July 24, 2013.	2
The total number of 15,191 articles was identified from 1996 to 2015 (20 years), and with six articles excluded.	4
I propose to model these possible future states using incursive and hyper-incursive equations from the computation of anticipatory systems.	1
Demographic information of the laureates was collected from publicly available sources such as NobelPrize.org, biographies, and Wikipedia; this includes gender, year and place of birth, death and highest educational attainment, nationality, and cause of death (i.e., natural, suicide, or otherwise).	2
number of publications, number of citations per publication, and total number of citations for top-cited publication on h-index value of faculties.	3
His advocacy of a methodology that had been abandoned at the beginning of the 19th century in favor of complete enumeration (the census) provoked a controversy at the International Statistical Institute (ISI) when he first presented it in 1895.	4
OREF provided a list of names and residency training institutions that were awarded resident clinician-scientist research grants and resident research project grants.	2
Equation 3 represents a minimal citation model that captures all known quantifiable mechanisms that affect citation histories.	3
In the case of the JED conferences (Figure 7), the number of mixed contributions with co-authors from each profile is also reduced.	4
Inventors use scientific knowledge more than the past, and scientific research has become more applied over time.	5
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Basic information, including title, authors, country of origin (based on the first author), institution, publication year, journal name, language, document type, citation times and impact factor, was collected and analysed.	3
- number of open-access publications about open science,	3
A neutral, comprehensive, modern, quantitative approach guided by academic librarians is proposed, including closeness to applicants, anonymity of their identities in the reports, contextualization (academic age, gender, and discipline) of data, usage of relative non-central values with indication of thresholds, and incorporation of new bibliometric and non-bibliometric sources.	3
These findings strengthen the assertion that junior faculty may benefit by increasing direct and distinct ties to facilitate borrowing knowledge and skills from both junior and senior co-authors.	5
The first is to propose a parsimonious theoretical model that allows us to address some of the key trade-offs that arise in designing the optimal reward scheme for journals.	1
Our secondary outcome was to assess the career outcomes of NREF-funded neurosurgeons.	1
It is organized in three thematic areas: Traffic Management (red area); Communications, Infrastructures and Systems (blue area); and Intelligent and Autonomous Vehicle (green area); and it exposes the pattern of growth, development, and evolution within the knowledge area throughout the periods considered and the relationship between each ITS research theme [43].	4
Regression equations to predict h index trajectories up to 10 years ahead have been recently derived from the analysis of data from a large calibration sample of neuroscientists.	1
...here we have used the well-known Ward's (1963) hierarchical agglomerative method to cluster the 15 countries.	3
From a regional perspective, nearly half (51.9 per cent) of OA journals sponsored by CAST were based in Beijing, followed by Shanghai (only 6.6%), which reveals significant regional differences in online journal availability.	4
Comparisons based on academic rank (that is, chairperson, professor, associate, assistant, and instructor), sex, and subspecialties were performed.	3
This research was supported in part by an appointment to the National Library of Medicine Associate Fellowship Program, sponsored by the National Library of Medicine and administered by the Oak Ridge Institute for Science and Education.	0
For each journal in the dataset and for each year, two JIFs were calculated.	3
The findings reveal how audience influences on the recommendations and demonstrate in practice the mutual shaping of the different elements interplaying within the platform (artefact, practices and arrangements).	4
The survey indicates that researchers perceive the ability of reviewers in their main national funding source to be lower than the ability of reviewers for their field journals and than their colleagues' ability to assess their research.	4
We investigate the influences of research articles' title elements on their engagement and citation, focusing specifically on research articles in media, communication, and related disciplines (e.g., advertising, PR, and marketing).	1
After MDS, we do a kernel density estimation (KDE) to estimate a probability density of papers in the two-dimensional space.	3
The data analysis procedure followed the sequence of four title features: length, punctuation usage, structure, and content information type.	3
MAATrica offers a new way to analyze and categorize text, focusing on the consistency of research documents in the life sciences, particularly in the fields of medicinal and nutraceutical chemistry.	1
This vision, along with the expansion of the international aspect of logistics management research, is still the guiding outlook for the journal (Gammelgaard, 2019) with Prof.	5
In addition, we hypothesized that increased academic productivity is correlated with higher physician salaries and that this relation holds across academic centers, specialties, and faculty ranking.	1
From a very low starting point, it will be seen that Chinese productivity has increased dramatically, year on year, with over 14 times as many publications in 2009 as in 2000.	4
More specifically, the study seeks to answer the following questions: 15.	1
Without multiple counting of papers, the publication set consists of 4,416,554 articles.	2
To identify the focus of the journal, we analyze the co-citation in three periods.	4
Consider the following example of a calculation as performed by ISI.	0
Between 2007 and 2018, we could identify 423,776 publications, 30% of which are collaborated works from 193 countries.	2
Consequently, volatility is taken as the standard deviation of the 6-person panel.	3
Nevertheless, the use of equations and formulae later on in the text will not completely be avoidable.	0
Current six research topics for OGD research that have been formed and two major emerging research priorities in OGD research fields were identified.	4
Women seem a little more positive about OAP than men, and prioritise rapid publication more than men, but respond less favourably than men to suggestions that their work be re-used or translated.	4
Good journals employ a double-blind peer reviewing system and insist on various statistical and replicability requirements.	0
Scopus was used to retrieve the publications for each researcher.	2
For each manuscript we obtained data on (1) whether it was sent to reviewers for peer-review or rejected by an editor without review (known as immediate rejection); and – if the manuscript was reviewed – (2) the reviewers' recommendations ('accept', 'minor revision', 'major revision', or 'reject') in the first round of review, (3) the final outcome of the review process (either 'accept' or 'reject') as decided by the editor, (4) the country of affiliation of the reviewers, and (5) the country of affiliation of the manuscript's corresponding author.	2
Articles and reviews' bibliographic information was registered in Endnote X6 reference manager programme following the recommendations of the Spanish Association for Standardization and Certification (AENOR, 2013), including author, year, title, journal's title, volume, issue and pages.	3
A publications quality indicator called high-ranked citations percentage (HCP) is based on an idea that good papers are well cited.	1
We carefully match the authors of these publications to the Faculty Roster of the Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC), a comprehensive panel dataset recording the career histories of U.S. academic biomedical researchers.	2
The Pajek program was used to create and graphically display the networks of countries and keywords.	3
Thus, Factor C seems to be the most probable one.	5
A simple linear regression showed significant correlation between the length of promotion to associate professors and their H-indexes at hiring.	4
The PP (top 10%) indicator measures the proportion of the 2853 publications which, 'compared with other publications in the same field in the same year, belong to the top 10% most frequently cited' (CWTS website 2014).	3
We performed a X2 test to compare the OA group versus non-OA group in different categories of each characteristic.	3
These trends point to a maturing global community with distributed knowledge transfer, towards more unified international standards for research ethics and integrity.	5
The article type was limited into “Retracted Publications and Retractions.”	2
To dive deeper in DH research, academic librarians first need to be proactive and motivated, being willing and ready to take advanced roles.	5
The bibliometric profile of surgical publications from the Top 10 Global Nations from 1996 to 2022 shows the primacy of the United States of America (USA), followed by Japan and the United Kingdom (UK).	4
Following a review phase, using the content analysis approach through semi-structured interviews data gathered from key stakeholders of health research.	3
(b) How accurate are they to uniquely match the main assessor?	1
Our study confirms disciplinary variations in title length for both RAs and DDs across four disciplines.	5
The keywords analysis revealed the trend of GMF-related research has been shifted from a pure technological perspective to a combination of technology, food safety and public acceptance.	5
However, tweeting did not result in significantly higher citation counts—one indicator of the scholarly impact of a scientific paper—within three years.	5
This means that conservation researchers and practitioners are likely to face obstacles such as limited access to published literature, high publishing charges and lack of ownership of their research outputs.	5
To account for the simultaneous effects on downloads of a longer list of characteristics, we estimate a function that predicts the number of downloads from a journal as a function of several variables describing that journal.	3
4, shown above, he makes indirect and consequently non-indexed reference to a large number of relevant papers: first to the reference stock of the six papers mentioned in Ref.	0
The primary significant finding of this study is that fewer major content errors and style errors occurred in faculty-authored journal articles that were internally copyedited than in those articles that were not internally copyedited.	5
We utilize two influential bibliometric analysis tools in this paper, namely CiteSpace and VOSviewer to present the network mapping and visualize the knowledge domain of TRANSPORT.	3
Clustering was conducted using the hDBSCAN-algorithm (hierarchical Density- Based Spatial Clustering of Applications with Noise, McInnes et al.	3
La manipulación del archivo en pdf se realizó con la ejecución de preparación del texto, tokenización, lematización y obtención de lista de bigrams.	3
The major research questions of the study are: What are the reasons for citations to JoVE articles?	1
To test Hypothesis 1, we consider the number of single-authored articles an author has published relative to all her article contributions.	3
From this information, we computed three different productivity indexes for each researcher.	3
Herein we will discuss the importance of the internet and electronic editions in scientific publishing.	1
Then, quality metrics were extracted based on Journal Citation Reports, separately for each relevant published paper, using the name of the journal and publication year.	2
To ensure the highest semantic richness, this study does not modify the terms used by the authors.	0
Our approach in the present study was to use biblimetric analysis to answer the following research questions:	1
This paper addresses the impact that the ever-growing involvement of scientists in knowledge-sharing practices by means of social media might have on the material conditions under which academic labour-power reproduces itself.	1
We retrieved retraction articles indexed in the KoreaMed database from January 1990 to January 2016.	2
We used six machine learning algorithms and the ten-fold cross-validation method to train the regression models for predicting the clinical citation count of biomedical papers, and finally, a four-layer multilayer perception neural network model achieved the best performance.	3
The implications of these findings for future theory development and the generation of context relevant international management knowledge are discussed.	0
We have come to understand that these APCs will be US$2,200 per paper published, which is very expensive compared with the bulk of open access journals in the fields of ecology and conservation science (Van Noorden, 2013; Solomon & Bj?rk, 2012a, 2012b).	4
References remained strong citation indicators during the COVID-19 period, except for Eur.	4
In this section, we would like to discuss why it is difficult.	0
Department of Quantitative Methods and TIDES Institute, University of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Campus de Tafira s/n, 35017 Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain	0
Despite the seemingly haphazard scatter, it is possible to delienate a few major groups of categories which show some shared chracteristics.	5
Therefore, we analysed a cohort of ERC grantees between 2007 and 2018 winning Starting, Consolidator, or Advanced ERC Grant in the SH2 group.	2
Bibliometric analysis collating Australian HMR expenditure reported by the Australian Institute of Health and Welfare and Australian HMR publications indexed in PubMed.	3
Based on the target paper set, 61,931 citing papers were obtained, to act as the citing paper set.	2
Studies based upon faculty at the top-ranked schools clearly exclude a significant percentage of the profession’s most productive and influential academics.	5
A three-year citation period of 2001–2003 was considered.	2
notation in the Scopus database from 2004 to 2013), is consistent with the steady increase noticed in recent years of publications that have been indexed in the two databases WOS and Scopus (Michels and Schmoch 2012).	4
Little is known about whether individual scholars would choose to publish a paper in a high-status journal if it would garner similar or lower levels of scholarly impact than a paper published in a lower-status journal.	1
Pelz of the Survey Research Center, University of Michigan, for providing me with these data.	0
The results of our econometric analysis suggest that HEIs which have a higher number of PhD student-teacher ratios enjoy a higher publication rate but this tapers off beyond a threshold (negative coefficient of squared variable).	4
This study analyzes how the accumulation of knowledge takes place in para-scientific areas, focusing on the case of Analytic Philosophy.	1
Firstly, the advance query executed in the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection had an h-index value of 106, meaning that relevant publications had more than 106 citations (Appendix A, Table A1).	4
As a result, a fresh look at a publication's place in the global research community is offered.	4
We constructed three disciplinary data sets in areas of our interest based on the keyword searches: "immunology," "metabolism,” and “applied physics."	2
Data from CAplus, which is a bibliographic database in science and technology provided by the American Chemical Society and the Information Department Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS), were used for the experiment.	2
Collaborative multi-institutional and multinational research produces articles that have hundreds and even thousands of authors with many granting agencies.	1
The final measure of productivity is the teaching dimension (or educational productivity PE), which is dependent on the teaching load indicated by the interviewees in the variables (see Table 5) (VAR-C40, VAR-C41, VAR-C43) in the questionnaire.	3
Scholarly pirate resources are not the preferred way to access paywalled documents.	5
Keyword co-occurrence [28], co-authorship [29], and co-citation analysis [30] techniques were used to scientifically map the articles on text mining in management.	3
After excluding the 16 citing articles, 908 citing articles containing 1,142 citation contexts were analyzed.	2
The number of citations also significantly increased with an increase in the proportion of self-citations (Estimated β±s.e.: 3.45±0.34, t = 10.01, p<0.001; Fig.	4
Specifically, we statistically estimate the best empirical value of the exponent c for each of the eight selected journals individually and in combination by fitting the bibliometric distribution function of Generalized Lotka's Law in Equation (2) to the empirical frequency distribution of publications given in Table 3.	3
5a and Table 5, which show the ROC curves and performance metrics values based on the JLIF benchmark, the proposed MLMRJR model performs better than PageRank, HITS, P-Rank, and MutualRank, except for in the LCS methods based on AUC values.	4
National Institutes of Health (NIH) at a major U.S. Medical School between 2009 and 2019 (COVID-19 pandemic started in early 2020), inclusive, that received RD office help (N=188; comprising 75% of all proposals supported by the office).	2
Moreover, there was a significant relationship between the RG score and Scopus citation metrics (p-value <0.05).	4
The most striking finding of our survey is that the vast majority of respondents reported receiving peer review feedback that they found to be substantive in nature.	4
Spain is the fasted growing LIS research country in the world, with an average annual research growth of 28.7%, and is closely followed by Australia and China.	4
This procedure may have produced results lower than the real values of the h-index, but it did not influence the general results of the present study.	0
The NREF database was queried to identify NREF winners from 2000 to 2015.	2
We employed three different indexes of similarity/ dissimilarity: Salton's cosine similarity index (Eq.	3
Perhaps some of these documents would not otherwise be indexed by search engines such as Google, so they would be "invisible" to Web searchers, and clearly some would be similarly invisible to Web of Science users because it is dominated by academic journals.	0
Second, we aimed to get as many faculty members as possible who already had ORCID iDs to expand their use of ORCID.	1
The article is a unit of work in science.	5
We have every reason to celebrate our journal's third birthday, because this is perhaps the most significant milestone in the life of a new journal: the first opportunity when its impact on the wider scientific community can be adequately assessed.	0
Of the observational studies, the majority were case reports (44%) and cross-sectional studies (32%), followed by case control (9%), case series (7%) and retrospective analysis (6%), while only 2% were cohort studies.	4
The time window is selected from 2015 to 2019, and 7,040 valid papers are finally obtained (remove the announcement from the editorial department, etc.).	2
In addition, we showed that the relationship between continuity and citation impact was significantly positive, and was stronger if the collaboration pairs included female scholars.	4
Our closeness values are computed with Dijkstra implemented in a functional programming routine.	3
Performing a maximum likelihood estimate on Lotka's full data set and the family of discrete power laws, the result is α = 1.9665 and the log likelihood is -11,705.1 (Tables 1 and 2).	4
Drawn from a more diverse range of sources, and evaluated over multiple different data collections, the 18 items that make up OSI_2.0 reflect the same basic strategy.	3
The findings of the study indicate that the investigated Nobel laureates' journal publications had relatively few incidences of text matching of others' works, while about 30% of their publications had zero matching of any sources.	5
Descriptive statistics indicate that predatory publications represent a small overall proportion, but grew exponentially in the last 5 years.	4
Note: DE, author keyword; TA, total articles; %, occurrence frequency (the ratio of articles with the keyword to all articles with keywords in prescriptive period); ↑↓, occurrence frequency rose or dropped (compared with previous stage)	0
The first quartile (Q?) is the middle number between the smallest number and the median of the data set.	0
Machiavellianism was positively associated (beta 1.28, CI 1.06 – 1.53) with self-reported research misbehavior while narcissism, psychopathy and self-esteem were not.	4
The number of citations per year was higher in the open access period (median 3.0 vs 2.0, P<0.001).	4
the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) and the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI).	2
In particular, ESI defines highly cited papers as those that rank in the top 1% of citations for their respective fields and publication years.	2
Within this environment public outreach is a well-recognised activity, and it may be that scientists in these disciplines view Twitter, along with other social media tools such as blogs, in addition to more traditional avenues, as another tool for outreach.	5
The rise and consolidation of Chinese institutions in the most prominent rankings in recent years is also the result of the intensive and targeted efforts of Chinese science policy strategists and university managers to promote precisely the methods and indicators required for success in these rankings.	5
Out of the 1075 individuals in the sample, 1034 had data on at least one of the scholarly impact metrics.	2
As a result of our network analysis, we could note the existence of some definable scientific hubs in communication studies.	5
Of 112,668 publications initially identified, 125 were ultimately included in the present study following screening by 2 independent reviewers.	2
The findings presented above suggest that, although commercial publishers are moving towards OA [57], that shift could lead to APCs far higher than the current level, especially in the case of for-profit professional publishers such as Elsevier.	5
The support provided by the Major Project of National Social Science Fund (No.17ZDA292) is acknowledged.	0
For papers in the top 1% cited papers (Fig 5) the correlation is about 0.5.	4
A large majority (24, 77.4%) of required courses were awarded zero (13, 41.9%) or one credit (11, 35.5%), with a mode of zero (n=13).	4
The purpose of this article is to examine developments in researcher activity over the period at the level of the individual researcher, controlling for increases in the share of researchers in the university sector that produces scientific publications.	1
This research study discovered that Croatian journals suffer from many of the same problems experienced in other regions of the world, but they are also burdened with challenges such as lack of support for their editorial work (spending too much time on their editorial work and insufficient funding) and problems with reviewers (substandard reviews) that could seriously affect the quality of the journals.	5
We used the New Quality and Quantity Indices in Science platform to analyze global NSI research (n=2987 articles) over the past 115 years using the Web of Science and parameters such as global versus country-specific research activities, semi-qualitative issues, and socioeconomic figures.	2
The EC document also stipulates that the “embargo period" of "green open" model and the archived version at various moments in time, may depend on the agreement between publishers and authors.	0
Is productivity distribution highly skewed in every field?	1
The evaluation was performed by 14 panels – one for each broad research area.	3
Closed-access journals, measured by median, have higher citation sentiment scores for each of the four quartiles than open-access journals (Figure 3).	4
We include articles with at least 10 citations (Wang et al., 2013; Shen et al., 2014), resulting in 14,788 articles in PR, 33,203 in PRB, and 40,292 in PRL.	2
3588 of the 5793 total education policies had a citation relationship with another policy.	2
Section 2 presents the ISI Web of Science and the actual selection of journals in the analysis.	0
As a result, we propose two methods to normalize OA share; by WoS subject categories and by disciplines.	1
2018) was used as the book source, because it has indexed over 1 M monographs and edited volumes, and over 9 M chapters, making it the largest index of its type.	2
3We use this term to refer to the wider, social application of research outside of its traditional field literature.	0
Based on our sample, in the field of oncology, 42% of recent journal articles are behind the pay-wall (non-OA) one year after publication; the "Green road" of providing OA is more common than the "Gold road"; OA is associated with higher citation counts.	5
This paper presents a study of innovation policy configurations in two BRICS countries, Russia and China; the fastest growing and most innovative countries in recent years.	1
Overall, we found strong evidence that including productivity as a person-covariate improves model fit, while at the same time reliability (on average across models incorporating productivity) decreased along with increasing model fit.	5
College of Global Business, Korea University Sejong Campus, 2511 Sejong-ro, Sejong 30019, Republic of Korea	0
I then used stratified sampling for the five main categories of journals to obtain a sample of 97 peer-reviewed journals.	2
We found a total of 2960 published items for the 11 years of the sample.	2
The institutions have been chosen on the basis of having published at least 100 scientific documents of any type, that is, articles, reviews, short reviews, letters, conference papers, etc.	2
In this analysis, we discovered that papers' titles became longer, from a mean of 8.71 words in 1900 to a mean of 11.83 words in 2014 (see Fig.	4
Compared to the original versions, economists judge edited versions as higher quality; they are more likely to accept edited versions for a conference; and they believe that edited versions have a better chance of being accepted at a good journal.	4
Second, we construct a 3D product heat map for each video that has the same dimension as the engagement heat map.	3
Results show that all the seventeen articles studied project the CAGR value either with positive or negative.	4
Furthermore, this study examines the evolution of engagement by various categories of Mendeley user groups, aiming to deepen our understanding of the nature of attention captured by Mendeley readership data.	1
2 Editor-in-Chief, CIN: Computers, Informatics, Nursing and Nurse Author & Editor, President and Owner, Maine Desk LLC, Portland, ME, USA	0
TC2020: the total number of citations from Web of Science Core Collection since publication year to the end of 2020.	0
These awards were the Jack Block Award for distinguished research in personality (2000–2015), the Donald T.	2
For this study, we draw upon a large sample of GRFP awardees and honorable mentions to identify a comparable set of S&E graduate programs.	2
The main string used to retrieve the data on date palm was as follows:	2
The second proposed equation is a combination of three sub-indicators, namely: citations per article, articles per researcher, and percentage of non-cited articles.	3
Consequently, it was decided to retrospectively scan two entire published journal volumes in anonymized form to explore measures to more predictively identify true plagiarism and self-plagiarism and to potentially provide guidelines for future screening of incoming manuscripts.	1
3 However, we had to exclude 9 HEIs from this analysis (1 from Switzerland, 2 from the Netherlands and 6 from the United Kingdom): for these HEIs, student numbers were reported for fields for which no staff was reported.	0
Hence, to be credible, self-archiving requires an alternative mechanism for funding peer review.	0
In this paper, we analyze a relatively recent commercial strategy used by large academic publishers to capitalize on the brand names of their most prestigious scientific journals.	1
Social media platforms: Twitter, Reddit, Quora, and other social media platforms have emerged as alternative forums for probing and extracting information pertinent to the space technology narrative.	2
For ARC industry partners there were three main types of industry partner involvement that emerged from the data: formal supporter, responsive audience and integral partner (adapted from Ross et al., 2003).	4
Counting ERC grant winners by their nationality shows a clear dominance of Western European countries, especially the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, as indicated in Fig.	4
Records of articles and review articles published by the MIOC were obtained from the SciELO, PubMed, and WoS databases.	2
Non-thesis-related publications were included up to 1 year after the medical thesis defense and medical thesis publications were included without date limits.	2
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether a sparse and relatively small giant component (GC) will capture highly productive authors.	1
Salaries in academia lag behind those of industry [18,22,23].	4
Correlations between Mendeley readers and citation counts were calculated to ascertain the relationship between readership counts and citation counts for both conference and journal articles.	3
Second, papers of high academic quality are more heavily cited by patents, while the number of paper-patent citations increases by 0.036 when the number of paper-paper citations increases by one (H2).	5
The general perception is that valorisation is considered an extra at best.	4
The questionnaire employed a combination of multiple-choice and single-choice questions, and for assessing the degree of agreement, a Likert five-point scale was employed.	3
The average number of a little over 100 joint papers annually in the first five-year interval has increased nearly four times for the year 2016.	4
Smith, 5 Horton Drive, Middleton Cheney, Banbury, Oxfordshire OX17 2LP, UK.	0
Table 5 provides the distribution of answers by different age groups, together with the balanced worth (normalised so that the mean equals 1) and the normalised means of the different age groups (global mean equals 1).	2
The first step will be to replicate Yates and Chapman's original study for the years 2010 and 2015 to determine whether any more definitive trends have emerged.	3
The h-index and other bibliometric indicators of these editorial board members were obtained using both the Web of Science (WoS) and Google Scholar (GS) databases.	2
It is currently unknown how many publications in the medical imaging literature are retracted and for which reasons.	1
The initial resulting publications were scoped down to 1328 publications for use through a process of reviewing all titles and abstracts individually for fit to the study scope (S4 Table).	2
The research data were gathered from Web of Science Service.	2
Whether authors can be well identified or not is still an open problem.	0
The method consists of a descriptive quantitative study in which a structured questionnaire was administered to a representative sample of the population studied (n=500), with a sampling error of ± 4.47% and a confidence level of 95%.	2
Therefore, we need to change the selection regime so that it selects for scientific excellence and not for a proxy that can be accumulated by misconduct.	5
Most of articles are written by four co-authors (Fig.	4
The betweenness centrality outperformed degree centrality by matching 25 prominent scholars.	4
Ignacio Giménez-Nadal for their help in some aspects of the data treatment and visualization.	0
The results show that transformational leadership has a significant moderating effect on the relationship between cognitive heterogeneity and innovation performance, while it does not have a significant moderating effect on the relationship between discipline heterogeneity and organisational heterogeneity.	5
The impact factor and the mean citation frequency of editors of international chemistry journals	0
This refers to the observation that Twitter is a hybrid form of social media between an information service and a social network service.	5
CT, computed tomography; MRI, magnetic resonance imaging; PET, positron emission tomography.	0
ssibbald@uwo.ca, Faculty of Heal th Sciences and Schulich Interfaculty Program in Public Health;	0
Belinda Tiffen, Ashley England, Mal Booth, Henry Boateng, University of Technology Sydney, Australia	0
The United States had the highest quantity (51% of total) and highest of mean impact factor (8.852) for publication.	4
(2017), this work delves into questions of the correlation between citedness of a publication and the impact of the host journal, extending the analysis to all STEM fields in the Italian academic system.	5
We chose MEDLINE database for selecting relevant studies for the following reasons: (1) It covers over 5600 worldwide biomedicine and health journals1?.	2
Merton, 1973), suggesting that academic recruitment is subject to particularistic considerations.	5
Authors have mostly worked in a team of three and have preferred to work with authors from their respective institutions.	4
Hence, we can claim that the article network is more symmetric and homogeneous, and that the collaboration of researchers in papers is more democratic than the relation defined by the projects.	5
A total of 1122 questionnaires were distributed in this survey, with 1013 valid responses received, resulting in a questionnaire effective retrieval rate of 90%.	2
In summary, we define the variable access status as a dichotomous one, comprised of two attributes: Gold OA journal articles published in DOAJ listed journals; and subscription journal articles of which no self-archived versions are available.	3
Jo?o Paulo Mota Telles: conceptualization, validation, writing review and editing, supervision.	0
A total of 411 journals from 14 SciELO national collections were classified into the following areas: 357 in health sciences (including medicine, nursing and physiotherapy, dentistry and pharmacy) and 54 in Psychology.	2
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
denotes a possible shift with respect to the year of publication.	0
All authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.	0
Second, network visualization analysis is applied to illustrate the links and connections between terms by using the VOSviewer software.	3
Google and Bing, were used to collect the data for examining the RWIF for subject websites.	3
2) Is EFL learner autonomy significantly associated with their motivation and psychological well-being in online language learning?	1
The objective is to identify the role of scientific divulgation in the recovery of science's credibility and combat post-truth and the possibilities of using social networks for scientific divulgation by public universities.	1
From 1 April 2016, academics are required to forward the acceptance notification email, attaching their accepted manuscript, to the Library.	3
The results presented in Table 4 suggest that Model 2 has the highest probability of being the best among the models considered.	4
We used five-year impact factor values from a given year and rankings designed within the subject categories and not the points to avoid biases caused by changes in the range of points assigned to the A list.	3
the use made of the work within the discipline of Social Policy).	3
When analyzing the evolving pattern of academic genealogy graphs, account was taken to the time measurement called Academic Age (AA), which can be defined as the time (in years) since an academic has obtained his/her highest degree.	3
The few exceptions noted at the discipline level (Table 10), for each type of collaboration, give reason for reflection, since they necessarily call into question the specific natures and the distinctive behavior of the scientists of these disciplines.	5
The period analyzed covers 1995 to 2009 and all documents containing an “Address” including at least one Spanish or German institution are collected.	2
Isidro Aguillo is Head of the Internet laboratory in the Department of Bibliometrics and Document Analysis in Science and Technology, Centre of Scientific Information and Documentation, Madrid, Spain.	0
This study focuses on three different features like citation count, similarity score and section-wise weights for in-text citations.	3
We have proposed a general method for improving the h-index that is based on the form of the citation distribution.	5
To explore factors influencing research interest and productivity and perceived barriers to conducting research in Oral Medicine (OM).	1
But the pressure to increase publications, rather than to enhance knowledge dissemination, has created a context that has allowed predatory journals to flourish in South Africa, as emerged in the data.	4
The main difference of ScientoPy with respect to the other tools are: (a) the capability to support seamlessly the both databases (WoS and Scopus); (b) the ability to find topics using search wildcards; (c) trend analysis based on AGR; (d) command line user interface that allows us to generate a single batch script that performs all the operations needed for our analysis, with only a single order or command execution.	5
Thus, by adjusting the degree of attention given to each concept that constitutes the concept hierarchy graph and modifying this graph in accordance with the input query, we are able to realize a relevant literature search that considers user intention.	3
However, this paper is oriented in the opposite direction analyzing how social factors could be influencing scientific results.	1
The following specifications demonstrate that results are not sensitive to using alternative measures of the two shocks.	0
In cases where questions are related, the authors have combined the summaries.	0
The study retrieves articles from the SCIE database of the Web of Science (WoS).	2
The manuscript makes a qualitative comparison of different bibliometric indicators and is organized as follows.	3
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
The parameters of the correlation k and α are calculated using the Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) method because it produces fitted values with the smallest error (Leguendre and Leguendre 2012) and also, because OLS is asymmetric (Smith 2009).	3
In sum, CFF has funded $75 million in Vertex up to the introduction of Kalydeco?	4
Using a two-state regime switching vector smooth autoregressive model, we find unidirectional Granger causality from research output to GDP in the full sample.	3
Thus, open access to publications in national languages is vital for the local relevance and outreach of research.	5
Roughly 4 years after the boycott started, it seems appropriate to evaluate its impact and contemplate its future.	1
This paper has explored the tales of 12 highly cited papers across a wide range of disciplines, how the first authors of these papers themselves view the process behind the paper and whether their stories contain elements of serendipity.	5
We have collected research output data of the five IISERs, published during the period 2010–14, and indexed in the Web of Science (WoS) (http://www.webofknowledge.com).	2
The second highest concentration index is subpanel SH06, which is 'The Study of the Human Past', firmly within the humanities.	4
To determine the content composition, the number of total objects in the repository was recorded, and the content of each repository was reviewed and classified into the following categories:	3
This study describes a method for identifying hijacked journal domains based on an analysis of the archives of clone journals.	1
We may conclude that the true purpose of gN is not to represent a new stand-alone index, but, less ambitiously, to introduce a simple tool for improving the discrimination power of the g index—a new measure of impact and concentration that can be used in conjunction with g, e.g., for better differentiating among scientists with similar levels of the g-index—in order to obtain a more complete understanding and ranking, beyond the value of g, when needed.	5
Nicolás Robinson-García is currently supported by an FPU grant from the Ministerio de Educación y Ciencia of the Spanish Government.	0
We examined the inter-relationship between race and other pertinent variables of research productivity of scholars in South Africa, drawing data from two waves of study.	1
Here, we highlight the extensive use of predatory publications or editorial board involvement by applicants applying for a faculty position in the Pharmaceutical Sciences department at the Bill Gatton College of Pharmacy at East Tennessee State University.	1
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
First, the initial awarding of book prizes was accomplished through peer review, but citation counts can validate whether award-winning books subsequently garnered more scholarly recognition than non-award-winners.	5
3) What are the areas of disciplinary focus and how do they compare globally?	1
For each JEL category, we add up all the JEL codes listed in the papers and divide their sum by the total number of papers.	3
1 The top three regions whose authors were in ophthalmology department using choropleth map	0
f(max(x, y)) = max {f(x), f(y)} for all sequences x, y ∈ X.	3
This article describes the data harvesting and conversion process, its current limitations and plans for future development.	1
Aiming to find out the differences of citation and usage between funded papers and non-funded papers, Citation Difference (CD) and Usage Difference (UD) are proposed.	3
a The unit of the currency is one hundred million Won (As of 2004, 1 dollar equals 1,150 Won).	0
A second issue is that the method identified research that was cited, but not necessarily all the research that was considered during policy development.	5
The article presents a model of the academic review process, which assumes that authors are fully informed about their article's quality whereas referees and editors only get noisy signals (as opposed to the more common assumption in the literature, that editors perfectly observe article quality during the review process).	1
Each panel deals with one group of disciplines: the biological sciences; the mathematical, physical and chemical sciences; engineering, earth and applied sciences; and the humanities and social sciences.	0
In this study we investigate a globally distributed research program and ask how the researchers interact to move their research forward.	1
4) would increase the number of subject areas for which the difference between Spain and the UK is statistically significant from six to all eight.	4
These results clearly indicate that the quality of higher education and science has a clearly defined positive impact on the size of GDP per capita, and that government investment in the development of higher education and science is one of the most important development potentials of any country.	5
This essay makes three interrelated claims: first, that functions and political usages of quantification are many and varied; second, that only some of them owe their existence to the New Public Management model, while others, and arguably much older ones (see below), developed independently of it; third, that the prevalence of a certain mode of quantification reflects a wider perception of the causes of academic underperformance.	5
RESEARCH ARTICLE | Copyright ?2022 Undersea & Hyperbaric Medical Society, Inc.	0
Evidence for Hypotheses 4 and 5 with the 2017 data is presented in the online appendix.	0
Using this metrics suite, we assess the health of 11 software engineering conferences over a period of more than 10 years.	1
Research publications on tools to support the systematic review process were analysed using two tools to enable the mapping of the literature; Yale MeSH Analyser and VOS viewer text-mining software.	3
Beverly Hills, Los Angeles, and Long Beach, Calif.; and Lexington, Ky.	0
In practice, we found that contacting multiple authors of the same publication for adjudication improved the accuracy of the attribution process.	5
This paper is a revised and extended version of the paper entitled "The thesis paradox: an empirical investigation on the impact of doctoral research" that was originally presented at the 9th International Conference on Science and Technology Indicators, held in Leuven, Belgium, in September 2006.	0
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Comparably, the average degree (i.e., co-occurrence) is lower in the author-supplied keywords network, indicating that the network is less densely connected.	4
This article examines the rise in co-authorship in the Social Sciences over a 34-year period.	1
Since the engineering journals have more application research, their SCIE journal articles were consumed and in decline quickly compared to natural science, which pursue more fundamental science research.	5
The composite score was not created in an identical fashion to Cox and Catt (1977), but the authors displayed the productivity ranks in comparison to their predecessors.	0
When the national scientific production (sum of IF) was compared taking into account socioeconomic variables, Australia and Scandinavian countries performed very well, opposite to all main asbestos producers like Russia, China, and Brazil (except for Canada).	4
The JIF information was obtained from the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) 2016 provided by the Web of Science.	2
To compute the rescaled PageRank score R(p) for a given paper i, we evaluate the paper's PageRank score pi as well as the mean μ?(p) and standard deviation o?(p) of PageRank score for papers published in a similar time as i.	3
Table 1 Concentration rate of the first 4 publishers considering CR4 (%)	0
We assume that the citation rate of a paper is a random variable X that is distributed as a two-parameter Weibull distribution, with CDF F(x; a, β) = 1 ?	3
We attempted to conduct a topic-specific citation analysis considering the paucity of specified bib- liometrics in medical literature.	1
Excluding Physics, most extreme publishing authors were in Clinical Medicine, but from 2016 to 2022 the largest relative increases (>sixfold) were seen in Agriculture, Fisheries & Forestry, Biology, and Mathematics and Statistics.	4
Once all eleven annual models are created, micro-communities from adjacent years are linked together if they have more than a ~30% overlap in their references.	3
This paper provides a relatively broad perspective for the evaluation of SVM scientific researches, and reveals the development trend in this field.	1
Journal impact factors and global rankings of the institutional affiliations of the authors of the retracted and control articles were retrieved from the 2012 ISI Journal Citation Reports (JCR) and the 2014 Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) respectively and integrated into the publication dataset.	3
Taken together, policies aimed at increasing Open Access publications should take into account the demand for services, from researchers, and the financing needs for publication.	5
This study provides evidence that GS finds significantly more citations than the WoS Core Collection and Scopus across all subject areas.	5
***p < 0.001; **p < 0.01; *p < 0.05; +p < 0.10.	0
Section III describes the dataset and research methods; Section IV discusses the main findings; Section V highlights the limitations of the study; and Section VI concludes with a discussion of policy and management implications.	0
2 for the full time period i.e., 1990–2014.	4
The 2017 Scopus report included 265 radiology journals.	4
Of 257 unique journals, 12 (5%) required STROBE on submission, 22 (9%) suggested use, 12 (5%) recommended a "relevant guideline", 72 (28%) mentioned it indirectly (via editorial policies or ICMJE Recommendations), and 139 (54%) did not mention STROBE.	4
In comparison with the networks presented in the studies conducted by Gossart and Ozman [10], Osareh & Baji [12] and, Mansouri [13] co-author network of Iranian researchers in SSCI is denser.	5
The number of institutions, in contrast, scales sublinearly with the number of researchers, thus following Heaps' law.	4
A total of 248 articles were extracted through a search engine, Google (http://news.	2
This paper analyses the research in Library and Information Science (LIS) and reports on (1) the status of LIS research in 2015 and (2) on the evolution of LIS research longitudinally from 1965 to 2015.	1
I learn vector representations of controlled vocabularies assigned to Medline articles to obtain a translational axis that points from basic science to clinical medicine.	3
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no known competing financial interests or personal relationships that could have appeared to influence the work reported in this paper.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Finally, we searched for temporal trends in the most common terms (article title and keywords) for five periods (1876-1950; 1951–1989; 1991-2000; 2001-2010; 2011–2021).	3
This research pilots the development of a new metric termed "impactability" which is a score that evaluates a high risk members likelihood of benefitting from an intervention.	1
Results show that there is a low correlation of these indices with h-index, and in identifying exceptional performers of a field these indices perform better than h-index.	4
2) HistCite: The scientometric software used for analyzing the retrieved raw data in a text file.	3
Here, we aim to establish automated and semi-automated approaches to identify early indicators of published research with great potential.	1
This accounts for 0.07% of all articles published (a total of 190 514 articles excluding supplements, corrections, retractions and commissioned content).	2
Our bibliometric and survey-based approach supported that establishing collaborations with researchers from developed countries and publishing in high impact factor journals are correlated with the career-long impact of Chilean-based animal behavioralists, and that this association is not contingent on gender, or influenced by the role (first or corresponding author) played by collaborators.	5
The goal of the present paper is to quantify the scientific comparative advantages of the EU countries across various research areas and assess their development over time with a special focus on possible convergence between the old and the new member states.	1
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
Due to 29 articles being written in a language other than English and five articles citing the meta-analysis in the reference section and not in the main text, the final data set included 1,090 articles (thus, a total of 34 articles was excluded).	2
We use nested Cox regressions [52], which estimate how variables increase or decrease the odds of an event, in this case: tenure.	3
Next, it studies the most influential journals and an analysis of the most influential institutions.	1
This is a lesson we should learn before introducing post-publication review as a common practice in scientific publishing in substitution of traditional pre-publication peer review.	0
Although some of the reviewed journals seem to have higher scores across the different indicators we analyzed, it is evident that depending on the indicator or the database utilized, journals may change their positioning in comparison to the others (de Araújo & Sardinha, 2011).	5
In Round 2, a report was returned to participants containing draft summary statements (eg, “The reviewer is timely in their actions related to the review”) and quotes from the participants that were used to create the summary statements (eg, "responding to the request to review in a timely manner").	3
The number of citations was the standard measure for a publication's impact (Buela-Casal, Medina, Viedma, Godoy, Lozano, & Torres 2004; Buela-Casal & López, 2005).	3
Moreover, the relationship between this taxonomy and the JCR bibliometric indicators and its predictive capacity of the taxonomy is explored through a CHAID tree.	3
Age shows a systematically negative impact on the response variable, invariable over time: all odds ratios below 1 and decreasing similarly with age in both periods.	4
To get the relevant sample an amount of bibliographic data on CEE authors was crucial.	0
The publications co-cited with i are used to define the field of publication i.	3
These communities are consistent with those identified with other clustering approaches like hierarchical clustering as well (see Additional file 1, Sect.	0
(2) What is the productivity by gender of authors in the MENA region, by country and field?	1
Currently, IJIMAI is indexed in the important database Emerging Sources Citation Index.	2
Data management and calculation were performed using Microsoft Excel (version 2013; Microsoft Corporation, Redmond, WA).	3
The regime of the management of irrelevance operates by locating such spaces of practice between the submissive and the exotic.	5
If collaborations in consortia were excluded, then the largest increase in impact from internationalization over the observed period was seen in space science, followed by immunology, psychiatry/psychology, pharmacology, and toxicology.	4
This study characterizes the volume and visibility of Latin American scientific output in the area of Public Health, through a combined analysis of bibliometric, socioeconomic and health indicators of the top 10 Latin American producers of documents.	1
From 2013 to 2016, the productivity of the post-Bologna Ph.D.	4
Using citation data from a cross-sectional sample of 2,088 papers in 50 systems conferences from 2017, we examine four research areas of investigation: overall distribution of systems citations; their evolution over time; the differences between databases (Google Scholar and Scopus), and; the characteristics of self-citations in the field.	1
To that end, we have first filtered from the COVID-NMA database a set of 1,794 records exclusively related to vaccination.	2
Newly developed indicators of TCyear, CPPyear, SNI, and CPPSNI were employed for the concrete analysis.	3
The lack of balance between disease burden and global health research attention has been well-documented by different studies using WHO Global Burden of Disease data, on the one hand, and different estimates of research effort, such as project funding or publication data, on the other [4–10].	1
This paper investigates the publishing and authorship practices of early career researchers (ECRs), the newest and biggest wave of scholarly researchers.	1
We found that post-Soviet countries contribute differently to the overall publication output, with only Russia, Lithuania, and Estonia having more than 100 articles in journals indexed in Scopus.	4
where the mathematical form of f depends on a set of axioms to be proposed.	0
Participants were invited to partake in an online survey reporting basic information, family socioeconomic status, Internet self-efficacy, and their online academic help-seeking behaviors, which takes approximately 5–15 min to complete.	2
Framework for scoring the scientific reputation of researchers	1
The two main components of the evolutionary pathway of network public opinion were the evolution of the disaster itself and its evolution in the social sphere.	4
Disclaimer Any opinion, finding, and conclusion or recommendation expressed in this material is that of the author(s), and the funding agencies do not accept any liability in this regard.	0
Using the active nanotechnology keyword set, and following data cleaning, we identified more than 46,000 active nanotechnology publications issued between 1990 and 2010 within our global nanotechnology dataset, or 6.1 % of all nanotechnology publications.	4
MRI replaced conventional radiography and CT as the imaging technique of choice in imaging research.	5
The first authors of original research articles from the 3 journals (Archives of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, Journal of Rehabilitation Medicine, and PM&R) from January 2009 to December 2011 were the subjects of our study.	2
It identified the 100 articles with the highest number of citations that were utilized in subsequent journal articles and published in PEC since 1985.	5
The aim of this study was to perform a bibliometric evaluation of bioethics papers by authors affiliated with Ibero-American institutions, and to determine how their work influences global bioethics literature.	1
Using discipline-specific terms, bibliometric, and thematic analysis, I collected the literature on Africa-related IRC research indexed in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS).	2
Themes that emerged from the survey, interviews and written narratives were triangulated with documents.	3
Bibliographic coupling, first introduced in Kessler (1961), occur when a single item or several items of reference is shared by two papers.	3
The top four countries (Australia, USA, Brazil, UK) contribute more than 50% of all authors, and the top 10 countries contribute 70% of all authors (S1 Table).	4
Consequently, the database of 1139 papers will be analysed alongside the present paper.	2
This paper mainly uses bibliometric methods to study the field of SVM.	3
The results suggest that geographic biases may persist or even be exacerbated on platforms designed to promote unfettered access to early research findings.	5
A total of 562 articles related to ICT in South Asia were retrieved using the following search query in the WoS database:	2
Here, we propose a paper-level, citation-based indicator ?, representing our first contribution.	3
We do so by constructing year-to-year bibliographic coupling networks, and identify in them validated communities that represent different research fields.	1
To gain more insight in scientific integrity in the field of cardiovascular imaging research by conducting a survey among all corresponding authors who published in cardiovascular imaging journals.	1
Using inter-institutional collaboration data, this paper is targeted to fill this gap by addressing these research questions: (1) does openness to international collaboration enhance one's knowledge creation, (2) how can domestic ties and foreign ties be combined with openness to achieve superior knowledge creation, and (3) what are the implications for international collaboration and knowledge network structure?	1
Respect for each other's country's scientific contributions, interpersonal diplomacy, and personal interconnections further strengthened their work together.	4
The most-cited papers were concentrated in three journals, but the top three cited papers were published elsewhere.	5
However, the DID variable (CTSA POST) is not significantly positive (across APT and TS publications), which means translational science publications in CTSA institutions did not enjoy greater increases upon receipt of CTSAs than those in non-CTSA institutions.	4
In particular, the authors use the large volumes of COVID-19 research literature as a case study for topic modeling based literature analysis.	1
This research was developed under the sponsorship of the Spanish National Research Plan, research projects SEC 95-0082 and INF95-1287-E.	0
As to the specific trends, the proportion of MPI competing R01 awards at NHLBI increased from 13% to 21%; at DCVS from 11% to 20%; and at VBHB from 7% to 12%, from 2010 to 2014, respectively.	4
The data for our analysis were drawn from several data- bases: The ROAR (Registry of OA Repositories) provided a database of all open access repositories (ROAR, 2015; http:// roar.eprints.org).	2
Using a sample of 314 members of Chinese university research teams, we show that management, operations, evaluation, team building, and collaborating with industry to facilitate interdisciplinary cooperation all have significantly positive effects on the research productivity of university research teams.	2
On this large time scale, the series shown agree with most recent analysis.	0
Her research interests are mostly in domain of scientometrics, particularly in the subject of bibliometric mapping.	0
The purpose of the analysis is twofold: to estimate the h-index (when it cannot be determined directly from the data) and hence at the same time to identify the main factors which influence the level of the h-index.	1
The total number of citations and h-index were calculated using the Scopus platform individually for each author and the studied period of time.	3
Through a qualitative approach, this study identified a specific subgroup of intellectual virtues necessary for developing interdisciplinary research.	1
In order to improve the convenience and efficiency in data processing, statistical analysis and information retrieval, the CSSCI database is divided into nine databanks.	2
The population of this study was all English Medical Journals with Impact factor in WoS and ISC since the establishment of English Journals Citation Reports in Iranian database, starting from (2006) to the last journal citation reports of this database, which is in 2009.	2
The Netherlands, the United States, the United Kingdom, and Australia were the countries that sought and shared the most information on COVID-19 vaccines, likely due to their high numbers of COVID-19 cases.	4
Conditional logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratio (OR) with 95% confidence intervals adjusted for a pre-specified baseline confounder (open access).	3
I fit both the models using a Maximum Likelihood (ML) estimator assuming a normal distribution of the dependent variable (namely, the RI score).	3
Hypothesis: From 2008 to 2017, the production of French orthopedists has increased in quantity and quality in orthopedics and other medical fields.	1
The most recent period is best understood, in terms of this general indicator, as a somewhat typical postwar recovery from a trough, leading to an overshooting and a contemporary recovery to oscillation in the neighborhood of the long-term average growth rate.	0
The SCI-based measures play an increasing role in Science Indicators /10-12/and other national reports.	0
The averaged h-index is strongly correlated with number of citations in the specialty (r = 0.94, Figure 6), while there is no significant correlation between hf and the number of citations in the specialty (the “citation opportunity”; r = -0.097, Figure 7).	4
This algorithm is available in Pajek, where it is called “through vertices in cluster.”	3
Most papers were from Europe (54%) and North America (31%).	4
In total, these top 100 researchers published 20,661 journal articles during the 13-year study period.	2
Country-wise, Italy, France, and the USA emerged as forerunners in fostering research productivity.	4
The analysis suggests that great annual fluctuations and abnormalities in grant allocations have far-reaching consequences for individual career prospects, especially for the younger generation of researchers, and might also question the sustainability of the overall national academic labor market.	5
The Node Classifier is trained to recognize the discipline candidates that have similar features to those already present in classification schemes by combining the results from the previous module with candidates’ graph-based features.	3
Our analysis of co-authorship links discovers clusters of publishing activity, presumably a consequence of acolytes attaching themselves to senior individuals.	5
This process involved a constant comparative approach to move back and forth between data, discussions, and ongoing reading of the academic literature.	3
Primary care patients age 18 and older with at least I pain condition for 12 weeks or more in duration are stratified based on pain severity ratings and randomized into (a) ACT intervention or (b) control group [Enhanced Treatment as Usual (E-TAU)].	2
The top 150 articles were published from 21 countries, with 62% originating from the USA.	4
A search by using the source title in Scopus was performed on 18th May, 2020, which resulted in 392 records.	2
Programs with increased resident research time did not consistently produce publications with higher SJR than those without dedicated research time.	4
Additionally, the supervisory institution was an important factor that affected the degree of centrality in the evolving education policy network.	4
For more technical details on the development of the neural network, refer to (Miranda- González et al., 2020).	0
Los autores firmantes declaramos que tuvimos participación en la formulación de la propuesta, obtención de la información, análisis de esta y escritura del manuscrito.	0
A total of 10 specific research topics were identified, with their probability timelines, in hospitality research.	4
Moving forward, countries need to consider how funding opportunities shape the size and organization of distinct research efforts, and which arrangements are best suited to making meaningful progress on different problems of societal and scientific interest.	1
The results of this study indicate that Chinese bibliometric databases, or a combination of WoS and Chinese bibliometric databases, should be used to evaluate Chinese research performance except in the few disciplines in which Chinese research performance could be assessed using WoS only.	4
We suggest the use of these models to complement peer review evaluations but not as a substitute method.	5
By cross-referencing these datasets, we assess both the temporal dynamics of the prepublication process and the interdisciplinary level of each paper, resulting in a dataset of 4,249,686 papers spanning the years 1965 to 2016.	2
One policy implication would be that it is about time for Korean universities to upgrade the standards for tenure reviews, promotions, and salary increments.	5
From the overall distribution of the research themes in strategic diagram, we can see that there were only two topics on the right side of y-axis.	4
This present study identified forensic psychiatry, mental health and criminal offenders were the continuing mainstream topics in the L&P field and risk assessment, risk factors and risk management of violent behavior, legislation for sexual offences, mental health courts, recidivism and expert testimony were recent research emphases and trends of the study field.	4
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:333301 []	0
Six top basic science journals (Cell, Nature, Nature Genetics, Nature Medicine, Neuron, and Science), excluding journals which publish review articles only, related to human health were also selected to compare Japanese representation between general medicine and basic science journals.	2
Drawing on this categorization and the previous work applying centrality measures to coauthorship analysis (Liu et al., 2005; Yan & Ding, 2009; Yin, Kretschmer, Hanneman, & Liu, 2006), we apply four prominence measurements to the coauthorship network analyzed herein: degree, betweenness, and closeness centralities and indegree prestige, as defined in Table 1.	3
The Kruskal Wallis test is a nonparametric method used to test whether two or more samples come from the same probability distribution.	3
Individual article citations obtained from the Google Scholar database are used to compute the NCII for each article and publications are ranked in descending order according to their indices.	2
Brazil played a central role in the number of publications in both databases, followed by Argentina and Chile.	4
3 University of Split, Split University Hospital Center, Department of Clinical Epidemiology, Split, Croatia	0
Another scientist, echoing the predominant trend, put the salience of persistence succinctly:	0
For a given problem A we denote by pi?	3
Our bibliometric data are drawn from the Scopus database, which includes 1.7 billion citations to articles, conference papers, and reviews.	2
* Excludes articles with level of evidence categorized as N/A (N = 122).	0
The findings in Table 6 also indicate that, excepted in one regression there is not a significant association between the centrality in the academic community and the measures of scholarly contribution considered in this study: number of academic publications (ART) and number of academic publications in international journals (ARTINTER).	4
The primary study variable was the h-index, defined as the number of publications h which are cited ≥h times.	3
RQ2: Does the answer to the above question change for shorter-term researchers?	1
Subsequent to the model estimations, adjusted predictions of the faculty members' ratings were calculated to visualize the small effects of the collaboration activities.	0
A total of 83 articles were selected for the analysis between 1994 and 2019.	2
All correlations are significantly positive, and the correlation seems to increase annually from 2003 until about 2006, after which it stays approximately constant at about 0.6.	4
Acknowledgments honoring people by naming a new species after them were only found in the species description, not in the formal acknowledgment section.	4
The dissimilarities are processed by the MDS and HC for generating maps of items, representing researchers according to their scientific output.	3
The research of hot topics mainly concentrates on four aspects.	5
RQ3 - Do longer articles attract more citations on average than shorter articles in these top biomedical journals?	1
in 2017 and applied in science by Wu et al.	3
For trustworthiness, the researchers applied the member checking and external audit approach.	3
Innovative approaches for evaluating and funding research began to emerge even before our present crisis.	0
PubMed listed 5474 citations published from 2010 - 2015.	2
All authors have read and agreed to the published version of the manuscript.	0
The research focussed on one overarching research question, informed by two sub-questions: 1.	1
I compare the performance of universities in Australia with each other and with international benchmarks.	1
Following the analysis structure (Yu et al., 2020a) and description framework (Yu et al., 2021) in previous studies, they are named as type A and type B errors.	3
Keywords: research evaluation; assessing interdisciplinarity; research knowledge diffusion; science overlay map; social network analysis.	0
What the results of the current study suggest is that the total publications criterion measure is less correlated with research preeminence than first author publications.	5
The h-index metric also strongly indicated higher values in DB conferences (mean SB: 33.39, DB: 35.83; t = -2.593, p < 0.01).	4
41.5% of the information science journals (34 out of 82 journals) published the articles as early view before they were assigned volume and issue numbers.	4
Of the articles included, 947 (77.1%) were original articles and 104 (8.5%) were review articles.	4
These findings show that the structure of rewards and costs associated with particular self-promotion tactics differ from culture to culture.	5
Importantly, the establishment of the in-house editing team was associated with a significant increase in the number of editing requests, and subsequently, the number of research publications from our medical center.	5
The convergence of data illustrates how social learning processes, social capital outcomes, and knowledge and human capital outcomes facilitate research team outcomes.	4
The journals of each subject category has been grouped in Q1, Q2, Q3 and Q4 according to their impact factor extracted from 2015 JCR.	3
This result resonates with Yeung's (2001) statement that knowledge production is not geographically balanced.	5
The information attained through evaluations like in the present study has the potential to creating strategic plans for the future.	5
The impact factor has often been criticised as a bibliometric parameter because it presents an average of a heavily skewed distribution [2-5].	5
Ying Huang: Conceived and designed the analysis; Performed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
The resulting 606.6 million document-to-document links were used to create 28,743 document clusters and an associated visual map.	3
These classes include the most widely used RAMs, namely, the classic 2-year impact factor including journal self-citations (2YIF), 2-year impact factor excluding journal self citations (2YIF*), 5-year impact factor including journal self citations (5YIF), Eigenfactor (or Journal Influence), Article Influence, h-index, and Papers Ignored-By Even The Authors (PI-BETA).	3
Additionally, references were classified as either “single-reference citations” or “multi-reference citations” (also known as “string citations”).	3
Exogenous influences were present in 56% of topics.	4
Specifically, our results were estimated by the proportional hazard model for sub-distribution of Fine and Gray (1999), which constitutes a tool for the analysis of survival data when the latter is right-censored (i.e., outcomes for some individuals are not yet observed at the time the data are collected) and more than one type of risk event can take place.	3
For this study, 16,298,856 research papers published from 2006 to 2017 were collected after preprocessing.	2
This study showed some remarkable viewpoints about health journals currently indexed in WoS database be tween 1990 and 2014.	5
The attraction of randomization is that it automatically averages across brilliant and bad papers, so that it is desirable to randomize when the brilliant papers are disproportionately valuable and when the bad papers do not matter too much.	5
Nevertheless, insofar as the most-recent decade of our survey generated the most articles in this top-50 list, we would characterize mainland China's effect on musculoskeletal research as increasing, and as funding increases to programs in mainland China, we anticipate this trend will continue in the future.	5
Whenever a publication (by extension of the journal classification) is assigned to more than one discipline, the publication is fractionalized by the number of different disciplines and the same is applied to the different metrics.	3
It provides a benchmark bibliometric profile and we advocate future comparative assessments as a means to assess impact of and guide academic policy.	5
This suggests that a journal's relevance is driven by average article quality, while reputation depends more on truly exceptional articles.	4
In multivariate analysis, the number of publications per resident was significantly higher when the resident had also completed a scientific thesis (B = 1.62; P = 0.007**), when he or she had published more papers during the post-residency period (β = 0.40; P < 0.0001***) and when he or she graduated at an older age (B = 0.24; P = 0.04*).	4
To sum up the second case against, measurement, whether physical or social, to be compatible ought to have similar definitions (i.e., the ratio of two magnitudes of the same thing in which the denominator is the unit, providing for invariant comparisons) and the same broad goal (i.e., quantification of meaningful variables).	4
We would like to thank Loet Leydesdorff for his valuable feedback on a previous version of the manuscript.	0
El artículo analiza el impacto en medios sociales de artículos peruanos del área temática de las Ciencias Sociales a través de la repercusión mediática en fuentes altmétricas y el tipo de acceso en el que se publican.	1
The University of Granada (Spain) is the most influential institution in the journal although China is the most productive country.	5
The countries or the continents which have made significant contributions to LIS research during the period of study are generally developed ones, substantiating the fact that countries rich in resources and facilities contribute significantly to LIS research as against those developing or under-developing countries.	5
He had top grades (best in his odontology class), with an impressive CV and several large research grants.	0
The strengths and weaknesses of citation indices in the health sector were identified, with practical examples of perverse effects, and compared with the core objectives of health care development.	3
Indeed the last decade shows that several of China’s urban areas are emerging as the largest knowledge consumers worldwide.	4
Our analyses are conducted on scholars whose first publication was published between years 2000 and 2004.	2
As the results show, Percentile in Subject Area achieves the highest correlation with F1000 ratings; we can assert that for further three other indicators (Times Cited, 2nd Generation Citations, and Category Actual/Expected Citations) the “true” correlation with the ratings reaches at least a medium effect size.	4
Although Arthroscopy? is climbing at a higher rate than AJSM?	5
All other articles (book reviews, editorials, letters to the editor, reports of conferences, etc.) were excluded.	0
The title of their paper asks whether "the journal impact factor [can] be used as a criterion for the selection of junior researchers."	1
The distribution of the nominated papers shows that reviews do not dominate the must-read articles, but case studies are more common and conceptual papers make up approximately one-sixth of all papers (Fig.	4
In five journals for which we were able to extract pagination, we observed a clear correlation between the annual number of citations and the number of pages (Fig.	4
Acknowledgments The authors would like to thank Coordena??o de Aperfei?oamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior (CAPES) and Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico (CNPq) for funding the survey.	0
“non-cultivated” or “cultivated”) against a null hypothesis of no difference.	1
We first collected the history data of all laboratories and all faculty members in each laboratory since its foundation drawing on the 50th anniversary book (UTP 2008).	2
With this exercise; SciVerse Scopus retrieved 573 records and WoS listed 322 records.	2
Furthermore, we assumed they could be sensitive to competitive pressures provided by the institutional context in which they were embedded.	3
Finally, academic-corporate collaboration is in its infancy and limited to particular economic sectors: energy, pharmaceuticals, and high-tech.	4
Here, collaboration is defined as the co-authorship between any two or more affiliates during a given year.	2
By means of surveys, interviews, and analysis of longitudinal usage data, users' views of ASFA's strengths, weaknesses, and potentially beneficial enhancements were identified.	3
Institute for System Analysis and Computer Science, National Research Council of Italy, Viale Manzoni 30, 00185 Rome, RM, Italy	0
Because the data set available does not explicitly identify someone as being a publishing or non-publishing academic, a method had to be developed to appropriately separate this pool of academics into those that publish and those that have elected to never publish.	5
The authors would also like to thank the AAEA office for administrative assistance in delivering the survey.	0
As Table 1 shows, the vast majority of these WoS categories belong either to Arts & Humanities or Social Sciences.	4
After the introduction, Section 2 briefly reports the role of special issues and reasons for studying TP.	0
The relative performance of the Andalusian public universities with respect to all Spanish public universities in the teaching block is better than in the research and technology transfer ones, although the values of the indicators suggest that all the universities have still much room for improvement in all areas.	5
(3) Does the mRCR/WRCR correlate with PhD degree status?	1
The indicators show a double shift in the period 2000–7: from integration to coordination and, within coordination, from coordination of performance to coordination of programming.	4
In the Results section, we give the outcomes of the classification tests.	0
The in vitro articles published in the field of regenerative endodontics had the highest number of citations and average citation rates.	5
Last but not least, topic selection can have an effect on the corresponding author's influence exerted on team performance.	5
Moreover, the English Wikipedia, as a platform, acts as an “amplifier” for the (already freely available) OA literature by preferentially broadcasting its findings to millions.	5
In order to assess the impact of dubious cross-national papers, we chose to focus on the top three nations whose institutions are most frequently involved in MIA (He, 2009), namely the US, CN, and the UK.	2
The SEM results support H1a; the publish-or-perish environment directly and negatively affects publication performance (β = -0.396, p < .001), H2 also finds support from the results; organisational support directly and positively affects publication performance (β = 0.432, p < .001).	4
The sleeping period is followed by a phase-transition-like jump as a start of the awakening period and a remarkable regularity is found for the citation impact immediately before and after the jump.	4
However, the least square regression returns a power-law relation with exponent 0.81±0.05.	4
To study the nature of Al research, we use the MAG to identify relevant computer science (CS) subfields from the citations of academic publications from 1950 to 2018.	2
However, the results presented in this case study paint a complex and, to some degree, messy picture of the various content, contextual and process-related factors which have come to influence researchers' perspectives on research impact at one point in time (see Figure 2).	5
Among the PIs, the frequency of grant holders who have received the grant multiple times was about two times greater for advanced than for early-career level (Table 5).	4
The second section presents the ideal role of research and publishing at diverse levels of society which are affected.	3
The most articles were produced in 2022, with a total of 190.	4
We found that HDP is better than the other two methods in terms of sensitivity and persistence.	5
Our data was extracted from different databases of articles and patents to which at least one Canadian-affiliated and one American-affiliated scientist contributed: We extracted publication and authorship data from Elsevier's Scopus using specific keyword searches, described below, for nanotechnology-related publications, while the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) provided the related patenting information for these researchers.	2
It focuses on social science journal articles written by authors from Central and Eastern European (CEE) countries.	1
Where an exclusion was applied, the next university on the QS rankings was added, to arrive at the top 20 universities for each nation that met the criteria.	0
Received: 3 July 2023 Revised: 1 December 2023 Accepted: 19 December 2023	0
To test the correlation between the MELIBEA score for mandate strength and deposit (a) rate and (b) latency, we analyzed OA and RA deposits separately as well as jointly (OA + RA).	3
We are also grateful for the useful comments given by the two anonymous reviewers.	0
Results showed a gradual increase in publications along the three study decades.	4
We focus on research projects dealing with territory, landscape and rural buildings with the scope of raising consciousness on the key role of collaboration with other SDSs, international institutions or organizations.	1
The paper proposes a heuristic approach to modeling the cumulative distribution of citations of papers in scientific journals by means of the Wakeby distribution.	1
These studies - targeting research integrity, authorship, value and credit in nutrition science took place in 2016 and 2019.	2
Most of these comments summarized the reviewers' impression of the article (85%), which included explicit reference to their recommended decision (44%) and suitability for the journal (10%).	4
We argue that to achieve the feminist epistemological framework that many academic publications espouse, there must be a shift to ensure that publications are accessible and equitable not only for academics from around the world, but for community partners and activists working in these academic spaces as well.	5
In Figure 1 we used different symbols for CK members and non-members, which reveals that the distribution of appointments is heavily biased in favor of the members.	4
Robert Davison, Malcolm Munro, and Ned Kock were reviewers for this paper.	0
From this database, we select patents with an application date between 1993 and 2008.	2
The results of the analysis can be seen in Figure 2 and Table 1.	0
The study shows that 69% of the sample papers were published in predatory journals, as identified in Pakistan's Higher Education Commission's (HEC) online journal recognition system (HJRS).	4
We use the cited references from each publication in our dataset (about 249,000 citations) to identify the most important publications in the field and to build the historiographic map.	2
A significant growth was observed in the last 15 years.	4
This paper has a dual objective: first, a comparison of the patenting activity in Spain and the Basque Country and a display of the most important technology sectors; and secondly, the selection of a technology sector and an analysis of technology transfer in both regions through different IPCs in order to compare them and determine the possible technological sources remaining for development.	1
Among the 4,399 extracted innovative ideas, 2,272 matched the manually judged innovative ideas; thus, the precision was 51.6%.	4
The dataset under study was comprised of 1,656,510 publications contributed by 1,124,256 disambiguated authors.	2
Acknowledgements The authors would like to thank the bibliometric group at the School of Education and Communication in Engineering Sciences (ECE), KTH Royal Institute of Technology, for generation of bibliometric data used in this work.	0
All documents published in Scopus and WoS during 2018 (6,094,079 documents) were therefore analysed and compared for their languages and research areas.	2
This paper compares the position and performance of Africans in international research networks, comparing a well-funded and internationally driven research network against a network developing organically with less funding and oversight.	1
(See Table 2 for a description of each condition and its respective options and value weights.)	0
Teaching and research staff are not knowledgeable about open science, although in general they take a positive view toward it, while university policymakers report that most actions to promote open science are still in the process of being implemented.	4
All the files retrieved were managed by a program called Endnote and then exported to another program called RefViz in order to be compiled and evaluated.	3
We found four somewhat overlapping historical periods that characterize the shifting balance between the three world regions.	4
Hence, this paper aims to identify and investigate the register of 60 published manuscripts in four different journals of impact factor above two.	1
The paper justifies the equal weights measure by showing equivalence with the Shapley value approach for sharing co-authors performance in specific games.	1
Articles with free full-text were cited significantly more (M=28.41, SD = 44.61) than articles where only the citations were viewable (M=17.89, SD=35.08; t(980) = 3.586, p = 0.000) (see Table III).	4
There are four tools most commonly used to calculate the h-index, all of which depend on separate databases: Scopus, Web of Knowledge, Google Scholar, and ResearchGate.	3
The 5,050 pairs of co-cited authors formed 9,886 co-citation relationships, indicating an average of approximately two links for each pair.	4
From the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, University of Utah School of Medicine, Salt Lake City, Utah; Pregnancy and Perinatology Branch, National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Maryland; Department of Family and Preventive Medicine, Public Health Program, University of Utah School of Medicine, Salt Lake City, Utah; and Obstetrics & Gynecology, Salt Lake City, Utah.	0
It follows that externally imposed measures are less likely to produce valuable or enduring wider impacts than those agreed on and actively pursued by a range of stakeholders including researchers, research users, research funders, policymakers, citizens, practitioners, research evaluators, or indeed impactologists of the ethical variety.	5
The study specifically examined researchers' metadata use in ResearchGate, one of the most prominent and widely used RIMSs, to address the following research questions:	1
We used the National Library of Medicine's MeSH the- saurus to identify documents (articles, reviews, and let- ters) that had been assigned the descriptor "Aged, 80 and over" ("a person 80 years of age and older") between 2000 and 2019.	2
We then use the list to answer the following research question: To what extent does the use of highly prestigious international academic awards affect university rankings?	1
The paper investigates the theoretical response of h-type bibliometric indicators developed over the past decade when faced with the problem of manipulation through self-citation practices.	1
We created Google Scholar profiles for five types of research groups: the members of an educational research program (the McMaster program for Education Research, Innovation and Theory), the faculty of an academic division (the Division of Emergency Medicine at McMaster University), the faculty of an academic department (the Department of Emergency Medicine at the University of Saskatchewan), the members of a national working group (the Education Working Group (EWG) of the Canadian Association of Emergency Physicians (CAEP)), and the editors of an international online education website (Academic Life in Emergency Medicine (ALiEM), https://aliem.	2
Acknowledgements This study was financed in part by the Coordena??o de Aperfei?oamento de Pessoal de Nível Superior—Brasil (CAPES)—Finance Code 001.	0
Summarising the results for all nine single queries, Google retrieved 49 relevant documents, Google Scholar 39, EDS 24, and LISA 31.	4
The other three journals—Higher Education (HE), Higher Education Research and Development (HERD) and Studies in Higher Education (SHE)—are published outside of the United States, and may similarly be regarded as (at least amongst) the leading non-US higher education journals.	2
1 Division of Plastic Surgery, Department of Surgery, McMaster University, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada	0
In general, the results were consistent with previous studies (Akl et al., 2012).	5
The research organization analyzed by co-authorship networks shows that higher education researchers in Hong Kong tend more to integrate two higher education research approaches - teaching and learning, and policy studies into their research work.	4
For this, purpose, the research output data for female and male authored papers were put in two sets.	3
All the regression results presented in our paper are generated using Stata (v14.0).	0
5 shows that, even for high impact research articles, a life cycle pattern is observed in all the disciplines covered by this study.	4
We find that CDM is cited by a growing number of papers, which spread over a variety of fields, and that it compares very well with the most cited comparable articles in indexed journals in its domain of research.	4
There were 84,808 authors ranked by Eigenfactor scores.	4
However, excessive use of more citation-intensive interdisciplinary components may reduce the scientific impact of interdisciplinary research.	4
This paper is a methodological and instructional piece on the use of well-known terms.	5
In this situation, the space for a free, independent debate among researchers, aimed to foster an equitable, sustainable world, risks to become increasingly limited.	5
All new approaches have been illustrated by drawing raw data from Google scholar-powered website H-POP.	2
Further, we analyzed the development of these scores from 2007 to 2013.	1
In conclusion, a bibliometric analysis was performed to evaluate manuscripts focused on neuropharmacology.	5
The aim of this exploratory study was to expand our knowledge about societal impact and societal interactions as indicators for research impact.	1
The most cited article received 4,017 citations and the least received 604, with a mean of 1,149 citations.	4
Majority (n = 57) of the articles studied coronary angioplasty and stenting; followed by coronary angiography (n = 14).	4
How to cite this article: Kim L, Portenoy JH, West JD, Stovel KW.	0
The annual number of the articles related to Antarctic research during 1993–2012 is displayed in Fig.	4
In total, 42 journals are included in the analyses comprising a selection of almost 65,000 journal articles.	2
In contrast to traditional methodologies, we approach the Europeanisation measurement problem by identifying major policy instruments and then apportioning the funding referred to those instruments, to one of the three categories (juxtaposition, coordination, integration), in the context of the three functions.	3
I used a mixed-methods approach to explore collaboration within Vancouver's infection and immunity organizational field.	3
We interpret our results as empirical evidence of the potential importance of research productivity in determining publicly funded salaries of academics.	5
Surprisingly, we observe that the longer the hibernation time of LR, the more citations the paper gets from diverse research fields.	4
The objectives of the surveys were (a) to identify the challenges East Asian authors face in trying to get published in international English-language journals, (b) to determine the perceptions of journal editors regarding East Asian submissions, and (c) to determine whether any gaps exist between the author and journal editor perspectives.	1
Bibliometric analysis coupled with social network analysis was utilized to achieve the aforementioned objectives.	3
*Corresponding author: Mohammad Hosseini, Department of Preventive Medicine, Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, 320 E.	0
Let X and Y be two dependent Pareto distributed random variables and consider the bivariate distribution of the two variables	0
However, all correlations with X3 – the number of non-cited publications – are negative and on a lower level.	4
Morley from the Universiti Brunei Darussalam in 2002 had the highest number of citations of the whole period and the highest number in 2016.	4
The proportion of systematic review papers published for five years was the highest with IJNS at 25.9%, followed by INR's 7.4%, JKAN'S 2.7%, and NHS's 2.0% (Table 4).	4
This was due to reviewers of papers from China evaluating the papers more negatively, with both reviewers often agreeing that the paper needed a major revision or should be rejected altogether (Fig.	5
Purpose International English language publication activities in orthopaedic surgery comparing the years 2008/09 to 2018/19 were analyzed.	1
Over a scientist's career, a reputation is developed, a standing within a research community, based largely upon the quantity and quality of his/her publications.	5
Hence, although the proposed analytical model has limited predictive power, it is useful as it suggests that some sort of relationship can be found between alternative metrics and retractions.	5
The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: in Section 2 we discuss the relevant literature on aging and research performance, and in Section 3 we present the methodology for the current study.	0
A total of 7545 bibliographic records published from 1982 to 2014 were retrieved and downloaded on February 5, 2015.	2
A total of 118 qualified participants applied to the programme (48 and 70 in 2020 and 2021, respectively), and 42% (49/118 across the 2 years) completed the training, including the 1.5-hour orientation, the at-home activity and the 4-hour synchronous virtual workshop (table 2).	2
For the past three recent years (2015, 2016, 2017) the frequency of retractions increased.	0
Personal and situational factors were identified, including hierarchy, resource dependence, institutional culture and gender; these contributed to participants' vulnerability to and involvement in questionable authorship practices.	4
This means that 80% of all combinations of journal-year, in which we compared the mean impact per paper between articles and editorial materials, the difference in mean impact scores is lying between 0 and 10 (in case of higher mean impact scores of articles) or –10 (in case of higher mean impact scores of editorial materials).	4
Our observations have confirmed that the fluctuations in the probability distribution of the indicator V are correlated to university size by a power law (10), in the same way that the growth rate distribution of firms, countries and universities are correlated with the dimension of the related entities.	4
As expected, R1 institutions outperformed all other Carnegie Classifications in all four categories (i.e., peer-reviewed publications, conference presentations, book chapters, and grant money), with the exception that R1 and R2s had conference presentation rates that were comparable.	4
The two authors who had the major scientific production in H-Classics were in 1st position, the researcher A.	4
The evaluated set of megajournals therefore included 11 journals, namely, AIP Advances, BMJ Open, FEBS Open Bio, IEEE Access, Medicine, Open Biology, PeerJ, PLoS One, Royal Society Open Science, Scientific Reports, and SpringerPlus.	2
Given the non-normality of the latter, the data were analyzed by Automatic Linear Regression (ALM) using SPSS (version 25) (see Table 2).	3
Are there any relationships between linguistic characteristics and highly browsed academic articles?	1
The analysis uses data from the Max Planck Digital Library in-house database (which is based on Web of Science data) and from the NPG.	2
4 (based on the data in Table 6).	4
These are: CNRS: Comité National de la Recherche Scientifique journal rating in economics and management (France), AJG: Academic Journal Guide published by Chartered Association of Business Schools, PL: Polish Ministry of Education and Science journal index for the combined disciplines economics & finance and management, US: the US economic journals list (A and B journals).	2
The powerful ISI search engine allows searches for all three indices: Science Citation Index, the Social Sciences Citation Index, and the Arts and Humanities Citation Index.	0
To answer the questions raised above, the article will follow a two-folded strategy.	1
This paper has benefited much from comments from two referees, Hanne Andersen, Mikkel Willum Johansen, S?ren Harnow Klausen, Jan Alexis Nielsen, and Henrik Kragh S?rensen.	0
The report presents data on authors and co-authors using interactivity.	4
We find that the universities with the best performance compared to the national average are concentrated in a few Northern regions, while the differences between the universities localized in the Centre and those in the South are small.	4
We also propose that for a country to develop in astronomy, it should invest in outside expert visits, send its staff abroad to study, and establish a culture of scientific publishing.	5
Data obtained from SSCI on the Web of Science platform was analyzed using VOSviewer.	2
Using institutional affiliations of authors appearing on citing articles, an analysis was conducted to explore whether certain accessibility categories are cited more or less predominantly by various countries depending on their socio-economic context.	3
Numbers in parentheses are expected citations if no relationship existed between the variables.	0
Using regression analysis, we explored the role of authors' gender in citations and the effect of authorship features on scientific impact.	3
The diachronous indicator also operates with a 3-year publication window, but instead 3 years following Y.	3
Our aim is to examine the rate of scientific publications in the fields of physics and chemistry by authors affiliated to institutions in the Balkan countries.	1
Of these, the ambiguity of author names was the most challenging problem, as author names were often recorded in different formats in WoS.	2
Citation values acquired October 26, 2016, via Web of Science.	2
Based on the true-score model, the baseline and post-treatment scores were described as Yo-T+eo and Y?=T+8+e?, respectively, where T denoted the true score, e denoted the error, and 8 denoted a constant change.	3
Do syllabus mentions correlate with citation counts for Scopus books and BKCI monographs, and are there disciplinary differences between the magnitudes of the correlations?	1
To count citations, Clarivate uses a whole count (i.e., each co-author of a publication receives the total citation count), not a fraction based on the number of co-publishers.	3
Furthermore, some of them do not import datasets from different citation indices, but mainly from Web of Science (WoS).	1
The number of references is defined as the moderating variable in this study (Figure 1).	3
Conflicts of Interest: The authors declare no potential conflict concerning this article’s research, authorship, and publication.	0
Este artículo conforma un estudio exploratorio que utilizó los datos obtenidos en una búsqueda de información en Scopus en el campo de búsqueda: Article title, Abstract, Keywords, la cual se llevó a cabo el 22 de enero de 2023.	2
This study will provide additional assessment of h-Index scores in social work by answering three research questions.	1
We used binomial generalised linear models (GLMs) to assess any relationships between these variables and whether a citation was deemed appropriate or not (categories of not appropriate citations having been grouped for this purpose such that citations were either deemed appropriate or not appropriate).	3
A total of 1878 international collaboration papers of the influenza virus vaccine field published from 2006 to 2013 were collected from the Web of Science database.	2
Hirsch index (h-index) was used to assess the quality of research.	3
Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.	0
The documents were preliminarily screened from the publication year (between December 31, 2020) and language (English), and then the documents were screened from the document types (articles, reviews, letters).	2
Africa's world share rose from 1.7% in 2010 to 3% in 2018.	4
These networks were made using Pajek, a non-commercial software widely applied in social network analysis (SNA) studies.	3
Are predatory journals undermining the credibility of science?	1
The data collection and analysis were independently performed by a pair of research associates and subsequently reconfirmed by the authors of this study.	0
Any substantial or systematic reproduction, redistribution, reselling, loan, sub-licensing, systematic supply, or distribution in any form to anyone is expressly forbidden.	0
This study presented a socio-technical analysis of recommendations in the platform ResearchGate using the walkthrough method.	5
The sample of the MORE data we use contains (i) researchers holding a PhD (ii) who are EU-born and (iii) who have post-PhD mobility experience within Europe or to the United States.	2
284 inventors with at least two patents and Lifetime > 0.25 years.	0
Third, the majority of contributors of cited Chinese papers are universities and public research organizations.	5
Data on all full research manuscripts were surveyed, including research articles, reviews, and short communications, both original and revised.	2
Open access for this article was provided by King's College London.	0
The result of this algorithm is a matrix of scientists indicating the main individual characteristics, including the direction of work, the number and quality of scientific works, as well as the current and previous places of work of the scientist.	3
Country-specific and US state-specific activity was reported both in download frequency as well as in a population-adjusted manner (ie, downloads per one million residents).	3
The conclusion in this case is that, for publishing the paper in a journal that is in the first k positions after a year, the author must submit it to the journal k?15, whenever the value of k is in the middle of the range (say 20 ≤ k ≤ 75).	4
Table 2 Mean values of impact and collaboration by funding sector and area (weighted samples with FA, WOS 2008-2013)	0
To assess the gender gap in research and its associated factors determinants among faculty at Addis Ababa University.	1
These motifs include: the shaping of publication ethics as an expertise that can be standardized across locations and disciplines, the separation of the research record from relations that produce it, and the divisibility of the scientific paper.	4
We calculated the total citation counts of the T100 articles as listed in the PubMed Central (PMC) database for a comparison analysis.	2
Then, we compare the average citations of both OA and non-OA articles, considering the ratio between both averages, so that ratios greater than one indicate higher citation averages for OA articles and, conversely, ratios less than one indicate lower citation averages for OA articles.	3
Lastly, the “Conclusion” section wraps up the paper’s conclusions and presents research limitations and prospects.	0
Overall, the average degree centrality exhibits a steady and strong upward trend throughout the time, indicating increasing complexity of the titles.	4
Data has been derived from program descriptions, Websites, and inventories like NETWATCH; from data on the national budget by program, we further identify participations without funding commitments.	2
In substance, Porter and Rafols proposed the measurement of Stirling's (1994) three basic properties of research diversification through mapping the subject categories of cited publications.	0
The collaboration score was defined only by the number of people involved in this research.	5
Bibliometric data, including authors, journals, affiliations, and countries, were analyzed using the Bibliometrix R package.	3
* Correspondence to: GRAPES, rue de la Belle Jardiniere, B-4031 Liege, Federation Wallonie-Bruxelles, Belgium.	0
Received August 1, 2011; Accepted August 19, 2011; Published September 22, 2011	0
To assess the contributions and achievements of the Iranian and Turkish parasitologists, bibliometric analysis was carried out based on the citation data retrieved from Web of Science.	2
Based on the data about frequencies with which those two groups use the actions the survey asked about, we then performed Welch's t-tests to check for significant differences regarding their mean frequencies.	3
* Tel.: +49 371 531 21910; fax: +49 371 531 21919.	0
The result of the clustering is expressed in a tree-like figure known as dendrogram, which is a rather faithful representation of the merging process (see Figs.	0
In this article we will discuss on the importance of the Internet, electronic editions and open access strategies on scientific publishing.	1
Expenditure indicators for universities such as: endowments, annual giving and total research datasets were obtained from the Annual Report on Research Universities in the US (ARRU), which is available at the Center for Measuring University Performance (MUP).	2
In this study, we conducted a bibliometric analysis to evaluate, identify, and characterize the 100 top-cited articles on HSCT to highlight the current state-of-the-art of the specialty and identify directions for future clinical research.	1
Our proposed ranking of academic journals attempts to use the “wisdom of the crowd" in order to rank academic journals.	5
The remaining applications, which all qualify for funding, should enter a lottery system in which applications are selected at random.	3
With a data collection performed at Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC), 1,420,842 documents under “anonymous” authorship from 1900 to 2021 were retrieved, which accounted for 1.5% of the total documents indexed in the WoSCC.	2
The apparent causes of the recent trend appear to be unique, resulting in reduced marine productivity and negative impacts on fish, seabirds, and mammals.	4
As an example, Table 1 shows the ranking list of Italian “large” universities based on Rji, in the disciplinary area “mathematics and computer science”.	0
We address this gap by providing arguably causal evidence on readers' responsiveness to price, or price elasticity of demand, by exploiting a natural experiment in which several leading education journals unexpectedly became free.	1
Regarding the distribution of papers per country (Table 3), the country publishing the higher number of papers is the USA (n = 587), followed by the UK (n = 165) and China (n = 159).	4
How do the temporal accumulation patterns of Mendeley readership vary across different academic disciplines?	1
Their impact rises smoothly and consistently, while the growth of their comprehensive abilities is relatively gradual, remaining at above-average levels in the mid-later maturity stages.	4
The combination of different techniques can better show the complex dynamics and complementary aspects of scientific topics and trends underlying evolutionary pathways in emerging fields, such as the science and technology advances of architecture, hardware, and software components in the field of cloud computing.	5
Keywords: trust, responsible conduct of research, training, postgraduate students, supervision, survey	0
The latent dirichlet allocation (LDA) model was used to extract the topics of each paper (Blei et al., 2003).	3
North America, Europe and Asia are the continents which have made significant contribution to LIS research during the last decade, but this does not satisfy the LIS research requirements and demand at a global level.	5
To ensure a citation window period of 10 years for scientific papers, which includes relatively mature trajectories of citation diffusion, the publication time of scientific papers was set until December 31, 2011.	2
84% of MSCA grants comply with funders’ recommendations regarding the elements to be included in the acknowledgements.	4
To examine how funding priorities relate to scientists' problem choices, we build a database of 10,475 grants awarded to researchers in Engineering, Physical Sciences, and Bioscience from Research Councils UK, and partition grantees into recipients of either responsive-mode funding with aims defined by the funding agency or thematic funding with aims proposed by the applicant.	1
It shows that there is a positive, moderate correlation tending to strong between the normalized impact of the publications in national collaboration at both conditions—ca and nca-for the most productive institutions (Q1 and Q2).	4
The following theoretical part outlines how knowledge transfer, international mobility and research collaboration are related to each other.	0
In addition, the Leimkuhler curves showed that citation window length (3 years vs.	4
Two sets of criteria for SB identification were defined, namely the length of sleep and depth of sleep.	3
Pan, who published 17 papers in F/CUP, ranks first among all authors, followed by A.	4
Primarily, we analyzed the websites of ten selected Hungarian academic libraries, and a detailed content analysis of the websites was conducted from 1 July to 30 October 2023.	2
The Wilcoxon rank-sum test was performed to compare APCs of high-quality journals to journals classified as other, and to compare APCs of journals either indexed or not in established databases.	3
We registered the academic milestones of all individuals—including the institutions of their BA, MA, and PhD studies, the places of their postdoctoral research (PD), their GN affiliations (GNa), their GN coauthors (GNc), and the number of their Scopus-indexed articles— as the measure of their academic capital in terms of international science contribution.	3
Murphy (1995) Benchmarking Academic Research Output in Australia, Assessment & Evaluation in Higher Education, 20:1, 45-57, DOI: 10.1080/0260293950200106	0
Two publications are considered to be bibliographically coupled if they cite one or more of the same publications (Fig.	3
My first gratitude goes to God Almighty who has kept me alive and going all these days.	0
Consequently, the PSM-DID model is utilized for a more refined estimation of the effects of policy implementation.	3
There was no correlation between impact factor and error occurrence (P=.979).	4
In a similar way, papers with an absurdly large number of pages were filtered using the outlier threshold proposed by Laurikkala et al.	3
The results showed that after controlling for the effects of the confounding factors, the associations of HNCD with citation impact disappeared.	5
Comparable data could not be evaluated from public data for non-OA articles (with or without free access).	0
Comments relating to the scientific soundness of the article were most prevalent for PLOS ONE, for which 65.2% of discussion comments address issues of soundness or rigour and only 13.6% the significance of the research.	4
As the examples above, except that the full text is not available.	0
Yet, a fundamental research question remains still open: to which extent do quantitative metrics capture the significance of scientific works?	1
To provide oversight with all tasks and workflows associated with our IR, our Dean of the Library and Library Administration formed an internal library committee to guide the process of setup and content maintenance.	3
All data were obtained using the Science Citation Index Expanded edition of the Thomsen Reuters' JCR (4).	2
Alzheimer's disease (AD) was the main study topic (n = 43).	4
This implies that policy-makers ought to consider promoting institutional collaborations while also encouraging authors to acquire the experience of publishing solo.	1
Using the Wilcoxon signed-rank non parametric statistical test (Hollander et al.	3
About 13% of the neurology intake and 30.9% of neurosurgery intake over the past 5 years has been into the institutes that have not published a single paper during this period.	4
A list of all neurosurgical units in the United Kingdom and Ireland was obtained from the Society of British Neurosurgical Surgeons Web site.	2
By applying linear regression method, we identified and examined three identified predictors of the outcome: 1) the funding rate of an NIH research program in a specific year, 2) the year difference between grant and publication, and 3) the funding size of a grant.	3
cUse it several times a month or several times a year.	0
The findings also indicated that Turkey-based scientists have the highest number of WoS papers published among the selected systems.	4
The most frequently co-occurring keywords are human resource management, job satisfaction, nurses, hospitals, health services, quality of care, COVID-19, and nursing.	4
We reduced the initial 14,083 features to 210 features that maintain predictivity.	4
The filtering procedures were shown to greatly enhance the modularity values and limited the number of modularity classes; thus, domain expert interpretation is feasible.	5
Boxplots for self-citations per journal, study type, and topic are illustrated in Figs.	0
The study results suggest that clinical trials promote a significant improvement of research capacity by the development of scientific know-how, the creation of new research networks, the improvement of diagnosis and clinical decision-making skills, the openness to new therapeutic approaches, and the patient recruitment and data management capabilities.	4
The indicator MHq is a meaningful statistic to measure mentions to a group G, although the original interpretation was incorrect.	4
Clearly, these three articles are all under-cited influential publications on the 1% level according to our definition.	4
Second, the supposed contribution of research and publication for societal good is marginalised as academics try to find shortcuts to publish for their professional survival.	4
The traffic ranks of Indian research institutions differ significantly as the value of Chi-square is statistically significant at 0.5 probability level (> 31.41).	4
Posterior reference leads us to the second element to compose the regime, namely, the choice of the object, or, as heard in the interviews, to exoticism.	4
In contrast, a sharp increase in the average values of the citation rates with transition from the prior context to the posterior context shows that the analyzed document (or a similar one) is either breakthrough, or promotional, or transfers the methods and outcomes from one area into another one, which produces new outcomes and newly-set interesting tasks.	5
The International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) states that authors of a scientific manuscript must fulfill the following criteria:	1
between the research grant co-word network and the research paper co-word network was calculated.	3
The reduced numbers of plagiarised posts and the increased number of students who did not commit plagiarism show that the feedback had a positive effect on the student's plagiaristic behaviour.	5
To isolate the key channel through which knowledge spills over, we use a unique data set to examine the impact of a large post-1992 exodus of Soviet mathematicians on the output of the nonémigrés.	1
The HP data is used to adaptively fit the similarity for each AP and obtain the final fitting results.	3
The population used in our analysis was extracted from the Ministry of Education, Universities and Research (MIUR) database.	2
We extracted the data through a systematic, automated and repeatable process from the Scopus paper database, which we also used in two previous papers.	2
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported license.	0
All analyses were performed by IBM SPSS statistics (version 22; IBM Corp., Armonk, NY, USA).	0
In summary, we find that the Graduate Faculty Transition rate, an imperfect indicator of the relative ease of acquiring a DG faculty position in mathematics, is decaying over time, even for historically well-placing departments.	5
The year-wise distribution of authorship pattern, collaborative authors and degree of collaboration, author productivity, core journals and highly cited publications are identified in this paper.	3
Please note that in order to increase the readability of the graph, the vertical axis covers the range 60–100 % only.	0
It is also available from the publisher's web site at http://muse.jhu.edu/login?auth=0&type=summary&url=/journals/portal_libraries_and_the_academy/v009/9.1.walters.html	0
Conflict of interest None of the authors has a conflict of interest to declare.	0
exp{?axβ}, x > 0, and 0 otherwise, where a > 0 and β > 0.	3
The authors found that the top 1,000 downloadable and analyzable GS items matched poorly with the items retrieved by WoS.	4
From these data, we construct a multi-edge, directed faculty hiring network in which nodes represent universities, and an edge (u, v) exists if a person received their Ph.D.	3
The goal is to demonstrate the comprehensive research situation of the international anti-cancer research field during this recent period.	1
So the global researches about COVID-19 published from January to May 2020 were retrieved through advanced search interface of the Scopus database.	2
The secondary MP derived, which consists of 23 nodes, has a coverage of only 90 nodes, resulting in a coverage ratio as low as 6.07% (=90/1,482).	4
We collected publication and citation data for four disciplines (Cell Biology, Chemistry, Neuroscience, and Physics) indexed on the Web of Science database.	2
Our findings support the application of Bradford's law, a bibliometric concept suggested by Brookes [30,31].	5
There is a highly positive correlation between academic influence and societal influence scores for the Chinese and American OA journals.	4
This paper aims to analyze SIs and to highlight it's impact on TFSC as compared to Regular Issues (RIs).	1
The concept of one's “own” writing is central in any discussion of text recycling.	4
The dataset used was collected by CAPES (Coordination for the Improvement of Higher Education Personnel), the Brazilian federal government agency responsible for the establishment, evaluation, and financing of graduate programs in Brazil.	2
The authors would like to thank the national experts involved in the JOREP data collection.	0
For each of these principles, we have developed a set of recommendations to improve peer review standards.	4
Here, we first lay out a theoretical argument for why too many papers published each year in a field can lead to stagnation rather than advance.	1
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
The data on bioRxiv and Web of Science were collected in April 2015.	2
In this paper we take computing as our discipline of interest and study how research topics in the domains of artificial intelligence, databases, operating systems, and software engineering overlap within the computing discipline.	1
However, they seem to neglect the other less visible tasks of organizing and structuring research such as developing rules for research integrity; developing a mechanism for evaluating the quality of research outcomes; preparing researchers and research managers for the necessary skills and knowledge; and deciding vertical and horizontal decentralization.	4
Density-equalizing mapping procedures based on Gastner's and Newman's algorithm were used to visualize the distribution of the total number of published items and the average citation rate in a country-specific manner [19].	3
The analyses also enabled to identify determinants that might explain the academic efficiency gap between scholars across the eight research fields considered in this study, notably certification from independent agencies, seniority, sources of funding, affiliation to a business school with a doctoral program, and prestige and reputation of university of affiliation.	4
Inappropriate uses of career-level citations are a likelier source of gender inequities.	5
This table reports the number of highly cited articles by type of journal and citation rank category.	0
The population is over 36,000 professors, active in 192 fields and 9 disciplines.	2
When comparing those who completed mandatory or optional open access training with those who did not, a Mann Whitney U test revealed a significant difference (U = 37,645, z = -4.217, p < 0.001); those who did the training were more likely to consider open access an important factor (M = 3.11, 40% very or extremely important) than those without training (M = 2.66, 29% very or extremely important).	4
We also thank Catherine Hu for her hard work in large-scale data cleaning and meticulous validation.	0
I posit that the reduction of underpowered studies and overblown interpretations, the availability of negative and neutral results for evidence synthesis, the reduction of false positive/false negative studies, as well as greater transparency, will afford the overall reduction in the number of published articles that we are longing for, but those articles that get published will be more trustworthy and useful.	5
The citation flow network is a directed network, each node is an institution, and a link (edge) from institution a to institution b weighs the cases when paper affiliated b cites paper affiliated a.	3
Then, we investigated the trend of topic intensity and content evolution and analyzed the evolutionary path of interdisciplinary topics in this field.	5
The academic productivity of otolaryngology residents before and after work hour restrictions was compared by grouping subjects into those who graduated in 2003 and earlier ("before restrictions"), those who graduated between 2004 and 2007 ("overlap period"), and those who graduated in 2008 and later ("after restrictions") via 1-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) and post hoc Tukey procedure for pairwise comparisons and post hoc tests for linear trend.	3
Received 23 January 2006; received in revised form 29 March 2006; accepted 30 March 2006	0
This paper aims to contribute to closing this gap by developing an approach to evaluate and quantify the common understanding of members when conducting interdisciplinary research.	1
Aim of this paper is to fill in this gap by analysing the results of the Italian research evaluation assessment for the period 2004–2010 (Evaluation of Research Quality, hereinafter indicated by its Italian acronym VQR) from a territorial perspective.?	1
We received input from a total of 3,427 participants, i.e.	2
The highest publication output came from USA, followed by India, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Egypt, United Arab Republic, United Kingdom, France, China, Germany, Sudan, Belgium, Australia, Canada and Kenya.	4
We construct an ego-centred citation network for each paper that contains all of its citing papers and itself, as well as the citation relationships among them.	1
This research focuses on the bibliometric indicators to identify mainly: a) the format of materials used in Iranian and Turkish parasitological research, b) the age of cited items, c) the most frequently used journal titles which are critical to maintaining a core collection; and d) the half life of the most cited journals.	1
Which of the new national subject-based citation impact estimation methods gives the results with the narrowest confidence intervals?	1
Lastly, we present a case study on 21,940 full-text publications downloaded from ACL (https://aclweb.org/) to show the effectiveness of deep learning-based advanced feature engineering search compared to the conventional TF-IDF-based (Lucene) search.	3
Reliability was calculated by means of Fleiss' Kappa, the value of which ranges from -1 for complete disagreement, to ±0 for random choices, and to +1 for complete agreement.	3
2, includes 82 authors who mainly come from Finland.	4
The eligible prolific authors were also assessed on whether they might be publishing predominantly as researchers rather than with primarily non-researcher (editorial, staff writer, invited/freelance science writer, correspondent, news writer) roles in the journal.	3
The study uses scientific articles reported by 25 Polish physical education higher schools with a sport science and related profile, for the period 2009-2012.	2
the total number of citations to a paper in 2015 only.	3
3 Network of Social Sciences journals citing philosophy of science journals (1980–2018)	0
Further, let us define a measure of the degree of concentration of power, K50, as the minimum cardinality of the set of academics who served on at least half the panels.	3
In this paper, we investigate how the extent of interdisciplinarity in computer science domain (which is further divided into 24 research fields) has changed over the last 50 years.	1
as highest degree [AOR (95% CI) 2.98 (2.11, 4.19) and those who have affiliation with other institutions [AOR (95% CI) 2.59 (1.98, 3.56)], were more likely to publish in peer-reviewed journals than their counterparts.	4
The various tests with Emory FIRST during the implementation of the School of Medicine pilot departments have demonstrated that populating the publications module first often has the most immediate benefit.	4
The data set used in this article is derived from the AMiner platform (Tang et al., 2008b) which contains scientific publications in the field of computer science within the Association for Computer Machinery (ACM) from 1936 to 2014.	2
Downloaded from https://academic.oup.com/spp/article/49/5/781/6611714 by Nanjing Agricultural University user on 19 May 2025	0
What is the level of academics' attitudes toward open access?	1
If these perceptions are correct, software engineering reviewing is severely broken and a lot of time, nerves, and goodwill of all involved get wasted.	5
Publications related to application of bibliometrics in medicine from 1970 to 2018 were harvested from the Scopus bibliographic database.	2
This insight led us to develop a tool called SPACE that institutions can use to gauge and develop their ability to support new approaches to assessment that are in line with their mission and values (Hatch and Schmidt, 2021).	1
The USA and China contribute the most to the area development.	4
We performed a thorough battery of robustness tests to validate the reliability and accuracy of the findings.	0
Most of the works have been published in high-impact journals, and in the last 2 years, more than half of the works have received some type of public or private funding.	5
The clustering and merging (lines #3 and #4) of variants of the same cited reference in the dataset are done with the Levenshtein similarity and a threshold of 0.75.	3
a The Ptop 10% and Ptop 1% data were taken from the Leiden Ranking (http://www.leidenranking.com/ranking/2017/list) "Physical sciences and engineering."	0
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
The authors thank Raf Guns (Antwerp University), Christian Sch?gl (University of Graz), Juan Gorraiz (University of Vienna) and two anonymous reviewers for helpful comments on an earlier version.	0
Papers cited in the articles by UIC's researchers were obtained at the end of January 2011 from Thomson Reuters' Web of Science by searching by author affiliation (Univ Illinois and Chicago) and limiting the search to articles published in 2010.	2
The share of reviews in total SCI-E publications has increased continuously in the last 25 years, from 2.14% in 1990 to 4.39% in 2015 (average 3.86%).	4
The first step in identifying the Beall's List accounting journals was to search Google for the web site of each publisher that appeared on the List as of 21 June 2020.	2
The results of this study clearly show the main topics of the science, structure of scientific collaboration, and status of individual researchers within the IE research community.	1
Our analysis so far confirms that the observed bibliometric distribution patterns in the leading journals in the business ethics area exhibit highly skewed patterns consistent with an underlying inverse power law type of distribution.	0
Figure 1 is reproduced from the top panel on page 2 of Hatch and Schmidt, 2021.	0
Roland Waast is a senior researcher at IRD (Institut de Recherches pour le Développement, Paris), Research Unit UMR 201 (Development and Societies, IRD_University of Paris 1-Sorbonne).	0
the proportion of incorrectly rejected manuscripts on the total amount of published articles.	3
Here, we use this observation to formulate another metric, called Keyword Diversity Index to measure the interdisciplinarity of a paper vis-a-vis a field.	3
The year 2011 was chosen to give a substantial period for citations to accrue, so that there is more chance of getting high correlations between citation and readership counts for both journal articles and conference papers.	2
Specifically, educational multidisciplinarity of an institution is defined as MDedu =?	3
Finally, the study data were filtered, aggregated and represented using statistical methods implemented using Microsoft's statistical package and the Ucinet 66 program (following Bogartti, Everett & Freeman, 2002).	3
For this study, we generated an analytical data set from years 1985 to 2005 using data in ERNIE.	2
Funding Open Access funding enabled and organized by CAUL and its Member Institutions.	0
The author thanks Professor Jinying Su in the National University of Defense Technology for her helpful comments and feedback.	0
Table II reveals that 223 authors wrote or co-wrote a total of 124 articles on institutional repositories.	4
The most common topics of top ten highly cited papers were clinical research (60%) focusing on the treatment and prevention of progression, and epidemiologic studies (20%) and basic science research regarding the pathogenesis and genetics (20%, among the top ten articles).	4
Correlations with country regression coefficients are high for GERD (as a percentage of GDP) in all Main Panels, supporting H3.	4
2 Comparison of h index (a) and number of cited publications (b) by position and gender	0
Web of Science obtained the highest recall for six topics in four out of the five research areas, followed by SciFinder, which found the maximum number of relevant references for four topics in three research areas (see Table IV).	4
As seen in table 3, the Netherlands has had the highest contribution rate, by publishing 5,321 OA papers, followed by the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom, China, Japan, Poland, Italy, Spain, France, and Norway, respectively.	4
association strengths between early-career publication performance and later publication performance) are generally low, as illustrated in the diamond plot (Peters, 2017a, 2017b) in Fig.	4
Changes in patterns of collaboration between Russian universities after the commencement of the Russian university excellence initiative (Project 5-100) are studied in this paper.	1
It can be concluded that research in the topic related on “morbid obesity”, “robotic surgery”, “prostatectomy”, and “NOTES” will undoubtedly maintain the hotspots of laparoscopy research in the 21st century.	5
The results show a strong increase in the journal becoming a monthly journal since 2005.	5
In this paper we illuminate gender, ethnic and racial disparities in productivity with the intention that it will contribute to the literature on attrition in academia.	1
Finally, our research sample comprised 14,944 unique authors, accounting for 11,127 records in total.	2
AssignmentWatch did not detect any questions uploaded to CourseHero.	4
Analysis of the correlation between ECJ and JUC demonstrates that correlation between usage metrics and expected citations based on the journals impact factors is generally weak.	4
For ease of presentation, journal combinations are simply referred to as journals in the following paragraphs.	0
In addition, innate biases such as the 'halo' and 'velcro' effects may distract the attention of assessors from a submission's strengths and weaknesses, since they are likely to influence their pre-existing impressions.	5
The final indicator, the h-index, revealed the combination of the number of publications and number of citations received (Hirsch 2005).	3
The attempts in [1] and [5] to define variables for collaborative measures are quite different: [1] uses	0
Of these 3925 references, 3688 were in citing articles published before the source article CRPI was published.	4
It examines their characteristics, their place in the global system of knowledge and offers strategies for their improvement.	1
We found a general consistency in organizational research climates across a variety of subgroups in this random sample of research services in the VA.	4
The current study examines the research performance of all assistant, associate and full professors in five major Colleges in a leading Middle Eastern University.	2
Main interests are the History of Economic Thought, Political Economy and Economic Sociology.	0
Across the three areas, there are negative correlations between co-authorship network density and educational multidisciplinarity (Fig.	4
To gauge recommended word limits, PPottier, ML, SB, SMD, ELM, ARM, KM, LR, JT, CW, YY and SN inspected the author guidelines of each journal as of 2022/11/28, quantifying the constraints on title and abstract length, and the maximum number of keywords permitted for standard research articles.	3
The results indicated that family socioeconomic status has both direct and indirect positive effects on information searching.	4
Long-term follow-up is needed to confirm the importance of early, mentored research experiences in the development of research careers for medical and dental students.	5
To categorize the SNI researchers in the social sciences in Mexico, we used the active members Curriculum Vitae (CVU) for the year 2013 in which they record their academic and scientific achievements for evaluation purposes by CONACYT.	2
Acknowledgements This work is supported in part by Major Projects of National Social Science Foundation of China (No.	0
HK got the highest average IF of respirology articles and the majority of articles were published in top general medicine journals.	4
Almost half (44.6%) of the highly cited articles belonged to the subfield of clinical ethics, but other subfields such as research ethics, public health ethics and neuroethics became more prominent.	4
To improve the citation rate as well as the international influence in the field of Ocean Engineering, China need to explore more international cooperation.	5
When analysing these articles having a fixed text overlap threshold k = 0.66, it was possible to identify 70,406 clusters, each of which contains articles having the same or a very similar text.	4
Error dissemination within papers having common authors calls our attention to author's self-copying of references.	5
Results from a sample of 26 Scopus fields between 2009 and 2015 show that geometric means are the most precise and so are recommended for smaller sample sizes, such as for individual fields.	4
This work analyzes the development of Bioinformatics research in Mexico through articles published in the last 25 years, as they have been stored in a field-specific database (PubMed).	1
Clearly, North America published the majority of articles during 1985–2010 with 51.69% of all articles published.	4
2Department of Nutrition and Dietetics, School of Health and Sport Sciences, University of the Sunshine Coast, Sunshine Coast, Queensland, Australia	0
Of these articles, only three present the results of clinical trials, while most are review studies.	0
In this research, we use Ulrich's Periodicals Directory (Ulrichs), Journal Citation Report (JCR) from Web of Science (WoS), and SCImago Journal and Country Rank (SJR) from Scopus.	2
For a thorough understanding of diffusion mechanisms other factors, such as, properties of knowledge carriers, location, mobility, organizational form, culture, motivation, and trust may need to be considered.	0
The proposed method can be regarded as an extension of Leontief's input-output analysis, thus it is generally applicable to all systems with input-output relations.	5
On account of the 40 years of the journal's accomplishments, the study addresses the following research questions through the use of bibliometrics:	1
This research addresses an important gap in the literature by identifying how academics in tourism engage with bibliometrics.	1
Funding organizations therefore should be encouraged to further experiment with, and closely examine, practiced lotteries.	5
The group met virtually twice a week for 15 weeks with the overarching goal to acquaint new trainees with each other and the AIMS project's policies and procedures (Burgin, 2023a).	3
There was no statistically significant correlation between a journal's IF and the total score (rho = 0.291, P = 0.159).	4
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=usrv20	0
An interesting observation during the examined period was that competitive R01 renewal applications remained more successful (≈2×) than new R01 applications at all levels: NIH, NHLBI, DCVS, and VBHB (Figure 1B and 1C; Online Table II).	4
The views presented here are those of the authors and are not necessarily those of the Commonwealth Fund or its directors, officers, or staff.	0
The Hirsch index (H-index) was introduced by Hirsch to measure both the quantity and quality of a researcher's scientific performance through publication.	3
In topic tracking, we developed a time flow graph to depict topic evolution over time (see Figure 5).	3
In addition, for non open access journals, a shorter period between manuscript acceptance and the final published version, a longer time between online available and final publication, and more time from articles receiving to online posting positively impact journal ranking; while for open access journals, longer paper length and faster article acceptance has a positive influence on ranking.	4
Data relating to retracted manuscripts and authors found by the Office of Research Integrity (ORI) to have committed misconduct were reviewed from public databases.	2
At the Scopus broad field level, international correlations and country-specific regressions for five English-speaking nations (Australia, Ireland, New Zealand, UK and USA) suggest that first author citation impact is more important than co-author citation impact, but co-author productivity is more important than first author productivity.	4
Fourth, do the results apply only to entrepreneurship journals in the FT50 list, or do they apply to other leading, but non-FT50 entrepreneurship journals?	1
An examination of top-cited articles is a tool that can be used to identify and monitor outstanding scientific research.	1
Specific objectives are to: determine the quantity and quality of cancer research publications; classify cancer research by tumour type and by scientific domain; relate the cancer scientific production to the cancer burden in SA; determine trends in author affiliations and institutional collaborations; and identify gaps in cancer research in SA.	1
The research sample contained only full papers (N = 3,910) because other publications, like book reviews, editorials, and opinion papers, represent lower scientific capital.	2
We also demonstrate a strongly positive association between international collaboration and higher impact publications (as measured by citation counts) in the MENA region, irrespective of the volume of research output by individual countries.	5
This included 120 total articles: 80 articles listed in both and 20 unique in each database.	4
We estimate the effect of writing quality by comparing the average expert evaluations of the edited and original paper versions.	3
We found that collaboration distance has increased from 43.8 km in 1980 to 76.5 km in 2009 in natural sciences and from 68.7 km in 1980 to 119.2 km in 2009 in social sciences.	4
At the same time, other findings suggest that the Beall's List citing works may be simply distinctive rather than lower in quality; they are especially likely to appear in Open Access journals, to be published by nonprofit agencies (universities, in particular), and to focus on lower-income countries.	5
In the launch version of Dimensions, the database contained 90 million publications (of which 50 million were enhanced using a full-text version) to create 873 million citation links.	4
Using the concept of network centrality, this paper creates eight measures of an economist's influence through the traditional network of papers and citations and the more recent network of internet links.	1
This paper proposes h?-index as an improvement of the h-index, a popular measurement for the research quality of academic researchers.	1
These results are not additive because some articles had authors from both institutions.	0
Simultaneously, we see that these two fields do not play a major role at TU Dresden, because the heights of their bars are pretty low.	4
The primary outcome was the association between title characteristics (type of title, presence of uncommon words, and title length) and inclusion in the top 100 Altmetric list.	1
The proposed framework consists of six steps, as it is presented with Fig.	3
Whereas the lowest correlation is obtained for the indicator Journal Actual/Expected Citations; the highest is revealed for Percentile in Subject Area.	4
Third, the participants generally agreed that QAPs had a long history among local academics but were rarely reported.	4
All citation data were obtained by conducting a manual search in the Web of Science database.	2
Full counting method (Vinkler, 2010) was preferred for results for the reasons of simplicity.	3
The skew indicates that the median and percentile data in Table 1 should be used when evaluating the number of GS citation totals for kinesiology faculty from English-speaking countries like Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United States.	5
To examine the relationship between a country's baseline publication rate as a predictor of publication volume (outcome), controlling for GDP and population size, a negative binomial regression model (NBRM) was used.	3
News rankings of schools within the national universities category (released in 2011 from mostly fall 2010 data).	2
A AND B: SA journals mentioned in SM and indexed in WoS	0
PBC considers the out-link citations (references) in articles to estimate inter-article similarity, and hence it can work well for the common case where articles are cited by very few (and even no) articles.	5
We then used a grouping algorithm to associate the countries around the rim of the wheel until groups with strongest cross-links were placed close together (Fig.	3
Biomedical research activity was poorly correlated (r2 = 0.52) with the wealth of the 10 MENA countries in 2014 (Fig 1) but much better with their populations (r2 = 0.88) (Fig 2).	4
Density, on the other hand, measures the internal strength of the network.	0
The current study used citation data and relied on network analysis to determine centrality scores for 24 communication journals and the authors of their publications during the years 2007–2011.	1
In this study, we aim to determine the effect of implementing promotion policies to discourage unethical academic publishing.	1
Here we compare the topological consistency of citation networks extracted from six popular bibliographic databases including Web of Science, CiteSeer and arXiv.org.	1
We find that there is significant directionality between these two variables for many publications.	5
We first develop a genealogy of laser research and trace academic “dynasties” based on the links between doctoral students and their advisors.	3
The SA index provides researchers with an alternative, efficient tool for finding journals with both high JIFs and high h-indices; Importantly, as JIFs values vary in accordance with the discipline, the proposed standardized indicator enables researchers to compare journals fairly among disciplines and deduce the impact of one discipline over another (i.e., a higher overall average of the SA index values); the indicator thus offers references through the use of which important decisions (e.g., funding allocation) may be made.	5
Lists of papers and citation data were taken from Microsoft Academic Search (MAS).	2
Direct citation clustering was done using the VOS methodology and algorithm recently developed by Waltman and Van Eck (2012) at Leiden University.	3
Full details of the survey can be found online at www.tandfonline.com/page/openaccess/opensurvey.	0
'Lavandula angustifolia', 'Lavandula stoechas', and 'Lavandula × intermedia' are most extensively studied species.	4
Consistent with previous research (Lee & Haupt, 2020a), at a global level, there is a higher proportion of internationally coauthored papers on COVID-19 than internationally coauthored papers in the past and compared to non-COVID papers during the same time period.	5
Cultural links, including the shared language and religion, also facilitate close collaboration between countries.	4
These were then compared with publication numbers and impact factors for all otolaryngology journals.	3
The oldest references can be observed in the method section, followed by the introduction.	4
On the date of December 10, 2021, the SO= (INTERNATIONAL JOURNAL OF GASTRONOMY "AND" FOOD SCIENCE) query was run in the advanced search tab to access the publications in the journal from the WoS database.	2
The second empirical illustration is based on interviews conducted for two empirical studies (Gl?ser and Laudel 2005; Laudel and Gl?ser 2014).	2
We identified highly cited papers, top institutions, networks of authors, main journals and key areas in neurosciences for this period in the 5 countries.	4
had a greater percentage from North America (70.3% vs 59.2%); both journals had similar percentages from Europe (18.2% for AJSM? and 21.6% for Arthroscopy?).	4
For this study, all Greek university departments of economics and business were selected for evaluation and analysis.	2
The three rating categories used by the NRF that were analysed (and the number of researchers in these) were A (‘leading international scholars’, n=27), B (‘scholars with considerable international recognition’, n=129) and C (‘established scholars’, n=414).	2
For data collection, this study used the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) as its main research source.	2
The findings suggest that developing countries can learn from the experiences of other countries in implementing national higher education initiatives and improving higher education quality through encouraging competitiveness while offering autonomy, optimizing higher education management model, enhancing regular quality evaluations, and dynamic withdrawal mechanism.	5
Furthermore, the results indicate that Latin American business and management schools with better reputations and a higher level of heterogeneity exhibit better scientific performance.	5
Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms- and-conditions	0
The total numbers of HIV/AIDS research publications in 2002-2011 by country ranged from 7 to 9128 (median 319).	4
Over the past two decades, it has become a key outlet of FPR, as reflected by publication data drawn from the Web of Science Core Collection: A search for items with the query (“forest pol*” OR “forest govern*”) as a topic generates 2934 items of which 468 (16%) were published in Forest Policy and Economics, making it the journal with the highest number of articles in this sample (see Table 1).	2
This could rapidly be eliminated if journal editors implemented screening strategies, including text matching software.	5
It is the aspect referring to analysis of authorship that we have chosen to use in this paper to make a first approach to the situation of the academic-practitioner gap in Spain.	1
In this paper we study the correlation between P-score, a publication record index and H-index, a very popular citation-based index, in the setting of conference ranking.	1
A database was built from the official national S&T databases CvLAC and GrupLAC,3 which are developed and managed since 1996 by Colciencias, the Colombian science and technology policy organization.	2
As a result all journals in the field of medical informatics that had an impact factor in 2014 offer an open access option.	4
Acknowledgments: The authors would like to thank the editors and anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments and suggestions.	0
The scientific output of each professor is extracted from the Italian Observatory of Public Research (ORP), a database developed and maintained by the authors and derived under license from the Thomson Reuters WoS.	2
Topic modeling identified five main topics: (1) long COVID in people including children in the context of vaccination, (2) duration and suffering associated with long COVID, (3) persistent symptoms of long COVID, (4) the need for research on long COVID treatment, and (5) measuring long COVID symptoms.	4
Most of the proposed solutions suffer from three fundamental shortcomings: they involve (i) the concept of journal, in one way or another, (ii) calculating arithmetic averages from extremely skewed distributions, and (iii) binning data by calendar year.	1
In all five-year networks, as well as in the overall network (1990–2014), the observed cluster coefficients exceeded the results of the randomly created network (H4a), indicating the existence of a small-world structure.	4
Statistics, measures and misfits of each year (year statistics: measure order)	0
Still others propose to assign a fraction of credit proportional to the position of author names in the by-line (Oppenheim, 1998; van Hooydonk, 1997; Trueba & Guerrero, 2004).	0
The second OIS was randomly determined to reflect one of three combinations of weaknesses: weaknesses in the approach only; weaknesses in the PI only; weaknesses in both the approach and PI.	3
It was found that the majority of academics support open access and have a positive attitude toward it.	5
Our identification strategy builds upon matching those entities to European universities and upon controlling for a number of potential confounding factors via regression adjustment.	3
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
To test this, the researchers evaluated whether applicants with an institutional connection to a panellist scored better on measures such as previous grants, citations and number of publications.	3
In our analysis we used the following indexes: field-weighted citation impact; share of publications in Q1 journals; relative comparative advantage (RCA) index; Cosine similarity index; Gatev index of structural difference; index of differences of distribution structures based on RCA index; Salton Index of collaboration closeness; Index of relative influence of scientific partners (RISP index).	3
Compared to the 1991-2000 decade, Japan contribution to the top general medicine journals did not increase over the 2001-2010 period (0.66% vs.	4
Diachronically, based on the results on Shannon entropy, the trading practices of most disciplines are becoming more diversified (with the exception of Energy, Decision Sciences, and Health Professions), signifying that they are more inclined to import higher volumes of knowledge from a greater number of disciplines.	5
At the country level, the USA occupied the prime position in publishing the maximum number of scientific publications, almost double the number of papers published by England and China.	4
It is found that the number of active articles selected in each statistical year for the three sample journals is less than the size of the core set estimated by π-indexs.	4
A longer citation period does not affect citation concentration significantly in most fields.	4
The paper concludes that KDR is a more suitable methodology to retrieve data for measuring university research performance, particularly in an environment where universities are increasingly engaging in multidisciplinary research.	5
This shows that the h-index enjoys a number of interesting mathematical properties as an operator in the partially ordered positive cone (R+) of all infinite sequences with non-negative real values.	5
This study presents a methodology that can be used to characterize emergent topics within the context of a contemporaneous, global micro-model of the scientific literature.	1
To assess temporal trends in citation practices, we additionally sampled articles from four journals where we were able to access articles published over a period approaching four decades (early 1980s until 2019).	2
One of our objectives has been to show how sensitive the maps and overlays are to choices of parameters.	5
In order to investigate the effect of the different classification systems on bibliometric evaluations, this study compares the rankings of the most productive institutions and most productive authors using the two types of classifications.	1
Motivated by Rosenberg's classification scheme, we pose the following question: “Can we develop a quantitative methodology for identifying those scientists who are truly laconic and constantly influential compared to those who produce a mass of papers but relatively few of them contribute to their h-index ?	1
3, the correction places physics back to the middle of the bunch.	4
These data can include a site's age or number of times the page has been archived.	0
The GBDT model is used to predict the number of accepted papers for each institution in the eight top conferences in next year.	3
Finally, we defined papers with authors from at least two countries as belonging to the scope of international collaboration.	2
In conclusion, our work prompts a reconsideration of the current peer review system and carries policy implications for journals, institutions, and funding agencies aiming to cultivate interdisciplinary research.	5
To identify and characterize the most frequently cited articles that have been published on aortic dissection.	1
The departmental h-index increased from 48 in 2000 to 142 in 2014.	4
These findings support the psychological ownership hypothesis (hypothesis 2) and refute the crowding out hypothesis (hypothesis 1).	4
the observations are independent across groups, but not necessarily within groups.	3
10 COLLNET JOURNAL OF SCIENTOMETRICS AND INFORMATION MANAGEMENT 15(1) JUNE 2021	0
In addition, I studied the rank-order distribution of references that contributed to the 2-year and 5-year JIF, using the empirical equation proposed by Mansilla et al. (2007).	3
This study applied two diversity indicators to quantify the long-term publishing choices of academic authors.	5
Scientific growth over time was assessed using Price's law (Price 1963), which proposes that the growth of scientific production follows an exponential function.	3
The Bibliometrics program was used for bibliometric analysis.	3
The objective of this study was to quantify publications on genetic improvement during the period 2003–2013, the Scopus database.	1
Coefficients were estimated using a non-linear least squares estimation procedure in the statistical program R; three other estimation procedures are discussed elsewhere (Mahajan and Sharma 1986; Schmittlein and Mahajan 1982; Srinivasan and Mason</PERSON> 1986).	3
Just as citations to a book can be counted, so can that book's libcitations-the number of libraries in a consortium that hold it.	1
The lower JIFs in surgery may be due to the smaller surgical fields and/or due to less high impact interdisciplinary/interinstitutional publications in surgery.	5
The NIH grant success rate is defined as “the percentage of reviewed grant applications that receive funding.”	3
While the acceptance and appearance of a work are culminating events for authors, certainly for most the meaning of publication is not in the physical event.	0
Second, new features reflecting the emerging attributes of the research topics are extracted by constructing heterogeneous networks of bibliographic entities in the research domain.	3
Results also suggest that groups cite themselves more often than average, thereby boosting the scientific advancement of their own members.	4
Hence, this paper employed the network density index of the disciplinary co-occurrence network to compute the disciplinary cohesion of a topic, as expressed in Eq.	3
We specifically address whether the government affirmative policies in scientific production, such as the Brazilian Federal University Restructuring and Expansion Plan Support Program (Reuni, http://reuni.mec.gov.br) implemented in 2007, led to an increase in article production and quality measured by journal impact factor.	1
Science Mapping Analysis Software Tool, a bibliometric science mapping tool based on co-word analysis and h-index, is applied using a sample of 18,794 research articles published from 1930 to 2012 in 25 main social work journals indexed in the Journal Citation Reports of the Web of Science.	2
(2022) referring to the frequency of conducting 11 QRPs applicable to multidisciplinary groups was used.	2
In our disambiguation, four features per author—full name, names of coauthors, affiliation information, and email address—were used to produce a similarity profile of two name instance pairs.	3
We did this by identifying journals indexed under the relevant categories in Google Scholar (Category: Biodiversity and Conservation Biology), SCOPUS (Category: Nature and Landscape Conservation), Directory of Open Access Journals (Category: Natural History, including Nature Conservation and Geographic Distribution), Web of Knowledge (Category: Biodiversity Conservation); as well as all the journals systematically examined by Conservation Evidence (conservationevidence.com), a University of Cambridge project that creates synopses of the conservation literature.	2
The estimation results reveal that the two publishers increase their revenues by raising the article processing charges due to the inelasticity.	4
We used principal component analysis (PCA) to examine coauthorship network dynamics over different periods of time (Hotelling, 1933; Jolliffe, 2002).	3
This framework for technician recognition fundamentally imple- ments the FAIR principles, that data should be Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, and Re-usable, to facilitate knowledge discovery and sharing of data.	3
In our analysis (unless otherwise indicated) we consider the following types of documents: articles, conference proceedings, and reviews.	2
Figure 1: Number of journal papers published by two anonymous professors in the logistics / transport field between 2009 and 2013 and classified by ABS journal ranking.	0
Given the findings of the study, the implications are that the social sciences publications in South Africa will have a greater impact in terms of citations when they are involved in collaboration, particularly international collaboration.	5
In our opinion, one of the major problems in scholarly communication is the “publish or perish” phenomenon.	5
Table 1 WoS titles mentioned in Wikipedia entries (≥3)—data set A (Spring 2016)	0
In our case, the key-route global search algorithm is utilized to investigate the relationships between science, technology, and industry.	3
This confirms the potential to use hnorm as an alternative indicator to the average number of citations.	0
No restrictions were made in terms of the language or IF of the journal.	0
Therefore while discussing science on social media has many professional and societal benefits (and has been a lot of fun), increasing the citation rate of a scientist's papers is likely not among them.	5
The scientific collaboration in “shale gas" research was mapped and analyzed using the outcomes of the co-authorship network of countries and the citation network of authors, countries, and sources.	3
For this study, the authors developed another quantitative metric, cost-per-cited-reference (CPCR), to supplement the CPU data currently used to evaluate consortial Big Deal ejournal packages at their institutions.	1
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
The STEM disciplines were: biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, earth and atmospheric science, chemistry, chemical engineering, economics, civil engineering, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, materials engineering/materials science, industrial/manufacturing engineering, and biomedical engineering.	2
It aims to address issues like the following: the growth trajectories and trends of environmental research during the COVID-19 pandemic outbreak, the topical foci for research regarding COVID-19 and the environment, and the research gaps in the field.	1
Studying acknowledgements is necessary since they provide valuable information about the interactions, influences and collaborations that take place within the scientific process and that, otherwise, would be neglected.	5
2015), see also https://aka.ms/msracad, of our in-house database.	2
Publication count and citation count were significantly correlated, r = .781, p < .001.	4
The perceived challenges of OA have a negative impact on readiness for OA publishing.	4
This study aims to fill this gap by examining how one researcher navigates and reflects on invitations to publish outside their primary areas of expertise.	1
This initial search was refined into three subsets comprising articles with at least one author affiliated to a Spanish, European, or Latin American institution, respectively.	2
This study shows the results of a survey administered to the research community of the IRCCS Ospedale Pediatrico Bambino Gesù.	1
Nevertheless, also the Mahalanobis distance observed for the new indicators is not statistically consistent with ones obtained for a simulated unbiased process.	4
Consequently, geographic diversity—already low in 1985—remained unchanged through 2014.	4
The internal consistency of the questionnaire items was evaluated using Cronbach's alpha.	3
The Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) Web of Knowledge journal citation report (JCR?) was used to generate a list of OMFS-related journals that were the focus of this study.	2
It incorporates external, collaborator, and team management factors, forming the basis for our theoretically informed qualitative analysis.	1
This study aims at providing a retrospective overview of the glorious journey of JGIM between 2002 and 2020.	1
An attempt is made to cluster journals from the complete Web of Science database by using bibliographic coupling similarities.	1
The most consistent result relates to the number of authors which has a significantly positive coefficient in all twelve UoAs.	4
Consistent with Hypotheses 2 and 3, both forms of proximity enable internationalization, although in slightly different patterns.	4
On the other hand, it was shown that Sleeping Paper papers can shed new light on various dimensions of knowledge diffusion.	5
In this kind of graphs, authors who have published a paper in the conference are represented as nodes while co-authorship is represented as an edge between the involved author nodes.	3
In this study, the unit of analysis we use is a research article published in POM since its inception in 1992 up through 2012.	2
All source journals covered by the database were recategorized into the ESI fields.	2
Therefore, corrections should be made to exclude the word 'Korean' from JKAN's title.	5
Finally, most participants (88.4%) agreed to attend a training module on how to identify predatory journals.	4
To test the effectiveness of our models, we examine their performance on the synthetic data and the empirical data (17,750/26,992 scientists in the computer science/physics field).	2
A new theme emerged in this study as another motivational driver in scholarly publishing, i.e.	4
We suggest that this somewhat fragmented and fuzzy domain is held together by (1) a core group of authors who have for some time been co-authoring numerous papers and reports with one another; (2) several central journals, most notably the Lancet, addressing wider audiences and transcending the narrow specialization characteristic of scientific and biomedical fields; and (3) a growing body of large-data metrics, most prominently the Global Burden of Disease, which has become a rhetorical resource for numerous groups with different agendas.	5
We decided to use repeated measures ANOVAs with Bonferroni post hoc test in SPSS Statistics version 25.0.0.0 to compare the average ratings of each statement's importance in i) advancing one's career, ii) advancing science, and iii) advancing one's personal satisfaction, but to also provide thorough visual depictions of our data (made using Tableau Desktop 2018.1 and Excel) and access to full data files to allow re-analysis and re-interpretation of our findings.	3
Specifically, research themes and their relationships, the evolution of research themes over time, and prominent authors, articles, journals, institutions, and countries publishing in generative AI are identified.	1
The development of institutional repositories is one of the great achievements of the Spanish university system, and open-access publishing (mainly green open access) has grown considerably in the last decade.	4
Markedly more potential breakthrough articles are linked to the aggregate DNRF funding instrument.	4
We focused on only those city-to-city collaborations that produced at least 300 publications during the aforementioned period of analysis (i.e.	2
He is a member of the freshwater sciences committee of DIVERSITAS.	0
a sample of 265 presumed predatory journals (based on Krejcie and Morgan table) was constructed using a random sampling method.	2
In this small study that examined the number of authors and unique institutions in one scholarly pharmacy education journal, we observed an increase in the number of authors and institutions in peer-reviewed publications over a five-year period.	5
This study examines publication trends in the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) journals by countries' income level from 1987 to 2020.	1
In other words, information sharing may favor selection of more conservative (or conventional) research portfolios.	5
To investigate the relationship between the Green papers and the Author-pays papers across journals, partial correlation was conducted, after ensuring the normality of the data distribution.	3
In 2011, China ranked the fifth in the world, with its world share increasing from 0.64% in 2000 to 5.05% in 2011.	4
Then, we discuss the data source we used to choose the nonprofit organizations examined in our study.	0
We calibrate a simple random walk model over historical data of ranking mobility, which we use to 1) identify which strata of academic impact rankings are the most/least mobile and 2) study the temporal evolution of mobility.	3
We also tested our model on all papers published in 1990 by 12 prominent journals (table S4), finding an exceptional collapse for all (see Fig.	2
The information about the evolution of I(π) as a function of π (available on request) as well as the aim of facilitating the comparison with the fractional case justifies the same choice as before: [πm, πM] = [661, 978].	0
This paper examined the differences in research impact factor between conference papers presented in oral and poster sessions.	5
Then it is possible to conclude that the obtained results are in agreement with what is expected.	0
Clinical trials mean learning opportunities for young researchers: the younger respondents are, the more they feel participating in trials had a strong educational impact.	5
The author wishes to thank Leif Hansen and Thomas Basb?ll, both at Copenhagen Business School, for valuable comments.	0
Additional characteristics are investigated, such as highly-cited papers, prolific authors, distribution of papers by discipline, research communication channels, international collaborators, and document types.	3
The survey collected information about decision-making approaches for research funding allocation, and covered assessment criteria, current and past practices, and considerations for improvements or future practice.	2
It is imperative to ensure the active participation of low- and middle-income countries in setting up the global mental health research agenda, particularly in situations of global crisis, such as the ongoing pandemic.	5
The conclusions of this study are presented in line with the objectives set.	5
t = number of years of work of the researcher in the period under observation;	0
A total of 7119 articles were analyzed, and 842 different centers and 4483 different authors were identified.	2
There was a significant negative correlation between price levels and income levels, as well as price levels and the utilization of outpatient services.	4
Using the Academic Publishers Directory as provided by publishersglobal.com, we selected university and commercial presses according to the publisher's relevance to our identified sub-fields.	2
The selected papers are then processed in a Rocchio [48] style to revise the search query using citation analysis and tf.idf score of top k words from title and abstract.	3
The approach does not substitute for bibliometric analysis using the Web of Science database (Clarivate Analytics) or Scopus (Elsevier) to examine focus, productivity and impact.	3
This study shows the progression of traditional learning research and its fairly weak relation with technological developments.	5
(2) Can the rate of cheating be reduced by usage of an honor code or warning?	1
The two new methods may also be useful for overall cross-subject international comparisons, although the citations would need to be normalised separately by field (using the new crown indicator approach: Waltman et al., 2011a) before overall aggregate results could be calculated.	5
In this study, citation analysis was used to identify government information use, prevalence and jurisdiction across editorials, reviews and research articles to specifically quantify both the number of articles which cited government information and the number of government information citations per article and to provide a breakdown of the government citations’ originations.	1
We examine the relative strength of short-term citation counts, bibliometric measures such as journal impact factors, and journal rankings in terms of predicting long-run citations.	1
Notes: (i) The horizontal line shown the average number of co-authored papers in the period	0
To this end, within each of the 234 subject categories, we determine the core journals, i.e.	3
The results show that Asia, as the world's primary HHW trading area, serves as both the chief export area and principal import area, with Europe being Asia's largest partner (Fig.	4
Finally, our study also reveals that funded Ph.D.	5
We select the top five and the bottom five subject categories in both science (SCI) and social science (SSCI).	2
In this study we aimed to provide detailed evaluation of the 100 most cited articles (T100) in CHD using bibliometric analysis, hoped to get the insights of CHD in past decades by analyzing the publication year, journal, authorship, country and interactions, type of study, total citations, h-index, citation density and funding source.	1
One intriguing finding in our study is the negative correlation between exploration of new research topics and the likelihood of obtaining subsequent GP funding.	4
Results indicate that most journals cited in the literature were outside communication studies.	4
These latter two institutions showed the largest number of collaborations, although most of them were with institutions within their own country.	4
The data source is the current ESI data updated on January 21, 2021.	2
During the interviews, the ReAct taxonomy and visual research profiles based on the ReAct categories were used to encourage and ensure in-depth discussions.	3
The largest number of maternal mortality publications was found in the field of Obstetrics and Gynecology, followed by the Public, Environmental, and Occupational Health field (increase from 1994 until 2013 of 300% and 700%, respectively).	4
First, research misconduct is not a career-ending event.	5
Azoulay (2019) describes the index aptly and simple as follows: “when the papers that cite a given article also reference a substantial proportion of that article's references, then the article can be seen as consolidating its scientific domain.	3
The search was carried out using the databases of the Clarivate Analytics Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection, as this source has a record of all the institutional affiliations of the authors, as well as the citations of the documents, and is linked to the data on the impact and visibility of the journals the articles are published in from the ranking listed in the Journal Citation Reports.	2
The most commonly shared similarities between in Russia and China were the predominant use of supply side policy instruments relative to demand side instruments, and the priority given to S&T development and innovation generation, with less attention being paid to innovation diffusion and adoption.	5
In addition, an asymmetry could be identified in Brazilian publications, given the concentration of papers in RBEF.	4
In this paper, the scientific system of a country is approximated by its publication output.	2
The bibliometric indicators proposed in this paper seek to measure these two closely related dimensions of excellence.	5
The funders had no role in the design of the study; in the collection, analyses, or interpretation of data; in the writing of the manuscript; or in the decision to publish the results.	0
Thematic mapping was performed with the help of word analysis in the Bibliometrix program, and strategic diagrams were produced.	3
Nevertheless, the results of “Affiliation search" still differ from the results of "Document search" by 32%.	4
Applying the second-act model to second-act articles, we obtain significant improvement on fitting performance (see Figure 4B–O for examples).	4
CONTACT Basudev Mohanty basudev@iopb.res.in; basudev_mohanty@rediffmail.com Department of Atomic Energy, Institute of Physics, Bhubaneswar, Odisha 751005, India.	0
The authors appreciate the anonymous reviewers for their detailed comments for the improvement of this work.	0
We here describe the catalysis and subsequent development of a successful new process to solicit preprints for consideration for publication in Proceedings B.	1
The sizeable differences between weight and size ratios offer a new and critical perspective on the weighting schemes currently used in PRFS, also in other countries.	5
This paper describes the results of a multi-level network analysis of web-citations among the 1,000 universities with the greatest presence on the world wide web.	1
In this study, we consider the paper submission process, citation process, and JIF to construct a comprehensive system.	3
For instance, it is not necessarily so that the cities listed in a publication reflect the locations where the research was carried out.	0
Four leading economics journals shared data on nearly 30,000 manuscripts with Card et al., who found that author gender did not influence key aspects of the evaluation process.	2
We applied imbalanced-learn's synthetic minority oversampling (SMOTE) function to the data using default parameters to account for the imbalanced nature of high and low-impact publications.	3
RQ2 Who are the most central scholars (exhibiting the most depth and breadth in their publications) in the communication discipline during the years 2007–2011?	1
Author’s address: 5 Wahroonga Avenue, Wahroonga, New South Wales 2076, Australia.	0
The proportion of total publications (co-)authored by ECS increased by ~11% from 1991 to 2020 (Figure 1a), and the mean number of ECS (co-)authors per article increased from 1.15 to 2.20 in the same period (Supplementary Figure S2a).	4
In all the regressions which we executed we also checked for the absence of multi-collinearity between the explanatory variables, omitting some of them as necessary.	0
They also wish to thank Julie Caruso and Johanna Kratz for revising the manuscript.	0
The main data source for this work is the CORD-19 corpus (Wang et al., 2020) containing research articles mostly from biology and medicine applicable to the COVID-19 crisis.	2
Binary classification models are utilized to predict papers that were highly-cited or less highly-cited by a number of supervised learning techniques.	3
This finding is consistent with Merton's (1973) hypothesis on the communication function of the Matthew effect, in which authors with higher fame and reputation receive disproportion-ately more attention in science.	5
We then introduce a second indicator, technology relevance, namely the average number of patent citations received by research articles produced by a country in a given time interval, again normalized by the world average of such quantity.	3
Aim To analyze and visualize the knowledge structure of scientific articles in the field of Endodontology with high altmetric attention scores to discover hot topics, active researchers and which journals were involved.	1
The data were retrieved from Web of Science's Science Citation Index (SCI; Materials and Methods).	2
The most productive countries and institutions do not necessarily obtain the highest average citation impact.	5
Our results suggest that the distribution that we obtain is discipline independent, as there exists a very strong correlation (r > .96) between the general journal PLoS ONE and the other six journals that are domain specific.	4
We identified seven major factors: (1) confusion over what counts as a ‘significant’ contribution; (2) lack of formal team authorship policies or unclear formal policies; (3) efforts to promote positive team dynamics and avoid conflict; (4) lack of training in personnel management and conflict resolution; (5) lack of concern about honorary authorship by mid-/late-career Pls, insofar as it did not harm them; (6) deference or lack of power on the part of early-career scientists; and (7) informal or formal mentorship by scientists who engaged in honorary authorship.	4
Distance courses offered by the university are administered separately, but delivering them has become a popular source of supplemental income for faculty.	0
The empirical analysis revealed a highly internationalised group, but concluded that international networks were relatively more frequent in the case of mobile scientists.	5
In addition, co-occurrence analysis was performed to analyze the relationship between authors, keywords and citations.	3
In contrast, the institutions identified as outliers might have a strong preference for a particular model as the models will lead to a considerable amount of money that either has to be spent or that can be saved.	5
In 563 (73.31%) articles, the correction was acknowledged in the original record.	4
5 respondents (3.1%) declared having committed scientific fraud in the past 5 years and 38 respondents (23.8%) declared having witnessed or suspected scientific fraud by anyone from their department in the past 5 years.	4
In sum, with the 17 swan groups in physics and the 11 swan groups in economics, we now present the three types in Table 2.	0
All in all, the data from this sample do not point to a neat core of resources but to a high level of diversity among the resources used, much like the data from citation analyses in English literary scholarship in general and the broader humanities.	4
Despite the varying disciplinary perspectives, the 18 case studies had testimonials in common.	4
RQ2: How have citations evolved over this period?	1
This finding provides significant support for the argument that article visibility among these three information science journals, aided by the presence of a highly-cited article within an issue of the journal, increases citation rate.	5
The 1970s was a decade that achieved special prominence in conceptual diversity and relational complexity of titles.	4
Finally, the two-exponent law is compared to alternative models using a likelihood ratio test.	3
The years with the highest values of scientific production are 2022, with 79 articles, and 2021, with 77 articles, while the year with the lowest production is 2008, with 37 articles.	4
With this goal, the journal Biological Invasions has been active on Facebook and Twitter since 2017.	1
The author of the current study used data gathered from three journals in the field of Spanish and Latin American literature to analyze publication and language characteristics of resources.	2
b Department and Graduate School of Accountancy, College of Commerce, National Chengchi University, P.O.	0
Identification of the most influential companies based on number of citations.	0
Our analysis suggests that collaboration between re- searchers among Sub-Saharan African countries is weaker than that between the Sub-Saharan African researchers and their counterparts in USA and Europe, particularly UK.	5
Therefore, in view of the above, this study aimed to: a) determine the frequency of use and longevity of ECs in articles published in REC and 3 other leading Spanish biomedical journals; b) study the quality of the ECs and the characteristics of the links; c) analyze the factors that may influence link accessibility and retrievability, and d) perform a comparative analysis between REC and the other selected medical journals.	1
From 1997 to 2015, statistical machine learning algorithms continued to dominate, with SVM, HMM and MaxEnt being the most representative.	4
Finally, the approach is statistically significant than the baseline approaches in scholarly search, improving efficiency by almost 30% regarding nDCG@10% and 20% when measured by MAP@15, respectively.	4
In this discourse of the blind, the side with the money usually won.	0
Elapsed time between arXiv submission and journal publication has shortened but remains longer in mathematics than in physics.	4
2) is the same for both LHS and SSH, this result indicates that, accounting for the single scaling parameter at an aggregate level, scientific production is universal, and does not depend on the specific scientific field.	4
Note that none of them are precisely the same, perhaps reflecting government policy for diversity in higher education (Dearing, 1997).	0
Time-series clustering was used to identify the most common or unexpected patterns in the time-series dataset (Aghabozorgi et al., 2015).	3
The primary goal of this paper is to explore and understand retractions in the technology field in developing economies countries.	1
Flipping to open access in OBGYN journals is associated with a citation advantage with major authorship changes, leading to inequity.	5
Taking its starting-point from Hayden's article in this journal (Stud Philos Educ 31:1–27, 2012), this paper discusses the situation of educational research in three countries: The Netherlands, South Africa and Norway.	1
Four sets of comparisons of selected papers were run to identify which citation metric is more oriented towards publication period representativeness.	3
However, the results also revealed that the increase in the average number of authors and co-authorship is occurring across the field of Danish Economics and Political Science, regardless of research methods or approaches.	5
The Creative Commons Public Domain Dedication waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) applies to the data made available in this article, unless otherwise stated.	0
Our study highlights areas where efforts could be made to address policy issues, institutional barriers, and national biases to promote more productive collaboration in the global scientific community.	5
3a); high-impact papers produced by small teams are the most disruptive, and high-impact papers produced by large teams are the most devel- opmental.	4
An analysis of the top-five journals that cited the research published revealed that that 90.2% of them belonged to the first and second quartiles confirms the quality of the research being published.	4
coefficient, 0.01507; 95% CI, 0.01265-0.01749; P < .0001) of editorial board members were significant predictors of the 2014 IF of their journal.	4
No matter whatever the case is, however, one currently has no choice but to use this database.	0
The authors acknowledge their indebtedness to the many institutional archivists whose generous assistance made it possible to develop the data presented in this study.	0
Our study highlights the low integration of Ukrainian A&H research into the global academic community, evident through a decline in papers published in influential journals and poor citedness.	5
Zuckerman (1968) did not provide figures on the rate of single-author publication by Nobel laureates.	0
We classified the articles into seven categories: gastric cancer (n = 53), Helicobacter pylori (n = 17), ulcer (n = 7), gastrointestinal stromal tumors (n = 6), gastritis (n = 5), gastric bypass surgery (n = 2), and others (n = 10).	3
The author is very grateful to the anonymous reviewers for their insightful comments and suggestions for improvements.	0
They also placed emphasis on the value of the library's e-journal collections, but they had some issues with electronic access.	4
The attitude score was significantly higher for doctoral students (9.2%) than master students (90.8%); p = 0.003; and for participants with publications (13.4%) compared with those without publications (86.6%); p = 0.005.	4
2015 ASIS&T Published online 5 May 2015 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
The second hypothesis is the opportunity cost of time hypothesis, which posits that there are increasing pressures to publish in the field of economics.	3
For the analysis, this research employed the Korea Science Citation Database (KSCD) by KISTI as the data source.	2
Overall, six of the institutions are USA based, and this shows the abundant scientific research of USA in the domain.	5
Molesworth et al., 2010; Slaughter and Rhoades, 2004; Teixeira and Dill, 2011).	1
In the first-degree network (i.e., a network that consists of the focal author, the coauthors, and the connections among the nodes), productivity is positively associated with team size, while team size and research impact exhibit an inverted-U shaped relationship.	4
In this work, we revisit that method and indicators in the light of the advancements occurring in scientometrics and our further inquiries into the issue.	1
Citation networks representing bibliographic databases are compared through 21 graph statistics introduced above.	3
Public, environmental and occupational health articles from China, Japan and Korea that were published in 161 journals from 2003 to 2012 were retrieved from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) database.	2
For the basis of this analysis, the Essential Science Indicators (ESI) scheme from InCites database is selected to maintain the comparability of results to Lauk and Allik's (2018) study.	2
We are particularly interested in how the recommendation given by the referee affects the review dynamics.	1
All relations are positively significant, that is, the number of citations increases with the increase of articles.	0
The dataset utilized for this research spans from 2004 to 2022 and encompasses a comprehensive set of 27 member countries of the European Union.	2
The results were generally consistent with the existence of an empirical HoS.	4
Keywords Forecasting · Library and information science · Sub-field analysis · Disciplinary differences · Time series analysis	0
The number of scholarly citations to each volume of all types (books, articles, unpublished manuscripts) was retrieved using the Google Scholar search engine during the same month in 2017.	2
Leveraging on the standardized markup, <ref> tags and <xref> tags were used to identify the references and the cross-references to objects within the document, respectively.	3
The sample was comprised of 22 female and 20 male students.	2
Following a process marker approach, the pace of initial utilization of this research was measured as the time from trial conceptualization, development and implementation, through results dissemination and uptake.	1
Statistical calculations were done using ExcelTM software (Microsoft, Redmond, USA) and Addinsoft (2019) XLSTATTM statistical and data analysis solution (Long Island, NY, USA).	3
We then delve into the broader ideological debate behind the rankings and the dispute for cultural hegemony, which is the central focus of this article.	3
Therefore, we performed the present study to assess the impact of copublication of Cochrane reviews across all Cochrane review groups.	1
The correlations between reviewing activity and research activity are generally weak overall and within specific research fields.	4
Specifically, multipliers of 1.000, 1.378, 1.864, and 2.554 were applied to each journal's citation counts for 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018, respectively.	3
students, 31 postdocs and untenured professors, 25 permanently employed professors and senior academics).	2
Keyword clustering analysis is used to identify hot topics in the research, and keyword co-occurrence analysis is employed to reveal the focal points of the research.	3
Promotion campaigns of scientific publication should reinforce the widespread adoption of easy-to-use social media because, besides the velocity and variety of diffusion channels, the extended use guarantees that journal's papers will reach increasing audiences.	5
Thus, while the rhetoric of OAMJ publishers suggests that ‘the community decides’ which papers are significant, an adaptation of Shirky's publish-then-filter model [1], in practice there seems as yet to be no way of effectively aggregating and communicating the views of that community.	5
From all journals used for publication, Physical Review B is the preferred journal to report analysis and discoveries of density functional theory, followed by Journal of Physical Chemistry C.	4
Received: 3 December 2008 / Accepted: 3 June 2009 / Published online: 24 June 2009	0
Through meetings held with Wiley colleagues, and after a review of the literature on peer review, we first identified five principles that we felt define a 'gold standard' of peer review:	3
The highest-ranking fronts in this set are not very multidisciplinary in their impact as yet.	0
In brief, we developed an empirical framework and tested it with an analytical approach appropriate for testing exploratory models.	5
The exponent <1 indicates there is an inverse Matthew Effect or a cumulative disadvantage of single-authored papers.	5
In terms of emergent topics in the last 5 years (i.e., absorptive capacities and social innovation), such topics have been in the body of literature of BMA for more than a decade.	5
to detect each laureate's research topics and used the entropy weight method to weight three common clustering evaluation indexes (Saxena et al., 2017), i.e., Silhouette Coefficient (SC), Calinski-Harabas Index (CHI) and Davies Bouldin Index (DBI) to comprehensively evaluate the clustering effect.	3
A linguistic analysis is conducted of peer review reports and the communication between authors, referees, and editors using natural language processing and other computational linguistic techniques.	3
Supplementary material related to this article can be found, in the online version, at doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.joi.2020.101113.	0
The h-index for the data collected from Scopus is presented.	3
Details on the steps for this study are shown in Figure 1.	0
According to our definition of international comparative research, a geographical coding strategy based on geo-codes was implemented.	3
The network map of the countries and institutions is shown in Figure 3C and Figure 3D and the top 10 are listed in Table 1.	0
In comparison to scholars active during the 1950s, we observed that a minimum of four publications within the first ten years became necessary in the 2000s to decrease dropout rates.	4
A further remarkable observation is that the transition to the awakening period is characterized by a sudden 'jump' and followed by an approximately linear increase of the number of citations but at a much higher rate as compared to the linear increase during the sleeping period.	5
This research finds evidence that various personal factors can drive students to engage in the unethical practice of plagiarism.	5
The five hot anticancer drug research topics were also disclosed; they are: (1) chemotherapy drugs, (2) drug delivery, (3) bioscreening, (4) drug resistance research, and (5) enzyme inhibitor studies.	4
Within these two categories, we vary the data source (WoS or Scopus) and the treatment of co-authorship (full or adjusted counting).	3
This article is published under the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY 4.0) licence.	0
We approach the detection of such articles from three different perspectives in order to provide different typologies of breakthrough articles.	1
Of the 100 articles, 56 were based on a multicentre study and 21 on an international study.	4
Therefore, approaches to approaches to network analysis and visualization— the Leiden algorithm (Traag et al., 2019) and the Fruchterman-Reingold algorithm (Fruchterman & Reingold, 1991)—were also used to gauge this social component of the distribution of symbolic capital in the field (see Step 8 below).	3
The author appearing first in the alphabet is Akse, and therefore his cluster is numbered as 1.	0
It could well be said that they watched each other but did not work together.	0
Retraction rates due to any form of misconduct, adjusted for the size of the literature in different disciplines, vary from 0.22 per 100,000 articles in the Humanities to 7.58 in Medicine and 7.69 in Chemistry.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 57(2):169–185, 2006	0
One of the most widely adopted topic modeling techniques is latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA), a generative statistical model that identifies topics based on words collected in a corpus of documents (Blei et al., 2003).	3
The survey was distributed to LPC membership via its listserv (see appendix 1).	2
Participants 772 organisations from industry and academia nested within 56 countries and connected through 2397 collaboration links.	2
Thus, our findings indicate that the mixed findings in prior work could be due to NIH grants, but not politically motivated earmarks, crowding out other research funding.	5
This study provided a dynamic and comprehensive perspective on the continuous evolution of EM research in Taiwan during the past two decades by analysing scientific publications with first authors affiliated with Taiwan EDs and affiliated with Taiwanese in EM journals over the past 20 years.	1
In order to ensure that the recovery rate and the identity of the interviewees meet the requirements of the questionnaire, we only distributed the questionnaires to researchers and editors at our institution (Sichuan Academy of Social Sciences).	0
To better illustrate the dynamic properties of our modified indices, take the data of a real author from WoS, see Table 6.	2
Institutional characteristics of journals also affect the likelihood of repeat authorship, as well as citation outcomes.	5
The study highlights internal differentiation of physics institutions on three groups (“major”, “high energy”, and “secondary” institutions).	4
As transnational collaborations make it impossible to identify the source country of a given reference in a publication, the study was limited to regular articles with a single author country and involved a total of 32.7 million articles during the period 1980–2020 and 1.29 billion entries in the reference lists of these articles.	2
Citation network analysis was used to reveal areas of inter-dependence and cross-reference or high linkage to key theoretical or empirical texts, shown by highly connected nodes.	3
In 2010, foundation funding of academic research was roughly equal to the contribution of industry (National Science Board 2012).	4
Vendor, link-resolver, and local citation statistics for the study institution were gathered for health sciences journals.	3
We then set the research question: How can the complexity of the collaboration and knowledge structure in interdisciplinary research projects be evaluated?	1
The differences in RCA for the 27 major thematic areas revealed through a variance analysis of the late 1990s and early 2010s clearly show a decline in global competitiveness in key areas.	5
Searching a second database increased the recall of results by an average of 17.6 percent.	4
By referring to the institutions in all PCSK9 papers, we found that the development of the PCSK9 field involved the collaborations of 9,286 scientists distributed among 4,203 institutions worldwide over the last two decades.	4
Given their aims of increasing uptake of OA, lowering OA costs, decreasing administrative complexity, and signaling support for innovative Open Science systems, funder OA platforms are, in our view, a welcome step forward.	5
The first step of CCA is to assign to every conference a vector of four values (Elements), each corresponding to one of the four metrics: [PRmean(1/4), PRmean(1/3), impact, h-index].	3
We thank David Arundel for informative discussions on the Ringelmann effect.	0
Chinese institutions cooperated most frequently with entities from the USA.	4
There is no pattern or correlation between the number of articles and the number of citations.	4
(1) Integer counts were obtained from Scopus, which is compiled by Spanish science policy community (Scimago 2018).	2
Subsequently, the K-means clustering algorithm is used to partition the scholars into categories, and the optimal number of clusters is determined by calculating within-cluster sum of squares (WCSS) (Zhao & Fr?nti, 2014) and silhouette coefficient (Rousseeuw, 1987).	3
We observe that economics stands out, by far, from the other disciplines of the social sciences, followed by management with 30% and 13% respectively of the total output.	4
Comments, reader's correspondence, book chapters, and chapters in conference proceedings were not counted and excluded from the selection.	0
However, the results remain relatively stable if the data source (Scopus instead of WoS) or the way in which co-authorships are taken into account (adjusted instead of full counting) is changed.	4
The crowd-translation project under the CEAL-Mellon Innovation Grant is a highly collaborative project among four groups, including librarians, scholars, expert consultants, and information technologists.	3
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/0307-4803.htm	0
This paper, therefore, proposes a framework to evaluate knowledge popularity by investigating mutual relationships among authors, tags, and knowledge in a heterogeneous network.	1
Product Development Department, LG Life Science, 58, Saemunan-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul 110-061, South Korea	0
A majority of LIS faculty is very critical of what is perceived to be detrimental control exercised by publishers over the scholarly communication system and agrees that major changes need to be made to this system.	4
The bars indicate the number of individuals rating the different motives according to their personal importance.	0
But the statistically significant relationship between survivals versus self-expression values and both citation impact indicators remained stable even after controlling for the confounding variables.	4
The sample consisted of published or publishing authors of peer-reviewed scientific articles.	2
Correlations between teacher value added and ratings are calculated from the full sample without accounting for applicant status.	3
Topic Strength Index (TSI): TSI is the most direct index used to measure the degree of a laureate's exploitation in an established topic (Liu et al., 2012).	3
Another data source available to us as the Royal Society of Chemistry is the details of our membership as the UK's professional body for chemical scientists.	2
A group of 10 South American universities were selected that were different from each other with respect to their normalized impact and number of publications, as well as belonging to 10 different South American countries (Table 1).	2
They were also included in the study making the total articles to 982.	0
This yielded 1,646 research articles with 17,937,127 single written words composed on 30,227 pages of text with an average count of 18.36 pages per article.	2
También evidencian los intereses temáticos de esas revistas, es decir, en las indexadas en Scopus no se encontró un interés creciente por los artículos que tiene como objeto de estudio los problemas sociales que aquejan al Chocó en Colombia.	5
Finally, we found that six of 15 countries accounted for more than 75% of journals in which tweeted papers have citation advantage and the citation advantage at paper level is significant over 35%: the United States, the UK, France, Canada, Australia, Sweden and Switzerland.	4
Productivity is measured using the FSS indicator, which embeds both quantity and impact of output.	3
The total impact factor (IF) of the original articles published during that period was 227.86, and the mean IF was 1.93.	4
To simplify visual presentation, these tail nodes do not appear in the nets.	0
Over the past 20 years, SLA has emerged as an independent discipline with interdisciplinary interactions with other academic areas.	4
If sound estimates of metric-specific functions exist for all widely applied journal ranking metrics used in a field, then, moving forward, all can, in principle, be compared by simply scoring one “parent metric" (perhaps the h-index) and converting to the other metrics, as needed.	5
Scientific misconduct was the main cause for retraction.	5
We define a paper as a home run if it is in the top 5% of papers published that year (equivalently, has a citation percentile above 95%).	3
If the marginal cost c associated with the quality standard Qb is low, c < c?	4
To assess statistical significance, we apply the Chow test to identify structural breaks in the time sequence, the Spearman correlation test for the relationships between the indicators, and the t-test and Wilcoxon test for paired samples to ensure the significance of the difference between pre- and post-acknowledgement.	3
The possibility of detecting a modified version of current generators was also verified with success.	5
The inter-networks consist of the author-paper network, paper-journal network, and author-journal network.	3
Of the 982 articles examined, 690 (70 percent) had at least one free full-text version available through a GS version (publisher PDF or author’s manuscript).	4
The evaluation is based on Péter Jacsó's theories on database evaluation which puts focus on Summon and GS via the use and application of ten different criteria.	3
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY ??	0
We categorised studies on the basis of the JPIAMR strategic research agenda's six priority topics (therapeutics, diagnostics, surveillance, transmission, environment, and interventions) and did an observational analysis.	3
Some interesting future research lines can be identified through the study of the scientific areas addressed and explored in the last 40 years.	5
Wood, Department of Accounting, Law and Management Science, Portsmouth Business School, Richmond Building, Portland Street, Portsmouth, PO1 3DE, UK.	0
If we use the number of citations as an index of the impact of a journal article on the profession, we can evaluate the scientific impact efficiency of each grant as the total citations of all journal articles supported by a certain grant divided by the amount of money of the grant.	3
Investigations of the subject can easily be performed by anyone with access to a large library and a strong index finger (at least the latter should probably be your own).	0
Therefore we use this fact to define a forward intimacy index I f mn, and a backward intimacy index I b mn:	3
Hence, we cannot reject the baseline hypothesis, suggesting that knowledge spillovers are global rather than locally bound.	5
Table 2 Key results overlap analysis of top 100 lists in all five ranking systems	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
In Figure 4, this top can be observed, where, in the first place with 18 publications, we find Zavadskas E.K., followed by Stancu S., Andrei T., and Lungu I.	4
We present the Mantel-Haenszel estimator of the row risk ratio (MHRR) as an alternative indicator to MHq, one that captures the phenomena MHq was expected to measure but does not.	3
From a methodological point of view, our results support the relevance of patent citations as a way to measure technological proximity between inventions.	5
Sci-Hub might damage these advances, not because it grants access, but because it distorts what OA is about and might lead people to cease using the OA platforms we have constructed with so much effort.	5
The new indicator shows evident advantages, particularly in terms of greater capacity to detect significant differences in impact between publications.	5
For any given academic year (Fiegener, 2011), in our case, we matched individual-level SDR data files with the corresponding SED data.	2
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The coauthorship pattern was mainly driven by preferential attachment and research focus.	5
The publication dates of RAE-submitted outputs are skewed toward the more recent years in each cycle.	4
Published by Wolters Kluwer - Medknow, Mumbai | Managed and supported by the Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment (ATREE), Bangalore.	0
The circles are proportionally larger based on the degree of centrality.	0
This choice is reinforced by the compatibility of WoS data with the bibliometric analysis tool Biblioshiny (Aria & Cuccurullo, 2017), allowing direct importation of raw data.	3
Academic Tracker uses the docopt library to implement a command line interface (CLI) from a Python docstring description.	3
To facilitate our study, we first match all papers according to their digital object identifier (DOI) in the Web of Science platform (WoS) that Indiana University Bloomington purchased, then randomly select another non-Prize-winning article for each of the NPs based on the rule that this benchmark paper must be published in the same year and from the same journal.	2
To address the issue we have measured a quantitative and reliable proxy of the academic reputation of a given institution and compared our findings with well-established impact indicators and academic rankings.	1
A combination metric is also proposed that melds the standard Euclidean Index, which focuses on raw citation count, with the Euclidean w-index, which focuses on journal-specific w-index scores.	5
Is there a relationship between full-text articles retrieved in GS, including those found in the IR, and their scholarly impact (times cited)?	1
It has demonstrated that the administrative services significantly influenced faculty members’ research outputs.	5
The number of existing ORCIDs from 2012 to 2020 were collected using ORCID annual reports found in the ORCID research repository (“ORCID research repository” 2020).	2
(4) Citation impact is most frequently assessed with reference to international scientific fields.	4
Analyses were done on a sample of 410 Vietnamese social scientists whose publications were indexed in the Scopus database during 2008–2017.	1
Put another way, the observed positive relationship between quantity and quality can be interpreted as a consequence of randomly drawing citation counts for each publication: more productive years yield higher-cited papers because they have more chances to draw a large value.	4
Therefore, for the university management, the coming challenge is to support the current level of research activity of young representatives of this group of staff members.	5
This paper investigates the history, deployment, and content of institutional repositories (IRs) in public universities in South Africa.	1
The article complies with the ethical standards of the Declaration of Helsinki.	0
To perform a meaningful comparison, a control set of two non-predatory mainstream marketing journals was created.	2
We design a novel randomized controlled trial to test if reviewers exhibit anchoring.	3
Thirdly, we found that the relative importance of innovation issues in AJTI articles has changed over time following a scholarly trend among innovation studies.	5
Academic age at which the annus mirabilis takes place gravitates towards the center of a career, especially amongst older scientists.	4
In this study the WoS and the Chinese Science and Technology Periodical Citation Database (VIP) are used as data sources because of their coverage and representation.	2
15, 2018 from Web of Science and Scopus.	2
Large communities are dominated by organizational accounts associated with journals, while small communities are dominated by experts in the field.	5
The ICC turned out to be 0 [P = 1.0, 95% CI (0, 0.14)]" for the ratings, 0 [P = 1.0, 95% CI (0, 0.15)] for strengths, and 0.017 [P = 0.9, 95% CI (0, 0.18)] for weaknesses, indicating that there was no agreement among reviewers for a given application.	4
With regard to the journals publishing the related literature, Technological Forecasting and Social Change, Futures and Technology Analysis Strategic Management are the top three journals, with over 33% of the total articles published.	4
Overall, we have come to the conclusion that there is no inherent contradiction between usage metrics (as a particular case of “altmetrics") and traditional citation metrics.	5
We investigated the intellectual structure, such as core key words and themes, pivotal key words and themes, key words with special statuses, marginalized, and emerging themes, of China's disaster medicine.	5
The specific objectives of the study were to: (1) assess the quantity of research output published by information science academics in Kenya (2) analyse the citation patterns of the publications (3) examine the visibility of the publications (4) explore social networks among the academics based on co-authorship of research articles (5) propose strategies to enhance the quantity, quality and visibility of research output by information science academics in Kenya.	1
The proportion of unfunded articles for each field did not vary statistically in the period of study (1987 to 1991), by the chi-square contingency test.	0
1 Department of Computer, Control and Management Engineering "Antonio Ruberti" (DIAG), Sapienza University of Rome, Rome, Italy	0
This current study is an independent study that sheds light on the long-standing activity of the Russia-based paper mill 'International Publisher' LLC and identifies collaboration anomalies and a set of indicators to identify fraudulent papers.	1
We found that P-score and H-index have a significant correlation reflected by a Kendall-Tau of approximately 0.5153.	4
“legal medicine” was the keyword used in “web of science category/research area” for the literature review.	2
More letters and editorial materials and fewer articles were published in the first year of its outbreak.	5
(1986): Mapping the Dynamics of Science and Technology, Mac Millan, London, 242 p.	0
In this study, we show that methods from mobility analysis applied to a low-dimensional representation of a knowledge space can help understand the scientific mobility of researchers.	5
The invention disclosures used in our experiment were modified from actual university invention disclosures submitted at a Carnegie I research university in the United States.	2
Results: JIF rose steadily around 10% annually in ophthalmic journals, and likewise for major medical and surgical journals.	4
Analyzing the results concerning the impact of the different forms of propensity to collaborate on research productivity, we note that only the propensities to collaborate at the intra-university (CI) and domestic (CED) levels have a positive and significant impact on research productivity, while the propensity to collaborate at international level (CEF) has a negative, but not significant, impact on research productivity.	4
The authors then selected ten articles from each of the created lists and searched for them in GS.	3
Objective: The aim of this study is to describe in depth the concerns about acquiring credit for data sharing within epidemiological research.	1
A significantly high proportion of researchers stationed in Nepal reported an unfavourable research environment compared to their foreign counterparts.	4
To quantify the degree of similarity between solutions, we used an information theoretic measure that is commonly used in computer science to compare clusterings, namely Normalized Mutual Information (NMI).	3
The ADS understands that and lists "normalized citation counts," i.e., the total citation numbers divided by the numbers of authors.	3
The objective of the present study was to design a graphical interface for SJ&CR based on the relationships connecting scientific journals, so that use of an overlay method would permit the academic production of different geographic and thematic domains to be represented on the overall base map.	1
Research method we adopted was archival data analysis using all AJTI articles and issues published over the last 10 years from 2004 to 2013.	2
The Microsoft Academic Graph (MAG) data [57] contains metadata for 118,693,328 scholarly publications from 102,444,355 authors, including 275,049,539 URLs where the papers or their metadata have been published.	2
We found articles published between 1953 and 2012.	2
Empirically, we analyse the process of integration in the ERA1 by using bibliometric methods to assess geograph- ical shifts in the knowledge bases of Finnish research in the period 1995–2010.	3
This cannot be a very clean distinction, though the difference in average citation rates between the two categories indicates that there is something to it.	0
This study presents a model and methodology that can be used to characterize emergent topics within the broad context of all of science.	1
Very few universities operate across state lines, much less national boundaries.	0
A citation analysis to four major chemical databases was undertaken to examine resource coverage and impact in the scientific literature.	3
The paper is devoted to examining the support available for research and researchers and exploring the concept of open access to research articles by scholars in Nigerian institutions.	1
Institutions greater than or equal to Degree centralities ≥ 2 as listed in Table 2 above	0
1 This 10% of researchers with a PhD are considered to be those more engaged in research.	0
These search results include the research articles (321), conference papers (9), and review articles (42).	2
1 We are aware that Sharplin and Mabry (1985) used the term "article impact' in reference to mean citations received per article published annually, but they were using neither ISI data nor the ISI formula for calculating impact factor.	0
Using a detailed merged dataset of United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) patents data and Treasury administrative tax data, we use the premature deaths of 4,714 inventors, defined as deaths that occur before or at the age of 60, as a source of exogenous variation in collaborative networks.	3
This research categorizes social actors with the content analysis of Twitter users' profiles, categorizing them by profile type, occupation, field of activity, organizational link and the country of the user's account.	3
The weights of each indicator were determined with the help of ANP and Delphi expert scoring.	3
Categorical variables were compared using the two-sided Fisher's exact test and continuous variables were compared by means of the two-tailed t-test.	3
According to aggregating the results of review; based on the report of the Institute for Research and Planning of Higher Education in Iran, in 2021; from 3,173,779 universities students', 49.2% were female.	4
It can be observed that the journal literature is moving towards more method-driven articles resembling the conference paper literature in terms of collaboration and becomes increasingly distinct from the more issue-driven studies that are produced for international and financial institutions.	5
Fourthly, a broad field classification was created based on the subject categories of journals in the WoS, using the example by Boshoff (2010).	3
The authors declare that there are no ethical issues or conflicts of interest in this research.	0
These exclusion processes resulted in a final sample of 17,702 co-authored articles, with 32,880 authors (= nodes) and 63,236 links between these authors (=edges), each representing a pair of authors, whereas each pair of authors can be linked by several edges, leading to a weighted network of co-authorship collaborations.	2
The script is operationalised to group all the rows with the same author name and then sort the publication activity by the publication year in ascending order.	3
In addition to this practical importance, the contribution of this study has theoretical significance in that our inductively-derived typology assists in improving the sense-making of our empirical findings by considering the subjective viewpoints of the embedded participants within the context where (their) reality is situated.	5
The data presented here are for synchronous self-citations and are intended only to illustrate the relative abundances of the species.	0
This medical core contains a significant amount of research that examined symptoms and strategies for transmission mitigation.	0
This essay identifies and discusses these factors in a systematic fashion, concluding with a new definition of text recycling that takes these factors into account.	1
Book citations have declined, and Internet and government document references have increased.	5
The final study sample includes 138 distinct bibliometric studies, of which 102 (74%) evaluate research organizations and 36 (26%) evaluate funding instruments.	2
The organization of the rest of this paper is as follows.	0
Based on two leading international databases, Scopus and WoS, this study provides an overall picture of the development of creativity studies in Spain and the current status of research in the fields of social sciences and psychology.	5
what good is copyright if you do not need to control copying?	0
A logistic regression was used for the Agenda-type (Trailblazer) variable, all others represent OLS regressions	0
The following sections describe the characteristics of the three types of interorganizational competition to illustrate the position of the analytical method used in this study.	0
Thus, the freedom of expression and trust in society might contribute to better scholarly communication systems, higher level of international collaborations, and further quality research.	5
citations in a way that can impede the growth of knowledge.	0
Risbey is research assistant, Department of Educational Policy and Administration, University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, Minnesota.	0
Among Gulf Cooperation Council countries, Saudi Arabia was the most productive country producing adequate number of research publications, citations and holding the highest Hirsch index value.	5
In this paper, we explore the accounts of senior academics and user-assessors, populating disciplinary sub-panels spanning the humanities and social sciences, convened to judge and 'score' the impact claims of researchers from UK universities as a new component of research evaluation within the specific context of the UK's performance-based research funding system (PBRFS), the Research Excellence Framework (REF).	1
WoS distinguishes between Author Keywords and KeyWords Plus.	2
I would like to thank Charles Schlauch for providing the 43 ratings that were used to calculate inter-rater reliability for the subject matter variable in this study.	0
Therefore, we focus on papers within the realm of social sciences as the fundamental units of analysis, investigating the promoting effect of disruptive innovation on the societal visibility of scientific research in comparison to consolidative innovation.	1
In other words, a complementarity between authors’ and readers’ routines can be found in both disciplines.	5
Using R code, the tweet text was scraped from Twitter.com by processing the URLs against all 6,482,260 tweets.	2
It provides new insights into factors related to whether a paper is likely to involve multiple authors and whether co-authors are likely to come from different institutes.	1
Figure 2 shows that the scaling exponent a equals 2.9533 at the macro-country, 1.5222 at the meso-institution, and 1.2353 at the micro-author levels.	4
We thank the reviewers for their helpful suggestions to improve the article.	0
Thus, a set of strictly comparable data from all FASEB Member Societies is not available.	0
The study employed bibliometrics methods to analyse the scattering of 596 journals cited in legal master's theses and doctoral dissertations in three South African law schools from 2014 to 2018.	1
In February 2015, we used the Social Sciences Citation Index to retrieve a total of 3813 papers published in 2014 in the category “Information Science & Library Sciences”.	2
Readers interested in more detail on the intervention codes are encouraged to refer to the previous publication,4 which contains a more thorough description and expanded definitions.	0
Data was collected from three sources: (1) employment data at 27 Swedish Higher Education Institutions (HEI); (2) SwePub, the national repository for academic publications in Sweden; and (3) a web survey that was distributed in the beginning of June 2021 to all doctoral students employed at the 27 HEIs in Sweden during February and Mars 2021.	2
Research on the academic review process is an important endeavor, as it may help improve the process and the productivity of scholars.	5
The study found a significant difference in cluster outcomes between the 2 scenarios with and without self-connections, with a 53.8% overlap (14 out of the top 20 countries in ACs).	4
The highlighted cells show the greatest deviations between the corresponding values in Table 4 and Table 5 (either that the expected frequencies are higher than the observed or the other way round).	0
Co-funded grants were found in 214 articles (20.5%).	4
This paper attempts to explain why international diversity of authorship is important and beneficial for research, supported by findings on the status and benefits of international diversity in the three leading advertising journals.	1
The criteria for the selection were that the journal had to be in existence for at least three years and accessible in a manner that counting citations was possible.	0
For each topic, the Top2Vec model generates the top 10 descriptive keywords, which are ranked based on cosine similarity-based semantic similarity to the topic (Appendix A.2).	0
Two articles were detected by all three methods and two others were detected by M2a and M2b, whereas three articles were detected alone by M2a, the least restrictive.	4
In total, we conduct 54 semi-structured interviews with accounting faculty and research students from Iran, India, and selected developed countries.	2
We used the UMass Amherst's Machine Learning for Language Toolkit (MALLET) (McCallum 2002) in version 2.0.8 to carry out the estimation.	3
The primary motivation behind this study was related to the problem of evaluating research excellence, particularly in the context of “hot” and popular topics.	5
Most of the results demonstrate explicitly that the level of economic development has little effect on WUR.	4
The individual mandate conditions were then tested using a combination of t-tests and one-way ANOVAs, with and without permutation testing.	3
In total, respondents cumulatively obtained $776 M in post-NREF award grant funding, with the most common sources of funding including the National Institutes of Health ($327 M) and foundational awards ($306 M).	4
We do this through in-depth interviews (n=60) with scientists who work on the development or application of artificial intelligence (AI), broadly defined.	1
This scientometrics study was performed based on the systematic analysis through three international databases; ISI, PubMed, and Scopus from 1990 to 2012.	2
Thus, our study complements previous efforts in understanding the potential health benefits of awards (e.g., Rablen & Oswald, 2008) by exploring in more detail the conferral timing.	5
One problem, then, with testing the Salant hypothesis is that we need an independent definition of what constitutes a good writer.	0
The notions of “information communication mechanism” and “resource acquisition mechanism” are introduced to explain how network composition affects scientific performance.	5
Critics claim this move would open the ‘open’ room for biases against several marginalized groups of scientists.	1
Esto nos lleva a preguntas de investigación más concretas como son: ?Cómo evoluciona la revista desde que viene estando recogida en las bases de datos internacionales?	1
Results suggest that the potentially negative effects of receiving forward citations that diffused internally-developed knowledge through users' subsequent inventions is sometimes offset by potential increases in the reputational effects enjoyed by competitors that persistently produce blockbuster patents (as well as by inventions that prove to be highly basic or “gateway" in their impact upon subsequent technology streams).	4
The results show that ECRs have greater beliefs that a good journal is responsive to author queries (Mean difference=0.30; p=0.021<0.05) and has simple submission procedures (Mean difference=0.36; p=0.028<0.05).	4
More importantly, it found a high incidence of foreign organisations that had been part of the mobile scientists' PhD and post-PhD professional trajectory in their core knowledge networks.	5
To supplement survey responses and obtain as much information as possible, we requested curricula vitae from all 340 program participants for corroborative information about career progression, grant support, and publications.	3
In summary, the entire Brazilian coauthorship network shows an interdisciplinary nature, comprising a growing number of researchers.	5
Are high-impact collaborations similarly constrained by distance in the same manner as for collaborations of lower impact?	1
The result suggests that the topic distribution of the cover papers is equal, cover papers normally distribute in the research topic in the material science discipline.	4
During the period 2003–2011 Scopus recorded 211,601 documents in Public Health worldwide.	4
First authors made the broadest range of different contributions (average, 3.77), followed by last authors (3.03) and middle authors (ranging from 2.50 to 1.80).	4
Our main conclusions for hypothesis 2 are (a) that there are gender based performance differences in the early career and that males have a higher probability of attaining relative excellence than females, and (b) that this difference is partly explained by performance differences during the doctoral education.	5
This makes comparison and benchmarking of laboratories difficult unless some form of field-normalization is implemented.	3
The rows are labeled numerically with 1 being the first row.	0
Satisfaction with gender and racial representation in learned societies is falling.	4
As I was doing this, I realized the importance of good and meaningful titles that preview the article for the reader.	0
Using HistCite, we analyzed the 100 top-LCS articles (see supplementary online Appendix), constructed the historiography of DM, and summarized the informetric indicators.	3
Those residing in India were found to list more honorary authors.	4
Thus, for each group we scaled the hjif-index by calculating the Max(JIF)/hjif-index quotient, which represents the relative value of the hjif-index within the context of the group.	3
The research question that guided this article was the following: What is the conceptual structure of studies on emerging organisations?	1
This affected its Impact Factor and Hirsch Index.	5
This study aims to explore the core knowledge of interdisciplinary research by identifying high-value articles.	1
We also critically evaluated the journal peer review process of TI by comparing citation counts of manuscripts which were published by Tl</PUBLICATION> with citation counts of submitted manuscripts which were rejected but later published elsewhere.	1
Your use of the JSTOR archive indicates your acceptance of the Terms & Conditions of Use, available at http://www.jstor.org/page/info/about/policies/terms.jsp	0
The total is more than 100% as some journals are classified in more than one category.	0
Durante el periodo 2007-2017, 87 instituciones mexicanas publicaron 146 933 artículos indexados en la WoS.	2
In Top-25 programs, the research productivity of the advisor does not predict publication rates unless the advisor co-authors with the student.	5
RQ2: In which academic fields does Microsoft Academic find more citations than Mendeley readers (a) overall and (b) for recently-published articles?	1
(research question 1a); and Is international mobility that involves a job change dependent on researchers' career stage?	1
We used purposive sampling to reach participants at different stages of their scientific careers.	3
Finally, a total of 11 482 articles were included in the study.	2
The tool combines classic statistical word frequency methods, the so-called bag-of-words, with state-of-the-art masked language models [13–15].	3
Our results show that there are mainly two groups relating to service innovation.	4
In this study, we propose a novel approach that employs new features along with previously well-known features to map sections-headings to IMRAD.	1
By using data on the scientific production of around 2,500 scholars of the university of Rome ‘La Sapienza’ from the Web of Science from 2004 to 2008, we (i) demonstrate the existence of a master curve, (ii) determine the scaling factors that work like rates of substitution to compare the scientific production across different academic fields on a common ground, (iii) show that the master bibliometric distribution follows a log-normal law and (iv) illustrate the relevance of the proposed approach for research assessment and allocation of competitive funding at the university level.	4
After three of these cycles and various iterations of step 3, we obtained a final database of 497 references in Endnote and 419 references (after eliminating those without a title or abstract) in RefViz.	2
This shift in team size raises the question of whether and how the character of the science and technology produced by large teams differs from that of small teams.	1
Subst Use Misuse Downloaded from informahealthcare.com by UB Kiel on 11/09/14	0
Salton index has been used to draw network and understand the relationship between keywords.	3
The distribution shows a steep descent in the first few ranks and becomes gentle as the ranks further increase.	0
A systematic review of the Science Citation Index Expanded was performed for articles related to cartilage surgery published in the 66 journals under the category "Orthopedics."	3
Despite differences between the different scientific disciplines, this reflects the expectation on most research fields.	0
Using these MeSH defined subheadings, a search strategy for the Web of Science (WoS) database was devised.	3
Figure 1 Weighted number of articles, percentage share of total and total appearance by Australian and New Zealand Higher Education Institutions.	0
To sum it up, there are three possible outcomes of the review process— REPORT, NO RESPONSE or REJECTION.	0
While the quality of scientific products typically plays a significant role in scholars' choices, other factors also exert influence.	5
The citation analysis focuses on the number of citations to reveal the impact of articles, authors, journals and countries.	3
Of course, in actual practice there is not a clear distinction between eligibles and noneligibles, and the numbers certainly vary according to subspecialties.	0
We explored community detection in our network using the edge betweenness (Newman-Girvan) and propagating label methods.	3
Figure 3 shows that the highest extent of co-authorship between Azizi and Mirmiran having 70 co-authorship and after that it is between Azizi and Hadaegh having 64 co-authorship.	4
Once the articles were selected, we searched for them in four major citation databases—GS, MA, Scopus, and WoS—and then recorded the number of citations listed for each.	3
The following data were collected for all individuals listed: discipline, university location, academic degree, name, gender, the presence of a CV, a list of publications, and a listing of research projects.	2
The study was performed between June and August 2016, following local ethics committee approval.	2
Conversely, using social network analysis we find no evidence that citations accumulate because discussants diffuse information about the paper.	3
Ethical approval All applicable institutional and/or national guidelines for the care and use of animals were followed.	0
Studies of this kind are error prone and must be conducted with care.	0
Manjula Wijewickrema is a senior assistant librarian in the Main Library at the Sabaragamuwa University of Sri Lanka in Belihuloya, Sri Lanka; he may be reached by e-mail at: manju@lib.	0
The dataset that forms the empirical basis for this paper comprises of bibliometric data related to 55,971 publications on biosensors.	2
We used the search terms: “Eurasia Journal of Mathematics, Science and Technology Education" in the Publication Name in WoS online database (developed by Clarivate Analytics) to search our research data on 1 August 2017.	2
Table 12 displays the results for the weighted impact factor analysis.	0
The GCC countries had the lowest vascular surgery research output compared with Turkey, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Japan when standardized by the population.	4
With 24 years of publication history, IREF has evolved over time.	5
Keywords Co-citation analysis · Research leadership · National leadership · Paradigms · Accuracy · Map of science · Science map · Competencies	0
We are very grateful to Bruna Bruno, Patrick Gaule, David Laband, and the participants at the Queensland Behavioral Economics Group and the 4th SOLE/EALE World Conference for their helpful comments.	0
Two measures have been found to be central in the study of research networks: betweenness centrality and effective network (Newman, 2001).	3
Received 8 May 2018; Received in revised form 11 July 2019; Accepted 16 July 2019	0
And Polak's two-volume The Image of the Future is a prolonged case for the impact of ideology-in its broadest sense-upon forecasting [20].	0
To identify the landmark papers, investigators used an advanced indicator of the software called N_TOP10.	3
This study examines factors that are related to the citation-based performance of academic journals in the digital age.	1
the largest publisher is the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic (72 titles), followed by Charles University (43 titles)	0
The objective of this paper is to develop an explicit and replicable bibliometric definition that can distinguish active next generation nanotechnologies.	1
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
The bibliometric analysis carried out has enabled to assess tourism, leisure and hospitality research, as has been done in other works on different disciplines ([5, 55]).	5
Additionally, articles in non-indexed journals were more likely to be published by scientists from developing nations.	4
The indexes could in theory be very different, but in practice economists who have a few extremely highly cited papers tend to also have a number of fairly highly cited papers, and vice versa.	0
For the analysis of robustness the original ranking orders are restored by interchanges of neighbouring ranks.	3
The results provide empirical evidence that it is feasible to use a compact external memory representation for webgraphs in real applications, contradicting the previous assumptions made by several researchers.	5
According to the data, trade journals such as ECONTENT, LIBR J, SCIENTIST, and ONLINE appeal to small numbers of average and highly productive authors, who publish in them exclusively and treat them as core publication targets.	5
In the present study, the importance and impact of porcine pathogens using the H-index were calculated, compared and analysed.	1
Total number of journals=86, Average number of articles=36.22, Average number of articles, excluding the last Bradford zone=36.62	0
Third, given that Freeman et al. was published in 2014, what was the percentage of supported and unsupported assertions across time?	1
M. Cullars (Cullars, 1985, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1992,1996,1998).	3
We use a merged dataset of United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) patents data and Treasury administrative tax files as in Bell et al. (2016).	2
Finally, different collaboration indicators such as relative intensity of collaboration (RIC), boost in productivity and citations were calculated for the G-20 countries.	3
ICMJE guideline dissemination did not have an impact on this rise in authorship frequency.	4
The results show that in the past 36 years, China’s green railway research has experienced four main stages: the emerging stage (1985–1997), the horizontal expansion stage (1998–2010), the vertical deepening stage (2010–2015), and integrated expansion stage (2016–present).	4
This investigation analyzes the influence of scientific productivity and social activity in the area of communication.	1
Using the publicly available NIH EXPORTER database (National Institutes of Health, 2013), the award amounts were totaled across all years from 1992 to 2012 and divided by the number of articles linked to the specific grant number in PubMed, thus obtaining an approximate grant cost per article.	2
The bibliometric technique offers a quantitative perspective which provides a better understanding of the characteristics associated with river water quality research.	5
Female scholar are cited as if they were male more than ten times more often than the opposite happens, probably revealing that citers are influenced by the gender-science stereotype.	4
We use 28.5 million articles and review publications indexed in Elsevier's Scopus between 1996 and 2021.	2
Second, the academic mobility of NLs, and especially their international mobility, has significantly declined over the past century, which contrasts with other observations that scientists tend to be more mobile as globalisation advances.	4
At a second stage within the context of the data collection, certain variables relevant to the researchers' profile were retrieved from Scopus database for analysis purposes.	2
Impact factor (IF) was used as an indicator of publication repercussion.	3
Finally, metaknowledge works efficiently with very large datasets.	4
Qualitative data were analysed with the assistance of MAXQDA.	3
Articles from each journal published in 2007 were selected according to different standards to study the relationship of OA and citation.	1
According to the Q-model, the impact Si,α of a work α created by an individual i can be decomposed as the product of two independent factors Si,α = Qipi,α, where Qi is an individual variable, depending only on the career history of individual i (and is robust throughout creative careers, as shown in SI Section S2.5), and pi,α is a stochastic variable, independently drawn for every work from a field-specific distribution.	3
Overall, it is clear that participation in peer review is uneven and in some cases near capacity, and more needs to be done to create new motivations and incentives to increase the future pool of reviewers.	5
Impact factor for the 14 journals was recorded based on the January 2015 publicly reported journal impact factor in WoS Journal Citation Reports.	2
Most collaboration is done with USA, Germany, United Kingdom, Canada, and Brazil and the largest numbers of articles are published by the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute, the University of Panama, the Gorgas Institute, the Children's Hospital, the Institute of Scientific Research and Advanced Technology Services, the Technological University of Panama, the Ministry of Health, and the University of Chiriquí.	4
Lexical choices were analysed through frequency tables, phrase nets and word trees produced by data visualisation software (ManyEyes).	3
At this point, we have the necessary data for the experiment.	0
In the early stages, USA is the leading country of TFS, while China has become more and more influential and productive in this journal.	5
Thus, social media users are showed to be intermediaries making visible and assessing evidence of social impact.	5
survey; bearing in mind, of course, that the aforementioned had a significantly higher response rate.	4
The Physics, Medicine, and Chemistry fields have different DI variation tendencies for the NPs and BPs.	4
We performed a X2 test between the two groups, and got a p-value of 0.953 forcing us to fail to confirm H2, which stated that a higher number of network visualization users will be able to classify their visualization as a network than the number of hexmap users that will be able to classify their visualization as a map.	4
General statistics on publications for seven authors (A1 to A7) as extracted from Google Scholar.	0
This supports the case for consideration of risk levels and to favor high-risk/high-return projects over the traditional selection of projects based on average score (projects selected: 1–4).	4
To read or post commentaries in response to this article, see it online at http://www.annfammed.org/cgi/content/full/5/2/143.	0
For each PI, we calculated the age at the time of grant, Ag, and the time from obtaining the PhD.	3
Only papers of document type Article and Review are considered.	2
Having observed general trends in the semantic structure of the data and matching them with our findings on funding competition in the DFG, we decided to approach the texts via qualitative content analysis (Miles and Huberman 1994).	3
We calculate database-specific h-indices for all authors in the sample.	3
The researcher then conducted semi-structured interviews via Zoom with the participants who agreed to take part in the project.	3
The study makes detail analysis of four OA periodical published from India, Iran, Pakistan and Taiwan.	1
The study results of productive authors using HIRD did not support the view that higher citation metrics exist in specific disciplines.	5
Meanwhile, including at least one colon in the title may increase publication metrics.	4
Basic statistics on scientific productivity and impact are collected from the SciVal platform (www.scival.com), a new API filtering data from Scopus (www.scopus.com) which allows downloading a variety of metrics aggregated at the level of nation, scientific sector and year.	2
Bibliometric information, including the authors' names and their affiliations, were inserted into an Excel spreadsheet manually to eliminate possible spelling errors in the SSCI database.	2
2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7 because the average age of articles in the PubMed Open Access collection differs between fields.	0
In this setting, I find that, on net, the quality of funding grants improves when more potentially biased experts are included in the review process.	5
Serials are clearly the single most heavily used resource in the preparation of DNP dissertations (just under 70% of the total citations in the study were for serials), and the study shows that these serials must be relatively current (almost 30% of references for serials were from the last three years, and 83% were from the last ten years) and peer-reviewed (52 of the 53 most heavily weighted serials were refereed).	5
Pediatric surgeons were queried in the NIH report database to determine NIH funding awarded.	3
Parent-child relationships, related connections among the categories, and related connections among the subcategories in the subject directory were optimized using social network analysis.	1
The results of the analyses of country/region, institution, and author identified the USA, Stanford University, and Ida Sim as the most influential ones in terms of H-index in the NLP-enhanced clinical trial research.	5
Supplementary data to this article can be found online at https://doi.	0
We construct topics using community detection in a citation network and use a two-part regression model to study the association between topic growth and citation counts in eight broad disciplines.	3
Then using the "analyze" function of WoS, we analyzed the number of publications for each country, author, categories, languages, journals, publication years, and the types of the documentations.	3
To assess the influence of this data-driven research paradigm on the LIS discipline, this study conducts a fine-grained analysis to uncover the evolutionary trends of research methods within the domain.	1
The topic modeling result identified prevailing data mining related research topics in LIS, such as machine learning, deep learning, big data and among others.	4
Last, using the properties of >3.29 million papers published between 1950 and 2009, we discovered positive correlations among the papers' citation numbers after 5 years and the following features: (i) title lengths (rs = 0.1), (ii) number of authors (rs = 0.22), (iii) abstract lengths (rs = 0.26), (iv) number of keywords (rs = 0.15), (v) number of references (rs = 0.48), (vi) paper lengths (rs = 0.13), and (vii) use of question or exclamation marks in the title (rs = 0.022) (see Fig.	3
Data were extracted and analyzed using Microsoft Excel (Microsoft Corporation, Redmond, Washington).	0
Between July and August 2017, we collected and extracted data from the Lattes Platform, which contains the curriculum vitae of 737,919 researchers, of which 271,370 are PhDs and 466,549 Master's.	2
A summary of different factors, other than the journal's quality, that affect the IF can be seen in Table 1.	0
Each part is further subdivided to provide data on domains, object dominance, and size characteristics.	0
This survey-based project aimed to determine whether the RANZCR Faculty of Radiation Oncology (FRO) is realizing value for money from its seed funding, and to compare this with grant activities of the other colleges.	1
More concerning results of our analyses are the side findings that all indicators record declining trends in the 2007–2016 period.	5
We found significant positive association between total number of authors and number of guest authors, which may show that the more the number of authors, the more authorship misuse might occur.	5
The implementation process of MPA can be divided into three steps, namely traversal count, citation preference and path finding.	3
The average citation of review papers (AC-R) was compared to the average citations received by all document types (AC) and average citations received by original research articles (AC-A) through the ratio AC-R/AC and AC-R/AC-A, respectively (see Fig.	3
We obtained our data set by using a topic search for publications between 1995 and 2012 on the topic of "terrorism" in the Web of Science (WoS), which is a widely used source for scientometric and bibliometric studies.	2
This supports the hypothesis based on the mechanism of psychological ownership and refutes the crowding out hypothesis.	5
Scopus was the database of choice for this study due to the multidisciplinary nature of this analysis.	2
If book reviews in WoS can be considered a surrogate for recognition within the relevant research community, then their existence could be introduced as a corresponding criterion for selection of books for inclusion in BKCI.	5
Due to a lack of control group, existing data from 2004 to 2008 were leveraged to infer causality of the ESI policy effects on the probability of funding applications from 2011 to 2015.	3
Of the 531 PSPB articles coded for first author gender, women were first authors on 236 articles (44%) and this was significantly below the expected frequency of equal distribution, χ2(1, N = 531) = 6.56, p = .010.	4
The final sample size used for this study was 127 academic institutions in the United States (42% public (n=53), 27% private (n=34), 6% Ivy League (n=7; one was also a land-grant university), 27% land-grant (n=34)).	2
*Hongshen Pang and Jos Winnink contributions are equal to the contribution of the first author	0
Thematic evolution of the journal’s themes reveals that it has expanded its scope to include topics such as internal auditing, internal control and corporate governance, whilst co-authorship analysis reveals that the journal’s collaboration network has grown to span the globe.	4
The Researcher “B” received over 140 citations in less than five months from 07 October 2013 to 25 February 2013.	4
The findings reveal that more and more talents are entering into the field of AI, which may directly stimulate the drastic growth in the number of AI innovations (e.g., AI papers).	5
In order to perform our SNA analysis we used the ORA software tool (Carley et al., 2012).	3
Team contribution to local knowledge is measured based on whether the team works on issues involving the word “Colombi*”5 as a proxy for research orientation appearing either on the title of their R&D projects, on the title of the products, on the abstracts or on the keywords of their scientific outputs.	3
A significant proportion of the articles (mean 58%) published by this group are published gold open access, consistent with the push in Korea towards international impact for their research.	4
The relative productivity was defined as the ratio of the number of articles with Greek affiliation to the global production annually.	3
La palabra clave cuyos trabajos tienen un mayor promedio de impacto normalizado es Scientometrics, con un impacto normalizado superior a 13.	4
To test this assumption, we first need a measure of quality.	3
Is it possible to quantify the scientific performance and draw an exact borderline between 'good' and 'outstanding' science?	1
The data that were used in the study are open-access texts of journal articles.	0
As a typical method of social system simulation, Monte Carlo method is very suitable for modeling such issues.	3
PPC was analysed from six different perspectives to provide reliable and in-depth information about the journal's performance and development.	1
This search yielded a total of 59,876 academic refereed journal titles out of 104,410 unique titles in the entire directory.	2
This is a misnomer, since this term is (or should be) reserved for research articles.	5
In this article, the first science mapping analysis of the whole social work research field is presented over time.	1
The analysis was conducted on two parallel tracks, both based on thematic analysis (Braun and Clarke, 2006).	3
In a first step, we compare the topics of the different papers based on the Journal of Economic Literature (JEL) codes.	3
Then, I collected all the patent publications cited in the documents' search reports.	2
The relatedness network is constructed from the disciplinary proximity matrix derived from aggregating data across all years (from 1973 to 2017).	3
The graphic was plotted using the ggplot2 package in R, and post-processed in Adobe Illustrator	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
It shows a notable process of brain gain by the end of this period and, above all, it provides a dynamic approach to the cumulative process of building knowledge-based societies.	4
We found that the hjif2- and hjif5-index behaved in a similar way, and that in general their distribution showed a peak followed by a relatively long tail.	4
We used ISI web of science (http://www.isiknowledge.com) as our database to carry out our analysis in March 2014.	2
For reasons of statistical reliability only 4271 authors (7.2%) with at least 20 publications between 1991 and 2010 were taken into consideration.	2
The results show significant differences between fields and document types.	4
We find that 45.59% of papers deviate from at least one of the two conventions, whereby 15.94% deviate in that first authors have a lower count of contributions than last authors, and 30.32% deviate in that last authors have a lower contribution count than at least one middle author.	4
A set of journals was compiled from the Web of Science database (SCI-Expanded, SSCI and AHCI).	2
The rest of this paper is divided into five parts.	3
Finally, we note that we only take into account whether a term occurs in a publication or not.	0
Names of residents during the 2010 academic year (n=607) were collected from the Association of Residents in Radiation Oncology 2010 Directory.	2
Nevertheless, it remains unclear how motivational drivers influence effort and performance in engaging with four distinct stakeholder domains: academic, civil society, state-governmental, and economic.	1
In this article we put forward the reasons of different WoS h-indices from two perspectives, which are often neglected by bibliometric studies.	1
We conclude that the G8-normalization procedure dominates the G6-normalization procedure according to the double test in the numerical approach.	4
In this paper, we proposed a dynamic co-word network analysis to identify emerging topics.	5
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 48 times since 2006*	0
We would like to thank the other members of the EUMIDA core team, namely Tasso Brandt, Daniela De Filippo, Andreas Niederl, Ulrich Schmoch, Stig Slipersaeter' as well as the national experts who contributed to the data collection.	0
For each article, we searched the RePEc website whether it is available as a working paper or not.	2
In further consequence, the current results provide additional up-to-date evidence for why assessing scientific quality or performance of individual authors or institutions by the JIF must be considered an inappropriate and mostly meaningless (mis-)use of this metric (Casadevall and Fang 2014; Garfield 1996; McKiernan et al.	5
An attempt is made to identify research trends through co-occurrence analysis, keyword frequency analysis and burst detection method.	3
Despite the fact that correlations between citations to a book and the number of corresponding book reviews differ from research area to research area and are overall weak or non-existent, this study confirms that books with book reviews do not remain uncited and accrue a remarkable mean number of citations.	4
Hence, here, we use RNN with LSTM units to build an end-to-end prediction model, where the LSTM unit is composed of a cell, an input gate, an output gate, and a forget gate.	3
The study focuses on papers published in 2017 by Spain-based researchers collected in the WoS Core Collection (SCIE, SSCI and AHCI).	2
In mathematics, virtually all published articles are post-publication reviewed by mathematicians in Mathematical Reviews (MathSciNet) and so the data set was essentially the Web of Science mathematics publications from 1993 to 2004.	2
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
This is a list composed by us on the basis of the results of many CWTS studies with NPs from scientific publications; it can be requested for research purposes from the first author of this publication.	0
The WoS database registers K&C publications more fully than any other resource.	4
For this purpose, we use Spearman's p and Kendall's t rank-correlation coefficients.	3
It focuses on the depositions of senior academic managers across a range of social science research centres, as they critically reflect upon their organizational strategy for capturing and communicating the socio-economic impact of their research.	1
The Office for Research and Sponsored Programs (ORSP) at UAMS uses an in-house developed software system to track detailed information of research grants such as the requested budget amount, the budget start/ end date, the funding agencies, as well as all the investigators and their roles on each grant.	2
We use a comprehensive data set of the peer review process for all papers submitted to the journal Functional Ecology from January 2004 to June 2014 to examine how gender, seniority and geographic location of editors and reviewers influence reviewer recruitment and scores given to papers by reviewers.	1
This paper uses “author keywords” summarized by authors and "keywords plus” provided in WOS to analyze the co-occurrence keywords in the papers.	3
While in Western European countries studied, research productivity increases hugely with age, in Poland there is only a very limited increase of productivity between younger and older generations.	5
This study investigates the research performance of the Iraqi public and private universities using the Scopus citation database.	1
The total scientific output for each institution (only those entities with valid URLs for link analysis) was retrieved from Scopus.	2
This article measures knowledge flows among institutions and countries by analysing publication and citation data.	1
A timeframe of approximately 1 month was selected for feasibility purposes.	0
The main topics covered by trusted online publications are medicine (36.9% of publications), biochemistry, genetics and molecular biology (17.0%), and mathematics (10.3%).	4
Lead authorship in ecology is well defined while secondary authorship is more ambiguous.	5
Next, we used the K–S test to confirm the goodness of fit of the obtained cumulative distribution function of the GPD.	3
Future research should include quantitative analysis of multiple foundations and their funding requirement and consider the range of outcomes for researchers and the conduct of research.	5
Moreover, we found that about 65% of paper-to-patent citations were co-mentioned, and about 35% were solely-mentioned.	4
We use 14 novel features (including context-based, cue words-based and text-based) to train a Support Vector Machine (SVM) and Random Forest classifier on an annotated dataset of 20,527 publications downloaded from the Association for Computational Linguistics anthology (http://allenai.org/data.html).	2
This paper aims to investigate the perceptions of early-career researchers (ECRs) and mid-career researchers (MCRs) on the factors and attributes that make a good scholarly journal.	1
Among these we can observe the complete absence of SDSs in Mathematics and the conspicuous presence of SDSs of Chemistry (64 %), Biology (42 %), Physics (38 %), Industrial and information engineering (33 %), and Medicine (30 %).	4
The paper is structured as follows: in "Results and discussion" Section, a literature review is carried out to identify the conceptual framework within which the study is developed; in "Conclusions" Section, the methods and variables used are presented; in "Results and discussion" section, the results of the empirical analysis are analysed, and the applicable paradigm is discussed; and, finally, the conclusions, contribution and limitations of the study are summarized in "Conclusions” section.	0
I show that the social stratification of academic science can arise as a result of academics' preference for reading work of high epistemic value.	1
For our empirical analysis we use data for six conference series in different fields of science.	2
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
The work is made available under the Creative Commons CCO public domain dedication.	0
The IWCV data includes national-level scores for two cultural dimensions of 1) traditional versus secular-rational values and (2) survival versus self-expression values.	2
Also, we noticed that the articles that used the BC/B.C.	4
To ensure accuracy, articles were matched based on PubMed IDs, ignoring articles in AHFS DI Essentials and Scopus without PubMed IDs.	3
The most published topics included operative skills training, surgical simulation, and professionalism/career development.	4
Researchers should comply with the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors' criteria for authorship.	5
The method had an accuracy of over 90% based on manual checks of a sample of 2,600 results from the initial Bing searches.	4
This study empirically investigated the relationships between LIS and DM based on text mining.	5
(2) in which journal editors compete for reviewers due to their evaluation skills and, in the absence of incentives, the reviewer can shirk away from expending this effort (i.e., the reviewer participation constraint is not binding).	4
At the same time it is noted that the factors of intellectual capital, connected with the publication activity, international scientific activity and the training of the personnel of the highest qualification influence the result to the greatest extent.	5
The names of the members of the committee are not revealed by the Editor.	0
Third, viewing the “versions” of an article may be useful when publisher access is restricted, as over 70 percent of articles had at least one free full-text version available through an indexed GS version.	4
The resulting investigators were cross-checked with the American College of Surgeons' Find a Surgeon tool and matched with their American College of Surgeons-affiliated profile.	3
This study is the first to propose measuring the recombinant novelty of scientific documents based on the word-embedding technique.	5
Article placement order did not associate with author gender or geographical region but was associated with funding source and research design.	4
efficiency in knowledge production in relation to those features – thus motivating further quantitative and qualitative studies.	1
The findings reveal that scholarly publishing literacy in general, and predatory publishing in particular, currently has low visibility in this part of the world, although there is growing recognition of and increasing concern about the issue.	4
A significant difference in average number of citations received among the five types of articles was confirmed by ANOVA tests with F(4, 1383) = 5.11 and p = 0.000 (in other words, <0.05).	3
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/0033-0337.htm	0
To be considered an under-cited influential article we require an article to meet three requirements.	3
Therefore, the infrastructures themselves may be able to partly remediate policy-related barriers for data sharing.	5
For the present study we only include employees in the sector of higher education for analysis.	2
Research performance and collaboration (domestic, regional, and international) of the region in plant biotechnology are linked to the status of the economic development of each member country.	5
From interpreting the table, we see that “carbon dioxide” has 437 occurrences and the highest total link strength of 6768, underscoring its primary role in supercritical CO2 extraction research.	4
Hundreds of journals have adopted these criteria, but controversies still exist and breaches of authorship guidelines are common.	0
The least prevalent form of research fraud as perceived by participants was data fabrication.	4
A sample of 55 participants for network analysis were selected from this pool using a purposive sampling approach (Teddlie & Yu, 2007), stratified to include four job positions and three disciplinary areas.	2
That is what we aim to test here.	1
West African research appears to be more dependent on inter-regional collaboration than intra-regional collaboration.	5
Focusing on papers which carry the same volume-page double error, or the same page error, the citing-cited relationship between any two of them was identified and author bylines were compared to find common author(s).	3
The main source of data used in this paper is the Directory of Graduate Research of the American Chemical Society.	2
The data used in this paper are obtained from four main sources: MEDLINE, Web of Science, the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ), and the PubMed Central Open Access Subset (PMC-OAS).	2
It examines the gender gap in submissions and explores whether the perceived merit of a research paper is affected by the gender of the authors and reviewers.	1
In this study the author focuses on the structural aspect, rather than content and believes that the former factor contributes to improve journal quality.	1
The resulting historiograph is far too complex to be shown in a figure, but examination of the highly cited patents shows that one patent dominates, i.e.	0
Overall, our finding showed that female scholars were slightly more visible in terms of citations, tweets, and Mendeley readers compared to their male counterparts, despite their lower number in neurosurgery core journals.	5
(2017), this sample is obtained through a stratified random sampling, getting a total of 1045 articles (year 2014) from eight areas: Agriculture, Biology and Environment; Biomedicine; Chemistry; Clinical Medicine; Engineering and Technology; Mathematics; Multidisciplinary; and Physics.	2
The countries that stand out as principal collaborators of Mexican bioinformaticians are the United States of America due to the leadership of this country in the bioinformatics area and its geographical proximity, among other factors discussed in the next sections.	4
The data was sourced from the Web of Science's (WoS) three citation indexes, namely the Science Citation Index (SCI), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) and the Arts & Humanities Citation Index (AHCI).	2
Specifically, this study strives to answer the following two research questions.	1
Estimation is conducted using the Stan program, which implements Hamiltonian Monte Carlo sampling (Stan Development Team 2014).	3
IRO of these 20 scientists are sorted from the best to the worst by the proposed method as shown in Table 12.	4
Each of the sixteen criteria is graded Good (three points), Fair (two points), or Poor (one point) based on specific criteria descriptions.	3
The intellectual production measured in amount of papers indexed in the Web of Science is China's strength, but the results obtained regarding citations per paper do not reflect a relevant level of trust from the scientific community, and countries that invest less in R&D obtain better citation per paper ratios than China.	5
Analyzing a massive dataset of scholarly papers revealed six distinctive citation profiles for papers, ranging from a single peak to multiple peaks to peaks that increase monotonically or decrease over time.	4
(2) AuthorRank can improve publication ranking results, it also proves that the article written by influential authors often deserves a higher ranking in information retrieval.	5
Linxiao Ma was responsible for writing the original draft, review and editing, and literature collection.	0
Inefficiency caused by academic publishing may be substantial.	5
As expected by the hypothesis H1a, the summation of scientific size of two countries can significantly promote their collaboration closeness (p > 0, p < 0.01 for all disciplines).	4
Our analysis, which spans 15 y and 118 scientific disciplines, suggests that a small stratum of elite scientists accrues increasing citation shares and that citation inequality is on the rise across the natural sciences, medical sciences, and agricultural sciences.	1
Considering the results, it can be concluded that female LIS researchers have improved in terms of research productivity and have even surpassed male researchers in acquiring research funds, but they still lag behind in citations, creating low research impact necessary for academic excellence, prestige, and recognition.	5
The main conclusion of this study is that doctoral students with higher conscientiousness (1) co-author more with their supervisors; (2) are more productive during doctoral studies; and (3) that – overall – the observed positive relationship between conscientiousness and productivity/co-authoring with supervisors is similar over research areas.	5
We use the relative number of a mathematician's peers who have a Jewish identity in idea space, in their institution, or among their coauthors as instruments for the supply shocks in idea space, geographical space, and collaboration space, respectively.	3
RQ3: Do highly-cited papers have more funding entities acknowledged than paper with fewer citations?	1
Factual statements were defined as statements that required the support of empirical evidence or assertions derived from such evidence that is provided by the cited source.	3
Even though the first search results differ considerably by service, almost each single WoS title could be located in GS.	4
Discriminant analysis was used to assess the significance of the variables used in the cluster analyses.	0
We are grateful for the contributions of the study coordinator Justin Northrup, MPT, and Daniel Sapeika, MS, MD who performed the content analysis.	0
Finally, we have also identified important scientific families, associating them to their founder, and described their geographical and disciplinary distribution.	5
First, exits and quality transformations both contributed, as expected, to improvements in AQSs on average across universities and disciplines.	4
In addition, we note that the optimal Spearman's rank correlation and robustness can all be achieved by using a combination of the following parameters: α = 10, β = 5, and γ = 2.	4
Co-word analysis is a bibliometric method that measures the relationships between pairs of words that occur together in a body of literature and groups them into meaningful topic areas (Callon et al.	3
To assess each country's relative disciplinary strengths based on keywords, we apply the RSI (RSIk).	3
In the present study we analysed the citation history of the Bounocore landmark paper according to Van Raan`s SPs criteria, and analysed the impact of the Buonocore discovery on the progress of adhesive dentistry.	1
(16), it follows that the logarithm of the maximum possible growth rate is L(f°pt) = 0.087356.	4
The average CPP value for the whole period for female authored papers is 11.68 as compared to 13.26 for male authored papers.	4
This study adopted expository review of literature and descriptive informetrics.	3
How stable are cross-discipline rankings of journals classified into multiple subject categories?	1
Number of citations of Societies Without Borders articles published between 2006 and mid-2017.	0
Second, we asked whether likelihood of having been elected to fellowship is associated with scientific field in a manner consistent with the hierarchy of sciences.	1
Department of Computer Science and Engineering, National Institute of Technology Patna, Bihar, India	0
The target population were established researchers that were active in post-graduate dental education and professors from any of the 100 Brazilian graduate programs in dentistry.	2
COPE guidelines for retraction statements were not met for 32% of articles.	4
The publications analyzed correspond to SCOPUS (Elsevier), one of the largest databases of references of arbitrated international literature, including journals, books, proceedings, and other sources.	2
Drawing on the Dynamics of Cross-disciplinary Research Development as its conceptual framework, this case study explores the processes and experiences of members of an interdisciplinary HPE research team using the following research questions:	1
This is a revised and edited version of the paper presented at the November 2009 annual conference of the American Evaluation Association, Orlando, Florida.	0
Seven peer-reviewed journals associated with Australian nursing and allied health professional bodies were sampled consistently at three-monthly intervals every 5 years from the first year of publication to 2010 for each journal (Table 1).	2
In this paper we study the diversity of users of open access articles on the Finnish Journal.fi platform.	1
We have applied reverse engineering to calibrate the model and constructed the implied distribution of the abilities of authors for different populations of researchers.	5
Data from January 1, 1996 till December 31, 2012 were searched for documents with specific words in diabetes as a “source title" and a list of 13 MEA countries as affiliation country.	2
The total number of articles from the three regions has increased significantly from 2000 to 2009.	4
This article examines the structural patterns of international co-authors and co-institutions in science citation index papers in cancer research.	1
The top 5 countries are very influential because they constitute 58% of all citations received and 52% of all publications published by the top 50.	4
We collected all scientific articles and reviews (both referred to as research articles below) published in 2015 to 2020 that can be attributed to the countries, major publishers and journals selected for the study (see below).	2
Publication counts were sorted by author, country/region, language, institution, research area and journal title.	3
Three sources were used to inform likelihood of human exposure, all of which contained only parent compounds (no metabolites).	2
This study was undertaken with the financial assistance of the Alcohol Advisory Council of New Zealand (ALAC).	0
In this contribution, we deal with seed-based information retrieval in networks of research publications.	1
When we compare research institutions in evaluative bibliometrics we are primarily interested in the differences that are significant in practical terms.	5
In November 2021 I sent a link to an anonymous electronic survey asking about interdisciplinary research collaboration, by email, to every regular academic staff member of Monash University with a public online researcher profile.	2
Eventually, a total of 5750 unique articles were identified as belonging to Ghanaian-affiliated researchers and used in the bibliometric analysis.	2
The number of issues increased from four to six in Volumes 4–14 but returned to the more traditional four since that time.	4
(3) The incorporation of green and digital advancements in technological innovation can substantially cut carbon emissions.	4
The aim of this study is to examine the effects of the papers published in predatory journals on the literature using the citation analysis method.	1
The 2016 ABDC list examined here categorizes 760 journals in the Australian and New Zealand Standard Research Classification FoR classifications of: Statistics, Economic Theory, Applied Economics, Econometrics and Other Economics.	2
The first author collected the number of published scientific articles or books and both published or unpublished conference abstracts from a shared electronic storage folder used by all sub-projects and the common C4H website and sub-projects' University homepages.	2
Not much literature is available on the concept of JPD, which was first used by Basu (2010) to measure the research output of a country published in its local journals.	0
We then applied non-parametric Kruskal-Wallis tests and Mann-Whitney U-tests as post hoc analyses, as our data failed the assumptions of normality and homoscedasticity of variances.	3
Although two fifths (38%) of the consortia largely avoid any kind of alphabetical ordering (on average for their papers), a fifth (22%) are in perfect or close to perfect alphabetical ordering and two fifths (38%) are in partial alphabetical order (over 60% but less than 90% of consecutive different author names being in alphabetical order) (Table 1).	4
Extensive experiments on five subfields’ scholarly papers demonstrate the significant and robust improvement of the accuracy of emerging scientific topic discovery.	4
This study is limited by the ad-hoc selection of Scopus narrow categories and the lack of a formal evaluation for the usefulness of the terms found by the method.	0
When considering the overall research spending per country, Turkey had the most cost-effective publication output.	4
The endorsement of well-written research policies may have little significant value for research misconduct without enforcement and awareness of the importance of research integrity.	5
All interviews were conducted by the lead author (KG) either face-to-face (n=2) or by telephone (n=2) between October 2017 and February 2018 using a topic guide (online supplementary additional file 1) and lasted 25–60 min.	3
The evaluation of ATM, as other topic models, can be conducted from two aspects, topic interpretability and topic coherence.	3
Therefore, to assign a discipline and specialty to each article published in the seven journals analyzed, we used each article's set of cited references, to which we assigned a discipline and specialty based on the journal classification used created for the National Science Foundation (Hamilton, 2003).	3
The findings reveal the dominance of China in the BRICS bloc.	5
The data that support the findings of this study are available on request from the corresponding author.	0
Only three resources, specifically, The Chemical Professional's Code of Conduct, Purdue University's Online Writing Lab (OWL), and the National Academy of Sciences report3 were identified.	4
This paper analyzes disparities in ratings of internal and external applicants to teaching positions using applicant data from Spokane Public Schools.	1
Three countries are seen to be falling short of this ideal: China, Russia and Mexico.	4
Other parts of the paper are organized as follows: "Background" section contains back-ground and related mathematical algebra for the proposed method.	0
Our findings suggest that the prevalence of free-riding is strongly linked to the presence of meso- and macro-level inefficiencies, which either hinder researchers' access to legitimate means for achieving publication success, enable easier access to illegitimate means, or exacerbate power imbalances between co-authors.	5
Secondly, there is variation across diseases in the frequency and direction of spillover publications.	5
This corroborates the famous Lotka’s law (1926), which suggested that the majority of the works in most fields is produced by a small number of authors (see also Runco & Pagnani, 2011; Simonton, 1988).	5
1 Normalised volume of Google search queries worldwide for the term “plagiarism”, with the further trend projection up to September 2016 (www.google.com/trends).	2
VOSviewer version 1.6.16 software tool was used for viewing and creating the desired bibliometric maps (http:// www.vosviewer.com/; Leiden University, Netherlands; van Eck and Waltman, 2010).	3
The next three questions deal with the impact of collaboration and citation indicators.	0
One hundred and twenty-seven academic staff responded to the survey.	2
Delayed OA has a limited effect on the diffusion of scientific knowledge.	5
With regard to burst term detection, CiteSpace adopts the Kleinberg algorithm [1, 6].	3
The scientometric review of thermal tolerance studies from 1970 to 2021 (5243 studies) reveals significant increases in the size of the literature, the frequency of citations, and the hotspots investigated.	4
Megajournals are drawing an international group of authors who tend to be experienced academics.	5
This will, of course, also somewhat reduce the averages for their cohorts and subdisciplines.	0
FIGURE 8 Heatmap of coefficients of metric for each Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) coloured according to value.	0
Who are the most important actors within the collaboration network?	1
We also observe substitutability between international and industry funding.	4
The sample investigated comprised 65,307 scientific publications from 2001 to 2010 recovered by using the search strategy for carbon nanotubes, fullerenes and graphene presented in Table 1.	2
We consider comprehensive data on the hiring events of 5032 faculty at all 205 Ph.D.-granting departments of computer science in the U.S. and Canada, and on the timing and titles of 200,476 associated publications.	2
Using the structural characteristics, we are able to predict the potential of a scientific work to become a breakthrough in the future with an AUC of 67.5% or 69.5% only two years after the work's publication.	4
However, as the cost falls toward zero, outcomes under zero-profit ownership and open access both tend toward the efficient level, and for-profit monopoly ownership is increasingly inefficient.	4
This study indicates that these quantities have discriminating power, and might be usefull to classify publications between those containing a potential breakthrough discovery and those that do not.	5
Yes, there is a weak preference for anonymous discussions (n = 159 and Cohen’s d= 0.25).	4
At promotion from associate professors to full professors, faculty had a median number of 41.0 (IQR 24.0, 73.0) publications, median number of 1132.0 (IQR 441.0, 1321.0) citations, and median H-index of 17.0 (9.0, 23.0).	4
Generally, their main goal is building a general approach to apply on a larger scale corpus starting from the findings and results obtained – e.g.	0
We collected all the papers published in the computer science domain and indexed by Microsoft Academic Search from 1970 to 2010.	2
Date received: 17th January 2011; revised: 20th July 2011; accepted: 22nd July 2011	0
A checklist for identifying and strengthening Indian journals for minimizing the impact of predatory journals should examine the following:	3
This does not mean, of course, that all such values are meaningless.	0
Should the current practice remain unchanged within this decade, we estimate ~ 2.5 billion USD could be lost between 2022 and 2030—solely due to reformatting articles after a first editorial desk rejection.	4
If there is a persistent handle or DOI of a previously published paper in the conference abstract, citation of the original paper may be used as an index to distinguish the quality of the presented paper at the conference.	3
The previous literature combined with this study paints a gloomy picture; JIF influencing editorial decisions seem to be effective and widespread and their use reinforces additional use and undermines the incentive to stop manipulation.	5
We use the case of nanotechnology to address the pressing question of why China continues to underperform with regards to generating innovative, high-tech companies and products, despite heavy public R&D investment and the presence of one of the world's largest talent pools of potential scientists, engineers and entrepreneurs.	1
In the 1980s the number of publication in art criticism was 85, while in the 1990s, 2000s, and 2010s were 75, 44, and 10, respectively (Figure 6).	4
The retrieval strategy was "Topics= ‘think tank' OR 'think tanks' AND Type=article AND Language=English" with time span from 2006.01.01 to 2016.12.31.	2
The study is based on interviews with center directors who participated closely in the process of building up the CoEs and followed closely their growth and maturation.	2
The closeness centrality represents to what extent a node is close to all member nodes of the network (Wasserman and Faust 2003).	3
In the Scopus database, we found n = 64 223 publications that are located on a citation path between our source and target publications.	2
Our results suggest that a warning of negative outcomes may be a more effective deterrent to cheating.	5
In this case, from the conflicting reviewers' recommendations showed in Table 3, there is a tie in the first choice of the consensus ranking: Both major revision and reject achieve the same MLR score (2).	4
Two OREF resident grant recipients transitioned to National Institutes of Health research funding (0.7%).	4
The development phase is summarised here, with additional details provided in online supplementary file 2.	0
Therefore, this study employs a three-dimensional framework for policy objectives, policy instruments and policy implementations.	3
The categorization of arguments for counting methods for publication and citation indicators represents a snapshot of the state of art based on a sample of bibliometric studies published in 2016.	4
Independent t-test and Pearson's correlation analysis were employed where applicable.	3
Qualitative indicators like survey results are less sanguine about China's position; few of our knowledgeable respondents think that China now leads the world or soon will.	4
The score sheet for a blinded sample is included as a supplementary table (see Supplementary Table 1).	0
For the two research groups we measured, I believe the hypothesis (a) is quite unlikely.	0
Finally, sh offers a straight-forward way to distinguish between scientists of equal or similar h.	5
If some journals adopt the increase of LDI as a goal, it might lead to the increase of linguistic diversity of opinions, views, and ideas cited in the published articles.	5
The authors would like to thank Professor Richard Cox, Professor David Allen Wehr and Peter Spink, and the anonymous reviewers for their thoughtful comments and editing.	0
This article shows that peer effects in academia are present and large within precisely defined fields and for some groups of researchers, based on their gender and age.	5
Third, we performed a co-citation analysis and revealed research hotspots by a close reading of articles in the cluster network.	3
It seems that although many readers often download the journal's articles, these download did not result in citations.	5
Excluding Physics, extreme publishing behavior has become worryingly common across scientific fields with rapidly increasing rates in some countries and settings and may herald a rapid depreciation of authorship standards.	5
For each set of two (pairs) and three (trios) of subjects, overlaps in journal citation, authorship, publication journals, and keywords were calculated for all Iranian NBIC articles published from 2001 to 2015 in international journals.	2
a response rate of ~6% (n ≈ 54,000).	2
However, an astonishing large majority of Romanian psychologists does not make it into the List of Highly Internationally Active Romanian Psychologists (see Table 1), meaning that they do not have a minimum of 10 Web of Science publications, and/or are not even on this track.	5
The present study accordingly investigates theorems originating from sociology, namely the Matthew effect and the small-world effect (defined in the next section), by asking the following research question: Which structural feature does the co-authorship network in disciplinary social work show, and how has it changed over time?	1
The iThenticate? options were set to “Exclude quotes,” “Exclude bibliography," and "Exclude section (Abstract, Methods and Materials)" before the papers were uploaded (14).	3
Articles and Review papers were treated separately as their funding is a priori different in origin.	2
80th Annual Meeting of the Association for Information Science & Technology, Washington, DC, VA | Oct.	0
All errata reports were identified by a manual process that required independent review of each journal issue.	3
The choice of the approach to follow depends on some facts.	0
The approximation P = 0 makes no sense in the definition of impact, the minimum P-value is 1.	0
Li for program coding, and Qing Ke and Ludo Waltman, as well as two anonymous reviewers for helpful comments on earlier versions of this article.	0
It therefore becomes important to integrate the impact of papers that cite a researcher's work into the evaluation of the productivity of the researcher.	1
The number of journals focussing primarily on trauma and orthopaedic surgery (Table 1) has increased from 24 in 2000 to 41 in 2010.	4
First, we assign a politeness score to the raw text of each of the discussion posts written by reviewers.	3
3) Biblioshiny: The scientometric package which runs using R-Metrix software.	3
In the “Topic modeling” section, the steps of topic modeling are explained.	0
Furthermore, it aims at exploring the impact of receiving the Egyptian State Award (as a national scientific award) for S&T sector scholars’ subsequent publications, citations, citations per publication (CPP), and h-index.	1
How do the correlations between citations and Mendeley readers for articles change over time?	1
Altogether, we believe that this paper reflects an overtly successful but still imperfect process for leveraging preprint servers to raise awareness of a journal with a global reach and to move towards achieving goals regarding broader disciplinary coverage and author representation.	5
In both the groups, “Bibliometric analysis /study" had the highest frequency and dominated the Indian LIS research during the period 2004 to 2015.	4
Using fixed-effects models, we measured differences in ratings for strength of evidence, relevance, and likelihood of referral to a peer.	3
In the five years underlying this work for analysis, the journal PLOS ONE published a total of 28,852 documents in 60 issues, which makes 12 issues per year.	4
Maximilian Fochler is an associate professor and deputy head of the Department of Science and Technology Studies at the University of Vienna.	0
Perceptions amongst librarians were very different, with librarians notably more in favour of ORCID.	4
An attempt was made to contact the authors of studies that met other inclusion criteria but lacked this information.	0
We apply variance analyses to reveal significant differences between the frequencies with which early-stage researchers and professors perform various actions whose occurrences are counted as impact metrics (e.g., downloading, liking, or sharing of scientific publications).	3
We also investigated the ‘categories of conversation' in publisher tweets, with a focus on hashtags and @-mentions.	1
Keywords Knowledge diffusion · Cochrane · Systematic reviews · Bibliometrics · Citation analysis · Research quality	0
In addition, we assess the citation impact of each country's NCD research as well as the impact of intraregional and international collaborations on the volume and quality of research outputs.	1
We compiled two indicators: 1) the cited journals vs.	3
The USA was the highest publishing country followed by Brazil, the UK and Japan.	5
It is possible to carry out this recursive iterated improvement using the eigenvalue relationship Oocc = λ Occ, where Occ is the recursively weighted improvement of the totalized country output score.	3
We then refer to these data in the next section which presents the specific results.	0
Our dataset is based on dissertation titles in economics and business administration and chemistry from 1980 to 2010.	2
This section describes investigation of possible gender imbalances apparent during the submission process of articles to the Royal Society of Chemistry.	1
One of the strategies these publishers use to maximize profits from their journals is take the most prestigious journals in their collection and create a family of derived publications that bear the prestigious parent's name.	5
These are ISI Web of Science (ISI/WOS), PubMed/Medline, and Scopus.	2
Notably, projects focused on drug development, testing, or repurposing heavily relied on animal models.	4
71 (Episiotomy), and highest non-OBGYN impact factor (53.49) was PB no.	4
An efficient pattern to leverage international collaboration is to maintain strong ties with the core domestic partners and relatively weak ties with a wide range of foreign partners simultaneously.	5
Two-sided t tests with a 95% confidence interval are employed here and throughout the paper.	0
Publisher's note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
If author contributions to a journal's articles are explicitly indicated by a contributorship taxonomy such as CRediT or CRO, how should one think about the order of authorship?	5
The findings reveal that for most universities the citation-based indicator used gives insufficient statistical evidence to infer that their research productivity is inferior or superior to the average.	4
One main result of our 'variant' of McDowell's life cycle model is that his results remain valid for a correct use of the human capital stock in Ben-Porath's style.	5
In other words, the concept of “0” and “1” is to define whether a single dimension (column) in each case (each row) belongs to the set (1 means belonging, 0 means not belonging).	0
RQ2: Are there disciplinary differences in the extent to which new issues are more cited?	1
The dependency on the employed databases seems to be low as long as the topic of interest is covered well in the database of choice.	5
In general, papers initiated by countries with higher economic levels receive more citations in different types except H&M.	5
According to disciplinary differences, Mathematics, Social Sciences and Economics & Business are the disciplines with more sparse and tiny networks; while Physics, Engineering and Geosciences are characterized by dense and crowded networks.	4
Over half (n = 54) the articles were funded.	4
The aim of this paper is to assess the extent to which advisory supervision, in addition to overall department quality, predicts early stage productivity of recent PhDs in economics.	1
It reduces the prediction error by 20.7% and 16.3% comparing to the second best CasCN and DeepHawkes, respectively.	4
Spearman correlations were calculated between each pair of data sources and for each journal and year.	3
The total number of articles were 8,617 (biotechnology) 21,833 (genomics) and 84,044 (nanotechnology).	2
The top 3 topics by number of articles included: Musculoskeletal Medicine (n=211), Exercise (n=124), and Medical Technology (n=72).	4
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
From 2016 to 2018, more than 100 ECRs were subject to annual, in-depth, semi-structured interviews about their scholarly communication beliefs and behaviours.	2
We carried out a cross-sectional comparison of characteristics of potential predatory, legitimate open access, and legitimate subscription-based biomedical journals.	1
China closely follows with 24 papers, which received 2057 citations.	4
Finally, 48,469 articles and 2224,048 references comprise our final data set (Detailed information is shown in Table 1).	2
The object of the study are 3557 papers from thirteen Brazilian electronic journals focused on Science education and/or Physics education, with editorial board, International Standard Serial Number (ISSN) and own website.	2
By applying the Matching method, we constructed an observation group including 1,726 open peer review (OPR) papers and a control group including 1,726 non-OPR counterparts.	3
We are grateful to the members of the Moscow scientometric seminar for their interviews and to Daphne Lees for correcting our English.	0
In terms of the data mining technique, we implemented the Apriori algorithm with the PHP language.	3
For the last authorship, pediatric surgery showed the highest, with hand surgery having the lowest representation.	4
Spearman's correlations show that there is overall a strong statistically significant relationship (rho ranging from 0.72 to 0.92, p < .001) between the familiarity and usage of traditional metrics.	4
We find that researcher geographic mobility from graduating institutions is generally associated with individual traits such as academic rank and age, and institutional characteristics such as school ranking and location.	4
All three databases are now available from Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science (WoS), and this was the source for the publication data for this study.	2
Our observations suggest that Path 1 in the D-A-T evolution is the backbone to track knowledge transfer originating from of a scientific work during its evolution outside the realm of academia; the D-A-T path is particularly useful for real-world tracking of the contribution of a pioneering work or of transformative research to progress made in S&T.	5
In this paper, we propose an approach named First and Others (F&O) counting.	1
We find no gender significant factor regardless of the indicator of research productivity used, thereby refuting Hypothesis 1.1.	4
The success-index s(x) = Wa if and only if	4
The overall precision of EDHIPHY is adequately high, with 82%-91% of mentions linked to the correct philosopher.	4
The organization is a partner of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) and also works with Portico and the LOCKSS initiative for digital archive preservation.	0
In other words, complexity is low in a team whose behaviour is a collection of random events; but it is also low if the behaviour of the team is highly ordered and adheres to a single rule.	0
Acknowledgements The authors acknowledge support of Sonia Gruber and Alexander Feidenheimer in compiling the data and of three anonymous reviewers who helped us to substantially improve our first draft.	0
In the second-degree network (i.e., a network that consists of the focal author, the coauthors, the coauthors' coauthors, and the connections among the nodes), both research productivity and impact suggest an inverted-U shaped relationship with the team size of second-degree connections.	4
It seems to be one where the topic became the focus of a research problem relatively quickly, and then grew steadily rather than explosively.	4
The analysis is conducted using a purely bibliometric approach, in keeping with that used by the VQR.	3
Scholars can use social network analysis to identify the structure of co-authorship in a given discipline or field.	3
Our descriptive results suggest common patterns consistent with existing theory.	5
Lotka's law of scientific productivity is one of the main pillars of bibliometric analysis (Bailón-Moreno, Jurado-Alameda, Ruiz-Ba?os, & Courtial, 2005).	3
It can be seen that after deleting one of the three key features, the classification performance of the four journals is greatly reduced.	4
2006; Gl?nzel and Schubert 2004) and to map the connections between researchers in a field (Katz and Martin 1997).	3
The unnormalized approach results in cluster size distributions that are much more skewed than when normalization is performed (Fig.	4
Results showed that there is a strong effect of preferential attachment in increasing probability of coauthorship ties existence.	4
This paper gave full credit to all co-authors or institutions when counting the number of publications; the detailed methodology regarding the comparison can be found in Shu et al.	0
The current study provides a retrospective of its magnificent journey.	1
Box plot of the number of authors of Italian publications in Neurosciences (2004–2010).	0
Biblioshiny (Bibliometrix R Package) was used to count the number of publications of the scientific actors and their citation impacts.	3
This paper is a study of maximum consensus MCGDM for IRO evaluation.	5
The initial concave and convex curvatures of plots of cumulative citations L(t) of individual articles against citation time t can be explained satisfactorily using unified Avrami–Weibull Eq. (3), with the exponent q and the time constant Θ.	5
One of the major differences between the types of projects sponsored by the NSFC and the MRC is the variety of diseases.	5
Using biomedical papers as the data source, we constructed two evaluation datasets based on Nobel Prize papers and disruptive index.	2
Going beyond the presented assessment of the benefits produced by interdisciplinarity, the method proposed in this work could constitute a tool for funding agencies and academic hiring decision makers to quantify the impact of interdisciplinary research and its producers, for a faster advancement of excellent science.	5
Thus, the citation window for individual papers ranges from one year to almost three years, with an average of two years.	0
JGIM is a prominent journal in the area of management information systems.	5
The data are depicted graphically in Figure 1, where the frequencies, in terms of percent, are plotted against the number of references per paper.	0
Véronique Rabenda, Olivier Bruyère, Fanny Buckinx and Adrien Quabron declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
It offers a reasonable apples-to-apples comparison of the relative impact of the average university-press book versus the average Social Science Citation Index (SSCI)-indexed peer-reviewed article, and it reveals which presses are relatively more likely to publish books that measurably influence other scholars' research.	1
This study expands upon previous research on this issue and focuses on comparing these dynamics across all fields of science using a global sample of academics.	1
The archival documents include job advertisements, cover letters, curricula vitae (CVs), publication lists, reviews and laudations in which committees justify their selection of shortlisted candidates for subsequent decision-making bodies within the university.	2
Through a detailed discussion about the issues concerning this approach, especially deriving the "de-preprinted" main paths for the original network, this article proposes an alternative solution with two-fold contributions.	1
Since our interest lies in analyzing the dynamics associated with the timing of mobility in scientific careers, we employ discrete-time hazard rate models (Myers et al., 1973; Allison 1982).	3
Thus, we analyzed the RCR instructional plans for 91 RU/VH institutions, which constituted 84% of the original cohort.	2
Received 30 June 2023; Received in revised form 1 September 2023; Accepted 2 October 2023	0
A reference strength of strengthyear(A, B) > 1 indicates that the rate of referencing from field A to field B is greater than would be expected by random referencing behaviour given the number of published papers in field B.	3
The rule is: the lesser the benefit, the more autonomous the country.	0
We use kernel matching: each U.S.-mobile researcher is matched to all EU-mobile researchers, but those EU-mobile researchers with the most similar propensity score receive a larger weight, whereas those with a strongly differing propensity score get a smaller weight.	3
Scopus found 14,900 + documents: 9,650 + articles and 5,320 + CP (Scopus, 2021).	2
This Marxian-informed analysis of the economic foundations of CPBF has an important bearing on political terms.	5
We aimed at generating evidence on MakCHS faculty engagement in research over a period of 15.5 years by documenting the areas researched, levels of authorship contribution and source of funding, as well as affiliated local and international collaborations.	1
We used the search string bibliometric* in information source titles, abstracts and keywords, limited to the subject area = medicine.	2
This dataset was developed as part of a longitudinal study of the minority (about a third) of the fully open access journals that use the APC business model.	1
The CRIS-based publication data can support multidimensional assessments of research performance and scholarly communication profiles, potentially also in other countries and institutions.	5
Since the tenure track reforms in China have been carried out primarily by high-level research universities (Zhang 2021), the institutions we surveyed were limited to the 'Double First-rate' Universities that represent China's high-level research universities.	2
In this article, we address this research gap by examining misconduct in management research using the theoretical lenses adopted from criminology and sociology.	1
We searched international data bases of Scopus, Web of Sciences (ISI), Google Scholar, and PubMed databases and the national databanks of SID and Iran.doc.	2
However, all things are rarely equal, and it will serve us well to remember that impact factors are heavily influenced by subject field, document type and journal size (Mabe and Amin, 2000), by numbers of citations (Egghe, 1988), and by research level, shifting fashions and publication policy (Lewison, 2001) as well as by absolute quality, whatever that means.	0
After comparison of the publisher names in each database with Beall’s List relative to the total number of publishers in the index, the DOAJ contained the highest percentage of the products we examined, at 2.25%.	4
One such measure is the Herfindahl-Hirschman Index (HHI) which was originally used to quantify the degree of competition among companies according to their market share (Rhoades, 1993).	3
The data on bibliographies were gathered from the Co-operative On-Line Bibliographic System & Services (COBISS).	2
The data used in our experiments is the paper citation network of the ACL Anthology Network (AAN) (Radev, Muthukrishnan, & Qazvinian, 2009) 2009 release.	2
Next, we exclude all solo-authored papers and those papers with authors' career age above 80 based on the fact that individual scientists do not have active careers longer than most people's lifespan.	2
The number of publications in the database was 158,743 articles and the number of unique authors was 25,463.	2
However, the percentage of references to English-language monographs had grown by 8.3 percent from 1970 to 2000, while all other language categories had declined.	4
6 As an efficient mechanism to compute centrality in fairly large networks with thousands of actors an adaptation of the algorithm of Brandes [19] that also computes closeness is used.	0
We initially identified non-indexed OA journals by searching three quality-controlled databases: the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ), Clarivate Analytics (Journal Citation Reports, JCR), and Scopus.	2
This paper contributes to this need by providing a descriptive and critical analysis of 200 highly cited articles from 10 edtech journals.	1
To reveal the diffusion process of LDA, we first examine the topic evolution in the whole citation history of LDA to answer questions about which research topic attracts the most attention and what topics have been proposed during the process of adopting LDA.	3
There were significantly fewer total weighted major errors in the copyediting group (1 error/10 citations; median, 0.08) than in the comparison group (4 errors/10 citations; median, 0.37; U = 61, P = .001).	4
To identify journals, four university library websites that listed medical education journals were searched: Imperial College London, McGill, Wayne State University and New York University [6–9].	2
The difference in citation rates between OA and non-OA papers was assessed using an independent t-test, identifying a statistically significant difference (p=0.047).	3
All co-creation sessions were video recorded and transcribed verbatim.	3
Therefore, the present study aims at the following: first, identify the most-cited articles in medical professionalism and evaluate their characteristics, and study any correlations between the number of citations and each of their biliometric characteristics.	1
5b) performs best when Field of Research category is being considered (96%).	4
Data are based on face-to-face interviews conducted from 1 March to July 2016 (first year), and 1 February through 30 June 2017 (second year).	2
He also reviewed and made suggestions in regard to the manuscript.	0
(3) How has the publishing productivity, among Canadian geographers, changed over time and by institution?	1
Автор к выбирает вектор подаваемых статей хк так, чтобы максимизировать полезность ик суммарного вознаграждения с учетом трудовых затрат на написание Sk статей.	3
Thus, this section is divided into three parts: (i) a description of the sample used to discover the HCP is provided, (ii) the HCP identification approach is presented, and (iii) the conceptual evolution and co-word analysis are described.	0
To our knowledge, this panel role is assigned exclusively to the unit’s faculty member: a practice with a profound effect on the distribution of appointments (Figure 5).	0
We include the h index, g index, AWCRpA and e index in our empirical analysis.	3
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cshe20	0
Although green investment has positive effects on overall ESG scores of NSOEs, its positive impact is most obvious in the areas of Environment & Social, and it has little influence on Governance area.	4
The five segments resulting from the breakpoints in table 1 are as follows: 1900-1915, 1916-1936, 1937-1942, 1943-1949, and 1950-1990.	4
human capital, health economics, educational investment, salaries and fringe benefits, graduate medical education, training, career choice, pediatrics, residency, fellows, subspecialists	0
The REF plays a somewhat mixed role in this picture.	4
The closed circles are the number of papers published in that year.	0
Reasons for retraction were informed by the previous literature and classified into three main categories as ethical misconduct (e.g., plagiarism or fabricated data), scientific error (e.g., unreliable data due to errors) or publisher issues (Karde?	3
To ensure completeness of our analysis and to rule out biases in either of the models, we used both the Tobit analysis and the ArcSinh transformation with OLS.	3
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=whmm20	0
This social world was characterized as a low-density (p = 0.005) community cluster network (Table 3) [31].	4
This process resulted in the identification of the 10 most relevant neuropsychiatry journals according to current impact factors (range=0.5–4.9).	2
It recorded an average of 10.6 citations per publication for the hard disciplines versus 5.2 citations per publication for the soft disciplines (p = .21).	4
An analysis is made of 609 articles on disciplinarity selected through a combination of automatic and manual methods published from 2000 to 2013.	2
In 2014, orthopaedic surgery ranked below the surgical departments of general surgery, ophthalmology, obstetrics and gynecology, otolaryngology, and urology in terms of NIH funding received.	4
Therefore, the main purpose of this paper is to find appropriate weights of these factors that can explain why already published papers were submitted to their current journals.	1
Given its putative benefits in quantifying relative importance, we suggest it may enrich the citation network, thereby overcoming the existing inadequacy of citation counts alone.	5
Three new technical parameters/indicators are introduced, namely, non-genealogy citation (NGC), non-community citation (NCC) and other citation quotient (OCQ).	3
The general message is that, in trying to give a simple overview of performance, composite indicators can be misleading.	5
Number of citations was analyzed using descriptive statistics.	3
Do the new national subject-based citation impact estimation methods give comparable results to those of the previous standard methods for recent years?	1
The objective of this study is to assess the status of 359 scientific journals in Iran with regards to their commitment to publication standards.	1
= 0.00), favoring the latter (mean rank 401.68 vs.	4
Publications were sourced from the Scopus database via keyword searches and filtered to include only publications relating to human disease and containing a United Kingdom-based first and/or last author.	2
For this study we have considered the same set of publications analyzed in a previous study (Costas et al., in press).	2
Taken together, these findings suggest that the institutions and policies that govern how past discoveries are accessed can have dramatic effects on cumulative innovation.	5
We included scholars who held leadership positions in formal units with an interdisciplinary focus.	0
In the following, we first show the results of our publication analysis as we discuss the professors' overall inclusion in the two databases as well as their retrieved numbers of publications from both databases.	0
The collection of patent documents from the specific technological domains is the first preparatory work.	0
We define TSs as professors placing among the top 10% by FSS in each SDS.	3
RQ2: How has the use of research methods evolved over time through the lens of research method entities?	1
Since the first issue published by IJUFKS in 1993, it has published 1135 papers by 2016, and approximately 50 papers were published each year with bimonthly publishing from 1996.	5
Our research question was: What is the level of perceived publication pressure in the four academic institutions in Amsterdam and does the pressure to publish differ between academic ranks and disciplinary fields?	1
Oh, PhD, Vascular Biology and Hypertension Branch, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, 6701 Rockledge Dr, Room 8106, Bethesda, MD 20892.	0
The aim is to elucidate the mechanisms driving the growth of gold OA publishing output as influenced by field-specific academic factors.	1
First, there is a significant imbalance in research productivity among LIS teachers in North American.	5
Figure 1 shows the relationships between citation count, number of downloads and Altmetric Attention Score for both top 100's.	0
These landmark articles represent important educational points that should be reviewed by all clinicians and trainees in this field.	5
All three resources available in the ISI web of science were used for this purpose [Science Citation Index Expanded, Social Sciences Citation Index, and The Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI)].	2
The presented study analyses the development and performance measures of research journals in the field of civil engineering.	1
Corresponding Author and Reprints: Ms Liz Wager, Sideview, 19 North Street, Bishop's Castle, Shropshire SY9 5AA, UK (e-mail: liz@sideview.demon.co.uk).	0
One key finding is the historical shift from an earlier dominance of chemistry-related journals to publications more broadly concerned with sustainability research.	4
In general, the growth of scientific output in China was mainly driven by hard science.	5
The h-index is a metric widely used to present both the productivity and impact of an author's previous publications.	1
We employed social network analysis to examine the structure of the networks and the ways in which authors, institutions and countries interact.	3
2 By including the scientific non-patent references, this issue can at least partly be addressed.	0
This study investigates LLMs' potential as qualified reviewers in originality evaluation in zero-shot learning, utilizing a unique, manually crafted prompt.	1
The empirical analysis of this study examines two leading-edge, interdisciplinarity-dedicated research organizations: the Institute for Integrated Cell-Material Sciences (WPI-iCeMS) at Kyoto University in Japan and the Wyss Institute for Biologically-inspired Engineering at Harvard University in the US.	2
Only 14% of recent graduates answered that they were required to undertake mandatory open access training as part of their doctoral studies, with even fewer current students (9%) believing that such training was part of their current doctoral programme.	4
By integrating social network theory and social identity theory, we propose three constructs, namely academic participation, government support and international reputation, to analyze the relationship between S&T human scale and international academic recognition.	1
CVs were abstracted for education history, faculty appointment(s), first and last author peer-reviewed publications, grant funding, and internal and external leadership positions.	2
Tokyo Institute of Technology, Graduate School of Decision Science and Technology, History of Science and Technology Group, Tokyo, Japan	0
In this study, a set of per annum productivity unit counts was calculated for every academic at UKZN.	2
A total of 266,391 (43%) profiles were extracted from an estimated population of 600,000 users.	2
From a global perspective, the imbalance between research needs and research efforts persists as most of the research effort concentrates on diseases affecting high-income countries.	5
First, however, the data sources used in that study are discussed.	0
The average citation impact of research in countries with a low level of scientific productivity may therefore be primarily due to the contributions of their collaborators.	5
In LLMs' evaluation mechanism, five distinct OTs reflecting varied research contributions do not manifest independently, but together they positively influence OS.	4
This double nature, a balance between the communication and reward systems of science within the context of an exchange between esoteric and exoteric actors helps to explain the article's definite features.	5
This study investigates the progress of forestry research in Iran, Israel, and Turkey based on a bibliometric analysis of 2482 documents published between 2005 and 2019 and indexed in the Web of Science (WoS) scientific information platform.	1
We calculated the proportion of jargon in the title and abstract of each article relative to the total number of words.	3
The comprehensive study consists of 30 focus group interviews across eight European countries.	2
Statistical software SPSS was used for cross-tabulations, Chi-square analysis and further post-hoc testing, i.e., pairwise column comparisons and adjusted standardized Pearson residuals (Beasley & Schumacker, 1995).	3
Scientometric methods are used to assess knowledge flows represented in publication data to map research communities (see Budd and Magnuson 2010; Haustein et al.	3
Infrequent producers score worse than Frequent producers for the h and g index, but this is reversed with the e index and the AWCRpA.	4
For this purpose, we define a new area, the tail complement penalty area, denoted as TC-area with size CTC.	3
The keyword frequency distribution displays a power-law distribution with an exponent -1.07, as shown in Fig.	4
In addition, the keywords “design" and “public transport” have received the citation burst recently, which means that these two keywords are still influential for current research.	4
2007) is now an alternative measure of centrality in a citation network to overcome the inherent age bias of PageRank.	3
show that silica can be coated in a few minutes with hydrosilanes, using a fluoro-organoborane catalyst.	3
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=tsim20	0
Then, the BNN predicts the existence of a link between two nodes in the future, where the prediction is formulated as a binary classification problem.	3
Tests on subsamples, using Lin's concordance coefficient, suggest substantial agreement between estimated and real citation values.	4
We have used the phylomemy reconstruction process to visualize the temporal evolution of COVID-19 vaccines trials descriptions.	3
“CANCER RES” is the most cited journal in which the most influential anticancer drug research articles were published.	4
Nor should such indicators be used to rank university departments or groups into league tables.	5
Theoretically, this study provides valuable idea and method on measurement and prediction of emerging research topics by combining a deep learning-based model with heterogeneous networks.	5
I would like to thank Carl Elliott, Trisha Phillips, Robert Thompson, Greig Mulberry, the participants of the 2008 Mississippi Philosophical Association meeting, two anonymous reviews, and David Resnik for their valuable feedback.	0
The first is impact—the number of citations that papers from the city have accumulated within the first two years post publication.	3
We conclude that switching traditional exams to online mode should be accompanied by proctoring.	5
Our investigation shows that none of the CSSCI journals have eliminated paper publication and most journals are processed in a traditional publishing and management mode.	5
The document types were restricted to article and review, and the time span was set between 2008 and 2012.	2
Analogously, "age pyramids" using double bar diagrams of publication activity (at the given time period) and citation impact (based on citations received in that time period to all previously published papers) - instead of juxtaposing gender-related age groups in human population - can be used to reflect important changes in the course of a scientist's career (Zhang & Gl?nzel, 2012).	3
The table shows the estimation of the Poisson Pseudo-Maximum Likelihood estimation of the gravity model of citations.	3
In order to illustrate this, we use the following example from zoology.	0
The highest correlation (.973) is between N2-weighted citation counting and N2-weighted re-citation counting.	4
The study population consisted of a total of 395 dental students enrolled in the 2023-1 semester at the UPSJB, School of Stomatology.	2
To investigate potential degeneration effects for the derived consensus rankings, depending on variations across the number of available journals q and rankings m, the authors compute the average number of ties per involved journal, in the consensus ranking, across all bootstrap replications.	4
The full text was screened to see the type of post-retraction citation (positive/negative) and whether the cited article appears or not as retracted.	3
Here, in favor of openly tracking self-citations we report on self-referencing behavior among various academic disciplines as captured by the curated Clarivate Analytics Web of Science database.	1
Submission-to-acceptance time was analyzed by fitting a hierarchical (mixed) model with the submission date stratum as a random effect.	3
In a random sample of 1000 articles, 912 were deemed eligible and therefore included.	2
In this context, this paper asks two questions: (i) Could encouraging talented youth to pursue research careers play a critical role in knowledge creation?	1
The map suggests three broad dimensions of patenting interrelationships based on the overall position of technological areas.	4
The AAPs in column 1 show that – after other variables are taken into account – about 16.2% of univ 1's publications are highly cited, compared to almost 24.5% of univ 3's.	4
Our results reveal that RPYS is able to identify most important researchers, institutions, and countries.	4
The period from submission to online publication was 133, 216, 181, and 318days in Spine, EUS, TSJ, and JNS spine, respectively.	4
Moreover, some previously identified top keywords in the literature fell behind and outside of the top scale, sliding to lower places (Fig.	4
We investigated the OA policy in the 30 relevant journals listed in the Institute for Scientific Information Web of Knowledge, journal citation report, comparing bibliometric data and quality of evidence produced in journals offering OA and those with subscription-only policies.	1
Proportions were compared using the two-proportion z-test (TPZT).	3
There is a high correlation between the proportion of women in each narrow field between all 15 pairs of countries (Table 3, Table 4).	4
Address correspondence to Sonia Poulin, Reference/Subject Librarian, Vanier Library, VL 127-4, Concordia University, 1455 de Maisonneuve Ouest, Montréal, Québec, Canada, H3G 1M8.	0
To produce an interpretable result we multiplied the production count by $100,000.	0
Obviously, co-authorships can only be used to count author contributions to publications assuming that such mutual authorships imply some form of ‘collaboration’.	0
Bart Thijs and Wolfgang Gl?nzel are at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, ECOOM, Dekenstraat 2, B-3000 Leuven, Belgium; Email: Bart.Thijs@econ.kuleuven.be.	0
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
This paper aims to investigate the structures of 935 conferences organized by OMICS and 296 conferences organized by WASET from 2015 through 2017.	1
We aimed to assess the distribution of applications and quantify the academic returns of NIAA-supported research grants, as this has hitherto not been analysed.	1
To address this problem, this paper aims to examine whether the percentile- and stochastic-based approach is effective for converting citation counts between two databases while guaranteeing its time-normalization.	1
Each indicator has been measured over the five-year period 2004–2008 and the values considered are their yearly averages:	2
The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted in one of the biggest waves of publications in the history of modern science [2, 23].	5
The present study, like the previous WHW studies, did not cover all possible LIS journals where U.S. academic librarians publish.	2
Second, this study revealed the mechanisms by which the tenure track system affected faculty members' academic performance.	5
The results indicated that bibliometric factors had a significant influence on the centrality degree of the networks.	4
This study combines the social network analysis method and econometrics method to visualise and quantitatively evaluate international student mobility and scientific collaboration networks.	1
Received July 21, 2004; revised November 30, 2004; accepted November 30, 2004	0
We hence conclude that reader-reasons and author-reasons for citing particular references are typically so different that it would be unwise to use the former as a proxy for the latter, thus confirming the suggestion of Case and Miller (2010) that readers “[.	5
Alluvial chart displaying the alignment between organizational dominance and main cognitive scope for all subject specialties with authors from social sciences and humanities.	0
Factors that are likely to hinder effective collaboration in LIS research include bureaucracy, lack of funding, lack of time, as well as physical distance between researchers.	4
We conducted an online survey intended for biomedical editors and authors.	3
Was the citation impact of interviews, case studies, focus groups and ethnography above or below average in any academic fields between 1996 and 2019?	1
Objectives: The key characteristics of this study are to highlight the research trend pertaining to the use of machine learning in the diagnosis and management of neuropsychiatric conditions.	1
In this case, the entire Scopus database is subjected to a community detection algorithm.	3
In addition, we encourage the relaxation of abstract and keyword limitations in journals with strict guidelines, and the inclusion of multilingual abstracts to broaden global accessibility.	5
It can be finally concluded that this scientometric study is instrumental in analyzing the channelization of technology in improvising practices and procedures in agriculture.	5
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
However, these curves cannot forecast if a significant discovery could change development behavior and, consequently, the cumulative number of publication or patent documents in the future.	0
IF is the main index used by researchers for ranking the anatomy and morphology journals, but several shortcomings should be taken into account when they are using this index alone.	5
Robust rankings in the form shown here are a first approach.	5
These journals are: Accounting Review, Journal of Accounting and Economics, Journal of Accounting Research, Journal of Finance, Journal of Financial Economics, Review of Financial Studies, Information Systems Research, MIS Quarterly, Journal of Consumer Research, Journal of Marketing, Journal of Marketing Research, Marketing Science, Management Science, Operations Research, Journal of Operations Management, Production and Operations Management, Academy of Management Journal, Academy of Management Review, Administrative Science Quarterly, Organization Science, Journal of International Business Studies, and Strategic Management Journal.	2
We computed the percentage of publications falling in each subject area, for each of the three cases.	3
An author analysis revealed that Yuen, K.Y. of University of Hong Kong, Shenzhen Hospital, China, is the most prolific contributor in this domain, having 175 research publications with h-index of 60 and citations of 15,118, followed by Drosten, C. of German Centre for Infection Research DZIF, Germany, with 149 research articles, h-index of 49 and citations of 12,301.	4
Another finding is that the amount of future research funding and the number of funded years do not significantly vary with centrality in the collaborative network.	4
To construct this variable, we first calculate the yearly cosine similarity matrix between fields based on cross-citations between journals using their respective WoS subject categories (Zhang et al., 2010; Stephan et al., 2017).	3
This analysis shows that East Asian countries' impressive catch-up is due, to the first order, to sustained investment efforts in scientific research efforts that are greater than those undertaken in traditional scientific countries.	4
In this research, three periods were configured (P1 = 2007–2011; P2 = 2012–2016; P3 = 2017-2020).	2
Results show that the study on Chinese entrepreneurial education in the past 20 years has gradually come from the initial “exploratory stage" to the “comprehensive advance stage", when with the number of papers published is in a significant growth and the funded papers are also increasing significantly.	4
Therefore, this 10-year cohort study aims to investigate the scientific output based on number of publications resulting from mandatory research projects and identify key factors associated with these publications.	1
The main goal of this paper is to offer a meaningful comparison between the research output recorded by relatively developed and successful post-communist EU economies and that of their EU-15 counterparts.	1
This supports the idea that discussants help reduce information asymmetries that are inherent in the academic publication process.	5
According to the findings, almost half of the respondents (512; 51.3%) answered in the affirmative, 486 (48.7%) answered in the negative (see Table 1).	4
We rely on analysis of variance (ANOVA) to examine statistical differences in these variables.	3
Jones is vice president, Division of Medical School Services and Studies, Association of American Medical Colleges, Washington, D.C.	0
Three areas are over-represented, with Bioscience being the most over-represented by a factor of 4, followed by Astronomy by a factor of 2 and to a smaller extent Geosciences (30%).	4
The quantity and quality of radiological animal research has increased over the last two decades; however, methodological and ethical quality remains suboptimal.	5
Nominal data were analyzed with x2-test and Fisher's Exact test, while ordinal data were analyzed with Kruskall-Wallis test.	3
Using citations and references for the operationalization, we discuss and quantify both the recently proposed “disruption indicator” and the older indicator for “critical transitions” among reference lists as changes which may necessitate a rewriting of history.	1
Our approach instruments for university research spending with time-series variation in stock prices interacted with cross-sectional variation in initial endowment market values for research universities in the United States.	3
We discuss our findings as instructional, preparatory, and demarcative practices that, by extension, distribute responsibility for the construction and reinforcement of high-stakes, career-defining evaluations through which considerable stress and anxiety is generated in academia.	5
For male faculty the corresponding population is large and thus additional criteria would have to be adopted to select the sample.	0
Contemporary historiography of science in New Zealand must continue to transition from the collective biography mode Rossiter described in 1982 (a kind of women-telling-their-experience approach) towards a variety of modes that might provide thinking from the perspective of women's lives, and thus work towards a more equitable history of science in New Zealand.	5
The 100 most cited articles were identified and analyzed.	3
This paper uses more dimensional fixed effects, instrumental variables method, and double difference method to alleviate the possible endogeneity problem.	3
The study identified some intergroup relations considering the co-authorship of articles published in the Web of Science.	5
Old papers accumulated more citations than recent and current papers, but are used less than the latter two groups.	5
This study utilizes Moran's I statistic to assess the global spatial autocorrelation of sustainable urban development levels.	3
We created the preliminary dataset for our analysis by considering all 40 journals ranked in the 2021 ABS ranking in the finance section with a grade of 3, 4, or 4*.	2
WoS was the source for the selection of the panel of journals in this study.	2
for all article titles in the subject containing the term.	3
For departments and universities seeking to submit the best set of papers and academics, the methodology outlined in this paper might be useful.	5
Likewise, we fractionalised publications according to the number of diseases they related to.	3
We downloaded full bibliographic data for all these and analysed them using Visual FoxPro.	3
With a total of 23 actively working professors, the department’s impact is I = 7592.	4
Three sets of data were analysed in the study: secondary data from the RAE 2008 submissions and outcomes database; primary data from a survey of 30 education departments (distributed through internal departmental email lists); and primary data from a series of interviews in a further 9 institutions.	2
In this article we use co-authorship analysis in order to identify the collaborative patterns of African researchers.	3
In respect of academic research, these results enrich existing theories and give more empirical evidence for family investment model, demonstrating that family SES has a direct impact on college students' information searching and an indirect impact on their formal and informal query regarding online academic help-seeking.	5
The data were downloaded from these respective fields into Excel sheets for analysis of quantitative (number of publications) and qualitative (citations, self-citations, citations per publications and h-index) publication metrics.	2
We used bibliometric indicators to analyze potential disparities between men and women in the share of authors, research productivity, and seniority in authorship.	3
A total of 123,742 articles were analysed and evaluated within the context of this study.	2
By incorporating the aforementioned factors, we build a mechanistic model of knowledge spreading and synchronization.	3
And in turn, the metrics of science in particular, enabled us to better understand the science of metrics in general.	0
Third, by utilizing decision tree analysis, this study combines CART, random forest, and XGBoost algorithms that transforms ESG data into actionable predictive rules.	3
Part (A) of the discussion identified the demographic characteristics of the survey respondents and their implications.	0
The improved TF-IDF (Wang 2010) is employed to describe different interactions between associated scholars’.	3
Based on a reproducible search strategy, two independent reviewers searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, and the Retraction Watch website to identify retracted anesthesiology articles.	2
Section 3 explains the methodological steps and the construction of the database on which we base our results, that are treated in section 4 together with some robustness checks.	0
The third hypothesis is the the quality hypothesis, which is a synthesis of the first and second hypotheses.	3
LIS articles published between 2009 and 2013 were used to identify high research performance authors, prolific authors and highly cited authors.	2
In each of these three sections we refer to the research questions formulated before.	0
Note: AMRC = Association of Medical Research Charities; NHS = National Health Service; MRC = Medical Research Council; HEFCs = Higher Education Funding Councils; Pharma ind’y = pharmaceutical industry	0
Hence, those responses were removed, resulting in a sample size of 302 academic research staff.	2
The aim of this study was to evaluate the research performance of a small group of 49 young scholars, whose outputs were produced in different technical and scientific fields and in different variability resulting from different work experiences.	1
The objective of this study was to examine the scientific performance and internationalization of leading Chinese Open Access (OA) journals in the fields of science, technology, and medicine, specifically those published in English (referred to Chinese journals hereafter).	1
researchers (16+ years of journal article publishing) begin with citation impact above the U.S. (and world) average, but the citation impact of their articles declines steadily until it is below average for the United States (but above world average) (Figure 1).	4
The mean (.281) of the existing related connections was smaller than the mean (.387) of the newly added related connections.	4
The principal finding of our analysis of a consecutive cohort of published research in leading vascular and general surgical journals was that the study design and subject and the length of the article were independently associated with the number of citations received by each article.	4
Empirically, we interviewed twenty-four recipients of a new type of grant, namely, the Villum Experiment (VE), offered by the private Danish Villum Foundation.	2
Firstly, I investigated the trends in the quantity of papers published in the last three decades.	3
Against this background, we decided to repeat our study ten years later to see whether we would find any changes in men's and women's productivity.	0
In addition, the interviewees emphasized that predatory publishing poses a significant challenge for academic libraries, noting that library staff in general are not well informed about the issue.	5
As authors most of the respondents indicated that they are willing to share their publications via open platforms such as blogs, OA journals, self-archiving repositories and social media.	4
This study did not look at regional journals, non-English journals or books.	0
More novel proposals (based on text analysis, relative to all publications in the PubMed database) also received poorer scores.	4
Journal Influence Score = 0.513322- (0.14076 *Quarter) + (0.004716 * H index) + (0.000131 * Total Documents For Current Year) - (8.3E-06 * Total References) + (0.301404 *Cites/ Doc.	4
The number of retracted medical imaging publications continues to increase over time, which could indicate that more compromised research has either been published or discovered.	5
I investigated the research output from the selected science systems in three headings.	3
We estimated regression models that included simultaneously the publication counts from the four databases.	3
Let us first inspect the overall picture for the 121 patent classifications at the three-digit level and the 135,536 patents.	0
We thus have two constructs to evaluate scientific excellence.	3
The conference was also helpful in expanding the knowledge of the UK Research Councils and informing the participants of the research strategies within the university.	4
In addition to having a “robots.txt” (that declares full-text downloads off-limits to all sites, with the exception of Google) arXiv watches for rapid downloads from a single site to restricted areas of the Web site, and blocks those sites if they continue after being given a warning.	0
The first tool was the Open Access Journal Quality Indicators, a list of thirteen positive and nine negative indicators of journal quality created by Sarah Beaubien and Max Eckard.	3
Figure 2b shows that the percentage of female researchers decreases as the career progresses.	4
We also study the bibliometric rankings that are induced by these indices.	4
Based on the heterogeneous information network conceptual model of bibliographic data, bibliographic information network (BIN) is defined, as follows.	3
For this reason, we normalize these values by calculating a Relative Technological Factor (TFR), by dividing the TF value of any journal with the mean TF value (TF) over all journals that have TF > 0 in a particular year:	3
Whereas the papers with one to four authors in Molecular Biology of the Cell still account for 40%, the numbers for Cell and Nature Cell Biology have dropped to ~15 and 5%, respectively (Figure 1, B-D).	4
The results, not reported here but available from the authors, confirm our previous results where post-funding collaboration is a significant determinant of publication output even when funding is supposed to last after the funding.	0
This trend appears to be consistent over the 20 year period.	0
We provide a first look at open source journals, both reputable and predatory, specifically pertaining to Urology with aims to bring awareness to the growing prevalence of predatory publishing.	1
This condition narrowed down the search on retracted publications and filtered 3110 publications that received at least one citation as a retraction.	3
Reasons for retraction were classified into six categories: 1) misconduct, which included fabrication, falsification, fraud, plagiarism and lack of ethical approval; 2) error, which included mistakes in sampling, data analysis or procedures; 3) irreproducible results, which could be due to error or misconduct; 4) duplicate publication, which could be due to an error by the publisher or misconduct by the authors; 5) author disagreement, which included authorship concerns or lack of consent of all authors and 6) unknown, which included cases where the reason for retraction was not stated in the retraction notice and cases where the retraction notice was unavailable.	3
3-6, we present snapshots for a sequence of 5 year periods representing the topic overlap networks as described above.	0
The cumulative average growth rate (CAGR) was calculated using the following formula:	3
For this purpose, we used the Web of Science.	2
The quality of publications related to khat was measured using the h-index, which was established by Jorge Hirsch in 2005, where index h is defined as the number of papers with a citation number more than or equal to h [36].	3
The year 2009 did mark a clear turning point in the KSA's R&D performance in terms of the number of published scientific papers that have risen steadily and multiplied seven times between 2009 and 2019.	4
These differences may reflect the different goals of the journals, which work together to ensure optimal dissemination of impactful articles.	5
This study provides an insight into retractions of schizophrenia-related publications.	5
Authors' power of connection was measured by an author's betweenness centrality.	3
by determining the features of highest priority), but through the outcomes of that work they both enact and distribute a particular conception of what research is.	5
Verifying the identities of nucleotide sequences published in Molecular Cancer has shown that 10–38% of all original Molecular Cancer papers published in 2014, 2016, 2018, and 2020 papers described wrongly identified nucleotide sequence(s).	5
Note that most of the citations of these sample articles came from full-text articles (with cited references) available free on the Web.	0
Factors felt to be most significant for academic success included mentorship, perseverance, and protected time.	4
The 6-month mean difference in Mendeley reader counts (that is, saves) for articles randomized to TrendMD versus control was also a secondary outcome.	3
Downloaded from jme.bmj.com on August 28, 2014 - Published by group.bmj.com	0
Using the keyword ankle arthroscopy, the 100 most cited articles in the Web of Science database were analyzed.	2
Therefore, to introduce a novel approach to standardize JIF and offer diverse options for evaluating academic journals across various disciplines, this study addresses the significant limitations of the impact factor.	1
We applied a GT approach (Charmaz, 2014), which is a research method concerned with the generation of theory, grounded in data that has been systematically collected and analysed.	3
Pain research publications from Africa should be encouraged.	5
NVivo software was used for systematic coding of the interviews with the help of nodes derived from the conceptual framework.	3
There was little disagreement among participants regarding the importance of the JIF to publishers.	4
The most published country is the United States, with 381 publications since 1992.	4
The average number of annual home run publications also falls by 30 percent over the two years following tenure, but falls by an additional 35 percent over the subsequent eight years.	4
DOAJ continuously publishes journal level metadata [18] that can be downloaded in a CSV format; this is the data used for this analysis.	2
By contrast, the connected applicants did seem to publish more often in high-impact journals and had more collaborations with researchers from high-ranking institutions.	4
Thus, a lack of experimental evidence may do more than just slow down scientific progress: It may allow worse theories to prevail over better ones.	5
The h-index increment per year was calculated by dividing the h-index by the number of years since the physician's first publication.	3
To determine whether subject encyclopedias are used in research, a citation analysis study was conducted using two of the best-known subject encyclopedias relevant to chemists and chemical engineers: the Kirk-Othmer Encyclopedia of Chemical Technology and Ullmann's Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry.	1
What patterns of collaboration between basic, clinical, or translational science researchers exist?	1
2020a, b, c) as of 23 October 2020 (Appendix 2).	2
The results suggest that authorship experience (number of publications) is less important than average impact (citations per paper for the authors) for getting an article in a higher impact journal, irrespective of whether the first author or team is considered.	4
A total of 24,783 items were published and cited 476,002 times.	4
From the perspective of the number of articles, amongst the 2,527 articles in the current dataset, 960 of them are co-authored (38%) and 244 articles have been co-authored internationally (i.e.	4
In total, 496 articles were found; of these, 311 (62.7%) were observational studies, 167 (33.7%) were experimental, and 16 (3.2%) were secondary analyses.	4
Special thanks to Ed Hackett and an anonymous reviewer for the comments on the submitted manuscript.	0
Data in Figure 1 are derived from USPTO statistics, whereas data in Figure 2 are retrieved from web-version of USPTO database.)	0
3 School of Information and Computer Science, Georgia Institute of Technology.	0
We suggest that the Higher Education Commission (HEC), Pakistan should establish a more centralized research online network for researchers to submit published research articles and work, which then need to be scrutinized by a team of credible researchers and experts before any decisions on promotions are made.	5
Because of the comprehensive and multidimensional characteristics, Zas index has the strongest ranking ability in the evaluation of talents, and it is expected to be used in the actual evaluation.	5
Among all the document types, articles, letters, notes, editorial materials and reviews constituted the most important channel of communication.	2
This paper also investigated the Blondel community division of the network containing the giant component, and divided the giant component into 514 communities with each focusing on different subject, including 22 communities consisting of over 50 institutions.	3
The q2 index, which considers both the number of papers (h index) and the median number of citations (m index) in the h core (see details at Cabrerizo et al.	3
We find the relationship between peer selection and being highly cited is negligible.	5
The bibliometric analysis was based on searches for research articles constructed in PubMed and run in September 2011 for Uganda and April 2012 for Kenya, and were initially inclusive of all articles until the present.	2
In response, this study aims to reveal the multidisciplinary nature of TM by addressing the following two questions: (1) What disciplines have contributed to TM and to what disciplines TM has contributed?	1
Funding strategies that specifically target methodological rigour, on the other hand, can have very important consequences for the future of science, even in the face of career incentives for publication at the levels of hiring and promotion.	5
Spearman correlation tests were used to assess the extent of the agreement between various indicators and Amazon metrics (Tables 2–4).	3
The analysis is based on a mixed methods approach that combines three components: a bibliometric analysis of the Diamond OA landscape, a survey with a selected sample of editors of 20 Diamond OA journals and semi-structured expert interviews with the same group of editors.	3
In this study, we investigated the associations of two national culture models with citation impact of nations (measured by the proportion of papers belonging to the 10% and 1 % most cited papers in the corresponding fields, PPtop10% and PPtop 1%).	1
The result reveals that 80 per cent of the lecturers are yet to come to full agreement regarding the establishment of an IR, and 80 per cent of the responses were of the opinion that lecturers are reluctant to submit their works in IR, whilst 80 per cent disagreed on the idea of publishing either their preprint or post-print work on IR, respectively.	4
Here, I address this issue by conducting a series of group sessions with researchers in two different countries with different degrees of com-petition for funding, from three scientific fields (medical sciences, natural sciences, humanities), and in two different career stages (permanent versus temporary employment).	1
Similarly, a low relationship between the IF contributing publications and the highly cited publications was also found.	4
Q2: How do funding patterns differ depending on NCI involvement and cross-national co-funding?	1
The corresponding figures for HIC and HMIC were 0.074/100,000 and 0.004/100,000, respectively.	0
That is not to imply or suggest that JIF has no informational value.	0
Additionally, we find that citation impact is positively related to funding variety and negatively related with funding intensity.	4
These were then collated and compiled into a corpus using Sketch Engine with 699,738 words.	2
These traits can be related to the legacy of the Córdoba Reform and the prevalence of a traditional institutional governance.	4
There were 73 articles (19.4%; 95% confidence interval [95%CI], 15.2%-23.5%) with at least 1 EC.	4
Then we used AP clustering for the matrix S?	3
It was like walking through a museum of physics and spectroscopy.	0
Filtering out non-research articles returned 3,023 articles published from 1979 through 2014, a total of 35 years.	2
The Japanese contribution in the nanotechnology field was substantial (41%), comparable to the United States, in the early 1990s, and then it slowly declined to around 25% in 2005–2009.	5
Moreover, we find that OARE membership eases the access to scientific content for researchers in developing countries, leading to an increase in the number of references by 8.4% with confidence interval (5.6%, 11.2%) and the number of OARE references by 14.5% with confidence interval (7.5%, 21.5%).	4
Secondly, 62% of the words of the reference text are present in the questioned text.	4
(6), the acknowledged citation matrix a(k,l) shown in Table 4 is generated:	0
Table 4 reports the results using generalized least squares and focuses on individual characteristics.	3
Based on information found on journal websites and SHERPA-ROMEO, we classified each journal as either open access, closed access, or hybrid.	3
2.71; Exp(b)=0.86, 95% CI [0.76, 0.96]) and citation (b=?	4
This is a quantitative study, and we elicit responses from 150 journal editors, who attended the launching of a national journal citation system organized by the Ministry of Higher Education Malaysia in June 2012.	2
Key findings from this research include the disproportionate rate of retracted articles due to ethical misconduct, the lack of a comparison or control group in majority of retracted articles, a notable increase in the volume of retractions over the past decade, and finally the need for consistent adoption of ethical publishing guidelines.	5
To measure federally funded grants for program participants during and after the K12 program, we determined participant NIH identifications and located all grants for these individuals as principal investigator or coprincipal investigator from the publicly available NIH ExPORTER data set.	2
The median time between the preprint publication and the journal article publication was 60 days (IQR: 25-82.25 days) (Fig.	4
Data were collected from ISI web of science (Science Edition) from 2010 through 2015 and were used to evaluate PIT’s journal impact using both yearly and 5-year estimates.	2
In the non-COVID-19-related articles (1161), maximum were original articles 276 (23.77%), followed by case reports 179 (15.41%), photo assays 157 (13.52%), and commentaries 141 (12.14%).	4
This article demonstrates how science and technology policy can have an 'endorsement effect' that legitimizes and increases the salience of scientific research areas.	1
We used the April 2012 version of PATSTAT to collect the relevant patent data.	2
Journals at the top of the table are more likely to have a strong subject connection to the journal identified at the top of the page than journals at the bottom of the table.	0
That is, as disciplinary diversity increases, research results improve until multidisciplinarity reaches an optimum level, at which point the researchers' performance decreases.	5
The main purpose of this short communication is to identify and analyze retracted editorials in the biomedical literature.	1
(7) What are some of the key topics of interest in the field?	1
Effective size, efficiency, constraint, and hierarchy are the measures of structural holes.	3
Of the 390 writings, 184 are research articles, which means he contributed about three papers per year consistently over hisentire career period.	4
This study conducted a bibliometric analysis focused on collaboration patterns and topics represented on taekwondo articles published on Web of Science until 2016.	1
The remaining weakest indicators with almost all zeros (Policy, Patent, Videos etc.)	0
Another advantage of establishing a link between international collaboration and international trade is to be able to adopt the theory in one field to the other field.	5
The CiteSpace II report revealed that 107,494 different references were used in the analyzed articles dealing with food industry by-products, out of which: 81,282 scientific articles (Article; Article, Book Chapter; Article, Early Access; Article, Proceedings Paper; Article, Retracted Publication), 92 Notes, 460 Proceedings Papers, 20,102 reviews (Review; Review; Early Access); 341 references were classified as “anonymous”.	4
Our results suggest projects with more authors will include more research contributors on authorship lists, leading to more specialist authors and fewer nonauthor collaborators (less stingy author lists).	5
Which metadata elements do researchers currently use in their RIMS (i.e.	1
Second, we determined the percentage of SSH journal articles indexed in WoS out of all articles registered in national databases (coverage).	3
Fourth, topic popularity can impact the influence of the corresponding author on team performance.	4
In this paper, we follow the principles of the recent f2-methodology.	3
Drawing on this, this study examines whether men and women in academia benefit differently from their scholarly publications, signaling factors such as academic awards, institutional prestige or social capital when trying to get their first tenured professorship.	1
In this article, we have proposed two different year based indicators named year based EM-index and year based EM'-index with three different parameters such as total number of publications, publication year citation count and citation count earned in a particular year.	5
The present study is scientometric analysis of diabetes research articles among Middle East countries from 1990 to 2012.	2
So despite every reasonable effort being made to verify the data collected, because the researcher was not authorized to actually access databases at the libraries studied, it is impossible to definitively verify the actual presence, absence, or correct naming of a database.	0
However, we also find a positive moderating effect of funding, which indicates a positive function of funding as an instrument to motivate explorative research, i.e., the acquisition of funding mitigates the negative effect of distant collaborations on novelty.	5
The number of articles contributed by AP researchers significantly increased from 58 to 205 in the twelve selected journals during the period 2002–2011.	4
Table 2 reports that when lead articles are compared to all other articles in the same journal, the lead articles have more citations for every one of the top four finance journals.	4
As a result; we obtained a total of 2,914 stem cell patents granted between 1996 and 2009 in South Korea.	2
To define effective ethical indicators, these activities should be further characterised as the dimensions of an ethical ranking system.	3
We end our paper by drawing conclusions and lessons (Section 6).	0
We employed the Kruskal-Wallis Test to examine how balkanization indices changed across three stages of the Information Age.	3
Each research topic co-assignment was imported into the Gephi (2015) graph-drawing application in order to generate a visual map of the LIS PhD research topics, where research topics are nodes drawn as coloured circles and topic co-occurrences form edges (i.e.	3
We remind the reader that in the above and the following equations j = j(i, t), i.e.	0
Third, awards have geographical coverage implications for rankings.	4
Our sources differ in scope and domain, but we consistently observe that over the past 60 years, larger teams produce articles, patents and software with a disruption score that markedly and monotonically declines with each additional team member (Fig.	4
Combining our different maps, we can summarize the state of the art in the calmodulin field, the six publications to read for the beginners in the field and the putative trends (Fig.	5
Articles, editorial materials, and news items were the top three document types among the WoSCC-indexed publications as anonymous.	4
Co-authorship index was used to determine level of collaboration in the publication of Lassa fever related documents.	3
Agreement between the coders was verified using The Kappa coefficient (k).	3
We consider an applicant to be internal when he or she either was previously employed as a teacher in the district (e.g., at a different school, different position or in a different time period) or had completed his or her student teaching (part of teacher training) in the district.	2
is the number of publications in the year "i-1".	3
But I wouldn't say that the risk is more or less than that in other lines of work.	0
However, ethical evaluations are neglected in all the present ranking systems.	5
The main subjects behind the retrieved data have been identified, namely, chemistry, biology and environmental sciences.	4
These variations have been described in (Ibekwe-SanJuan, 1998), we will recall them briefly here.	0
The analysis employs the Two-Stage Residual Inclusion (2SRI) framework to handle endogeneity in individual productivity relative to the quality of co-authors.	3
The strength of WebQEM is using a quantitative method for assessing the quality of web sites and using a systematic and stepwise manner for evaluating web sites.	5
Our results show that the ranks of authors vary widely with different weighting schemes that favor or are biased against common citation impact patterns-substantiated, applied, or noted.	4
Due to plagiarism and data-related issues, the majority of the editorial articles were retracted.	4
In each such case, I verified whether the appropriate document type was indicated.	3
For this, bibliographic data were collected from the web version of SCI publications, the Web of Science, for papers published in the last 10 years in the three countries, and then the data were verified for three specific years 2006, 2008, and 2010 and three large S&T fields (natural science, life sciences, engineering).	2
For the purposes of this study, a post-retraction citation was defined as any publication that referenced a retracted study for which the date of submission was after the date of retraction notice publication.	3
During the coding phase, we employed a simplified yes/no dichotomous markup to record the content, followed by separate labeling of the website's marked content.	3
CPI, FCPI and DCPI generally follow the long tail distribution.	4
Additionally, a substantial percentage (67.3%) stated they currently had data or material ready for publishing a scientific manuscript.	4
Next, we plotted the straight line y = x to obtain the group’s hjif-index as the JIF corresponding to the journal immediately above the straight line.	3
For the latest information about departments of internal medicine, please visit APM's website at www.im.org/APM.	0
It is also easier to view the detail structure of a small database.	0
Finally, word frequency analysis was carried out on tweets in order to find out the topics of the articles which attracted altmetric mentions in each discipline.	3
We apply the CoP model by using keyword analysis of abstracts from scientific publications to analyze the research outputs of the NACP in terms of its knowledge domain.	3
Table 2: Malaysian Journals Covered in DOAJ and Their Overlaps with WoS, Scopus and MyCite	0
Feminist scholars are poised to advance the contemporary debates on the politics of the language of academic publishing, and explore ways that a decolonized, inclusive approach could benefit knowledge on a global scale.	1
If a journal belongs to more than one category, the best ranked data have been used.	0
They may also include articles added for training purposes rather than exclusively papers that they intend to read.	0
The objectives were to evaluate implementation progress of the BMHS and compare the equalization differences among different regions in China.	1
By employing threshold at 15 times, which reflects the minimum numbers of citations of a cited reference should be 15, we got a set of 75 references that are used for co-citation analysis of cited references.	3
a Values are estimated exponent + 1 to compensate for decrease in linear regression on complementary cumulative distribution functions (CCDFs).	0
I spent time with researchers at the bench as they prepared and conducted experimental work, sat with them at their desks as they “ran” computational simulations, or shared lunch and coffee breaks with members of the teams.	3
Guideline expert interviews that were conducted with the editors of the sample are the third component of the methodological design.	3
the field-normalized impact factor of the hosting journal.	3
All students received a different version of the exam (different component values), so copying from another student became impossible.	3
A normalized co-word network using the keywords co-occurrence is built.	3
All abstracts for full-length articles were analysed to identify the level of scientific evidence of each article and graded according to the Oxford Centre for Evidence-based Medicine guidelines [7].	3
Published peer-reviewed article, proceedings paper, editorial material letter, meeting abstract, news item, and note on Vibrio outbreaks globally were searched on the Web of Science (WoS) core collection database on 23/05/2019; 12.08 GMT+2).	2
The two models were run using logistic regression, due to the dichotomous nature of the dependent variables.	3
As a first step, we find the unadjusted number of publications for each professor.	3
Based on mapping, this study identifies six major clusters of TQM medical research, discovers that quality management and TQM implementation are the main topics that have already been studied, and finds that the latest focus is on hospital quality management models such as EFQM and indicator systems, which may also shift to research on quality climate researches.	5
The third section compares the development of economics pub- lications in Slovakia and neighboring transition countries.	0
As determined by the area under the ROC curve (AUC), the network centrality model can differentiate between a randomly selected future INFORMS fellow and non-INFORMS fellow 97% of the time using publication data from their first five years of publication, improving over the 82% performance of the baseline model (95% CI for improvement 13%–15%) and the 94% performance of the four-metric model (95% CI for improvement 1%–4%).	4
MedlineR specifically matches PMIDs from Medline/ PubMed with UTs from WoS.	5
It covers all the articles, reviews and letters within a known discipline for the period 1999–2011.	2
Round 3) wherein the views expressed by the authors in Rounds 1 and 2 are outlined in a list.	3
JSTOR is a not-for-profit service that helps scholars, researchers, and students discover, use, and build upon a wide range of content in a trusted digital archive.	0
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm	0
There are 24 JCR groups (about 14 % in the whole set) in which no journal changed its rank order when we computed JIF1.	4
Rank Order of Sample Journals Based on Mean Citation Rate, 1981-1986	0
Across all of the data sets, the results empirically supported the tilted funnel hypothesis, and therefore the results provided further evidence of the utility of the equal odds baseline.	4
How does the availability of items from different types of OA repositories affect citation counts?	1
The dataset used in the current paper is described in "Dataset"section.	0
In contrast, Europe has experienced a decline from 34.5% in 2017 to 30.4% in 2023, and the USA's share has decreased from 26.8% in 2017 to 22.6% in 2023.	4
1Department of Management of Complex Systems, Ernest and Julio Gallo Management Program,	0
The national research was conducted mainly by public institutions of teaching and research, particularly EMBRAPA, followed by USP and UNESP.	5
For the calculation of conference proceeding resubmission, the first publication has to fulfil our definition of “conference proceedings” as given above and the second publication must correspond to a “journal publication".	3
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Quite the contrary, Swedish and Finish firms have a significantly lower grant size than Norwegian firms.	4
The overall estimated recall and precision were 92.2% and 93.2% for the first author’s manual checks and 91.3% and 95.6% for the independent checker (Table 2), suggesting that the automatic method gives high accuracy and coverage (over 90%).	4
Notes: numbers in the parenthesis are the corresponding proportions; the numbers in the fourth and fifth row refer to the proportion of cited and highly cited papers, respectively.	0
Copyright of Online Information Review is the property of Emerald Group Publishing Limited and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder’s express written permission.	0
The key finding from the study is that without movement from the vendors on individual list prices, a consortia-negotiated Big Deal continues to represent the best value for a comprehensive suite of content.	5
The results in Table 3 also reveal that the average citation rates decline over time in most cases, as the citation window gets smaller.	0
The matrix format of the HITS algorithm (Kleinberg 1999) is combined with PageRank algorithm to iterate and obtain the final prestige value of journals.	3
For this analysis, we limit responses to those in universities and hospitals (N = 1,643).	2
The data were extracted from the Thomson Reuters Web of Science database in February 2013, using a search that combined the principal terms related to the subject.	2
The authors' keywords and keywords plus from WoS and authors' keywords and index keywords from Scopus were jointly used to build the different diagrams and networks.	2
Indicators based on the average number of citations per publication (JIF and IPP) seem to be more sensitive to the coverage expansion and they showed the largest relative increase.	4
There is also a short-term asymmetry: diffusion of recent knowledge is affected more by the immigration policy of a knowledge-exporter rather than a knowledge-importer.	4
Focusing on degrees higher than the PhD, we analyzed over 12,500 habilitation (= higher doctorate) and over 3,000 professorship applications, extracting personal data on academic promotion panel membership along with official roles on the panels.	1
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
Our results reveal that male-dominated teams have more senior researchers and larger career age differences than female-dominated teams.	4
The details of all data and methods used are given in Supplementary Note 1.	0
2 Network obtained from the sentence "Advances in the analysis of complex networks provide useful new approaches to understanding many properties of brain networks"	0
The first area of research revolves around pharmacogenetics, which delves into how genetic variations influence a patient's response to chemotherapeutic drugs used in colorectal cancer treatment [8,9].	5
However, scientists who are internationally mobile have a more diverse knowledge base in terms of references and abstract terms used than scientists who were not abroad.	4
We also examined whether facility average scale scores varied across QI-receptivity strata, using analysis of variance, and whether survey response rates were correlated with the observed facility average climate scores to assess possible sampling and response biases.	3
Table 8 Correlates of the online video impact at video level	0
However, NMS recipients had more research influence than did non-NMS recipients.	5
The present study supports the use of longitudinal SC 'exposure' models for both research-experienced and research-na?ve medical students that lead to careers in academic health centers.	5
The adjusted R-squared value of this model is 0.451, which suggests that this model is able to explain 45.1% of the variance in the data.	4
The USA, France and the UK are the main collaborating partners, which produce many more publications with authors from Africa than other countries do.	4
Previous assessments of radiation oncology resident productivity have limited focus upon numbers of first-authored abstracts and publications alone [18].	5
Again, drawing on cooperative game theory, we proved that when citation relationships between academic papers function within a citation structure, the result is social impact instead of individual impact.	5
The top three factors cited by respondents are insufficient understanding of academic ethical norms and a lack of personal integrity awareness, inadequate personal research capabilities coupled with excessive pressure, and the influence of societal utilitarian factors.	5
Population data were retrieved from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) for every year [3].	2
For the USA, we divided up the “Rest of the World” into six groups: Africa (AFR), China (CHI) including both the People's Republic and Taiwan; East Asia (EAS) comprising mainly Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and VietNam; Japan (JAP), South Korea (KOR); South Asia (SAS), comprising Bangladesh, India, Pakistan and Sri Lanka; and Other countries (OTH).	3
The effect of additional citations on the internal structure of rankings in JCR groups increased with the number of citations added.	4
We can also observe high correlation of ICP with TC and HiCPindicating the impact of international collaboration on citation impact[12].	4
The sample was obtained by Jones and Weinberg (2011) and is based on publicly available data provided by the Nobel Foundation's official website (nobelprize.org).	2
The data were obtained from Scopus, one of the most used databases by researchers pursuing bibliometric analysis.	2
This research develops a conceptual analysis of CI in literature by quantifying the bibliometric performance indicators, identifying the main authors, countries, journals and research areas and evaluating the intellectual structure and evolution of the discipline using SciMAT as bibliometric analysis software.	1
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Comparisons of responding and nonresponding institutions were made using 2×2 chi-square analysis for dichotomous variables with a p value of <0.05 considered significant.	3
Particularly, with these tools we intend to answer three questions: Is it possible to compare the two networks (papers and projects), from a quantitative point of view?	1
These factors can be computed from the numbers in Table A2, but the more explicit table makes it easier.	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at	0
Actually, Perry and Reny also undertake some empirical studies, based on a dataset constructed by Ellison (2013).	2
Significant negative correlations were found between lab research ethics climate and QRPs as well as moral disengagement.	4
The third, substantially enhanced version of the web application visualizes institutional performance as ranking lists and on custom tile-based maps.	5
For the empirical analysis, I used ISBNs sourced from national research assessments: 38,050 ISBNs from the UK's (https://www.ref.ac.uk/2014) and REF 2021 (https://results2021.ref.ac.uk/) (Dagien?, 2023c) and 5199 ISBNs from Lithuania's annual assessments (Dagien?, 2023b).	2
Furthermore, we find that the higher the impact inequality of a discipline, the lower its ranking mobility, a finding that is reminiscent of empirical observations made in the Social Sciences that wealth inequality and social mobility tend to be negatively correlated, and which has numerous implications for academic policymaking.	5
Table 1 Number of tweets for each twitterer (arranged in alphabetical order) during the year 2013	0
The overall approach to the study was a postmodern, mixed-methods approach, which is a sequential exploratory strategy involving a combination of qualitative analyses in the first phase (Study 1) and a quantitative analysis in the second phase (Study 2).	3
We performed univariable and multivariable logistic regression analyses to identify article characteristics associated with high CPY (defined as articles with CPY ≥90th centile of the entire cohort).	3
The bibliometric data was obtained from the online version of the 2011 Journal Citation Reports (JCR) during the first week of May 2013.	2
Previous research has highlighted how the REF2014 evaluation outcomes for the Impact criterion were heavily skewed towards the upper (four-star) end of the scale, especially when compared to the evaluation of outputs (Derrick 2018; Manville et al.	4
The Big Data case presents particular challenges as an emerging technology with legacy technologies and “multi-use terminology.”	5
To get a more comprehensive picture of the whole process and better distinguish between biased and unbiased paths leading to the editorial decision, we trained a Bayesian network (Friedman, Geiger, & Goldszmidt, 1997) to estimate the probability of a paper rejection on the basis of all the variables previously considered.	3
There were several references provided which were irrelevant to the search, especially in the Web of Science, and of the remaining relevant references, only 9.84% were provided by all three databases.	4
The goal of this paper is not to delve into the heated discussion of the strengths and weakness of journal impact factor and related indicators, but rather to compare journal citation impact with citation sentiment.	1
Finally, since the publication processes of the articles continued in 2022 in the current situation, the articles of 2022 were excluded from the review.	2
This paper aims to utilize a bibliometrics-based analysis to achieve several goals: (1) to highlight the research achievements of successful matriculants in the past year of applications, which may serve as benchmarking tools for current medical students; (2) to identify specific aspects of student research that may translate to success in the match, which may help to guide current students in making career decisions; and (3) to outline potential strategies for improving one's candidacy, which importantly, may translate to more qualified applicants and increased contributions to the neurosurgical literature.	1
For 29 authors—11 of which are considered as young and 18 as established authors—the h values for Scopus and Web of Science (WoS) and the hmen value for Mendeley have been derived.	2
One contributing factor to outcomes could be changes in the inclusiveness of international journals indexed by Thomson Reuters ISI or Scopus in which North Americans are less likely to publish.	0
Therefore, this study takes the subset of East Asian studies books i.e.	1
In Section 4, we give a detailed description of data collection and preprocessing.	0
the data set obtained from GS needed to be subjected to thorough clean-up	0
So virtually all the papers in these two sciences are useful.	5
More precisely, this study attempts to answer the following research questions: (1) What volume of research output has been produced by the G-20 countries during the last 20 years, and how does it relate to their GDP/GERD?	1
The h-index, but not the number of animal behavior papers published by focal researchers, increased with the mean number (but not with the mean proportion) of international co-authors from developed countries, an effect not gender-specific, but that supported the perceived importance of collaborations with peers from developed countries.	4
degree in analytical chemistry at the University of Athens, Greece, in 1990.	0
4 and 5, the OA curve is higher than the Non-OA curve in terms of the cumulative number of countries and geographical H index.	4
The study therefore showed an overview of this scientific community seeking to contribute to a better understanding of its characteristics and specificities.	5
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The outcome of the present study will facilitate higher education institutions and policymakers in taking the electronic examination system to the next level.	5
This study analyzes the status and background of authors publishing in high-impact library science journals.	1
Our aim was therefore to: (1) evaluate the five-year publication rate of podium presentations of SICOT Annual International Conference, (2) to evaluate the consistency of abstracts presented and subsequent consistency with the full peer-reviewed publication and (3) to discuss our findings with other well-known orthopaedic international conferences.	1
This work is supported by the Chinese Academy of Sciences Literature and Information Capacity Building Program, and the Key Research and Development Program of Hubei Province (No.	0
The Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology published by Galenos Publishing House.	0
The United States still plays a more influential role in the global pharmaceutical industry in general compared with the situation of previous timeframes, for example, during 1994-1995 there were 18,328 citing U.S. patents and only 66 citing Chinese patents.	4
Table 3 highlights a tendency for female researchers to co-author with other women, averaging 1.29 female collaborators, as opposed to 0.912 when a male author is first author.	4
We propose to determine the curvature in a graphical demonstration without involving any mathematical task.	3
Replace the citation count c of each article by ln(1 + c).	3
To what extent is the destiny of a scientific paper shaped by the cocitation network in which it is involved?	1
We identify for each team member in each application all her publications in the Web of Science (WoS) in the five years prior to application date.	2
We have used two well-known global metrics in network analysis: density and modularity.	3
Clearly, predatory journals represent a threat to the academic integrity of scientific literature; however, the unscrupulous industry of predatory publishing is persistent.	5
Maximum and minimum spanning trees were used to visualise the interdisciplinary relations.	3
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits use, distribution and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Our findings support the notion that social media have become a new part-alternative, part-additional communication channel in, of and about science that integrates with existing ones, as some of the more recent literature has suggested (Shakeel et al., 2022; Kelly et al., 2016; Costas, 2015).	5
Google Scholar was used to compute a range of academic metrics for each consultant including the h-index, hi-norm, e-index and g-index.	3
It is my expectation that any journal will provide guidelines for reviewers, including: timeline, prominent journal foci to consider general format for the review.	0
The Gini coefficient, a widely used metric to quantify inequality, is calculated to evaluate the distribution of university performance across different regions.	3
Federal research funding received from the Canadian Institutes of Health Research and National Institutes of Health was also obtained.	2
Based on topic space trajectories, we also analyzed topical diversities of venues and their development over time.	5
We take the average Qscore of the scores of the four extensive variables, and then take the product of Qscore individally with the scores of the intensive variables ACPP and CPC.	3
Using a scientometric approach, this work explores correlations between peer-review measures and bibliometric indicators.	1
Over time, is there change in the main individual and contextual drivers of propensity for private sector collaboration?	1
Second-cycle coding was conducted using ChatGPT 3.5, a form of generative AI that can generate and summarize text (ChatGPT, 2023).	3
The example for part 5 is also an example for part 6.	0
This suggests that Mendeley readership counts may be useful impact indicators for both newer and older articles.	5
Discrete and continuous data were displayed as mean ± standard error.	0
by (30), PP(θ?) is a convex function of PP(θ?).	4
We report the conflicting results between the 'relative' and 'absolute' inequality index when applied to the dataset.	4
Many thanks to all the ecologists that took the time to participate in the survey.	0
The author and another researcher (Mikael Laakso) reviewed the websites of the journals in the sample in order to see if the journal converted from subscription to OA.	3
Our dependent variable Yi,t is a measure of the productivity associated with each article i published in year t.	3
Of 139 published manuscripts, 71 (51%) alluded to funding from the authors' own affiliated institutions.	4
The following figures report the distributions (frequencies) of answers to the questions used as dependent variables	0
Kruskal-Wallis H test (1952) detects if n data groups belong or not to the same population.	3
This may sound paradoxical, since the point (or one point) of a communication system is to help us keep our cognitive situations adequate to available information, by making relevant information available to us at appropriate times.	0
Two large databases of different natures were merged: Database I was an official national administrative and biographical reg-ister of all Polish academic scientists; Database II was the Scopus database.	2
We can further extend our list by including some other prestigious finance and business journals, such as Management Science.	0
In the email, we asked the editors to provide us with information about their retraction policies (if any).	3
The publication rate (number of HIV/AIDS research publications per million population in 10 years) and the rate of articles published in HIV/AIDS journals and selected journals with moderate to very high (IF ≥3) 5-year impact factors were used as markers for HIV research productivity.	3
This article does not contain any studies with human participants or their data.	0
The Middle East countries consist of Bahrain, Cyprus, Egypt, Iraq, Iran, Israel, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Palestine, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Turkey, United Arab Emirates (UAE), and Yemen (in alphabetical order).	2
Here I show what careers are behind the 334 SAAs published between 2003 and 2017, what is their impact and the relationship between the impact and careers behind.	1
The majority of OREF resident grant recipients selected an academic career, which was higher than the national benchmark of academic orthopedic surgeons (63.8% vs.	4
The above analysis of 116 scientific conferences suggests that Twitter is used in a quantitatively and qualitatively different manner at conferences devoted to the physics of elementary particles and fields, and to geophysics, astronomy, and astrophysics, than at conferences in other fields of physics.	1
They need to educate and train researchers regarding research misconduct, how it is defined, and what ethical research practice involves, particularly in the case of young researchers.	5
Evaluated performance indicators include cumulative impact factor, number of D1 publications, and number of first/last author D1 publications during the grant running time.	2
First, to identify and extract personal names from the acknowledgements, we utilized the Named Entity Recognition function (NER) in Stanza, a Python natural language analysis package.	3
Notice that India has a substantially higher growth rate in publications for 2006-2016 (red bar) compared to that in the previous decade (blue bar).	4
Using a bibliometric approach, the author conducted an analysis of the quantity, quality and visibility of the publications indexed by Google Scholar.	2
The authors acknowledge Marcia Epelbaum, Elizabeth Frakes, AHIP, Sheila Kusnoor, Patricia Lee, and Helen Naylor for their valuable feedback and contributions to SPI-Hub data entry.	0
We show that depending on these choices, the data can lead to contradictory conclusions with high statistical significance.	4
This result supports the often-disputed validity of the subjective peer assessments of research programs.	5
In addition, a supplement of $21.8 billion was also injected to establish new universities, research labs and scholarship programs for higher education.	0
As shown and expected in Table 5, the hmod index values of all universities (except RU) are increased and the bias towards large universities is eliminated.	4
In each discipline, DOI, PMID and associated altmetric data of articles from all selected journals were first exported from altmetric.com using Altmetric Explorer.	2
In total, 32 in-depth interviews were conducted, which lasted anywhere between 45 and 80 minutes.	2
For surgeons with multiple profiles, total document number and citation number were calculated by summing results of each profile.	3
A zero-inflation based modelling approach helps to overcome this problem of not being able to identify the true identity of a given record as belonging to that of a publishing or non-publishing academic by introducing into the modelling process an underlying process – process Z – that generates two types of zeroes: a structural zero when dealing with a non-publishing academic and a true zero when dealing with a publishing academic.	3
Therefore, the purpose of this study is to present a bibliometric overview of the leading trends of the journal during this period.	1
Gerlind Wallon is at the European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO), Heidelberg, Germany.	0
Thereupon, the motivation of this study is to furnish the business research community with a multidimensional assessment of 47 key business journals using a combination of citation-based methodologies; that by analyzing their citation behavior, we can identify patterns and structural influences of these key business journals in the scientific communication network (Pollock 2009).	1
We retrieved basic preprint metadata (DOIs, titles, abstracts, author names, corresponding author name and institution, dates, versions, licenses, categories, and published article links) for bioRxiv and medRxiv preprints via the bioRxiv Application Programming Interface (API; https://api.biorxiv.org).	2
The aim of this study is to identify and examine the highly cited research papers from India in the SCI- EXPANDED database from 1900 to 2014.	1
More importantly, the shift of CS towards journal driven publication practices, the prevailing academic standard, will make computer scientists more competitive with other well established disciplines.	5
The results of this analysis point out the potentially delusive effect of IF increases gained through effective shrinkage of publication output.	5
See for example anecdotal evidence from Adrian Moore on generalist philosophy and pressure from the REF to focus on narrower specialist topics: https://whatisitliketobeaphilosopher.com/adrian-moore.	0
After then, we use Jaccard index to normalize the value represents the co-occurrences (Leydesdorff 2008).	3
The data in this study were collected from WOS core collection: citation indexes, namely, the Science Citation Index Expanded, the Social Sciences Citation Index, the Conference Proceedings Citation Index – Science, the Conference Proceedings Citation Index – Social Science & Humanities, and the Emerging Sources Citation Index.	2
This study uses the logarithmic transformation of citations (ln (N)) for citations.	3
Country-based similarities in research productivity profiles also appear to be influenced by geographical proximity.	4
We conducted a descriptive, cross-sectional, questionnaire-based survey on experiences from pre-graduate research.	3
Postdocs thus accumulate tokens of employability as a particular form of capital, and it is this capital which is reinvested with every career move, in the hope of increasing returns that may, in turn, be invested in succeeding in the competition for becoming an independent group leader.	4
In the case of duplicates and following a contact with Altmetric.com, we summed all the altmetric scores for the duplicate publications.	0
This research examines the relationship between article length and citations received by articles published in three prominent top biomedical research journals over the lifetime of the journals.	1
What is the IF of the countries studied and how has this evolved over the last 10 years?	1
This separation allows us to examine the results of the preferential attachment rules without confounding these with growth in the number of articles available to receive citations.	1
This research examines how team power dynamics affect team impact to fill the research gap.	1
NR-PCP showed a relatively high coefficient (0.7454), which was higher than that of impact factor (Model 1).	4
Of the ten countries, six in Europe and North America have higher percentages of grant-funded articles in APC OA journals than in subscription journals.	4
With such a wide range of free bibliographic data sources, a critical research problem has emerged: Which is the most suitable free data source for providing PubMed with citation relationships?	1
In these countries, they had well thought out plans to train students at schools and universities.	0
The data contained bibliographic information about 4,466,134 articles from 99,752 journal issues published in 1980–2013 and registered in WoS'SSCI 56 subject categories.	2
The co-authorship network among countries showed three distinctive clusters or subnetworks that include South American nations (Fig.	4
288 The Journal of Academic Librarianship, Volume 34, Number 4, pages 288-294	0
The development of publishing biometrics has become increasingly sophisticated since the journal impact factor was introduced by Eugene Garfield decades ago.	1
The degree of adherence to COPE's retraction guidelines varied (79.8%-100%), and some retractions were inappropriate by COPE standards.	4
To assess the extraction algorithm performance on PDF papers with different citation styles, we collected 4000 papers as a test data set—2000 for each citation style.	2
After retrieving all the published articles of each SEA country and university, the total number of publications per year per country and institution was tallied using Excel spreadsheet.	3
173045, funded by the Ministry of Education, Science and Technological Development of the Republic of Serbia.	0
In this analysis, a method embedded in the social network analysis is used.	3
We ran a number of sensitivity tests to gauge the robustness of our results.	0
We used the 36-item Ethical Climate Questionnaire (ECQ) modified by Cullen et al.	2
Students value convenience over thoroughness in literature searches, so relevant education is needed.	5
This is illustrated by comparing the portfolios of patents granted to two competing firms—Novartis and MSD—in 2016.	1
Which research methods are used for IJLM articles?	1
Librarians have experience evaluating journals and assessing the impact of scholarly works, and the survey revealed that faculty are interested in taking advantage of these skills.	5
A total of 121 respondents completed the questionnaire.	2
Although this study analyzes the features of the network by utilizing the social network analysis approach and studies the mode of interdisciplinary collaboration among scholars, the present findings need to be interpreted with caution due to several limitations.	5
Visualization techniques developed by Leydesdorff (Leydesdorff and Rafols 2012; Leydesdorff, Rafols and Chen 2013) for publication portfolios are applied to understand the interdisciplinarity and distribution of journals in a more intuitive method.	3
Concerning the factors influencing the citation rate, our final model with the variables 2018 Journal CiteScore, kind of the paper, N Max and H Max, explained about 54% of the data variance (Adjusted R2=0.54, df=155, p<2.2e-16) (see in the Table 3, the equation parameters of this model).	4
By 2022, there were 17 CAUL institutions and 36 Jisc institutions signed up, and the proportion of articles from these countries published OA had increased significantly to over 80% in 2022, up from just around 40% in 2019 (see Fig.	4
Table 3 Year in which publications with a given author count first become the majority	0
Clinical studies accounted for the highest proportion of neuropsychiatry research articles published since the new millennium (N=5,097; 68.9%), followed by laboratory studies (N=1,824; 24.7%) and service evaluation, classification, and historical studies (N=474; 6.4%).	4
Concerns about the relatively higher expense of APCs in a hybrid journal compared to an open access journal can be further exacerbated by the perception that publishers offering hybrid open access are “double dipping" – that is, receiving payment to make an article open access and receiving a second payment for the same article in the form of a subscription to the remainder of the journal.	4
The compliance with AMSTAR and adherence to PRISMA checklist were comparable between SR and MA published in OA and non-OA journals (p = 0.6), (p = 0.8), respectively.	4
The authors acknowledge the Indiana University Pervasive Technology Institute for providing the High Performance Computing (Big Red 3, Karst, Carbonate) resources that have contributed to the research results reported within this article.	0
I also argue that it is impossible to tell whether most superstars are in fact competent or lucky, or which group a given superstar belongs to, and hence whether stratification is overall beneficial.	1
For further relevant examples of data at the level of countries see the data presented in the papers of Bayers(2005), Shelton and Holdridge (2004), and Reiss et al (2004).	0
The Collaboration Index (CI)1 value, which expresses the average number of authors in studies with multiple authors, is 3.29.	4
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at The University of lowa Libraries on March 18, 2015	0
Through the analysis of various factors that contribute to the publication speed in anesthesiology journals, we advocate that the option of AOP is a great asset to increase the publication speed.	5
A total of 7,659 Google Code URL citations were extracted from this Scopus data using an application added to the free Webometric Analyst software (http://lexiurl.wlv.ac.uk/, see Citation menu), and manually cleaned.	2
At that point, queries of the websites of individual journals with large numbers of retractions (Table 1, part C) verified that we had identified all retracted articles in them from the data sources consulted.	0
We report results from an international study using Best-Worst Scaling to investigate researchers' journal preferences.	1
The c*-index was again the most powerful predictor of fellowship status, but all five fields were associated with a significantly lower likelihood of fellowship relative to the physical and mathematical sciences.	4
By comparison, the top open-access plastic surgery journals met, on average, 0.25 of the 12 criteria.	4
The number of single-authored publications remains very high (between 80 and 90%) and almost constant for the faculties related to the humanities.	4
Approved the final version of the manuscript on behalf of all authors: Silvestre.	0
The random forest model surpasses in each discipline, where its AUC is larger than 95%.	4
The presented analysis used indicators such as the Y-index which provides deep insight into the features of contribution.	3
In the course of the investigations, it became apparent that it is neither clear what the substance of quality criteria is nor who can provide a proper definition.	5
Hence, this study presents a general bibliometric overview of JIPH since it began being indexed by SCOPUS in 2008.	1
Compared to their US counterparts, Chinese LIS researchers contribute fewer top 1% highly cited publications.	4
Journalism, 56 articles from Mass Communicator, 80 articles from Chinese Journal of Journalism & Communication, and 27 articles from African Journalism Studies.	2
Szilard: "I am going to write down all that is going on these days in the project.	0
1 Paper presented at the Academic Section of the 53rd International Congress of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Tokyo September 10th 1993.	0
Hence our research question is: RQ1: Do articles suffering from delayed recognition exist which are also under-cited influential?	1
The citation count of each article was searched using the “cited reference search” utility of the Web of Science (Clarivate Analytics, Philadelphia, PA, USA), a multidisciplinary database that provides the most relevant bibliometric information about published scientific articles for analyzing citation counts.	2
Graduate School of Library & Information Science, University of Washington, 133 Suzzallo Library, Box 352930, Seattle, WA 98195-2930.	0
To avoid the common issue of stagnation in repository growth and content recruitment, ZU Library decided to introduce a semi-automated workflow for content harvesting early on.	1
The study represents the scientometric analysis to measure the qualitative and quantitative aspects of water quality research in India.	1
In this study, keywords from journal articles were used as the source of data.	2
Second, a wide range of research topics can be categorized as linked to standard neoclassic topics, confirming that these are dominating scientific discourse (e.g.	4
System-level changes are necessary to elimi-nate questionable journals and shift high-quality research into reputable venues.	5
Correlation coefficients were computed for each pair of IF, EF, and AIS and every year.	3
In this paper we extend the perspective of the scholarly impact from the traditional citations to other forms of scientific communication among scholars in the mirror of the PlumX and Web of Science (WoS) data.	1
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=sfor20	0
In the GGC analysis, we employed IBM Content Analytics for web crawling (along with some custom Java code).	3
The study confirms the pivotal role of international collaboration in research impact and highlights the significance of network building.	5
The study revealed gradual growth in research productivity at TU-K.	4
If this location is the same as that you took the DOI from, it is undoubtedly real.	4
Journals that coincidentally appeared between the 2007 and 2013 in the JCR Science Editions were included.	2
The figure also shows that, 29 authors formed this network with a density of 0.75.	4
Letters, notes, articles in press, editorials, short surveys, erratum and books, account for 4%.	0
To this end, we reconstruct the goals and instruments of science policy in Poland and analyse the data from the Polish research evaluation system in the period 2009–2016 in all fields of science.	1
This method is not unusual since studies have sought to understand trends by identifying opinion leaders in a field to augment findings of surveys, etc.	0
Here, we provide additional analysis, drawing on survey data provided by 64.1% of alumni (75.9% of alumni with valid email addresses), plus program-supplied current workplace data for survey nonresponders to examine the relationships between medical specialty choices, training duration, research effort, and success in obtaining research funding.	1
Scientific papers to be analyzed were selected from the field of hydrogen battery vehicles.	2
An online survey (active March-April 2019) was distributed by email to UK and international health and health-related funding organisations (e.g., biomedical and social), and was publicised on social media.	2
We can categorize technological combinations as 'narrow' or 'broad', in effect operationalizing a notion of 'technological distance', by relying on the basic feature of the USPTO classification scheme.	3
Looking at faculty with PhDs before 2007, we regressed the number of publications in 2007–2011 on the number of years since PhD at the end of that period.	3
Question 3: Is such measure applicable soon after project completing?	1
Recounting the outcomes of our team's nearly six-year journey through preprint publishing, we show evidence that preprinting research substantially benefits both early career and senior researchers in today's highly interdisciplinary chemical research.	1
La investigación es, sin duda, una actividad fundamental pero su evaluación no puede extrapolarse al desempe?o completo de la universidad en todas sus misiones.	5
In the next paragraphs after a very brief introduction to topic detection methods of analysis which are well known in the SR field, we deepen some key concepts of SNA.	0
We assessed our methodology using two extensive data- sets sourced from DBLP and arXiv.	2
Our measure for social proximity, log_PrevExperience, is positively related to the amount of collaboration among country pairs.	4
In order to discover whether or not there may be any disciplinary differences in local faculty download or authorship behaviours, or patterns of external citing by their peers, 12 subjects were chosen from four major disciplinary areas as defined by U-MN Libraries' organizational structure.	2
Key words included "lung cancer screening”, “pulmonary cancer screening", "lung carcinoma screening”, and “pulmonary carcinoma screening”, with no limitation on time, abstract availability, study type or research subjects.	2
Consequently, using data based on all 2021 paid-up members of the Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology (SIOP) who listed academia as their primary work sector, and restricting it to only those in research-focused positions, an objective of the present study is to provide normative scholarly impact data across multiple metrics for these industrial-organizational (I-O) psychologists.	1
The most central disciplines were psychiatry and clinical psychology (Fig.	4
In this paper we have shown how scientists' research problem choices can be detected with a machine learning approach.	5
Díez is Assistant Professor at the Department of Library and Information Science at the University of León, Spain; e-mail: luisa.alvite@unileon.es.	0
A total of 33,285 Weibo posts were collected, with more information displayed in Fig.	2
In addition to the time required to obtain the data for submission, the review process itself typically adds new demands for more data before the work can be officially accepted for publication.	5
The median for each group is represented by the horizontal line.	0
The purpose of the deep learning model for prediction of future growth potential is to predict whether a technology cluster will grow after 7 years (2024) based on two years’ worth (2016-2017) of various meta-knowledge (again: citations, abstracts, area codes) extracted from research papers.	2
Compared to other fields, Implantology articles received lower Altmetric scores, noting an area of improvement.	5
The Bonferroni multiple comparison tests showed that the mean score for publication fraud was significantly lower in the natural sciences when compared to the applied sciences.	4
To measure the split of sociologists between those oriented toward a global science and those oriented to national research, we use several survey items which were developed in the study of Russian sociologists (Sokolov, 2019).	3
The parameter δ therefore corresponds to the degradation or decay in the quality of information as it is passed through more steps before reaching the individual.	3
The aim of the paper is to study the possible influence of chairpersons.	1
The European Commission is currently involved in the implementation of a new higher education ranking methodology, characterised by taking into account a diversity of missions and the diversity of existing higher education institutions.	1
Our strongest and most robust result is that articles that present a new method are significantly more disruptive than those that do not, supporting Hypothesis 3.	4
The monthly data was analyzed and COVID-19 articles were assessed for subspecialty-wise distribution, number of citations, monthly growth rate, and their impact on ophthalmic literature.	3
Eligibility focused on RACS research scholarship recipients in 2015 (n = 20).	2
HSR&D CDAs had a higher mean number of major journal articles than NIH K awardees from FY1991–2010.	4
Twenty years of data for an unbalanced panel of 166 communications services firms and 449 electronics firms was taken from the Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science (2017) and BvD Osiris (Bureau van Dijk 2016), a database containing financial information about globally listed public companies.	2
(4) Coupling index and carbon emissions exhibit a notable spatial autocorrelation.	4
The method is demonstrated using h-index, AWCR-index, g-index, and e-index data from journals in Accounting, Economics, and Finance.	3
The survey imposed the three elements of logic models onto five hypothetical descriptions of 'impactful' research initiatives.	3
The most competitive field was Life Sciences that was followed by Natural Sciences (with the exception of Earth Sciences and Geography).	5
This study attempts to automatically establish a narrow sense of knowledge structure in the field of Chinese Library and Information Science (CLIS) using data from CSSCI.	1
Garvey and Griffith's scholarly communication model (Garvey & Griffith, 1971, p.	0
We conclude that opening up peer review reports did not benefit papers in Nature Communications in terms of citations.	5
In the overall network, economics and management as well as library and information science play a prominent role in the exchange related to scientific research.	4
Following keyword analysis, we undertook exploratory searches for a range of search terms related to artificial intelligence, ChatGPT, LLMs, and APTs to determine their presence or absence in the corpus.	3
Our results point out that small teams are more likely to lead to disruptive research (i.e.	5
A strategic diagram is a two-dimensional space built by plotting themes according to their centrality and density, where the abscissa axis represents the centrality, the ordinate axis represents the density, and the origin is denoted by the median or mean value of the two, centrality and density (Callon et al.	3
Our findings suggest that what is considered excellent within interdisciplinary research can potentially lead to remarkable advancements in technological innovation.	5
To evaluate the performance of applied classifiers, the data set is taken from CiteSeer.	2
The most common study design used in clinical articles was non-randomized experimental study (n = 5).	4
Through this analysis, the research offers valuable insights into the publication performance and contributors to the journal impact factor, encompassing papers, authors, institutions, and countries.	1
Using our specific search terms, literature screening identified 14, 227 papers.	2
Next, a series of semi-structured interviews occurred with research centre or group directors in November 2015.	3
Using policy document bibliometrics and social network analysis, we studied the “citing-cited" policy reference relationship to undertake an in-depth characterization of the different stages of education policy and reform since China's economic reform and opening up in 1978.	1
In terms of the distribution of scientific works, it is found that all repositories provide widest access to full text to their users albeit with different policies.	5
For synthetic biology, we used the search strategy formulated by Shapira, Kwon and Youtie (2017) which yielded 7,377 publications.	2
In the 1970 data, English-language and Spanish-language monographs accounted for the same percentage of total references.	4
The main technical software to analyze the social network used in this paper were Pajek, Gephi and VOSviewer.	3
Usage data (abstract views and PDF downloads) were scraped from the bioRxiv and medRxiv public web pages using the rvest package for R [50].	2
The results of a qualitative analysis of interviews with artists-academics (N = 67) and Joint Correspondence Analysis show that when art is evaluated in the context of academic research, both the traditional indicators of artistic quality as well as the cognitive and research-related aspects of the arts are believed to be significant.	3
Computer science authors are selected from Scopus by analyzing author records and exploiting the frequency vector of Scopus subject areas present in such records.	2
School of Health and Sport Sciences, University of the Sunshine Coast, 90 Sippy Downs Drive, Sippy Downs, Queensland 4556, Australia	0
There was no available information about the possible existence of APC for 58 journals.	0
A change from zero availability of additional copies of an item from disciplinary repositories to having at least 1 additional copy available is correlated with a higher average citation rate of 3.27 citations per year (t=29.236, p<0.001).	4
The decline in duplicate publication rate took place as a result of nationwide campaigns and monitoring by KoreaMed and KoreaMed Synapse, starting from 2006.	5
Knowledge flows are tracked via publication-level citations among economists.	3
The changes in the political economy of science in Africa have had structural effects.	5
To assess the relationship between diversity and performance, average citations were computed by taking the number of citations for each article as provided by Web of Science (collected on 12 June 2016) and dividing them by the number of years since the paper was published, as follows: c?/(2016 – yj), where c?	3
Therefore, we propose an extended citation model for scientific document clustering, which considers frequency and distribution of a scientific document cited in other scientific document, proximity of two scientific documents cited in a scientific document, and scientific documents’ textual similarity.	1
The study uses the Scopus database for obtaining the requisite bibliographic data and applies bibliometrics to answer the research questions.	2
What is the difference in the citation performance of academic books among different fields?	1
The main objectives of the study are defined as follows: a) determination of external factors affecting the performance of the h-index at universities in Ukraine; b) the choice and use of mathematical and statistical methods to determine the degree of influence of these factors; c) replacing the indicator of the h-index with an operational indicator of the publication activity of university teachers and determining the degree of influence of these factors on this indicator; d) formulating conclusions based on the results of the study.	1
We also explored another measure of climate specific for research and academic organizations: organizational climate and research integrity pressures as perceived by early-stage researchers, as a sensitive indicator of the research ethics environment at their workplace (Gaddis et al.	1
Determinants of institutional reputation in the field of Economics and Business Administration (basic model)	0
Research has entered a 'Fourth Age': the leading edge of scientific discovery is now in the realm of international collaboration networks rather than individuals, institutions or nations.	1
To analyze bibliometrics, characteristics and the risk of bias of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on dental implants published in six high-impact factor journals and to identify factors contributing to citation number.	1
The present data reveals a good contribution of some Arab countries to the field of "urology and nephrology".	5
The content is solely the responsibility of the authors and does not necessarily represent the official views of the National Institutes of Health.	0
Following Vinokurova and Kapoor (2020), this step involved the establishment of validity (i.e., the reliability of the document) and credibility (i.e., the time and source of the document) of the sources of data.	3
These questions are not easily answered, and opinions vary by field, assessment body, and institutional mission.	0
The study looked at publishing trends, research dispersion, authorship patterns, and citation networks, and the findings demonstrated a significant increase in the body of scholarly literature on FAW.	1
Specifically, the matrix of author ranks in the different rankings was read into SPSS (version 21) and analyzed by SPSS’s Factor Analysis routine.	3
The results suggest teamwork coaching mediates (ACME) awarded proposal outcomes, p<.05, while the positive, direct association (ADE) between the number of proposal contributors and awarded outcomes is not statistically significant, thus lending support for H3.	4
A key feature of the final HUANG search (rightmost column of Table 5) is the inclusion of conference papers and proceedings.	4
While CPBF is premised on the partial separation of academic labour from the objective conditions of production, it both reproduces and deepens that split.	4
The results also show that most of the above-mentioned documents refer to humanistic psychology waves in the history of psychology, so we can say that the start of positive psychology dates back to humanistic psychology.	5
The impact of economic outcome on national academic productivity was also investigated.	1
As hypothesized, the lowest percentage of third-party funding led to the highest PR values.	4
Our findings suggest that there is demand for greater access to education research; this implies that there is a need for new structures or systems to make education research more available, particularly to individuals at institutions that do not have paid subscriptions to large numbers of academic journals.	5
What is the structural pattern of the network of internationally co-authored Science Citation Index (SCI) research articles in the research domain driven by cancer?	1
Six of 7 methodological and 3/4 ethical quality items significantly improved over time.	4
To identify actor-level aptitudes and experiences, we used data from an Academic Survey conducted by Insightrix Research (2011).	2
During the 18-year study period the share of authors from the academic sector rose from 12.3% in 1998 to 70.8% in 2015, which corresponds to an inverse evolution in the participation of practitioners, from 87.7% in 1998 to 29.2% in 2015 (Figure 4).	4
A significant portion of the research documents are published in the subject domain of medicine (49.70%), followed by immunology and microbiology (35.72%), and biochemistry, genetics and molecular biology subject domains (22.32%).	4
Soft Computing is growing significantly during the last years, becoming one of the leading journals in the field.	4
The annual performance ratios in the Nobel Prize citation ranges demonstrated that the United States was ahead of Europe during the whole period, that is, the ratios were greater than 1, with only one exception (Figure 3).	4
Thed van Leeuwen for the bibliometric data analysis in the chemistry research groups' performance study.	0
The data source was the publications reported by institutions to POL-on system for purposes of the parametric evaluation of scientific units made available by the Polish Ministry of Science and Higher Education.	2
We operationalize scientific breakthroughs as papers winning the Nobel Prize in a given field (Physics, Chemistry, Physiology or Medicine, and Economic Sciences).	2
'Obsolescence' and changes in the use of literature with time, Journal of Documentation 30 (3) (1974) 283-350.	0
Under this changed condition, the share of those who maintained their stardom for two periods resulted exactly the same as in Table 1.	0
“Medical rescue” has the highest degree and betweenness centrality, and the lowest closeness centrality.	4
Average faculty performance for a range of common metrics of research publication such as papers, citations and h-index are presented to allow for a comparison of the degree to which the hIa can account for differences in publication patterns and career lengths in the current sample of faculty (N = 474).	2
Citation counts in the subsequent 3 years (i.e., 2015-2017) were retrieved by searching Web-of-Science for the corresponding article.	2
An immediate overhaul of the entire publishing system is urgently needed.	5
In this theoretical article, I engage multidisciplinary literature to reflect on some such oversights pertaining to this aphorism, which is fast becoming a litmus test for academic performance, rather than one element of it.	2
A total of 595 Open Access journals were identified in both data sets and used in this study.	2
Initially we were sceptical about the validity of the idea, and this scepticism was based on several grounds: firstly, patents are taken out for reasons very different from the reasons for publishing journal articles.	0
Readers are invited to send us their views and comments on the paper if and when they would like to do that.	0
However, there is a wide range of countries that perform research in computer science, including South American and Arabic countries, meaning that computer science traverses many countries and cultures.	5
To represent the deposit-to-first publication time distribution, the time differences in days between the date of deposit and the date of first publication were computed for each manuscript considered (restricted to the manuscripts actually published in peer-reviewed journals indexed in PubMed).	3
The results indicate that ī(x, w) is most negatively correlated (r* = ?0.874) with the log(valid rank) column when a* = 0.354.	4
The availability of ORCIDs in PubMed was assessed for categories of article and authors: references were randomly selected from PubMed according to their PubMed identifier (PMID) using a Hypertext Preprocessor language (PHP) function that generates random integers (the PHP random number generation function called mt_rand (min,max), which returns an integer between min and max).	3
University academics of the world who belong to the three subject domains: Social sciences, Technology, and Medicine were selected as the population of this study.	2
Received July 29, 2014; revised September 21, 2014; accepted September 22, 2014	0
However, the fields of Social Sciences, Arts and Humanities are heterogeneous.	5
To map the bibliographic data graphically, this work uses a wide range of indicators including bibliographic coupling [2], co-citation [3], co-occurrence of keywords and collaboration.	3
In each country, over 70% of the respondents are involved simultaneously in both theoretical and applied topics.	0
The results reveal that the number of authors, number of affiliations, and number of countries can only explain less than 1% of the variance in the faculty members' ratings.	4
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
In our future work, we would like to concentrate on the citation analysis of Czech publications indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded in 1993 – 2012, and on the analysis of science in Slovakia in the first twenty years of its independence.	5
Top-ranked MIS journals from the ABDC Journal Quality List of 2013 are selected for examination in this paper.	2
Multilevel linear regression models evaluated the influence of article type, funding, and presence of international collaboration in ACA.	3
Moreover, author citation impact is more important than author productivity.	4
Generally following Larivière et al.'s (2009) approach, we construct a data structure that includes articles published between 1996 and 2014 and citations toward those articles using a series of two-year moving windows from 1996 and 2016.	2
It is not claimed that this scheme provides an accurate representation of the structure of science.	0
The US emerged as the leading LIS research country with 29,349 articles, constituting 38.54% of the total global LIS research output, followed by the UK and China.	4
The correlations are higher in the social sciences (0.522), computer science (0.325), and arts and humanities (0.300) and much lower in chemistry (0.110), physics and astronomy (0.124), and engineering and material sciences (0.200).	4
In this article, we investigate the role of gender in collaboration patterns by analyzing gender-based homophily—the tendency for researchers to co-author with individuals of the same gender.	1
Only research publications were included in the data; editorials, book reviews, and other non-research items were excluded.	2
Data was extracted into Microsoft Excel and analyzed using frequency and percentages, and the results of the findings were presented in tables and charts.	3
The views expressed are those of the author(s) and not necessarily those of the NHS, the NIHR or the Department of Health.	0
A mixed-mode survey approach was selected because of concern with coverage error (Dillman, Smyth, & Christian, 2014).	2
The ‘Category Normalized Citation Impact' (CNCI) and the percentage of publications in the Top 1% and Top 10% most cited publications of the corresponding WoS Category, in the same publication year (percentile scores).	3
Our question is: How does the criterion on which research funds are allocated influence the natural selection of bad science?	1
To assess the effect of author gender on the number of citations obtained by articles published in the 142 journals in the Web of Science dataset, we predicted the number of citations given AuthorGender using a Poisson error distribution.	3
Among the few long-lived groups the longest lifespan is 24 years.	4
Following Dai and Jerath (2016), the reviewer's effort influences the realization of a manuscript's quality as follows.	3
This study aims to fill a void in the bibliometric analysis of research internationalization in the Social Sciences and Humanities (SSH), namely the fact that enlightenment literature has not been studied in this respect.	1
Second, we propose a novel Q seashore walk model.	5
Our results concerning the structure and the dynamics of the international research networks in pharmaceuticals may have important policy implications.	5
The regulations were analyzed for the following target criteria (Figure 1): Publication performance: Number of first/senior authorships, co-authorships, total authorships, and consideration of value; teaching performance: Extent of teaching performance (teaching years/weekly semester hours (SWS)) and possibility of shortening the procedure; consideration of: Appointment as junior professor, patents, acquisition of external funding, medical didactic qualifications, and/or special scientific achievements; review procedure: Formal prerequisites for reviewers and number of reviewers.	3
2018 [9]) and it is used to give an indication of yearly growth (Terekhov 2017 [10]; Choi et al.	3
We used a research classification schema (Takano et al.	3
1) with slope of 3.05, which was significantly different than zero (95% CI 2.09–4.02; p < 0.001).	4
This provides us with a keenly focused picture of recent collaborations between world leading research institutions.	2
We developed and validated a retrospective pre-post questionnaire to tackle the study's aims.	2
The Scopus search was conducted on July 5, 2021.	2
Medical school affiliation, number of fellowship faculty, and the fellowship faculty members' cumulative years of academic career duration were significantly associated with higher numbers of total program citations on univariate analysis.	4
The publication list and citation data for 20 present members of the Uncertainty Decision-Making Laboratory in Sichuan University and Uncertainty Theory Laboratory in Tsinghua University were collected in 2012 from the Thomson Reuters ISI WOS database.	2
Authors from some geographic areas of the world are significantly under-represented.	5
Also, most of these fall into three categories of application or approach: identification and characterization of researchers; visualization of topics discussed; and knowledge maps, which center on descriptive analyses and co-citation and co-word network analyses.	0
Our analysis proceeds in several steps: (a) categorization of the sections of the text according to section titles, (b) segmentation of the text into sentences to obtain the distribution of the references across the text, (c) identification of the in-text references, (d) reconstruction of the IMRAD structure.	3
To enhance transparency, one could consider the usage of the CRediT (Allen et al., 2014) already on the title page to enable readers to identify which author has contributed to which contents or sections of a paper.	3
We test different TOPSIS models (with different random weights) for each of the papers and the rank the journal alternatives.	3
To determine the characteristics of megajournal authors, the nature of the manuscripts they are submitting to these journals, factors influencing their decision to publish in a megajournal, sources of funding for article processing charges (APCs) or other fees and their likelihood of submitting to a megajournal in the future.	1
This one-week, focused, and intensive training workshop has been shown to increase students' knowledge base, competence in clinical cancer research methods, and productivity in the clinical cancer research enterprise.	5
The underrepresentation of Southern researchers in research on development in the South might plausibly be attributed to deficiencies in research skills, English language proficiency, scientific networks, and access to research funding and travel grants.	5
The baseline equation for our regression analysis is: Successi = α + access categoryiβ1 + digital servicesiβ2 + first editioniβ3 + journal categoryiβ4 + publisher categoryiβ5 + submission feesiβ6 + μi,	3
As shown in Table 2, the publication of the Chinese Academy of Sciences was the highest in the top 10 prolific institutions, accounting for 31.4%, and the remaining 9 schools were mainly well-known domestic normal colleges and universities.	4
MAG comprise over 200 million papers, and is one of the most widely used data sets in bibliometrics (De Domenico et al., 2016; Jin et al., 2021).	2
Considering the non-normal distribution of our data, we have selected Multinomial Logistic Regression as the regression model, paper decision (0 or 1) as dependent variable, confidence scores and aspects as independent variable.	3
The results showed a significant increase in both downloads and citations of CIE papers after implementing this policy.	4
The seven-year analysis reveals significant challenges in converting undergraduate dental research at a Peruvian university into published scientific literature, with low rates of research documents achieving publication in scientific journals.	5
For this reason, the two approaches were used together in the evaluation.	0
Because 33 high research performance authors were identified, 33 researchers out of the remaining 67 prolific authors with the highest productivity formed the group of prolific authors.	2
To be included in the table, the researchers have to be affiliated with European institutions as of June 1, 2009.	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
This difference might be influenced by the number of collaborations because presumably high-impact institutions are more productive, so they have more collaborators and this increases the chance of being cited by the collaborator networks.	0
This measure takes into account the number of the publications of the author, the sum of the citations of the publications, the H-Index of co-authors, the average impact factor of the host journals, the average impact factor of the research field of the author, and the time interval between the first and the last publication of the author.	3
All statistical models were fitted using a Bayesian approach and show 95% credible intervals (CI).	3
Strengths and Weaknesses are combined to become Disclosure of Relevant Facts (DORF), and FRIN will be replaced by one simple standardized sentence: Better Research Is Needed Than This.	3
2 Median number of citations of funded versus normal research in 7 core LIS journals	0
This paper employs an unsupervised sentiment analysis method, SentiWordNet, to calculate the sentiment scores of citation sentences.	3
Based on our metric, we classify scientific papers into four categories: revolutionary science, low-impact direction-changing science, high-impact incremental science, and low-impact incremental science.	3
The discussions with scientists took place in focus groups, and the investigations of scientists' subscription to the original and derived principles were based on a national survey, as described below.	0
For mapping the publications related to the areas of air transport and business models, this paper reports the results of a bibliographical study of the state of the art of scientific knowledge produced on these themes.	1
The objectives of this bibliometric study were to identify (i) the 100 most-cited OTSR articles and (ii) the specialties or article types most often involved in citations.	1
However, in this rejoinder, we offer an update in Tables 1 and 2.	2
Some additional words of caution concerning references in scientific articles are worthy of comment.	0
The information is grouped into regional university systems, according to the autonomous community to which each university belongs, and is analyzed on that basis.	3
Of the remaining 353 authors, 233 answered (return rate: 66.0%).	2
Both small and large teams are essential to a flourishing ecology of science and technology.	5
The results show differential main effects of economic complexity, globalization, and international collaboration on scientific performance, as well as significant interaction effects that moderate the effect of democracy on scientific performance.	4
The significant agreement between CCA and existing rankings means that the use of the numerical values for the four metrics in our study leads to comparable results with those derived mostly by the opinion of experts in the field of Computer Science, or by using a single metric for the ranking.	4
IBM SPSS 22.0 (Mac OS version) was used for the statistical analysis of the data collected.	3
After this the citation rates for every article were taken from Google Scholar.	3
To obtain the journals’ publication volume, we retrieved the metadata for all articles indexed in Crossref from the year 2000 onwards.	3
Table 1 List of core medical journals publising gastroenterology papers, in descending order of five year impact factor, in the top two impact categories (W4 and W3)	0
There was a lack of connections between different communities of research.	4
To make the case that an organization can commit research misconduct by the definition-we must first define 'research misconduct.	3
The data were retrieved in August 2010, and the data time span ranges from 1978 to 2010.	2
We conclude with recommendations for how to motivate the internationalization of journals and stem the corruption of parameters measuring internationalization.	5
The indicators' variation frequency and amplitude of HIPs are far higher than those of HCPs.	4
As a result, we found that longer comments, more rounds of review and the more diversified words did not contribute to the citations of the OPR papers in Nature Communications.	4
The average of relative citations (ARC) is used as a proxy of impact in this paper.	3
Our proposed method modifies DCA by incorporating the semantic similarity using latent semantic analysis for the abstracts of the top-cited documents.	1
Based on these 646 papers, we identify the most influential actors including journals, counties/regions, and institutes.	4
In order to analyse the gender disparities in scientific research output in the field of economics, this paper selected the Web of Science database as the source database.	1
Virtual teams defined as a group of geographically and/or temporally dispersed individuals' link to- gether through related information and telecommunication technologies (24, 25).	3
The aim of this paper is to quantitatively observe the evolution and status of the main publications on “green” energy.	1
RQ 1 – How many articles on open access journals have been published per year between 1993 and 2016 in SSCI?	1
Moreover, hibernators may lead to influential citers, which is a potential clue for further study.	5
This study also points to the importance of supporting the diamond open access model as a potential means of improving global equity and epistemic diversity in knowledge production.	5
We seek to advance existing research by taking a more nuanced approach to the study of mobility.	1
It highlights not only the strengths and weaknesses of each institution, but also clearly identify differences between public and private universities.	5
This is a reference to Sci-Hub, which uses as its logo a picture of a crow holding a key.	0
Our second outcome measure is productivity—the number of AI papers that the city has produced each year.	3
In this study, the preferred method used to describe and explain the phenomena studied is "descriptive method" (Johnson, 1953, p.	3
This gap in ratings remains significant even after including measures of qualifications and quality such as experience, state licensure scores, or estimated teacher value added.	4
Co-word analysis, which is based on the theory that research themes can be characterized and analyzed based on patterns of terms usage in articles, has been used in many fields for themes exploration (An and Wu 2011; Archambault and Gagne 2004; Neff and Corley 2009).	3
Altogether, these papers originated from 1708 different authors.	2
The 100 most-cited articles in orthodontics were published between 1946 and 2012, the first decade of the new millennium being the most productive (41 out of 100 articles).	4
Our article categorisation system was developed in-house by the RSC in 2013, for the purposes of helping readers to find papers in multi-topic journals, and has been in use in live production since then.	3
We rated the journals on a scale of openness: 0) non-transparent publishing options; 1) subscription only; 2) OA option; 3) completely OA with an APC; 4) delayed OA (free to read and publish after an embargo); and 5) fully OA (free to read and publish without an embargo).	3
MIS Quarterly published 26% of all analysed highly cited articles.	4
Secondly, unlike other non-open access journals that have only a few OA articles, before it became fully open access in September, 2014, Nature Communications not only had non-OA papers, but also had a large amount of OA papers.	0
In conclusion, the number of retracted medical imaging publications continues to increase over time.	5
We have focused on articles, indexed by Scopus, whose publication year falls in the interval 1991–2020, and whose assigned subject areas include “Computer Science" and/or “Mathematics".	2
The study is based on data for 5,600 Norwegian researchers and their publication output during a three-year period (44,000 publications).	2
Received September 4, 2014; revised December 3, 2014; accepted December 1, 2014	0
Excluding the single most-cited article has a notable impact: It lowers the ranking of the Journal of Financial Econometrics by 75 positions, from 157 to 232, while it improves that of the Journal of Economic Behavior & Organization by 20 positions, from 159 to 139.	4
More precisely, we asked 923 scientists who had received at least one grant from the IRFD in the period 2010–2014 what type of grant they would need at the current stage of their career to bring their research activities and/or academic career to the next level.	2
To analyze publication patterns of 81 articles included in a “virtual journal.”	1
The majority of retractions were due to some form of misconduct (102 articles, 76%), that is, compromised peer review (44 articles, 33%), plagiarism (22 articles, 16%) and data falsification/fabrication (10 articles, 7%).	4
The correlation generator calculates Pearson's R values for the two pairwise data points.	3
Hence, the concepts of interest community and of discourse community are introduced into the structuralist framework making use of the notion of intended application.	5
Policy documents were defined as government documents in the form of a report, discussion paper, draft or final policy, formal directive, programme plan, strategic plan, budget bid, service agreement, implementation plan, guideline, or protocol with a focus on health service or programme design, delivery, evaluation or resourcing [19].	2
This article considers China's English language journals (CELJs) and looks at two aspects of partnership with international publishers: the financial cost and their ability to deliver the quick success objectives of the journals.	1
To avoid incentivizing the relocation of these investments, which could lead to a decrease in productivity, we recommend the implementation of progressive tax rates that take into account the level of dependency and the temporal period of the investments.	5
I thank the Institute for Scientific Information for a grant that enabled this research to be undertaken.	0
By comparing the shares of references made by publications of BMB (r?) with their share of all papers published (pi), fifteen disciplines were identified as core disciplines, based on our definition (Table 2).	4
The 90th percentile of citations was chosen as an arbitrary cut-off point to compare the research resources, so centers with a number of citations above the 90th percentile were considered the most productive.	3
We counted the number of highly cited studies based on the fractional counting method.	3
The goal of my study is to test the hypothesis that the archives of hijacked journals can be used to predict other clone journals, especially those from the same network.	1
Operations Research dominate this list, with seventy seven and thirty six papers, respectively.	4
Next, the citing network of each of these papers is extracted from an in-house version of the Web of Science database.	2
Multivariable linear regression analysis revealed that the number of fraudulent conference invitations was independently associated with number of PubMed indexed publications (adjusted β = 0.12, p < 0.01), when taking into account other co-variates such as: number of corre- sponding author publications, open access publications, gender, level of training and number of abstract presentations at legitimate conferences.	4
Figure 2 indicates the procedure for conducting a co-citation analysis to form an intellectual structure and its various representations of ABC in this study.	0
We used scientific publications indexed in the Science Citation Index (SCI) of the WoS database as the data source in this study.	2
For the analysis at an exploratory level, two real co-authorship networks are used.	2
Correspondence should be sent to Jonah Berger, Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 700 Jon M.	0
A close examination of these scholars' work reveals that many of their articles appear in journals with medium-to-low Alp scores, which are ignored by the standard (unweighted) Euclidean Index but accounted for by the Weighted Euclidean Index and Weighted Power Mean Index.	4
This said, and relativizing Merton's somewhat idealizing depiction, the findings of a range of historical case studies also suggest that the very same memory system also has served, maybe ever since its own inception, as a forum for and site of various strategic activities, rhetoric or political ones, for instance (see, e.g., Gilbert 1977; Gusfield 1976; Yearly 1981).	0
The bibliometric database Scopus was chosen as the source of journal articles because it has science-wide coverage and seems to include more articles than the Web of Science (Martín-Martín, et al., 2021), and with a slightly finer-grained field structure (Scopus, 2020), which helps with the field normalisation steps of the citation analysis component.	2
Center for Polymer Studies and Department of Physics, Boston University, Boston, Massachusetts 02215, USA	0
The final list of publications resulted in 19,772 DOIs (out of 20,000) after matching.	2
Across the sciences, the propensity for high-impact work is sharply elevated when combinations of prior work are anchored in substantial conventionality, not novelty, while mixing in a left tail of combinations that are rarely seen together.	5
It was found out that the journals with early view features have higher impact factor and immediacy index values than the others.	5
In a separate analysis, for each ranking pair (THE-QS, THE-USNews, THE-ARWU, QS-USNews, QS-ARWU, USNews-ARWU, and their reverse complementary pairs) universities for which the difference in ranking positions exceeded 100 were classified as “outstanding universities" in the given pair of rankings.	3
RQ2: How have African countries' citation impacts changed relative to the world average since 1996?	1
The number of workshop participants ranged from 80 to over 200.	0
The digitization of scientific production opens new possibilities for quantitative studies on scientometrics and science of science [1], bringing new insights into questions such as how knowledge is organized (maps of science) [2-6], how impact evolves over time (bibliometrics) [7,8], or how to measure the degree of interdisciplinarity [9,10].	1
For instance, past studies have examined the impact of reforms aimed at increasing institutional diversity and differentiation [1], redefinition of the state role in public management reform [2,3] and mergers of universities [4].	0
We investigate authorship patterns and the degree of research collaboration among the 1,161 different POM authors of the 720 articles published in the journal since its inception.	1
In 1987, the Beijing-based Science and Technology Daily, the official newspaper of the Chinese MoST, also began to publish designated university rankings (大学排名).	4
We found two primary booster papers—Kane and Mele (2005a) and Kane and Mele (2005b)—and three secondary booster papers—Bernevig et al.	5
Five factors were identified, including (i) pain and prognosis, (ii) statistics and data, (iii) spine and surgery, (iv) physiopathology, and (v) physiology.	4
Our aim is to promote debate about the causes and consequences of research misconduct and to suggest possible remedies.	1
The recommendation is therefore that funding agencies should sponsor an intercontinental group of academics to form an 'assembly of authoring', the task of which is to constantly compose authoritative articles on a regular basis.	5
Percentage of Web citations according to domain types in the three data sets.	0
Each of these elements is taken as a separate level of analysis, beginning with the broadest one (countries) through cities, to finally the institutions.	0
The significant positive estimate for ATXAXarc shows that there is a strong tendency for one department to hire from another if the two departments share specializations.	4
There were a total of 9483 research articles on glaucoma in the ISI Web of Science during 1993–2013.	4
We then established three control groups of gold open-access journals that do not satisfy the criteria for megajournals, with each group having a single publisher.	2
A time series analysis shows that the integration of new CS knowledge into MI is a gradual process without explosive growth and the path of knowledge integration between the two fields were identified.	4
To determine new field entries, we use publication data from the Web of Science (WoS) dating back to 1971, which allows tracing the fields in which a scientist has published over the years.	2
Lack of time, uncertainty, and disagreement are the key factors contributing to the emergence of collective anchoring effects during the process of adjusting judgments.	4
This study intends to compare the dissemination pattern of highly cited articles with that of socially popular articles and explore factors behind the level of attention an article receives on social media.	1
Analyzing 31 million articles from the past seven decades, I revealed an increasing trend in temporal diversity, reflecting the cumulative nature of scientific knowledge.	4
This study is interested to explore this inquiry from a cumulative scientific knowledge point of view, utilising a science and social proxies approach by engaging in a comparison exercise.	1
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
30 psychiatry programs from the American Medical Association's FREIDA online database were included to the study.	2
so that E is an increasing function of J (and vice versa).	0
The thematic structure of research in physical therapy interventions reported in trials, reviews, and guidelines has evolved showing the increasing importance of the topics related to "neurological rehabilitation”, “methods", "exercise related to lifestyle diseases", and "physical activity”.	5
The h-index of the journal is 73 while its g-index suggests that 133 IJLM articles were cited at least 17,689 times in Scopus.	4
Furthermore, we found no correlation between altmetrics and robustness measures of FI and FQ indicating that research papers appear to receive online attention regardless of study quality.	5
In this study, we compare the article impact in terms of article usage between open access (OA) and non-open access (Non-OA) articles from both the temporal and spatial perspectives.	1
I applied several complementary search strategies, and identified 138 individual studies published during the period 2005–2019, which evaluated either research organizations (RO) or research funding instruments (FI) from 21 European countries plus EU framework programs.	2
Using h-index as a metric for the ranking of countries, results show that Singapore is at the top of the list with an h-index of 36.	4
The search was carried out using the databases of the UAT, the Mixed Funds (FOMIX) of the National Council on Science and Technology (Consejo Nacional de Ciencia y Tecnología—Conacyt), the Tamaulipas Council on Science and Technology (Consejo Tamaulipeco de Ciencia y Tecnología—Cotacyt), the Ministry of Public Education-Professional Development Programs for Teachers (Secretaría de Educación Pública -Programas para el Desarrollo Profesional—SEP-Prodep), the Commission for the Knowledge and Use of Biodiversity (Comisión Nacional de Biodiversidad-Conabio), and the National Commission for Protected Natural Areas (Comisión Nacional de áreas Naturales Protegidas—Conanp).	2
Institutions were classified in three categories according to their scientific production as Central, Middle or Distal: the pattern of collaboration between these categories was analyzed.	3
Eleven NIH institutes were represented, with the National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases (NIAMS) providing the preponderance (74.2%) of the funding.	4
With regard to usage, it was found that the majority of users, 64.8% (n=118) use Sci-Hub to access scientific papers.	4
In the following section I first describe the methodology and the data.	0
Only three (0.15%) were on operative orthopaedic surgery and none were on trauma.	4
This article examines the post-crisis policy of prioritization, its relationship with and effects on arts and humanities research, and how the notion of the benefit of research can be broadened while still addressing economic needs.	1
We chose the raw data from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI), Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), and Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI) of WoS Core Collection.	2
Till now there is no study yet on how English language is being used among mainland Chinese doctors.	1
Software survey: ScientoPy, a scientometric tool for topics trend analysis in scientific publications	1
In this case, we have proved that the editor should ignore the rewards entirely and simply match probabilities of high quality when placing the allocations of journal resources among the papers.	5
This paper aims to build the co-occurrence network of algorithms in the natural language processing field based on the full-text content of academic papers and analyze the academic influence of algorithms in the group based on the features of the network.	1
The rich correspondence between Robertson and the editors of the journal enables a historical investigation of the refereeing process of Physical Review at the time that it was becoming one of the most influential physics periodicals in the world.	2
In addition, all six translators were invited (and, if necessary, reminded three times) via email to participate in an anonymous online survey including ten open questions in the areas of: challenges, aids/tools, and feedback.	3
We introduce a new tool – the CitedReferencesExplorer (CRExplorer, www.crexplorer.net) - which can be used to disambiguate and analyze the cited references (CRs) of a publication set downloaded from the Web of Science (WoS).	1
The information are interpreted first as descriptive statistics, both illustrated through tables and graphs.	0
The journal that receives the highest number of citations (869) is Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences.	4
We utilise a study we carried out into REF assessors involving qualitative semi-structured interviews with 34 REF participants, investigating to what extent economic rationales have shaped research assessment.	2
Downloaded by University of Florida At 02:31 07 August 2017 (PT)	0
The raw data file used in this study is based on downloads from Online Web of Science (webofknowledge.com) using the following query (CU=Sweden AND PY=2008-2011 AND DT=(Article OR Letters OR Reviews or Proceedings Papers)).	2
This suggests that the scientific community and the lay public should not expect journal retractions to be an effective tool to decrease harmful attention to problematic papers.	5
A search was carried out in the SCIE of the main collection of Web of Science, since it is commonly used in bibliometric studies due to its wide coverage of themes, the count of the citations received by the articles, and its ability to count the institutions participating in each paper.	2
Last, the databases with no significant inconsistencies are revealed by Nemenyi post-hoc test30 and the critical difference diagram 25.	3
The aim of this study is to identify the workflow obstacles facing the Annals of Saudi Medicine.	1
The major challenges include a lack of technical infrastructure, weak human research subject protection and a lack of capable research resources.	4
We say that a researcher is a top scientist in a given year if she belongs to the top 5% of cited authors in her discipline for that same year.	3
Together, these outcomes show that cross-disciplinarity in genomics is pervasive and impactful, creating upward mobility in morphed careers and generating dominant hybrid intellectual and social capital that have persisted long after the end of the HGP.	5
Data for the remaining three subfactors that are not published by U.S.	2
Kelley School of Business, Indiana University, 1309 East Tenth Street, Bloomington, IN 47405, USA	0
The hub keywords play a crucial role in bridging distinct clusters of highly associated keywords and make them form an integrated network.	5
The research trend of the Scopus indexing data (last ten years) related to neuropsychiatric disorders and their diagnosis using machine learning techniques has been investigated.	2
The indicators and the corresponding results for a researcher are explained in the report itself.	4
The size of the program is another clear driver of research productivity.	5
These results also suggest that the method is most successful in retrieving relevant publications for reviews that align with the organization of the literature.	5
Most of the submitted publications that were not verified by the librarians are listed in Cabell's predatory reports (88.7 %).	4
The citation data for Contemporary Accounting Research in 2000 and 2001 are retrieved from Business Source Premier.	0
Downloaded from http://tobaccocontrol.bmj.com/ on April 5, 2015 - Published by group.bmj.com	0
Within the scope of the study, 28,370 publications were selected from the publications in the field of mythology in the Web of Science (WoS) citation database between 1900 and 2019 using the probability-based stratified sampling method (5%), and detailed analyzes were made on these publications.	2
Based on cluster analysis, four typologies were defined by examining the demographic characteristics and AFCCQ scores breakdown within each cluster, as is shown in Table 3.	3
We found that the central region had the highest contribution of publications with approximately 52% of all articles.	4
The Chinese government may consider making all Chinese journals Open Access.	5
The focus of interest in applying the RPYS-CO is the references cited by the citing papers.	3
Our rapid evidence assessment suggests that among Sub-Saharan African countries, South Africa has the highest production of health economic evaluations as well as the highest number of connections with other African countries.	5
We leverage the knowledge network representation of the Medical Subject Heading (MeSH) ontology to infer conceptual distances between roughly 30,000 distinct MeSH keywords — each being prescribed to particular knowledge domains — in order to quantify the origins of cross-domain biomedical convergence.	1
Small fields, like astronomy, are included, as are large fields like physics, mathematics, and chemistry.	0
Note that rank and page authority variables for Wikipedia [WRANK and WPAUTHOR] have decay rates that are insignificantly different from zero.	4
The results unveil the focus of scientific research, thereby giving deep insights into how the academic society contributes to combating the COVID-19 pandemic.	1
Based on the relevance of science and technology actors, the aim of this study was to identify and explain factors in research governance that influence scientific knowledge production and to contribute to empirical discussions on the impact levels of different governance models and structures.	1
The organization of the rest of this paper is as follows.	0
In this paper, we introduce two graph types, which combine both metrics in a single graph.	1
Our dataset comprises a total of 3,443,047 scholarly papers published in the year 2015, with a specific focus on journal and conference papers.	2
Therefore, we advocate that scientific evaluation should be carried out through a comprehensive analysis of publications [8, 56].	5
In light of this study's findings—and comparing them to those in Nwagwu and Ojemeni (2015), Frandsen (2017), Oermann et al.	5
The agreement on h-indices between the Scopus and Web of Science was problematic.	4
Interestingly, the emergence of these fronts occurred in successive "waves" over the time which suggest a transition in the paradigmatic focus.	4
Starting from the seminal works by Seglen (1989, 1994, 1997) and the update by Zhang et al.	5
The article suggests two probable explanations: (A) women merely comprise 24% of the committee members determining which publication channels to classify as ‘well-regarded' and 'normal', which may lead to biases in the classification process.	4
The Ulrich's Periodicals Database was consulted to determine the OA status of the journals cited in the grant applications.	3
The PubMed data base of the National Library of Medicine (www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Pubmed) was used as the primary source of data for this study.	2
Due to the known issue of a single database being unable to deliver comprehensive coverage (Bramer et al., 2017), the chosen data sources were Web of Science (WoS) and Scopus bibliographic databases.	2
We collected citation data from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED), the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI), and the Arts & Humanities Citation Index (A&HCI) compiled by Thomson Reuters, which maintain citation databases covering thousands of academic journals and offer bibliographic database services, because they are three of the best sources for citation data.	2
A detailed explanation of the test procedure is provided in the next section.	0
In operational terms, SSI is calculated applying the Revealed Comparative Advantage (RCA) methodology and, in particular, the Balassa index (Balassa 1979).	3
The citation context retrieval module could identify different citation topics of a reference and classify the citation contexts.	5
Following the Mathematics awardees benchmark dataset [19], we decided to use the awardees dataset for the field of Computer Science as benchmark.	2
In bibliometric-based research assessment, one should give special attention to papers with a higher value of Bcp, because such papers accumulate their citations slowly but may show a longer and durable citation impact.	5
4) Is there a relationship between the length of time between publication and retraction and an association with a retracted publication being indicated as such or the methodological quality of the evidence synthesis?	1
Received 19 April 2022; Accepted 26 June 2022; Published 20 July 2022	0
Table 2 shows the descriptive statistics of the variables in our dataset, consisting of 4,770 returnees and corresponding local scientists.	0
In this paper, we begin by demonstrating the plausibility and potential magnitude of the Ellison effect in a simple model of research production and publication calibrated with what we believe are reasonable parameter values.	1
The data covers the period 2001 to 2015.	2
We also outline the responsibilities of various stakeholders to ensure the success of the campaign.	3
The OpenRank methodology employed the ArnetMiner data set [5] (version 8) to measure the research productivity of the global HEIs.	2
1 Number of times DMU appears as a reference in the set (ARWU, THE, QS)	0
According to this clustering, the main areas of research which have boomed and stabilised are IR, ranking functions, ranking model, knowledge management, web searches, learning algorithms, search engines, algorithms, optimization, machine learning and learning systems.	5
As discussed, faculty in different disciplines are different in epistemology, collaboration in their academic research, types of research outputs, etc.	0
To analyze the impact of changing funding and patents on publication output among elites and non-elites as discussed in hypotheses 1–3, a fixed-effects (FE) linear regression is conducted.	3
The respondent population is predominantly female (about 60%), and 77% of them are clinicians.	2
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Between 1989 and 1998 (Figure 2A), Brazilian contribution to this set was relatively small (1,750 papers), representing only 1.6% of the total publications in this period and ranking 14th within the most productive countries.	4
Third, the development of policies on agriculture, countryside and farmers, increase of related funding projects, and reinforcement of cooperation are the driving forces of the development of Chinese agricultural economics research in the recent ten years.	5
Furthermore, while considering all the twelve features, the system has achieved 0.65 precision and 0.90 recall.	4
Figure 5 Cumulative distribution of research levels (1 = clinical and 4= basic) of papers cited by BBC (solid line) compared with world oncology papers, 2000–2004 (dashed line).	0
The aim of this study was to determine the rate of POCUS use, characterize data collection methods and determine rate of quality assurance in both the ED and Intensive Care Unit (ICU) of a tertiary care academic center.	1
However, it resulted in a reduction in research collaboration within the institution, which hindered academic publication in high-impact journals.	4
The data that we use in this study come from the RAE website.	2
Our approach to affects focuses on how, by whom and with what effects affective practices are performed.	3
To examine the matching texts of Nobel laureates' journal publications, four disciplines were included in this study, namely, physics, chemistry, physiology and medicine, and economics.	2
On behalf of: cilip Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals	0
This work was supported by the company ESPOSSIBLE in processing the analyzed data.	0
The authors thank the editor and the referees for very useful comments and acknowledge financial support from the PRIN Misura project.	0
However, overall it can be concluded that, apart from the decreased association between evolutionary computation concepts and neural network concepts, the associations between the main concepts in the CI field have been fairly stable over the last years.	0
Data collected from the NCBI bibliographic databases included date of retraction publication, source of retraction, availability of information about the document’s retracted status, an explanation of the nature of the problem, availability of free full text, and number of issues published annually.	2
Lumping the papers of journals of the category Cardiac & Cardiovascular Systems into a (theoretical) single journal yields an amalgam of the first 4 journals: Eur Heart J, Circulation, J Am Coll Cardiol, and Circ Res.	5
This study gauges the interrelationships between journals using the relatedness index, and its definition and operationalization will be provided in section “Method”.	3
She chose computer science journals from seven related subject categories: "computer science, artificial intelligence,” “computer science, cybernetics,” “computer science, hardware & architecture,” “computer science, information systems,” “computer science-interdisciplinary applications,” “computer science, software engineering," and "computer science, theory & methods.”	2
This content downloaded from 155.247.166.234 on Tue, 22 Dec 2015 22:18:42 UTC	0
Broadcasting is more powerful in the early stages but may be gradually caught up or even surpassed by virality in the later period.	4
9) refers to the smallest feasible value of the objective (12).	0
Using a unique data set compiled from the career histories of 10,051 elite life scientists in the U.S., we paint a nuanced picture of mobility.	2
In order to analyze the degree of dissimilarity between scientific subject categories based on the prestige of their respective journals, the Thomson-Reuters Web of Science database was selected as data source.	2
The results of the study provide practical guidance for policy makers and companies to develop strategies to promote environmental awareness and sustainable travel practices.	5
We used the Leimkuhler model (Wardikar and Gudadhe 2013) to determine the Bradford distribution zones of the data.	3
The INSPIRE system, a bibliographic database for HEP researchers was used to obtain the number of publications and citations as indicators of research productivity.	2
Our model projected the effects on the productivity and multidisciplinarity of the institution, with an adjustment quite similar to the actual evolution of the institute.	4
The number of journals and proportions are represented by the standalone numbers and the values in parentheses, respectively.	0
For this analysis, the authors decided to include only PhD students, postdoctoral researchers, assistant professors, associate professors, and full professors, because these groups were significantly more active in publishing than other groups, such as masters’ students, reducing the dataset to N = 1,819.	2
The results obtained demonstrate that there is a low AAI score on average in the sustainability field compared with other disciplines and the potential reason for such low scoring is probably caused by the high number of co-authors collaborating in environmental studies related journals.	4
Additionally, each PI's scholarly impact, as measured by the h-index, was calculated using the Scopus database.	3
Findings reveal the importance of status and institutional logics in influencing metrics gaming behaviors, as well as how metrics can affect work outcomes in different types of institutions.	5
To understand processes leveraged during unmaking e-waste, we conducted an interview study across various experts.	1
The field of academic publishing has never been equal, or universally rigorous.	4
The peak of the first wave (June-July 2020) and the October and December 2021 issues had maximum number of COVID-19 articles.	5
For all current researchers at Columbia University Medical Center, we extracted their publications from MEDLINE authored between years 2007 and 2011 and associated journal impact factors, along with author academic ranks and departmental affiliations obtained from Columbia University Scientific Profiles (CUSP).	2
Also, as we expected, publications of scholars were affected by their affiliations, and this influence obviously had correlations with collaborations of the scholars.	4
In the second step, we applied a traditional data-mining technique, the bag of words method (Salton and McGill, 1983; Leopold et al., 2004).	3
Table 5 Results of Pearson's correlation analysis between number of citations and altmetrics attention	0
To retrieve research articles in the WoS dataset, we used the following strategy:	2
A total of 154 Prize-winning articles mentioned by the Nobel Prize Committee from 2016 to 2020 in the fields of Physiology or Medicine and Physics (https://www.nobelprize.org/) were collected.	2
total citations from publication to the end of the most recent year (or last year), for example 2016 in this study (TC2016).	3
We limit ourselves to the particular concentration measures considered in Egghe (2005).	0
On the contrary, the share of documents published in Q3 and Q4 journals is much lower than expected: 17.1% in Q3 (varying from 3.2 to 37.4%) and 11.5% in Q4 (varying from 5.1 to 20.1%).	4
Further analysis was carried out to measure productivity using LOTKA?, free online software designed by Rousseau and Rousseau in 2001.	3
Downloaded from http://jme.bmj.com/ on April 21, 2015 - Published by group.bmj.com	0
Department of Library and Information Studies, Minia University, Governorate of Minia, Minya, Egypt	0
Normalized citation indicators are the ‘Category Normalized Citation Impact' (CNCI) and the total number and percentage of publications in the top 1% and top 10% most cited publications of the same document type in the corresponding WoS Category and in the same publication year (percentile scores).	3
The reader may wonder why a “manual validation" is performed in an approach proposed for "large scale" author name disambiguation.	0
Taking into account the defined criteria, a final analysis unit of 798 publications resulted.	2
It analyzes the perspectives of IR managers concerning how they perceive the importance of the factors identified as critical and considers the actual performance of IRs relative to those factors.	1
2009) and paper level methods (Jiang et al.	3
A startling result is that the magnitude of the treatment effect increases sharply and monotonically as we focus on the rate of contributions with higher impact.	4
We restrict our sample to the period between 2010 and 2017, during which 632 doctoral students applied for funding.	2
Influence of OA over the information sharing and scholarly communication (in Cluster 2) and development strategy of OA (in Cluster 5) are the significant research topic in China.	5
Descriptive analysis of the survey data demonstrates that the majority of the researchers believe that a good scholarly journal is from well-known publishers and indexed in Web of Science or Scopus.	4
The first case against the social and physical sciences being compatible is that measurement in the latter is supported by empirical evidence, calibrated instruments, and predictive theory that work together to test the quantitative nature of properties.	4
The purpose of this paper is to assess the value of Goodreads reader ratings for measuring the wider impact of scholarly books published in the field of History.	1
We searched Web of Science and Google Scholar for publications citing the Matsuyama paper.	2
This is an open access article under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs License, which permits use and distribution in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, the use is non-commercial and no modifications or adaptations are made.	0
Next, the two indicators were applied to papers published in 2001 to assess their performance.	3
Spearman's correlation coefficient was used to measure the strength of the associations among the seven metrics as a normal distribution is not assumed.	3
The maps are produced using a force layout from the JavaScript library D3 (Bostock, Ogievetsky and Heer 2011).	3
The figure shows that countries do not cluster around the average value of Pm=Cm=1, but rather a few countries cluster around the average points and most countries fall in the low-rank area of (Pm,Cm)<0.5 (see Table 2).	4
Dominance in a scientific field is not based on the availability of one type of capital alone but must be understood as the manifestation of a complex interrelationship between different types of capitals.	5
The dataset, spanning from 2009 to 2023, comprises 300 chines publically traded companies, manufacturing, utilities, and technology, therefore rendering the results relevant in many spheres.	2
In particular, Chinese-authored preprints received less attention (measured by downloads of the preprint) than preprints by authors from other countries, and particularly less than U.S.-authored preprints, after controlling for all factors observable to a user of the preprint server, including the author's institution rank, the author's prior reputation and social network, the access authors have to nearby (early) COVID-19 cases, and the readability of the writing of the abstract of the preprint.	4
ERGMs are statistical models that predict network ties and can be interpreted in a manner similar to logistic regression while accounting for the non-independence inherent in network data [25,26].	3
We compiled a list of all potential institutions in India engaged in health research from a variety of sources including a previously available database on health research output from India, the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) directory of health research institutions in India, and the list of medical colleges available on the Medical Council of India website.	2
Basically these ideas support the views of Hess (2014), who argues that, relative to younger adults, older ones become more sensitive to the contexts of performance and more selective in their allocation of cognitive resources.	5
For comparison of self-citation rate in two databases, we used Wilcoxon and Mannwhitney tests.	3
In Step 2, we load the set of papers for each publication into an open source graph and network analysis software tool named Gephi.	3
We limited the articles to those published in 2006–2010 (IPGG) or 2007–2011 (SRC VB “Vector”).	2
The bootstrap truncated regression method, widely used in previous studies on academic efficiency, ensures obtaining unbiased regression’s coefficients and valid confidence intervals (Johnes 2006; Wolszczak-Derlacz and Parteka 2011; Medin et al.	3
Through hard-won experience, GPNG is a model for designing and framing how journals approach publishing and the promotion of published work from junior authors.	5
This content downloaded from 128.148.252.35 on Sat, 27 Jul 2013 21:04:28 PM	0
We argue that this limited geographic diversity can detrimentally affect the creativity of scholarship published in journals, the progress and direction of research, the composition of the STEM workforce, and the development of science in Latin America, Africa, the Middle East, and much of Asia (i.e., the "Global South").	5
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
Overall, the authors found that citation analysis provides substantial evidence that the KU Libraries' collection provides the necessary support for science and medical researchers at the University of Kansas.	5
Only in five out of twenty-two subject areas, does India have a presence among global institutions that is larger than its share of nominal GDP.	4
We have learned that over the time period studied, the total number of articles per year is increasing along with the number of institutions that are contributing to this research.	5
RQ2: What is the degree of lecturers' knowledge of IR?	1
The availability of journal percentiles in the Journal Citation Reports (JCR, Clarivate Analytics) makes it possible to contrast paper impact with journal impact—time- and field-normalized by using percentiles.	5
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
This study sought to identify the critical design elements that developers should consider carefully when designing an author query for the VIVO Harvester to optimize the accuracy of the results for their institutions and unique population of investigators.	1
The second finding in our study is the low rate of EC accessibility in certain Spanish publications.	5
In this paper, we have explored the use of a quantitive, and reliable proxy, the PageRank algorithm, to assess academic reputation through the analysis of citation patterns among universities.	5
The “second generation” comprises academics who earned their doctorates between 1990 and 2006 and have pursued their academic careers under the conditions of the institutional change.	2
To summarize, this study revealed that high research performance authors in LIS had higher academic ages, higher percentages of articles using international collaboration, and higher interest in publishing in journals with high impact factor than prolific authors and highly cited authors did.	5
The thematic analysis, coupled with the reflexive journaling, indicates that the invitations lack the depth and specificity one would expect from genuine attempts to develop interdisciplinary scholarship.	5
For network science, we considered two recent journals that are explicitly devoted to this discipline-Cambridge University Press Network Science, started in 2013, and Oxford Academic Journal of Complex Networks, started in the same year and the more established but broader journal Social Networks, started in 1979.	2
The growth of publications was more linear (r = 0.67) than exponential (r = 0.53).	4
What emerges from this study of the research literature in immunology is that there are two broad types of contributions that become highly referenced in immunology.	5
The publications appeared in 30 journals, predominantly in the general medical journals, led by New England Journal of Medicine (n=17), followed by expert medical journals, led by the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology (n=16) and Kidney International (n=16).	4
Structurally, 81 percent were Individuals (n = 2,913), 15 percent were Organizations (n = 540), and 3 percent were Clubs/Groups (n = 115).	4
In our study, eight clusters were identified in EHFE, among which biomechanics ergonomics had the highest density and centrality, indicating the development and maturation of this cluster.	5
Among the 20 LIS research topics, ‘knowledge management' is the most popular, appearing in 217 dissertations (21.3%), followed by 'informetrics and research evaluation' (151, 14.8%) and 'corporation and government service' (145, 14.2%), as shown in Table 3.	4
Finally, we repeated the analysis using the number of articles published in the 21 elite journals identified in the last column of Table 2.	3
Data on the annual numbers of board members of the KSEM were collected from 1996 to 2011, and this data was confirmed by the KSEM office.	2
For a journal associated with more than one quartile, this journal is allocated to the higher quartile under the optimistic mode and allocated to the lower quartile under the pessimistic mode (Q1 is the highest quartile).	3
The resulting network has been characterized using network-level as well as node-level NA measures.	3
Results suggest that the great majority of journals in this field are specialized or interdisciplinary.	4
Drawing on social choice theory we derive a rationale in which each reviewer is asked to provide his or her second, third, and fourth choice in addition to his/her first choice recommendation regarding the acceptance/revision/rejection of a given manuscript.	1
The comparison between the two periods shows that the sample sizes of empirical articles have significantly increased.	4
The correlation coefficient between the index of the extensity centrality-Newman and betweenness centrality is 0.239*, and that between the index of the extensity centrality-Newman and closeness centrality is 0.233*.	4
To be more specific, we profile COVID-19 related research to explore answers of the following questions: ?	1
Since we could suspect about the endogeneity of explanatory variables, we use a generalized method of moment (GMM) estimation.	3
Through thematic analysis of the APT criteria we found that in those documents that did include principles of team science, they coalesced in two areas: collaborator and leader.	4
By 2018 Indonesia's conference papers accounted for almost three-fifths (58%) of the country's Scopus output.	4
How aware are faculty of sources other than Thomson Reuters' Impact Factor for evaluating the prestige of journals?	1
We combine three different mapping approaches: journal-journal citation relations (JJCR), shared author keywords (SAK), and title word-cited reference co-occurrence (TWRC).	1
I propose an overall productivity index for actors in science and technology like authors, inventors, journals, assignees, etc., namely the -index.	1
Note: With the exception of “Reader Interest,” Section B, all values are statistically significant at or beyond the .05 level.	0
We used content analysis (37) to explore the research orientation among the participating PIs as reported in the pre-interviews.	3
The first experiment took place in the context of a pair of online exams, spanning 632 students in India.	2
Hence, we evaluated the trends in citation and social media impact of pharma-authored preprints.	1
The analysis of the set of 5-edition metrics reveals a low collaboration among full set of authors in the conference community according to the metric Graph_Density.	4
Polanco described bibliometric study as a technique used for description, evaluation, and monitoring of published research.	3
The number of articles, impact factors, citations, article type, city, institution, funding source and conflict of interest were analyzed.	3
More specifically, I use a 'sequential mixed design' in which the quantitative and qualitative phases of the research programme occur in a chronological order (Teddlie and Tashakkori, 2009: 120).	3
BMJ 2014;349:g7089), but has this led to any improvement?	1
Collaborative network is indicated by dividing the total number of papers by the number of single-authored papers.	3
The higher inter-rater reliability and simple user interface used in Scopus may render it the more effective database when calculating the h-index of senior scientists in epidemiology.	5
Six publication indicators: number total of papers (TP), country independent papers (IP), internationally collaborative papers (CP), first-author papers (FP), corresponding-author papers (RP), and single-author papers (SP) have been applied as criteria to compare the publication's performance of countries and institutes for a research topic (Vega-Arce et al.	3
(2) to what extent SS&H authors have employed citations in a confirmatory or negational manner?	1
Here, a quantitative comparison is not feasible as different methods have different thresholds and parameter dependencies.	0
The h-index is a simple single number incorporating both quantity (publication) and quality (citation) scores (Egghe 2006).	0
Given the additional information in specifying journal quality, this finding is not surprising.	0
Then, synthetic minority over-sampling technique (SMOTE) is used to process the class-imbalance condition.	3
This study has shown that the evolution of OA has been accompanied by changing citation behaviour, with the main finding being that the reference practices of researchers from lower-income countries have become more similar to those of researchers from more wealthy countries due to a relatively stronger increase in lower-income countries with regard to the number of references.	5
As a means to provide quantitative and qualitative measurement, pre- and post-event questionnaires were completed by the attendees.	2
In order to examine potential changes in the overall journal publication behaviour, we use the mean normalized journal score (MNJS) indicator, which measures the impact of the journals in which Norwegian researchers have published (Waltman et al.	3
The key values are selected starting with the value(s) corresponding to the highest frequency of occurrence and consec- utively adding values corresponding to the largest remaining frequency of occurrence, until at least a predefined majority ('coverage threshold') of publications in the seed record is 'covered' by key values: associated to at least one key value deter- mined for the references, authors and source fields, and to at least two key values determined for the title field, as explained in the respective subsections below.	3
Our study provides a statistical view of the trends in HBO2 research and can guide researchers interested in hyperbaric medicine in developing influential HBO2 study design.	5
5, 6, and 7, we observe that the most similar scientific subject categories to Cell Biology are life or medical sciences categories with just a few exceptions (e.g., Nanoscience and Nanotechnology; Chemistry Physical).	4
The addresses of the university professors were randomly extracted from the German Hochschullehrer-Verzeichnis (Deutscher Hochschulverband 2020).	2
Furthermore, this paper studies the relation between the citations and aggregated altmetric scores rather than individual altmetric indicators like Twitter, Facebook, Mendeley readership, etc.	5
From two articles (1.56%) in 1995 to 266 articles (20.75%) in 2020, the use of text mining in management shows an exponential growth (R2 = 0.9689).	4
REPORTER is a repository of federal funded research projects from 33 US government agencies (27 NIH institutes, Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Food and Drug Administration, Health Resources and Services Administration, Administration for Children and Family, and US Department of Veterans Affairs).	2
That said, we have shown in the present study just how the humble acknowledgment can provide illuminating insights into the social and normative bases of distributed collective action in contemporary science.	0
For the benchmark dataset, we have collected the awardee's data of the last three decades of four different societies of mathematics domain.	2
Having thus shaved the critique with Occam's razor, we will proceed to use the term non-reader to describe a citer who copies.	0
We further find that higher educated employees judge the integrity of their work environment more positively than their colleagues who completed secondary education or lower.	4
The article presents a study of publication ethics violations in Russian-language scientific publications related to the duplicated publication.	1
The largest collaboration network between authors was between Brazil and the United States.	4
Do the citation patterns reflect a growing differentiation between the domestic and international research enterprise?	1
Quantitatively the United States followed by Canada and Spain were prominent regarding the article numbers.	4
A descriptive-analytical study using PubMed on research articles with the MeSH terms human influenza and COVID-19.	2
This paper shows that open access publications in national languages can be central for reaching important users of research both within and beyond academia, including experts, private citizens, teachers and students.	5
The authors would like to thank Martin Rosvall for generating the maps used in Figure 2, and also Alan Wilson for drawing our attention to impact factor inflation.	0
The method is characterized by its ability to reflect user intention in the search results by considering the category attended by the user and the degree of attention.	5
A bibliometric analysis was conducted to 1) measure research output from European and African researchers on PRDs, 2) describe collaboration patterns, and 3) assess the citation impact of clinical research funded by EDCTP.	1
*N/A where Mann-Whitney rank sum tests were used to compare medians between the subgroups.	0
As a robustness test, we implement three classification schemes of predatory journals.	2
Scopus was chosen as the database of interest since it contains all publications made by Cuba's scientific system during the period under analysis.	2
On the overall, the dataset contained 1280 articles (Table 1).	2
We illustrate this method with the three largest journals published by Technoscience Academy and report numbers as of January 2023.	2
Our main objectives are to identify the most productive countries in coronavirus publications, to analyse the international scientific collaboration on this topic, and to study the proportion and typology of open accessibility to these publications.	1
From a population of 1772 potential participants in the university, a total of 207 researchers (response rate of 12%) participated in the surveys with the majority (n = 146 (71%)) answering from both reviewer and author perspectives, since they met the qualification criteria.	2
The largest fields have a Gini coefficient of citation shares of around 0.5 (Fig.	4
The most common article subtype was the case series, showing the effect that articles on preliminary outcomes and new surgical techniques have had on surgeons performing rotator cuff repair.	5
To control for the effects of such multi-authored and high number of publications we repeat the analysis with a fractional counting approach.	3
The search resulted in 3653 tweets that mentioned UnB papers.	2
This suggests that there is a significant difference in search effectiveness between the two groups.	0
In conclusion, the increased number, language diversity, and IF trend for EM journals indicates that the development of academic EM is a continuous international trend.	5
We present a bibliometric comparison of publication performance in 226 scientific disciplines in the Web of Science (WoS) for six post-communist EU member states relative to six EU-15 countries of a comparable size.	1
Overall, while manually added research labels may provide some useful information about an author's research interests, they should be used with caution and in conjunction with another source of information such as automatically extracted keywords to identify accurately specialist learning analytics researchers.	5
This knowledge may be used by prospective authors to decide in which conferences to publish, and by conference steering committees or PC chairs to assess their selection process.	5
Conclusion: Continuous tracking of publication rates and h-index scores of scholarship recipients demonstrates recipients' continuing interest in advancing and disseminating medical knowledge to improve patient outcomes.	5
YORAM NEUMANN is Associate Director, Centre for Applied Social Science and Assistant Professor of Sociology at Boston University.	0
Whereas peer reviewed books are increasingly published abroad and in English, non-peer reviewed book literature remains firmly domestic and published in the Dutch language.	4
This study uses the Scopus database to analyse the most prolific authors in the MAJ along with their affiliated institutions and countries; the work also identifies the MAJ articles cited most often by other journals.	2
These experiments suggest that with a carefully constructed, robust, sufficiently rich, and authoritative language model, machine classification can be used to tag awards or project descriptions with relevant topic labels from an external reference classification.	5
As a result, 203 were rejected, and 26 were eliminated because of missing data.	2
The Emerald Research Register for this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/researchregister	0
It defends the position that the most effective way to reduce the role of citation-based journal metrics in journal and research assessment is developing indicators of the quality of journals' manuscript peer review process, based on an analysis of this process itself, as reflected in the written communication between authors, referees, and journal editors in electronic submission systems.	1
What is each discipline's share of contribution in each research topic?	1
Our estimates show that the annual productivity of academics who changed jobs at least once at their university is 37% higher when compared with that of academics who were never mobile.	4
Most OA journals have adopted the single independent online model (i.e., the journal has its own independent domain).	4
The relationship between postdoctoral duration and scientists' timing of academic placements was subject to the rule of diminishing returns.	4
Number of analytical chemistry publications and percentage share in world total (1981-1985)	0
Possible improvements should be systematic, aiming both for improvements in work environment and personal awareness in research ethics, and the implementation of those changes should be institutional responsibility.	5
The survey was open from April 5, 2021, to April 30, 2021, with 1020 participants completing all survey sections.	2
The aim was to explore the relationship between assumptions and actuality in terms of measures of research reputation.	1
An evaluation using the system of citations implies an evaluation of papers in the same spirit as journals are evaluated.	0
In contrast, if we choose all papers with the same number of citations at year two (i.e., the same c2, Fig.	4
Furthermore, considering that our dataset has a panel structure, we performed the Hausman test, which led to the selection of a fixed-effect Negative Binomial Regression model for our analysis.	3
Bibliometric measures were assessed using a subscription bibliographic citation database (Scopus; Reed Elsevier, London, United Kingdom), with the data cross-referenced with PubMed/National Center for Biotechnology Information (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov) data to ensure consistency and adequate capture of data for surgeons who have moved across institutions.	2
The level of international co-authorship relations among scientists of the EE countries significantly increased in 2011.	4
Therefore, papers with total citation counts less than 10 times were excluded (Li et al., 2019), resulting in a final dataset of 14,652 scientific papers in library and information science and 71,327 in particle physics with citation and bibliographic data.	2
The citation counts and author affiliations of all journal articles in the set were downloaded from Scopus during December 2016 and January 2017, using Scopus API queries such as the following for Forestry (subject code 1107) journal articles.	2
We used the PP top 10 % results for assigning the journals to four citation impact classes.	3
Respiratory disease remains one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in China.	1
In this paper, we present the second phase with 448 participants.	2
To Professor David Warton for advice on the use of Smatr 3 routines.	0
Central to such a debate is the question about whether self-citations are biased or not.	1
Google Trends' worldwide search data were better than the US domestic search data for this purpose.	4
Moreover, the study has been appreciated as pioneering the use of a quantitative approach to identify the knowledge structure of a research field.	0
The most cited journal is Fuzzy Sets and Systems, which is the biggest node in the co-citation network of journals, and the second one is Information Sciences.	4
We used the public available data from the web pages of the THE and the ARWU ranking to analyze the dynamics of change in score and ranking position from year to year, and we investigated possible causes for inconsistent fluctuations in the rankings by the means of regression analyses.	2
The top three most cited affiliated countries are the US, the UK, and Canada; see Fig.	4
Quentin Haas and David Vicente Alvarez contributed equally to this work.	0
In this study, we collected about 30 million papers in the biomedicine field from the PubMed website,2 subsequently referred to as the PubMed dataset.	2
According to our findings, the impact of books shows evident disciplinary differences in the citation and altmetric indicators.	5
It was found that some scholarly features work well for ECRs, and in this category can be included: discovery and access, authorship practices, sharing, collaboration, and publishers.	4
Fourth, by using the concepts of cognitive artifact and affordance, I show how many extra-academic actors partially outsource their decision-making to the published league tables of university rankings.	3
This change in spending is mostly driven by a decrease in payments to employees that is partially mitigated when scientists have other grants to draw on.	4
Supported by NIH Grant 04177 from the National Library of Medicine.	0
Therefore, we formalize a research collaboration network (RCN) as an undirected weighted graph, G = (V, E), where each investigator is represented by a vertex or node (vi).	3
The main data source used to retrieve publication records is the Web of Science (WoS), a widely available scientific publication and citation database currently comprising about 75 million publication records from over 21,000 peer-reviewed journals [21].	2
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
As a result, many studies have attempted to understand how scholars use Mendeley and why (Mohammadi et al.	0
the time of appointment or the time of allocating resources) is not necessarily related to the scientific achievements after this date.	1
We relied on the Python NLTK library to perform the classification; when a citation paragraph was analyzed, the algorithm decomposed it into its grammar components (e.g., adjectives, verbs, etc.).	3
We used ‘R’ for both network visualisation and mapping.	3
The main classification approach follows the standard of ESI in the JOC rule and some papers published in multidisciplinary are reclassified according to the JRC rule and 1-generation citation backward expansion.	3
This paper examines the current state of library publishing partnerships with external organizations through analysis of survey data collected by the authors, and shares lessons learned from an example partnership.	1
Editor-in-Chief Ludo Waltman, which significantly improved the quality of the paper.	0
The average shortest-path length of the RTK network is 3.1743.	4
This study used the Scopus database to collect all bibliographical data to prepare the overview analysis of the performance of JONM from its founding to 2018.	2
Thus, the simultaneous emergence of TrM across the West and the downsizing of pharmaceutical firms' life sciences R&D expenditures is no mere coincidence.	4
For the 4,535 technology clusters’ 4 datasets, three embedding vectors were obtained by performing citation network embedding, abstract embedding, and research-area embedding.	3
The estimated coefficient indicates that for each 1000 km, citations increase by 7% in Model 1, and 9% in Model 2.	4
In order to analyze/evaluate the level/reliability of agreement among experts, we used Fleiss's kappa statistic (Fleiss, 1971) for interrater reliability.	3
Hence, it aims to evaluate the applicability of research-productivity indexes to assess research groups’ productivity to mitigate the problem of selecting papers as input for assessing a research group.	1
We evaluated publication bias via fail-safe number analysis, as implemented in the ‘metafor' function fsn.	3
Only links with weights greater than 2 are displayed for graph clarity.	0
The regression result confirms that evergreens tend to have relatively fewer citations in the short run but much more citations in the long run.	4
We propose several changes to improve how environment is evaluated.	5
First, women report lower productivity than their male counterparts, but family responsibilities (a proxy for which is the number of young dependents in the household) do not explain this gender gap in publication success.	5
To know the contribution of authors gender wise, geographical affiliation	1
All authors contributed to the study conception and design, commented on previous versions of the manuscript, read, and approved the final manuscript.	0
Otherwise put: it is not simply the quantity of citations that matters, but the quality.	0
The curve of the most cited paper will be repeated in the next figure for comparison	0
When the distribution of Turkish citations within the IMRAD structure was examined, it was found that the authors preferred to cite in the introduction section when the literature evaluations were also included; both operators tagged 84–85% citations in this section.	4
While the next section presents a conceptual framework for our study, “Methods” section discusses the data and methodologies used for our empirical analyses.	0
Different combinations of parameters have been identified to build the model and applied on a large data set taken from Arnetminer comprised of almost 1.8 million authors and 2.1 million publications' record of Computer Science.	2
We define performance orientation as the extent to which performance is taken into account in their decisions concerning the allocation of funding.	3
We selected all publication records in the field of computer science published from 1970 to 2016, notated as MAG-CS.	2
Similar results were found for sharing materials (COVID: 71.6%, non-COVID: 41.6% and pre-COVID: 20.5%), x2(2) = 101.38, p < 0.001, ω = 0.41 and for sharing code (COVID: 52.1%, non-COVID: 41.6% and pre-COVID: 11.2%), x2(2) = 80.49, p < 0.001, ω = 0.37.	4
These percentages add up to over 100% because some notices gave more than one justification for the retraction of one article.	0
Attending the 11th session, now ended, are, left to right, Clifford D.	0
Women and academics from Türkiye were more likely to experience ethical violations and perceived them as more ethically severe.	4
The primary aim of this empirical study was to investigate Elsevier's hybrid OA publishing from 2015 to 2019 to better understand the volume and invoicing of hybrid OA and to present a novel, data-driven approach for such analyses.	1
On the other hand, there is a very strong positive correlation (i.e., p = 1) between the metrics Graph_Modularity and Connected_Components, which means that each of the metrics is a perfect monotone function of the other.	4
Keywords: Research funding instruments; university change; organizational autonomy; authority sharing; university governance; centres of excellence.	0
Using the software of IBM SPSS 25, we get that Cronbach's alpha coefficient is 0.865 by reliability analysis, Kaiser- Meyer-Olkin (KMO) value is 0.868 by KMO-Bartlett's sphericity test, and the significance value is 0.	3
Correspondence to: Han-joon Kim, School of Electrical and Computer Engineering, the University of Seoul, Seoul 130-743, Republic of Korea.	0
This article uses degree centrality and betweenness centrality to identify the most important nodes.	3
For AI-generated abstracts, ChatGPT (based on GPT-3.5 in February 2023) was fed with the following prompt: 'Create a paper title and scientific abstract in the subfield of “X” in the broader research area on judgment and decision-making.	3
The methodology includes two parts: the first is bibliometric analysis of co-authored papers indexed in the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCIE) and of scientific publications collected from Scopus.	2
sample) tested whether nonscientists would be able to differentiate between peer-reviewed literature and preprints without an explanation of preprints and the peer-review process.	3
Papers from Hong Kong and Macau were not considered because Hong Kong and Macau is much more internationalized than mainland China (Wang et al.	2
The size of the label/circle of an item was determined by the weight of the item.	0
To properly obtain journal citation impact data, we downloaded the 2018 version of the journal metrics report by Scopus.	2
This bibliography was used to evaluate the productivity, structure, and dynamics of Mexican bioinformatics using the R programming language [15], including the ggplot2 and bibliometrix libraries [16].	3
GSDP data for the states were retrieved from the Reserve Bank of India website and utilized to estimate the GSDP to publications ratio for the last assessment year, i.e.	2
Participation in both craniofacial surgery and craniofacial orthodontics fellowship training was the strongest predictor of academic success (β > 0.332).	4
Collectively these three categories, when applied to this subset of submissions, result in a 65.6 percent rejection rate (Table 1).	4
Information storage and retrieval has given up its earlier strong position towards the end of the years analyzed.	4
Evaluation methods included: (1) pre- and post-workshop tests; (2) students' workshop evaluations; (3) faculty's ratings of protocol development; (4) students' productivity in clinical research after the workshop; (5) an independent assessment of the workshop.	3
For external validation, we correlated internal measures with the Journal Impact Factor (JIF) and citation in DynaMed Plus (DMP).	3
The respondents with shorter career ages were more likely to experience the negative collaboration experiences outlined in both models (i.e., feeling their contribution was greater than their coauthors and having at least on person receive coauthor credit without deserving it).	4
It identifies, among others, the annual evolution of publications, the most influential countries, the most relevant authors, the most prominent institutions supporting research, as well as the citations of IMM papers in major marketing, but also other, business and management journals.	1
Data were collected using a combination of document analysis, in-depth interviews, and workshop discussions.	2
A similar pattern is evident across different types of acknowledgements, except for acknowledgements of star help with access to materials, which shows an enduring effect even after a single acknowledgement.	4
A new comparison of institutions can be started by clicking on “Clear selection”.	0
In this research, we examine 1,510 journals from a large research university library, representing more than 40% of the university's annual subscription cost for electronic resources at the time of the study.	1
The 2,541 papers published in Scientometrics were contributed by 78 unique countries (or regions), 1,275 unique institutions, and 2,697 unique authors.	2
All original and review articles published in the 4 journals over the time period were included in this study.	2
Of the 3418 documents indexed in WoS, 857 were initially "Early Access," 2223 had citations, 393 had more than 20 citations, and 83 had more than 100 citations.	4
In the current study, all the text files were converted into six logical sections: “Abstract,” “Introduction,” “Related work,” “Methodology,” “Results,” and “Conclusion.”	3
A key outcome of this study is an identification of two database logics—New Public Management and Enlightenment—that underpin database designs and the organization of database work.	4
The Peirce's measure of “the science of the method" is given by the simple formula i = TT/(TT + FT) – TF/(TF + FF).	3
However, it seems unlikely to us that there is significant variation across institutions with respect to this tendency.	0
The interested reader is referred to Smith (2004) for a discussion on the role of Web links versus citations.	0
All bibliometric studies have limitations, and our study is no exception.	0
A multivariable Poisson log-linear regression analysis shows that papers mentioned on social media gain about 35% more citations in GS and 31% more citations in Sc.	4
After reconstructing and clarifying the debate (Section 2), I argue that ‘fund people, not projects’ is ambiguous between evaluations of individual researchers and what I call ‘research ecosystems’ (Section 3).	3
To assess the quantity and quality of research output, the number of publications including clinical trials, randomized controlled trials, meta-analyses, case reports, reviews, citations, impact factors, number of articles in the top 10 journals and most popular journals were recorded.	3
The study found that funded clinical research papers (public institution-funded and industry-funded) had significantly higher TC, CNCI, CP, and JIF than non-funded ones [TC: 8 (3–17) vs.	4
When executed over a big corpus the statistics are reliable to calculate the similarity between entities, However, from this semantic matrix, we cannot directly calculate similarities between articles.	0
Using data from the ProQuest dissertations and theses database, we identified the PhD advisor of the new hires in departments with a rotator and the remaining PhD students whom she/he supervised as the main advisor and who graduated in the same year as that of, two years before, and two years after the focal new hire.	2
WEART & Gertrud Weiss SZILARD, MIT Press, Cambridge, Ma., 1978, p.	0
This study explores country-level factors related to the dynamics of the global research collaboration network, focusing on structural associations between democratic governance and the strength of international research collaboration ties.	1
Does the literature on Buddhist studies contain recognizable specialties?	1
It is interesting to observe that despite being young and small institutions, IISERs have performed well in terms of research.	5
Only documents of type Journal Article in Scopus were included, because these are the primary research outputs in most fields.	2
In this section, we discuss results obtained on a per-hypothesis basis.	0
In medicine this may be due to the small number of cases.	0
The median number of Amazon reviews for BKCI monographs from 2008 in the data set is zero in all subject areas (Table 1).	4
The authors showed a moderate level of collaboration, mainly reflecting stronger links among neighbor countries, including co-authorships with North American and European countries.	4
Download the latest version of the NIH Open Citation Collection (Hutchins et al., 2019a) and add it as a table in the database.	2
On the whole, this study sheds light on, in a more detailed manner than previous studies, different performance of altmetrics in different disciplines within social sciences.	5
In particular, increased citation counts were predicted by a greater number of authors and the presence of results previews, and decreased citation counts were predicted by the presence of a proper name in the title and publication in a lower impact journal.	4
East and Southern Africa produced 17.8% of all documents (n = 12 249), West and Central Africa accounted for only 3.34% (n = 2300), and the Middle East and North Africa, 1.18% (n = 814).	4
To elucidate a definition in keeping with the principal-agent approach, this paper extends both former explanations of the research article and proposals of publications as attestations to science patrons.	1
having at least one paper in each year.	2
Success is defined as being indexed in international databases such as SCI (Science Citation Index) and Ei (Engineering Index) Compendex databases.	1
From each field/quadrant we selected one group that we studied in depth.	2
Visibility strategies (e.g., open access, increasing the Altmetric Attention Score, and self-citations) all influenced the number of citations accrued following publication.	4
Network analysis is used here to explore the answers to all of these questions.	1
In addition, the theory of 6° separation is valid in this network was also true.	5
Les deux requêtes incluant les journaux de catégorie A (ou A ou B) ont pu être ajoutées à une requête quelconque de PubMed, ce qui était un élément central en termes de faisabilité.	3
This study aimed to identify whether international collaborators influence the size and research disciplines in the South African-SADC collaboration.	1
The values found for the matches between the two models, by gamma level, were kappa = 0.477 (for g ≥ 0.2) and kappa = 0.8236 (for g ≥ 0.25).	4
Results of this study show that OA research might be an efficient way used by small firms to overcome the barrier to knowledge transfer created by high journal subscription costs.	5
While both clusters contain authors from all disciplines, pro-OA has significantly higher proportions of researchers in the life sciences or medicine, physical sciences, and engineering and computer science (see Table 5).	4
This problem also highlights the value of reframing studies from the perspective of particular individual users as case studies.	5
To study the distribution of references independently of the order in which the sections of the IMRaD structure appear in the texts, we reordered the sections in all articles to obtain a unique sequence: introduction, methods, results, discussion.	3
3 The complete list is accessible at http://attiministeriali.miur.it/UserFiles/115.htm, last accessed on March 15, 2013.	0
The 376 observations of Italian universities in the nine science disciplines show that in only 18% of cases there is evidence that institutional research performance is above or below the mean.	4
Likewise, the visualized coauthorship network allowed identification of current and potential collaborative partnerships of both Duke and non-Duke researchers.	4
All English-language full-text papers that were published between January 2009 and December 2014 in Korean medical journals indexed in KoreaMed Synapse were extracted.	2
Therefore, the mains of this study are to answer the following questions about the ecological literature on chronic anthropogenic disturbances.	1
However, with the more realistic PPP weighting, China passed the U.S. in 2014 and EU28 in 2015 to lead the world in this overall measure of economic output.	4
In this way, we ended up with a selection of 3794 publications on which our analysis is based.	2
Country of origin was defined based on the first author's address; the addresses of other authors were noted to determine if international collaboration was involved.	3
As a concluding remark, this study highlights that "Plagiarism is best addressed pedagogically.	5
At times, even the committee deciding the Nobel Prize each year has been criticised for improper selection of the candidate!	0
We found very strong evidence that Model 5 further improved model fit (BIC decreased clearly by more than 10; cf.	4
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
The rate of adoption was measured by the length of time it required publishers to adopt e-journal publishing.	3
When the mentions in peer review sites, as well as views, downloads, and reads, significantly deviate from the average, that could be an early warning sign.	5
(c) Emerging or declining themes (3° quadrant—Q3): Low centrality and density.	0
We consider the APS dataset which includes all papers published by the Society from 1893 to 2009.	2
The results show that BCCCC performs significantly better than state-of-the-art variants of BC in identifying highly related articles, which report conclusive results on the same specific topics.	4
The study was funded by the Fundamental Research Funds for the Central Universities B200207036.	0
The analysis indicates that the interest in the journal and gastronomy is increasing day by day, with a geometric growth rate of 63% on a yearly basis.	5
Research productivity in SEA on dementia has substantially increased in recent years.	5
The final dataset consisted of 4138 articles and 21,804 references with complete metadata information to measure scientific knowledge flow across nations and institutes.	2
Method 1 is the most simple but also the most restrictive of the three methods.	3
Based on 30 years of bibliometric data, we find that cover articles are cited significantly more than non-cover articles, with this difference being long-lasting.	4
Researchers listed in the bylines were grouped as first, second, middle, and last authors.	3
In February 2018, we retrieved from Scopus the articles by authors affiliated with Spanish institutions that were published between 2013 and 2017.	2
We found clusters related to different stages of the technological development (invention, innovation and imitation) and the knowledge translation process (preclinical, translational and clinical research), and we were able to map the historic emergence of Doxil as a paradigmatic nanodrug.	4
In this article we assess the health of software engineering conferences with respect to several criteria: community stability (author and PC turnover), openness to new authors, introversion, representativeness of the PC with respect to the authors' community, availability of PC candidates, and scientific prestige.	1
(3) the convergence cycle of knowledge in the field of solar energy was about 4 years; (4) keywords with higher betweenness centrality or eigenvector centrality easily generated knowledge convergence;	4
According to the results, the University of the Punjab (PU) website is placed at the top by securing 15 marks.	4
As with other metrics, the highest average proportions cited of books across 26 fields were seen for Google Books Citations (74.12%), Scopus Citations (69.39%), and Goodreads Reviews (55.17%), which all agree with the previous observations (reviewed in Table 1).	4
Tourism, leisure and hospitality research is clearly concentrated in 9 countries which make up around 80% of total global production.	4
The empirical study in this article investigates the probability and cumulative distributions (PD and CD, respectively) of the time of receiving the first citation (N = 1).	3
More specifically, the paper aims at answering the following research questions:	0
We analyse the publication pipeline for four development journals: Economic Development and Cultural Change (EDCC), the Journal of Human Development and Capabilities (JHDC), the Review of Development Economics (RDE) and the Journal of African Economies (JAE).	2
The majority of these articles were reviews (37%) or observational (cross-sectional or cohort) clinical studies (29%), but a significant number were systematic reviews or meta-analyses (12%), randomized controlled trials (10%), or guidelines (2%).	4
The objective of this research is to determine (i) the quantity and quality of publications in biomedical research in top-producing countries in West Africa during 2005-2014, as well as (ii) the characteristics of the journals used by the researchers and collaborative evidence in the area.	1
Errors with minimal severity most commonly occurred in the author list 197(82.43%), with typographic error being the predominant cause.	4
In addition, to highlight differences in academic output based on demographic variables, subgroup analyses will include output relative to gender in this cohort of dermatologists and the association between academic appointments and bibliographic outcomes.	1
In this paper, we attempt to investigate what exactly constitutes the field of marine biodiversity in terms of content, to understand what regions play what role in the production of scientific knowledge within the field, and finally to assess whether international collaboration has an effect on the thematic focus of research.	1
Further research is required to assess the variation in long-term citation rates based on open access publishing status.	5
Received 28 February 2005; received in revised form 18 July 2005; accepted 24 August 2005	0
This global analysis also shows that even deadly substances from the jungle such as curare may gain importance in Western research and be developed into health products.	5
The distribution by career stage was performed using the standard EU definition, in which R1 denotes a first stage researcher (up to the point of PhD), R2 denotes a recognized researcher (PhD holders or equivalent who are not yet fully independent), R3 denotes an established researcher (researchers who have developed a level of independence), and R4 denotes a leading researcher (researchers who are leading their research area or field).	3
This was a cross-sectional study of Imperial College London-authored research outputs related to COVID-19.	2
All experiments described in this section were conducted using the University of Málaga (Spain) as the input research institution and, therefore, their researchers as users of Ogmios.	2
The sample includes all studies published in the top journal in library science in China from 2006 to 2015.	2
There is a significant correlation with the h Index: the more articles and more citations, the higher the h index.	5
In this study, predictions of the previously fitted regression models are calculated to facilitate the understanding and interpretation of the results.	3
Совокупность авторов состоит из двух подмножеств М1, М2 с числом элементов, соответственно, т1, т2.	2
In order to examine the developments in Norwegian impact, we use two basic indicators developed at CWTS, Leiden University: the mean normalized citation score (MNCS) and the proportion of publications among the 10% most highly cited in the database (PPtop10%).	3
With this study we try to address the following research questions: 1) How well can a bibliometric model predict the final decision of an expert panel?	1
We searched in the Web of Science database for the 300 most cited articles published in periodontology on June 15, 2015.	2
This article extracts AHFS DI Essentials documents from Drugs.com and assesses whether articles referenced in these information sheets have their value recognised by higher Scopus citation counts.	1
To fully understand the current status of NIH funding for surgeon-scientists in the US, we queried the NIH extramural portfolio database for active NIH grants awarded to surgeon-scientists in all surgical specialties and subspecialties in June of 2020.	1
The total inventions in the second year is simply the set of five patents P = {1, 2, 3, 4, 5}, the collection of distinct technologies is identified by the set of technology codes T = {A, B, C, D, E}, and the set of distinct combinations of codes used to describe inventions is C = {A, AB, CDE, E}.	3
We then use DEA to rate the journals, producing in effect rating scores in the range from 0.55705 to 1, which yield 729 unique ranks, with 786 tied ranks.	4
In PE, the differences between funded and non-funded applicants are strong and highly significant, whereas in LS, they are rather weak and non-significant.	4
Of the authors whose work appeared in 2007 and 2009 in the 23 identified high-impact journals, 1,986 were affiliated with U.S. institutions—992 in 2007 and 994 in 2009.	2
Several regional patterns observed; Asia is much more likely to produce texts that are aligned with genetic sequencing (in one way or another) - Genetic Diversity, Gene Sequencing and Genetic Taxonomy, and is less prevalent (in comparison) in the Environmental Management cluster.	4
*This work was supported by European Cancer Research Managers Forum (ECRM) and a previous EU 5th Framework grant (QLG1-CT-2002-30203/ECRM).	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at https://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=usrv20	0
Our results demonstrated low levels of 'population genetics of Neotropical plants' publications, which indicate the need to accelerate and increase research funding in this area.	5
We evaluate each of the Astro clustering solutions by how much they structurally align with the four validation datasets introduced above.	3
We may thereby find that minor renowned scientists take a larger ratio of science publications (Khosrowjerdi et al.	0
We used SPSS (Statistical Package for Social Science) software version 16.0 for data management and analysis.	3
For CJNM and JANPR, 75.931% and 87.154% of the publications were contributed by China mainland authors, whereas the foreign contributions of the other six journals are relatively high.	4
This finding suggests that the institutional context influences research practices in artistic disciplines and that university structures enhance scientification of publishing practices.	5
We also argue that the research environment would be more likely to be enhanced if the number of outputs submitted in future was an average of two and a maximum of four per academic, rather than the maximum of five currently being considered.	5
2 Department of Urology, University of Kansas Medical Center, Kansas City, MO, USA	0
However, after normalization with population, the performance of Oman, Qatar, and Kuwait looks far better than Saudi Arabia in terms of research productivity.	4
This study makes novel contributions through the automatic construction and subsequent application of a complete DKS.	5
Findings also showed no significant difference between the correlation of Journal self-citation and impact factor in two databases (P=0.526) however, there was significant difference between the author's self-citation and impact factor in these databases (P<0.001).	4
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
This research found an increase in the use of social and economic topics in interdisciplinary carbon cycle science research from 2007 to 2013 associated with the NACP members and the papers they have written.	5
This could partly explain the differences in the author order observed between France and Japan.	5
Two impact indexes were estimated, H and G index.	3
Data collection is mainly based on in-depth interviewing, since interactions often are not recorded in documents (Spaapen and Van Drooge 2011).	2
., R that are characteristic for the domain and evaluate their specific "hotness" by assessing the trends.	1
The current section provides graphical visualisations of bibliographic coupling, co-citation, and co-occurrence of keywords.	3
The subfield with the heaviest tail, and therefore with the least obsolescence, is History.	4
Instead we chose a stratified multistage sampling based on the size of the publishers by first splitting the publishers into four size strata (100+ journals, 10–99 journals, 2–9 journals and single-journal) and then randomly sampling publishers within each of these strata.	3
He discovered that 78 % of these papers were published in conferences, but the journal papers in DBLP have on average 4.51 citations, as opposed to 0.71 citations per publication for conference papers.	4
Our results indicate that pretask warnings may be an effective and easy-to-implement alternative to honor codes in two distinct online contexts.	5
In order to analyze the currents and patterns of scientific knowledge production in North Korea, publication data were collected using papers published in the North Korean journal titled Technological Innovation.	2
IB research faces a similar trend as in management research in general (Geringer and von Glinow 1999; Kirkman and Law 2005): a decreasing rate of sole-authored publications for all regions (Fig.	4
The purpose of the study is to analyze articles on Kyphoplasty.	1
We evaluated the top 13 journals in trauma and orthopaedics by impact factor and looked at the longer-term effect regarding citations of their papers.	1
In short, this paper provides a clear exposition of the hoped-for role of the h-index in the evaluation of scientists: that it serves as a useful complement to other indicators that are more subjective, and that it contributes to the progress of science by aiding decision-making on allocation of research resources in a more effective way, and on rewarding researchers who contribute to scientific progress in a more fair way.	1
This Letter to the Editor proposes some benchmarks which can be used for supporting the interpretation of institutional differences.	1
Regarding the field of computer science, we used a pre-selected set of papers from Aminer publicly available on-line which contains ～2.3M papers and ～10.4M citation relationships.	2
Tabulations were made of the numbers of papers from each country or the LFR region(s) within the country for each of the eight years, and of the total from all the LFRs combined.	0
We study the long-term evolution of the Turing Award Collaboration Network, and it can be considered as a microcosm of the computer science field from 1974 to 2016.	1
The researchers queried Web of Science and Altmetric Explorer for articles published in HPE journals between 2013–2015.	2
To tackle the information load of scholarly publications, we formalize the research problem of emerging scientific topic discovery into an objective of accurate prediction of the most influential emerging topics using a concise result-expression manner, which is easier to be understood by people.	1
Therefore, we used a three-step procedure for indirect data crossing, as illustrated in Figure 3a-c, which exemplifies the country-publication year.	3
Data were retrieved from Scopus, and this study's statistical population includes 840 retracted publications.	2
In summary, this mathematical-based study demonstrates that even in ideal lists of journals that do not mix field scopes, the use of JIFs as surrogates of citation frequencies leads to a high proportion of wrong decisions in research evaluations.	5
This study provides a historical perspective on the scientific progress on AKI, and highlights areas of research requiring further investigations and developments.	5
The lowest PP was in Health Sciences, with only 0.29% overall, indicating that the contribution of reviewers are hardly acknowledged.	5
This study provides a retrospective overview of the IJLM articles between 1990 and 2019.	1
Our study demonstrates evidence that research productivity related to paracetamol poisoning has increased rapidly during the recent years.	5
Medical Sciences were predominant in the Mexican scientific output covered by Dimensions (Table 1).	4
To achieve this aim, 423 peer-reviewed articles, the associated 12,881 references, and 101,019 sentences published in library and information science literature in Turkey were thoroughly examined.	2
Here, these quantitative measures are supplemented by qualitative ones from WTEC assessments and by survey results of scientists and the public, which present a more nuanced conclusion.	3
1b) floristic and phytosociological studies (38%, FLOPHY), floristic studies (45%, FLO), and phytosociology studies (17%, PHY).	2
The mean value of the absolute differences between all pairwise comparisons is proposed here as the benchmark (or expected value) for the interpretation of MNCS differences between two universities.	3
Eight clusters are identified (Figure 5), clearly differentiated from each other, to the point that some of them are not even interconnected with the others.	4
At the time of selection, the study being selected has received about three times as many citations as the deselected—slightly more for younger studies than older.	4
Altmetric data were retrieved from altmetric.com's advanced search option (https:// www.altmetric.com/explorer) on July 25th, 2017.	2
...for which semi-structured in-depth interviews were conducted with study participants.	3
The concept of citation generation is adopted for identifying and classifying other publications with different levels of relatedness to the core set.	3
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The purpose of this study is to provide a detailed bibliometric analysis of the journal's primary trends and themes between 1986 and 2019.	1
On average, foreign-based economists publish in “higher-quality” journals but it is also possible to find economists based on national institutions among the most productive and most cited.	5
Of all duplicated articles, 53.4% were classified as copies, 27.8% as salami slicing, and 18.8% as aggregation (imalas).	4
Within this population, 91.2 % of articles were multi-authored.	4
Habit was only found to have a significant impact on intention to submit OA when it played a role as a full mediator for the effects of the intentional antecedents.	4
These observations indicate that smaller collaborations composed of early superstars young, rapidly successful researchers with relatively high and similar h-indices may be at least as influential in biomedical research as larger collaborations with different demographics.	5
Пусть функции ик непрерывны по совокупности переменных и вогнуты по (Xk, Sk).	4
This approach resulted in a data set containing information for 18,499 scholarly works for the period 1990–2012.	2
The PubMed entry date was defined as the Entrez date, the date the citation was added to the PubMed database.	3
These authors calculated a measure of Consolidation or Disruptiveness, the ‘CD index', with values from -1 for the least disruptive research to +1 for the most disruptive.	3
A total of 74% of government citations (5467) in our study are from 66 countries (Table 8).	4
As a rule, for any given article, there is little overlap between its set of citing articles, co-cited articles, bibliographically coupled articles, and PubMed Similar articles.	4
A visual representation of author perceptions and the factors involved in the selection of OA journals has been summarized below:	0
Are the relationships obtained through co-location in specific organisations persistent and important enough to become part of the scientists' core knowledge networks?	1
Intracohort mobility mostly takes place in the middle strata of the cohort, with the Lowest and Highest deciles being characterized by a notable lack of mobility (as well captured by the discrepancies with respect to our random walk model of mobility).	5
Results of the GAM found no significant relationship between probability of acceptance and number of reviewer invitations sent, which indicates that the number of reviewer invitations sent cannot be used to predict the decision outcome for a manuscript.	4
Hypothesis 2 (Novelty): Research combining knowledge in novel ways is more likely to address emerging technological topics than is research involving conventional knowledge combinations.	1
This study investigates the extent to which a company's usage of open access (OA) literature for R&D activities depends on its size.	1
The most common subspecialties involved were basic science (51.8%), followed by vitreoretinal diseases (13.3%) and cornea and external diseases (7.1%).	4
Finally, the co-authorship networks of mobile and non-mobile researchers reveals that mobile researchers have a more diverse social capital and better access to influential scholars in their network compared to non-mobile researchers.	5
Parts of this work are supported by National Science Council under the grant number NSC102-2410-H-002-203.	0
The proportion of papers with authors from two or more institutions in one nation was much larger than the proportion entailing multiple nations and expanded by almost as much, from 35.1% in 1996 to 44.4% in 2018 (NSB, 2020, Table S5A-32).	4
A bibliometric analysis was performed on the 100 most-cited articles.	3
Bibliometric analysis to clarify the areas of the most cited articles including forward and backward citations.	3
It may well be inappropriate to suggest they should be a party to such identification.	0
For the years shown, the citation median of open documents is 2.2 times the citation median of paywalled documents.	4
We propose a new approach to recommend scientific literature, a domain in which the efficient organization and search of information is crucial.	1
Our model reveals disturbing results and demonstrates that the current, broadly accepted, academic practices for collaborations are designed in a way that stimulates authors to raise an ultimatum and stopped only by their integrity and not by a systematic design.	5
We did not study citations of meeting abstracts, conference proceedings, editorial notices, historical notes, etc.	2
This work contributes a comprehensive review of the scientific production in WPS, combining previously segregated approaches from a scientific viewpoint.	5
The purpose of this study is to spotlight the trends and hot topics in the subject category of Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging with the bibliometric analysis of highly cited papers to help researchers get the most updated information in the future study.	1
Studies from 1997 to 2010 were categorised under one of four types of science along the research pipeline – pre-clinical, phase I–III trials, product development, and public health research.	3
We conduct ANOVA on the measurement items of research productivity of the two groups of data.	3
The final list consisted of 197 scholars from 32 institutions, including 35 scholars from NZ and 162 scholars from Australia.	2
The PG student-teacher ratio does not seem to have any significant impact on publication rate.	4
We estimated the degree of correlation between English proficiency at enrollment and the self-reported level of English proficiency with the Pearson correlation coefficient.	3
For this reason, we limit our firm-level analysis to firms that have been issued at least 20 patents for the EPO data, which refers to 3548 firms, and at least 15 patents for the USPTO data, which filters 2819 firms (see Table 1).	2
2020), each of the 1246 articles published in the 10 predatory marketing journals under examination received 8.776 citations.	4
After selecting the options, ISI Web of Databases then created a report that represents the analysis of data.	3
In contrast to PE, in LS, the distributions of the mean JIFs regarding funded and non-funded applicants differ considerably in favour of the funded (Fig.	4
In this section, the results of an analysis based on the h-index developed by Hirsch (2005) are contrasted with the H-Classics developed by Martínez et al. (2014).	3
Our analysis of the price-increasing effects of market concentration, the choice of the hybrid-strategy, as well as the size of the publishers, they all support the hypothesis that market power inflates APC.	5
The level of significance is marked by stars: *** p < 0.001; NS = not significant.	0
Our research question is whether visual exploration of literature datasets can benefit from GPT (generative pre-trained transformer) text embeddings.	1
Additional controls of field and program size are not reported but are available upon request.	0
The clusters are then labelled to find the exact rank of a science journal by using a state-of-the-art technique of labelling clusters.	3
After thus defining the information, two search strategies were established to obtain two separate groups of registered data.	3
We particularly select the journal and conference papers published in 2005 to ensure that all publications have the same length of time window for accumulating citations.	2
The study covers manuscripts submitted to ESA journals from 1 January 2004 to 31 December 2016.	1
This study collected data from the PubMed Knowledge Graph (PKG), which is an open dataset built by Xu et al. (2020).	2
Each program was ranked based on the total departmental h-index as reported by Khan et al.	3
Using articles published in core journals in Web of Science (SCIE, SSCI & A&HCI) during 2009 (n=955,639), we first examine, using the measure Proportion explained variation (PEV), to what extent the publication-level approaches can explain and correct for variation in the citation distribution that stems from subject matter heterogeneity.	1
The exact pivot of the paradigm shift addresses a drastic change in the BT firm business models–‘capability to connectivity model’.	5
However, our analysis revealed that there was a moderate correlation between peer review scores and citation impact levels (as measured by TRC).	5
The core Web of Science indexes were used as the data source, and 123,742 articles were examined in-depth for time series analysis.	2
Another striking outcome is that the ranked list of articles differed substantially depending on the stringent criterion of the respondents having actually read them.	5
We created a dataset of articles using the tool Publish or Perish (PoP) to search by journal title to retrieve 51 587 article metadata records and their citation counts from Google Scholar from 2 to 17 April 2015.	2
The coalition S of scholarly articles illustrated in Table 1 is composed of four papers, S = {1, 2, 3, 4}, and the worth of S is the sum of (individual) citation impacts of the papers in the coalition:	2
Citation and patent indicators paint an unpromising picture of station science.	4
The second set of interviews stems from a project on scientific collaborations of European and African scientists, aiming at mapping and assessing the recent developments in funding of medical and engineering topics.	2
Encouraging greater cooperation among these institutions and their researchers would promote the exchange of knowledge, ultimately facilitating and accelerating advancements in this field.	5
We use two indicators, and not just one, to strengthen possible outcomes.	0
This study provides a reference for the construction and applications of DKS based on academic resources, and it plays an enlightening and driving role in summarizing and combing discipline knowledge from CLIS.	5
Systematic random sampling was used to take 5% sample journals from the SCI and SSCI lists, with every 1st, 21st, 41st, 61st, and so forth journal selected.	3
The study revealed that out of 647 papers published, a large number of the papers, that is 457 (70.6%), were published in journals, while 190 (29.4%) were published as conference proceedings and stored in institutional repositories.	4
If an article has an extraordinarily large number of citations, it was authored by a practitioner.	4
The current system is very poorly suitable for assessing a person's contribution.	4
In other words, although education experts understand the revised curriculum in the context of development-application-improvement, the public tends to understand it piecemeal, focusing on application.	5
The goal of the research in this article is to answer several questions:	1
Participants were not asked whether they were Latinos, but at least three were Latinos.	0
Through distinguishing innovative papers and keywords, we find that signposted research of COVID-19 related research mainly focus on clinical characteristics and virus detection.	5
Up to 57% of research was in infectious diseases, followed by non-communicable diseases (20%) and non-communicable maternal child health (11%).	4
the highest skill at the Exchequer does not lie in calculations, but in judgements of all kinds”.	0
From 72 marine biology master's theses 5,747 serial citations were obtained and analyzed.	4
We obtained, from the admissions office of the FMUSP Graduate Program in Psychiatry, the scores on the English proficiency tests presented by students for enrollment in the program.	2
(2016), DARE provides an original method combining narratives, maps, and indicators, to support a multi-dimensional analysis of teams engaged in knowledge production and application.	5
Other data used in the analysis are not drawn from publications but are closely related to their production.	2
Therefore, aiming to construct a bilingual (English and Japanese) content-based map of science for the analyses of ST &I information resources in different languages, this article proposes a method for creating word and paragraph vectors corresponding to bilingual textual information in the same multidimensional space.	1
June 2020, and amidst Covid-19, representatives from Elsevier are presenting a webinar entitled 'Avoiding predatory publishing using Scopus and SciVal' to researchers from universities across Africa and the Middle East (Elsevier 2020).	2
Patent data come from the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) historical patent data files.	2
The funder had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
The association between editorial diversity and the journal's metrics and country of origin was analyzed using the x2 test and the Mann-Whitney U test.	3
That question has a long tradition in the economics of science.	0
In the multivariate analysis, a significant association was found between authors residing in India and perceived honorary authorship—adjusted OR (95% CI): 2.05 [1.08, 3.88], p = .028.	4
Semantic Network Analysis (SNA) based on text-mining was used to compare the semantic relationship of opinions of experts and the public on the development of national education policy.	3
In this article we attempt to reconstruct the tacit and implicit notions of quality in the humanities.	1
Using constructivist grounded theory, the authors conducted and analyzed 27 semi-structured phone interviews (August–November 2016) with medical education researchers.	2
In this article, we address this gap in the literature with a detailed analysis of comments left on articles published in seven journals published by the Public Library of Science (PLOS).	1
For this study, we decided to focus on two well-known IEEE journals in the field of education, i.e., IEEE Transactions on Learning Technologies (TLT) (TLT 2016a) and IEEE Transactions on Education (ToE) (ToE 2016a) from IEEE Xplore.	2
We employed a bibliometric analysis with the objective of investigating and comparing Middle East countries in terms quantity and quality of forestry research.	5
In all, 219 HSR&D CDA recipients from fiscal year (FY) 1991 through FY2010; 154 ΝΙΗ Κ01, K08, and K23 awardees FY1991–FY2010; and 69 AHRQ K01 and K08 awardees FY2000–FY2010 were included.	2
This research note aimed to analyze the scientific productivity trends 2015–2019, focusing on the top 30 universities in Europe and United States and on the top 30 private companies-as classified in the SCImago Institutions Ranking.	1
This demonstrates that immigration is not only relevant for individual medicine, but it is in fact an important aspect for public health and subsequently for a whole nation's health system.	5
The term co-occurrence frequencies served as input for the visualisation of similarities (VOS) mapping technique.	3
This study obtained data from Scopus published from I January 2003 till 31 December 2012.	2
The spatial pattern of port importance reveals a significant correlation between crucial maritime transport hubs and their proximity to major global straits and canals, including the Straits of Malacca, Gibraltar, and Bab el-Mandeb, the Turkish Straits, and the Suez and Panama Canals.	4
1 Department of Management, College of Business, Ohio University, Athens, OH 45701, USA	0
Secondly, our study also provides insights into how doctoral mentors exert continuous influence on their mentees' academic careers.	5
On the other hand, Spanish Communication literature exhibits greater thematic coherence (i.e., what is researched) than intellectual coherence (i.e., which perspectives or theoretical foundations are applied).	5
With regards to child neurology-based articles, 1501 were published in general pediatrics journals, 643 in general neurology journals and 685 in neurology subspecialty journals.	4
The dataset includes three types of publications: Research Article, Review Article, and Conference Paper with at least one co-author from McMaster University.	2
Four groups are considered: the 50s and 60s papers and the papers published during 1980-1984 (first 80s) and those published during 1985-1989 (second 80s) as two separate groups.	2
Explored challenges and relevant solutions correspond to Bronfenbrenner system theory's microsystem, exosystem, and macrosystem levels.	4
Therefore, spatial proximity does not ensure a good and fair collaboration relationship.	5
Taking Chinese humanities and social sciences (HSS) as an example, this study uses the latent Dirichlet allocation topic model to identify the topics of the HSS projects and papers funded by China's national research funds.	1
Performance and collaboration of 30 scientists who worked in DCP for the whole time	0
The distribution is from Bradford (1948), as grouped by Sichel (1985).	0
One hundred and thirty-nine publications received 100 or more citations, but there were many never-cited publications.	4
Nephrology, Neurology, Anatomy and Pharmacology were the least published subjects in JCPSP.	4
Although interest in interdisciplinary research is growing, it is still confronted with significant obstacles stemming from difficulties in establishing a common understanding.	1
Parmon, full member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, is made.	1
To address this question, we searched for UK-based authors of peer-reviewed papers that were published between January 2006 and February 2018 and received over 1000 citations in Scopus.	1
After rounds of scrupulous validation and cross-checking, our analyzing dataset consists of 381 Ph.D.	2
Consistent with prior research, psychoanalysis and behaviorism exhibit significant declines in prominence.	4
In this study, several bibliometric indicators and mapping techniques were used to achieve the objectives using VOS Viewer, Citespace, and R studio Bibliometrix package.	3
The co-citation map links two publications when they are cited by the same article of the corpus (see Note 3).	3
In this paper, we have proposed an enriched definition of the Europeanisation of research, considering that it should be assessed along the major functions of the research systems and along various types of relationships among member states.	5
Top journals were identified using the Google Scholar Top Publication database, an online catalogue of the most impactful academic journals as determined by h-5 index, which is the largest number “h” such that “h” articles published by the journal in the last five years have at least "h" citations each.	2
Most of the articles origins were from the United States (30.37%), United Kingdom (7%), Germany (4.20%), and France (3.73%).	4
Research on innovation in BMA from LATAM has surpassed the expectations in terms of net output, yet its current impact and inter-regional gaps outline several concerns for the field in the upcoming years.	5
The JCR, provided by Thomson Reuters, is used to construct an adequate list of the core social work journals.	2
To overcome this limitation, we present an optimization ranking algorithm that leverages the P-Rank algorithm and weighted citation networks to provide a more accurate article ranking.	1
Taking the research content as an example, the processing flow is shown in Figure 3.	0
In the final step of our analysis, we used the same PubMed searches to illustrate the resulting networks with the tools available on GoPubMed (gopubmed.org).	3
Journals in this category of the Science Citation Index Expanded were included in the study.	2
This study contributes to our understanding of two distinguishable characteristics of scientific knowledge.	5
In Ambio, 202 (5.9%) of 3405 papers were highly cited papers including one classic article with a TC2019 of 1126.	4
The architecture of the CORE API Client library is designed to offer an intuitive and simple interface for interacting with the CORE web API service.	3
Therefore, the purpose of this article is to examine the relationship between altmetrics and two traditional measures of dissemination and impact in HPE: journal article citations and article access counts.	1
3, one finds the i = 1, 2, 4; 9, 11 subfields, and in Fig.	3
The mean RNIF based on two-year IF of OA journals is below 0.5 for all fields except multidisciplinary, which has 0.521.	4
The incorporation of publications that have been retracted is a risk in reliable evidence synthesis.	1
The download of biopython and openbabel is less than the other 5 software, as their absolute number is very few.	4
In linked-based metrics, HITS (Hub), HITS (authority), PageRank, and co-citation had the highest power, respectively; but the bibliographic coupling and Amsler could not enter the model.	4
To assess the statistical significance of shifts in scientific output across distinct time frames (1900-1959, 1960–1989, 1990–2023), the chi-square test (x2) offers a suitable analytical tool.	3
The objective of this work is to evaluate different h-index prediction models for the field of Computer Science.	1
The annus mirabilis is simply the maximal observation in this distribution.	3
He has published numerous books and journal articles on various topics relating to libraries and information.	0
How stable are citation-based journal rankings over time?	1
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The data is publicly available21 and contains over 25 million articles.	2
At first glance, it seems like only a few users' accesses could be satisfied by TAIR (2,845 records, 2.288%) and OAIster (7,645 records, 6.148%).	0
The HJ-Biplot (Galindo 1986), an extension of the classical biplots introduced by Gabriel (1971), is an exploratory technique for discovering hidden patterns in a data matrix.	3
How accurate are standard formulae for confidence intervals for the geometric mean and proportion in the top X% most cited for data from citation distributions?	1
Share of PPJ in all research articles in different fields (1999-2008).	0
Larger Canadian departments tended to generate higher research volume and obtained more federal funding, but smaller departments also contributed significantly, and sometimes surpassed larger departments, in terms of research impact and cost-efficiency.	5
Linear regression model was used for each bibliometric indicator, in which the dependent variable was the indicator and the independent variable was the year1??2?.	3
Finally, it is important to note that none of the databases showed a decline in coverage, thus fulfilling the requirement of stability.	0
1Department Applied and Molecular Microbiology, Institute of Biotechnology, Technische Universit?t Berlin, Gustav-Meyer-Allee 25, 13355 Berlin, Germany	0
This longitudinal study investigates a correlation between scientific production and access to information sources.	3
Following the aforementioned selections, it is possible to analyse a sample of data that consists of 5002 works done by Italian professors of economics published during the period 2007–2016.	2
All documents were then imported into NVivo V.12 and subjected to thematic analysis as described by Braun and Clarke1?	3
Keywords used are: “water quality" and "river” and “assess*” and “simulat*".	2
We document that the association between the outcome of responsible assessment and journal rankings is stronger for the prestigious outputs, answering the second research question.	4
Building on the sociological work of Bourdieu (1993), Medvetz (2012b), and Hauck (2017), Table 2 sets out the symbolic forms of power and prestige that are made available by different parent fields related to impact.	3
(2018), demonstrating the lack of consensus among editors about the acceptability of TR in its various manifestations and pointing back to the professional uncertainties described in the introduction to this article.	5
The universities are: University of Jos, (UNIJOS); Covenant University (CU), Otta; University of Nigeria, Nsukka, (UNN); Federal University of Technology, Akure; (FUTA), and Ahmadu Bello University (ABU), Zaria (OpenDOAR, 2013).	2
Journal articles represented 81% of the total sample, while books comprised only 7% of the sample.	4
In the period 2009-2012 all institutions published 4,372 scientific articles; 3,455 (79%) were published by academies of physical education, whereas 917 (21%) by academics of eight other types of institutions.	4
In this work, we propose to rank scientific publications and their producers employing the PageRank defined on a bipartite interconnected multilayer structure that accounts for citations within and across different disciplines.	3
They also showed that disciplines or interdisciplinarity did not explain brokerage roles, which were better explained by the personal characteristics of researchers.	5
Based on Hall et al.'s “Conceptual Model for Evaluation of Collaborative Initiatives,” the project period was separated into phases of “collaborative readiness,” “collaborative capacity,” and “collaborative products.”	3
Address reprint requests to Dr Powers: Box 523, University Hospital, Charlottesville, VA 22908.	0
Utilizing an iterative approach to find best estimates of the size of ASEBDs extends the methodologies used in scientometrics and information science.	3
Data of the number of publication by area for each country for the years starting 1998 came from the database of Scopus compiled by SCImago [17], whereas data for 1982 and 1992 was compiled manually by us from the Web of Science.	2
A comparison of HTML source code between indexed and non-indexed journals illustrated that certain metadata and other coding features may have affected the visibility of non-indexed journal content.	3
On average, there were 2.26 movements per person (mp) during Phase A, 2.22 mp during Phase B, and a significant decrease to 0.54 mp during Phase C.	4
The paper has presented a bibliometric overview and visualized research structure of the Baltic Journal of Road and Bridge Engineering from 2006 to 2019.	5
The main findings were: (a) researchers play down difficulties of establishing trustworthiness, not because there are none, but because they have well-developed methods of establishing trust; (b) citation-derived metrics are becoming more important in regard to where researchers publish; (c) social media are ancillary to research, but are used for promotion of research and idea generation; (d) researchers are suspicious and confused about open access, but less so if produced by a traditional publisher; (e) there was a uniformity of perceptions/behaviour of researchers irrespective of differences in subject, country, and age; (f) although some early career researchers behave the same as their more senior colleagues this is because of a fear of the system: they actually think differently.	4
More specifically, we use NamePrism, which classifies scientists into six different racial groups: Asian / Pacific Islander (API), American Indian / Alaskan Native (AIAN), Black, Hispanic, Two or more races (2PRACE), and White59.	3
According to the interpretation used in the present study, data were analyzed based on Smith and Osborn's (2004) method using MAXQDA 2020, which are as follows:	3
Our survey results revealed a disconnect between guidelines proposed by the ESA and ICMJE and actual author contributions to ecological studies.	5
Using the data from the bibliographic portfolio, the alpha values from 0 to 10 were applied and their influence on the final qualification of the articles was analysed.	2
766 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—July 2002	0
The network analysis between keywords was performed by Netminer 4.0, a social network analysis software.	3
Surgeons with graduate degrees were proportionately more likely to participate in research publications both during training (100% of PhD, 82% of Masters, and 38% of clinical-only graduates, p < 0.05) and after training (91% of PhD, 81% of Masters, and 44% of clinical-only graduates, p < 0.05).	4
A point that calls attention to this fact is that the most prestigious international economists, who are frequently present in the lay media, are also distinguished in the academic environment.	1
Of particular interest is the growth in research productivity of Asia, which was 8.45% in 1985–1990 and increased to 25.00% in 2005–2010.	4
At the author level, Dummer P.M.H had the greatest influence on the network.	4
In the present study, data were analyzed statistically using SPSS and LISREL software.	0
The model adopts a hierarchical multiple regression method, where the first layer includes control variables and then adding the independent variable in the second layer.	3
N82 contains 82 papers from Nature, which are determined by the following procedures: First, select top five most cited Nature publications in each publication year in Table 1; second, eliminate papers appeared in Table 1 from the collection; and third, delete papers appeared in SCI100, SSCI100 or AHCI100.	2
However, their systematic presentation is proposed in order to explore the organizational and institutional conditions for the production of such ‘positioning indicators’, a subject to which we will devote the second part of the paper.	0
The variables significantly associated with an increased citation count were; the number of years since publication, the number of authors, publication in FAI and if the article was a review.	4
In summary, based on these diverse perspectives, we conclude that ?10 best corrects both the temporal and field biases characterizing C10.	4
Topicality analysis of RIs and SIs was done using word space models, a proven and lasting text modeling technique widely used in computational semantics.	3
Overall, books published on American politics are cited least frequently.	4
First, a global one investigates the fully aggregated 'demography' (population in terms of countries and disciplines) of the database, with the aim to classify countries and disciplines according to their normalised activity behaviour.	3
The inclusion criterion for Cochrane reviews was that they had to have a group name listed in the byline of the article.	2
Of note, the proportion in 2013 was approximately double (17.8%, N=23) compared to the other two rounds (2012: 9.0%, N=23; 2016: 7.9%, N=31) (Table 2).	4
The goal of our investigation was to identify the 100 most frequently cited articles that describe the advances in diabetes research.	1
The datasets studied consisted of 5771 researchers in 39 U.S. universities.	2
Faculty with a rank of assistant professors and above [AOR (95% CI) 3.47(2.31, 5.21)], those who have a Ph.D.	4
This final article is available for use under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial 2.0 Licence; see http://bmjopen.bmj.com	0
We thank Daniel Salsbury for providing us with data and Carl Bergstrom, Simon Levin, Martin Nowak, and Randy Schekman for helpful thoughts and suggestions.	0
It shows a peak age of publication of 45 years.	4
Here, the prestige of academic journals in different subject categories is characterized statistically by impact-factor histograms.	3
Our study revealed that OA had significant and positive effects on the policy impact of research.	5
However, the findings and implications of the study should be handled with caution because this study is, by nature, an early-stage exploration that relies on the bibliometric analyses on SCIE journal articles only.	0
A detailed case for these premises is not possible in the available space.	0
The article introduces a conceptual framework of how trust in researchers may be formed based on how the researchers' experiences and achievements are mobilized on the profiles to tell a multifaceted story of the “self."	1
From this, the authors obtained a subset of all scholarly articles published in 2015 that had at least one citation (through February 2017) and at least one tweet with at least one user mention, as captured by Altmetric.com.	2
Discipline-wise the sample was dominated by participants stating Economics as their primary field of research (60%), followed by Social Sciences (23%) and Other (7%).	2
The USA had the highest number of average citations, while Japan had lowest number of average citations.	4
The objective of the present study was to fill this gap.	1
Of course, this is a simplification because large team research might involve groups of researchers from different institutions, perhaps often including junior researchers with little “audience” of their own.	0
McVeigh and Mann have reported that the percentage of noncitable items may vary from 10% to >80% of the contents of general journals as the Brit Med J, JAMA, Lancet, and New Engl J Med.	4
To what extent do the performance scores of the universities ranked by the single-faceted ARS can predict their future scores in the multi-faceted ARS?	1
In summary, this case study on scholarly social media use provides evidence that closely observing the circumstances among which different kinds of altmetrics arise is necessary to get to an informed picture of what they express.	5
This dataset comprises highly cited researchers with low ratios of self-citations (approximately 0%) up to 93% self-citations.	2
We searched for publications of these persons in 2011 to 2013 on PubMed, identified author position, coauthors, and type of article, as well as journal impact factor (JIF).	2
Field-and-year-normalized citation scores for all articles were collected and divided by the average annual number of citations received for all articles published in the same year and belonging to the same NSF discipline.	3
In this study, we compare the capacities of Risklick AI to find COVID-19-related clinical trials compared to clinicaltrials.gov [16] and scientific publications in comparison with PubMed.	1
Although the results using these two methods for making co-word maps are recognizably similar and significantly correlated statistically, the results of the topic model were significantly noncorrelated and not easy to interpret.	4
To sum up, this is the first bibliometric study evaluating the worldwide productivity in the field of immunotherapy for sepsis and we found that countries with high GDP tend to make more contributions to the field.	5
Drawing on data on national scientific production from a sample of 121 developed and developing countries, the log t test methodology has been used to detect whether there has been an overall convergence in knowledge creation among countries, if they have converged in clubs, or if there have been divergent countries.	1
This paper uses degree centrality as an indicator to measure the importance of authors in collaborative networks (Liu et al.	3
The approach extracts N-grams as candidates based on part-of-speech tagging and determines whether they are novel by checking the Scopus?	3
2022) with a limited amount of information, notably, age, gender, publications (including solo-authored), citations, international experience, and project experience.	3
Rectification of this study with previous work, however, remains a major issue.	0
5, it can be observed that the changes in the differences in research method usage exhibit cyclical fluctuations.	4
This analysis highlights the challenges of transitioning from Ph.D.	5
The global emergence of research centers has challenged traditional evaluation approaches as they are widely used to assess universities, departments, or individual researchers.	5
A total of 2300 email invitations were sent to targeted researchers, 20% (460) were undeliverable or not active, and from the remaining, 185 responses were received (response rate of 10%).	2
The measurement of density showed that Twitter had the highest density, followed by student mobility and Mendeley in that order (Table 4), indicating that Twitter users mention research and diffuse academic information more quickly (Wassink, 2018).	4
The binary logistic regression analysis indicates field-dependent reasons for considering something to be 'the best research', as illustrated in Figure 1 (see Supplementary Appendix Tables A1–A3 for full regression models).	3
For the description and exploration of the existing network of bilateral collaborations in the field of FAW research we used NodeXL (Smith et al.	3
The results included 10,107 MeSH terms and 28,870 KeyWords Plus terms.	4
It is not encouraging to find that the bulk of research on the South is conducted by researchers from the North.	5
The h-index associated with 12,254 documents published in ESWA journal during the examined period was 184.	4
Our machine-learning models outperform existing state-of-the-art citation context approaches, with the SVM model reaching up to 61% and the Random Forest model up to a very encouraging 90% Precision-Recall Area Under the Curve, with 10-fold cross-validation.	4
Li / Journal of English for Academic Purposes 13 (2014) 41-52	0
We estimate the causal effect of writing quality by comparing how experts judge the quality of 30 papers originally written by PhD students in economics.	3
We obtained a comprehensive record of articles published in the years 1991–2020 for the selected journals from the Scopus database (Baas et al., 2020), which is a widely accepted source of bibliometric data (Montoya et al., 2018; Baas et al., 2020; Van Der Wal et al., 2021).	2
The intent of this investigation was to learn what factors may have contributed to low usage of a small set of reputable open access scholarly journals, as evidenced in graduate student reference lists.	1
Our investigation starts from the approximately 11,000 articles rewarded in PR3 in the 2011–2015 editions.	2
Our composite measure of research productivity can therefore be presented as Yi,j,t = log[SJRj,t × (Pi/Pj,t)]	3
The [review] process took much longer than I was told it would.	0
Table 1 Publication and citation counts of 10 most contributing authors	0
Miss Joyce Geake undertook the library searches and synthesis of data from the first questionnaire.	0
This study included all regular "article" type papers from these journals mentioned above for analysis indexed in Clarivate Analytics' Web of Science, and excluded those which were not categorized as an “article”, such as review articles, experimental studies, meta-analyses and editorials, etc.	2
Disciplinary tagging of each article was done by using ‘WC' field of WoS according to categorization scheme defined in Rupika et al.	3
It reached 43.75% in the network of authors, 78.72% in that of institutions and 85.88% in that of countries.	4
The contribution of a referee is a crucial factor determining the duration of a review process.	5
We submitted the PDFs of all articles to Turnitin text matching software.	3
The solution of Depsy is to use the full database of Europe PMC and ADS, which can retrieve the information of software tool database.	2
The rank of total citations-to-published papers between 2007 and 2017 was as follows (Table 2): USA (497 110 citations), England (144 653 citations), Australia (77 524 citations), Germany (57 098 citations), Mainland China (51 868 citations), France (51 400 citations) and Japan (38 369 citations).	4
The execution of greedy modularity optimization leads to the discovery of 62 fields of expertise for the Canadian nanotechnology sector.	4
Thus, considering all of the aforementioned issues, we present a study that identifies whether section-wise content similarity increases the chances of recommending relevant papers, as compared to the conventional content-based approach.	1
In our model, we suppose that the function P_a,k^t0(n) is the product of two probability functions Φ_a^t0(n) and Ψ_k^t0(n), that is, P_a,k^t0(n) = Φ_a^t0(n) · Ψ_k^t0(n), n = 1, ..., Nmax.	3
We begin by estimating a negative binomial regression with individual publication counts of (former) doctoral students as the dependent variable (Model 7 in Table 5).	3
We use two measures, shared articles and distributed articles, to assess the research productivity of institutions as well as individual researchers.	3
These journals are considered by many to be the leading journals in Economics and are collectively known as the top five (Heckman & Moktan, 2020).	2
A confirmatory principal component analysis (PCA) was conducted on the thirty-three motivational items with oblique rotation (oblimin).	3
Acknowledgements We would like to thank the Overton for granting us access to the Overton database.	0
We run multilevel models to take into considerations that scientists (level 1) are nested into different faculties (level 2), as neglecting a multilevel structure may lead to biased coefficients (Robinson 2009).	3
The sampling frame for this study consisted of tenured and tenure-track faculty in the natural, social, and applied sciences who were employed at the top 100 research universities in the United States.	2
Received July 31, 1995; revised November 28, 1995 and January 30, 1996; accepted March 27, 1996.	0
Fundamentally, DoFA identifies and aligns theoretical or applied principles with qualitative evidence; so, it can provide organization and structure for formulating, collecting evidence about and analyzing educational decisions.	3
The first is to assess the extent to which SlideShare is transforming the information value of academic talks by creating a long-term and useful record of their contents.	1
Building on this idea, Wu et al. (2019) consider citation data, and compare the cited references of a focal paper with the cited references of its citing papers to measure the disruptiveness of research; in our context, we call it the Disruption Index (DI).	3
Third, the weights of collaboration links were calculated by counting the number of times two authors/institutions/countries co-occurred on a publication—i.e., even if two authors on a publication have institution/ country X and three others have institution/country Y, this publication contributes a weight of one to the total X-Y collaboration link.	3
Our study uses the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) criteria for authorship to measure free-riding in academic co-authorship.	3
For an alternative visualization of the results, we use matrix A to feed an HC based on the successive (agglomerative) clustering and average-linkage method.	3
First, an impact factor was assigned for each paper resulting from a particular R01 grant according to the Journal of Citation Reports (2016 Journal Citation Reports [Clarivate Analytics, 2017]).	3
Open Access This article is distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons license, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Core Collection (Accessed 3rd February 2014) (Institutional Access; University of Dublin-Trinity College).	2
The raw data were preprocessed by removing useless HTML tags and deleting projects without sufficient information.	2
We urge the scientific community to systematically support ECS in an era of high competitiveness and unstable academic opportunities.	5
The result shows that the USA dominates in the research output, with Illinois University securing the first position; the most prolific author is Fourie I from South Africa.	4
The findings were then compared to those of the original 2001 study.	3
Keywords in each of the subcategories and the embedded webpages were extracted.	2
This dataset uses the year 2013 as the citation window and assigns the publication window to all previous years.	2
IS and management, information theory, communication, information retrieval, geographic-based IS and bioinformatics were the six major research areas of the considered domain.	4
The SCR site was searched on twentieth August 2015 using the parameters "medicine” for subject area, “clinical neurology” for subject category, “1996-2014” for year and “all” for region.	2
In this paper, we analyse qualitative and quantitative data gathered during the second wave as well as interviews from the first wave that included codes relevant to our study, related to the evaluation criteria in artistic disciplines and the relationship between (traditional) research and art (N = 37; labelled as IDI [1-37] in Section 4.1).	2
Policy-making that affects heterogeneous faculties should account for peculiarities of individual fields and not only rely on university-level indicators.	5
We recommend increasing the awareness of self-archiving in public and institutional repositories for publications in non-OA journals, we also recommend encouraging the awareness about the importance of international scientific collaboration, especially for developing countries.	5
Our analysis shows a diversity among institutionalization processes and supports the idea that there is no single model for the institutionalization of the interdisciplinary in the region.	4
The Kolmogorov-Smirnov statistic measures the distance between the data cumulative distribution function and the theoretical cumulative distribution functions.	4
The citation half-life for each of the most cited journals' titles were then calculated by working out the time taken to receive 50% of the total number of citations from the current publication year backwards.	3
The research topics emerging in the four stages are green design and green construction, green channel and green logistics, energy conservation and emission reduction and green evaluation, multimodal transportation, and green development.	4
Rather than declining, citation inequality in the Web of Science database appears to be largely stable over recent decades.	4
Among all articles in robotic surgery, those involving international collaboration achieved the highest performance in terms of both citations and innovation.	4
This report provides insights into historical developments and characteristics of the most cited articles in the field of CHD over the past decades.	5
Additionally, we analyze a dataset containing information about computer science publications and their citation history and indicate how quantitative metrics could potentially be calibrated via alternative evaluation methods such as test of time awards.	3
We use zero-inflated negative binomial regression to identify factors impacting citation rates and logistic regression to examine factors influencing open-access publications.	3
In addition to performing direct regression analysis, we also conduct regression analysis utilizing matched samples as robustness tests.	3
The top-100 articles were published in 18 different journals, with Pediatrics having the highest numbers (n = 40), followed by The Journal of Pediatrics (n = 17).	4
The proposed VisualRPI system is composed of both clustering and visualization components.	3
The articles that make up this study were published in the years 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 and were located through the BABT website on the SciELO platform.	2
A comparison of the incidence of error revealed that literature in the PMC OA subset and articles from the general PMC and PubMed collections have similar overall rates of retraction (Table 1).	4
Based on online source metrics such as Mendeley bookmarks, we evaluated multi-viewed impact of the top 50 academic institutions in the NI China.	1
The rate of conversion of abstracts presented at scientific meetings into peer-reviewed published manuscripts is an important metric for medical societies, because it facilitates translation of scientific knowledge into practice.	1
The increased stability and coverage might make Google Scholar much more suitable for research evaluation and bibliometric research purposes than it has been in the past.	5
To assess the strengths of association between an acknowledged entity, entity type and a scientific domain the Cramer's V test was conducted.	3
Therefore we begin our analysis by constructing a list of the world's top economics journals and documenting all research articles published in those journals for the period 2001–2010 inclusive.	2
In July 2021, we conducted a bibliometric analysis of mental health and COVID-19-related journal articles published in the PubMed Database in 2020.	2
Data related to the papers are obtained from the China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) and WoS; data related to the scholars are obtained from the NSFC website, the Ministry of Science and Technology of China (MSTC) website, and the scholars' home pages; and data related to the patents are obtained from the CNIPA website.	2
Motivated by its outstanding performance, this paper seeks to develop a comprehensive overview of research activities in ESWA since its inception in 1990.	1
The results of this study demonstrate that there is no one definitive tool to determine journal quality, credibility, or predatory status, even when tested within the discipline of creation.	5
This study aims at overcoming the above-mentioned deficiency with the assistance of network centrality measures using the co-author network.	1
Key words: curriculum; education; graduate; medical; pulmonary and critical care; specialty; training	0
The top three dental journals in each subject were selected according to the following bibliometric indicators: Journal of Citation Reports Impact Factor 2017 (JCR-IF, Web of Science), CiteScore 2017 (Scopus), and H-Index (SCImago powered by Scopus).	2
The average h-index of all 100 physicians enrolled in the study was 37.83, with a range of 25–81.	4
We believe our work identifies potential areas for CCC organizers to concentrate efforts to improve final publication of abstracts and thus improve the dissemination of research.	5
METU has built recently a small observatory which is not yet in full operation.	0
Received 1 March 2021; Received in revised form 7 September 2021; Accepted 13 September 2021	0
To collect citation statistics from GS, each paper's citation count was collected from https://scholar.google.com/ at each monthly anniversary during the first year since publication.	3
While the time of manuscript submission is only one part of the research process, it is postulated that it may be associated with research quality.	5
In this paper, we introduce our BalancerGNN framework to tackle with imbalanced datasets and show its effectiveness on fraud detection.	1
For the purpose of calculating clusters, the Louvain algorithm is used for classifying nodes into clusters such that nodes within clusters are more densely connected to each other than to nodes outside of the cluster (Blondel et al.	3
The primary purpose of this dataset is to support longitudinal study of APC pricing.	1
During the earliest time period, 1985–1990, authors affiliated with institutions in North America published 67.09% of all articles yet, during the most recent time period, 2005–2010, published only 41.55%.	4
Initially, the authors chose to evaluate TRLN's Wiley and Springer ejournal packages using citation data retrieved from the Thomson Reuters' Web of Science Core Collection database, which indexes cross-disciplinary citations and allows users to pull citations based on organizational names and their variants.	2
Although these studies could shed light upon some of the underlying mechanisms of obsolescence of scientific literature, many questions remained unanswered.	0
A topic Top(C) is called a split in G[t1+t,t2+t] if it is directly related to more than one of the topics of G[t?+t,t2+t] in the future of t (|{((t, k), (p, l))\t < p < t2+τ}| > 1).	3
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
In the second step, the number of cited references (NCRs) for each of the reference publication years (RPYs) are plotted in a spectrogram.	3
The importance of ASFA to Low-Income Food-Deficit Countries emerged as a third important theme.	5
We consider five main identification techniques: instrumental variables (IVs), difference-in-differences and natural experiments (DD); selection models, regression discontinuity design (RDD), and randomized experiments.	3
The advertising/public relations literature produced 17,275 citations and 1,486 unique journal titles during the seven periods between 1982 and 2012.	4
However, self-quantification might also serve as a liberating and empowering activity for the individual researcher as alternative measures of impact and productivity are provided by these platforms.	5
Appendix: Internet Sources for Journal Rankings (Retrieved on December 12, 2008)	0
One of the two generations that we studied received their doctorate between 1971 and 1984, thus before the institutional changes took hold in Germany.	2
Based on this simple conclusion, we replace the number of published articles, Pu of Eq.	3
Date received: 3 July 2022; Received revised 4 September 2022; accepted: 10 October 2022	0
This implies that although ASNSs are seen as a new way of scholarly communication for several mechanisms of the research cycle, they are still in their infancy as a new way of collaborating with other researchers.	5
When population groups are more engaged with each other, their knowledge structure is more similar, where engagement is indicated by socio-economic connections, such as cultural, linguistic, and historical features.	4
Regarding quotation accuracy, 44 quotations (19% [14%; 24%]) were rated as minor, and 51 (22% [17%; 27%]) as major errors.	4
The interview transcripts were then loaded into MaxQDA for analysis.	3
Buchanan BS, MA, MLS & Jean-Pierre V M Herubel BA, MA, PhD, MLS (1994) Profiling PhD Dissertation Bibliographies:, Behavioral & Social Sciences Librarian, 13:1, 1-10, DOI: 10.1300/J103v13n01_01	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office:	0
journals using letters or a combination of letters and numbers as issue numbers), publication month information is decided on a case-by-case basis.	0
The project team adopted the data issued by China's Association for Science and Technology (AST) in "The second national survey report on S&T workers," which said that over half of the S&T workers knew researchers around them had committed at least one type of misconduct, among which misappropriation was the most serious, taking 51.2% of the total (Yuan, 2009).	2
Correlations were run with and without outliers for all years and no statistical differences were observed, thus outliers are included.	0
The level of OA journals focusing on different subjects is unbalanced in China.	4
We find suggestive evidence that discussants act to reduce information asymmetries that are inherent in the academic publication process.	5
(2018) has received three citations to date and the only common reference in these three documents is the mentioned one.	4
Compared to other types, the median and mean of Review Articles keep the highest in all these four activities.	4
The collected data cover years from 1996 to 2014, and refer to Nc = 45 nations and to Na = 27 scientific macro-sectors (according to the Scopus classification).	2
In this research, we examined whether reviewers receive gratitude from authors for their reviewed manuscript.	1
We invited 144 individuals to the Decision Science Laboratory (DeSciL) at ETH Zurich.	2
China is now actually ahead of the U.S. in HCRs in two strategic areas, engineering in addition to materials science.	4
This study aims to identify and analyse the characteristics of highly cited articles published in the Information Science and Library Science category in the Social Science Citation Index.	1
The maximum likelihood rule (MLR), also known as the Kemeny rule or the Kemeny-Young method, can be used to combine the ordered preference lists of multiple reviewers into a single consensus ranking.	3
Based on the probabilistic flow node values, we also identified the most important articles.	3
To show the evolution of the giant component, we used the Gephi program because of its great analytical power to construct and visualize large networks, using the ForceAtlas 2 algorithm [18].	3
The article aims at showing that academic capital (administrative power, seniority) is translated into honorary authorship.	1
Lei Li is a lecturer at the Department of Information Management at the School of Government, Beijing Normal University, Beijing, China.	0
Another limitation is that the results include an unknown proportion of self-citations, including these may inflate the counts for universities with many patenting inventors.	0
The presentation of these horrors will follow a Rossini crescendo.	3
According to Figure 6, the citations accrued by the CERN-affiliated articles constitute between 70.4% and 97.2% of the total citations of the top institutions that have the largest number of CERN-affiliated articles in the sample data set.	4
What follows are some cases selected from these categories to elaborate the impact of self-citations.	0
The discretised lognormal location and scale parameters were varied to incorporate a range of values for recent and old articles, and for high and low citation fields, drawing on the range of parameters found for sets of articles from a single field and year in previous studies of articles that are about a decade old (Thelwall, 2016a, 2016b).	2
Anthony Eniayejuni is an Assistant Professor of International Relations at Cyprus International University, Mersin 10, Turkey.	0
From 2013 until 2016, CONICET has been in second position among the Latin American institutions included in the Scimago Institutions Ranking (SIR).	2
Based on the research publications of affiliated authors from 1992 through 2012, University of Texas at Dallas (UT Dallas), with 71 distributed articles and 22.7 shared articles, ranks number one for both metrics.	4
The h-index was strongly correlated with academic rank (r=0.60, p=0.001).	4
We reviewed their feasibility, reproducibility, and reviewers' responses to a questionnaire they received pertaining to those sessions.	3
Canada, England, China, the Netherlands, France, Singapore, Israel and South Korea are second tier countries over the second and third period 1997–2006.	5
The UK was in the central position on Twitter.	4
A number of Chi-square tests were performed to examine the association between motivations, frequency of use (daily, weekly, monthly, rarely), scientific discipline (Mathematics and Computer Science + Natural Sciences - MCSN; Professions and Applied Sciences – PAS; Humanities and Arts + Social Sciences - HASS), academic title (assistant professor, associate professor, full professor), years of teaching (less than 5, 5-10, 10-20, 20+), age (25-34, 35-44, 45-55, 55+), and gender (male, female).	3
Overall, the results show that women would, in general, rank relatively higher if metrics such as the e index and AWCRpA were employed to assess research performance compared to the h index.	4
USA dominated the list of scientific production of countries contributing to 340 documents.	4
Proposition 1 We need a strict distinction between policy reasons and evidence.	4
In the case of journals, the Impact Factor (IF) of the journals was added, which results from the division between the number of cites received by a journal in a specific year, and the number of citable documents published in that journal during the two years immediately before (Garfield, 2006); and the position of the journal in the category Journal of Citation Reports (JCR) which has the best position and its corresponding quartile (InCitesTM Journal of Citation Reports? 2015).	3
Second, we are interested in the relationship between the use of adjectives and adverbs and readability scores.	1
The stability of the obtained cores was measured with the Modified Adjusted Rand Index.	3
Specifically, we investigate the following inter-related interesting questions: How does Lotka's Law fit with the bibliometric distribution patterns for the leading journals in the OB and HRM area?	1
[Color figure can be viewed in the online issue, which is available at wileyonlinelibrary.com.]	0
They are also the platforms on which articles have a higher mean presence.	5
It also appears that the readability scores of authors changed over time, and Science articles have higher readability scores compared to Social Science articles.	4
The United States, the United Kingdom and China led dozens of nations working on coronavirus prior to the pandemic, but leadership consolidated among these three nations in 2020, which collectively accounted for 50% of all papers, garnering well more than 60% of citations.	4
The aim is to combine the JIF and the h-index to create a new, simple, and reliable indicator for journal selection.	1
The final number of observations used in our analysis is 452: 253 professors, researchers and doctoral students at universities and public research centers in Italy and 199 professors, researchers and doctoral students at universities and public research centers in Portugal.	2
Modeling study of knowledge diffusion in scientific collaboration networks based on differential dynamics: A case study in graphene field.	1
The growth of the ERA as a source of knowledge for Finnish research comes at the expense of North America, and especially the USA.	4
To quantify the collaboration patterns, we used the number of projects (RQ2), degree centrality [27], and betweenness centrality [27] (RQ3).	3
The average tweet rate is defined here as the number of tweets per delegate per conference day, multiplied by a factor of 1000 for ease of analysis.	3
NFindex can represent a universal normalised basis inside and across research institutes to estimate an accurate relative ranking of their scholars.	5
Regarding the disease category or subspecialty, social recognition was relatively concentrated on degenerative disorders and cerebrovascular disorders.	4
Most of the terms used for the search were extracted from previous bibliometric articles [4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35] and the PubMed Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) related to the disease included in the MeSH catalog in its 2021 update were also used: COVID-19 vaccines, COVID-19 testing, COVID-19 serological testing and COVID-19 nucleic acid testing.	2
Twenty (22.4%) serving academics are yet to publish any scholarly work.	4
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Most noticeably, the London School of Economics (LSE) does much worse, due to its low h-index relative to its GPA.	4
For the AAG conference papers, we classified their record fields in Microsoft Excel using the Web of Science (WOS) core database format.	3
JIF values were averaged based on subspecialties and ophthalmic journal specialization (basic science, review, general scope referred to as "major").	3
By means of a pie chart, the right-hand side of Fig.	4
COVID-19 Open Research Data set (CORD-19) is a freely available literature collection, which is created by a coalition of leading research groups, such as the Allen Institute for AI in partnership, Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, Georgetown University's Center for Security and Emerging Technology and so on (CORD-19 2020)	2
This shift is due to the impact plant science has had in economically important areas, such as agriculture, horticulture, forestry, and energy.	0
Numbers in parentheses indicate the number of papers in each subgroup.	0
To measure and compare the frequency of cross-disease spillover, we categorised grant-publication pairs as “on target” if the title or abstract of the publication contained at least one of the same disease-related search terms used to define the dataset of grants (Table 2).	3
Citation analysis used for citation manipulation is a form of misconduct and does not fit best editorial practices (a feature of predatory journals mentioned in Grudniewicz et al.'s (2019) definition.	3
In T4 and T5, we selected 100 journals from the journals in ESI for elaborate citation analysis (see Sections 3.3-3.7).	2
Subsequently, duplicate papers and topics that are not related to Covid-19 topics were removed.	2
I am grateful to the Elsevier ICSR lab for providing high level publication, citation and mentions from Scopus and PlumX.	2
The list's publication frequency helps de-cloak the mainstream economics journals that are receptive to health economics; for example, the Journal of Human Resources is among the top 5 most intensively pursued journals, despite its name and labour economic focus.	4
By considering the combinations of any two leaders, we distinguish shared leadership as “heterogeneous” when leaders are in different age cohorts and “homogeneous” when leaders are in the same age cohort.	3
We obtained 2834 documents published in IMM between 1971 and 2017.	2
This class, referred to as nothing works, included about 29% of the sample.	4
To address this fundamental identification challenge, we adopt a propensity score weighting methodology which belongs to a broad class of "selection-on-observables" techniques (additional details are provided in Appendix F).	3
We then extract keywords from the titles and abstracts of their contributions to characterize the dynamics of knowledge production and examine the relationship between community events and knowledge production over time.	3
The highly tweeted articles were mostly mentioned by the public, accounting for over half of all the tweets, whereas the highly cited articles were mostly tweeted by scientists, which implies that the circulation was still within the scientific community (Fig.	4
Through this paper, we have shown that OA publishing practices vary by discipline.	5
Using the median as a cut-off point, countries ranked 1-25 were compared to those ranked 26-50 utilizing the following parameters: population in million (≤23.5 versus >23.5), GDP/capita (≤ $31,500 versus >$31,500), number of universities in the world top 500 (≤ 3 versus >3) and the number of clinical neuroscience journals listed in the SCR site (1 versus >1).	3
Note: With the exception of "Reader Interest," Section B, all values are statistically significant at or beyond the .05 level.	0
We hypothesized that articles receiving blog citations close to their publication time receive more journal citations later than the articles in the same journal published in the same year that did not receive such blog citations.	1
We ran PageRank repetitively and obtained average PageRank scores (varied damping factors from 0 to 1).	3
We find that moving two researchers to the same building increases their collaboration rate up to 2.7 on the third year after moving.	4
We collected metadata on all papers in the 'original article' category published by NSAP between 2017 and 2022, inclusive.	2
In addition the study aimed to examine some of the features that may influence a country's position among the top 50 in the world in clinical neuroscience research.	1
The origin of BA was coined in a systematic viewpoint entitled “A Business Intelligence System" published by Luhn (1958).	0
We use the 19 fields of study defined by Microsoft Academic, 25 which are integrated with Semantic Scholar data.	2
The 2012 edition of the Journal Citation Reports was accessed through Thomson Reuters Web of Science (formerly ISI Web of Knowledge), and the search was extended to all relevant disciplines, including behavioral sciences, clinical neurology, neuroimaging, neurosciences, psychiatry, and psychology.	2
The evolution of density tends to be positive especially when the number of citations received by the article is higher and when there are less references, but with more names cited in each.	4
In the low performing institute, only 5% of the scientists had higher level of productivity.	4
4 The visualization result based on the ratio of Aij/Aji in Table 1, excluding the lines with value lower than 1 and the lines where Aij and Aji were lower than 0.089	0
On the whole, considering of the aim of this study, DI is regarded as superior to this study, because it is more comprehensive, i.e.	0
Please note that when we use the concept "impact", we mean "academic impact", typically in the form of citations in academic journals.	0
2 JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 2015	0
Our argument is that he graphical analysis in “Some empirical examples” section shows that the actual publication–citation process for individual authors does conform, at least in general terms, with that predicted by the theoretical stochastic model.	5
Thus, the reason why TrM does not appear epistemically novel is that, in many ways, it is not.	4
Content analysis of 53 guidance documents produced by HEIs suggests an overall positive focus of Gen AI tools, yet advises caution.	4
JAN: 1.39 for 2016 and 1.37 for 2017	4
The increasing tendency toward the OA model attested to its sustainability.	5
Early-career journals are uniquely placed to fill this knowledge and equity gap.	5
The analysis suggests that the rate could rise to about 35–45%, considering both the estimated ordinary APCs in an OA-only model (according to the second stage above) and current Elsevier APCs (according to the assumption of their triangular distribution).	4
The methodology includes a bibliometric analysis in all research journals that are indexed in the Web of Science in the tourism, leisure and hospitality field in 2014 respect to the national contribution that these countries made in these journals.	3
Categorical variables were expressed using frequencies and proportions; continuous variables were described using means/standard deviation or median/range.	0
Following this interpretation, a Journal Power-Weakness Ratio can then be defined as follows: jPWR(k)i = p(k)i / (1 ?	3
Authors and journals must ensure better adherence to ICMJE guidelines to reduce honorary authorship.	5
The Sudbo case was an eye-opener for the Norwegian author- ities.	0
This findings suggest that the Internet, digitalization and accessibility of publications are creating a more levelled playing field where the dominance of specific area of the world is being progressively eroded to the advantage of a more widespread and complex knowledge production and consumption dynamic.	5
A list of the top 100 cited articles was compiled and arranged in descending order according to the WoS number of citations.	2
Research collaboration in this field needs to be strengthened to improve the global response to natural disasters in any place in the world.	5
Openness to international collaboration is measured as the propensity of an ego to collaborate with partners other than their own country.	3
The author Lance Stephen Kwok is the guarantor of the paper.	0
There are accelerating the computation of PR, comprehensive applications of PR, researches on academic impact assessment and age preference in network evolution.	4
The resulting survey assesses the impact of each indicator on (i) career advancement, (ii) scientific advancement, and (iii) personal satisfaction.	2
The Euclidean index outscored the h-index in this test, producing a score of 0.1846, over 14 percent higher than the h-index's score of 0.1614.	4
Albeit NSI research activity is generally increasing, the growth is asymmetrical from a global viewpoint.	5
Data for the bibliometric studies was extracted from in-house versions of the WoS, Scopus and Dimensions databases hosted by CWTS at Leiden University.	2
The survey used the critical incident of last reading by academics to gather information on the purpose, outcomes, and values of scholarly readings and access to library collections.	3
The present work studies the bibliometric characteristics of the Dotter case study; questions the definition of sleeping beauties; explores the dissemination of Dotter's concept during its sleeping period; documents its awakening phase; and identifies the relevant Prince using citation network analysis.	1
To sum up, the number of publishing countries and companies has increased in the twenty-first century, but big Northern American and Western European publishing groups control the distribution of environmental engineering papers in global science.	5
The survey data will be utilized to improve library services and develop intra-institutional collaborations in scholarly communication, research networking, and research impact.	5
Citation concentration was measured for the references of all papers in a focal year made to papers published in the past 31 y, including the focal year.	3
of being able to observe such an outcome with the covariate profile x associated with a particular academic using the following logistic regression model:	3
The dataset we analyze herein is a weblog of one such LibGen mirror site, which has been in continuous operation since at least 2012.	2
For our experiments, we combine meta data on publications from the two Web systems BibSonomy and Microsoft Academic Search.	2
To distinguish characteristics of high research performance authors, two same-sized control groups comprising prolific authors and highly cited authors were used for comparison.	3
The findings are based on two case studies of a Natural Sciences and a Social Sciences Department of a university in the Netherlands.	2
Advancing from the mid-career stage (R3) to the advanced stage (R4) was associated with the international mobility being return mobility to the country of the PhD award.	5
The Machiavellianistic personality trait is associated with self-reported research misbehavior.	5
We acknowledge, however, that page counts have been commonly used in previous studies, so we repeated our analysis using the number of pages, standardised to the average size of a page in the AER.	3
We were able to investigate only core staff members, and found that taking into account leaves of absence increases women's productivity by about 12%, compared to a 4% increase for men (see Table 8).	4
We received very useful comments from John Cockburn, Catherine Locke, two anonymous reviewers, and colleagues at the Partnership for Economic Policy (PEP).	0
The paper pursues the so-called ‘prospective' methodology that is common in medical longitudinal studies, and could be seen as a simple empirical beginning on a complicated issue.	3
The core of topic modeling is the LDA, which is a generative statistical model for extracting an underlying set of topics from collections of discrete texts (Blei et al., 2003).	3
The steps for automatically extracting and calculating the citation mention times are as follows:	3
This paper examines whether the administrative barriers to mobility influence the direction and magnitude of international knowledge flows.	1
Specifically, we propose three keyword-based journal specialization indexes and implement them in the case of finance journals.	1
In order to discover new technology fields, this paper attempted to derive technology fields with a high potential for future development through the analysis of novelty, fast growth and impact.	1
[31] ends in 2006) in the following we analysed all the papers published between 1980 and 2006.	2
Twenty specific barriers were identified through a literature review and expert opinion and subsequently analyzed through the fuzzy analytical hierarchy process (FAHP) to prioritize the critical/strongest barriers, with a sensitivity analysis performed to reveal the stability of its rankings.	2
Smith as the node; he has cooperated with other authors 12 times.	4
The Pearson correlation between the reputation score and h-index is 0.75, between the reputation score and i10 index is 0.54, and between the h-index and i10 index is 0.93.	4
To determine the effect of the choice of database, Scopus and Web of Science databases were queried to retrieve the publications and citations of the top ten Asian universities in three subject fields.	2
So, C is free from the problem of sample size dependency.	0
Considering these, we attempted to provide the situation of the women participation in health research of Iran.	1
Therefore, the challenging task here is to encourage the new members of staff (primarily those invited from other universities and research institutions) to set down their affiliation with the studied university in all publications.	5
The dataset used was obtained from the CAplus database by searching articles published in the Journal of Information and Modelling, with the conditions that their category was 'substances' and that they were assigned the index term 'simulation and modelling'.	2
This paper will help the research community understand the current research environment and the trends that will occur within the research lines on water use.	1
China exceeded Japan and Korea in the number, accumulated impact factor, total citation times and the average number of references, while Korea had the highest average impact factor.	4
In this study, we use the WoS core collection database and Scopus due to their reliability and easily accessible citation data.	2
We conducted three main types of analyses: citations, co-citations and the analysis of the themes more often delved upon.	3
JSTOR’s contribution to social welfare could be substantial.	5
The study has been undertaken purely on the research output of those LIS journals indexed with SCImago and published during the period 2004-2013.	2
The number of Tweets and the SJR were substantially correlated (rs=0.63).	4
Because more attention has been paid to the OA situation of natural science journals in China, we decided to explore what causes the low OA level of Chinese social science journals.	1
It is necessary to answer the following questions to achieve the main objective of this paper:	1
Then, the outcome of the review process, y = min{Q, ξ}, is the minimum between the journal's quality standard Q and the actual quality outcome ξ.	3
The objective of this paper is to capture this influence of patent-induced diffusion of innovations on the dynamics of R&D and industry development, with a comparative study of Chinese and U.S. pharmaceutical patents.	1
Although the data shows a promising increase in the research activity, the quantity of khat-related research is still too little compared to the massive use of khat in certain countries.	5
Reproducing analyses from previous studies that found significant differences in writing styles, we analyse patterns in the use of positive words, levels of readability, concreteness and sentiment.	3
We used the revised Publication Pressure Questionnaire, in addition to Likert-type questions to discern respondents' beliefs and concerns about the impact of COVID-19 on academic publishing.	3
Distribution of publications with inter-institutional and intra-institutional collaboration in 22 subject fields	0
Route 1: Citing a paper and copying its reference; Route 2: Copying a reference from another paper but without citing this paper; Route 3: Copying references from an earlier paper published by the author himself (herself) without rechecking the accuracy of the reference.	4
What are the top highly cited MRI publications affiliated with Arab countries?	1
The game was repeated for 30 rounds, and the final earnings of each participant were proportional to the total number of artworks which they published.	3
However, the QAP (Pearson) correlation between the resulting two matrices-diagonals excluded is 0.786 (p < .0001).	4
We then find its dependence on the number of cited papers from Lotka's Law.	1
(1) In general, an adult knows better than anyone else what is best for himself.	0
The territory with the highest average productivity of professors is Veneto: the region’s 64 professors present an FSS that is 29.5% higher than the average achievement of their national colleagues.	4
Lucio-Arias and Scharnhorst (2012) connect this proposal with the history of citation network analysis from a mathematical approach.	0
By empirical analysis of journals in LIA and five other disciplines, the proposed method can be used to measure the difference of journals, which proves the theoretical or practical usefulness of the method.	5
Hypothesis 2: The effect of the author's gender on self-citation behaviour differs by the cultural background of the author.	1
When analysed, although less as compared to the western counterparts, an increasing trend in the publications is seen in case of India.	4
In T1-T3, we collected the bibliometrics information of all journals in ESI for overall analysis (see Sections 3.1 and 3.2).	2
Further research is required to investigate the relationship between the prescriptive versus the descriptive nature of reviewer behaviour.	0
For that purpose, we apply a difference-in-differences (DiD) approach to estimate the treatment effect on the treated (TT) authors' choice of journals for publication.	3
From the list of about 220 panellists active in 2009, we invited 40 of them across the various domains for an inter-view.	2
High impact articles have two peaks – Literature review and Discussion.	4
Acknowledgements Open access funding provided by Administrative Headquarters of the Max Planck Society.	0
Indeed, while most empirical and theoretical evidence in science thus far documents that individuals benefit tremendously from success 1,2,4–8,29,52,59, our results offer among the first empirical evidence showing that some individuals can also benefit from setbacks, which may have broad implications for both individual investigators and institutions that aim to support and nurture them.	5
This was not aimed at lowering the bar for getting accepted, because the ultimate decision on acceptance of the papers was made by the editor-in-chief of the journal, not the subject editors.	0
What IF score would PLOS ONE obtain in each of these independent categories, and what would their respective JCR rank order positions be?	1
Only a minority of tweets are critical of or appreciate the humor of the Kardashian index.	4
Reproductive medicine research and subsequent clinical development have attained scientific growth and maturity.	5
Taking a phenomenological approach, twenty-four semi-structured expert interviews (Bogner and Menz 2009) with VE recipients aimed to achieve rich, nuanced accounts of interviewees' experiences, self-understandings, and practices (Kvale 2012).	2
(2016a) are very similar although the methodology and the employed database are quite different.	5
Full list of author information is available at the end of the article	0
The first section briefly synthesizes key concepts from the literature, which portray funders as intermediary organizations within networks of principal-agent relationships of research governance.	3
All the Scopus results were then checked in Mendeley later the same day for reader counts using Mendeley's API.	3
Overall, strong publication activity is an important factor in each ranking, but significant differences in ranking places depend on both the selected indicators used by the ranking and the publication and citation characteristics of the universities.	5
As we know the number of codes T and the size of combinations m (shown in the inset in figure 2b), we can calculate a theoretical bound for the possible number of combinations of codes and compare it with the empirical C.	3
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
At the same time, engineers switched their preferred output type for submission, from conference proceedings to journal articles.	4
From Model 1, it can be observed that variety and disparity exhibit a positive correlation with policy citation, while balance exhibits a negative correlation with policy citation.	4
Twenty-one institutions, or 70%, included performance content in their IR, although in many cases it was limited to a single object, like a video recording of a dance performance submitted to an undergraduate research competition.	4
The purpose of this paper is to present a formula with which to determine (estimate) the h-index, h, under incomplete information conditions (IIC).	1
STATA 12 software package was used to perform the statistical analysis.	3
A total of 72 participants from various medical colleges of India were enrolled in this programme at CMCL in 2014–15.	2
This study is underpinned by diffusion and exposure theory (Rogers 1962; Zajonc 1968), particularly the assumption that increased access or exposure to information affects the adoption or utilization of this information.	5
The present study aims to investigate the influence of a sustainable attitude toward train travel as an intrinsic determinant and three external factors that are usually analysed in the context of travel mode choice: Socialisation, predictability (or convenience), and comfort during train travel.	1
We propose to capture such evolution relationship between two algorithms by investigating the knowledge represented in citation contexts, where authors explain how cited algorithms are used in their works.	1
It was also interesting to note that one fifth of this small sample was unable to speak to the production of research outputs for non-academic audiences due to very limited or no experience, suggesting that it is likely this creation of research outputs for end users beyond academia is not yet an actual or perceived ubiquitous requirement.	5
While the median impact factor of the journals in which the studies were published was 1.803 (1.278-5.399), the median number of citations was 6.5 (0-49), and cited by 99 times in Web of Science indexed journals in total.	4
Regarding innovation, the number of Iranian patents submitted to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) was 3 and 43 in 2008 and 2013, respectively.	4
In the interpretation, we followed the four basic elements proposed by White and Griffith (1981):	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Tukey's fences (Tukey, 1977) were used in this study to support the identification of the most important peaks in the spectrogram: Important peaks are flagged based on the interquartile range of the median deviations (Thor et al., 2018a).	3
More than 55% of the publications were multiauthored, and only 45% of the publications were single-authored.	4
The study is based on data on publications with Russian affiliations for 2000–2019 in the Scopus database.	2
The RCR and UR curves can be expressed as: RCR(n)=N1exp(-n/t(N1))+N2exp(-n/t (N2)) = 64.54exp(-n/1.98)+31.14exp(-n/23.11) and UR(n)= Ylexp(-n/t(Y1))+Y2exp(-n/t(Y2)) = 85.06exp(-n/ 108.6)+12.94exp(-n/705.8).	4
We chose as the object of analysis all Springer open access books and non-open access books published from January 1, 2010, to June 30, 2019.	2
362 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE—April 1, 1999	0
This study showed the department chairs' continued scholarly vigor after promotion, providing insight into their tenacity, resilience, and dedication.	5
(See article by David Webster and Tad Skinner on page 22.)	0
The bibliometric data analysis generated different research themes within IoMT technologies and their applications in healthcare research.	4
We have downloaded the metadata for all Nature research papers from the online literature database over the period between January 2010 and June 2015, including title, publication date, discipline, doi, and keywords.	2
Citations spanned the years 1852–2015 with a mean citation age of 13.5 years at the time of thesis publication (Figure 3).	4
In this article, we consider possible modes of engagement with technoscientific security contexts.	1
This version of the dataset draws heavily from the work of Walt Crawford, and includes his entire 2011–2015 dataset; in particular Crawford's work has made it possible to confirm “no publication fee” status for a large number of journals.	2
The Web has become a major information source both in everyday and in professional life.	0
Comparative case studies include the analysis and synthesis of the similarities, differences and patterns between two or more cases that have the same focus or target [11].	3
We use nearest-neighbor matching to check how sensitive these findings are to our choice of control group.	3
We also use an indicator of uninterrupted and continuous presence (UCP) to measure the consistency of a researcher's achievements.	3
To define disciplines, we use the top-down classification provided by Scopus.	3
From the perspective of national distribution, the UK, the USA and Germany are the top three countries publishing articles in the related literature; these results are shown in Table 2.	4
All rights are reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.	0
The articles in each time period were then compiled and sorted by "total citation" in descending order from the highest cited article to the lowest one to establish the h-index, which would serve as the number of citations required for an article to be considered as H-Classics in each time period (7).	3
The extracted author names from the DBLP database were subsequently classified by NamSor Applied Onomastics, a name recognition software provided by a private start-up company.	3
The mean impact factor has also increased over this period from 0.842 (range 0.099– 2.233) to 1.400 (0.000–3.821).	4
On the other hand the citing authors from Europe, East Asia and North America have a higher number of publications in the citing year-1 than the world average.	4
This study examines the extent of cross-disciplinary accounting research using a self-constructed definitional framework developed from a review of diverse literatures to better understand its meaning and underlying dimensions.	1
Brazil took a leading position in the six publication indicators.	4
We coded the material using a dual strategy combining bottom-up codes with subsequent theory-informed codes, building on the five topics used in the interview guide (see earlier).	3
When asked about the criteria of good and bad journals, respondents repeatedly referred to the JIF without hesitation.	4
The most common screening modalities in these articles were low-dose computed tomography (LDCT) (n=78), followed by chest X-ray radiography (CXR) and sputum cytology (n=11).	4
Recall that eji denotes the probability that the reviewer training process of recommendation profile (i) results in recommendation profile (j), and that eij = ?	0
However, citation-based indicators (journal impact factor and number of citations) accounted for most of the variance in OnSMP activity (31.9%).	4
In the first version each co-author takes the full credit for the entire paper.	3
The survey was conducted between September 25 and November 23, 2012.	2
The low availability rates of abstract/author keywords/keywords plus information for early publications in WoSCC and even most recent records in A&HCI will make them less visible in literature retrieval and analysis.	5
Our bibliometric analysis illustrated a historical perspective on the progress of scientific research on Medical Informatics.	5
First, the underlying causes of Taiwanese doctoral students' engagement in QAPs were attributable to their desire to achieve particular academic-related successes and their feeling of reciprocal obligation to support other researchers.	4
We found that negative citations concerned higher-quality papers, were focused on a study's findings rather than theories or methods, and originated from scholars who were closer to the authors of the focal paper in terms of discipline and social distance, but not geographically.	4
Two thirds of the editors (N = 45, 64.3%) in this research (N = 70) did not receive any financial compensation for their work.	4
We conclude that our models indicate that the observed performance difference in the early career is partly explained by performance differences during the doctoral education.	4
The AM criticizes the confinedness of established evaluation practices and pledges for an expansion of quantitative research evaluation.	4
The highly subjective nature of determining research reputation challenges the extent to which the quantitative surveys conducted as part of the global university ranking systems can in fact provide an accurate picture of research reputation across all universities and higher education institutions for all disciplines.	5
Betweeness centrality is an index designed to detect anode on the path between other nodes.	3
This study uses four measurements to determine "usage": article downloads, publications written by McGill University researchers, references made by McGill University authors, and top journals as identified by faculty for teaching.	3
Based on a library user's complaint of a dead OpenURL link, this study looks over dozens of articles from university-sponsored supplements in Science, Nature, and Cell Press journals.	1
Universities looking to recruit or to rank researchers have to attribute credit scores to their academic publications.	1
The highest number of articles was from the USA (n=160/65,04%), followed by Japan (n=10/4,06%), South Korea (n=10/4,06%), the UK (n=10/4,06%) and Canada (n=7/2,8%).	4
Bibliography citation data were extracted from all dissertations submitted to the Department of Spanish and Portuguese from the period 2003-2012.	2
The aim of this paper is to present alternative views to challenge the concept of salami slicing as inherently negative.	1
Purpose: Research productivity metrics are important for decisions regarding hiring, retention, and promotion in academic medicine, and these metrics can vary widely among different disciplines.	1
The list of research goals established for the analysis of the literature on this topic is provided in Table 1, as well as the indicators to be collected.	1
The CDM framework and the lines of research it has stimulated find deeper roots in Zvi Griliches' research accomplishment and leadership.	5
The phenomenon of multiple institutional affiliations and its relationship to research output remains relatively unexplored in the literature.	1
Our null hypotheses were (1) that the h-index would not differ significantly by academic rank, and (2) that there would be no difference in h-index according to institutional affiliation.	1
Within this set of 55 LIS journals, three composite factors—citation impact per article (size-independent), subjective reputation, and total citation impact (size-dependent)—account for 77% of the common variance within a balanced set of 11 journal ranking metrics (five stated preference metrics and six citation metrics).	5
In order to ensure the accuracy and objectivity of the relationship between received citations from the two categories of papers, those with a corresponding author with an institutional e-mail address and those with a non-institutional one, we retrieved data from the WoS for a timespan of 5 years: 2008–2012.	2
First, the number of publications and citations are considered.	3
This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
Results of this paper have three important implications for bibliometric studies and research evaluations.	5
In all three columns of Table 4, the improvement of the prediction (row 1 in Table 4) has a negative sign.	4
How do the leading OB and HRM journals compare to each other in terms of such regularity?	1
101 (Ultrasonography in Pregnancy), highest OBGYN impact factor (4.39) was PB no.	4
For the statistical analyses, we calculated the difference between each country's proportion of publications in the mega-journal and in the premium journal(s) for each tandem set.	3
For the reader, recognizing that lead articles are more highly cited is one extra tool that they can use to allocate their reading time even though there is no guarantee that there is any quality difference besides the citation count.	5
The results showed that using manually added research labels to identify the specialist LA researchers was of limited use, and that using automatically extracted keywords was more useful.	4
Microsoft Excel Visual Basics for Applications scripts were programmed to categorize extracted data.	3
The key distinctions between recycling and repurposing are familiarity and context.	4
ST and period delisting samples were removed, erroneous records were removed, financial companies were deleted, and 27,751 observations were finally obtained.	2
For Likert questions, independent sample t test for gender differences and ANOVA for country, subject and age differences with Tukey test for pairwise comparison were used.	3
Author- Suggested, Weighted Citation Index: A Novel Approach for Determining the Contribution of Individual Researchers.	0
For calculating collaborative coefficient, we used the CC index, which shows the degree of collaboration among authors.	3
Our study suggests that aside from the widely adopted measure of popularity, organizations benefit from identifying the contextual factors that influence the popularity of knowledge.	5
This represents about 13% of the corpus that has been semantically annotated.	4
Each entry of the table is the probability that the column and row disciplines have the same statistical mean.	0
West African global share of published articles grew from 0.23% in 1997 to 0.51% in 2017.	4
You may not further distribute the material or use it for any profit-making activity or commercial gain	0
The article with the highest citations is "Unsupervised learning of finite mixture models" by Figueiredo and Jain (2002), published in IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, with a total of 1,301 citations.	4
(1999) and use both the impact factor and the immediacy index as our dependent variables.	3
Global research progress on coastal flooding was studied using a bibliometric evaluation of publications listed in the Web of Science extended scientific citation index.	1
The aim of this study is to conduct a retrospective bibliometric analysis of articles about rehabilitation medicine using virtual reality technology.	1
Additionally, when extracted articles were divided into 'Focused' and 'Mixed' category, it was found that 76% articles in top-50 list were focused and only 24% articles has fallen into mixed category.	4
To complement the macro structure, the emic experience of the authors, who represent early, mid and late career phases of academic engagement in tourism and collectively have 80 years of involvement in academic publishing as authors, reviewers and editorial board members, was added.	3
Bradford's law of scattering was applied to the data of the 100 most-cited articles to investigate if core articles are responsible for one- third of the total citations that these articles received (Vickery, 1948).	3
In the analysis of scientific output metadata, we find no empirical evidence for the rise of new modes of knowledge production in UWS.	5
'Motion, velocity, basin', 'earthquake, area, events', 'motion, ground, hazard' and 'fault, rates, deformation' are the main topics in earthquake prediction domain.	4
Four prominent ranking lists from Association of Business Schools, Australian Business Deans Council, German Academic Association for Business Research, and Comité National de la Recherche Scientifique were selected to represent different experts' judgements.	2
The CART model indicated that employee health and safety was the most important factor, followed by product quality and safety.	4
The findings reveal research output inflections after global announcements such as UN-Earth Summits.	4
How to evaluate the degree of interdisciplinarity of an institution?	1
However, NSF's assessment is based entirely on quantitative indicators, and as we have seen, qualitative ones paint a different, and more complete, picture.	5
To achieve the objective, after investigating different software packages (e.g., Vosviewer, Sci2), CiteSpace is selected for the biblio-metric analysis to analyse and visualise the scientific patterns and emerging trends in transport research literature.	3
144) in examining knowledge continuity for certain emerging technologies.	3
This study has now been updated for the years from 2016 to 2019 by analyzing 590 research articles.	1
Research collaborations between nations follow linguistic, geographical, and historical traditions.	4
To do so, we apply multiple Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) regression analysis to longevity and demographic data for the 387 deceased individuals who had won the Nobel Prize in physics, chemistry, or physiology/medicine between 1901 and 2000.	3
A total of 69,350 CS articles in these journals from 1987 to 2016 were downloaded from WOS.	2
In this article, we compare publication and citation coverage of the new Microsoft Academic with all other major sources for bibliometric data: Google Scholar, Scopus, and the Web of Science, using a sample of 145 academics in five broad disciplinary areas: Life Sciences, Sciences, Engineering, Social Sciences, and Humanities.	1
The temporal limit established for the research was from 2004 to 2017.	2
We encourage editors to consider adopting (optional) structured abstracts, which often have the advantage of ensuring that authors do not omit to specify key aspects of their study [58,59].	5
As a result, a total of 9596 publications have been identified as the core set of Big Data research.	2
Furthermore, the main differences found between disciplines were related to the scope of cooperation, carried out at a more local level in Gastroenterology/Hepatology.	4
In comparison to bibliographic coupling, publication authorship produces significantly better intra-cluster cosine similarities across all data sets, which in the end yields a more fine-grained picture of the research field in question.	4
Collaborative contributions to LIS research were not so evident among authors of the Asian community.	5
This analysis may be a step in the right direction towards a model for evaluating and ranking institutions within a particular university.	1
Variables that were significant on univariate analysis (p < 0.05) were placed into a multivariable logistic regression model to characterize the association with academic job placement.	3
The major topics of interest covered in highly cited systematic reviews and meta-analyses were dental implants (n = 34), periodontology (n = 23), prosthodontics (n = 12) followed by operative dental topics (n = 7).	4
We selected 10 projects in different fields of knowledge to calculate the SICOR, and the results indicate that 0.43% of the tweets and Facebook posts collected provide linkages with information about social impact.	2
For each included paper, we retrieved (1) number of citations, (2) year of publication, (3) number of citations per year, (4) journal and its (5) 5-Year Journal Impact Factor, (6) country of corresponding author and its (7) income category, (8) world region, (9) research type (i.e., case reports, primary research, or secondary research), and (10) research subtype of those classified as primary research (i.e., interventional or observational) or secondary research (i.e., narrative review or systematic review).	3
This study tries to figure out if the screening results reflect the bibliometric status of the journals.	1
What are the mutual influences between the traditional (formal/informal) and	1
More specifically, we investigate the extent to which the incorporation of full-time researchers can help to foster innovation at research and healthcare centres affiliated with the Spanish National Health System.	1
Twelve of the 17 countries, including Denmark, have seen a rather steep—almost linear—growth in the period 1980–2014 in the proportion of articles resulting from transnational research collaboration.	4
Similarly, the number of original articles increased by 21%, but the anaesthetic specialty's share of original articles (as a proportion of total articles in biomedicine) decreased from 31% in 2001–2005 to 19% in 2011–2015 (-38%).	4
The estimates of subject coverage were determined to answer a central question: “where am I likely to find the most relevant records for my specific search goal?”	1
While some of us have experience on review panels or in other capacities for the surveyed agencies, it is important to emphasize that the information and views reported here are our personal impressions, compiled in late 2017 and early 2018.	2
This is largely driven by an increase, mainly in recent years, in public health research on maternal mortality.	5
The 5,153 documents included in this field represent 88.23% of the total.	4
Hence, we selected a total of 23 journals at A, B levels in the field of Artificial Intelligence from China Computer Federation catalogue 2019.	2
Thus, it appears that the current practice of assessing research performance based only on h-index seems to be a misplaced emphasis.	5
*HTA reports selected for additional analysis of international HTA report uptake through the CRD HTA database.	0
We began with consideration of five variables suspected likely to influence ease of literature access: institutional access (yes/no), institutional affiliation (five categories), discipline as reflected by Commission membership (six non-exclusive categories], sex (two categories), and region (five categories).	3
For each PR3 article, considering its own citations and the citations achieved by all its peer publications from the same journal and year, we determine whether it is above or below the mean, whether it is above or below the median and whether or not it belongs to the top 10% most cited papers, a threshold typically associated with high impact.	3
We find that narratives from development cooperation complement and sometimes supersede the traditionally liberal meta-narrative of scientific collaborations.	4
What is the relationship between gendered participation in collaboration and levels of gender equity?	1
The author used a variety of resources to identify presses mentioned in the bibliographic citation information for a resource and to determine its characteristics for the best categorization.	3
She holds a BS and MBA from Western Kentucky University and a PhD degree from the University of Kentucky.	0
Specifically, publications with international co-authorship receive significantly more citations from abroad, which strongly implies that international collaboration fosters high quality research and positively impacts citation rates, especially when considering the relatively smaller foreign community size once the authors' home countries are excluded.	4
This type of study is virtually impossible to do manually in any sort of a comprehensive manner.	0
The inclusion criteria were: (a) clinical trials in which participants were randomly assigned to the intervention arm; (b) the primary outcome focused on interventional dental implant or peri-implantitis treatment.	2
when considering the temporal evolution patterns of the countries during the studied years).	3
The distribution of the responses was calculated for each statement and P value<0.05 indicated statistical significance.	3
Results show that having international co-authors at the previous career stage is the most significant factor in increasing the probability of international mobility.	4
Third, the evolution of entity popularity may play a moderating role in the relationship between research funding and team performance.	5
First, our study allows researchers looking forward to publishing in this area to understand the existing landscape and the current state of generative AI scholarly research.	5
In contrast, citing non-peer reviewed sources, such as the social media, was not thought acceptable.	4
In order to determine the optimal number of clusters we used the Silohuette coefficient metric.	3
The proportion of articles steadily increased from 2009, plateauing at its peak from 2010 to 2016, and then seeing A decline from 2017 to 2019.	4
Pour créer un filtre aux revues de catégorie A (n = 464) et ?	3
Median scores significantly increased from 3.8 (IQR 3, 4.9) to 5 (IQR 4.7, 5; W = 219, p<0.0001).	4
The following extract from one of the reviewed papers provides an illustrative example.	0
Here, we present data from qualitative interviews undertaken between January and February 2016 with 20 academics based in six UK HE institutions.	2
The diachronic evolution of the coauthorship networks on leishmaniasis coincides with that observed by Lee et al.17 in physics; these authors identified three phases: the emergence of small components (nuclearization); their gradual integration into a giant component; and the multiplication of the links in that giant component, generating a dense and complex web of interrelationships.	5
We have focused on university professors as sample population (and skipped other academic staff in universities and also professors at universities of applied sciences), because we wanted to concentrate on persons who have (1) an established career path (in contrast to other academic staff) and (2) are to a high extent oriented towards publishing their research results (in contrast to professors at universities of applied science, formerly called Fachhochschulen, i.e.	2
First, the trackback controversy is evidence that certain blogs are a window into science-in-the-making.	5
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Data for this project are drawn from Thomson Reuters' Web of Science (WoS) database, covering the Science Citation Index Expanded, the Social Sciences Citation Index and the Arts and Humanities Citation Index.	2
However, when looking at future citations as a proxy for the quality of the research, female-authored papers received 25% more citations than similarly evaluated male-authored papers, suggesting that women needed to produce higher quality work than men in order for referees to recommend publication.	5
It has been over 15 years since the world's centers of research excellence in the management of technology and innovation (MOT) have been acknowledged.	1
First, Gini coefficients for both groups decreased until the 1980s but have increased since then.	4
Virtual class meetings were hosted over Zoom, which allowed us to record classes for future trainees.	3
Furthermore, the overall authorship pattern presented a strong collaborative sample (73.2%), more than half of the studies were written by two or more authors.	5
This study uses qualitative research methods: in-depth semi-structured interviews, followed by thematic content analysis.	2
Thirdly, for the old papers published tens of years ago, highly cited papers (WoS citation) are used more frequently than lowly cited papers.	5
We analyzed topic networks to achieve a more systematic understanding of e-health and to gain an insight into the main interests in e-health research.	5
This free software program retrieves and analyzes academic citations using Google Scholar as the data source.	2
Table 1 Funding of publications according to article type and journal	0
The latest version of the science-wide author database of standardized citation indicators developed by Ioannidis and colleagues (e.g., Ioannidis et al., 2016) was used to estimate career impact.	2
All indices demonstrated a positive relationship with increasing academic rank (p < 0.001).	4
Fourteen (70%) had some or all of their content indexed in Scopus or WoS, but only two journals (BMC Psychiatry and Journal of Psychiatry and Neuroscience) are currently indexed in JCR.	4
Thus, drawing communities of declared interest, we find an interesting dichotomy between rich countries on the one hand, which are studied extensively in the literature and for which authors use trendy keywords to singularise themselves from past and concurrent work; and developing countries on the other hand, which are associated with more technical keywords reflecting a narrower spectrum of domains and specific data challenges.	4
The most common option for both open access and closed access journals is blind peer review (76.3% of open access journals and 75.7% of subscription journals).	4
Given this, instead of filtering frequent terms we used the well-known normalized term frequency/inverse document frequency (TF-IDF) to determine the weight wim of term or reference i in document m.	3
Only articles and reviews were considered, since they are the most relevant document types for reporting original research (hereafter 'articles').	2
3, 2007), thus found a reasonable sample size for the purpose of the study.	2
The analysis reveals generalized grounds of social space of Russian physics institutions: principles of visibility and scientific capital.	4
As a result, we analyzed the national diversity of 19 periodicals for the period 2012–2017.	2
This paper analyzes the relationship among international collaboration, number of papers and number of citations from an economic perspective.	1
although the overall data trend shows a positive correlation between citedness and prestige of the journal, the correlation is higher for the specific population of highly cited authors.	4
With respect to the bibliographic properties of the three types of durability, our first observations necessitate further analysis in follow-up work.	0
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).	0
The foremost goal of this study is to estimate the number of records available on a database relating to a specific subject.	1
The countries that mostly published letters to the editor between 1996 and 2018 are the United States of America (232,417 letters), England (99,846 letters), Italy (45,513 letters), Germany (39,869 letters), France (37,338 letters), Japan (35,980 letters), Spain (35,308 letters), and Australia (30,013 letters) (Clarivate Analytics 2018a).	4
An analysis of the Scopus database shows that JCF published 1,401 documents between 1994 and 2018: 1,324 published articles, 42 articles in press, 14 editorials, 1 erratum, 3 notes, and 17 reviews.	2
PFNET of 121 information science authors based on raw cocitation counts.	0
The cumulativeness index used in this study is exhibited in the following form: Cumulativeness of nation j for i field of research = ∑t=t1tn Nijt/Nit where Nit is the count of publications in the field of i year t and Nijt is the count of publications in the field of i year t by nation j.	3
Indeed, we find the careers of the laureates before winning the prize are governed by remarkably similar patterns to those of ordinary scientists, characterized by hot streaks and increasing reliance on team work.	5
This information can be used to try to explain the observed variation in the SD of rank by regressing the observed rank SDs on the number of papers, total citations and years; the remaining variables are excluded to avoid obvious multicollinearity issues.	3
The analyses performed in this paper use data on citations to articles from 60 economics journals listed in the Social Sciences Citation Index (SSCI) published in 1994.	2
Interviews will be thematically analysed following the method outlined by Braun and Clarke.	3
Journal cost-effectiveness was measured using cost-per-use and cost-per-SNIP.	3
In this study, PCA is used to transform the different indicators considered here (e.g.	3
Note: Only journals with explicit authorship guidelines were included in the analysis for the reported results	0
RQ4: What are the evolutionary characteristics of method entities under different varying research approaches?	1
The results of the linear regressions indicate that in most cases there are a statistically significant relationship between the share of recent references and the number of references.	4
Vietnam ranked third among 10 Southeast Asian countries, based on the number of published papers in Industry 4.0, but the gap with the two top countries was large.	4
Year 2016 was chosen for analysis since full citation data were available for that year in the time when the study was conducted.	2
B. Phillips (2016) Meritocracy Voting: Measuring the Unmeasurable, Econometric Reviews, 35:1, 2-40, DOI: 10.1080/07474938.2014.956633	0
Listening and learning from the current experiences of ECRs, it would seem that some scholarly mechanisms and facilities generally work well for them: discovery and access, authorship practices, peer review, sharing collaboration, and publishers are in this category.	5
The top five Journals were HortScience (278, 7.18%), Journal of the American Society for Horticultural Science (272, 7.024%), Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry (116, 2.996%), Journal of Economic Entomology (97, 2.505%), Food Chemistry (92, 2.376%).	4
Jiaming Liu: Methodology, Investigation, Data curation, Visualization, Formal analysis, Writing - original draft.	0
Second, it has not been clarified why, in absence of IF, other journal-based metrics that are currently available should not be used.	3
Keywords “Service science*”, “Information system*'”, “Service management*”, and “Service engineering*” were used to search titles, abstracts, keywords or keywords plus of papers indexed in the science social citation index (SSCI) from the ISI databases.	2
The approach incorporates metadata with co-citations to find and rank related articles against a query paper.	1
The co-occurrence keyword network can be also analysed using VOS viewer software package that implements and visualises the VOS clustering technique.	3
Received: 25 August 2020 / Accepted: 4 February 2021 / Published online: 6 March 2021	0
The research proposes a bibliometric analysis of the journal's publications conducted in R Studio, using the Bibliometrix platform.	1
Table 1 shows that HDP has the highest coverage compared with both of cocitation method and co-word method.	4
The most productive period with regards to the number of publications was between 2017 and 2019.	4
In addition, although all faculty members received several different communications about the ORCID campaign, more than one faculty member told me that they had not seen the email sent by the Dean's Office or that they had not gotten information about the main campus's ORCID campaign, which indicates that multiple messages, including personalized messages, may be necessary for this kind of outreach project.	5
Collaboration between authors and institutions has also increased.	5
The spatial model points to negative spillovers from capital expenditure and no spillovers from labor or the scientific output.	4
We find that using permille rankings does not improve the performance of evaluation measures in general except for the nDCG measure which should only be used with permille rankings.	4
Received April 9, 2010; Accepted May 30, 2010; Published June 22, 2010	0
Our findings show an overall increase in the number of studies across time, but not associated with an increase in publication quality.	4
In this work, data for creating patent-inventor PI network, patent-field PF network, and patent citation network Ci is collected from USPTO (the United States Patent and Trademark Office) database at the year 2018 using the phrase 'wireless power transmission'.	2
In this study, CRExplorer is used to study the CRs of all papers published in the Journal of Informetrics.	1
2, because the bar for “Physics, Astronomy” has a constant height of 1 unit.	4
In arguing for the antagonistic relation between evaluation and innovation, we consider arguments from the nature of audit and the situational logic of scientific practice.	3
An investigation finds that dozens of academic titles offered ‘Dr Fraud' — a sham, unqualified scientist — a place on their editorial board.	1
I wish to acknowledge the help of Julia Rodriguez in providing a fresh set of eyes for the first manuscript draft and for asking perceptive questions of the data and of the author.	0
Theoretically, this study first introduces a policy citation interaction as a quantification approach to reveal policy adoption decisions behind policymakers' citation choices.	5
The question remains whether RPYS is reliably able to identify the roots of research fields: do experts in the fields come to similar conclusions?	5
The GDP data comes from World Development Indicators at constant 2005 US dollars.	2
Most notably, units that returned more interview-based work typically received lower scores, and those which returned more analyses of large-scale data and meta-analyses typically received higher scores.	4
In CVPR and ICML, the percentage of LCPs reaches their peak when the NR is 20 and then a slow decreasing trend is shown.	4
The average number of collaborative papers ranged between 4 and 5 authors per paper throughout the period until 2015, where it increased to more than 5 authors per paper, and reached the highest number in 2018, where 331 papers were signed by up to 6 authors per paper.	4
We treat all the Turing Award laureates as a group and then we set its number to 0.	3
First, to what extent do Australian universities replicate national PBRF indicators in their research management provisions for academic staff?	1
Ponomarev, et al., Predicting highly cited papers: A Method for Early Detection of Candidate Breakthroughs, Technol.	0
Similarly, geographical h index is designed to measure the advantages of article views in terms of geographical diffusion.	3
We conducted multiple linear regression analyses and binary logistic regression analyses.	3
At the centre of the map were the keywords of 'COVID-19 (667 times)', 'pandemic (155 times)', 'nursing (144 times)', 'coronavirus (114 times)', 'nurses (106 times)' and 'pandemics (64 times)'.	4
We displaced the data by three years because the economic and social effect on scientific results are not materialized immediately.	3
Each analysis reveals multiple maxima; each result also yields a peak occurring in 1967, the year Andrew Viterbi published his seminal technique later dubbed the Viterbi algorithm (year highlighted in year).	4
We determined the Grand Sleeping Beauty Equation for these medical SBs which shows that the probability of awakening after a period of deep sleep is becoming rapidly smaller for longer sleeping periods and that the probability for higher awakening intensities decreases extremely rapidly.	3
The 15 most-cited papers citing Danna and Nathans (1971), each received a higher number of citations than their source of inspiration.	4
Which are the main publishers at each level of analysis?	1
Geographical location—to ensure coverage of all home countries—the final sample included 23 English institutions, 3 Scottish, 2 Welsh, and 2 from Northern Ireland; 2.	3
For a discussion about the choice of a direction to approach the efficient frontier, see F?re, Grosskopf, and Margaritis (2008).	0
Conflict of interest The authors have no relevant financial or non-financial interests to disclose.	0
The overall average number of authors/article for each article type is 4.71 (Original Research), 3.25 (Review), and 3.86 (Case Report) authors per year.	4
The only substantial improvement came with the non-linear model of the support vector machine, in particular, use of the radial kernel model.	4
The dependent variable in the gravity model is the amount of collaboration between pairs of countries.	3
The simulated alternative procedure consisted only of the first step, that is, was entirely based on the ranking of proposals based on the expert reviews: the expert review-based (ERB) evaluation.	3
This metric, termed ‘distributed articles’ by Young, Baird, and Pullman (1996), is a count of the number of articles on which each individual researcher is an author such that each researcher listed on an article receives credit for one distributed article.	3
This article explores law libraries' responses to U.S.	1
We use DOI as a unique identifier to link the WoS citation records with the Faculty Opinions records.	3
This paper presents an inferential network model of academic collaboration at the WUSTL ICTS.	1
Our results show that both first and last authors have a significantly lower probability of being excluded from inventorship than middle authors.	4
The data was processed using a three-stage model (Figure 1), where each stage corresponded to one of the research questions.	3
Moreover, we will try to answer the following question: are the results of collaborative works better than those produced by a single author?	1
An a level of 0.05 was assumed to represent statistical significance, and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were computed where appropriate.	0
1; PEV values equal to 27.32 and 19.16, respectively).	4
Our main finding is that heterogeneous leaders outperform homogeneous leaders with higher citation ranks.	5
Data have been collected in the framework of a large study funded by the European Commission on the characteristics of research funding systems in European countries (PREF, contract no.	2
While collaboration with colleagues is frequent (for example, in a research unit, laboratory, centre, and so on), international visibility, reputation, and publishing in well-known journals are believed to be strongly enhanced by collaboration with foreign partners.	5
Table 1 List of journals analyzed in the study and the period	0
Therefore, we proposed to do a larger multicentre study with a primary objective to estimate the prevalence of those with poor knowledge regarding plagiarism and explore the predictors of knowledge and attitudes towards plagiarism in UG medical students of India, thereby providing us an opportunity to recommend national level policy changes in UG medical education.	1
Our endogenous technology choice framework shows that a higher IT intensity makes input-specific productivities more complementary.	5
This paper will report the findings of the 2012 Journal Value Metrics (JVM) pilot study that reviewed a Big Deal journal package licensed by a national consortium, and the value that package delivered to subscribing institutions.	1
The findings in answer to the third RQ showed that library holdings either as print or electronic tend to be accrued over time like formal citations.	5
We present evidence that the financial burden of these costs of OAP is distributed unequally across developing and industrialized Western countries.	1
This paper explores what it takes for research laboratories to produce valuable knowledge in academic institutions marked by the coexistence of multiple evaluative frameworks.	1
This enables us to show that more women in the science system not only bring about a “gain in justice”, but also a concrete scientific benefit.	5
during the time frame of this study from 1985 to 2010, there were 14,127 different authors who accounted for 14,526 total articles published in the 11 selected journals.	4
This paper examines scientists' perspectives on selecting grants by 'lots' and how they justify their support or opposition.	1
The GIPP discipline classification model aggregated all disciplines into six fields on the basis of the discipline classification of WoS.	3
Data employed in this study are from the “Research Value Mapping (RVM) Survey of Academic Researchers,” a project conducted by the RVM program.	2
We observe that it is a power-law function satisfying the 'Pareto principle' or 80–20 rule, where 20% of the articles gather an approximate 80% of the citations.	4
Finally, having identified these clusters, we used the framework described by Thomas (2006)—who proposed a general inductive approach to qualitative coding designed to extract higher-order themes—and reviewed the clusters to identify overarching domains of scholarship.	3
Personal information on researchers was obtained from the Current Research Information System (SICRIS), while data on the distribution of funds among scientific disciplines were provided by the SRA.	2
We conducted a qualitative interview study using thematic analysis guided by a constructivist approach.	3
The single biggest affiliation loser is the United States, which had 42.5% of country affiliations in 1996–2003 but only 26.9% in 2012–2018.	4
This article does not contain any studies with human participants performed by any of the authors.	0
Efforts to further increase the quantity and quality of research in the field should include steps to increase the level and range of collaboration.	5
The empirical findings reveal compelling evidence that SSRF has significantly enhanced the production of high-impact national and international publications for disciplines reliant on the facility for experiments, particularly increasing the percentage of high-impact national publications.	4
The aim of the study was to investigate the familiarity and usage of traditional metrics and altmetrics for evaluating research outputs in academia, thus the targeted participants were academic scholars.	2
Table 6 reveals that, in terms of MAE, RMSE and NDCG@20 metrics on the test sets for both datasets, LSTM significantly outperforms the baseline models.	4
The quantitative background of this paper comes from 3704 returned questionnaires and the qualitative background from 60 semi-structured in-depth interviews.	2
The so called weak composite indicator (WCI) allows full compensation among the different components, that is, a bad performance in one (or several) individual indicators can be compensated by a good performance in another one(s).	3
If not, what is the real proportion of Web of Science (WoS) indexed articles allocated to Q1?	1
Out of these records, a total of 80,331 (24.19%) records were available in open access.	4
In the process of science development, countries can play two scientific roles, namely, the roles of knowledge creator and knowledge absorber & diffusor.	5
To further investigate the relationship between geographic mobility and productivity, we intend to conduct mediation analysis.	3
This study was conducted to evaluate the trend in publication within the Indian Journal of Orthopaedics (IJO).	1
By mapping the oncology research performed from 2001 to 2010, we identified the primary research centres, including the top 20 institutions and countries and the 4 major oncology research fronts: i) the mechanism of abnormal oncogene expression; ii) tumour metastasis and angiogenesis; iii) the relationship between cancer cells and apoptosis; and iv) tumour vaccines.	4
The leading institution was University of Arkansas, with twenty-three published research articles in the selected STEM LIS journals (N = 981) followed by University of Florida (twenty-one), Louisiana State University (eighteen), University of Michigan (sixteen), Mayo Clinic (sixteen), University of Tennessee (fifteen), University	4
Among the countries from the region, the highest Hirsch numbers for the last interval 2011-2015 belong to Greece (112), Turkey (111) and Romania (98), closely followed by Serbia (94), Slovenia (94) and Croatia (89).	4
Bibliometric studies of this nature can help to identify citation behaviour trends, author productivity, and can help to identify possible problems, such as the need to encourage authors to cite their own local literature alongside international literature, which helps to increase the authority of national medical journals.	5
The stakeholders in scholarly communication, especially authors, pay insufficient attention to the accuracy of bibliographic references.	5
We thank Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico (CNPq National Council for Scientific and Technological Development) for its financial support.	0
Ranking bias, in our context, is defined as "favoring papers of certain time periods."	5
Our proposed typology can offer guidance in choosing the appropriate measures for studying research collaboration.	5
To cite this article: Roger Noll & W.Edward Steinmueller (1992) An Economic Analysis of Scientific Journal Prices: Preliminary Results, Serials Review, 18:1-2, 32-37	0
This is a case-study in the sociology of how and why some scientific practices initially seen as “dangerous” gain acceptance and become part of science's lore.	1
As Figure 3 shows, C1 and C2 are located in quadrant I.	4
Researchers in North America have more internal connections (1,326) than the researchers in other regions.	4
They include the impact factor, the immediacy index, the Eigenfactor, and article influence.	3
After page grouping, the initial 5428 external URLs were reduced to 254 individual websites.	2
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/0737-8831.htm	0
Max Planck Society, Administrative Headquarters, PO Box 101062, Munich 80084, Germany	0
By studying these differences, we can detect inequalities in access to scholarly networks across borders, which can cause disparities in scientific advancement.	5
Only primary and secondary research papers, review articles, research-based science-policy papers, and scholarly books were included in the coauthorship analysis; otherwise-unpublished technical reports, textbooks, joint editing of collections, and editorial or opinion pieces were not included.	2
There was a significant difference in the proportion of articles published from the home continent of the four journals.	5
Articles with the highest chance of acceptance by the AJO-DO were those from the United States and Canada and those reporting statistically significant results.	5
A Kruskal-Wallis test and Dunn post hoc test with Bonferroni correction were used to analyze any statistically significant differences in timing of correction, journal impact factor, number of authors, and citations across different error severity groups.	3
(ii) Physics: we collected all published articles in Physical Review (PR) journals [45] from 1950 through 2012.	2
Co-authorship is one of the most widely used measures to quantify scientific collaboration in research publications (Batista et al., 2018; Katz & Martin, 1997).	3
The funding information included in all manuscripts published during the aforementioned ~3-year period was also reviewed.	3
This is the case of the affiliations network (both in the estimates controlling for interaction effects with age and with sex), the media network (specifically, degree centrality, in the estimates with sex-specific interaction effects, and betweenness centrality, in the estimates with centrality interacted with age), and, with a negative sign, degree centrality in the journals network.	4
The data about 11,972 projects supported by ERC was obtained from two public sources: ERC funded projects website and CORDIS.	2
The diameters of the institution and author collaboration networks increase continually and both reach a diameter d = 15 in 2010.	4
The best policy would be to use a random sample of queries; however, currently there are no known methods to create a truly random sample of Web queries.	0
Table 2 reports the marginal effects of variables used in a probit analysis for the likelihood of being asked to do substantial revisions and resubmit prior to acceptance for publication.	3
The SEUI, is financially responsible for stays designed to improve the capacities and mobility of the researchers, through the “Sectorial Program for the General Promotion of Knowledge”, which in turn is part of the National Plan for R&D.	0
We use these JEL codes to shed some light on the publication patterns of IREF in terms of research areas.	3
Note: Please display vertically so that chart can be elongated - to make the figures readable	0
Here, we develop an original framework for measuring how a publication's citation rate Ac depends on the reputation of its central author i, in addition to its net citation count c.	1
Descriptive statistics were reported as proportions and means for categorical and continuous variables, respectively, whereas outcomes of the 5-point Likert scale were reported as means with SD.	3
Scrutinizing the network reveals what disciplines have contributed to TM and to what disciplines TM has contributed.	1
In an effort to generate evidence about Canada's NTD publication activity and the structure of its research network, this study conducted a country-level co-authorship network analysis.	1
To examine the relationships between the variables in the proposed model, the researchers used partial least squares structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM).	3
The independent policy and research center Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching maintains the framework.	0
This study notices a temporal pattern between bibliographically coupled patents, indicating that ages and spans of BC pairs may strongly affect their coupling strength measurement.	5
This work has important implications for policy and practice.	5
In this study, we will attempt to reformulate a definition of academic productivity.	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at http://www.emeraldinsight.com/0022-0418.htm	0
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Non-Commercial License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0) which permits unrestricted non-commercial use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.	0
Research question 2: What is the effect of the research scientists' various sources of motivation on research performance?	1
This way we obtained a final set of 1635 papers.	2
The data collected by the developed IDSS from open sources from 28 October to 5 November 2021 were news articles and posts on social media platforms (Vk.com, Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter) with publication dates from 1 January 2016 to 5 November 2021.	2
The hypothesis to be tested is: Co-authored papers will show a higher Immediacy Index than single-authored papers.	1
The paper is structured as follows: the first section presents a literature review related to our topic research; the following section contains the methodology, describing data collection methods, the sample, and the research instrument used; in the third section, which presents the results, we discuss and analyse the factors that influence the participation and success rate in research funding competitions; the last section summarizes the conclusions of our research.	0
Conversely, other fields, including the social sciences, do not reference Al research in proportion to its growing paper production.	4
In the keyword co-occurrence network map, there are 1376 connections, and the network density is 0.0063, as shown in Figure 2.	4
Information on the items submitted for evaluation was derived from the Integrated System of Information on Science and Higher Education (POL-on) which is the national Current Research Information System (CRIS) (Sivertsen 2019).	2
An alternative method of aggregation based on data envelopment analysis (DEA) can overcome many of the shortcomings of conventional composite indicators (CIs) identified in the previous section.	3
Multinomial regression analysis showed gender, number of publications, using Beall's list of predatory journals, and applying “Think.	3
* Corresponding author at: College of Human Sciences, Department of Information Sciences, P.O.	0
Consistently with what reported in Table 1, papers can be classified into the five merit classes, depending on their Fy(Y?) values: A-Excellent (0.9 < Fy ≤ 1, score 1), B-Good (0.7 <Fy ≤ 0.9, score 0.7), C-Fair (0.5 < Fy ≤ 0.7, score 0.4), D-Acceptable (0.2 < Fy ≤ 0.5, score 0.1), E-Limited (0 < Fy ≤ 0.2, score 0).	3
Investigations into the factors behind coauthorship growth in biomedical research have mostly focused on specific disciplines or journals, and have rarely controlled for factors in combination or considered changes in their effects over time.	1
This approach forms the core contribution of this paper.	5
The rest of our dependent variables displayed a non-normal distribution, as confirmed by the Shapiro-Wilk test (p < 0.001) and Levene's variance homogeneity test.	3
Coauthorship among countries was analyzed to study the cooperation between the most productive countries in the research fields.	3
Here we further explore this theme, examining how scholarship interacts with another genre of social knowledge making—newspaper journalism.	1
Further, we found that women had lower h-indices than men in all four disciplines surveyed.	4
We use the graph entropy (Gomez-Pilaret al., 2018; Mackenzie, 1966; Sen et al., 2019, 2020) calculated using the weights of the edges of the weighted network as a measure, to quantify the structural complexity of the co-author network—which represents the collaboration structure—and the co-word network—which represents the knowledge structure.	3
Acknowledgements The authors would like to thank Wouter Jeuris for conducting the WoS matching process for the bibliographic records downloaded from PhilPapers.	0
In additional analyses (for which we categorized the manuscripts as psychological and non-psychological manuscripts), we found that the significant prediction of citations stems from the psychological and not the non-psychological manuscripts.	4
We hypothesised that the rate of publications per student and PhD enrolment would decrease compared with the 1996 evaluation due to the increased recruitment of students and supervisors.	1
The c'-index values (Table 5) are lower than c-index values (Table 4) for all authors.	4
Overall, we note that our findings can take the discussion forward, but also, that they should be interpreted with caution.	0
Research centers like CCES can facilitate this cultural change by providing the necessary academic environment and forming a new generation of researchers in key fields.	5
The study confirms the weaker position of Eastern and Central Europe countries in this collaboration and provides some recommendations to increase this type of knowledge exchange in the future.	4
The most important centrality measures in SNA are degree centrality (CD), closeness centrality (Cc), betweenness centrality (CB), and eigenvector centrality CE (Bonacich, 2007; Borgatti, 2005; Freeman, 1977, 1979).	3
However, the longer the time series, the larger the chance of finding a good fit.	0
A python program was developed to calculate different bibliometric indicators such as total publications (TP), total citations (TC), average citation per paper (ACPP), and h-index to measure productivity and influence of authors, institutions, countries/regions in JONM.	3
The following terms were searched in the title and keywords: ("scientific divulgation” OR “scientific dissemination”) AND (“social networks” OR “social network” OR “social media" OR "post truth" OR "fake news” OR “disinformation” OR university OR universities OR institution OR institutions).	3
Analysing the conference abstracts, there are over 130 references to more than 88 individuals; of those, seven are women.	4
The decrease in relative publication intensity (compared to Ph.D.	5
This study aims to explore the Web impact factors (WIFs) for websites of Pakistani universities.	1
The metric has been assessed collecting a dataset of ~90,000 research articles from SciWalker (SW) database [46].	2
Our primary outcome was the rate of rejection of the two types of submitted articles (PDF vs Word) within our three journal types.	1
In this paper, we investigate the evolution of science by observing the structure of and the change on keyword co-occurrence networks.	1
This study found that the selected RIMS, ResearchGate, curated metadata elements about scholarly activities, including research, teaching, and professional activities and service.	5
The Tobit model is used because paper-patent citations have a non-negative value.	3
First, our results clearly showed that the number of publications and research expenditure, which had been totally ignored in earlier studies, are key factors in predicting Nobel award chances, as they make the highest independent contributions in predicting a country's number of Nobel laureates for natural science as well as for Nobel laureates irrespective of discipline.	5
We exclude special issue introductions, editorials, perspectives, and biographical sketches.	2
Using the Web of Sciences Database (WoS), we retrieved 17,260 research publications from these journals after filtering out proceeding papers, editorial notes, and early access papers.	2
We retrieved a total of 42,738 extended patent families (Fig.	2
The VOSViewer software (Leiden, The Netherlands) was used to build the global collaboration maps.	3
Our interpretation is that positive JSTOR effects can be observed throughout the distribution of articles, from less popular ones in the long tail to the superstars.	4
Data for this study were derived from the online version of Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-EXPANDED), Thomson Reuters Web of Science database (updated on 26 June 2013).	2
I constructed data files containing the title and abstract for each paper accepted by Campbell and by me.	2
The top 3 reasons for rejection by the AJO-DO were (1) poor study design (59% of rejected articles), (2) outdated or unoriginal topic (42%), and (3) inappropriate for the AJO-DO's audience (27%).	4
R. L. Dillon is with the McDonough School of Business, Georgetown University, Washington, DC 20057 USA (e-mail: rld9@georgetown.edu).	0
Following a review of these citation manipulation techniques, this manuscript suggests these editorial decisions can be thought of as a game in which editorial decisions that affect the journal impact factor (JIF) of one journal influences editorial decisions of other journals.	1
We believe that UZSM should consider mandating all faculty members to deposit their publications in UZSM OA repository to increase visibility and improve access to its scientific output.	5
Citation analysis is used to assess research productivity and quality alongside qualitative assessment, such as peer review.	3
Department of Library and Information Science, Annamalai University, Annamalai Nagar – 608 002 Tamilnadu (India)	0
In summary, the overall number of articles for the year 2017 vary between a minimum of 549,059 and a maximum of 567,358, of which 454,035–468,891 are accessible by subscription.	2
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
This paper interrogates porous divides between pseudo and legitimate or credible publishing practices.	1
Whenever there was a conflict or discrepancy, final group consensus was sought.	0
Thanks to the free data access program for scientometrics researchers developed by Digital Science, all the Mexican scholarly documents with a Digital Object Identifier (DOI) during the period 2010-2019 were identified.	2
The references were first checked against publications in the Iran Journal Database, and if not there, then other online search tools were used to find the original article.	3
Bristol Centre for Antimicrobial Research & Evaluation, Southmead Health Services NHS Trust and University of Bristol, Department of Medical Microbiology, Southmead Hospital, Westbury-on-Trym, Bristol BS10 5NB, UK	0
Main changes are reflected in a set of clearly defined energy-generation and waste management clusters emerging in 2012.	5
This study investigates the period from 2004 to 2021 because the first year, 2004, indicates the first article published in cloud computing literature.	2
To provide a note of caution in this respect, in this work I provide new evidence that citations reflect many more social trends within the discipline than scientific quality alone, and that these additional elements do not become irrelevant when aggregating across publications or authors to calculate bibliometric indexes.	5
Overall, our results suggest the need for future research that can determine whether the effects of status on evaluators' perceptions of value are efficient or a source of bias.	5
a Leventhal School of Accounting, Marshall School of Business, University of Southern California, Los Angeles, CA 90089-0441, USA	0
We suggest that using both altmetrics and bibliometrics to assess an article's impact is the best approach, as altmetrics can provide insight into the social impact of research and bibliometrics can provide insight into its academic impact.	5
Further, this research has organized examined databases into three categories, namely, ‘Well-known databases', 'Subject-specific, but less-known databases', and ‘Less-relevant databases'.	4
The Times Higher Education World University Rankings was used to identify the top ten universities from each of the US and Canada, as well as the top 20 Spanish-language universities in Latin America.	2
This platform hosts around hundred open access journals from Finland publishing in different fields and mainly Finnish and English languages.	2
An exemplary citation function for sequence C=(5,4,3,3,3,1) is depicted in Figure 1.	0
The fragility of academic authenticity requires constant effort by African journal publishers to meet the metricised definitions of legitimacy set by the indexes.	5
The non- industry funding for health research in India, which is predominantly from public resources, is extremely small, and had considerable mismatches with the major causes of disease burden.	5
The user group was unresponsive to both telephone and e-mail requests for use data, and the authors did not have access to the interlibrary loan statistics.	0
Alluvial diagram is a tool to track the changes of the research areas over time (Rosvall and Bergstrom 2010).	3
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
The nodes of the network represent peer-reviewed papers that enter the network in yearly cohorts and are fixed in place at that time.	0
The citation history was analysed and tested by Van Rann criteria.	3
As the attribution of authorship and acknowledgement, and the dividing line between them, as well as practices surrounding collaboration, vary significantly between academic fields, this paper focuses on chemical biology, a sub-area of the life sciences.	1
Of all scholarly articles cited, 70.2 per cent were published in the 1990s or 2000s (n = 964).	4
The third clustering theme is natural language processing and machine learning.	4
The spike in research publications following the 2019 Novel Coronavirus (Covid-19) outbreak, however, has been like no other.	4
1 Student enrolment in winter semesters, (Führ and Furck 1998, 652).	0
Explore whether product launch strategy can be elucidated by type and timing of industry-sponsored publications.	1
The results of my model show that on a dynamic epistemic landscape, allocating funding by modified and pure lottery strategies performs comparably to a perfect selection funding allocation strategy.	4
This question was only displayed for those respondents who had previously deposited research outputs to an electronic repository.	0
By addressing these issues, international collaboration can help improve the scientific enterprise necessary for global efforts to address problems facing all of humanity.	5
Specialists accrue on average 27% more citations per paper than non-specialists (GLM, Chi-square = 1,278, p < 0.0001).	4
Research evaluation of Iranian HRNs more over creating of constructive positive competition provide an overview of the shortcomings and research challenges could be used for better planning and promotion of the health research system.	5
A textual analysis was conducted on the retraction notices to determine reasons for retraction.	3
The current study utilizes data for Nobel laureates in economics, chemistry, medicine and physiology, and physics, in order to investigate the time lag between the publication of substantial scientific accomplishments and their recognition with the conferment of a Nobel medal.	1
We advocate the use of the ε'-index whenever assessors must compare research performance among researchers of different backgrounds, but emphasize that no single index should be used exclusively to rank researcher capability.	5
In addition, 158 articles were published with orthopaedic surgery involvement where one of the co-authors was an Australian trained surgeon.	4
It took the form of telephone interviews with the intention of eliciting individuals' detailed descriptions of how they engage with ETDs, especially in terms of perceived challenges and benefits.	3
China has risen from rank 18 to fourth place in 2016.	4
We also than an anonymous referee for adding to the clarity of the presentation.	0
However, 72 (9.7%) errors were "Major" and altered the article's findings or interpretation significantly.	4
Comparing to single supervision, the team supervision model is more helpful in establishing the co-authorship network.	4
The mean of journal self-citation rates were 27.53% in this database and the mean author self-citation rates were 19.1% in this database too (Table 3).	4
The majority of the articles (29) were clinical, with level IV representing the most common level of evidence (10).	4
Free-text responses were uploaded into Nvivo 12 and subject to thematic analysis.	3
We found 4691 articles on the Compasss website which includes the QCA methodology in its three variants (fsQCA, csQCA, and mvQCA).	2
The results support the role that trust plays in helping to generate and sustain synergies between academic researchers and policy-makers or practitioners (Bogenschneider and Corbett, 2010; Cherney et al., 2012a, 2012b; Contandriopoulos et al., 2010; Haynes, 2011a, 2011b).	5
The determination of g' and ψ', i.e., the achievable g and ψ values, is the key step for determination of the right type of profile of a contributor.	3
To determine different segments of the growth development of cited references within the time series, we used a segmented regression analysis [17–21].	3
This analysis is based on the scientific publications indexed in the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS) which contains greater coverage of funding acknowledgments than other data sources such as Scopus or PubMed (Kokol & Vo?ner, 2018; Liu, 2020; Mugabushaka et al., 2022; Sterligov et al., 2020).	2
At present, the knowledge diffusion of LIS is extensive and fast, and with the data-driven research paradigm, which would play an increasingly important role in the whole discipline system with the research themes of data, information, knowledge, management and service.	4
The journal with the highest number of articles published in IN is Injury-International Journal of the Care of the Injured (Injury).	5
There was no clear effect of the pandemic on weekend submissions, mean difference in probability 0.003 (CI ?0.021 to 0.026).	4
The dataset used is based on 254 research areas as defined by Thomson Reuters in the Web of Science (2019).	2
The procedure for merging authors and WoS keywords together (hereafter “keywords”) led to a total of 7729 keywords.	2
Participant data were collected from an Author Assist coordination database and linked to Scopus (Elsevier, Amsterdam, The Netherlands) and the journal's online submission platform.	2
An online survey was conducted on NTU research community to understand their experience with, and preference for each Rl education mode offered in NTU.	2
Reprints: Muhammad Waseem, MD, MS, Lincoln Medical & Mental Health Center, 234 E 149th St, Bronx, New York, NY 10451 (e-mail: waseemm2001@hotmail.com).	0
3, the upper half contains journals from the Earth sciences (‘Geosciences’, ‘Oceanography’ and ‘Meteorology’).	0
A new metric, the relative citation ratio (RCR), was recently released by the National Institutes of Health (NIH); however, no benchmark data yet exist.	1
The number of citations in our study is higher than those observed in other radiological specialties such as interventional radiology and radiology of trauma (Crockett et al., 2015; Dolan et al., 2015).	5
As a proxy of impact we adopt the number of citations observed at 31/05/2014.	3
The empirical analysis is based on an unbalanced panel with 13.325 observations and 2.026 researchers from the biochemistry and bio-physical fields of science (on average 6.6 observations per researcher), retrieved from the Argentinean Subsecretary of Science and Technology CV repositorium for the period 2011–2018.	2
I suggest that narrative CVs might be up to this task.	3
The analytical point of departure in this paper is the ongoing debate, initiated by Ulrich Beck, on methodological nationalism within the social sciences.	1
In order to construct a scale-adjusted ranking of performance, we calculated Vscal for all our initial data, applying Eq.	3
Finally, we are surprised to find that the popularity of the publication topic has no discernible correlation to the prediction target for both previously and newly published papers.	4
The variables analyzed were number of authors per manuscript, numerical position of the corresponding author, number of collaborating institutions and countries, number of references, and number of citations per manuscript.	2
The distance function d is defined in Euclidean Distance Matrix form [25,26] and is cumulative over the period Ω, with non-diagonal elements: d(Ω, S, f1, f2) = ||Σt∈Ω Pt,S,f1 ?	3
First, the cumulative and average impact factors (IF) were calculated according to Journal Citation Reports (JCR) published yearly by Thomson Reuters.”	3
The answer to the second research question is that there is little difference between journals and conferences in terms of citation.	5
All the entries were automatically processed and analysed with a Ruby program and the ones that were not related to scientific articles were withdrawn.	3
The second PC was mostly saturated by the outputs of applied research (function samples, utility models, and patents) and the number of book chapters.	4
This study has utilized hierarchical clustering, multidimensional scaling and social network map to visualize the co-word structures in Scientometrics.	3
These results totaled 642 articles that compose the entire sample.	2
Our machine learning-based approach categorizes the citations into the important and non-important ones.	3
Moreover, supervisors have an extremely limited influence on the position of doctoral candidates in the academic network.	5
We found the majority of articles were obtained from a library subscription (65 percent), of which 94 percent were obtained from an electronic library subscription (Tenopir and Volentine, 2012).	4
In order to identify and ultimately reduce this noise, we analyzed the different citing motivations of examiners and inventors/ applicants.	1
In summary, although health law is both a natural and social science, there was a minimal collaboration by every measure, especially regarding international cooperation, and the research network was loose and unstable.	5
The cross-sectional analysis confirmed that the reduction in complexity of collaboration structure was correlated with that of the knowledge structure when these were decomposed into their substructures.	5
We also found that, although they spent most of their time doing research, respondents wished they could dedicate more time to it and spend less time writing grants and performing other activities such as administrative duties and meetings.	4
Cheating behavior is spreading among nursing students worldwide, necessitating the development of a validated questionnaire evaluating the reasons for such behavior.	1
We use the field of stem cell research to test our method.	2
The whole analysis is restricted to the publication period between 2000 and 2010.	2
We clearly observe that non-English journals are inferior-in number of citations received to pure English journals and this in all physics and chemistry subfields studied.	4
The study relies on data extracted from Google Scholar (GS).	2
The findings illustrate not only differences in the disciplinary coverage of Google Scholar, Scopus, or Web of Science, but also of less frequently analyzed databases.	4
News and World Report) programs in sociology, political science, and economics were selected for analysis.	2
Technical solutions like CrossMark are helpful initiatives and integrating information automatically in reference software or during manuscript submission could be a promising way of avoiding perpetuation of retracted articles.	5
The principal component analysis enabled the evaluation of a small group of young scholars with relatively low number of outputs in different technical and scientific fields and indicated the weak and strong points of a university research system.	5
With the information obtained, we carried out a social network analysis, applying it to the coauthorships of the scientific publications and using the documents published on the Medline database as the unit of analysis.	3
The total volume of information extracted, after the initial decompression, was 467 GB, corresponding to 15.4 million XML files.	2
research, management, etc.) over a similar time span (Figueroa-Domecq et al.	4
This work selected authors who had at least three linkages with other researchers.	2
Moreover, the number of disciplines cited by coronavirus-related research increases, whereas the distribution of disciplines is uneven, and this field tends to focus on several dominant disciplines such as Medicine, Immunology and Microbiology, Biochemistry, Genetics and Molecular Biology.	4
Journal responses are listed according to journal name in alphabetical order	0
(e) to analyze the scattering of publications into various subject-clusters and to identify high-score keywords for detecting active areas or topics of research in cryptology.	1
This article reveals the research themes and trends related to TQM in the healthcare background using bibliometric methods.	5
Much of the country's water quality research is carried out by universities, public research institutions and science councils, whereas the contribution from Ministry of water resources not so significant.	4
Received 16 June 2023; Received in revised form 19 January 2024; Accepted 26 January 2024	0
Only those journals that provided author biographies at the end of each article were selected.	2
The peer review process is corrupted and is either non-existent or minimal.	0
School of Business, University of Alberta, Edmonton, AB, Canada T6G 2J4, Tel.	0
Please cite this article as: Ryazanova, O., Journal of World Business (2017), http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jwb.2017.09.003	0
Supplemental data were collected from academic websites and investigator databases.	2
In contrast, this study aims to extend the current literature in reverse order by investigating the effects of driving factors on acquiring key positions in scientific collaboration networks and explaining any possible gender differences.	1
The survey was also designed to elicit the barriers to OA publishing perceived or experienced by HSS researchers.	3
Since the Forensic Medicine and Legal Medicine research areas are considered as a single research area in the WoS database, the articles analyzed in our study cover both research areas.	2
In total, we have 22,601 such researchers (see Table 1 for a detailed breakdown in terms of disciplines).	2
In this case, the latter prevailed over the former because it benefitted from four crucial ingredients: (1) the ISI’s climate of intellectual tolerance, which allowed the topic to remain on the ISI’s conference agenda and thus gave Ki?r the opportunity to sweep away the criticisms (including mixed replication results) leveled at the representative method; (2) the ISI’s small size and “horizontal structure”; (3) the institutional memory of the ISC’s demise; and finally, (4) Ki?r’s professional standing.	4
The method proposed in this paper is moreover fully generic and can be applied to any kind of unstructured corpora containing some form of collective knowledge, from social media posts to patents, as it has been demonstrated for example on the WHO COVID-19 clinical trials database (cf.	5
The record of retracted items in PubMed has already reached 3000.	4
This study is based on a survey of academics working in business and management schools in the UK, which we ran in 2015, combined with other data sources.	2
To this end we define a more specialized metric labelled the indicator of local quartile similarity (LQS).	3
Permission to quote by school name was given in most of the questionnaires, but lack of space precluded complete quotations.	0
The package is entitled VOSviewer (VOS stands for "visualization of similarities”).	3
The list of the researchers that were invited to complete the survey was retrieved from the national database (https://dadosabertos.capes.gov.br/dataset/ 2017-a-2020-docentes-da-pos-graduacao-stricto-sensu- no-brasil), and consisted of 2,179 dentistry professors registered in the Brazilian national system.	2
The final set of focal authors is 1,271,488 (Table 1).	2
To control for the changing size of the literature, yearly citation counts were normalized by taking the ratio of an NPW's JSTOR citations to the total of all JSTOR articles in that year (the total number of citations is not available, and the number of articles is a reasonable deflator).	2
In general, H-index can be used to prioritize the impact of swine pathogens at least for scientific interest.	5
We first summarised and analysed the content of Highlights sentences using a bottom-up coding process and established a classification schema to classify the sentences into five categories in terms of their meanings and the roles they play in scientific articles.	5
Underlying reasons for the errors are summarized and possible measures to improve the data quality are discussed in an in-depth and systematic way.	5
On 27 February 2015, we downloaded all the data from Ulrichs, which is available on the Web via http://ulrichsweb.serialssolutions.com/.	2
3) Is there a statistically significant relationship between the online accessing numbers of the articles before they are published and bibliometric indicators?	1
Compared to our paper publication case, the marginal product is the number of papers published at each age.	3
The web crawler also calls the Crossref Event Data API [22] 6 times per day to retrieve any tweets referencing entities with a DOI that has a prefix matching the one used for all bioRxiv preprints (10.1101).	2
Descriptive statistics were performed using R, Version 3.4.44 and Excel 2016 (Microsoft, Redmond, Washington).	3
Prior to the 2005 storm season, the size of the collaboration network was under 400 authors.	4
Christophe Weymuth (formerly at the Institute of Organic Chemistry at the University of Zurich, now at BIOSYNTH AG in Switzerland) for investigating the manuscripts rejected by Angewandte Chemie and published elsewhere.	0
We attempt to classify the trajectory ST(e) of an entity e (which is characterized by tstart, AT, AI, HT, and DS) into one of the following six categories (see Fig.	3
Analysis of the calculation process reveals that journal pairs with higher novelty often span independent fundamental areas, while those with lower novelty tend to focus on similar and applied fields.	4
However, Japan is the sole country whose centrality decreased among the 20 countries studied.	4
Overall, in contrast to the investigations of tweet content, there is less research of how Twitter audiences engage with scholarly Twitter mentions.	0
We assumed that a company that has completed 0 trials will have an entropy of 0.	0
The deadline was later extended to 31 May and finally to 15 June 2012.	0
It is notable that Medicine's JIF dropped substantially in 2015, the first year to include only articles published under the mega-journal peer-review policies.	4
In particular, we discovered that LIS is relatively 'result-heavy', while CS is 'method-heavy'; furthermore, in self-evaluated contributions, LIS authors concentrated more on academic contributions and applications, while CS authors preferred to demonstrate the value of their articles by comparing their research with previous studies.	4
In Table 4, two scholars, Wouters, P. and Costas, R. both have h-index at 4 and g-index at 6.	4
This research sought to critically evaluate perceptions of ORCID in the Technological University (TU)/Institute of Technology (IoT) sector in Ireland.	1
The idea for the creation of RI Country Report Cards emerged from the discussions at the 4th World Conferences of Research Integrity (WCRI) in 2015, where the representatives from countries around the world discussed the usefulness, feasibility, and content of Country Report Cards for RI and suggested the structure-process-outcome framework to describe the research environment and efforts to uphold and foster RI (Kleinert and Maru?i? 2016).	3
Specifically, we would like to understand if and how collaborations at the author (micro) level impact collaboration patterns among institutions (meso) and countries (macro).	1
Variables C and L denote clustering coefficient and mean geodesic distance respectively.	0
In this study, we tested the accuracy and sensitivity of an AI-driven tool, applied specifically to sport science.	1
263), but operates with a slightly shorter time period.	3
While junior researchers amplified success when brokering among otherwise disconnected collaborators, senior researchers prospered from socially cohesive networks, rich in third-party relationships.	4
An analysis of the academic hiring networks in geoscience reveals a severe imbalance that favors graduates from a small handful of institutions.	1
Google Scholar tracked a diverse collection of five research groups over 6–36 months.	4
Is there a correlation between the number of GS versions and their scholarly impact (times cited)?	1
(2000): [Q1 - k(Q3 - Q1), Q3 + k(Q3 - Q1)]	3
Other documents, such as news and EIC editorials, are opted out from our analyses.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
We hope to bridge this gap by examining a dataset of 410 Vietnamese researchers in the social sciences and investigate collective trends related to their scientific output and academic collaborations.	1
The USN-GU, Jeddah, and Shanghai rating systems are the most accurate, with R2 statistics in excess of 0.80.	4
An edge is reported if any two countries have co-authored on average at least five articles per year	0
The distribution of country affiliations is analyzed from a longitudinal perspective (1996–2018), and full-time and part-time authors in the field are contrasted.	1
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Four undergraduate students (Rater A, Rater B, Rater C and Rater D) with moderate knowledge of the utilisation of the databases collected the data.	2
In general, the average harvest of citations per document is higher in the case of co- authorship than when a single author is responsible for a document.	5
Through a review of those materials, I identified 284 researchers for whom ORI made a determination of research misconduct between April 1992 and February 2016 inclusive.	2
Third, the study found that interdisciplinarity contributes to the quality of scientific research, yet its effectiveness is contingent upon the stage of research.	5
In 2017 a total of 1864 and 702 articles by Spain-based researchers acknowledged the RyC and H2020-MSCA programmes, respectively.	4
This account of science explains how our scientific methods and instruments and our human mind used to develop them set the scope within which we are able to develop knowledge and science.	5
The quality of user-generated content over World Wide Web media is a matter of serious concern for both creators and users.	1
Respondents also complained about bias against scholars from emerging or developing countries.	4
Critical citations show an almost linear decreasing trend since the 1970s, with their mean decreasing from 30.7% in 1950s to 10.4% in 2010s.	4
The aim of this study was to retrospectively analyze the self-citing behavior of successful candidates who applied for the NSQ in the Allied Health Professions (AHP) scientific field.	1
Data were collected from Islamabad city-based university students using an on-line survey that contains questions related to students' plagiarism, from the internet access, ethical control, and teaching factors.	2
and (4) do male and female tourism researchers differ in their research method choices?	1
A weak but still significant correlation was found between the number of commentaries by the EiC and the Ef of their journal (r=0.431, p=0.020).	4
Based upon the extant research, we hypothesized that all three factors would be associated with a greater number of citations 5 years after publication.	1
To learn about the current situation of open access (OA) in Chinese social science journals, 714 journals listed in the Chinese Social Sciences Citation Index (CSSCI) in 2012 to 2013 were chosen to investigate, and search engines were used to analyze the OA status of these journals and their articles.	1
Furthermore, the number of articles published in OA journals has grown faster (slope=63,533) than that of articles published in non-OA journals (slope=46,455).	4
However, after normalization, the results reveal that PPPR does not exhibit a Streetlight Effect, as OA publications, within the same discipline, are on average 16% less prevalent in PubPeer than in the global total.	4
To clarify this, the present communication studies the association between the two OA models within the journals where they coexist.	1
What are the article reading patterns of faculty members, including the number of articles read, how readings are discovered, the proportion of articles read in the library, the reading format, and the reason for reading?	1
Articles are only compared against other articles from the same journal.	0
This article examines the publication and citation patterns of the world's most highly cited environmental scientists and ecologists, inquiring into their levels of scientific productivity and visibility, examining relationships between scientific productivity and quality within their research programs, and considering how different publication strategies contribute to these distinctive successes.	1
Some selected words extracted from titles of 22 journals (concurrent set) along with their ranks in two time-periods	0
The findings confirmed many logistics challenges and peer review-related problems associated mostly with substandard work of the reviewers; author misconduct, especially plagiarism; and multiple submission of articles.	4
Drawing on semi-structured interviews of 30 respondents in Australia and Japan, we explore the research-sharing practices of ECRs, finding that ECRs may potentially create a wide range of research-informed texts for end users beyond academia, using an array of methods for dissemination.	1
The Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) proposed by Blei, Ng, and Jordan (2003) is applied for extracting topics from the corpus.	3
On average, each of the 100 articles had 632 citations and since publication was cited 43 times annually.	4
a vector with non-negative entries that add up to one) a_o.	3
All medical schools in Peru that had a Scopus ID were evaluated, which corresponded to 42 faculties.	2
With professional development, support and proper guidance, librarians will be able to be real promoters and leaders for OA in their institutions.	5
But the design of the Rxivist homepage is predicated on the notion that “number of tweets” is not meant as a “technology of control,” that download count and Twitter activity are themselves interesting metrics, even if we cannot directly link them to broader conclusions.	5
The most productive institutions contributing to PICMET (using the same bibliometric indicators) in the 20-year period, 1991-2018, are the conference's home institution, the Portland State University in the USA (348 papers), the University of Pretoria in South Africa (167 papers), the University of Tokyo in Japan (122 papers) and the Tampere University of Technology in Finland (70 papers) have remained among the top productive institutions for PICMET authors since 1991.	4
RQ 2 - In which journals were the articles about open access journals published most frequently?	1
The distribution of the centrality degree of countries follows a power law with exponent of ?2.26 ± 0.24.	4
The number of coauthors (B = ?0.083, p < 0.001) and that of pages (B = ?0.079, p < 0.001) had significant negative (-) effects on the number of citations, whereas the numbers of co-affiliations (B = 0.979, p < 0.001), that of references (B = 0.074, p < 0.001), and that keywords (B = 0.612, p < 0.001) had significant positive (+) effects.	4
Future work is needed to assess what predicts which DB articles ultimately become citation classics.	5
The grand median CCR for the four journals is 79.2, being pulled upward by the large value for Journal of Sex Research.	0
Our analysis focuses on scientific communication at two major grant-awarding institutions: the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation (henceforth Gates) and the National Institutes of Health (henceforth NIH).	2
Accounting for the UAE's economic standing, and compared to other countries with excellent research output, the UAE has significant potential for further growth with increased resources for research and development.	5
With regard to the relation between performance and international diversity of author teams, the correlation between average citations and Blau index for the 1048 papers published in the leading journals between 2006 and 2015 is significant at r = .067 (p = .031), indicating that average citations increase with international diversity of the author team.	4
The most frequently cited authors are Cress and Snow, with 511 citations, followed by Ebbinghaus and Visser (377), and Fiss (324).	4
The archived contents of the institutional repositories indicate that journal articles (39.5%) are dominant as shown in Table 3.	4
We showed that our approach is particularly useful for the comparison of research production across different Italian academic disciplines at the university level.	5
In step (1) for creating academic landscape, we searched for papers using the terms “service* and (science* or management* or engineering*)” as the query.	2
Evaluated on four different Wikipedia exports, the methodology achieves high accuracy in the selected evaluation context.	5
Conflict of interest The author declares that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Only countries with more than 100 publications in 1982, or 200 in 1996, and which had their GDPc data for the required years in the World Bank database, were taken into account.	2
To quantify the relationship between quantity and quality, we take each possible pair of an author's publications and compare both their quality q = log(#Citations + 1) (using the number of citations accumulated as of October 2016) and quantity, or productivity, p, defined as the number of papers published in the same year as the focal paper.	3
In this study, we ask why some scientists tend to pursue and publish deeper contributions to knowledge within their specialties, whereas others span the boundaries of multiple knowledge domains and publish broader contributions.	1
He is a postdoctoral researcher in the field of bibliometrics and is interested on research evaluation at the institutional level, the evaluation of monographs, and the study of new data sources for bibliometric analysis.	0
Besides, the serious document omission and duplicate entry problems will affect the reliability of various metrics derived from these two databases and also provide an additional possibility when applying the databases in scenarios such as bibliometric studies (Leydesdorff 2008; MacRoberts & MacRoberts, 1996), research evaluation (Calver et al., 2013), and even CV fraud identification (Kuo et al.	5
We included all cardiothoracic (CT) surgical centers that met any of the following criteria:	2
We applied our previously developed method to composite nighttime light (NTL) data from 1992 to 2020 (Zhong et al., 2022b).	2
The purpose of this article is to provide an in-depth analysis of the relationship between the multidisciplinarity of the members of the research groups and the performance of the researchers.	1
The specific objectives of the present paper are: To trace and track the growth of scientific journals of India under PCB disciplines, and to identify the present status.	1
For the purpose of legibility, the quotations have been linguistically simplified, and the pauses and breaks while the speaker searches for words as well as emphasis of confirmation have also been revised.	0
The inclusion of reports, preprints, datasets and software/code as output types permits a richer and more accurate description of the institution's activities and talents than considering journal articles alone.	5
After controlling for the specialty, institution, and ranking, there was a significant association between the number of publications on salary (P < 0.000001).	4
Similarly, the author who occupies the ninth position according to the h-index is positioned in the 321th position based on the classification system proposed by this study.	4
The alternative was to use the transformation of the kind employed by other writers (see the discussion in Rigby (2008) on the use of the ArcSinh transformation) and then employ OLS regression in a multivariate model.	3
Among them, there were 40,318 articles, to which a two-phase model was applied to simulate the high correlation between cumulative number of articles and the year.	4
We use data for all postdoctoral and professorial staff between 1991 and 2017, for a total of 14,135 scientists.	2
On the departmental level, our findings suggest that scholars located at elite departments are able to utilize federal and industrial resources to increase publications over time.	4
This case study describes an outreach program that promoted the use of digital identifiers to a community largely characterized by traditional approaches to research and scholarship.	1
This suggests that the European countries are making a greater contribution to advances in the field than before.	5
Here we separate preferential attachment from the growth aspect of the model.	1
Among the 25 responses, 14 journals (56%) allowed co-senior authorship.	4
After that, the role of bibliometrics and co-word analysis will be justified for the present research.	0
This study uses bibliometric indicators to review the performance of the Journal against its original stated objectives and aspirations.	1
Data issues (17; 42.22%), administrative errors of the publishers (5; 13.89%), and study design (4; 11.11%) were the top three reasons for retractions.	4
3 For more extensive introductions to cluster analysis, see EVERITT (1981); HAIR et al.	0
All current and previous SAGES grant recipients were surveyed through Survey Monkey?.	3
The future trend of the development of the total number of patient safety publications has to be monitored to assess the observed slight decrease in this respect.	5
The number of POM articles published per year has been increasing (Figure 1).	4
3 At the time of the writing of this paper, the last year available in both listings was 2008.	0
Thus, this study aimed to investigate the trends of Al in oncology, evaluating the bibliographic characteristics of articles.	1
Co-citation is produced when two documents receive a citation from the same third document.	3
Studies in this genre include social network analyses (Scott 2017) of cross-border science, in all disciplines or selected disciplines, or between cities or individual universities; comparisons of national scientific output, citation quality or co-authored papers in which each nation is treated as a meta-node in the network, or as a separated data silo; studies of science within single nations; and studies comparing scientific output in the global, regional, national and local scales (Marginson 2021.	3
Received: 22 September 2023 / Accepted: 8 January 2024 / Published online: 23 January 2024	0
We downloaded bibliometric data from 24184 articles (in August 2017), but excluded reviews, editorials, and conferences.	2
Acknowledgements The present study is an extended version of an article (Zhao et al.	0
There are a total of 55 clusters of co-cited references.	4
Since citation data follow a skewed distribution, a Spearman correlation was calculated in order to find a relationship between citations and rank position.	3
To give a clear picture of the methodology, the following is the schematic representation of it.	0
The number of papers and the individual impact of focal researchers increased with academic age.	4
Based on an emerging and interdisciplinary field nanoscience and nanotechnology- this paper highlights the problem of field delineation.	1
Synthetic rankings are generated by using Shanghai top 100 data from 2004 to 2012 in a random mix.	2
Data from 1 January 2003 through 31 December 2012 were searched for documents with specific words regarding the tobacco field as 'keywords' in the title in any 1 of the 13 MEA countries.	2
Independent-sample t test was used for analysis of the quantitative variables.	3
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Different encodings are used for the dash character ‘-’ inside a multicitation instance such as “[11–17].”	0
The choice of the university rankings was determined by the noteworthy effect, as already anticipated in the introduction, of HEPLC on Brazilian Physics departments.	0
Specifically, we ask: RQ1: Do researchers trade off average impact for the quantity of their scientific output?	1
The study is limited to the publications data indexed in the Scopus database, therefore the outcome may not be generalized across other databases available in the public domain like Web of Science (WoS), PubMed, Dimensions and Google Scholars.	1
Journal wise, “Investigative Ophthalmology" (n = 187), “Journal of Glaucoma" (n = 92), and “Journal of AAPOS" (n = 68) were the journals in which the most articles were published.	4
The research design was to correlate early reader and citation counts with later citation counts for a heterogenous set of research fields.	3
The traditional document co-citation network includes 1,301 nodes and 2,161 edges.	4
The data for this study was obtained through Elsevier's International Centre for the Study of Research (ICSR), which includes bibliometric data from Scopus-indexed papers and their policy citations from Overton up until 03 October 2023.	2
Notes: RC: Citations to Research Items; RI: Number of Research Items; TC: Citations to Total Published Items; TI: Number of Total Published Items.	0
This study takes journalism research as a case to explore how academic knowledge production of the subject in the BRICS nations has been influenced by Western scholarships, which would also demonstrate their various degrees of de-Westernization.	1
Return migration decisions of scientists and engineers can be understood as the result of utility maximization over the life cycle whereby migrants accumulate financial and especially human capital in the destination before returning to their home country.	5
The experiments are conducted to rank authors in order to identify the awardees of various scientific societies.	3
He selected Revista Iberoamericana, Hispania, and Hispanic Review for use in a previous study,24 and he gathered the data for this study at the same time as the data for that earlier study.	2
Our solution identifies coherent keyphrases and key concepts considering the dataset used.	4
The rise of India and China suggests that it would be advantageous for journals to tap into this potentially promising new market, and for academics to seek fruitful collaborations there.	5
There is a marked interaction between the countries in North Africa which share both language and culture and are also relatively prolific.	4
According to the detailed analysis, the effect of female authorship variables is not statistically significant.	4
JBR is available at http://scindeks-bic.ceon.rs but only through the proxies of the Serbian Academic Network.	0
Received 22 April 2020; Received in revised form 9 June 2020; Accepted 11 June 2020	0
As seen, LC score showed more power in predicting THE score (R2adj =0.637) than QS (R2adj=0.335) (Fig.	4
The search query was "retraction of publication" [PT] OR “retraction” [TI].	3
We found that DSpace's community > collection structure did not make sense to many of the researchers, who were more used to an organisational hierarchy of faculties and research centres.	4
The ULAKBIM database does not allow to retrieve book references, which could not be included in this study.	0
The publication data such as yearly growth of research publications, document type, language, productive research areas, and other bibliometric indicators were analyzed.	3
Our findings show that the peers’ predictive ability was somewhat better in fields for which bibliometrics has been traditionally used.	5
Uselton, professor of finance at Texas A & M University, who provided some of the data.	0
We conducted thirty focus groups in various parts of Europe with research stakeholders from the medical, natural, and social sciences, and the humanities (Table 1).	2
Now, scientometrics in Russia remains the “product for internal use” mostly.	5
In this paper, we introduced a new measure to evaluate the productivity and quality of a researcher over time.	5
(1984), which we estimate by quasi-maximum likelihood (Gouriéroux et al., 1984; Wooldridge, 1997).	3
Taking the knowledge links as the units of analysis, we calculated whether there were highly similar links in a given network.	3
From this vantage point, we collectively undertook a literature review in search of work describing arenas of quality.	2
Acknowledgements The paper is an extended version of the ISSI2021 conference paper, Wang and Jeppsson (2021).	0
Motivation and personal interest drive research engagement, according to over half of graduates.	4
2012 ASIS&T Published online 13 December 2012 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
In 2016, an operational review on the University's open access implementation took place.	3
Finally, we constructed a series of multiple regression models with the NAASs as the dependent variable and the linguistic complexity indices as independent variables, using the stepwise method to exclude insignificant predictors (Larson-Hall, 2015).	3
This study concludes that data visualisation can provide an efficient and effective tool for prospective authors that wish to gauge telling details of the sub-register of a specific journal.	5
Finstad is Director of Research Services in the Department of Family Medicine and Community Health at the University of Minnesota Medical School.	0
It is clear that the chance of drawing a black or white ball does not change after each withdrawal this way.	0
The most prevalent and dominant content in South African public university collections are electronic theses and dissertations (ETDs).	4
This article presents a bibliometric analysis of prior studies on narratives in corporate annual reports (CARs) between 1990 and 2019.	1
This article introduces a new indicator to measure the balance in collaboration profiles (BIC).	1
We use Ordinary Least Squares regression to estimate the direct association between the number of proposers and the amount of teamwork coaching.	3
His research interests lie primarily in the area of product innovation management.	0
The results in Table 1 show that the hT-index improves the h-index (as already argued in [8]) by measuring both the quality and quantity of publications, but it is not very sensitive to highly-cited papers.	4
In the current study, the fewest average citations were recorded in Scopus (71.54), with slightly more in WoS (76.65), and significantly more in GS (157.28), with almost as many being recorded in MA (153.81) as in GS.	4
Does academic engagement with industry alter the research direction of early career scientists?	1
The results show that researchers from all over the world publish regularly in the journal.	4
To measure research productivity, we adopt two metrics used by Young et al.	3
For the purposes of this paper, we have limited the analysis only to products (9,225 in all) classified in 7 of such areas and, more precisely: 1—Mathematics and computer science; 2—Physics; 3—Chemistry; 4-Earth sciences; 5—Biology; 7—Agricultural and veterinary sciences; 8—Civil engineering; 9—Industrial and information engineering.	2
Academic Tracker helps with publication tracking and reporting by comprehensively searching major peer-reviewed publication tracking web portals, including PubMed, Crossref, ORCID, and Google Scholar, given a list of authors.	1
Searching for "et al[au]" yielded 51 474 hits in PubMed (II), 54 199 in Medline, 9896 in PsycINFO, 1453 in Philosopher's Index, and 264 in Embase.	3
This article investigates the organizational consequences of this development through a gender lens.	1
TC-2009: total citations of articles from publication to 2009; C/Y: number of citations/year.	0
The top 100 physicians of otorhinolaryngology and head and neck surgery worldwide were investigated using the Google Scholar h-index.	1
Based on these findings, it is observable that the ICS network has the highest MeSH distance score while the DCS and full-text networks have a similar average distance length.	4
In total, there are 7,616 research articles, published in 833 journals, citing the four information science journals during the study period.	2
The rest of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the related work.	0
Therefore, this study mapped the diffusion path of the social media resources for organic products in Mexico and South Korea through Twitter and compared the contents of tweets about organic products in terms of their semantic and hyperlink networks using webometric methods.	1
(2) Does interdisciplinary research promote the number and quality of faculty's research outcomes?	1
The greatest interest in Africa-related IRC research emerged in 2011–2020, as 85 or 82% of the 104 articles appeared during this period (Fig.	4
Third, this research found that the existing journal Impact Factor (IF) (2 years) has been changed significantly if we apply the Korean journal citations into JCR in 2014, and there are significant changes in JCR journal rankings in engineering and natural science.	4
In the first set of meta-analytic linear mixed-effects models (‘metafor' function rma.	3
Inclusion criteria were met by 2,638 articles (7.71%).	4
This strengthens the case for using Ramanajucharyulu's Power-Weakness paradigm in journal citation analysis.	5
How much do researchers understand about the current OA landscape to make an informed decision to choose OA instead of the traditional publishing venues?	1
International hyperlink connectivity was collected using Yahoo.com in May 2009 and November 2010.	2
Research funded by Ministry of Education and Science (EA2006-0071 and EA2006-0077).	0
In terms of the type of convergence, the dominant convergence in the Nano–Bio pair and the Nano–Cogno–Bio trio was related to materials (e.g.	5
Roughly, all academic publications, journal articles, proceedings and monographs are divided into 3 categories.	2
The skewed distribution requires nonparametric testing of the 4 distributions in Figure 1 (Kruskall-Wallis test).	3
Please cite this article as: Abrizah, A., et al., Citation Performance of Malaysian Scholarly Journals in the Web of Science, 2006-2010, Serials Review (2013), http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.serrev.2013.01.001	0
Among the 5 high-prestige journals, 4 exhibited non-decreasing trends of life expectancy or residual citation rates, while 1 exhibited the rise-and-fall pattern.	4
Three main steps are performed to compute the NFindex.	3
Drawing on the random forest framework, we proceed towards imputing the missing data in each of the target journal-ranking lists.	3
In this sense it is not suitable to compare the JIFs of a non-English journal with an English journal which are calculated by using citation data from an international database such as WoS.	5
Five alternate hypotheses were formulated to examine whether there is any difference between the impact of OA and non-OA journals.	3
It is a word reserved for persons like Bose and Saha, and is not to be applied to people like me who are just practising science as a profession.	0
Hence, an index called Relative Priority Index (PI) is computed for cross national comparison using formula	3
Our sampling process unfolds in several structured stages: we randomly selected 45 SKLs from the 185 listed by China's Ministry of Education and the Chinese Academy of Sciences.	2
At the same time, the number of journals covered by the SSCI and assigned to these categories more or less doubled: from 1672 in 1997 to 3485 in 2019.	4
Despite the above limitations, this paper is the first to investigate the influence on citation counts of article and author characteristics in transportation research.	5
The rating framework used in the current study proved to be a simple and straightforward method to assess these components and can provide a baseline against which interventions can be designed to improve referencing quality.	5
Since quality-related funding is strength based, this may offer a much cheaper alternative to the system currently in use in the UK and some other countries.	5
Geographical mapping of the number of publications was carried out using ArcMap 10.1.	3
Oxford University Press and American Institute of Biological Sciences are collaborating with JSTOR to digitize, preserve and extend access to BioScience.	0
Third, as an approach with a neoliberal feel, the publish or perish dictum elides social justice issues and undermines academic identities, and the dignity of the communities from which data are extracted are at jeopardy.	4
The findings may benefit subsequent studies conducted to solve the issue of inadequate and omitted citations through process improvements and technological interventions.	5
For example, we found records with such author locations as 'Buenos Aires, United Arab Emirates', 'Westbury-On-Trym, Bristol, United Arab Emirates' and 'Glasgow, United Arab Emirates'.	0
This study adopts a bibliometric approach to quantitatively assess current research trends in nanofiltration membrane technology (NFM), a new membrane separation technology widely used in various fields.	1
The purpose of this paper is to investigate whether potentially disadvantaged groups of researchers derive more research performance benefits from co-authorship network centrality (degree, closeness and betweenness).	1
(with Distinction) in Computer Science in 2010 from the Institute of Scientific Computing, University of Vienna, Austria.	0
JOURNAL OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 00(0):1–15, 2019	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Collectively these 73 projects had received AU$30.4 million in ACIAR funding (See Supplementary Table 1).	2
To measure the degree of international, interdisciplinary and intersectoral collaboration in the development of UWS, we used a general framework for analyzing system diversity proposed by Stirling (2007).	3
The study of groundwater involves many stakeholders and, hence, needs a broad multi-disciplinary approach.	5
Received 17 December 2019; Received in revised form 5 January 2020; Accepted 9 January 2020	0
For an easier distinction of the curves, symbols are displayed only at the ranks 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, and 512.	0
We suggest that the significance of parameters not directly related to the quality of a scholarly paper will become more critical with the rise of alternative ways of measuring impact including novel generation of paper metrics (e.g., Eigenfactor, SJR), social mentions, and viral outreach.	5
Specifically, the approach used is to count the papers in each direct citation cluster that belong to new threads (one or two years old) in the co-citation model for a given year.	3
“Physical Geography”, which was not identified in Approach 1, but showed a high number of publications and scored above the predetermined thresholds for all bibliometric indicators (see Table 3).	5
It states that the number of authors making n contributions is about of those making one contribution, where a nearly always equals two(Lotka, 1926), it has been confirmed by many other scholars' researches.	0
repeated improvement by iteration of the matrix multiplication), the IW is insensitive to surplus self-citations.	5
The data used in this research comes from two primary data sources, Wikipedia and the CIP classification schema.	2
Figure 2 shows the basic idea of conference closure analysis both at individual and community levels.	0
They do not indicate any significant gender bias in publication success or citations.	4
To analyse the age of articles, we divided them into six groups according to the year of publication: 1881-1999, 2000-2009, 2010-2014, 2015-2016, 2017- 2018 and 2019-2020.	3
Note: The horizontal axis represents the citation time window and the vertical axis represents the correlation coefficients between the citation counts in each time window of 1–10 years and those in the citation time window of 31 years for the 14 subjects.	0
The data set consists of 794 Computer Science conferences for which the H-index was available on Google Scholar in 2012.	2
Age (less interest with an increase in age), working in academia, and practicing in a lower-middle vs high-income country were significant predictors of research interest.	4
A total of 17 participants linked to European Union–funded data-sharing platforms were recruited for a semistructured interview.	2
Males and females on average are almost equally productive in the field of LIS.	4
In other words, it would make no sense to apply the version of K developed for nominal scales, as suggested by the authors of the letter, because VQR ratings are expressed on an ordinal scale.	3
The question of which type of computer science (CS) publication-conference or journal-is likely to result in more citations for a published paper is addressed.	1
This study focuses on academic libraries, which are units that at many universities have taken an active or leading role in helping researchers to avoid predatory publishers and identify quality venues for scholarly communication (e.g.	1
The results found that among these 4517 nodes, only 1985 nodes were found to not be 0, which means that the remaining 56% of the software were not associated with another software library.	4
learn if activity profiles differ, using regional university systems as the unit of analysis.	1
We collected the research papers published from 2016 to 2018 from the 73 accounting journals.	2
Data were then extracted from each file, transferred to Excel charts and visualised as diagrams.	3
We consider a heterogeneous population of n labs, each of which varies in its methodological rigour.	2
Three years ago, very few publishers provided usage statistics data for their published articles.	0
The Male/Female productivity ratio was 1.09 (mean) and 1 (median), around 2004, and 9 years later the figures were 1.17 (mean) and 1.31 (median).	4
Looking at this set of survey items collectively, the data indicate that OA publishing is a polarizing topic.	5
The productive authors using HIRD do not support the viewpoint of having higher IRAs as well in a specific discipline.	5
High-quality publications are significantly less inclined to present regular citation curves, including lognormal-type, exponential-type and polynomial-type curves.	4
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 233789 []	0
It was also shown that collaborating with universities can be a potential coping mechanism for companies that struggle to gain access to the journals they need.	4
The most important criteria to be a co-author is intellectual content, which includes writing, manipulating samples, writing programs, and analyzing data.	5
(b) What is the level of internationalization of Chinese Open Access journals, including the rate of international collaboration and the index of national orientation?	1
The study attempted to analyze the global research contributions, current status, and research hotspots on the COVID-19 vaccine, and focus on vaccine effectiveness to encourage further research and information dissemination.	1
Our paper looks into the role of rankings of academic journals in incentivizing the efficient dissemination of research output through publications.	5
On Figure 8, translated into English, the top ten trending topics in 2019 are: gender, sexuality, modernity, marriage, ethnography, swing, education, physical education, coronary arteries, and racism.	4
The significance of the number of authors diminished after accounting for other attributes.	4
In summary, Mendeley reader counts are recommended as early impact indicators for situations where citation counts are valued as impact indicators in the fields analysed, there are no stakeholders that may manipulate Mendeley reader counts or the stakeholders are not aware of the indicators in advance, and the task involves recently-published research (e.g., up to 2 years old).	5
In contrast, the h-index was markedly high for SA journals compared to OA journals (Tab.	4
China has demonstrated a substantial growth of 114.79 times from 1996 to 2022, followed by South Korea at 19.82 times (Table 4).	4
However, the Web is not a true library, and problems of the persistence of links have been reported in the literature, leading some researchers to question the usefulness of Web citations in scholarly literature (Germain, 2000) and popular literature such as printed Internet guides (Kitchens & Mosley, 2000).	0
The USA and China were the first two most active countries with a contribution of 51.7% of all searched documents.	4
For citing patent data, the 2016 spring edition of Patstat was used.	2
We believe that a meaningful entry into this hard case is through a methodology that considers the relationality of the STS/critical security studies researcher to her or his community of practice.	3
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/365598410	0
The first stage comprised a census of scientific associations in Portugal, since our aim was to obtain a comprehensive picture of this phenomenon and there was no organised or reliable registry.	2
Contrary to conventional wisdom, we find that high-impact authors not only have abundant experience working with other high-impact authors but also collaborate with authors who have a medium h-index, meaning that high-impact authors’ collaborators have more impact diversity, in terms of h-index, than others.	5
The results provide empirical support for a body of conceptual work done by philosophers and social science scholars over centuries.	5
This study found evidence that regarding potential QRPs, research scientists are more likely to request clarification from a coauthor than from an unaffiliated author.	5
This much gives substance and directions for the slogan that we should ‘fund people’, with or without projects.	5
Following the definition of Pierce (1999), we define boundary crossers as researchers who publish papers outside one's original field.	3
This data collection resulted in a final dataset with a total of 423 special issues from 24 different journals with 11,329 publications in total.	2
The results show that the impact of Latin American articles on management, which were published between 1990 and 2010 in JCR journals is positively associated to collaboration rs = .133, p = .001.	4
Data are for 1999 and are adapted from Table 1, page 953 of that paper.	0
Turkey’s publications received 11,220 citations with a cooperation coefficient (CC) of 0.587 that revealed a strong relationship between international collaboration with the USA, Germany, and Italy, and the number of citations, such that the articles with co-authors affiliated to foreign institutions were cited far more often than the articles with Turkish authorship.	4
In the first phase, journals were identified as being potential outlets for business ethics articles, and the relative standing of these journals was then determined.	3
The author(s) declared no potential conflicts of interest with respect to the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
Co-authorship analysis demonstrates the correlation between items based on the number of co-authored documents [33], which is a potent instrument for evaluating collaboration patterns and identifying leading scientists, countries, and organizations [34].	3
UNU-MERIT Working Papers intend to disseminate preliminary results of research carried out at UNU-MERIT to stimulate discussion on the issues raised.	0
Our aim is to assess whether or not his academic writing style has changed with age, experience, and cognitive decline.	1
in Industrial and Systems Engineering; he presently works with Schneider Logistics, Green Bay, WI, USA.	0
As a result, we were able to identify a privileged group of individuals who controlled a substantial majority of academic promotions beyond the PhD degree by virtue of being part of the Central Board.	4
The most frequently mentioning location is the expounding (ML5, percentage is 47%) part of the policy document.	4
However, Taylor & Francis, our agents, and our licensors make no representations or warranties whatsoever as to the accuracy, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the Content.	0
Our data shows that correlation coefficients are reliable, and significant correlation exists between citations and both altmetric indicators.	5
frugiperda status across the globe and in India”?	1
1.0) a core vocabulary as a list L={ri|i∈I} of sets ri of equivalent expressions called roots (Fig.	3
As the objective of this study, a new credit-assignment schema is proposed under the S/N model group, hereinafter referred to as ‘First and Others’ (F&O) counting.	1
In practice, two counting methods exist: full counting, where all of the participating units (i.e.	3
We used the SNA tool Pajek (de Nooy, Mrvar, & Batagelj, 2011) for analysis of the collaboration pattern.	3
In terms of policy, the paper offers specific and general suggestions for the design of excellence funding instruments.	5
The analysis, which employed principal factor extraction without rotation, disclosed that a single factor accounted for 87 percent of the variance in OSI_2.0's 18 items.	4
explaining the environmental, institutional, and behavioral factors that interact to reinforce and underpin corruption in research.	0
Thematic analysis of the e-mail invitations, and 2.	3
The study sample was identified by using the membership databases of the American Society of Craniofacial Surgeons (ASCFS) and the American Society of Maxillofacial Surgeons (ASMS), 2 multidisciplinary national societies that represent craniofacial surgery.	2
As indicated the data covers 74.000 articles and 195.000 author shares that have been judged to belong to Swedish universities or other Swedish organisations.	2
The questionnaire topics included demographics, authorship practice beliefs and experience, and authorship policy-related questions.	3
We excluded modeling studies, case studies, ecological studies and qualitative studies.	2
This PCA-based approach can provide a complex view on the research performance characterized by various metrics.	5
One-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) was performed using Rstudio software (version 3.2.2) at a 5% significant level [9].	3
The patent data are extracted from the weekly text and XML files of patent grant recordations hosted by Google.	2
Sources: European Commission Open Science Monitor calculations using Scopus database https://ec.europa.eu/info/open-science/open-science-monitor/trends-open-access-publications_en and author's calculations from Directory of Open Access Journals https://doaj.org/search	2
PHOTOS: (FROM TOP) AHNERT ET AL; STEVE GSCHMEISSNER/SCIENCE SOURCE; NASA/GSFC/JEFFERSON BECK	0
We describe how gender informs structural features and status differences in network relationships, focusing on men and women authors in 16 region-subject pairs.	1
En impacto despunta la comunidad C 2 Health Social Media con más del doble del impacto promedio.	4
Turnitin generated a similarity report containing the overall similarity index (OSI), expressed as the percentage of matching text, excluding quotations and references.	3
The remaining structures of the paper are organized as follows: Section 2 describes the research framework, data source and methods; Section 3 presents the analysis results; Section 4 discusses the results; Section 5 summarizes the main conclusions and then presents the limitation and the boundaries of this paper, as well as the future study.	0
Received November 26, 2004; revised June 5, 2005; accepted June 6, 2005	0
The following evaluations are intended to present the more precise details for before and after the transformation, as well as for the two different journal parts.	0
Specifically, they employ the following formula to compute the z-score value:	0
In the Q seashore walk model, instead of assuming an random strategy, we employed a classical and effective reinforcement learning algorithm, the Q-learning algorithm (Watkins, 1989; Watkins & Dayan, 1992), to quantify the decision-making policy adopted by a.	3
Mean lifetime h-index increased with academic rank (p < 0.0001), with no gender differences beyond the assistant professor rank (p = NS).	4
Shimamura) who collected the data analyzed in this article, as well as Christi Coxsey's assistance in entering and organizing some of the data.	0
Instead, it showed a systematic underestimation of publishing time for lower-impact journals.	5
We define a highly cited publication as a publication belonging to the 20% most frequently cited publications in S.	2
For (1), narrative CVs allow applicants to choose what counts as being ‘productive.’	4
We randomly chose 573 scientists who meet the following conditions: (1) the information of PhD degree is publicly available through online dissertation databases, (2) the PhD dissertation projects were in the field of life sciences according to the funding information, and (3) the scientists remain in academic careers as of 2018.	2
Moreover, the new indicator shows greater "sensitivity" when used to identify the highly-cited papers.	4
The process of defining the models started with a set of 12 indicators to characterize the scientific production of the applicants (Vieira, Cabral, & Gomes, 2013).	3
To ensure disjointness of the two literatures, the PD query negated any records containing CD.	2
Our primary source of data are two influential adjudicators of scholarly publishing integrity that have been critical to the emergence of the concept of the fake review: Retraction Watch and the Committee on Publication Ethics.	2
We recorded the category of citing article and the subject category of the citing journal.	3
Change has always been commonplace in academic libraries, but the changes experienced by academic librarians over the past decade remain unprecedented.	0
We also see that the CDM article falls well within this 20% group of highly cited articles.	4
The graphical determination of the reference heterodisciplinarity of the 22 ESI fields is demonstrated in the Appendix.	0
The purpose of this exploratory study is to examine and verify the affiliations of authors who report multiple affiliations, with at least one of them belonging to a Chilean higher education institution.	1
Lorenz curves of the top 25 countries that received most citations over four intervals.	0
Each journal was then categorized as well-established and indexed (hereafter referred to as “indexed”), non-indexed OA, or unassigned (i.e., journals that could not be identified as either indexed or non-indexed OA).	2
A systematic electronic search was conducted in four databases (PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials) to identify RCTs on dental implants published in six dental journals between 2016 and 2017.	2
The metadata of the papers were extracted from the custom database of the Kompetenznetzwerk Bibliometrie (see https://bibliometrie.info/).	2
We have shown that the rise of the h-index can be compared to a stock market bubble.	5
From 2013 to 2016, the total number of citations for all articles decreased from 11,027 to 7661, but cumulative Altmetric scores increased from 1078 to 4782.	4
Results demonstrate that both Fractional and Collab CNCI methods produce lower index values than Standard CNCI.	4
So, while the pandemic saw more countries contributing to the global discussion, certain regions and countries may have continued to shape this discussion.	5
While participants identified many strengths of the measures, they also identified a few limitations and offered corresponding strategies to address the barriers that we will apply at our organization.	5
We obtained data on all projects funded under the Open Application Program from the NSFC website, which only provides information on successful applications.	2
Among the journals featuring T100 articles, Annals of Oncology takes the lead with a total of 11 articles.	4
Trends in publication topics were analysed using simple linear regression to find the rate of change of publication volume on each topic.	3
We searched for genius work among articles of Nobel Prize laureates during the period of 1901–2012 on the Web of Science, finding 25 articles of genius work out of 21,438 papers including 10 (by van Raan's criteria) sleeping beauties and 15 nonsleeping-beauties.	2
For an explanation of the indicator symbols, see the text box below this table.	0
Eng. increased from 2.6 in 1989 to 4 in 2015, a rate of 0.056 authors per article per year (Figure 3).	4
Iran was ranked first in terms of hot papers.	4
Data from papers published in 2019 were used as a validation set for the cluster growth model described below.	2
We examine the incidence and extent of co-authorship in environmental and resource economics by investigating the leading journal of environmental and resource economics: the Journal of Environmental Economics and Management.	1
A data set comprising research articles from the mathematics domain has been utilized for this work.	2
We have shown that scientists are poor at estimating the merit of a scientific publication; their assessments are error prone and biased by the journal in which the paper is published.	5
A synthetic control is a weighted average of untreated units chosen to reproduce characteristics of the treated unit before the intervention.	3
Only one of the 142 surveyed institutions mentioned AI and APT usage and provided a policy on how these tools should be used.	4
For those unwilling to trust their intuition I demonstrate the same point with a simple example and then a simple model.	0
Keywords Neurology · Science · Gross domestic product · Scientific production	0
FIGURE 1 Number of journals launched each year from 1800 to mid-2021.	0
As analysis is dichotomous-by-dichotomous, the phi-coefficient (φ) was used.	3
Therefore, we use a negative binomial mixed effects model (NBMMS) for coefficient estimation.	3
The strategic diagram of 12 theme clusters of RecSys in China.	0
LDA is a type of Bayesian topic model commonly used in language processing (e.g.	3
The search strategy resulting from the above conditions can be formulated as BR := (UC1 V UC2) ∨ (CC1 ^ (CC2 ∨ CC3))	0
Cifuentes were the most prolific authors in GMF-related research.	4
A total of 582,227 PubMed records were found.	2
The scientists who have published at least one highly cited paper or at least one hot paper are characterized by their scientific degree.	2
Do the co-authors work in a collegial manner, or is their work a mentoring or directing type of arrangement?	0
Comparison of actual and predicted link weights (training network: 2005, test network: 2012).	0
The University of S?o Paulo in Brazil was the most productive institution.	4
The 500-word co-occurrence and full counting method were applied to the analysis.	3
The top 100 cited articles originated from institutions in 9 countries, with the USA contributing 67 articles.	4
For the same reason to prevent from mean skewing towards a few remote and highly cited works as in arithmetic mean, the average impact of books in different metric counts was calculated with the Geometric Mean of log-transformed citation (c) scores with ln(c+1) that helps to include books with zero citation by adding one to all records and then contracting it after log-transformation (Thelwall, 2017).	3
Excel, CiteSpace [66, 67], Bibexcel [68], and Ucinet [69] software programs were employed to analyze the patent data.	3
In the early days of the pandemic, researchers focused on the topics of coronavirus infections, infection control, global health, health policy and nursing policy.	5
The economic differences between cities were positively correlated with the frequency of biomedical R&D cooperation, which was completely consistent with the situation of Yangtze River Delta urban agglomeration.	5
Our objective is to define a qualitative indicator for the evaluation of scientific productions based on a set of quantitative measures (scientometric indicators) obtained from the literature.	1
In conclusion, the measurement model generated sufficient levels of reliability, convergent and discriminant validity suggesting that structural model was fit to be tested.	0
With these criteria, the final sample consisted of N = 23 accomplished African American scholars working as faculty in USNWR top-ranked schools of social work.	2
The main approaches are translation process research, cognitive translatology and cognitive translation studies.	0
Our findings suggest that a FAER grant applicant, funded or unfunded, is more likely to hold a PhD than is the average anesthesiology faculty member.	5
However, between 2013 and 2016, papers in open and closed access journals demonstrated the incentive effects of collective intelligence and references on citation and the moderating role of references on the correlation between collective intelligence and citation.	4
Individually, the same climate predominated at the schools for engineering and humanities, but the School of Medicine had the Self-interest ethical climate, which is associated with the individual level of analysis and the egoism ethical construct.	4
The Q1 (or high quality publications) which is the ratio of publications that the institution publishes in what the SCImago team takes as the most influential scholarly journals of the world; those ranked in the first quartile (25%) in their categories as ordered by SCImago Journal Rank.	3
The pressures of career are likely to be a large part of the explanation.	0
The next step was to embed the documents in a vector space by using a state-of-the-art pretrained language model, namely Sentence-BERT (Reimers and Gurevych, 2019).	3
In order to eliminate the influence of the database size to the rhythm indicator construction, theoretically, the p–c matrix should benormalized by the database size in each year so that C?? could be comparable between different years.	5
On this background, this study aimed at analyzing the scientific output in the field of AF research over time and for each country from 1945 to 2018 using scientometric tools, including heatmaps for visualization of precise geographical distributions.	1
These findings imply that culture and personal factors have an essential role in strict implementation of rules and creating awareness on the importance of preventing student's involvement in plagiarism.	5
Note: Journals classified as belonging to multiple disciplines are assigned fractionally to these disciplines.	0
National Institutes of Health; PDF, portable document format; PMC, PubMed Central	0
Taiwan had the highest total citation count (8,392), followed by Hong Kong (3,785) and Mainland China (1,493).	4
Using the self-reported demographic data from the Mechanical Turk survey, we ran a logistic regression to determine the extent to which demographic features correlated with cheating behavior (Table II).	3
We also perform network analysis to describe the dynamical interaction between the code developers and the users of the different packages.	3
Hacettepe University and the Scientific and Technological Research Council of Turkey (TüB?TAK).	0
We were able to find at least one publication for 227 out of 283 researchers (80%) in WoS.	4
The study was defined as a review if the article focused on summarizing and discussing basic and clinical findings related to dentistry.	0
non-OA), and study the association between OA and citation counts.	1
Field journals get less citations in comparison to general journals.	4
Using the social network's density, eigenvector centrality and other core indicators, we reveal the structural characteristics of China's education policy network, the mechanisms of policy citations, and transfer of political authority and validity.	3
The bibliographic software package Institute Scientific information's Web of Science (WOS) [30] was used to calculate H-index scores, since previous works demonstrated that other bibliographic databases as SCOPUS and Google Scholar [16] or PubMed [14] yielded not identical but highly correlated results.	3
This is in contrast to the ranking procedures used in some other disciplines.	0
The final dataset which has been used for RPYS contains metadata of 658,232 citing papers from 1980 to 2021 containing 27,331 cited references from 1900 to 2021.	2
Articles were exported from WoS as BibTeX files, with complete metadata, then imported into the R statistical environment (R Core Team, 2017) for further processing.	3
To identify the share of open access (OA) papers in the total number of journal publications authored by the members of the University of Zagreb School of Medicine (UZSM) in 2014.	1
AAS membership was also associated with increased rates of NIH funding and better productivity for equally funded surgical faculty compared with nonmembers.	4
The purpose of this qualitative study was to identify and contextualize editorial misconduct in the LIS academic information ecosystem, exploring its perceived impact on the authenticity and integrity of the LIS academic research, through the eyes of LIS researchers' personal experiences.	1
These were The Astronomical Journal, Astronomy and Astrophysics, The Astrophysical Journal (including Letters and Supplements), Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, New Astronomy (including Reviews), and Physical Reviews.	2
For Clustering 1 we used the subject categories as assigned in the WoS Core Collection.	3
To this end we included primary epidemiological studies and systematic reviews (SR), and meta-analyses (MA) published in the field of oncology in 2013	1
This limited study has shown that GS still has more average citations per article (157.28) than the other three, although MA is not that far behind (153.81).	5
The number of citations since 2009 was assessed using the Web of Science Core Collection (Thomson Reuters, NY).	2
Therefore, the current study concludes that the predictive power of author-related properties on citations of conference papers is rather weak.	5
Specifically, respondents rated their perception of the relative importance of the 21 competencies "to being an effective review panelist" using a five-point Likert scale (1 = Strongly disagree; 2 = Disagree; 3 = Neutral; 4 = Agree; 5 = Strongly agree).	3
For the keywords map, full counting method was used, meaning that each co-occurrence link carried the same weight.	3
At the end, to study the relationship between national holidays (i.e., Chinese New Year) and number of submissions of scientific articles in more detail, another partial case study was conducted on scientific papers with the ScienceDirect? query field from "Received 1 January 2008” to “Received 31 March 2008” and “China” name as Affiliation Country (91 queries).	3
We thank the American Physical Society for letting us use their citation database.	0
The findings revealed that the number of publications in the top 1% and the IRW impact indicator is important and distinguishing criteria in the research performance of countries.	5
A combination of two types of indicators should be used in future assessments of basic medical research.	5
Australian authors published in 41 of the 45 journals in our list.	4
This was intended to reveal gaps and overlaps, and to learn more about the funding sources for this research.	1
The study is based on the analysis of journals indexed by Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) and the fee structure levied by them as article processing charges (APCs).	3
While in APM&R's early years, >90% of authors were from the United States, this percentage went into a steep decline beginning in about 1997 and now is around 38%.	4
1, in light of the tendency toward increasing grant sizes, it was surprising to see that most of the responding scientists (73%) reported their ideal grant to be in the range of DKK 3–10 million (the equivalent of approximately USD 0.46–1.54 million), which is considered a small to medium-sized grant within Danish research funding schemes.	4
No significant difference for each of the five questions asked in the survey (n = 132 and p > 0.3 for each question).	4
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
Corpus 1 has 2599 Highlights sentences from 630 RAs published in 91 different journals.	2
In this work, we investigate the scientific practice in supposedly peripheral contexts, in which the scientific knowledge produced is belittled before that of other contexts.	5
SBERT (Reimers & Gurevych, 2019) is used to calculate the semantic similarity of project names between all HPs and each AP, and according to the similarity score, the HP data are sorted from the most similar to the least.	3
We found that department chairs of surgery achieved a boost in scientific publications, an advancement to the supervisory role in research, an increase in the bibliometric impact of their cumulative research contributions, and a raise in their acquired NIH grant funding average per year.	5
The results confirm Mendeley as the most prevalent social media source with similar characteristics to citations in their distribution across fields and their density in average values per publication.	4
The term trajectory, drawn from Elder's (1998) discussion of the life course as a developmental trajectory, may actually be more appropriate in this context than the term histories.	0
Several Boolean operators were used to connect name of the journal, year of publication and corresponding authors’ affiliation in Japan.	3
We examined the male-female collaboration practices of all internationally visible Polish uni-versity professors (N = 25,463) based on their Scopus-indexed publications from 2009-2018 (158,743 journal articles).	1
Using the proposed methodology, we analyzed the intra-institutional co-authorship network extracted from the institutional CRIS system of the Faculty of Sciences, University of Novi Sad (FS-UNS).	5
As of October 2013, the iCaucus had 52 members (iSchools – Apendix A).	2
806 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—March 2008 DOI: 10.1002/asi	0
Females predominantly hold first authorship, accounting for 67.82% of total publications.	4
We sincerely thank all the Malaysian-based researchers sampled for their precious time and valuable insights.	0
First, in the recent ten years, Chinese agricultural economics research has developed rapidly.	5
In this article, the network-based visualisation reveals the heterogeneous ways interdisciplinarity is pursued by researchers across STEM and non-STEM disciplines when seeking funding.	5
We used the Mathematica functions, Find Minimum and NMinimize, to calculate values of the parameters α, β, and p at which the sum of squared residuals is minimized.	3
The mean citation rate of OA papers arising from abstracts presented at BACA and AACA was 18.95 citations per paper, while the mean citation rate for non-OA papers was 15.14 citations per paper.	4
Next, Section 3 describes the data that were used in our analysis.	0
Based on the properties mentioned above, we employed the Gaussian kernel function and network influential entropy to recognize all collaborative teams.	3
The research calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient (Pearson 1966) among downloads, citation and multiplexing by three indicators in 4517 academic software library, as shown in Table 3.	3
The project began in the fall of 2003 and was completed in fall 2006.	0
We also ranked the 100 most cited articles in descending order by citation numbers.	3
The Sichuan University and its affiliated hospital contributed to 384 (7.0%) documents and ranked first in the field.	4
The retrieved documents were restricted in terms of publication stage (final publication stage only) and publication type (articles only).	2
Thus, even as the distribution pattern changes, the p- and g-indices are not sensitive to changes in consistency.	4
The result of community detection in the E-NWDC network is optimal, in which the semantic similarity of scholars within community is found to be the largest, and the semantic similarity among groups is lowest.	4
A co-authorship network was generated, identifying the collaboration links established between the most productive authors (>9 documents) and those with a greater degree of collaboration with other researchers (>9 documents) to analyse the positioning of the RIS researchers.	3
Spatially, the Global Moran's I and Local Moran's I (Queen adjacency) are employed to analyze the spatial relationships of ECE across B&R countries (Anselin, 1995; Ord, 1981).	3
The most important determinant of citation rate of the papers about chronic disturbances is the Journal CiteScore, followed by writing reviews papers.	4
Therefore, we propose a graphical article-level metric (gALM), which captures the impact and popularity of papers from scientific and social aspects.	1
Note: Vertical dashed lines represent years an article was included in a formal review.	0
To find out the identity and productivity of ecol-ogists in Chile, the Excel spreadsheets of Tables S-6 and S-7 by [8] were filtered.	3
of authors per article of Radiology was significantly greater than that of AJR (p<0.0001 for all study periods).	0
In conclusion, both theoretical and empirical results imply that it can be used to benchmark subject categories using an information theoretic approach.	5
American LIS researchers averaged 66 publications, with 8 citations per publication, 189 citations for their most cited publication, and an h-index of 10.	4
This study examines the research productivity, publication quality, and collaboration patterns of researchers from the top-ranked library and information science (LIS) schools in China and the United States using Web of Science (WoS) and Scopus data.	1
Thus the two-exponent law can be a balanced manifestation of the Matthew effect.	5
To address this limitation and better inform policymakers, the current study proposes a new approach drawing on Ph.D.	1
This study focused on the titles of open access journals published during the period 1993-2016.	1
In this paper, we take artificial intelligence (AI) as a case in which we study its hierarchical structural evolution, more precisely inspecting disciplinary development, by analyzing 65,887 Al-related research papers published during a 10-year period from 2009 to 2018.	1
In order to compare the difference between articles and editorial materials, we use the variable DIFF.	3
Bibliometric analysis of most-cited publications from Web of Science databases.	2
The challenges for an IR are not in technical implementation but in affecting the culture changes necessary for the IR to become an integral part of activities of the research institution.	5
The results show that capital elasticity is closer to the labor elasticity.	4
Fourth, China and the US were the closest partners in the current international scientific cooperation of COVID-19.	5
When predicting lifetime outputs based on SciVal metrics (2016-2019) and years since first publication, using robust regression, outputs over 4 years, B = 1.74, t(594) = 41.79, p < .001, 95% CI [1.65,1.81], citations over 4 years, B = 0.01, t(594) = 2.68, p = .008, 95% CI [0.00,0.02], and years since first output, B = 1.41, t (594) = 26.81, p < .001, 95% CI [1.31, 1.52], were unique positive predictors of lifetime outputs.	4
The questionnaire was distributed to 415 researchers at Minia University in Egypt and Shaqra University in Saudi Arabia.	2
Hence, elite scientists' citations (operationalized as citations from scientists with high h-indices) can serve as an early signal for identifying potential transformative research.	5
Figure 3 illustrates the process that we followed to build the Colil database.	0
While our list is certainly not a panacea, we introduce a ‘dose of objectivity’ into some of the issues picked up in the wider debates on journal rankings, such as vested interests, gamesmanship and politicking.	5
However, based on the co-citation criteria, the following four SBs were awoken without a prince or were awoken naturally.	4
In our work contexts consisted on average of 1.6 sentences around the point of reference.	0
It was the intention of this study to explore the following aspects:	0
The growing trend and the distribution of research area of multinational authorship papers in this study are consist with the previous empirical studies.	5
We found that five bibliographic factors have positive effects on citation.	4
Network of Scientific Journals from Latin America, the Caribbean, Spain and Portugal	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
*AV - AltaVista; Ex - Excite; Fa - Fast; Go - Google; HB - HotBot; NL-Northern Light	0
Conflict of interest Authors have no conflict of interest relevant to this article.	0
To predict a binary outcome—higher-ranked journals and normally ranked journals-from several continuous variables, a logistic regression model was adopted, which was expected to more predictably explain the values in this study.	3
To evaluate the association and the degree of concordance between the two description systems, based on the results of the LDA analysis, contingency tables were calculated for each of the grouping levels (g), with the number of documents classified in each system.	3
6.0 (38), the matrix was converted into a correlation matrix.	3
For each journal issue in 2016, the geometric mean number of Mendeley readers was calculated for all documents recorded in Scopus of type article (excluding reviews, editorials, etc.).	3
The results of this study may be used for academic staff employment planning in Turkish Universities.	5
Articles published in major journals reflect the research interest in a medical specialty.	5
Four clusters in Figure 6 were formed after being evaluated using the VOSviewer program.	3
Jointly published by Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest and Kluwer Academic Publishers, Dordrecht	0
The Kruskal-Wallis test showed that the only significant difference was observed in the collaboration degree with the Spanish institution of origin (x2 = 10.606, P <0.05; Table 1).	4
Oral Abstracts from the IDEAL Collaboration Conference 2016, 7 April 2016, Oxford, UK*	0
The countries with highest retraction rates are Iran, Tunisia, Pakistan, Bangladesh and India (Fig.	4
Weka software was used to apply the text categorization methods.	3
The weights are constructed using the Eigenfactor Article Influence percentiles scores.	3
The second row represents the first four years of the career (i.e., the predictive model).	0
The objective of this study is to assess the value of Goodreads as an altmetric data source.	1
We collected data in November 2017 through searches via the PubMed interface along with calculations in Excel.	2
In the RPYS of this study, the annual numbers of cited references in the Higgs boson literature were evaluated statistically by regression analysis.	3
What are the evolutionary trends in the application of text mining in management?	1
The aim of the present study is to empirically examine the time gap between pioneering work and Nobel recognition and discuss possible explanations for its variation across time and disciplines.	1
This trend is the result of an increase in PMC content from journals that are not indexed in MEDLINE and not a result of author manuscripts submitted to PMC in compliance with public access policies.	4
The current paper investigates, but does not fully evaluate, counting citations by section for science.	1
Our evidence suggests that the metric currently being used or considered for use has shortcomings for the evaluation of women's performance.	5
To test our hypotheses, we use data on selected Chinese university research teams at Tsinghua University, Peking University, Zhejiang University, Shanghai Jiaotong University, Xi’an Jiaotong University, Harbin Institute of Technology, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Central South University, Hunan University, Northeastern University, Wuhan University of Technology, and Jiangsu University of Science and Technology.	2
If you would like to write for this, or any other Emerald publication, then please use our Emerald for Authors service information about how to choose which publication to write for and submission guidelines are available for all.	0
Our study indicates that there is incipient evidence of social impact, both potential and real, in social media.	5
In contrast, our study shows that when it comes to AI research, papers involving collaborations between the U.S.	5
However, a minimum set of requirements is necessary to avoid manuscript submissions that lack structure.	5
We analyze how STS approaches to engagement are complicated by communities of practice where security is an active discourse and frame.	1
Our results also indicated that the burden of diseases played a significant role in both funding schemes.	5
In this section we examine the relationship between citation networks and the evolution of the knowledge space.	3
It can be seen that Saudi Arabia accounts for the highest percentage of ICP (66.7), followed by South Africa (47.11), France (46.27) and Australia (44.67).	4
Our next measure, Concreteness, replicates the methodology in Joshi et al. (forthcoming), which shows that across a variety of (nonacademic) contexts, women tend to use more concrete and less abstract language than men, as captured by the average Brysbaert concreteness index score of their vocabulary.	3
The present study analyses the research articles published in PLOS ONE in 2016 and 2017 (44,165 documents) and classifies them in collections based on the WoS JCR categories.	2
The results indicate that elite universities predominantly publish a substantial proportion of their papers in CSSCI indexed journals, especially in those considered prestigious.	4
The authorship structure in hospitality research demonstrates that multi-authored studies occur more often than solo-authored studies.	5
The purpose of Study 1 was to identify the contexts in which research scientists may differ in their level of scrutiny in the evaluation of others' research practices.	1
For the purposes of this paper, the author examines the number of submissions of scientific articles in the Elsevier's electronic platform ScienceDirect? (www.sciencedirect.com) as a whole.	2
The article finds that the relationship between multidisciplinarity and the performance of researchers is non-linear.	5
We used Web of Science to collect author affiliations and citation data.	2
We perform a double analysis, one article-level and one journal-level.	3
3a or the two-year citation rate in Fig.	4
First-movers and late-comers are distinguished based on the years between the first application to the final award of early career funding.	1
RQ2 - Intellectual Dimension: To what extent is the field of IS research, as measured by its collaborative academic discourse output, marked by lateral and hierarchical fragmentation?	1
To address the shortcomings of the h-index, several alternatives have been proposed [6].	0
Received: 27 July 2015 | Accepted: 27 November 2015 | Published online in Wiley Online Library: 17 February 2016	0
This is one reason that humanist literature is so difficult to predict.	0
This paper reports findings from a study that focused on the experiences of research-intensive academics in relation to the Excellence in Research for Australia (ERA) Framework.	1
From equation 16, it follows that the logarithm of the maximum possible growth rate is L(f°pt) = 0.1306282.	4
An additional session was organised in September 2020, as it was deemed necessary by the group members to specifically address the topic of sharing confidential information.	2
The approval decision is usually made within one to three days upon receiving the open access application, which is not a variable of relevance and is much shorter compared to the length of the reimbursement period.	0
According to Durieux and Gevenois (2010), there are mainly three types of bibliometric indicators: (1) quantity indicators, which measure productivity in relation to the number of publications; (2) quality indicators, which measure the impact of a publication in relation to the number of citations; and (3) structural indicators, which measure the connections between publications.	3
The general quota of change for the keywords increases from one period to the following.	4
This study identified 42 mega-journals among the 930 journals used for the publication of the documents retrieved from 2012 to 2016.	4
Results indicated that although there was some stability in school rankings across the different metrics, there also were differences in rankings depending on the type of analysis.	4
A striking example, in the case of France, is that of Mathematics: no French HCR was listed in the Mathematics category in recent years, even though several French universities appear at the world Top10 in this field in the subject rankings and very regularly, researchers from its laboratories are winners of the prestigious Fields Medal (7 out of the 22 winners from 2002 to 2022 belonged to French institutions).	5
This article includes bibliometric maps of bibliographic coupling between countries to link documents with a similar research focus, thereby measuring the shared intellectual background among countries.	3
Further information on the project and the survey mentioned above can be found on https://metrics-project.net/.	0
To map research trends, metrics for technology terminology use, network complexity, and knowledge updating rates were used.	1
We find differences demonstrating the impact of good RDM and data policies on good scientific practice.	4
Using Beall's lists, we identified two groups of individuals who had published empirical articles in biomedical journals that were presumed to be predatory.	2
To this purpose, we consider the following research questions: 1.	1
To mitigate the problems associated with common method bias, we complemented the evidence collected from the questionnaires with information extracted from the Scopus database in the period 2000–2016.	2
In the 2007 networks, 186 scientists submitted grants and 224 published papers.	4
For faculty members with a bibliometric record (i.e., at least one publication), 20% provide approximately 60% of the publications.	4
Following MARS evaluation, the variables significantly associated with an increased citation count over the 10 years, with their ranked variable of importance score were calculated and were as follows; the number of years since publication (100, p = <.001), the number of authors on an article (62, p = <.001), publication in FAI (38, p = <.001), and if the article was a review (28, p = <.001), R2 = 25.4%.	4
Therefore, the aim of the current study was to analyze research activity in the nursing and midwifery field in Arab countries.	1
Research productivity was positively correlated with population, gross domestic product (GDP), health expenditure, number of healthcare establishments, neurologists, and research personnel.	4
This kind of preliminary exploratory factor analysis (EFA) is not typically done in PLS or CBSEM.	3
Section 3 describes the arbitrarily sampled data and metrics, as well as the instrument of statistical analysis used to investigate the correlation between the new indicator and TCj.	0
TWC contributed to the study's design and provided critical reviews of the manuscript, and TWC contributed to the interpretation of the results.	0
We retrieve the core collection of WoS during 1945–2013 by using a few key topical terms, as shown in Eq.	2
Comparisons were conducted between Altmetric score, citations, and IF by performing Pearson correlation coefficients and descriptive statistics.	3
This is an indication that the papers presented in oral sessions can be regarded as making a greater contribution and having a more significant impact than the papers presented in poster sessions.	5
The short communication then explores approaches that might mitigate against these effects, suggesting 'starting thought from women's lives' (Harding S. 1991.	1
To further refine the results, Australian and New Zealand Standard Research Classification (ANZSRC 2020) “Fields of Research” categories were included as part of the metadata for each record (Australian Bureau of Statistics, 2020).	3
We present a list of indicators that could be collected by all data sharing platforms for clinical cohort studies (e.g., disease focused patient cohorts, disease agnostic population cohorts...) in Table 1.	3
As with most things in life, the answer seems to lie in pragmatism.	5
In this study, we retrieved 907 documents and analyzed, through H-Classics methodology, 50 HCPs identified in the Web of Science (WoS) during the period 2010–2019.	3
It does so in reference to the experience of creating a national journal ranking in Poland in 2019.	1
In this paper, we consider data from the research assessments of all the research groups belonging to four departments of the University of Antwerp, Belgium.	2
The main areas of focus in health law research were food safety, health administrative departments, the general principles of civil law, medical disputes, medical behavior, organ transplantation, tort law, legal science, mental patients, and compulsory medical services.	5
The 571,890 articles from 3,046 journals were grouped and sorted by journal title in a folder labeled with an abbreviated title.	2
Our prime concern is to perform bibliometric study on "fuzzy techniques in big data", thus the keywords used in the search query is as: TOPIC: ("big data") AND TOPIC: (fuzzy) Timespan: 2000-2019.	2
Figure 3 is reproduced from Gl?nzel and Thijs (2012b) with permission of the publisher.	0
The DrugBank dataset was downloaded on 1 November 2019 in XML format.	2
What are the differences in scientific creativity patterns across genders?	1
There were 3701 articles pertinent to river assessment and simulation published by SCIE and SSCI databases from 2000 to 2014.	2
A limitation of the study is that it only covered two countries (albeit countries that are very different from one another), so whether our conclusion can be generalized to other countries is not entirely clear.	0
It should further be noted that any types of transformations imposed on the training data should also be part of the cross-validation.	0
For the content analysis of citations, the first author inductively [after considering the existing citation motivation classifications (Tohidinasab and Jamali 2013)] analysed 50 citing articles and developed a scheme for the content analysis (See Table 1).	3
This was a bibliometric study using Web of Science, a comprehensive research platform that provides access to a vast array of scholarly publications and facilitates citation analysis for academic and scientific purposes.	2
We identified 73 079 highly cited studies from the ESI database in 18 periods every 2 months between January 2020 and December 2022.	2
This objective of this paper is achieved through a sample survey (2,738 academics responded) conducted by Italian researchers from the PIR research project.	1
This finding indicates that national degree centrality (including indegree centrality and outdegree centrality) in ISM networks has a positive and close linkage with degree centrality in ISC networks.	4
The rankings of scientists based upon highly cited papers reduce the inherent advantage of old scientists and of scientists working in more-popular disciplines, which is the case with total number of publications, total number of citations and with the Hirsch-index.	5
Subsequently, the other author conducted a focused 'second cycle coding' (Salda?a 2015) in order to empirically substantiate and further unpack our findings relative to our 'affordances' framework.	3
The results suggest that 80% of academic leaders’ productivity and citation have fallen by 42 and 62% averagely.	4
Considering only those articles including the information about the specific author (excluding articles written by ?Anonymous“) and those articles where the affiliation of the author is mentioned (excluding freelancers), a final set of 334 SAAs written by 313 unique authors was compiled (202 SAAs published in Nature and 132 SAAs published in Science).	2
In addition to existing indicators and approaches, we recommend that the design of future journal assessment systems include more attempts to satisfy industry needs.	5
The citations-per-year value was calculated for all articles.	3
In the present study, we wish to revisit the question of monographs based on OAETs, to inform the advice provided to students, starting from the premise that it is unlikely that the content of a monograph will substantially mirror the doctoral thesis from which it is derived.	1
On July 10, 2014, scholarly journals from each of the following groups were identified - potential predatory journals (source: Beall's List), presumed legitimate, fully open access journals (source: PubMed Central), and presumed legitimate subscription-based (including hybrid) journals (source: Abridged Index Medicus).	2
This seems to be more important than attracting experienced researchers to help with new teams.	5
In comparisons with the clusters of theses produced it is obvious that earlier bibliometric studies have tended to downplay the importance of library and practice-oriented research.	5
For the journal's names, three topics identified were medical study, public health also business and education.	4
The data were gathered from the Web of Science Core CollectionTM using these indexes: Science Citation Index Expanded (1900 to present), Social Sciences Citation Index (1956 to present), Arts & Humanities Citation Index (1975 to present), Conference Proceedings Citation Index- Science (1990 to present), Conference Proceedings Citation Index-Social Science & Humanities (1990 to present), Book Citation Index-Science (2005 to present), Book Citation Index-Social Sciences & Humanities (2005 to present) and Emerging Sources Citation Index (2015 to present).	2
A total of 2867 scientific articles were analyzed for this study.	2
The 14 scientometrics and informetrics scientists (Table 1, Case 1) were selected based on their prolific publication records in relevant journals and ISSI conference proceedings, all indexed in the Web of Science, for the period from 2010 to 2019.	2
To compute solutions of the canonical system in cases where a closed form solution could not be found we applied a Runge-Kutta algorithm (see, e.g., Ascher and Petzold 1998).	3
Physician-scientists are essential to advance the mission of National Academies of Science (NAS) and National Institutes of Health (NIH) through discovery and bench to bedside translation.	1
Do papers with an institutional e-mail address receive more citations than those with a non-institutional one?	1
The first consecutive 110 of 1610 manuscripts (6.8%) submitted to the AJR in 2014 in the categories of Original Research and Review articles were analyzed using CrossCheck, together with detailed manual review.	2
The top five journals are the Nature Climate Change (15.9% of the studied paper), Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics (12.1%), Journal of Climate (7.0%), Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society (6.7%), and Journal of Geophysical Research Atmospheres (4.6%), each published more than 76 papers.	4
In this section, we report some findings based on the publication metadata and related events on the WOR publication platform, and consider all 192 publications (all versions included) which have been submitted between October 17, 2016, and November 17, 2017.	2
Citespace was selected as an analysis software here.	3
Such an evaluation reveals that a remarkable change in German nuclear power policy has taken place for which ‘Fukushima effects on German nuclear power policy' could be selected as topic description of overriding importance.	4
The motivational sources of internal self-concept motivation and instrumental motivation were found to be the strongest and weakest respectively for research scientists.	4
These documents cited 7048 unique documents, and 246 documents were co-cited three or more times with at least one other document (≥3 network), 71 documents were co-cited five or more times (≥5 network), 35 documents were co-cited seven or more times (≥7 network), and 19 documents were co-cited nine or more times (≥9 network).	2
Destaca-se a UNICAMP com 240 registros sendo a quarta institui??o do mundo em número de artigos publicados na área, seguida da USP em décimo terceiro lugar com 145 registros.	4
This paper uses the Web of Science (WoS) to collect relevant literature on earthquake prediction.	2
1: SICRIS home page with the current numbers of research entities	0
Thus, citation density may be a more significant measurement of the effect of an article on its field.	5
As all of the available databases present their disadvantages, our lab decided to replicate the data retrieved from Retraction Watch by building a database on SQL Server 2016, which uses homemade Al tools for cleaning the database.	3
In the case of HES, one also encounters a king and a queen effect, in several cases.	4
Research on alcohol is a consolidated field, with an average of 4,820 documents published each year between 2005 and 2009 in MEDLINE and Scopus.	5
Department of Chemistry, City College of New York/CUNY, 160 Convent Avenue, New York, NY 10031, USA	0
The topic of patient recruitment seems to be a critical issue, which emerged from this survey, even though it is not its focus.	5
Our analysis of the Computer Science literature reveals the persistent patterns of inequality in gender and academic authorship.	5
A cookie is a unique identifier which WWW providers (in this case ADS) assign to each user and store on the user’s computer using the browser.	0
Hence, considering both methods, the total number of researchers attached with a Scopus author ID was 1.406 (Table 1).	2
In summary, the methodological quality levels of SRs and MAs of psoriasis appear to be suboptimal.	5
The AACP 2018 funding rank list was used to select the top 50 NIH-funded COP for which faculty rosters would be collected.	2
The aim of this paper is to provide evidence on fraudulent and questionable research practices in economics.	1
2012 John Wiley & Sons Ltd and The University of Manchester	0
However, at this critical juncture in its development, the LAS literature lacks both a systematic review of its impact and an organized call for future research.	1
Science mappings based on indicators such as the most commonly used keywords, citation and co-citation, and collaboration are also developed for further analysis.	1
To facilitate a comprehensive cross-disciplinary analysis, this study integrates the CWTS publication-level classification system (Waltman & van Eck, 2012) to assign disciplinary information to the sampled papers.	3
In the random sample method, Q and S are calculated for random sets of nodes (each with the same size as the core set); in the noisy community detection method, these statistics are calculated for binary partitions (that is, partitions with exactly two communities) identified using a modularity-maximization method.	3
which papers should be selected to assess a research group’s scientific productivity?	1
“Summary and conclusion" presents a summary of the work and the major inferences obtained.	0
This study maps the linkage of nanotechnologies and their clusters, identifies emerging and mature technologies and links to their application fields, and examines the profiles of the regional nanotechnology competencies.	1
All other variables being controlled for, female personas were 97.8% more likely to be selected than male personas (OR=1.978, P<0.001).	4
In the second stage, following the arguments of Sen and Gan (1983), Gl?nzel and Czerwon (1995), and Jarneving (2007a), concerning the importance for normalizing for the length of reference lists, the Normalized Coupling Strength (NCS) is calculated for each theses pair.	3
Hence, the effort made to publish proceedings papers seems to reflect an optimization strategy in the light of the PRFS.	5
Therefore, we also compute representative diversity indices, such as richness and Gini-Simson index (see the “Method" section), which are often used for measurement of biodiversity, to demonstrate the feasibility of their application to the measurement of scientodiversity.	3
[a] Early discussions of misconduct, for example those by Sigma Xi3 and the National Academy of Sciences4 often cited Babbage's brief writing on scientific integrity.	0
The analysis also finds that doctoral pedigree is negatively associated with the total number of articles published post-hire but positively associated with publishing in top sociology journals.	4
In total, 13,716 SJR journals were classified using this new cluster-based scheme.	4
Relating continuity trend and popularity trend, it is found that topics with rising popularity tend to be concentrating ones and topics with declining popularity tend to be diluting ones.	4
The Journal of Marketing, the Journal of Consumer Research and the Journal of Marketing Research are the most cited journals in EJM.	4
In this context it would be very interesting to apply the generalized hierarchical version of Infomap described in Rosvall and Bergstrom (2011) to see whether it offers a plausible, intermediate result, more detailed than the partition we received with our iterative approach, but less dispersed than the partition we received from the one time application of Infomap that we started with.	0
'Differential item function' is an IRT technique used to assesses whether indicators of a latent variable display the same measurement properties across distinct subpopulations.	3
The “ID Keywords Plus” was applied for analyzing the research topics of highly cited papers.	3
This study used a dataset provided by the company in December 2019.	2
Across most SDGs, FWCI stands out as the primary factor influencing policy citations, with its effect being on average 5.3 times greater than that of mentions, 3.65 times more significant than CiteScore, and 2.7 times higher than the author h-index.	4
In this case, of course, X* is equal to the mean value of the distribution.	0
The subsequent sections of this article have been arranged as follows:	0
In the four cases where the manuscript was rejected with three positive (+) ratings, the authors retracted the manuscript.	0
A moderate correlation (Pearson correlation = -0.43) was found between impact factor and overall acceptance rate, a phenomenon that has been documented previously [4].	4
By analysing the distribution of the Highlights categories between these two domains, we uncover the domain characteristics of LIS and CS.	5
The standardized average rate of author participation per emerging keyword (EK) in the pre- and post-five year periods (SARpre and SARpost) in year t is calculated as follows:	3
In total, the 143 HCPs originated from 33 countries.	4
What can we learn about the field of public policy by examining the citation networks of its leading journals?	1
To determine the sample size, we used the method described by Herrera et al.	3
However, perceived pressure is found to be positively related to the admission of being involved in several unaccepted research practices.	4
The United States and United Kingdom contributed the greatest number of preprints by ECRs, whereas non-Western countries contributed relatively fewer preprints.	4
We provide a first attempt to overcome current limitations of existing rankings by using an original and comprehensive database on European universities microdata integrated with bibliometric data on the scientific production, and by applying recently developed techniques in efficiency analysis.	5
Cognitive, individual, and social factors have been examined frequently in studies of the history and sociology of science.	0
The Journal of Clinical Nursing was the most popular journal in the three regions.	4
Findings revealed that SEA countries have only produced almost 2 % of all published articles in language and linguistics and around 1 % share in overall worldwide field citations.	4
Results are based on a series of 31 interviews, with senior individuals involved in publishing and editorial operations at 16 major publishers, 10 of which operate megajournals.	2
The reorganization of the university encouraged the “old” staff towards stronger international collaboration (share of ICP increased from 7.6% in 2008–2011 to 14.6% in 2012-2015 while absolute number went from 21 in 2008–2011 to 54 in 2012–2015);	4
As aforementioned, CiteSpace and VOSviewer are utilized to present a bibliometric overview of BJRBE.	3
First, the share of publications by quartiles and related to this, the average number of articles published by quartiles journals.	3
Our findings show that no matter whether countries employ qualitative peer review or quantitative metrics-based assessment, they still use experts' knowledge to evaluate book outputs and make the final decision on the quality of book outputs.	4
The analysis focuses on the last 25 years (1990–2014).	2
Our analysis reveals that there is an increase in the number of both authors and publications over time, and that authors tend to work in increasingly larger groups rather than working individually, which is consistent with what is assumed about the nature of research in this field.	4
All the data in this study were analysed by Excel 2010 software.	0
For the 782 CSSCI-indexed journals, we harvested their bibliometric data from the database of China National Knowledge Infrastructure (https://www.cnki.net/, CNKI) between September 28, 2020 and October 8, 2020.	2
MosIUR assigns 6% of its total university score on prizes, using the IREG List of 99 International Academic Awards, which is based on the the study by Zheng and Liu (2015).	2
The results further suggest that the research methodology can be applied to other sources.	5
While an average of 22 male colleagues attend a male speaker's lecture, significantly less men (an average of 18 male) attend the lectures of women (Mann-Whitney U test: p = 0.009).	4
To test the possibility that effort to secure critiques of one's research diminishes after the receipt of tenure, publications data are collected on full professors who are referred to in Brogaard et al.	2
The influence of the journal impact factor (JIF) on the FAP process was quantified by comparing its relative weight between papers with two extreme JIFs.	3
We conducted confirmatory factor analysis to assess the adequacy of the measurement component of the proposed model and to evaluate the model relative to alternative models (21).	3
In other words, it is unclear whether the trends observed in international databases differ from those found in national Chinese databases.	0
The most important finding of our study is that 3 times as many journals in our sample (65%) had a retraction policy compared to an earlier study in a similar group of journals (21%) [12].	5
There were 205 respondents whose characteristics are summarized in Tables 1 and 2.	2
One of the objectives of this work was to assess the chosen publications and consider their impact.	1
GOBI publication data was used to decide what types of CJK monographs to review in this study with the idea that scholars are more likely to read books that are relevant to their fields of study.	2
For publications of second and third degree the effects are no longer significant and point estimates indicate a null effect.	4
The nonparametric test shows that there is a small significant difference in journals, and there is no significant difference in WoS categories.	4
A rigorous analysis of our data sets indicates that any work in a career has an equal chance to be the highest impact work, following the so-called random-impact-rule, consistently with what was previously found for large data sets of artists and scientists [9, 10] (SI Section S2.1 for a replication of this analysis).	4
This study further explored the mechanism of the peer effect of the young returnee scientists.	1
The outcome of this debate allowed for the construction of the census around an organizational definition of HEIs, which did not yet exist in official statistics, thus transferring some insights of higher education studies into it.	4
We acknowledge the support of the European Research Council ERC (the GendERC project, grant 610706) and the Bank of Sweden Tercentenary Foundation (the Searching for excellence and funding effects project, grant P12-1302:1).	0
Regarding self-citation, the study reveals that males overall self-cite themselves more than females, which is in tune with the findings of King et al.	5
Received November 17, 2020; Revised December 10, 2020; Accepted December 11, 2020.	0
A bibliographic search in the Medline database containing the MeSH terms "psoriasis” or "psoriatic arthritis" was carried out.	2
In fact, the significant interaction between author type and reviewer type suggests that GPTZero was even better than human reviewers in discerning authorship (see Figure 1A).	4
In contrast, the main UoAs whose performance would have generated relatively less QR income with the higher weight on a wider impact agenda would be biological sciences, mathematical sciences and physics, where the total funding received by these UoAs would have declined by roughly ￡788k, ￡543k and ￡454k, respectively.	4
The aim of this paper is to determine the extent to which readers perceive correctly the reasons why authors cite items in scholarly texts.	1
Section 2 of this paper provides a discussion of the underlying reasons for increasing coauthorship and provides intuitive reasoning as to why coauthorship should increase article production.	0
In addition to genetic predisposition, exposure to household allergens such as house dust mites plays an essential role in triggering allergic diseases.	0
The expansion of open access entails a responsibility for supporting this public access with a guide to why, in an 'Age of Misinformation', research may be trustworthy.	1
An average of 4.73 ± 1.51 (median=5) authors per paper was observed.	4
the probability than the number of cites will exceed the VaR,%.	3
Pearson correlations were used rather than Spearman correlations because the data were not highly skewed.	3
We initially identified all research articles published in six popular general ophthalmology journals (Ophthalmology, JAMA Ophthalmology, Investigative Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences, American Journal of Ophthalmology, British Journal of Ophthalmology, and Graefe's Archive for Clinical and Experimental Ophthalmology) between 2001 and 2011.	2
A co-word analysis is a bibliographic analytical instrument dedicated to the study of written communication (Jovanovi? 2012).	3
The results suggest practical ways to inform selection decisions.	5
US scientists praised Russian ingenuity in developing new technical solutions and engineering for gathering and analyzing data.	4
This study is one of the first that uses the recently introduced open access (OA) labels in the Web of Science (WoS) metadata to investigate whether OA articles published in Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) listed journals experience a citation advantage in comparison to subscription journal articles, specifically those of which no self-archived versions are available.	1
The similarity matrix is imported into SPSS for factor analysis.	3
Secondly, we describe the economic situations of collaborative countries in each individual international collaboration paper, and count the number of countries of different economic levels in each individual international collaboration paper, based on the list of high income countries, middle income countries (including lower middle and upper middle income countries) and low income countries retrieved from World Bank database.	2
Before starting with detailed UoA-level analysis, we first use a pooled regression model concerning the full data set to examine the potential differences between the UoAs and HEIs.	3
In addition, it presents evidence that altmetrics are an effective complement to citation in disciplines with low citation rates.	5
Only 1/8 databases (and 1/9 database records) consistently resolved the retraction notice to its full-text correctly in our tests.	4
In what follows, we develop a theoretical framework to introduce bias and set out to explain how biases affect the pre-study probability that a journal is truly predatory, the likelihood of a true and false positive, as well as the false discovery rate (FDR).	1
For each new Vanderbilt or Meharry publication that StarBRITE detects, we pull the list of authors and cross-reference the names on that list with our known pool of VICTR-supported researchers.	3
Specifically, following (Plotnikova & Rake, 2014) we collect publications in categories related to pharmaceutical study during 2010–2018.	2
As discussed in Gelman and Tuerlinckx (2000), I would be more concerned with Type S errors (getting the sign of the effect wrong) or Type M errors (when the magnitude of an effect is poorly estimated).	4
Results were extracted, analyzed and appropriate statistics were applied.	3
Details of each CCE publication from 1977 to 2018 are accessed from the Web of Science (WoS) core collection database.	2
In bibliographic literature, this is known as “quotation accuracy,” and the mistakes found are called “quotation errors.”	1
In column (3), gender also has a significantly negative relationship with impact with less coefficient (β = ?	4
As was to be expected, the impact factor results as a parameter of little use as a metric for evaluation in the humanistic areas.	4
Overall, the results support those of previous studies.	5
Consequently, 150 RCTs were selected for data extraction and statistical analysis (Figure 1).	2
Comparison of the h-index sequence, EM-index sequence and EM'-index sequence of all scholars.	0
The procedure is as follows: i) we identify the scientific production of the scientist over a period of time; ii) we associate the publications indexed in the Web of Science (WoS) with the subject categories (SCs) of the hosting journal; iii) we identify the SC (prevalent field) with the largest number of the scientist's publications.	3
Phase three involved categorizing the members of the social network using a content analysis [49] of the account biographies as a narrative representation of their self-identity with paleontology [13].	3
We model the probability of choosing one of the three alternatives using a multinomial regression model for categorical values, with robust standard errors clustered at the level of hosting institution of the researcher.	3
One thing that is impressive, though, is the growth in numbers of total references per month, which were 129, 264, 1889, 4613, and 6909 for the five decade years, respectively.	0
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
The dependent variable, bilateral flow of knowledge, is proxied by aggregate citation count per year between pairs of countries.	2
The article will conclude by arguing that drawing upon qualitative approaches, particularly a complimentary reframing of the unit of analysis with a focus on particular users as case studies, can ameliorate these issues and strengthen the insight of multi-platform social media studies.	1
The clustering results provide a good distinction between countries and regions in terms of the volume of national publications.	4
The results of the present study clearly indicate that publications by Chinese researchers in international periodicals related to public, environmental and occupational health fields experienced a remarkable increase during the study period.	5
Second, TAs and relationships among TAs involved in the innovative activity in the field of bioplastics were visualized by means of network analysis.	3
In Figures 1 and 2, the impact scores of articles and letters in the Lancet and JAMA are presented.	0
A database comprising the name, year of foundation, discipline, type and mission of 366 associations was thus compiled and made available online (www.socsci.ics.ul.pt).	2
A back-of-the-envelope calculation suggests the knowledge production (from IMO participants) could be 10 percent higher in terms of publications and 17 percent higher in terms of citations.	5
The findings revealed that the publication sharing metric had the highest correlation (0.918) with the RG score and had the greatest impact on it (p-value <0.001), while the question asking metric showed the lowest correlation (0.11).	4
It is clear from the figure that the highest co-citation link of TASM is with the Research Policy.	4
In some specialties, such as astronomy and astrophysics and nuclear and particle physics, the vast majority of papers published in WoS-indexed journals are found on arXiv.	5
In order to study the substantive focus of publications, we used VOSviewer, a software tool developed by Van Eck and Waltman (2010).	3
Figure 4: Obtained m Values as a Function of Node Degree	0
To address this gap, we examine how scientific research can be affectively governed by research institutions.	1
Network metrics like degree centrality (prolific collaborators), betweenness centrality (influential intermediaries), and clustering coefficient (cohesive research groups) reveal key figures and research clusters.	3
For this reason, a co-word analysis can be a fundamental tool for understanding the characteristics of their production and their impact on the scientific community.	3
The m-quotient is the h-index divided by the number of years since the author's first publication [8].	3
Although medicine has contributed the greatest volume of articles to the corpus of work, physiotherapy and nursing have contributed by percentage the most research versus opinion-based content.	5
The study methods were very similar to those used by Voleti et al.8	0
In general, 508 authors were found to have participated in research about troponin; they were associated with 256 institutions, and their work was published in 65 different journals from around the world.	4
Pain was initially assessed in 90.0% of patients.	4
In this article, we look closely at all Indian institutions which appear on the list in the remaining 15 areas to see how they perform relative to each other in each area and also how the aggregate performance in one area compares with another.	1
However, the reader will have no difficulty in verifying that similarity is not in general transitive (X~Y≠Y~X).	0
The GPNG model is a case study example of how a senior journal can initiate, but most importantly delegate and empower, the promotion of ECR work to an ECR editorial team independently of the traditional framework of parent/junior journals.	5
The numbers printed beside discipline names are identification numbers of scientific fields listed in Table 1.	0
As we saw above, Richards tended to author or co-author more papers as he got involved in more collaborative work.	4
we quantify the interest change J of a scientist throughout the career as: J=1 - gi·gf / ||gi|| ||gf||	3
This crawler harvested the discipline, organization and reviewed journals of each profiles as well as his/her peer-review indicators in Publons.	2
Studying the nature of research progress in interrelated research domains is important for evaluating the research productivity and to understand the current trends of the area of research.	1
Twenty-eight respondents (63%) reported that they knew about the JIF, but their definitions suggest that they did not have a clear understanding of how the JIF is calculated or why only some journals receive a JIF.	4
As shown in the top left of Fig.	2
In this time frame, 960 works were published in DB (Web of Science, accessed August 19, 2011).	2
The researchers investigate quality and credibility attributes of forty-eight peer-reviewed library science journals with open access components using two evaluative tools developed and published by librarians.	1
The final refined funding dataset contained 47,789 distinct Canadian researchers who received funding from NSERC during the aforementioned period.	2
Rankings and quantitative indicators became gradually more decisive for the rise and fall of individual universities from political grace in China, as is reflected in various (elite) funding programs.	4
In this cross-sectional analysis of full-length original research articles published in specific high-impact general medicine journals, we demonstrated that AAS poorly correlated with the number of citations in the subsequent 3 years.	5
This article is based on the WoS CC database, investigating and analyzing the index time and possible influencing factors of early access records, and exploring the following specific issues:	1
Men accounted for 78% of all the Chinese respondents (64% in the case of international study), and their average age was 33 years (45 for the international study).	2
We applied three citation indicators to each article: the number of citations from the Web of Science Core Collection in the most recent year, C2019, or the number of citations in 2019; the total citations (TC) from the Web of Science Core Collection from publication year to the end of 2019 were recorded as TC2019; and we also calculated citations per publication (CPP2019 = TC2019/TP where TP is Total of Publications).	3
Factor analysis was also performed on the raw co-occurrence matrix for the six time periods.	4
However, they are not significantly higher in their citations, unlike their male counterparts.	5
These observations are then sorted by the magnitude of the observed values.	3
In our framework, citing, like any social practice, is configured as an organised entity of activities.	0
The scenario sketched here is not a case of an equal contribution being undervalued due to the contributor's low status; rather, the speaker is asking whether the contribution is in fact equal.	0
One more evidence to why funding is important is that conversion rate of funded papers is higher than conversion rate overall, and conversion rate overall is higher than conversion rate of non-funded papers.	4
A de-identified version of the referee-level dataset used in this paper can be found at the JEP website, with the paper.	0
The accuracy of the Content should not be relied upon and should be independently verified with primary sources of information.	0
Sixteen of these were funded in the first round (i.e., the best applications), whereas 9 of these were funded only after subsequent resubmission (i.e., the good applications).	2
Compared to the global data, the annual growth rate of Industry 4.0 papers in Vietnam, and other Southeast Asian countries was lower.	4
The 10-year average value for ICP proportion for female-authored papers is 10.45 as compared to 9.44 for male-authored papers.	4
Address correspondence and reprint requests to John Barnard, MD, Nationwide Children's Hospital, 700 Children's Drive, Columbus, OH 43205 (e-mail: John.barnard@nationwidechildrens.org).	0
The greater determinant of career success seems to be persis- tent hard work and continuous scientific contribution, evidenced by both our work and that of past researchers (Ioannidis et al., 2014).	5
Therefore, it can be inferred that the increase in research output could be due in part to the significant increase in doctoral students.	5
The publisher does not give any warranty express or implied or make any representation that the contents will be complete or accurate or up to date.	0
The survey was sent in September 2016 to approximately 13,091 individuals in our database who had either participated on a peer review panel that had been convened by the institute (36%) or served as a PI/investigator/collaborator/consultant on an application that had been reviewed through the institute (71%) or both (12%).	2
The analysis is based on 1.4 million documents covered by both PubMed and Web of Science and published between 2010 and 2012.	2
This generates a normalised Attention Factor (AF) that quantifies any OA advantage (above 1.00) or disadvantage (1.00).	3
Since we assume that the authors are aware of the facts of journal for 2018, we have omitted the papers that were submitted in 2018 and before.	2
Still, factors such as the experience of the proposal's reviewers and the gender composition of the reviewing team also influence whether or not a submitted proposal receives funding as well as the amount allocated to the proposal.	4
We drew on Murugesan & Moravcsik (1975) and developed a two-dimensional citation function framework to examine whether a citation is essential or perfunctory to a paper, and whether the author attitude toward that citation is positive or negative.	3
Other measures of effectiveness, including impact on education, on health care development, and on stimulation of applied developments, are needed rather than spuriously scientific advanced analyses of citation counts.	5
Notes: Manuscript counts are smoothed using 3-month moving average except at the policy change.	0
With reference to RQ2, on the AII-JII correlation for researchers within each field, we can certainly state that variation is considerable.	4
As you did it in the other tables, please insert a 0 before the decimal point of the values in table 5	0
A critical evaluation of scientific efforts is needed in times of modified evaluation criteria for academic personnel and institutions.	1
The requirements of “genius work” in this research are set as follows: (a) they are more than 50 years old, and (b) their citation curves can be fitted by an exponential function with R2 > 0.8.	2
Addressing our first research question, overlapping with the rotator one and two years after her return from the NSF leads to an increase in funding that exceeds $200,000.	4
APC funded professional publishing is a significant and growing segment but only one of a wide variety of publishing models whose prominence varies substantially across disciplines and geography.	5
The points are plotted for April 1 each year (e.g., 1983.25).	0
This article examines recurring motifs within the review of publication practices whose ethics are called into.	1
The rest of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2: Background and Related Works on Rankings of Latin American Universities.	0
I refer to multidisciplinary literature to outline the violence and exclusions that this aphorism produces.	2
Note: This word cloud refers to 5,623 papers published in journals rated by the Australian Business Deans Council.	0
Environmental science was the most researched topic, represented by 175 (45.8 %) articles.	4
The main research questions of this study are:	1
Therefore, this paper attempts to answer the question: From the perspective of discontinuance of citation, does the interdisciplinarity of scientific papers have an impact on the durability of citation diffusion?	1
Results from this study demonstrate the association between receipt of an OREF resident research grant and pursuit of a future career in academic orthopedic surgery.	5
* As determined by the Journals Investigation Commission of Iran's Ministry of Science, Research and Technology	0
This paper uses a gravity-style empirical framework to examine the link between international knowledge flows and immigration policies.	1
This analysis reveals that undue sneaked references mostly benefited two scholars and a few journals published by Technoscience Academy:	4
The examined sample includes 25,463 internationally visible Polish university professors from 85 universities, grouped into 24 disciplines, and 158,743 Scopus-indexed articles.	2
Finally, the Polish higher education reforms are framed within an overarching concept of "chaos theory in education", as one of many possible theoretical groundings for the observed phenomenon.	1
We quantify this capital by measuring the pervasiveness of bio-computing cross-disciplinarity (XD) in genomics research during and after the HGP.	1
popularity, as measured using Google Scholar by total number of citations, number	3
In addition a number of foreign firms have established R&D centers in India.	0
We use a field delineation based on the bibliographic properties of articles, as proposed by ref.	3
Results pointed out that the Faculty of Technology and Metal- lurgy, besides the number of papers, has a strong showing in terms of citation metrics.	4
The period of analysis was set from August 2013, when the initial draft was announced, to February 2017, when the revised curriculum was implemented.	2
As proxy of outcome we adopt the number of citations for the researcher's publications at 30 June 2009.	3
As previously noted, social capital's root in social networks and social relations could interfere in its measurement; thus it must be also measured relative to each of those (Lin, 1999).	0
We also used the Bibliometrix tool in R (4.2.2).	3
We assume the author might write a manuscript choosing not to give information on all N research items.	2
We determined whether articles were immediate or delayed OA using the XML node openArchiveArticle, which indicates if an article was made freely available under Elsevier's Open Archive program, and measured the uptake of hybrid OA.	3
The inclusion of grey literature in ASFA can assist researchers and practitioners in promoting awareness of their publications and can help countries to track progress in meeting the UN Sustainable Development Goals.	5
Finally, 64 multidisciplinary journals' academic impact of Dimension 2 is obtained from the comprehensive evaluation score value (see Table V).	0
The results show a strong correlation with the opinion-based ranking.	4
Moreover, an external validation of the quality of peer reviews during the laboratory experiment, based on 23,627 online evaluations on Amazon Mechanical Turk, shows that competition does not significantly increase the level of creativity.	4
Ultimately, researchers should focus on improving the state of knowledge in their fields rather than becoming highly cited.	5
To identify the conceptual structure of emerging organisations, as well as to visualise the structure of its macro areas, we employed the software VOSviewer.	3
First, to what degree are two-way linkages included in coupled natural-human system research?	1
If we consider the citations from all articles published before 2020, then Sérgio Rebelo emerges as the most cited author.	4
By using “AdaBoost model” and topic model, we construct a machine learning framework to imitate the top journal (chief) editor's judgement to select cover paper from material science.	3
As far as the journal is concerned, the JCEM itself ranked first with 468 publications.	4
We believe this is a good reason to use the risk ratio (e.g., our indicator MHRR, but also MHq) over a comparison to the world.	5
Continuing citation of retracted articles mainly stems from inadequate identification (references and PDF) on hosting sites [14,38].	5
We therefore believe that the comparison and analysis of national university ranking systems provides a useful snapshot of how universities are conceived in different national systems and illustrates their performance in relation to their peers.	5
By a large margin, most invoices were issued to UK-based research funders and institutions (n = 14,344; 59.2%), followed by the Netherlands (n = 2,835; 11.7%) and the European Union (n = 1,990; 8.2%; EU), which in the context of this paper refers to institutions established by the European Commission, and not the individual member states.	4
The study results revealed that academic and social impacts of HIPs are interdependent and complementary.	4
The European Journal of Operational Research is the most cited journal and has the broadest network.	4
Articles about glaucoma were analyzed regarding the topics’ structure, history, and document relationships using HistCite software.	3
This search resulted in 890 INPADOC patent families.	2
Based on the population model and the publication data for the computer science community from DBLP, we are able to uncover many interesting properties.	5
Therefore, caution should be taken in the use of citations as a primary measure of knowledge flow.	5
Lastly, we performed a stepwise multivariate Ordinary Least Squares (that is, linear) regression analysis to determine the predictors of citations at 6 and 12 months, and Mendeley saves at 6 months; these were log-transformed dependent variables in the model.	3
The data for this paper are sourced from the printed edition of the American Sociological Association's (ASA) Guide to Graduate Departments for the year 2014.	2
What is the presence and density of social media metrics across scientific disciplines?	1
Public resources are more focused on the study of water quality than the study of irrigation and its use in agriculture.	5
2013, Zyoud 2015, 2016a, 2016c, Zyoud et al.	2
The USA had the highest number of publications (32.62%) and China had the highest rate of funded studies (45.38%).	4
We collected the data on the journal title, Hr?ak status of the journal, p-ISSN, e-ISSN, Hr?ak URL address, discipline, government subsidize, peer review, contact information, masthead and APC.	2
Following the CWTS standard calculation of indicators (cf.	3
However, bibliometric indicators should be used carefully at the individual level, as they present several limitations that cannot be ignored.	5
This study introduces the prestige dimension into interdisciplinary evaluation and uses the P-Rank algorithm to calculate the prestige of papers.	5
The objective of this study, therefore, was to compare the methodological and bibliometric characteristics of COVID-19 papers against those of non-COVID-19 papers and identify the variables in which the two differed, using a purpose-made case-control design.	1
The most active journal was Learned Publishing, whereas the most influential was Nature.	4
Several statistical methods, such as correlation, difference tests and regression models, were used.	3
The search procedure was carried out by two explorers with experience in search strategies.	0
By collecting theoretical and application papers in DEA methodology from the Web of Science data set, this study analyzes the academic network consisting of 610 researchers and identifies author locations, research disciplines, and their mutual linkages to explain the importance of personal specific characteristics in cross-border diffusion.	2
GDP: Percentage of World's GDP in current US$ in 2008, IMF (2009).	0
Although the study focused on enterprise entities, the UII model could potentially be applied to other types of organizations such as universities or governments.	5
In total, we identified 18 review papers from the sample.	2
Through the citation generation approach discussed above, we finally obtained a total of 356,966 publications that either belong to the core set or have a cognitive relatedness of at least four citation generations with the core set publications during the period of 2000–2017.	2
Specifically, we found that it is plausible to assume that Google Scholar's size has been underestimated by between 8% (compared to Delgado López-Cózar et al.	5
This work explores how topic co-clustering, an approach to text analysis based on machine learning, might be used to tag National Science Foundation (NSF) grant awards automatically with terms referring to scientific disciplines or to socioeconomic objectives.	1
From Table 4, we also note that the estimated values of the exponent c range from 2.38 to 3.07 across the eight selected journals individually and as a group.	4
Less developed countries comprise 59 percent of the countries with rejection rates lower than the average; the average rejection rate for this less developed group was 99.4 percent.	4
1.243, p=0.025) than those published in Europe, and this had changed compared with 2000 mean IF (0.978 Vs.	4
Following the methods of previous studies [16, 17], basic information was collected, including the title, authors, year of publication, article type, source journal of the article, city, institution, number of citations, decade published, and topic or subspecialty of the research.	3
The category Cardiac & Cardiovascular Systems comprised 128 journals in 2017.	2
The second dataset we use is the Main Science and Technology Indicators (MSTI) provided by the OECD (Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, 2017; Eurostat, 2005).	2
We follow previous studies and use standard measurement strategies – MSLE (mean square log2-transformed error) in our experiments (Cao et al., 2017; Chen et al., 2019; Li et al., 2017).	3
Figure 2 provides a breakdown of the self-reported disciplines of the 213 responding journals.	0
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Figure 1 also omits three journals that have subscription prices over $1,000, as well as paid circulation below 2,500 copies.	0
It could however be noted that while citation impacts of lecturers’ publications do not differ by gender, female academics publish in less prestigious journals (having less journal impact factors) than their male counterparts.	5
When considering the level of academics' use of open access, it is found that 75% of the academics use articles in open access journals for their own research and 51% of the academics do not publish any articles in open access journals.	4
When analysed individually, Self-Interest emerged as the predominant ethical climate at the School of Medicine whereas Laws and Professional Codes remained the dominant ethical climate at the other two schools.	5
Section 2 describes the data sources and the methods employed for this study.	0
A Systematic Overview of Operations Research/Management Science Research in Mainland China: Bibliometric Analysis of the Period 2001–2013	1
The nonparametric test for trends was used to determine significant changes in the total number of articles over the study period.	3
We extract manually from the report the data corresponding the 600 most productive institutions, 509 being Higher Education institutions, on which the results presented here are based on, as discussed below.	2
The criterion of selecting highly cited papers is the top 1 percent in a certain field for a certain year, and the time period of counting citation frequency of papers is last ten years[3].	3
That having been said, those who have actually published in an open-access journal or are more knowledgeable about open access tend to be less apprehensive and uncertain about such concerns and are more likely to publish in an open-access venue within a year.	5
In total 112,000 email invitations were sent, representing 4,000 invitations for each of twenty-six Scopus subject areas, with the exception of Arts and humanities and Social sciences.	2
So the focus of this paper is on the researcher and his/her oeuvre: does higher productivity result in a higher absolute and/or relative number of top cited papers?	1
As anticipated in a previous editorial [1], Fig.	1
Question 1: Is there a numeric measure, which takes into account both project outcomes and funding spent on that project?	1
This article presents a simple framework, based on existing standards that can be easily integrated into common research workflows to capture technician contributions.	1
This is a PDF file of an unedited manuscript that has been accepted for publication.	0
This study further substantiates the efforts to conceptualize disruption scores and citation counts as distinct dimensions of academic impact [21].	5
An attempt was made to explore whether the non-mainstream science area of nuclear science and technology (NST) is similar with most scientific areas, and what are the collaborative patterns of it.	1
This procedure resulted in the identification of 33 editorial board members.	0
The major internationally-recognized reference book in swine veterinary medicine “Disease of swine" [21] was mainly used to construct the final database of pig infectious agents.	2
Using pmparser, we created our implementation of the database, PMDB, from the baseline XML files and the latest version of the NIH Open Citation Collection.	4
We show that this is not sufficient because the formula lacks to account for interfield productivity differences.	5
With an overall Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.036, results do not practically show any relation between SVD-based entropy and SJR.	4
For purpose of exploring the potential of the all-author exclusive and inclusive tripartite citation networks, gene editing is taken as a case study.	1
While earlier investigations have proven inconclusive, this study shows strong correlations in the all-disciplines set and most subject subsets between full-text downloads and local citations.	5
After a brief introduction into social choice theory and a description and justification of the maximum likelihood rule for ranking alternatives, we describe and demonstrate a public available web application that provides easy-to-use tools to apply these methods for aggregating conflicting reviewers' recommendations.	1
To cite this article: Joel Alhuay-Quispe, David Quispe-Riveros, Lourdes Bautista-Ynofuente & Josmel Pacheco-Mendoza (2017): Metadata Quality and Academic Visibility Associated with Document Type Coverage in Institutional Repositories of Peruvian Universities, Journal of Web Librarianship	0
It will explore disciplinary and attitudinal differences in open access acceptance by examining “concepts and practices” among humanities scholars and arts practitioners in a faculty at an Australian institution, Edith Cowan University (ECU) in Perth, Western Australia.	1
The matched combined sample consisted of 172,752 articles from the 29 retained journals.	2
Co-authored (or international collaboration) papers received more citation impact than single-authored ones.	4
The number of articles published by the first author of each country was used as the primary measure of a country's productivity.	3
The relationship between aims and impacts of research was also found to be a possible explanation for the initially observed gender differences in forms of impact.	5
The aim of this short communication is to raise the reader's awareness of bibliometric database errors in DOI indexing, in particular, the incorrect assignment of a single DOI to multiple papers.	1
The distribution of posts by user pinpoints the different uses of the platform.	4
Standard bibliometric measures applied to the Mexican scientific output always reveal a profuse activity in Medical and Health Sciences, which is not far from reality (Lancho-Barrantes; Cantú-Ortiz, 2019).	5
Analysis of Indian publications in Dimension has been carried out to identify the authors, institutions, keywords, and journals.	1
Thomson Reuters Web of Science was searched to determine the number of indexed peer-reviewed publications before and after implementation of resident duty hour restrictions in 2003.	2
H., from China, rank first and second, with 51 and 31 publications, respectively.	4
It is found that Chinese scholars have published 13,224 papers in the field of SVM, and the first one on SVM was published in 2000, with an average of 696 papers published annually.	4
Covid-related papers are written on average by 0.3 more authors compared to non-Covid papers.	4
We would like to thank “West Bengal | Department of Higher Education, Science & Technology” for partially funding the research work.	0
Our empirical results indicate no significant impact of the local research environment on productivity on average.	4
This indicates the strong correlation between the CAC and CSC of transdisciplinary citation tasks, benefiting from each other when learned concurrently.	5
We are grateful to Susan Herring and Rob Kling for their comments on an earlier draft of this paper.	0
This process led to the collection of 186 publications across either the AER or QJE, and a mean number of years between the pre- and post-tenure publication dates across the sample that is about 14.6 years.	2
Authors, who often consider the impact of their published articles, find such information useful.	0
Second, the program prunes the publication records that are unlikely to be preprint follow-ups.	3
Once the search was performed, it was filtered by the bibliometric marker “Patent-Cited Scholarly Output" for all publication types and for all patent offices.	3
The h-index, the i10-index, and other derivatives of articles published and citations to those articles have been developed with the goal of providing a summarization by which to judge a scientist's contributions, based on some combination of number of articles published, the citation impact of the journals in which they were published, and the number of citation to those articles.	4
However, shifts in rankings once the top contributing faculty member is removed suggest that a single faculty member who is very active and productive may carry the stream’s research productivity and that the remaining faculty are not as active or productive in their research.	5
This article explores intra-national cross-generational differences based on a combination of quantitative (surveys, N = 3704) and qualitative (interviews, N = 60) primary empirical evidence used according to the mixed-methods approach methodology and its 'sequential' research design.	1
The primary MP consists of a single chain of 31 sequentially numbered nodes, as depicted in Fig.	4
A second thesaurus file was created for mapping the keywords to the SDGs (e.g., health policy → good health and well-being (SDG 3); poverty alleviation → no poverty (SDG 1)).	3
Despite the usefulness of the analytical tool, a number of limitations hindered the development of important indicators, such as those involving citation and collaboration.	5
The main objective of the present study was to analyse systematically the scientific findings on cardiac troponin in pediatric populations, providing a bibliometric view of research in the field of cardiac troponins.	1
In addition, the average F1 score for Risklick reached 90.28% compared to 71.68% for PubMed (Table 1).	4
The bibliometric analysis on the TFS publications in this paper can ensure reproducibility of research results and reduce the subjective preference in qualitative surveys.	3
We surveyed a random sample of 1,065 authors who contributed a peer-reviewed journal article indexed in the Web of Science (WoS) in 2005 and at least one other article during the period of 2001–2004 in four academic disciplines representing natural sciences (biochemistry and water resources) and social sciences (anthropology and economics).	2
The information on the professors' scientific publications is extracted from the Italian Observatory of Public Research (ORP – www.orp.researchvalue.it), a database developed by the authors and derived under license from the raw data of the Thomson-Reuters Italian National Citation Report, an extract of the WoS.	2
This cross-sectional, quantitative, bibliometric study was designed to examine the relationship between altmetrics events, article citations, and article access counts.	1
While the OLS regression suggests around 50 additional citations, the three other specifications imply an around 45% increase in the number of citations for papers where a working paper is available.	4
We find that coverage varies by discipline and publisher, and that Sci-Hub preferentially covers popular, paywalled content.	4
Univariable and multivariable ordinal logistic regression analyses were performed to examine possible associations between the level of evidence, journal discipline, and authorship characteristics.	3
Current NHMRC and University salaries are less than comparable-stage public hospital salaries.	4
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
A third contribution of the paper is to provide indicators of the extent to which research collaboration factors are linked together or co-occur.	5
To examine how to increase research career outcomes among medical graduates, we analyzed the impact of the Research Scholarly Concentration at The George Washington University School of Medicine and Health Sciences.	1
For BKCI monographs, we used an alphabetical query2 in the Publication Name field in the Book Citation Index–Science (BKCI-S) and Book Citation Index—Social Sciences & Humanities (BKCI-SSH).	2
All journals indexed at that time in the Communication category of the latest edition of SCImago Journal Rank (2019) were searched using ISSN.	2
In particular, we first apply Pieters and Baumgartner's (2002) log-multiplicative citation model to establish the cohesiveness of the selected journals.	3
The analysis of countries' co-authorship revealed that 779 studies were published by over 60 different countries of the world.	4
The gravity model states that the gravitational force between two entities is dependent on their masses and the distance between them.	3
The articles from the database were sorted from most-to-least citations by using the option ‘times cited’.	3
To summarize—we see similarities between previous characterizations and the one developed in this study, but our classification is more complete, since we used multiple facets instead of a single facet at a time, like in most previous papers (except for Haas & Grams, 1998a, 1998b).	0
In total, 5,423,287 articles (research and review articles) with 27,037,168 authorships (i.e., counting each instance of an author on a byline as a single authorship) were analyzed.	2
The identification of publication output (articles and reviews) comes from the WoS.	2
As can be seen from Table II, a total of 683 journals are involved;	0
The most popular (greatest weight) and long-lasting (longest length in time) word is the term ‘Balkan.’	4
In the Web of Science database, the subjects of breast cancer and nursing were selected, and a total of 2,734 articles published in the last decade were reviewed.	2
Hoffherr European Commission Joint Research Centre, Institute for the Protection and Security of the Citizen, Via E.Fermi, 2749 I - 21027 Ispra (VA), Italy e-mail: fabrizio.natale@jrc.ec.europa.eu	0
As these were matched data, the Wilcoxon signed- rank test was used for analysis.	3
Authorship rate increased between 1998 (median, six authors; IQR, 4) and 2022 (median, 11 authors; IQR, 8).	4
The publication month and the online-to-print delay will affect a paper's probability of becoming an HCP due to unequal citation windows.	5
These papers acted to prevent the rapid growing of those predatory journals, but they were not able to stop them.	0
Specifically, HC remains highly correlated with highly cited articles in the immunology and metabolism data sets but not with applied physics, and HN is highly correlated with highly cited articles in applied physics but not with immunology and metabolism.	4
Conclusion: This training program produced 43 interdisciplinary investigators in emergency care research, with demonstrated productivity in grant funding and publications.	5
Zhang et al., 2015) and is widely used to measure the degree of inter-disciplinarity (Deng and Xia 2020; Leydesdorff et al., 2016).	3
More than half of the collaborations induced by RTB (51%) were established among international research institutes (mainly CGIAR centers), compared with just 22% of non-RTB-induced collaborations.	4
Nearly half (48%) of all studies included in our survey had some level of non-compliance with Ecological Society of America (ESA) authorship guidelines and the majority of studies (78%) contained at least one co-author that did not meet International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE) requirements.	4
One of the issues that will be raised later is that not every paper published in a high-ranked journal is a good paper and not every paper published in a lower-ranked journal is a bad paper.	0
In contrast, most subauthors are outer layer contributors.	4
The findings indicate that Brazil is the most relevant country in the region mainly because it is a very big country that competes in one third of the Latin American population.	5
Hence, the two groups of Nobel laureates are separated, on average, by a distance of no more than 10 coauthorship steps on paths that traverse me.	4
To examine the effect of NMS, the research performance of the control group consisting of 23 non-NMS winners (Table 4) was compared with that of 23 NMS winners.	2
In particular, lower-status publishers and journals were relatively more likely to engage in JIF inflation.	5
The upshot of my analysis is that the question of how to assess journals and research outputs in the humanities is still far from resolved.	5
As multitopic collaborations are associated with higher impact, proper reorganization of science in terms of encouraging multitopic collaboration might be helpful for advancing science.	5
Cumulative numbers of publications and citations used to determine the real career h-index sequence (Egghe, 2009a).	0
1 School of Information Management and Engineering, Zhejiang University of Finance and Economics, Hangzhou 310018, Zhejiang, China	0
Approximately 60% of respondents from Western Europe, the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand have institutional access compared to ~50% in Asia and Latin America, and ~40% in Eastern Europe and in Africa.	4
Key words: R&D publications; bibliometric; international collaboration; citation impact; publication strategy; performance- based funding.	0
the two preceding years), divided by the total number of articles in journal J in years Y-1 and Y-2.	3
We also controlled statistically, in separate analyses, for network centrality and total number of publications.	3
We included general surgeons from the largest hospitals associated with accredited residency programs.	2
Almost all (96.7%) were in favour of bilingual publication of their work.	4
To understand what kind of topics emerged and what did not, three topic characteristics were examined, including topic category, clinical significance, and whether a new MeSH has any narrower terms at the time of inclusion.	3
Our findings revealed that in the process of technological knowledge diffusion, SBP and their family exhibited significant combined effects and cumulative effects of geographical advantages.	5
We conclude that due to economic disadvantages as represented by the lower NIC or rare participation in EU-funding schemes, the Eastern Hubs could not reach the same level of output factors as the Western Hubs, which negatively impacts on the number of young researchers (PhDs) and impact factors, thus resulting in lower visibility and influence.	5
However, they assume their misinformed agents exit the network, rather than continuing to share information, which makes these models a poor fit to most real-world cases.	0
Results presented in Table 9 showed that Porter, A.L. with 65 documents citing TASM, remained number one in the list of authors most frequently citing TASM literature.	4
Second, parameters were computed to fit the model to the transformed counts.	0
99.82% of the documents found in the WoS are written in English.	4
Secondly, we perform correlation analysis on the joined samples to outline the relationships among the same parameters and ratios.	3
Open access TKA journal articles published since 2016 were found using the Altmetric Explorer Database.	2
We then matched the AKs with the three channels for each paper, and calculated the ratio of the number of matched keywords to the number of AKs of the paper.	0
By using SPSS for Windows 15.0 statistical analysis program, we applied one way ANOVA for multiple comparisons, Tukey's tests for post hoc analysis and Spearman's test for correlation analysis.	3
A total of 1581 participants attended 198 specific congress sessions.	2
4 Note that we split the numbers of who travelled less than 1,000 kilometres in 0–99 and 100–999 in order to attain more precise insight in the participants from very close to the host city.	0
The study of our survey on faculty of Pondicherry University draws us to conclude that awareness of OA publishing is increasing.	5
Based on its findings, the authors concluded that scholarly publication to the in Nigerian research students surveyed means the act of generating and assessing scholarly content, distributing it to the learned community, and conserving it for subsequent use, and writing and publishing academic novel ideas in scholarly communication outlets.	5
The decline of Russia's science is not explained by an indication that scientists abroad are turning their back on Russian colleagues.	4
Finally, our corpus of study is comprised of a total of 6392 publications, including 714 preprinted papers from arXiv, 1307 papers from PubMed, 1648 papers from Elsevier, 66 papers from CHI, 480 papers from WHO, 2162 papers from MedRXiv, and 555 papers from BioRXiv.	2
To obtain ranks, all CJIFs were listed from highest to lowest using Excel pivot tables to detect and remove duplicates.	0
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
From a total of 130,494 articles published worldwide, the United States ranked first according to output.	4
Evaluation is, of course, a central feature in the dynamic process of constructing science.	0
The present data show promising and relatively good diabetes research productivity in MEA countries especially after 2008.	5
Conversations with Pedro Albarrán, Félix de Moya, Vicente Guerrero, Nees Jan van Eck and, above all, Ludo Waltman are deeply appreciated.	0
To rigorously test that matching we use the Freeman and Halton (1951) extension of the Fisher Exact Test.	3
For each of these journals, metadata was gathered on articles from 2005 to 2017.	2
The citation analysis for the sources indicated that the "Water” journal had a greater impact on readers with respect to groundwater research.	4
Once the authors were classified, the coauthored articles were divided into seven categories according to the authors: 1.	3
Third, given the high impact and research value of top-cited literature (Aksnes, 2003), the top 10% articles sorted by the number of citations from high to low were extracted from the 6680 publications.	2
These indices have been difficult to calculate and compare in the past, but recent freeware tools (Google Scholar, The ResearcherID website, the Scopus website [limited to papers after 1994], and Harzing’s PoP) have made the h-index easily accessible.	0
a Faculty of Information and Media Studies, University of Western Ontario, London, Canada N6A 5B7	0
The main objective of the present study is to quantify publication delay in the 13 scientific periodicals at 3 different stages, i.e.	1
Based on the results, this study suggests that faculty members and researchers prefer to publish in OA journals that possess qualities of prestige and editorial practice associated with traditional international journals.	5
The metrics for the study are retrieved using online InCites database (Clarivate Analytics).	2
The construction of the co-authorship network (threshold of collaboration ≥ 10 co-authored works) revealed a giant component of 161 researchers, containing 6 highly cohesive sub-components.	4
1 shows the frequency of occurrence of articles with zero, one, two, three citations and so on for a 5-year citation window.	0
The students' comments indicated that they welcomed the convenience of the PFL and how it provided data specific to articles they had not been able to otherwise locate.	4
There is also a marginal association between first author, institution size, and preprint usage, whereby the number of preprints tends to increase with institution size for ECRs.	4
By looking at the distribution of classes to keywords, we see that 78% of keywords are only associated with one class, and more than 92% are associated with fewer than 3 classes.	4
Our finding is different from those of some scholars who believe that OPR benefits papers' citations, and who believe that the more information contained in an article, the more likely to be cited.	5
What resources do faculty use to select journals for publication?	1
Refer to this website for more technical and programming details: http://www.ats.uc la.edu/stat/sas/output/sas_negbin_output.htm	0
The research study was carried out from 15 March to 15 April 2016 by means of an online questionnaire with 19 questions (mostly closed-ended, with open-ended options in some questions) as the research method.	3
Does the average citation impact of collaboratively produced articles vary over time?	1
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm	0
The research performance ratio in terms of papers was studied from the citation distributions in the fields of chemistry, physics, and biochemistry and molecular biology.	1
global lead in this future (Lord Mandelson, Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and	0
Finally, the fourth factor, Perception of the strategic focus of the university (a=.530), comprised three other items related to strategic perspective of research policy in university regarding the definition of its strategic objectives and the general lines of its own research plans.	4
What status and trends evolve out of Chinese IS research?	1
This is a severe limitation since recent publications are often of considerable interest, and thus there are numerous situations where citation data is not yet available for intervals including several half-lives, i.	0
The purpose of this study was to examine the quotation accuracy of those articles that cited Freeman et al. by analyzing whether the claims, paraphrasing, interpretations, and directly quoted statements (herein, these terms are collectively called assertions) made in these citing articles were supported by what was explicitly stated in the meta-analysis.	1
We found that a power law is applicable to distributions of retracting authors and retracted publications with exponents of about -0.6 and -3.0, respectively.	4
Building on laboratory studies and the French “pragmatic” tradition in sociology, this article proposes an approach to tackle more pervasive capitalist logics at work in contemporary research and their consequences.	1
In specifications (1) and (4), the estimated coefficient of SENIORITY is negative and significantly different from zero; the same applies to RELATIVE_SENIORITY, in columns (3) and (6).	4
Based on our network model, we can evaluate each enterprise's involvement with a measurement system with four dimensions: participation degree, contribution degree, cooperation degree, and co-authorship degree.	3
The main problem lies in inferring conclusions starting from diachronic data.	5
Among the top 1000 researchers in each ranking, the paper level method shares 743 researchers with both researcher level methods, while the two researcher level methods have almost the same top 1000 researchers, with the discrepancy as small as 3.76.	4
The average agreement fraction is 34%, with a standard deviation of 14% (the 95th percentile is 59%).	4
Our findings support the Kuhnian idea of research communities as a useful concept in bibliometric analysis.	5
VOSviewer was used to analyze the relations among highly cited references and productive authors.	3
This research covers 1,253,028 records from the SSCI and A&HCI for five years (2013-2017), three publication types (articles, reviews, and proceedings papers), and 10 altmetrics provided by Altmetric.com to test the effectiveness of Altmetric.com scores through four proposed dimensions, including transparency, fairness, availability, and validity.	1
In 2003, Linda Butler found evidence that as a result of "the increased culture of evaluation faced by the [Australian higher education] sector ...	1
The overall and mean Hirschindex was 513and 85.5± 35.39.	4
The dataset covers major funding programs in Japan, including grants from the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS), Japan Science and Technology Agency, Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development, Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare, New Energy and Industrial Technology Development Organization, and Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology.	2
Table 3 Highly-cited (> 100 citations) journalistic papers published in 2020-2022 by non-researcher authors who have been prolific in their affiliated journals (>200 papers published in that journal)	0
Web of Science database classifies scientific papers in more than 250 categories, and hence it is impractical to present different countries and different scientific fields.	2
In order to answer the questions formulated above, a co-word analysis was carried out using SciMAT (Cobo et al.	3
According to this, we propose “lucky points” to capture where such transformations exactly happen.	3
Listen to Hermes-Lima's podcast (in Portuguese) on this subject at: http:// cienciabrasil.blogspot.com/2008/03/podcast-episdio-03-publicaes-cientficas.html.	0
The articles we study as examples are shown in the following list (Nobel Prize winners are shown in bold):	2
Country, organization, and author coauthorship links are being presented as network visualization maps.	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, (*):—, 2013	0
1 Percent of every category in the contribution list in the three journals	0
Eigenfactor is not a direct measure of quality.	5
A number of related studies that have analyzed the hyperlink structure of the Web are useful, including those studies by Bray (1996); Larson (1996); Pirolli, Pitkow, and Rao (1996); Marchiori (1997); Dodge (1998); Gibson, Kleinberg, and Raghavan (1998); Clever Project (1999); Albert, Jeong, and Barabási (1999); Shiode and Dodge (1999); and Broder et al.	0
To reduce the potential endogeneity bias, we surveyed journal editors to obtain and use as an instrument the fee paid to a journal referee for reviewing.	3
Hence, this study aimed to understand the preferences of the research community in Nanyang Technological University (NTU), Singapore.	1
In this paper, an attempt is made to identify possible demographic and academic factors that help to improve the research output of academics at the University of KwaZulu-Natal (UKZN).	1
A systematic review was conducted to include all the relevant published MS/ NMOSD studies in the SEA indexed in MEDLINE, Embase, Scopus and CENTRAL from the inception of these databases to August 1, 2019.	2
The author is, however, quite confident that the trends shown are real.	0
The effect of research collaboration (RC) on citation impact (the citations that the scientific knowledge has received) has been studied over the years.	1
In the results for the full sample (column 1), the following regressors are statistically significant: standardized average number of publications per faculty; standardized percent of interdisciplinary faculty; standardized average GRE quantitative score; binary indicators for the number of student support programs, program size (Q3 and Q4, both with reference to Q1), and the binary indicator for public university.	4
We then use the K-Means clustering algorithm to divide papers into 15 classes.	3
We ignore practical issues such as the document types (e.g., articles, letters, and reviews) that are taken into account, the length of the time window within which citations are counted, and the way in which self-citations are handled.	0
The final weighted average mean percentile score was calculated by multiplying the average mean percentile by the number of schools listing that journal in one of their tiers (see the Appendix for a detailed description and example of this calculation).	3
Fifty NMS scientists were categorized based on their annual number of publications (research productivity) and their annual average number of citations received per publication (research influence).	3
The titles of the journals were retrieved from Pubmed using key word "Pharmacology".	0
With this goal in mind we show that there is an intermediate number of manuscript attributes that maximizes the probability of acceptance.	1
Let a reputation graph be a graph with three node types of academic entities: (a) reputation sources representing groups of selected researchers, (b) reputation targets representing venues of interest, and (c) reputation collaterals representing entities we want to compare such as research groups and academic departments.	3
The experience of Arabic-speaking countries suggests that the incentives provided by hiring organizations and connectivity to peers dominate in shaping how researchers decide how to organize their time and effort, and toward what ends.	5
To these data, we add additional measures from SCImajo, (2018), including information on a journal's total number of references per document, the average number of references per article for each journal, the type of publisher and home country, self-citations, and so forth.	2
These software allow us to perform various types of analyses such as co-citation (Small 1973), bibliographic coupling (Kessler 1963), cowords or cooccurrence of keywords (Callon et al.	3
This study will provide researchers with a foundation for further research.	1
This distribution suggests that clusters correspond to different stages of TI and KT processes.	5
We extracted noun phrases using natural language processing techniques (Van Eck and Waltman, 2011).	3
*The vertical axes in the graphs measure percent frequency in the relative corpora.	0
The number of physician-researcher CIA has not changed significantly (106 in 1989 to 128 in 2013 (P > 0.05)), but the percentage of project grants led by physician-researchers has decreased from 29% in 1989 to 21% in 2013 (P < 0.0001; Fig.	4
For the experiment, all papers assigned to Thomson Reuters' Subject Category “public, environmental and occupational health" indexed in the 2006 volume and with the relevant document types ‘articles', 'proceedings papers' and ‘reviews' published in journals have been taken into account.	2
In this article, the authors utilized keyword clustering and analysis to study the most recent ten years of tier-selected LIS publications in Web of Science.	3
Apart from the above 3 indices, multiple angles were also selected such as the average citation per paper, the fund, the cited journal, the highly cited author, the highly cited literature, the academic institution and their region to analyze the Journal's development situation, and then screens and analyzes the core authors and the discipline hotspots of the Journal.	3
Experiments with open peer review have been less successful, and are not very common.	4
Similar to the findings from the citation analysis, no single database obtained all the relevant references for a search topic.	4
The results of this study provide meaningful information for researchers and governments.	5
Academic capitalism theorizes how segments of universities move toward the market.	5
The scientific performance of the 13 countries of the region of South East Europe has been analyzed based on two quantitative (number of publications per FTE researcher and RPA) and two qualitative indicators (the h index and top 1 % cited publications).	5
The reigning theoretical paradigm to assess the effects of the re-velation of information is Bayesian updating.	3
In this study, we modify Bourdieu's forms of capital and differentiate between professional, individual, and social capital, following the example of Van den Brink (2009), who applied the concept of symbolic capital to appointment practices within academia.	3
The impact of the present online-based model in its first year highlights its potential as a scalable, adaptable, and cost-effective solution to the challenges faced by medical students, graduates, and specialists in developing countries.	5
In the knowledge society, individuals are expected to have more freedom and greater possibilities for self-realization and a wider spectrum of choices to make among alternatives, while respecting beliefs and ethics, just as each problem will have multidimensional solutions.	0
In Models (3) and (4), the type of fund (whether it is an NSSFC project) significantly positively correlates with the emergingness of the project topic, suggesting that NSSFC projects tend to select emerging topics as the research topics.	4
The most productive Institution is the National Institute of Metrology China with 17 documents.	4
Furthermore, the reverse causality from faculty salary to publications appears to be insignificant.	4
We have then performed an analysis of the system at three levels of granularity.	3
All t-statistics of variable coefficients are calculated using White [24] robust standard errors to correct for heteroscedasticity.	3
To test the effectiveness of the CNN algorithm for fine-grained classification of scientific literature, we used common machine learning algorithms as benchmark experiments, including Na?ve Bayes classifier, support vector machines (SVM), and k-nearest neighbor (ΚΝΝ) [42,64,65].	3
Results show a moderate correlation between the total number of articles published by prolific authors in Biology and Medicine and the number of articles they publish in PLOS ONE.	4
The keywords entered in Scopus to accomplish the objective of this study were 'Human', 'Experimental' and 'Toxicology' as 'Source Title'.	2
Great care has been taken to establish the integrity of the datasets with respect to homonyms, excluding other authors with the same name as the investigated researchers.	2
According to Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education, LAU belongs to M3 Master's Colleges and Universities class signifying that LAU has no Ph.D.	2
With this in mind – in collaboration with APSA, the Journal of Pediatric Surgery, Cincinnati Children's Hospital, and Children's Mercy Hospital - we have developed a mobile application titled Stay Current: Pediatric Surgery (Figs.	3
Corresponding institutions (including the affiliated hospitals) contributing the most highly-cited DBS research articles.	0
Table 8 presents the results from the simulations for university Alpha, with the total scores under the different scenarios seen in the last line: we observe that the difference between scenarios 1 and 2 is +25.9 %, while the difference between scenarios 1 and 3 reaches +32.2 %.	4
However, there remain distinct differences between uncited articles and their most-cited equivalents in ophthalmology.	5
To apply each index to the raw matrix in both cases, the Similarity Index Computation Programme (SICoP), developed by Adnani et al. (2020), was used.	3
Factor analysis is a dimension reduction technique commonly applied in author-based bibliographic analysis for exploring the implied relevant relations between domain representative authors (White & McCain, 1998).	3
Gideon Koren is a Career Scientist of the Ontario Ministry of Health.	0
Table 2 is a summary of bibliometric indicators of the top 20 institutions in the Engineering category according to NIRF 2016.	2
Received 17 October 2007; received in revised form 17 December 2007; accepted 3 January 2008	0
Two independent reviewers (MSU and NH) independently carried out trial searches to identify several articles on interventional cardiology.	3
A set of E&C hindering factors identified during the initial project phase remained present until the final project stage.	4
Thus, the use of the NI is questioned by the empirical results.	5
The main purpose of this work was to introduce an automatic way to identify, from the citation network, the rediscovering paper that rediscovers the sleeping papers.	5
How does CNS integrate diverse research approaches while harmonizing individual researchers' styles to deliver coherent and collective research outcomes?	1
A similar or dissimilar set of findings might emerge if another database such as SCOPUS was used.	0
The scope of the present paper is twofold.	1
We gathered primary and secondary data about individuals who were active participants in the scientific research community.	0
In the second part, research in branches of chemistry and related disciplines such as analytical chemistry, polymer science and physical chemistry were analysed using principal components analysis and hierarchical cluster analysis for each country.	3
And Q3) What is the clustering methodology that can help the best cluster this data?	1
Our aims for this paper were to determine what research has been done on citation accuracy across disciplines, to perform our own study on selected journal articles in library science, to consider if current editorial policies might be having an effect on citation accuracy, and to make recommendations for authors, editors and librarians.	1
Who are the world's top researchers in Sports Medicine based on the H-index?	1
The choice for 10 publications was based on the in- spection of the distribution of the RTG, which ap- peared to resemble a normal distribution3 without too many outliers when at least 10 publications were required.	0
Automatic calculation of FI and FQ were carried out by taking the human curated dataset and applying a Python-based function to calculate the FI based on its definition from the existing literature.	3
Specifically, we find that a comparison of paired author ranks from both indicators, (R(x), R(h)), yields a Spearman rank correlation coefficient of ρ = 0.429.	4
Our results for PhD students in chemistry stand in contrast to earlier studies (Hilmer and Hilmer, 2007; Neumark and Gardecki, 1998), that found no such effects for economics PhD graduates.	5
The six most paper contributed organizations were USDA ARS, University of Florida, Michigan State University, University of Georgia, Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, and University of Maine.	4
In this phase of our research, we have focused only on publications in the English language which allows us to assess how much more research alternative data sources might uncover while controlling for language, and also makes the study more manageable.	2
By mapping the research landscape of intramedullary nailing, this article aims to provide a valuable resource for researchers, clinicians, and other stakeholders seeking to deepen their understanding of this critical area of orthopedic surgery.	1
To identify citation impact differences between the four universities, we begin by estimating a series of multivariate logistic regression models (Hardin & Hilbe, 2012; Hosmer & Lemeshow, 2000; Mitchell, 2012).	3
This paper explores the usefulness of OpenAIRE, BASE, Recolecta, and Google Scholar (GS) for evaluating open access (OA) policies that demand a deposit in a repository.	1
This paper provides a formal study on manuscript quality control in peer review.	1
The secondary outcomes were time to subsequent grant funding as principal investigator (PI), clinical practice settings, and final academic position achieved.	3
Hence, we only counted the articles that were produced as the result of NSERC funding, not all the articles of the researcher.	3
By collecting information on data access requests and the functioning of DACs, the relationship between collected indicators and research outputs can be studied.	4
Univariable and multivariable negative binomial regression was used to examine associations between self-citation incidence and publication characteristics.	3
The purpose of this research paper is to analyze the smallest EU member-states and their respective universities (Cyprus, Luxembourg, and Malta), and how they have responded to these efforts.	1
A team of 3 scientometrists led by John loannidis published in 2020 an extensive and updated data-base (ca.	2
2013) are used; this package is used for supervised learning and includes different learning algorithms.	3
Finally, to visualize a semantic network, Ucinet 6, a software package for analyzing social network data, was used (Borgatti et al.	3
Next, to detect the development of the research topics, the co-occurrence networks of keywords of the different stages were illustrated, and the burst detection of keywords is used to identify the emerging topics.	3
Overall, 3.8% (251/6647) and 4.0% (47/1165) nucleotide sequences that were verified in Molecular Cancer and Oncogene papers, respectively, were found to be wrongly identified.	4
A proposal is made, herein, to resolve that matter by applying the "one paper: one citation" concept, so as to adhere to the thermodynamic principle of conservation of mass.	1
Despite the recent character of the phenomenon, a first few bibliometrics studies on Covid-19 research have already been performed only after a few months.	0
The USA, with the largest number of independent articles (4,977) and international collaboration articles (4,511), led this productivity rank.	4
The Y-index was employed to examine the publication performance of contributing authors.	3
This study considers the peak production years for average versus outstanding astronomers.	1
A static approach to studying the Pm-Cm diagram resulted in countries being grouped into five main categories based on average positions.	3
It means that publications without any metrics were left out of the analysis.	0
The influence of social relations does not cancel out in the aggregate, as total citations to an individual depend on their network centrality.	4
We observed that for many low- and middle-income countries there were no epidemiological estimates of HPV infection of the cervix among HIV-infected individuals.	4
RQ4: Why do some journals mainly publish articles not matching their official Scopus fields?	1
When we add the effect of department affiliation we observe that belonging to a department decreases interdisciplinarity.	4
To study stratification among scientists, we reconstruct the career-long trajectories of 8.2 million scientists worldwide using 12 bibliometric measures of productivity, geographical mobility, collaboration, and research impact.	1
Each was then matched with a mainland counterpart that has a similar general specialization and global ranking.	2
More specifically, the overarching aim of the current study is thus to examine the emergence and development of sustainability science as a field, drawing upon Bourdieu's conceptual framework and the methods he developed.	1
1 Department of Energy Conversion and Storage, Technical University of Denmark - DTU, Frederiksborgvej 399, 4000 Roskilde, Denmark	0
The interactive statistics package PLUM (McCullagh, 1979) was used to implement this procedure with the data for each of the 18 cost centres.	0
Papers included in the study were collected from the Web of Science Core Collection (WOS) platform from Clarivate Analytics.	2
Furthermore, transport geography has been driven by numerous landmark references originating from humanist theoretical reforms, from initial positivism, to behaviorism, to new regionalism, to post-modernism, and then to recent social and cultural turns (‘new mobility’ turn, behavior turn).	5
It may be premature to make conclusive remarks about the significance of altmetric scores.	5
The number of citations for each article was retrieved using the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI).	2
In addition, personality has heterogeneous impacts on productivity across different contexts; conscientiousness more strongly affects scholarly output in research-oriented institutions, while collaboration reduces the penalty associated with lack of conscientiousness.	4
Using text mining and a forest plot, we are able to understand the relationships between the types of research in different journals.	5
1 Departamento de Economía y Administración de Empresas, Universidad de Burgos, Burgos, Spain	0
Masse, PhD, University of British Columbia, Department of Pediatrics, Centre for Community Child Health Research, L408, 4480 Oak Street, Vancouver, British Columbia V6H 3V4, Canada.	0
In Europe, universities lost on average -9.8±74.2 positions, while in the United States – 5.5±21.	4
The corpus is composed of 6637 REF impact case studies.	2
The list of program directors from the Association of Program directors in Vascular Surgery (APDVS) and the European Union of Medical Specialists (EUMS) were queried for the names of the directors of vascular surgical training programs at the end of 2015.	2
Among other characteristics of "predatory" journals two most relevant are their business model and the quality of the editorial work.	1
The different ranking values were combined using the Borda function and the final ranking of each university was determined.	3
The prevalences of perceived and ICMJE-defined honorary authorship were 18.0% (44/244) and 55.2% (137/248), respectively.	4
The objective of this study was to explore the trends in the publication and production of open access (OA) and non-OA journals and articles over the last decade.	1
11A colored version of this map can be retrieved at http://www.	0
0.5180), indicating that it is more capable of ranking highly related articles at higher positions.	4
Received: 25 April 2024 / Accepted: 20 August 2024 / Published online: 22 September 2024	0
On this basis, four indicators describing the age characteristics of active articles were proposed to quantify the long-term impact of journals.	3
The most frequently used area for CPBs is carotid endarterectomy.	5
By integrating the two kinds of similarity (i.e., the text-based similarity and the citation-based similarity), the similarity between two references r1 and r2 can be estimated.	3
However, it seems that funding, directly or indirectly, influences scientific activities of the researchers affiliated with the top Ten Canadian universities in a way that higher funding has encouraged researchers to produce more articles through getting involved in larger scientific teams while paying more attention to the quality of their work.	5
JAT articles were cited 4,537 times in 2022 by all journals in the JCR database, although 520 of these were self-citations (11.5%).	4
Among the 91 institutions whose plans we analyzed, 63 (69%) had plans that set the same minimum RCR training requirements for undergraduate, graduate, and postdoctoral trainees; we described these as “uniform” plans.	4
2005-2006 and 2006–2007 SAEM Grants Committee Members are listed in Appendix A.	0
The results showed that review papers had relatively higher citations than general papers do.	4
A first concern in this study should involve the demarcation of the universe in question, that is, which journals can be properly considered to be journals of social work.	2
Correspondence to: José Luis Ortega Priego, Cybermetrics Lab, Centro de Información y Documentación Científica (CSIC), Joaquín Costa, 22, 28002 Madrid, Spain.	0
The degree of collaboration among academic librarians was computed as the ratio of the total number of collaborative publications to the total number of publications (Subramanyam, 1983).	3
Strategies that try to address the reference class problem by tackling one question without reference to the other simply underscore their mutual dependence.	3
WPS has become a multidisciplinary research area, with articles published in journals focused on different areas, such as, Women/Gender studies, but also Political Science and International Relations, Geography, Planning and Development, Psychology and military studies.	5
The results of our study showed significant linear growth in reference density in eight disciplinary categories between 1980 and 2019 indexed in Web of Science.	4
Therefore, for our analysis, assignments were changed to the classification in PubMed with the assumption that this approach would provide a more uniform and objective assignment of the actual article types.	3
We assessed the role of preprints in the communication of COVID-19 research in the first 10 months of the pandemic, between January 1 and October 31, 2020.	1
However, closeness centrality is a poor filter because articles fit within a small range of citations.	4
The work was supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (7101017006, 71173187).	0
To remedy this shortfall, I create an original typology that reflects a range of perceptions on this topic: Pragmatic, Cosmopolitan, CCP-critic, and Leftist.	1
Table 2 shows formula and value range of each measure criterion.	0
The results of the cluster analysis reveal the main research problems in WR being addressed by the scientific community, and the subsequent mapping shows the overall structure of this field.	5
Using activity index (AI) (Schubert and Braun 1986) authors identified the fields of relative research effort, a particular gender devotes to a given sub-field.	3
Here we analyzed such a kind of data and show, quantitatively, that the regularity in the authorship contributions decreases with the number of authors in a paper.	1
All content following this page was uploaded by Zhicheng Lin on 02 December 2023.	0
The study findings can further be used to inform biomedical journal policies and develop training courses for peer reviewers and journal editors.	5
The reliability of the scale was tested using Cronbach's alpha (Cronbach & Meehl 1955; Tavakol and Dennick 2011).	3
For all time intervals [t=0, t=s] with s = 5, 6, 7,......, 20 and subsequent time intervals [t=s+1, t = s +a], for a=5 as well as a=10, we identify the papers with the threshold values c s ≤ 1.0 and c a ≥ 5.0.	3
The primary concern of this work is to investigate how accurately centrality indices can rank the authors ranked by bibliometric indices.	1
One of the most illuminative methods of measuring scholarly impact is a citation analysis.	3
Female researchers more often value and engage in research mainly aimed at contributing to societal progress, which has more abstract views (usage).	4
218 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—February 2011	0
In addition, I gathered acceptance rates for the same journals when possible.	1
We retrieved publication data from the WoS database.	2
These articles were cited 722 times in 37 journals, and the h-index provided by the Web of Science was 14.	4
However, when the signs of variations are taken into account, there is an asymmetric causality running from negative research output shocks to negative real GDP shocks.	4
What are the main areas of COVID-19 related publications?	1
Our study shows that contradicting citations are very uncommon and that retracted or corrected articles are not more contradicted in scholarly articles than those that are neither retracted nor corrected but they do generate more comments on Pubpeer, presumably because of the possibility for contributors to remain anonymous.	4
Received October 10, 2017; revised February 15, 2018; accepted April 3, 2018	0
The clusters obtained using the steps above are characterised by two parameters.	3
The 25 senior scientists at the Ottawa Hospital Research Institute's Clinical Epidemiology Program (OHRI CEP) were selected due to the high variance in their h-index scores (0–81) and established academic careers.	2
What skills are important for peer review panelists reviewing proposals for research funding?	1
The average times of rejections per publication is also a meaningful indicator.	4
The WoS database was searched on December 24, 2021.	2
The author(s) received no financial support for the research, authorship, and/or publication of this article.	0
In cases of authorship, this arbitrariness is most in evidence among middle authors, and does not seem to implicate first or last authors.	5
They present the methodological framework and workflow, measures of impact for the first 30 months, and a set of practical lessons learned to inform others considering a systems-based approach for resource and publication tracking.	1
This is a PDF file of an article that has undergone enhancements after acceptance, such as the addition of a cover page and metadata, and formatting for readability, but it is not yet the definitive version of record.	0
The results suggest that it is a universal social science phenomenon, across time and discipline, that articles with at least two authors are likely to be, on average, more highly cited than articles with one author, and that the difference is likely to be substantial, for example, at least 50 %.	5
This finding highlights the drawback of traditional wisdom of a researchers' need to “stand on the shoulder of giants” for success, and the importance of working with other researchers at different stages of their scientific careers.	5
This study can inform researchers, policymakers, and funding agencies as they assess ongoing research and future directions in COVID-19 VE.	5
To some, our work may be seen as yet another departmental ranking or rating study where quantity of scholarship is extolled and quality is excluded.	0
Received 22 October 2023; Received in revised form 2 December 2023; Accepted 6 December 2023	0
However, the effect of open access on policy impact (measured as citations received from policy documents) is still unknown.	1
Conversely, the two least impactful groups are associated with consistently higher levels of long-term excess reciprocity, higher than 0.2 in the case of the single least impactful group.	4
In addition, the findings in this study could be useful for biomedical authors (especially for those in basic science) to get more attention from clinical research.	5
Results based on DI depend on the length of their citation time window, and different citation time windows may cause different, even controversial, results.	4
For this study, we considered awards highly prestigious if mentioned on three or more of these seven lists.	3
We found that publication pressure increased across academic researchers in Canada following the pandemic, with respondents reporting increased stress, increased pessimism, and decreased access to support related to publishing.	4
Articles and reviews' bibliographic information, authors' affiliation and country, decade, subject and research area were recorded and analysed.	3
Nine of the most authoritative global university rankings were used as an information base.	2
Reprint author model: In this model, the institution of the reprint author covers the entire costs of a publication.	3
2018), also known as relative specialization index (Gl?nzel 2000), was applied to discover the research effort of the different countries in the development of the Microbiology field.	3
Our findings reveal that at least 27 % of them exhibit dubious affiliations, with the proportion potentially rising above 60 % in SCIE papers between the United Kingdom and Australia.	4
Based on the assumptions described above, the yearly average productivity over a certain period for researchers in a university in a particular SDS S is named fractional scientific strength, FSSs, and calculated as follows:	3
Our indicators of research productivity were based on articles and reviews from the Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-Expanded).	2
It re-affirms the network approach as central to the study of team science, and introduces the use of exponential random graph models as a next step after descriptive network studies in this domain.	5
We compare the language of fields i and j based on the frequency of words in each field using methods from information theory.	3
Slovenia has a centralised and unified system of researchers' bibliographies, which form part of the Co-operative Online Bibliographic System and Services (COBISS).	2
Only 199 manuscripts (45%) had a decision rendered in which both reviewers agreed on the same initial recommendation.	4
Let us explain in more detail why the articles on high-energy particle physics (HEP) were excluded.	2
The estimation is performed by using Newey's (1987) two-step efficient estimator.	3
We ranked the top 20 countries that contributed to ophthalmic research in 2013, using SCImago [6], which includes the journals and country indicators contained in the Scopus?	2
Ruben Miranda: Concieved and designed the analysis; Collected the data; Contributed data or analysis tools; Performed the analysis; Wrote the paper.	0
Chronological distribution of publications retrieved from ISI Web of Science (annual output)	0
We apply the Louvain method and identify three clusters from cooccurring research activities.	3
It further categorizes gold OA citation effects into four quadrants: positive citation effects (quadrants A and B) and negative citation effects (quadrants C and D), based on category normalized citation impact (CNCI) and journal normalized citation impact (JNCI) indicators from the InCites database.	3
The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article's Creative Commons licence, unless indicated otherwise in a credit line to the material.	0
The purpose of this study is to investigate the evolution of orthopedics studies in mainland China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan, by analyzing the trends and characteristics of the scientific articles published in orthopedics journals.	1
This study investigated the influence of the principle of least effort (PLE) introduced by Zipf in his 1949 work, Human Behavior and the Principle of Least Effort: An Introduction to Human Ecology.	1
To select the most commented publishers and journals, we used a discretization approach using the Fisher algorithm to choose the first class (the most commented).	3
Rather than a 'translational pipeline' from theory to clinical practice network analyses suggest a multidimensional translational network associated with depression, suggesting multi-pronged, interdisciplinary approaches may be useful in addressing observed 'breaks'.	5
Citation density (total number of citations/years since publication) was also computed.	3
From Figure 3, we can see that at a scaled distance of 1.00 on the bottom axis, we can define 10 clusters.	4
The analysis shows that academics' motivations (networking/prestige, resources, teaching, or personal income) correlate with the observed co-affiliation type.	4
Our findings provide evidence that corporate financial support can lead to substantial improvement in academics' follow-on research direction without diverting their previous scientific exploration trajectory.	5
To find the Iranian epidemiologists papers in Web of Science Database (WOS), epidemiology keyword limited to Iran in address field was searched.	2
the aim of this study is to provide empirical evidence of the effect of retractions in biomedical research on co-authors' research careers.	1
Here, a bibliometric outlook of the subject of BMA in Ibero-America using 19 variables was conducted by analyzing the ten most cited documents in BMA in each country from 1996 to 2017 using the citation database Scopus.	1
We hypothesized that despite the encroaching “fourth threat” of increased administrative demands, promotion would not negatively influence the scholarly vigor of department chairs of surgery.	1
Our study uses text mining and forest plotting techniques to extract article features and compare the similarities and differences between the two journals' research types.	1
Despite team-based works having been dominant in scientific production, little is known about the relationships between team size and research performance in cross-domain research contexts.	1
The data used for this study correspond to the types of output with higher citation averages in the Scopus database (Guerrero-Bote & Moya-Anegón, 2014) which includes articles, reviews, conference papers and short surveys for the period 2003–2012.	2
A Venn diagram of topics with high supply, high popularity, and high prestige.	0
For permission for commercial use of this work, please see paragraphs 4.2 and 5 of our Terms (https://www.dovepress.com/terms.php).	0
Most of them were original articles (91,7%) and 89.9% were published in traditional journals.	4
Over a three-year period, chemistry and engineering students participating in six Research Experience for Undergraduates (REU) programs were surveyed before and after participating in a research ethics training workshop.	2
The distribution of the number of authors per paper is shown in Fig.	4
WorldCat metadata offers valuable insights for the evaluation of books, but the completeness of this metadata varies.	4
We solicited 25 oncology grant applications submitted to NIH as R01s—the most competitive and highly sought after type of grant at NIH-between 1 and 4 y before our study.	2
The explanatory variables come from a UNESCO data set that provided data from 93 countries; a subset of 43 industrialized nations from OECD, and another of 50 less industrialized nations.	2
We constructed a large and unique dataset with detailed information on 26,219 research articles published from 2001 to 2010 inclusive in our 45 journals from the Scopus database, which is a large abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature that captures articles in 20,000 peer reviewed journals from approximately 5,000 publishers.	2
We empirically tested our hypotheses, articulated in Eq.	3
Table 2 indicates that S&PC is the most popular major research topic (37.4%) followed by IS&R (22.9%), L&I service activities (13.9%) and information seeking (13.9%).	4
This research was funded by Korea Institute of Science and Technology Information.	0
We discuss contributions to team science and team coaching literatures as well as implications for training and educating RD coaches.	5
To quantify the interdisciplinary knowledge flows, we constructed citation networks at the research field level.	3
This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives License (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/), which permits non-commercial re-use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited, and is not altered, transformed, or built upon in any way.	0
Specifically, CD is defined as the situation when a scientific paper does not receive any citations in the year following its initial citation, possibly due to the growth of new knowledge or the aging of existing knowledge, until it is cited again in subsequent years.	3
The impact of STEM databases in citations appears to be undercounted since they are not often included in citations.	5
Universities are publishing the most journals and articles in the arts and humanities as well as the social sciences.	4
The results show that the most significant index that promotes scientific fairness and recognition is the citation concentration index.	4
Our study thus demonstrates that the widespread popular notion of art as merely affective and noncognitive (Lesage 2017) does not correspond with how the majority of our respondents view the field they practice.	5
The most prevalent theme was "ineffective study question and/or design" (338; 92%).	4
By applying this method, the study makes a methodological contribution by refining the approach to evaluating the influence of ESG factors on EV industry performance, thus providing more accurate insights for managers and researchers.	3
Thirty million articles from PubMed were accessed for use in empirical research, in which a total of 15 interpretable features of scholarly citations were constructed and grouped into three main categories.	2
Of course, the thresholds of what counts as “sufficiently" high or low are vague and vary depending on the context.	0
However, according to the JKDI, leading journals have remained constant with the other ranking studies.	4
The inclusion criteria of this study were (1) spine-related articles; (2) from mainland China; and (3) ranked in the top 50 papers according to the number of citations.	2
For 2007-2011, European and sub-Saharan African research collaboration on PRDs was highly cited compared with the world average (NCI in brackets): HIV/AIDS 1.62 (NCI: 1.16), TB 2.11 (NCI: 1.06), malaria 1.81 (NCI: 1.22), and neglected infectious diseases 1.34 (NCI: 0.97).	4
The article speculates about some of the factors contributing to the iSchool and L-School differences and suggests directions for future research.	5
To deal with the problem of multiple assignment of articles to WoS categories, we adopt a multiplicative strategy in which articles classified into several sub-fields are wholly counted in all of them.	3
However, the attempt to allocate funding by grant awarding bodies to remove or reduce the risk of redundancy and to optimize research output raises serious questions about effectiveness of outcome, as well as about the confidentiality of the work of researchers.	5
Many surprises were encountered, and common wisdom with regard to assumptions about the crust and upper mantle was put to the test.	0
Finally we note that Formula (5) and the other results illustrate the range property.	0
As many as 53,372 records in total were returned after searching the WoS database.	2
In order to understand why articles were withdrawn in technology areas, we adopted the Retraction Watch Database Version: 1.0.6.0 (RetractionDatabase.org).	2
(2) To explore the degree to which citation location may be used to help identify nonessential citations.	1
In addition, this new technique allows scholars and policy makers take into account the (expected) heterogeneity within institutions in their assessments.	5
Specifically, Elsevier and Springer Nature publish approximately 40% of journals in Radiology.	5
We then use funding acknowledgement information to identify the sponsors involved in each research type to characterize funding agencies.	1
We find that Australia's output, in absolute and relative terms, and controlling for differences in page size and journal quality, increased and, on a per capita basis, is converging to the levels of the most research-intensive countries.	4
2) accompanied by an increase in impact in 3% per year.	4
The raw data (including journal title, ISSN, journal impact factor, number of citable items, and JIF quartile) were downloaded from the 2015 Journal Citation Reports-Science Edition.	2
The author fees in China for non-OA journals might play a role in elevated publishing frequency and number of articles in China, as APC (article processing charges) might for some OA journals in the world.	5
A linear regression was performed to determine the relationship between journal impact factor and time from publication to retraction.	3
Over the five years, 54 per cent of Spanish articles in Biology and Medicine appeared in journals ranked in Quartile 1 of their discipline according to their CiteScore and 32 per cent appeared in journals ranked in the Top 10 per cent.	4
The more frequently indicators are used, the more important these principles become.	0
The data show that 89.1% of scientists knew at least one of their Chinese co-authors prior to collaborating, while only 10.9% did not know them (see Table 1).	4
This study used the case study methods approach (Gomm et al., 2000; Yin, 2014).	3
The study is based on journal subscriptions data from the Association of Research Libraries (ARL) Statistics and journal use based on journals cited in WoS.	2
The study found that while no single database provided excellent coverage of the open access content, in aggregate, the four databases indexed journals currently listed by the DOAJ reasonably well.	4
The preprocessing of the texts occurred based on the title, abstract and keywords from Web of Science (WOS), creating an "article-term matrix" through Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) on the tokenized texts, to obtain the best keyword candidates.	2
Open-science regulations, policies and strategies have begun to be implemented in the last 10 years, focusing mainly on open access.	5
We find that our results show that reviewer interest in a manuscript may serve as a predictor of the potential citations an article may receive, and could explain some of the relationship between editorial delay and article citation that previous studies have found (e.g., Shen et al.	5
Mutz also suggests additional reasons why a sample should be drawn even when a larger set of records is available.	4
These challenges remain, although a gradual convergence toward a more integrated European science community appears to be reducing difficulties relating to co-publication across national borders (Hoekman et al.	0
The subject and language of each book were determined using metadata from the OAPEN Library.	3
The copy-editors did not know that the study was being carried out.	0
The first main aim of our study was to examine the role of international collaborations with researchers affiliated with institutions in developed countries in scooping productivity and impact of researchers residing in less developed countries.	1
Since the dependent variables are binary— i.e., open (1) or not open (0) the email, accept (1) or not accept (1) to become a reviewer— we employ logistic regressions.	3
Multiple linear regression and moderation analysis to test H1, H2.1, H2.2 and H3	0
Tubitak has made some effort to achieve interfield equality but they do this only at the journal level.	5
We solicited participants by email either from our list of participants from our previous survey-based study (Hall et al., 2018) or directly via journal websites.	2
However, they put less emphasis on Literature review (19%) and Discussion (13%).	4
The authors didn't say, because there was no benchmark to guide them.	0
Questionable practices were ranked third, but, in some ways, they could be considered to be the biggest overall threat because they undermine trust in the whole system.	4
Data were also gathered at the Swedish Society for Sleep Research and Sleep Medicine's (SFSS) Congress 2022.	2
Application of structural equation modelling increased progressively and is reflected particularly by the surge of publications and thematic areas notably throughout 2010–2014 and 2015–2019, the study's last two periods.	5
In this paper, we compare the distribution of Elsevier Scopus subject areas of authors' documents, their bibliographical references and their citing documents.	1
Besides the word frequency analysis based on the Abstract corpus, we performed knowledge mapping (i.e., network analysis) using VOSviewer (www.vosviewer.com), in which we focused on the network and “link strength” between author keywords.	3
This analysis includes key issues such as the distribution of annual publications and citations, the most cited papers, the h-index, citations per paper, the keywords that are mostly used, the influence on the publishing industry and authors, universities, and the countries that have the most publications.	3
Keywords Faculty · Motivation · Research productivity · Bibliometrics · STEM	0
On average, PPJ have much lower citation metrics than other Scopus-indexed journals.	4
This work was supported by the Russian Foundation for Humanities, project no.	0
In short, the new ranking approach is not proposed to replace the current rankings that focus on academic indicators.	5
Our analysis focused on subset of grants in the earlier study (Li and Agha, 2015) that were awarded a percentile score of 20 or better: this subset contained 102,740 grants.	2
1 Comparing the number of references in theses from 2004 to those from 2010	0
The corpus being examined is published in 2019 and covers 22,559 papers citing 872,442 references.	2
Which partner countries published the most with Vietnamese affiliations in Industry 4.0?	1
Second, the automatically generated web knowledge map clearly shows the macro-structure of the specified domain.	5
In this study, we utilized data from the Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU), specifically their global ranking of academic subjects.	2
Our results suggest that the model can predict the results of peer-review at this level with a reasonable degree of accuracy.	4
The results of the theoretical study indicate that while all indicators are vulnerable to manipulation, some of the h-index variants are more susceptible to the influence of strategic behavior than others: elite set indicators prove more resilient than the original h while other variants, including most of those directly derived from the h-index, are shown to be less robust.	4
The study also suggests that more collaborations between social scientists working in different nations is required to explore the less focussed themes addressing the local challenges of poor nations.	5
The Nanoscientists identified in Sotudeh and Khoshian's study (2013) are used as the research population.	2
Double data entry was conducted for all citing articles, and disagreements were discussed until consensus was reached.	0
Of the papers rejected at triage and those rejected after regular peer review, 59 and 61%, respectively, were accepted in other journals.	4
The Kruskal-Wallis test, Wilcoxon rank sum test with continuity correction and Pearson chi-square test were used for comparison.	3
Instead we found that as compared to the RAE, the REF results implied a lower citation %ile threshold for declaring a 4*.	4
This may imply the importance of collaborating with well-known researchers for young scholars' early career placement in the academia.	5
With model-based IRR, we further show that consistency between raters is significantly lower when rating external applicants.	4
(2) We found five types of the mentioning form of policy document mentions, the major mentioning form is references (72.3%).	4
In this way, we see that the trending topic with the highest absolute growth is security, and the trending topic with the highest relative growth is blockchain.	4
This may imply that two of the key pillars in the dominant orthodoxy in contemporary science policy– biblimoteric driven evaluation and relevance – may be in tension.	5
Shedding light on the nature of the problem may help to address it.	0
Next, we included statistically significant univariate correlates of PDR scores, including demographic variables, in a forward stepwise logistic regression analysis in order to identify variables uniquely associated with low versus high PDR performance.	3
The minimal data set for this paper consists solely of mathematical equations, which can be found in the manuscript and supplementary materials.	2
Despite the observed differences in citation counts between fields, the question remains how strong fields influence citation rates beyond the effect of attributes or factors possibly influencing citations (FICs).	1
These indicators are as follows: “The number of scientific publications”, “The number of journal articles indexed in the WoS”, “The number of independent citations", and the “The cumulative impact factor value”.	3
Color versions of one or more of the figures in this article are available online at http://ieeexplore.ieee.org.	0
To participate in this changing landscape librarians need knowledge of the source of institutional and government funds for article processing charges and these funding bodies' approaches to funding hybrid.	5
This relationship was stronger than the relationship with Journal Impact Factor and the article's open access status.	5
By the time this essay reaches print, it will have passed through a gauntlet familiar to scholars in every discipline.	0
The most-cited study groups are situated in the Netherlands, Belgium, Spain, the United States, and the United Kingdom, and collaborative studies have been increasing.	4
They were mainly located in Europe (219/389, 56.3%) and North America (118/389, 30.3%).	2
The findings show the significance of remote sensing research and its practical applications for shaping urban policy, planning strategies, and sustainable urban development.	5
This study revealed the impact of articles perceived as exemplar representations of 80 different nursing journals.	5
The study with complex networks has more significant potential and advantages for performing more objective comparisons, which lie in the specification of weights to articles and the role of authors or countries in each article.	5
The analyses below draw on United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) patenting data from 1976 to 2014.	2
For the second research question, the research design is to compare the average age of articles read by different classes of reader in the same 36 journals.	3
report that between 2002 and 2014, the area covered by the glacier's ice shelf shrank by 95%; since 1999, the glacier's flow rate has nearly doubled; and its acceleration increased threefold in the fall of 2012.	2
Comparing Figure 3 to Figure 4, the most interesting finding is that Cyprus built significantly less on Cyprus-generated research in the second time-period.	4
(The broken line actually represents one- tenth of the annual information output, that is, the number of article pages published plus the number of convention presentations programmed annually by the APA divided by 10.)	0
Specifically, the article explores how ECRs are able to integrate conflicting signals related to extra-academic impact into their career narrative.	1
The network narrative is the only one that acknowledges collegial communities as central to global science, and the only one that captures the developmental dynamics of the system.	5
This paper reports a comprehensive analysis of publications related to river water quality via bibliometrics technique.	1
For the same period, the publications of Singapore grew fourfold, totalling 162,277.	4
The United States was found to have the highest research activity with a production of n = 2,330 published items, followed by Germany (n = 298) and Canada (n = 219).	4
A data set was collected including all (N = 1699) individual tenure-track faculty members from each of the 76 GADE schools in the United States of America.	2
In this study, we explore the potential of using data from Twitter for discovering problems with publications.	1
First, the authors do not show the data they used neither they have showed how the analysis was done or whether it was statistically significant.	3
Third, future success of researchers should not be predicted from their early success.	5
Google Scholar (GS) citation metrics are used to measure the academic impact of individual researchers and marketing departments because GS “generally results in a more comprehensive coverage in the area of management (including marketing)”	3
The main results showed that open access still requires the diffusion of practices and services provided by the institution, as well as training (library or equivalent service) and institutional support from the competent authorities (vice rectors or equivalent) in specific aspects such as data management.	4
A total of 97 (73%) repositories adopted DSpace for archiving, making it the most dominant software used among African repositories found in DOAR.	4
ISTIC's list uses three characteristics: the disproportionately high share of papers by Chinese authors, the abnormally high growth rate of publications, and quality control problems in reviewing.	4
The main questions explored were: Does postdoctoral training boost scientists' chances of landing a prestigious faculty job?	1
For 26 ERTs, a total of 390 citation curves were fitted, out of which 374 (96%) were classic citation curves, 11 (3%) were wave-form citation curves and 5 (1%) comprised other citation curves.	4
The proposed approach is not necessarily limited to ??(x) and ?w(x), as defined above.	5
This display offered little insight on commonalities and differences among the MTTs.	0
Instead of χ2 tests or observing the “confidence interval” on monthly distributions, we have proposed a new line of approach: considering the diversity and inequality in the distributions of papers submitted, accepted, or accepted if submitted in a given month through information indices, like the Shannon entropy [25], the diversity index, the Gini coefficients and the Herfindahl-Hirschman index.	5
Some bibliometric parameters were extracted as follows: title, number of citations, citation density (number of citations per year), first author's country, year of publication, study design and subject.	3
We encourage research institutions and universities to effectively spread awareness of predatory journals.	5
For 6.32 million SCIE indexed records published during 1900 and 1974, only 4810, 465, and 4112 of them were with abstract/author keywords/keywords plus information collected in WoSCC respectively.	4
The analysis was carried out using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) software.	0
Taking these three facts into account, our data suggest that age probably plays a certain role in the (slight) gender imbalance of PAID contributors, as observed in other scientific fields (González-Alvarez & Cervera-Crespo, 2017a; González-Alvarez & Cervera-Crespo, 2017b; Larivière et al., 2013).	5
In this work, a new overall productivity index, namely y-index is introduced.	5
Citation analysis can supplement peer review in evaluating research quality, but there are disciplinary differences in publication and citation practices, so it is useful to know where social work is positioned.	5
The database WOS was used to locate work published by Spanish authors in the period from 2020 to 2021.	2
The Scopus database was used to determine the citation rates of the 2158 articles published in OTSR during the journal's first 10 years.	2
China Mainland and the USA occupy a dominant position.	4
Received May 15, 2011; revised August 30, 2011; accepted August 31, 2011	0
Accordingly, we coded each participant's number of publications, citations, and H-index from the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI) in the larger Web of Science archive.	2
We also find that a prominent position in such networks is highly related to citation impact, a factor that has been largely used as an indicator of publication/patent quality.	4
The examples below represent only a fraction of all the possibilities.	0
Finally, accounting for its endogeneity, we find that funding does not make new field entry more likely.	4
As such, policies designed to limit bias by seeking impartial evaluators may reduce the quality of funding decisions.	5
I am not the first person to notice that the intellectual challenges of translational medicine (in T1) do not sound particularly novel...	0
In our opinion, this blurring of actions and intent increases the need for these issues to be studied systematically and for policy to be designed to reduce the incentive to cheat.	5
We explore ECR's early-career stage positions relative to societal impact and the trade-offs necessary to assure an academic career.	1
Utilizing the Scopus database, we examine publications from 1995 to 2024, revealing advancements in extraction technologies and collaborative efforts across 42 countries.	2
The total number of cited references increased a total of 28.17% from 105,900 in 2016 to 135,730 in 2020, and this translated to a 23.8% increase in references per publication between 2016 and 2020.	4
We have set up a comparative case study design, consisting of in-depth case studies of four groups of researchers that have acquired several excellence grants and prizes-we will refer to these groups as groups with excellence funding and interviews with group leaders of twelve reference groups at Dutch universities and research institutes.	2
2011), this study attempts to understand how company size relates to its dependence on freely accessible publications.	1
Accordingly, our second (primary) prediction problem is to determine whether a given previously or newly published paper will, after a predefined timeframe, increase the future h-index of its primary author (i.e., the paper’s first author or the author with the highest h-index).	1
To bridge this gap, this study explores the relationships among different ranking metrics, including one frequency-based and six network-based metrics, in order to understand the impact of network structural features on ranking themes on co-word networks.	1
These results highlight the escalating reliance of Egyptian researchers on Sci-Hub as a vital resource for accessing scholarly papers.	5
Then the weighted Lorenz curve is applied to measure the distances from a balanced relation.	3
Therefore, the benefit rate (or gain) in citation impact when a Brazilian institution does not act as corresponding author tends to be 40.6% higher than when it does, in papers published in international co-authorship.	4
The first component can explain 61.312 % of the total variance in the altmetrics indicators.	4
The findings of the study have theoretical implications for researchers and practical implications for higher education policy makers, publishers, university administrators, and library administrators.	5
Specifically, we use an indicator for the score being above or below the funding threshold as an instrumental variable (IV), rather than the actual funding outcome itself, to predict future career outcomes (see Methods section).	3
Students who dedicated < 2 h and ≥ 2 h per week to research were 3.04 and 3.84 times more likely to have favourable conditions for scientific production, respectively, compared to those who had no time for it (APR = 3.04, 95% CI: 1.02–9.03 and APR=3.84, 95% CI: 1.13–13.02; respectively).	4
Top-100 articles were cited 62,002 times with a median citation count of 465 (range 334-2240).	4
Bibliometric indicators and an analysis of social network were employed to evaluate the analysis of scientific and technological production on the passion fruit peel flour.	3
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
Findings suggest that clear identification of a research question that is addressed by a well-designed study methodology on a topic aligned with the mission of the journal would address many of the problems that lead to rejection through the internal review process.	5
Cranfield School of Management, UK stands as the top cited university.	4
We find no meaningful difference in productivity between “quant” and “behavioral” faculty.	4
The 1290 WoS publications of the US LIS schools have been cited 18,746 times during the period 2008–2017, an average of 14.53 citations per publication, which is more than twice as many as that of the Chinese LIS schools (6.73).	4
By examining self-citations from multiple new perspectives, we gain broader and new insights into the nature and function of self-citing behavior.	5
In addressing the intention of pre-service teachers to use AI in inquiry-based science teaching, the research was framed by the Theory of Planned Behavior (Ajzen, 1985).	3
This paper has introduced the reviewer-editor game, which represents some stages of the peer review process.	5
To cover journals with different levels of importance, they were divided into five groups based on their impact factor, and then journals within each group were selected randomly (stratified sampling).	3
We show in Table 1 the top ten authors in the ranking for the paper “Adaptive extraction of time-varying isosurfaces”, a recent publication with no citations.	4
More specifically, we seek to signpost where ‘field-type' notions of research quality linger by accounting for some of the ways in which humanities scholars themselves have understood, discussed and evaluated research quality, both as individuals and as socially organized epistemic communities, such as professional organizations, institutes and disciplines.	1
Scientific fields were classified according to the Science-Metrix classification (Archambault et al., 2011) into 20 fields and 174 subfields.	3
This confirms the importance of local sociologies and, consequently, the possible fragmentation of this discipline in different local traditions.	5
Within the BRI shipping network, Asia emerges as the primary concentration area for high-sensitivity nodes (Fig.12), a finding corroborated by Haque (Haque 2003) and Lam (Lam and Su 2015).	4
The prediction of exceptional or surprising growth in research is an issue with deep roots and few practical solutions.	1
Sidney Bloch, PhD, FRANZCP, Professor; and Editor, Australian and New Zealand Journal of Psychiatry.	0
The paper of White and Griffith (1981) (publication no.	4
However, the relationship between RCR and the three indicators of clinical translation intensity was not consistent.	4
As a result, the bibliographic records for 14,910 documents were selected for the current bibliometric analysis.	2
Third, the evaluation criteria identified were categorised into one of the three groups: science-focused criteria that emphasised scientific excellence as the key cause of the impact, impact-focused criteria that emphasised non-academic needs and factors, and overlapping criteria that could be applied in evaluations of both scientific excellence and broader impact.	3
We collected and filtered information about abstracts presented at the American Physical Society March Meeting (APSMM), American Physical Society April Meeting (APSAM), Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics Annual Meetings (SIAM), Neural Information Processing Systems Conference (NIPS), International Conference on Supercomputing (ICS) and Annual International Conference on Research in Computational Molecular Biology (RECOMB).	2
This text file is read into an excel spreadsheet where it is carefully looked over for errors.	0
For the current study, we identified fifteen journals on business-related topics from the Journal Quality List (Harzing, 2019) and Journal Citation Reports (Clarivate, 2017).	2
Using this definition, all articles and research notes published in the 14 sample journals from the beginning of 1971 to the end of 2015 were identified.	2
As part of two case studies at Uganda's Makerere University and Kenya's University of Nairobi, we conducted 53 semi-structured in-depth interviews and nine focus group discussions.	2
In Table 5, the five highest correlations with the Harmonic Mean are for C3PO (at 0.906), Eigenfactor (at 0.901), h-index (at 0.9), 2YIF* (at 0.864), and 2YIF (at 0.856), which suggests that the classic two-year impact factor including journal self-citations is less highly correlated with the Harmonic Mean than are C3PO, Eigenfactor, h-index, and the 2YIF excluding journal self-citations.	4
The purpose of this study was to take a closer look at cases where journals are experimenting with new approaches to peer review and to report on the experiences with these.	1
Two, not just the intended one, of the four possible scaffolding models were observed in the data.	4
We characterize the collaborative network considering centrality indicators (degree, betweenness, and closeness).	3
The profile of each individual was downloaded from the institution website after using a web search powered by Google Search.	0
We found no evidence that the structure of the title is correlated with how many reviewers the editors have to invite to get two reviews, how long it takes reviewers to respond to our query or how long it takes to reach a decision on a reviewed paper (“time to decision” includes both reviewer and editor handling time).	4
Diversity observed in Case 1 is generally lower than in the neglected disease epidemiology case (discussed below).	4
A commonly used method employed by librarians since 1927 is conducting citation studies or citation analysis to determine a journal's importance in the field.	3
The results show a very strong positive effect of international co-authorship collaboration on productivity and excellence, while fragmentation of funding shows a negative impact only on excellence.	4
A list of previously identified retracted articles within the field of radiation oncology was updated in June 2017.	2
The visual representations also include the identification of communities as detected using the Leuven algorithm (multi-level thickening, single refinement, resolution parameter = 1, number of random restarts = 1, maximum number of levels in each iteration = 20, maximum number of repetitions at each level = 50).	3
Are publications from formerly marginal locations able to influence researchers based in “central locations", or is their impact mostly “provincial”?	1
The coverage of BKCI was checked in BKCI web version on 6th of November 2013.	2
All reported P values are 2-tailed and considered significant when less than 0.05.	0
Second, only 27% of papers share the same fields between FoR classification in Dimensions and subjects classification in Springer Nature, revealing great inconsistencies between these machine-determined versus human-judged approaches.	4
Twitter (54%) and Mendeley (62%) were the most popular altmetric resources.	4
A total of 104,975 articles were extracted, with A total of 153,530 authors in the given time frame.	2
With this expression I refer to the (trival) fact that, in logic, the whole is more than the sum of its parts.	4
However, editors rated reviews by Re as of higher quality than reviews by Ra (means = 2.53 and 1.93, respectively; t(28) = 2.0526, p = .0496).	4
We address two main research questions: (1) how much reciprocated citations contribute to a scientist’s academic reputation, and whether these can be used to predict impact and classify different career trajectories; (2) how prevalent is the tendency to reciprocate citations in the scientific community at large, and how it has evolved over time.	1
Moreover, we adopt the stratification-multilevel method [43] to analyze the heterogeneous effects of OA as a function of the likelihood of OA.	3
Let us define the relative abundance profile of each country in different periods fI(t) = NI(t)/N(t), where N(t) is the total number of scientists whose country is known in the database at time t and NI(t) is the number of scientists in country I at time t.	3
Journal articles were most common types of output reported in the impact case studies.	4
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The USA accounted for the largest proportion (78 112, 56.7%), followed by England (20 458, 14.9%), Australia (9816, 7.1%), Mainland China (8511, 6.2%), Japan (8124, 5.9%), Germany (7140, 5.2%) and France (5500, 4.0%).	4
The number of tweets related to an article was the Altmetric component that explained the highest proportion of article citations (37%).	4
We observed a larger contribution from international authors after 1995.	5
In addition, the quantitative data relating to animal or plant improvement publications were submitted to the Chi-square test of adjustment to verify uniformity or quantitative differences in the data and data relating to citations and impact factors were submitted to normality test Kolmogorov–Smirnov and later Spearman correlation test.	3
In a second step, we analyse publication data based on Scopus for a 12-year period, i.e.	3
This is to group the journals in different unsupervised clusters.	3
We used BM25 as the primary ranking function and retrieval model.	3
Libraries require efficient and reliable methods to assess journal use.	1
Following Hornik and Meyer (2007), one can obtain the consensus incidence matrix by solving the following binary program	3
Of the 72 enrolled participants, 50 were involved in the discussion.	2
The admissibility of the results was checked at every run of the models to verify that (1) the algorithm converged, (2) all absolute standardized loading estimates were smaller than or equal to 1, (3) the construct VCV was positive semi-definite, (4) all reliability estimates were smaller than or equal to 1, and (5) The model-implied indicator VCV was positive semi- definite (Rademaker and Schuberth 2020).	0
How are research strategies patterned by each contributing discipline?	1
references to an electronic document or resource on the Internet.	4
As well, it provides empirical evidence of how much change will be required when comparative institutions are not held constant.	5
Elsevier and Springer Nature together published 40% (118/293) of journal titles within the category.	4
The New England Journal of Medicine published the most articles (18/100, 18%).	4
Policy solutions are recommended to address the current conflicts between ECRs' intrinsic orientation towards achieving extra-academic impact and the requirements for successful career progress that favour traditional notions of research value and excellence.	5
In all cases, an h-index calculation was only included in the analysis once the relevant researcher confirmed his or her publication list.	0
Added together, the metrics seem to reflect two (or three) dimensions: The first one reflects impact on academia (readers and citers).	5
The paths from funding to high impact differed by cluster.	4
The top-100 cited articles in pediatrics identify the impactful authors, journals, institutes, and countries.	5
Changes (over 2001–2016) in whether the first author was corresponding author were analyzed using a glm with binomial error with year, journal, and their interaction as fixed effects.	3
An overview about the percentual distribution of codes related to this research question is provided in Table 3 in the online appendix.	0
The data (DoFA Step 3) were observations of the 12 presentations, rated by the instructor according to whether they could be useful for determining whether any of the nine objectives were met for that student [Yes (Y) = 1; No (N) = 0; Partially (P) = 0.5] (DoFA Step 4).	2
The analyses show that the specialized medical journals display higher levels of epistemic community formation as measured by the percentage of recurring authors.	4
Also, non-zoonotic pathogens had higher H-indices than zoonotic pathogens (p<0.009) while no differences could be found for being listed by the OIE.	4
The analysis also revealed that the reasons behind researchers' scepticism range from SNS being unimportant for their work to not belonging to their culture or habits.	5
By contrast, RCI and CCI have greater value in recent years.	4
It is part of the Critical Events in Evolving Networks (CREEN) project.	0
This study expands our understanding of the relationship between work experience and knowledge transfer among Korean academics.	5
We used the network analysis to explore the regional interactions between researchers in research projects.	3
Since the advent of bibliometric science, citation analysis has been widely used to evaluate the influence of a scientific article, which focuses on the methodological, quality and ranking issues of authors, journals, institutions and nations.	3
The 'i' in 'iSchools' as a whole can be interpreted as either 'information' or 'interdisciplinary', but the ‘I' in the individual ‘iSchool' can only be interpreted as 'information' in many cases.	5
This article consequently analyzes citations from dissertations granted by 17 academic departments: American Studies; Anthropology; Art History; Biology; Communication; Economics; Educational Thought and Social Studies; English; Health, Physical Education and Recreation; History; Language Literacy and Socio-Cultural Studies; Latin American Studies; Political Science; Psychology; Romance Languages; Sociology; and the Department of Spanish and Portuguese.	3
Our results suggest that receiving the Nobel Prize at a younger age is related to a longer expected lifespan (e.g., obtaining the Nobel Prize 10 years earlier is associated with an additional 1 year of lifespan compared to the average population life expectancy).	4
Consequently, 12 national ranking systems from 12 different countries were considered for further analysis.	2
This result can be somehow misleading as it is quite frequently observed that articles published in journals with IF medium or low (IF<5) have been cited more than 10 times.	0
Specifically, we examine 1.7 million papers indexed in the Web of Science published by 1.1 million authors from MENA between 2008 and 2020.	1
The three countries, nevertheless, exhibit some specific patterns: Swedish universities form a cluster of high international co-authorship, average international visitors; Israeli universities have higher-than-average, Hungarian universities have lower-than-average share in international visitors independently of co-authorship internationality.	4
First, topic popularity can greatly affect team performance, which is reflected in the significant differences in performance of teams and corresponding authors at different phases of entity popularity.	5
A political scientist may be considered as competent in a subject matter for an academic project with just one paper but the psychologist may not be with five papers.	0
Figure 6 depicts the core sources by using Bradford’s law, a popular theory which divides three distinct zones based on the significance of the sources.	3
Data on publications and citations were retrieved on August 2016 from the Scopus database.	2
An overall analysis of the source-articles shows that multiple authorship (88.96%; N = 290) exceeds single authorship (11.04%; N = 36).	4
Study design, geographic origin of the articles, article type, and the main subject of the article may be predictive of citation numbers.	5
* Corresponding author at: Address: 50, Yonsei-ro, Seodaemun-Gu, Seoul, 03722, Republic of Korea.	0
Methodologically, we conduct a bibliometric study of the articles published on nine top journals for publishing IB-related research.	3
We question the reliability of IF rankings given the high IF sensitivity to a few papers that affects thousands of journals.	5
Publication age, primary research paper, multidisciplinary science, number of disciplines, authors, institutions, funded projects, references, length of the title, length of paper, physical age, gender, nationality, institutional type, Nobel Prize have a significant relationship with 1 to 3 types of clinical translation intensity measures.	4
We first retrieved retracted articles indexed in PubMed Central? (PMC), published since January 1, 1975.	2
Total number of articles per type of article, Each article type has a total number of articles over the past 20 years as well as a percentage out of the total.	0
China is getting tough on academic misconduct with these zero tolerance policies of lifelong accountability and joint 'social' punishments, which can be regarded as a wholesome system supported by its powerful central government (Lu, 2019).	5
Some institutions have been quite successful in bargaining for lower prices, whereas others may not have been aware that better bargains can be reached.	5
Based on the average score of each category, Sj and a paired t-test comparing the responses to the 25 questions, we grouped the categories into only four fields—pure and applied sciences, natural science, humanities, and philosophy, law, and political science.	3
The criterion for creating the maps consists in choosing the terms which simultaneously met two conditions: the occurrences of a term must be equal or higher than 20 in the analyzed content, while considering the most 60% relevant terms generated by VOSviewer.	3
The date of the publication, the impact factor of the published journal, the Q category, the number of citations by any publication, and by Web of Science journals were searched.	3
Therefore, we applied the Negative Binomial Regression model with fixed effects to test for the effect of the tenure track on faculty members' academic performance.	3
Results indicated that receiving the State Award has a negative impact on the laureates’ performance.	5
Trends in NIH funding were determined for 2005 to 2014 and compared with total NIH extramural research funding.	3
We try to answer two questions from this study.	1
The Topic Extraction feature of WordStat endeavours to reveal the shrouded thematic structure of a content collection by applying a blend of natural language processing and statistical analysis.	3
The USA was the most important contributor to digoxin toxicity by volume, international collaboration, and by h-index, followed by Germany and the UK.	5
As a first step towards calculating the BIC, we prefer using the RIC as applied on a matrix of collaboration frequencies within a network, but similar probabilistic affinity indices</METRIC> used to study collaboration (Chinchilla-Rodríguez et al., 2021) may provide the basis as well.	3
The Successive and average also variate, first and second lines on Table 1.	4
The BRICS journalism researchers primarily relied on domestic and Western scholarships to produce knowledge while they were largely isolated from each other and other researchers in the Global South.	4
Two international subscription based databases were used to collect data.	2
In this paper, we provide a methodological resource for social scientists looking to expand their toolkit using unstructured web-based text, and in particular, with the Wayback Machine, to access historical website data.	1
Generally, our new disruption and DI5 both could improve Nobel and Milestone papers' ranking while suppress Review papers' ranking.	4
The confidence intervals for the geometric mean calculated with a formula agree with the modelled confidence intervals to within 7% in all cases (Table 2).	4
We can con- clude that the fit is significantly worse under the null hypothesis.	5
To increase student engagement in research activities, medical schools should prioritize the promotion of positive factors, minimize common barriers, offer customized support and resources, encourage collaborative research activities, and facilitate cross-cultural learning.	5
The currently valid regulations of medical faculties in Germany were analyzed for the target criteria of publication performance, teaching performance, possibility of shortening the procedure; consideration of appointment for junior professor, patents, acquisition of third-party funding, medical didactic qualifications, and/or special scientific achievements; and review procedure.	3
We performed a Scopus search over a 10-year period of these journal and created a database of articles and their affiliated institutions.	3
The inverse relationship between the clustering coefficient and the node degree indicates that there is a hierarchical clustered structure in the network.	4
A detailed description of this subject and how our dependent variable was defined is given in Results and Discussion.	0
The aim of this study is to investigate the nature of research outcomes by answering the question of what is structure of scientific publication among nations.	1
The proportion of women among selected reviewers decreased with editor seniority when the editor was male but increased with editor seniority when the editor was female.	4
This study does not require approval from an ethics committee because it performs a bibliometric analysis/citation analysis of the existing published classical studies.	0
The organizational hierarchy, strict division of tasks, and specialization promoted by classical organization theory as the foundation of efficient industrial production emerged early in the development of HEP laboratories.	4
The average size of the cores obtained is higher in the second time period and the average core size is greater in the natural and technical sciences than in the social sciences and humanities.	4
We then discuss how these aspects of DoL are related to team size and interdisciplinarity and test our hypotheses using author contribution data from over 12,000 scientific articles.	3
Using keywords from CSSCI (2003–2012) papers and co-occurrence associations between keywords and scholars, this study completely constructed a narrow-sense CLIS_KS with keywords as BKN.	5
Analyzing citations in doctoral dissertations provides important insight for the library subject specialist into research patterns in their discipline.	5
We found 9571 scientific papers in library and information science and 53,393 in particle physics with CD, accounting for 65.3 % and 74.9 % of the total scientific papers in library and information science (14,652) and particle physics (71,327) respectively in the original dataset, indicating that CD is a common phenomenon in the citation diffusion of scientific papers.	4
For helpful discussions and comments, the authors are grateful to Emiliano Carlevaro, Simon Chang, Shawn Chen, Kevin Fox, Dan Hamermesh, Izan, Alison Preston, Sharon Purchase, Saroja Selvanathan, Diana Soetjipto, Lee Tate, Rod Tyers and participants at seminars at ANU and UWA.	0
The most active countries and institutions and their contribution to QMRA In water quality assessment research were assayed based on the VOSviewer program mapping to relate the documents and authors affiliated to them.	3
Belgium and the United Kingdom acknowledge having a ‘quite accurate idea of where academic journals, institutions, and scholars stand in their respective rankings' (Graph 1),15 and that the distribution of people who ‘regularly consult ratings and rankings on various aspects of their jobs' (Graph 2) is almost identical in each environment.	4
In order to determine the history of IRs, this study uses the historical research method which Buchanan (2008) describes as the gathering of evidence and data about an event or phenomenon in order to locate its history.	3
provide salient information for the evaluation of the h-index with high precision.	5
Overall, the present analysis has shown the development of a Danish research funding system largely mirroring the international trends outlined in the literature.	5
Each article was reviewed for its number of citations, authors, year of publication, journal of publication, subject matter, and level of evidence.	3
In December 2014, we used the Scopus Library database (www.scopus.com) to determine the 100 most cited diabetes articles using the subject category 'Diabetes, diabetes mellitus, and diabetics'.	2
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
3,174 articles were published, 2,272 of them were original articles.	4
The purpose of this article is to identify and critically discuss a set of empirical entry points for studying quality notions in humanities research.	1
The present study was not a subject of review by the Institutional Review Board because it did not include human subjects, materials, or data.	0
We found, in common with previous research, that the h index favoured more prolific producers; these are predominantly men.	5
We use detailed data on 180,000 research papers evaluated during the Italian national research assessment (VQR 2004–2010) conducted by the Agency for the Evaluation of Universities and Research Institutes (Anvur).	2
Also, we want to examine whether nationality, disciplinary domain, maturity level and affiliated university ranking affect the researcher's perceptions of the prerequisites for choosing a research collaborator (RQ2).	1
DescriptiveBC improves bibliographic coupling by employing titles of out-link references in scholarly articles.	3
Among them, the USA led with 2479 articles.	4
Received 4 October 2017; Received in revised form 27 July 2018; Accepted 27 July 2018	0
Another possible way in which FV gradient can be used for prediction is by using the 'close to zero' arcs.	5
The study aims at webometric evaluation of open-access digital repositories of agricultural science in Asia.	1
A search within each IR was completed for each subject (dance, music, and theatre and/or drama).	3
The analysis reveals the existence of five major country blocks, with distinct research specializations.	4
We selected a sample of active scientists who earned their PhD degrees in the field of life sciences in 1996–2011 in Japan for the following reasons.	2
The results of the present study indicate that an affirmative answer is warranted.	5
RQ2: How have gender imbalances in citation impact evolved over time in each country?	1
As already discussed, in the present work the seven Greek medical schools were studied which host 1,803 academic staff members in total of all ranks, namely Lecturers, Assistant Professors, Associate Professors and Professors in ascending order of hierarchy.	2
Our finding supports the existence of a positive network effect running from subscribers to authors.	4
A database of publications for the period 2006–2010 compiled by retrieving data from various bibliographic databases formed the base data for our study.	2
The averages of authors and addresses (from the same country or different) per article were 3.9 and 2.4, respectively.	0
For practical purposes we can group the indicators into four larger categories or sub-disciplines: - Bibliometrics: indicators related to formal publications in journals and books (including chapters, contributions in proceedings, theses, or similar).	3
The research themes identified in the keyword co-occurrence relationship have been represented in a two-dimensional thematic map based on Callon et al. [62] density and centrality scores (Figure 8).	3
The model is implemented in MATLAB (MATLAB and Statistics Toolbox Release 2018b, The MathWorks, Inc., Natick, Massachusetts, United States).	3
To avoid being victimized by questionable journals, researchers should be more familiar with scholarly publishing literacy skills to recognize and avoid publishing scams.	5
This study compared differences in publication level depending upon degree (master's vs.	1
In order to accomplish the RO1, the Crossref API (publication source, publication type and year of publication) and the Scival research analytics tool (Scimago Journal Rank quartile, research disciplines, and collaboration) were used to collect bibliographic data for each of the 20,810 DOIs obtained previously.	3
Harvard University produced 2% of all publications, followed by the University of California (1.1%).	4
For the three data sets, country-specific publication information was downloaded from Scopus for all countries with at least one publication.	2
Finally, we assess the different effect of international collaboration on private and public research impact, and whether there occur differences across research fields.	1
The analysis is based on the CRISTIN database of publications registered as part of the Publication Indicator.	2
Here we collected 440,306 publications published from January 1, 1990 to December 31, 2020, and restricted the publication types to “Article” and “Review” (The same criteria applied to the references).	2
To address research questions la and 1b, we used all 3153 mobility instances to construct mobility profiles for career stages (R2, R3, R4).	3
This article updates the Masuoka, Grofman, and Feld 2002 dataset that identified the then-3,719 faculty in political science PhD-granting departments in the United States.	1
From the Table 8 we can see that, the maximum accuracy of the proposed model is up to 0.88, which means that it is effective in practical applications to predict the cited potential using semantic and metadata information.	4
According to the results of the study, the most important productivity criterion in performance evaluation is “number of documents in Q1 per academic staff” and the most important impact criterion is “h-index excluding self-citations per academic staff.”	4
Using a national survey of academic faculty in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) fields across multiple institution types, we examine how the structure of professional networks affects scholarly productivity and how those effects may differ by race, ethnicity, and gender.	1
* A similar concept for node centrality was introduced as "lobby index" in Ref.	0
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited.	0
Based on a principal-agent model with researchers' hidden abilities, we characterize the optimal journal reward system, where all available journals are assigned to one of several categories or ranks.	3
Conversely, the Press has found that print monograph sales have increased throughout our OA monograph programme, as with the combination of an OA version and a print version, the Press can more effectively market the titles and improve discoverability.	4
Do early reader counts correlate strongly with later citation counts in all fields?	1
In this particular study, analyzing the intellectual landscape of a specific scientific field, we decided that extra pre- processing was not worthwhile.	0
In the social sciences area, the production of new publications has been growing during the last decades.	5
The mapping exercise enabled the development of an efficient search strategy to identify new tools to support the systematic review process.	5
Eighty-five papers were retracted by Scimago Q1 journals.	4
Using blog posts as source material creates difficulties, particularly because, as discussed earlier, they are not always static.	2
Scientists are often considered an example of "soft power” in international relations because they travel, meet colleagues from other countries, develop linkages, and through cooperation they introduce their own country's values and learn about those of other countries, including different scientific cultures.	5
These inquiry sequences and oppositive exchanges produced implicatures for how team members understood the data and directed attention to previously unseen features of a phenomenon.	4
For this purpose, we employ a particular theorem on the eigenvectors of a square matrix (Huntley & Johnson, 1983).	3
Among the most productive countries, only Canada and Japan did not increase the percentage of GDP spent in research over time (Fig.	4
The relation between national culture and the number of self-citations is studied using count data regression models.	3
One key finding in Table 1 and 2 is that “Parasitic and vector diseases”, “HIV/AIDS” and “Tuberculosis” are a priority for most top20 funders.	4
Total number of publications for all 19 scholarship recipients was 842 (Table 3), for a mean average of 44 publications per recipient (median 26; mode 35; range 7–145).	4
Compared with other non-Arab Middle Eastern countries, Arab countries had higher research productivity than some countries and lower than others, particularly Israel.	4
News & World Report (shortly: USN) rankings of law schools as my primary illustrative example.	2
In this paper, we describe the false academy with a particular focus on "predatory publishing", raise the question whether traditional publishing houses have entered the same path as rogue publishers, note that bioethics is a discipline affected by this trend, and, towards the end of the paper, discuss what should be done to eliminate or reduce the effects of this development.	1
Aimed to that, we quantify the trend of diabetes research outputs of Middle East countries focusing on the scientific publication numbers, citations, and international collaboration.	1
These journals are listed in Table 1, along with July 2015 journal rankings from the Comité National de la Recherche Scientifique (CoNRS).	2
About 70% of the citations go to papers published in journals that are classified as focusing on Library and information science.	4
Using estimates from a panel vector autoregressive model with exogenous variables, impulse response functions, and forecast error variance decomposition, we show that decision-making based on university-level data is inappropriate and does not reflect the behavior of individual faculties.	3
Table 1 provides an overview of the variables under study and descriptive statistics.	0
The author would like to express his gratitude to Ulf Heyman, Martin H?llsten, Erik Sandstr?m, and one anonymous referee for their valuable remarks.	0
We use the SIFT algorithm (Lowe 1999) for product detection.	3
The success of this study will allow us to generate a large-scale algorithm citation network from a collection of scholarly documents representing multiple time spans, venues, and fields of study.	5
Web of Science, launched in 1997 and previously known as Web of Knowledge, is a subscription-based abstract and citation database, owned by Clarivate.	2
The purpose of this paper is to explore which characteristics of the article will produce important value for its future citation behavior.	1
Q2) Is there a method to reflect the core structure of the scientific paper?	1
Perhaps too, we should take a lesson from our chemistry subjects as we try to point out what is important in this paper.	0
To measure citation inequality at time step t, we utilized the Gini coefficient of citation distribution in time t, computed by dividing the area between the equal cumulative distribution of citations and the actual cumulative distribution of citations by the area under the curve of the equal cumulative distribution.	3
3 Of 400 institutional repositories listed in the January 2010 Web Ranking of World Repositories, 130 came from the American continent, 193 Europe, 48 Asia, 23 Australia and 6 Africa.	0
2Given that we did not sample from the population of tenure-track and tenured faculty in APA-accredited school psychology programs at the particular point in time of our data collection-but rather examined the entire population- one could argue that statistical tests were not necessary.	0
VoSviewer was used to visualize the co-occurrence networks of author keywords.	3
Overview of our analytical framework to investigate interdisciplinary knowledge integration of the eHealth field.	0
Second, we used LASSO negative binomial regression to select covariates relevant for prediction and to increase predictive accuracy via shrinkage [16, 17].	3
From a geographical perspective, the United States leads in production with 25 articles, amassing a total of 3939 citations.	4
To check for availability of the identified papers in Green model, they were searched on Google and Google Scholar using a conjunctive search formula consisted of their DOIs, titles and first authors' names.	3
Our findings show that forming and splitting are associated with retaining in memory what is currently known, merging and growing with the creation of new knowledge, and splitting, shrinking, and dissolving with the curation of knowledge.	4
Data from 2010 through 2015 indicate the average journal article in PIT was cited 0.87 times (standard deviation [SD] = 0.12) and this estimate was stable over time.	4
L'archive ouverte pluridisciplinaire HAL, est destinée au dép?t et à la diffusion de documents scientifiques de niveau recherche, publiés ou non, émanant des établissements d'enseignement et de recherche fran?ais ou étrangers, des laboratoires publics ou privés.	0
However, we found a considerable decrease in the mean proportion of ECS (co-)authors over the last three decades, which we conclude may be the result of limited number of ECS funded within one project, disincentives for collaboration among ECS, dilution due to many senior scientists co-authors, and additional complexity of interdisciplinary projects.	5
For the third area, it appears that the choice of citation database makes little difference in relative citation comparisons, despite marked differences in absolute counts.	4
CiteSpace is multivariate, time-sharing, dynamic and Java-based citation visualization analysis software, developed by Professor Chen Chaomei from the College of Computing and Informatics at Drexel University, USA (C.	3
How does AKA-funded research at Finnish universities perform in publishing compared with the entire research activity at Finnish universities?	1
Specifically, the general objective of this research was to inform the scientific community about its journey and evolution throughout its existence in WoS.	1
According to the results obtained from examining the articles, the two publishers had published a total of 18,654 APC-OA papers, which is about 4.7 percent of the total number of their published papers in the APCJ (396,760).	4
Out of 762,355 citations from 15,731 articles in the Journal of Immunology (1998–2007), we identified 18,304 as negative (about 2.4% of the total).	4
The research questions posed to guide the study were: 1.	1
The research also finds that publications with authors from elite universities are less likely to be retracted, which is particularly true for retractions due to FFP.	4
This study examines Israeli librarians' perceptions regarding their role and the academic library's role in promoting OA-publications, including the barriers, challenges, needs, and requirements necessary to promote OA publishing.	1
Counter to our expectations, we do not find balanced rhetorical styles to be associated with greater scientific impact.	4
To improve the effective of citation counts prediction, we try to solve the citation counts prediction problem from the perspective of information cascade prediction and take advantage of deep learning techniques.	1
This article presents a case study that combines qualitative and quantitative methods.	3
TP Total number of articles, FP first authored articles, RP corresponding authored articles, SP single authored articles, N/A not available	0
The first study on the subject of Kyphoplasty was conducted in 2001.	4
2020 Open Access This article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, which permits use, sharing, adaptation, distribution and reproduction in any medium or format, as long as you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the Creative Commons licence, and indicate if changes were made.	0
Research variables are: co-authorship patterns that shows the number of authors in articles, the number of publications, the number of received citations, the most productive and the most cited authors, Co-authorship indices (CI, CC, DC), the number of national and international collaborations; NI (Nationalization Index) and INI (Internationalization Index), and the ratio of NI to INI (P), and the structure of co-authorship networks (the number of articles, nodes, links, isolated nodes, co-authorship between two nodes, mean degree and density), the authors having the maximum degree centrality and betweenness centrality, and thirty stronger co-authored relationship in co-authorship networks.	3
A network analysis (NA) of keyword co-occurrences for a broad collection of Data envelopment analysis (DEA) papers in the period 2008–2017 is carried out.	1
Out of a total of 19,876 PhD holders identified, only 669 were found to be working abroad (3.4%), while 1836 foreign PhDs were working in Portugal.	4
Are there differences in the percentages of first quartile (Q1) journals due to the model used?	1
2002) was used to prepare a square matrix of authors.	3
Así, se encontraron 668 registros bibliográficos de documentos indexados en Scopus.	4
The number of articles and the average number of posts per article by discipline	0
The survey was performed based on the availability of publications in the database from 1945 to December 2013.	2
Rating category, sub-discipline and their interaction were treated as fixed predictors, and time (0–5 years) since the rating was awarded was treated as a covariate.	3
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
For each group, we have then computed the average number of author publications, average citations per publication, and average h-index, as measures of productivity and impact.	3
Each interview was recorded on Zoom, both the video and a transcription.	3
In my sample, the incidence of return migration is small, and thus for the vast majority of scientists who stay in the US either (a) the resulting utility from staying in the US relative to the home country is positive (in absolute value) or (b) the professional advantages, pecuniary, reputational or otherwise, of working in the US outweighs the disutility of living in the US relative to the home country.	5
It is reassuring that the increasingly prominent body of open access literature is as reliable (and maybe more so) and of the same quality as the literature published under the model that was the gold standard for scholarly communications in the previous century.	5
We use statistical analysis and Gephi data visualization tool to analyze different publication aspects including institution-level, individual-level and timely distribution of the research productivity related to water resources as well as research collaborations, source journals and research topics.	3
This study set out to develop a prioritized list of neuroactive substances, titled the Environmental NeuRoactive Chemicals (ENRICH) list, to be used as a defined screening library in the evaluation of human biological samples, with emphasis on early childhood-relevant environmental exposures.	1
Peter van den Besselaar is also at Organization Science, VU University Amsterdam, De Boelelaan 1081 HV Amsterdam, The Netherlands; Email: p.vandenbesselaar@rathenau.nl.	0
The next section reviews the related literature and proposed hypotheses for testing.	0
Following prior research that has questioned several key assumptions with the standard Sobel test, (MacKinnon, Lockwood, Hoffman, West, & Sheets, 2002), we conducted a bootstrapping approach to assessing mediation (Shrout & Bolger, 2002).	3
We found that the share of scholarly journals from the ScienceDirect, SpringerLink and Wiley Online consortia cited by University of Primorska researchers' in their scholarly papers has gradually increased every year, ranging from 13.5% in 2010 up to 24.8% in 2014.	4
The original Author Affiliation Index (AAI) formula was set by Harless and Reilly [32] aiming to have an optional ranking for journal quality.	3
No access number is required, but you must provide the name of specific researchers to download their CVs individually.	0
The research adds to a large body of research on scholarly productivity by explicitly modeling social network characteristics as determinants of this critical activity.	5
The fact that an article rejected from a journal can be corrected and amended in accordance with valuable reviewer comments by improving its academic quality and seeking success in other journals may be promising for researchers who submit their articles to journals.	5
The results of this study are consistent with what previous international research has shown.	5
What is the level of academics' use of open access?	1
The dataset also captures 4,258,615 collaboration (co-authorship) relationships and 8,024,869 citation relationships.	2
However, the effect of educational background on research productivity is not significant based on this study.	4
Both observation and interview materials were analysed by following an inductive approach to data analysis inspired by grounded theory (Strauss and Corbin 1990).	3
Mobility is examined by the rank–rank slope, which is simply the regression coefficient of the rank for a given year on those of the previous year.	3
To measure the overlapping degree in publications, for each pair of connected projects, the Jaccard similarity (denoted by SJ) and an overlap ratio (denoted by So) are computed by Eqs.	3
Instead, the best fit is for σ = 1, which is equivalent to counting total citations and is neither breadth nor depth relevant.	5
This article uses a term frequency approach to address this question, using the presence of unusual words in article titles as an indicator of likely topic obscurity.	3
Table 2 shows high correlation coefficients for JIF, X1, X2, Y1, Y2 and Y3.	4
The average SJR of OA journals in 1999 was 0.17, while it was 0.38 for SA journals.	4
(Granted, this is not an exact analogue of the weak market efficiency hypothesis, but perhaps it captures its spirit.)	0
2) 3056 publications of collaborators of the IITP RAS (since 1964 to the date of search).	4
The Appendix provides article, citation and ISCR data for the 96 universities studied, ranked by ISCR.	0
Number of articles, authorships and percentages of male and female authorships in Psychology (Web of Science, WoS, 2009) distributed by Web of Science Categories (WC)	0
Drawing all this together we believe the approach we have developed could add further dimensions to the growing range of approaches that exist to demonstrate the societal impacts from research (Banzi et al.	5
By the closing date of 9 January 2013, we had received 877 responses.	2
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: www.emeraldinsight.com/1012-8255.htm	0
We also prepared inbreeding rates among lab members.	3
The weighted citation metric (AI or SJR) is more closely related to the stated preference metric in 13 of the 15 cases.	4
We cover three recent years for which the fate of submitted papers—about 600 papers to JSCS and 2500 to Entropy—is completely determined.	2
It also provides analytical insights through the application of novel indicators such as x-index and x(g)-index (Lathabai et al.	3
We therefore used patent data directly from the USPTO and parsed the downloaded XML files (https://bulkdata.uspto.gov/) to obtain bibliographic information of patents.	2
Publisher's Note Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
This research explores the impact of interdisciplinarity on the attention scientific research receives from policy documents through regression analysis with Python and StataSE 17.	3
The squares represent measured quantities, while the ovals are conceptual variables	0
PhD holders from US and UK universities are characterized by higher productivity compared to those from other countries.	4
In addition, percent share of world research output was calculated for each year as follows:	0
We argue that our “proof over promise” approach is more “democratic”/inclusive than the original Economics top-40.	5
We answer these questions by exploiting data on 23,926 articles published by 6,105 researchers affiliated with the University of Florida in the period 2008-2013.	2
Each journal was evaluated by three people to check for consistency, and no two evaluators had the same list of journals to evaluate.	3
Between 2009 and 2013, in this category, 15,401 authors have published 20,436 papers and cited 167,649 references involving 78,814 cited authors.	2
Three SlideShare samples were created: general SlideShare documents uploaded during specific dates (2006–2015); SlideShare documents citing academic articles; and SlideShare documents cited by academic articles.	2
We defined a collaboration as the presence of at least one author with an affiliated country other than Jordan.	3
We argue that Bornmann and Marx's (Scientometrics 98(1):487–509, 2014) claim that “One can expect that 25 % of a researcher's publications have been published in the first quartile” is not precise.	5
This kind of research can help to analyze the current progress and development in IE research as well as to progress in a productive and constructive direction (e.g., collaboration among many research communities and corporations).	5
Table 5: Distribution of Malaysian Journals in DOAJ by University Publishers	0
More interestingly, our data strongly support the hypothesis that researchers' structural position is associated with performance measures.	4
Despite the controversy surrounding ‘active researchers' and ‘crackpots', there is consensus both that the categories exist and that it is important that some kind of segregation should exist.	4
Field- and time-normalisation of citation impact is the standard method in bibliometrics.	1
John Kestle for his assistance in statistical evaluations and Elsevier Scopus for providing a short-term complimentary subscription to their database for review purposes.	0
This study addressed the following research questions: 1.	1
The average number of citations for the top 200 journals in 2021, per item published in 2020, was 25.7 (range, 0-270).	4
And although only 17% have committed to the policy of always considering material derived from OAET for revision, this is an increase from the 10% response of the Ramirez et al.	4
Annual average exchange rates between the Romanian RON and the Euro as well as the US dollar are provided for contextual reference based on data from the National Bank of Romania (Retrieved from https://www.bnro.ro/StatisticsReportHTML.aspx?icid=800&table=705&column=); the currency values have been rounded to two digits	0
Once faculty at the School of Law had received the Dean's email, I made one-on-one appointments with Law School faculty members who contacted me.	3
This reference list manipulation (RLM) could take place during the peer-review process, or prior to it.	1
The present study may help to find out the important information on the classic articles.	5
In comparison to paper-to-paper citations, paper-to-patent citations were more concentrated at the beginning of articles.	4
In contrast to quantitative evaluations of the role and value of citations, this study focuses on the qualitative characteristics of citations, in the form of specific patterns of citations that engender original and novel research and those that may not.	5
Department of Sociology, University of Oregon, 1291 University of Oregon, Eugene, OR 97403-1291, USA	0
For example, with respect to international and domestic papers, what are the differences in scientific research output among the 31 province-level administrative regions?	1
This study indicates that extensive authorship networking as well as a high investment in research strongly predict cancer related productivity.	5
The top four candidates are typically unanimously supported by the committee.	4
Finally, in "Feature relevance"section, we perform an analysis of features relevance.	0
We constructed a SPSS data base with the bibliometric information for each one of the authors in the ten research fields included in our diaspora sample.	3
Further, the selection represented different age groups and different years of academic experience.	2
Do frequent users or creators of social media read or publish less in traditional scholarly resources such as journals or books?	1
The 1st objective was to investigate whether COVID-19-related preprints were favored (over non-related) for publication in peer-reviewed journals.	1
Here we focus on the validity of manuscript review decisions in sociology.	1
Figure 2: Four topic communities of Chinese children's bestseller content (top 500 links).	0
Preliminary assessments presented suggest the measure is both reliable and valid.	5
Notably, faculty research and peer quality are associated with award success, while the signal of being at a public institution decreases the likelihood of award receipt.	4
Team science allowed the cohort to develop psychological safety, which ultimately enabled effective team functionality within the larger AIMS project.	4
I used the WOS control dataset to determine the accuracy of multidisciplinary systems.	3
However, no aggregate and statistically significant differences were identified between groups of 50 NMS winners with respect to characteristics related to research performance.	4
We found that the sum of Crossref citations by country was the only dataset for which the power-law was the only plausible distribution.	4
(2016), A study of institutional spending on open access publication fees in Germany.	0
We observe that the greatest contributions are from FSS and from HCA1%.	4
Relatively few studies in the OMS literature failed to produce citations in the 10 years after publication, indicating that most studies accepted for publication provide meaningful contributions.	5
These attempts constitute a third affective technique to govern research in institutional contexts.	4
We construct and validate the algorithm with influencer video ads on TikTok and product sales data on Taobao.	2
The Doris Duke Fellowships for the Promotion of Child Well-Being were designed to identify and nurture emerging scholars committed to child maltreatment prevention and create a supportive interdisciplinary learning network.	1
Therefore, it would be necessary to accompany the short-term impact factor with some measure for the tail of the citation distribution, such as those presented in this paper, to provide a more accurate idea of the real impact of said journal.	5
Moreover, the MESH agencies co-funded in the two years studied coincided; however, it must be said that the number of agencies which participated in research funding also increased.	4
Our findings suggest that institutions should make Rl education attractive for all and tailor training to disciplinary-specific contexts.	4
Note that all curves in our figures (except in Figure 1 and superimposed on bar plots) are smoothed using local polynomial regression.	0
A systematic review of research publications by faculty at MakCHS (PubMed and Google Scholar from January 1, 2000, to June 30, 2015) to quantify the number of research articles, areas researched, authorship contribution by MakCHS faculty, source of funding, as well as affiliated local and international collaborations.	2
2017), this study introduces the P-Rank algorithm into the interdisciplinary analysis to improve its performance from a pure popularity dimension to a prestige dimension.	3
The results also show the importance of exogenous factors, such as GDP, population size, and geographical distance, as well as endogenous network factors, including preferential attachment and transitivity.	4
The aim of this study was to identify and characterize the 100 most cited articles on lung cancer screening.	1
As an example, we analysed the Biomedical Research Networking Centres in Spain and, for the exploratory investigation, we selected two disciplines (Psychiatry and Gastroenterology/ Hepatology).	1
Table IV shows that among the 459 publications, 211 (40%) have been cited 1,020 times; while 248 (60%) of the papers have not been cited even once, so about 60% of the papers were invisible to world science during the study period.	4
Different analytical techniques like three-field plot, cluster analysis, co-occurrence networks, and thematic evolution are used to investigate patterns and focus areas in published studies.	3
We specifically focus on the implications of the existence of different conceptions of European integration (logics) on the emerging landscape of research funding programs jointly managed by the European Union (EU) and National States (joint programs).	1
In our study, the funding from NSSFC has an impact on the distribution of research topics at the award and paper levels of LIS, which indicates the effect of scientific research funding policies on the direction of academic research.	5
Therefore, the implications of this study needs to be discussed with caution.	0
Descriptive title was considered the one that describes the only subject of the article without revealing conclusion or results.	3
The analyses had been performed by using IBM SPSS-20 (Statistical Package for Social Sciences, Chicago, Illinois, USA).	3
The bibliometric analysis reveals a substantial number of Diamond OA journals in the social sciences and humanities, but limited adoption in other fields.	4
The reason for the low correlation between the two metrics is likely multifactorial.	5
the impact in terms of research ability and skills of the researchers and his/her team; 2.	3
The study design is based on a purposeful selection of cases of research projects that had received societally targeted funding and that are most similar on specified funding variables that made them more suitable for comparison (Seawright and Gerring 2008).	2
Our objective was to determine how the academic research community responded to a governmental policy that intended to promote RCR training but left the details of the curriculum to the discretion of the academic institutions themselves.	1
2 Note that the North-West University in this paper refers to the information of the Potchefstroom campus only.	0
To compare across SS&H disciplines, we draw sample papers from the leading Taiwanese journals in the following areas: Chinese literatures, Chinese history, arts, sociology, economics, and laws.	2
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
We collect papers published between 1986 and 2015 in Computer Science and Physics, from the AMiner citation network dataset (version 12) and the Web of Science database, respectively (see Materials and methods).	2
Higher submission costs can increase the information contained in the authors' submission decisions, especially in the model presented in this paper, where the authors are more informed about paper quality than the editor.	5
This brings us to the objective of the present study, which is to investigate in a more qualitative manner the added value of the lexical component in hybrid clustering and analyse how it influences the outcome of different cluster solutions.	1
To do this, we treat patented inventions as carriers of technologies and avail ourselves of the elaborate system of technology codes used by the United States Patent and Trademark Office to classify the technologies responsible for an invention's novelty.	1
Table 4 shows that the annual cumulation of ranking shifts is negative for US institutions but positive for non-US institutions.	4
We have performed an analysis of the distribution of citations to articles in anaesthesia journals using the Web of Science online citation index platform.	1
Overall, MHS articles in questionable journals were significantly less impactful than MHS articles in non-questionable journals.	5
The United States is the strongest country in terms of orthopedic research: US authors published the greatest number of orthopedics articles, and those articles have the highest total number of citations and average citations per article.	5
the CCES Management, consisting of the Executive Office, the Steering Board, the Delegate of the Steering Board, and the Advisory Board, and 2.	3
To construct it, we first obtained all publications by the 169 scientists between 2000 and 2014.	3
Ngoaketsi (ngoakmj@ unisa.ac.za) is based at the Department of Information Science, University of South Africa Muckleneuk Campus, Pretoria, South Africa.	0
In our setting, the likelihood of treatment (i.e., receiving funding) is largely determined by the score of each proposal52,79.	0
What is the purpose and future of forest policy research (FPR)?	1
However, it must be emphasized that, in spite of the fact that the data relative to the personnel at University of Extremadura show a clear masculine predominance, the figures approximate quite well to the national average, both being situated above the European average.	0
The terms on which this article has been published allow the posting of the Accepted Manuscript in a repository by the author(s) or with their consent.	0
Pre-registrations (of hypotheses, materials and analytic procedures) were much more common for COVID-related studies (32.5% including registered reports) than for non-COVID studies (11.0%) or pre-COVID studies (7.4%).	4
Even though many science journals, traditional and OA, claim to be peer reviewed, the truth is that different levels of peer review occur, and in some cases no, insufficient, or pseudo-peer review takes place.	1
Of a total of 12,137 authorships, gender could be identified in 11,023 (90.8%).	2
Guided by our conceptual framework, we capture division of labor using a number of complementary measures.	3
(RQ1) What are the dynamic trends of temporal diversity in scientific papers over the past 70 years?	1
As far as the hypothesis under scrutiny is concerned, the statistical significance of Cit—or Dif—plays a major role.	4
Bibliometrics was defined as "the application of mathematical and statistical methods on books and other media of communication".	1
It provides for an examination of the behaviours and attitudes of academic researchers as producers and consumers of scholarly information resources in the digital era in respect to how they determine authority and trustworthiness in the sources they use, cite, and publish in.	1
The authors thank Catriona Geras and Simon James for correcting earlier versions of the article.	0
As the last column in Table 1 shows, none of the 25 citations is a self-citation.	4
The leadership of an institution is measured by the following three criteria: (a) the institution frequently plays the corresponding rule in papers with other institutions; (b) the institution frequently plays the corresponding rule in longer distance and even cross-linguistic-border collaborations; (c) the participating institutions led by the institution have high leadership status themselves.	3
We have identified a set of time-dependent and -independent indicators and ranked them for importance in differentiating a set of breakthrough publications from a comparison group.	5
This study aimed to evaluate the impact of institutional research promoting policies and organizational characteristics on research productivity in Vietnam universities.	1
Table 3 displays the net change in rejection rates for each journal from the time the original article appeared to the resubmission date for this study.	0
For the bibliographic search, we used the following keywords: Mexico [affiliation] AND (bioinformatics OR ‘computational biology' OR (computational AND genomics) OR (computational AND transcriptomics) OR (computational AND proteomics) OR bioinformatics [Journal] OR (computational AND protein) OR (computational AND DNA) OR (computational AND RNA) OR (Systems biology))”.	2
Evolution of a new scientific field as sketched by Hambrick and Chen (2008).	0
After invoking thresholds and filtering, three methods are explored: A very exclusive one where only the highest cited article in a micro-cluster is considered as a potential breakthrough article (M1); as well as two conceptually different methods, one that detects potential breakthrough articles among the 2% highest cited articles according to CSS (M2a), and finally a more restrictive version where, in addition to the CSS 2% filter, knowledge diffusion is also considered (M2b).	3
Acta Orthopaedica et Traumatologica Turcica (AOTT) has emerged as one of the leading journals in orthopedics, with a notable increase in international publications in the last decade.	5
The University of Granada and China cited IJUFKS publications the most out of all other institutions and countries, respectively.	4
Hence, we argue that paying a $3,000 HOA fee is not a very impressive investment, either for individual authors or universities that have the objective to raise their research profiles.	5
Second, the observed countries perceived as lagging behind in terms of transatlantic collaboration in strategic management are mostly those belonging to the former post-soviet bloc including countries of Eastern and Central Europe.	5
TC3 and CiteScore data were downloaded from Scopus Journal Metrics.	2
To cite this article: Ludo Waltman, Rodrigo Costas & Nees Jan van Eck (2012) Some Limitations of the H Index: A Commentary on Ruscio and Colleagues' Analysis of Bibliometric Indices, Measurement: Interdisciplinary Research and Perspectives, 10:3, 172-175, DOI: 10.1080/15366367.2012.716260	0
KMRP has emerged as a platform for high-quality academic research on knowledge management.	5
GS listings for 982 articles in several academic subjects from three universities were analyzed for GS version types, including any institutional repository versions, citation rates, and availability of free full-text.	2
The snapshots run from left to right in the first row and continue from the left of the second row.	0
We calculated the chances of promotion with a competing risk model to take time into account and to disentangle the probability of two mutually exclusive risk events: promotion and leaving the university.	3
Therefore, it is of practical significance to comprehensively evaluate the discourse power of academic journals from the two dimensions of discourse influence and discourse leading.	5
In conclusion, as partaking in the screening process of journals is honorable for scholars (Kaufman 1984), the journals should be wary of potential bias in the appointment of their editors and editorial board members which may damage their academic integrity.	5
This article has been accepted for publication and undergone full peer review but has not been through the copyediting, typesetting, pagination and proofreading process, which may lead to differences between this version and the Version of Record.	0
(RQ2): Which are the main dimensions of online impact captured by author-level metrics?	1
As a result, we found two primary booster papers and three secondary booster papers that renewed the interest in the 1985 Physics Nobel Prize paper.	4
All of the articles are classified into one of seven scientific fields of computer science: 1.	2
Thus, it is clear that more empirical studies are needed to evaluate the effectiveness of different peer review approaches, in order to provide funders with a sound evidence-base about what and how practices can be implemented to help inform decision-making in research fund allocation.	5
Chase-slope curves of three-year bursts for seven bibliometric traits of levodopa papers	0
Full Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http://www.tandfonline.com/action/journalInformation?journalCode=cshe20	0
Across papers and patents, the probability of disruption P(D > 0) falls from 28% to 22% for papers (P value < 0.001 for two-sided Student's t-test), and 67% to 55% for patents (P value < 0.001), as collaboration distance increases from 0 km to more than 600 km—approximately the distance between Paris and Frankfurt (Fig.	4
This does not alter adherence to PLOS ONE policies on data sharing.	0
(2015), we categorized a published journal article as a replication study if its main purpose is to test the reliability of a previously published study.	3
(1) What kind of coordination structure of innovation promotors is accelerating public-subsidized innovation?	1
Hence, early firm engagement moderates the inverted U-shaped relationship such that at low levels of research funding, early firm engagement can improve the quality of public knowledge production, and at high levels of research funding, early firm engagement can further reduce the quality of public knowledge production.	4
The purpose of the present study was to analyze the alternative metric scores of highly cited recently published articles on the ACL and to assess the relationship between alternative and traditional metrics.	1
The USA has contributed 254 articles (20.19%), while India (6.5%) and Canada (5.1%) are in the second and third positions, respectively.	4
For them to be able to take on these future tasks as independent, self-sustaining adults, the youth needs not only education but also protection and support in various aspects of their development.	0
In this contribution two main indicators are used: the growth rate and the relative priority index (RPI), also known as activity index, relative specialization index or Balassa index.	3
Search engine query data are timelier than business data.	5
The pre-specified blockmodeling procedure was performed using the Pajek program.	3
The discussion is informed by experiences with robotic surgery and vascular devices.	2
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by emerald-srm:277069 []	0
The two distinct forms of grey literature described herein require different techniques to obtain, but to date they have been lumped in reviews using a generalist approach, which threatens efforts and rigour of grey literature searches.	5
The feasibility and reliability of the proposed method were validated on a case study in the IS application.	5
The second area of research focuses on the utilization of adjuvant substances.	5
Such a guide can also provide a check on predatory journals, a fear of which may be unduly limiting researchers tapping into the expanding global scale of research activity.	1
Institutional contexts influenced Kenyan scientists' professional activities and productivity.	5
year of publication) for two periods: the time period before the discovery of PCR (polymerase chain reaction) in 1990 and after that (after 1990).	3
Reporting guideline endorsement rates are low and information is vague and scattered.	5
As a result, the V2 version consisted of 72,336 articles.	2
An online literature search of seven research databases was undertaken to identify orthodontic articles published in English language over a 12-month period (1 January-31 December 2022) (last search: 12 June 2023).	2
The regression analysis revealed a statistically significant and negative association between the IF and the research approach diversity.	4
We suggest that it is important to: attract foreign and internationally collaborated contributions; select reviewers and authors in citing journals of high IF; establish multidirectional collaboration with institutions that frequently publish/cite literatures and those with priority disciplines; dynamically and intensively track and analyze the terms of hot publications; and redesign the website and adopt advance digital publication.	5
Our approach to interviews was open ended so that respondents would self-identify the qualities that they felt had been most beneficial in their collaborations.	3
Classified in first place, the United Kingdom mainly contributed references on the theme of business models, followed by the United States and Taiwan.	4
Here we present a systematic, large-scale, and multidisciplinary analysis of the SB phenomenon in science.	1
C2 is the scaled citation count of a paper, defined by:	3
For node construction, we have introduced (i) Graph-based Variable Clustering (GVC) to optimize feature selection and remove redundancies by analyzing multi-collinearity and (ii) Encoder-Decoder based Dimensionality Reduction (EDDR) using transformer-based techniques to reduce feature dimensions while keeping important information intact about textual embeddings.	3
This study used the Mendeley application programming interface (API) to download the Mendeley counts (broken down by different user types of publications in Mendeley) for a comprehensive F1000Prime data set.	1
For the syntax rules of search queries, see the Web of Science Core Collection Help: http://images.webofknowledge.com/WOKRS5251R3/help/WOS/hp_search.html).	0
The aggregate IFs of EM and 11 other categories (cardiac and cardiovascular systems, clinical neurology, critical care medicine, gastroenterology and hepatology, infectious diseases, general and internal medicine, pediatrics, respiratory system, surgery, toxicology, and urology and nephrology) were collected from 2003 to 2019.	2
Recibido el 27 de noviembre de 2019; aceptado el 24 de diciembre de 2019	0
The University of Texas Dallas provides an online ranking of business schools on published articles in a set of 24 journals across all major disciplines dating back to 1990 (UTD Database 2020).	2
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
For the top 10, there was a 100% agreement with different ranks while there was only a 60% agreement among the bottom 10.	4
For example, it is different from credibility when involving the effectiveness of technological capability, like a "trust system" frequently used in computer technology (Stefik, 1999).	0
Impact factors were taken from Journal Citation Reports (JCR) Science Edition of 2013.	2
The combination of academic elitism and metric cultures means that the kinds of books and editorial processes described by Gandy have long been untenable for most early career academics in the UK.	5
Co-authorship based on article databases is often used to analyze IRCs in S&T.	0
Among 231 theses, 110 (48%) resulted in publications, of which 95% were original articles (OA) and 74% were resident first-author publications.	4
We use propensity score matching to find a match for each academic.	3
(2020), uses collaboration type as an additional normalisation factor to those already considered by Standard CNCI.	3
The majority of the NSA endorsed a moderate position, accepting to participate in the creation of a census and considering relative qualification as unproblematic when relating to volumes of activities, without any direct implication in terms of measurement of quality.	4
We identified two main drivers of the demand for pirated knowledge: the presence of knowledge-intensive economic activity and GDP.	5
Step 2 Exploratory factor analysis (EFA) (Norris & Lecavalier, 2010) was performed to determine the number of factors retained in T100SPINE, with keywords in columns and article (denoted by PMID, PubMed identification number) in rows.	3
We find that disciplinary knowledge dissimilarity, period effect, and publication strategy correlate positively and significantly with scientists' number of publications in IDR journals.	4
Secondly, we analyze the moderate effect of the economic environment at the country and city levels.	5
After that, the resulting indicators for the following two years are predicted with Multi-Task Least-Squares Support Vector Machine (MTLS-SVM) (Xu, An, Qiao, & Zhu, 2014) due to underling unknown relatedness amongst different indicators (Rotolo et al., 2015) and different topics.	3
In this paper, we present a large-scale study of the subject by analyzing the success of two major scientific entities-papers and authors—in Computer Science and Physics.	1
By country, download requests were most frequent from China (17,975 of 105,075; 17.1%), India (7,969; 7.6%), and Iran (7,327; 7.0%), but on a per capita basis, were most common in Portugal (210.8 per 1,000,000 population), Chile (135.4), and Tunisia (113.8).	4
We first converted the coupling matrix into a similarity matrix.	3
risky research) if their conditions are not experienced as frictional or intrusive (Hellstr?m and Hellstr?m 2020; Hellstr?m and Jacob 2017).	3
This plot also indicates the average number of years that an author usually takes to start contributing to the ith field.	0
Using a scientometric method with a comparative approach, the present communication aims to study women performance in Nano Science & Technology in terms of their scientific productivity and impact and to contrast them to their male counterparts.	1
The period of 20 years was chosen because it catches a wide range of publications and allows to present the evolution of approaches to the evaluation of the arts.	0
Each name in the lists of authors was then characterised as CHI, EUR, IND, MAL or OTH, and the fractions from each group on each paper were calculated.	3
It overtook the USA in terms of numbers of publications in 2006, and is now the source for the largest volume of research in the field, producing more than twice as many publications as USA and more than ten times as many as do Japan and the UK.	4
This was based on title words for the names of the respiratory diseases separated with Boolean operator “OR” (“asthma OR bronchiectasis OR cystic fibrosis OR CFTR OR COPD OR chronic obstructive respiratory disease OR emphysema OR mucoviscidosis”), and four specialist journals: “COPD-Journal of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease OR International Journal of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease OR Journal of Asthma OR Journal of Cystic Fibrosis”.	3
2 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY— 2013	0
Is there a statistically significant difference between the plagiarised post ratios in the posts written before and after the feedback provided?	1
To Scholars, Scientists, Archivists, Librarians, Editors, Authors and all others interested in scientific aids to learning:	0
Therefore, we can conclude that the Serbian research competency index is not an adequate measure to compare researchers from different scientific disciplines, and it should be avoided in strategic and administrative decision making.	5
In the Web of Science (Clarivate analytics), we sourced 21 486 research articles on cave environments published over the last 30 years.	2
In this study, data were retrieved from the WoS Core Collection database to show a bibliometric analysis of IJUFKS.	2
This is in line with recent studies1 pointing out that the most impactful pieces of work in scientific disciplines are equally likely to be located in any position throughout the entirety of an individuals output, and is therefore not predictable.	0
The left corresponds to cosmic rays, and the right corresponds to quantum mechanics and the theory of relativity.	4
How does the discourse power of academic journals form?	1
6a-g, the most predominant forms of OA are Green and Gold.	4
The Propensity Score Matching (PSM) approach is used to control for selection bias using counterfactuals.	3
Researchers have assessed author contributions in the medical literature and other research fields, but similar data for the field of ecological research are lacking.	1
The effect of openness is positively significant (β = 0.6295, p < 0.01), supporting H1 that openness to international collaboration positively impacts on knowledge creation.	4
We have confirmed that, in general, first and last authors make the most of the contributions to a scientific manuscript.	5
This paper presents a methodology to evaluate the relative performance of social groups when their achievements are described by distributions of outcomes over an ordered set of categories.	1
*The authors wish to thank Ted Bergstrom, an anonymous referee, and the members of the Lafayette College NERDS seminar for helpful comments.	0
Typical examples would be regional journals with high acceptance rates, and editorial boards that have few leading researchers from top international institutions.	0
To illustrate the problem, we use research conducted on the International Space Station, a canonical Big Science project with high construction (over $100 billion) and annual operating (over $2 billion) costs and a goal of generating transformational scientific advances and significant commercialization opportunities.	2
As this returns a scalar value for each database, we compute X = ∑x as a proxy for the total research output of the institution.	3
These findings contribute by revealing the hidden pattern of intellectual structures and research trends in hospitality research and overcoming the weaknesses of traditional co-citation analysis.	5
Skeletal anchorage related articles dominated the production of the decade 1999-2008 while new technologies as CBCT displayed a higher prevalence in the last decade, where new topics such as Corticotomy assisted orthodontics started to appear.	4
Can an automatic method accurately identify mentions of books in online academic syllabi or course reading list with sufficient coverage to be useful?	1
Here, we develop and publicly release a general pipeline to investigate the scholarly history of the term, analysing 425,144 academic publications that refer to (de)centralization.	1
Next, our research method is outlined, followed by the main results of two, empirical case studies that borrow from two real-world conferences, including a thorough comparative study.	0
Thirdly, EFA using principal axis factoring analysis with varimax rotation would be employed to explore the structure of the PPQ-r-C among Sample 1 if the results of CFA were less satisfied.	3
The country most often citing articles that were published in Human & Experimental Toxicology was the United States, which made citations in 1508 documents, followed by India with citations in 792 documents.	4
In this work, we propose assessing the consistency between the textual content of the review reports and the assigned scores at a fine-grained level, including word, sentence and aspect levels.	1
The results show a slight overall tendency (median Pearson correlation of ?0.13) among the 25 most productive countries for size (share of the world's populations) to negatively correlate with impact (relative to the world average: MNLCS) 1996–2015 (Table 1).	4
Details on databases SSOAR, RIAN.ie, and Opin Vísindi can be found in the report (Sīle et al.	0
The top cited publications unrelated to COVID-19 can be grouped in three categories: recommendations or guidelines, processing software, and analysis methods.	4
Let the papers by an author be arranged into a set of ordered classes according to the number of their citations, so that class i (i > 0) contains n?	3
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
We also found that 35% of the cited publications with many occurrences in our dataset concern research on T cells.	4
We studied both the presence and distribution of altmetrics in the set of publications, across fields, document types and over publication years, as well as the extent to which altmetrics correlate with citation indicators.	1
Analysis supported the identification of a fourth category of drivers: 'moral'—next to the well-recognised gold, ribbon, and puzzle drivers—and demonstrated their importance for performance in the civil society and state-governmental domains, two domains that have been underserved in previous studies.	4
For this analysis, the universities were divided into three major groups, in accordance with the universities' position in the Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) ranking, where this position serves as a proxy for determining a university's level of research intensity (see below).	3
6 Multiple versions of this ranking are circulating in the Web while its real origin and the ranking methodology is unknown.	0
Results show similarities in the relative importance of research disciplines among most high-income countries, with larger idiosyncrasies appearing among the remaining countries.	4
The United States was the main producer, followed by Germany, and Japan.	4
In summary, we do not see one dominant factor disadvantaging female researchers in the publishing process, but a series of small but significant results.	5
Descriptive observational studies and analytical observational studies had, respectively, a 55-fold (odds ratio [OR]: 55.12; 95% confidence interval [95%CI]: 7.41-409.84) and 19-fold (OR: 19.28; 95%CI: 3.09-120.31) higher likelihood of being COVID-19 papers, respectively, and also a higher probability of having a smaller sample size (OR: 7.15; 95%CI: 2.33-21.94).	4
Results show that the share of bookmarks by US users fell from 22.5% at the beginning of the study period to 19.0% at the end, whereas the share in countries with a lower GDP increased from 17.8% to 24.6%.	4
This analysis revealed that predatory publishing in nursing continues to exist despite studies and discussions among academic communities about the significance and seriousness of this problem.	5
In total, the article metadata from 17,536 journals was retrieved and 6,323,484 articles met the selection criteria.	2
This approach provides an alternative numerical description of journal response at any point in time.	0
The biggest disciplinary variation is found in Elaboration, which is greatly utilized in hard disciplines (M=0.12, SD=0.25) than in soft disciplines (M=0.06, SD=0.20).	4
Our results indeed confirm the existence of the "essential tension" with scientists balancing between exploring the boundaries of their area and exploiting previous work.	4
For continuity, the same color scheme is used for stratification of income groups in all figures.	0
CA-Corresponding author, SCP: Single or Intra-country publication, MCP: Multiple or Inter-country publication.	0
News (SAT/ACT scores, faculty compensation, and financial resources per student) were collected from IPEDS, and the subfactors were estimated according to U.S.	2
The research carried out by the first author of this paper, Carmen Lopez-Illescas, is funded by a grant of the Ministry of Science & Education of Spain for the training of university teachers.	0
This rigorous filtering process resulted in a total of 61,943 gold OA publications, providing a robust dataset for analysis.	2
From the Table 1, it is important to note that only articles and reviews were considered in this analysis, resulting on 14,754 papers published during 109 years (papers can be considered in more than one main category).	2
There are 81 policy items for Russia, issued by state and government entities including the Russian Federal Assembly, the legislature; the Government of the Russian Federation, the executive; the Ministry of Education and Science, the Ministry of Energy, the Ministry of Economic Development, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Industry and Trade and other cabinet and non-cabinet departments and agencies.	2
3 in the table), for example, can be considered as the first in a series of studies using "author co-citation analysis” (ACA) at the School of Library and Information Science at Drexel University.	4
Note Slice length is 1 and top 15% are selected per slice	0
1 A comprehensive framework for designing intellectual structure based on co-word analysis	0
With an average of 3.85 citations per document, the ECESR journal appears to be well-received in the scientific community, indicating significant influence and recognition of the published works.	4
The rationale for the selection of the period is to concentrate on a recent collection, while observing an acceptable citation window from the publication year to the data gathering date (started in January 2016).	2
This paper introduces publication authorship as a complement to these established approaches.	1
We used the query of bibliometric* and data was extracted from Science Citation Index (SCI) and Social Science Citation Index (SSCI)	2
It is the proportion of the institutional publications which belong to the 10% most frequently cited publications in their subject area and publication year.	3
The global Google trend for neuropsychiatric disorders and machine learning techniques during the observation period (1-Jan-2010 to 30-Nov-2020) has been also explored.	2
This was verified independently by two researchers to ensure maximum validity.	0
(2021), the field of sustainability research was operationalized by using the category Green & Sustainable Science & Technology in the JCR classification (66 journals were associated with the category at the time of the data collection, March 2022).	2
or A+(excellent), four get B+(very good), and five get B?	2
The frequency distribution of papers in Table 3 indicates that America is the largest contributor publishing 2,800 papers.	4
Specialist journals overall do not fare well in the rankings.	5
The arrow indicates that the later innovation built upon the earlier one	0
The bibliographic data were retrieved from the Scopus database on February 4, 2020, from 1975 to 2019.	2
Findings from this study contribute to a better understanding of the relationships among different metrics and provide guidance for using them effectively in different contexts.	5
This study focuses on the effect of the tenure track on faculty publications in highly cited journals, thereby enriching our understanding of the relationship between the tenure track system and research excellence.	1
The symbol x represented the year, and f(x) was the cumulative volume of papers by year.	0
These results are in accordance with results found by Hudson (1996) who analyzed eight leading economics journals using observations from the period 1950 to 1993.	0
Searches of the GS database were completed by May 1, 2015.	2
In this paper, we apply BERTopic, a state-of-the-art topic modeling technique to extract topics in LIS.	3
Bibliometric analysis is applied in this study, aiming to conduct an objective and scientific study of the academic publishing based on published researches by adopting the statistical results from the WOS database.	3
As a unique altmetric data source, Goodreads can allow scholarly authors from the social sciences and humanities to measure the wider impact of their books.	5
Heidelberg University's odds for PPtop-10% equals 2,168/ 12,176 = 0.18.	4
In terms of total publications over the TR-Part B lifetime (TP in Table 4), Hai Yang, Carlos Daganzo (“Carlos F.	4
For the entire sample of articles, 4,369 in-text citations did not match any source in the list of references (4%), and 8,683 cited references did not match any in-text citation (11.6%).	4
The majority of publications in the field of digoxin toxicity research were published by high-income countries, with negligible contribution from low- and middle-income countries.	5
A special thanks goes to Ronit Kolar who has been especially helpful over the last years.	0
We found clear evidence that collaborators do suffer consequences of their colleagues' misconduct and that a retraction for fraud has higher consequences than a retraction for error.	4
Second, interdisciplinarity between projects can be measured to assess any possible difficulties to communicate, but also the interdisciplinarity value of joint research.	5
In this article, the authors answer the question of whether the field of scientometrics/bibliometrics shares essential characteristics of "metrics" sciences.	1
Therefore, it seems to be that the most promising strategy to obtain intelligence specialisation is in investment programs that complement the abilities and pre-existing infrastructures within a region (Hausmann and Hidalgo, 2009).	5
Competing Interests: The author has declared that no competing interests exist.	0
It still remains to be seen whether in fact quality may be conflated with influence in this way.	0
As can be seen in Figure 3, the main co-authorship for academic misconduct research exist among three countries: the USA, the UK and Australia.	4
Among those respondents who saw some impact, the most favourable perceptions were those of RAE 2008's impact on the development of departmental research cultures (44% saw it strengthening under the influence of the RAE) and on research quality (37%), followed by research capacity, opportunities for early career researchers, and the volume of externally-funded research in the department (each with 31% of respondents noting increases under the influence of the RAE).	4
The query parser processes SearchQuery structs, parsing and preparing the filters for querying.	3
In this study, government information represented 53% of the grey literature citations for both years.	4
The visualization method StructureFlow can distinctly demonstrate the evolution of the hierarchical structure for a discipline, from which we can conveniently observe the emergence, disappearance, merging, and splitting of child-topics within each topic.	5
The self-cited rate is a measure that identifies the ratio of a journal's self-citations to the number of times it is cited by all journals (Rousseau, 1999).	3
This article may be used for research, teaching, and private study purposes.	0
Chinese Academy of Sciences and Shanghai Jiao Tong University were among the ten most productive institutes in the world, and their basic metrics and collaboration patterns were compared with other institutes, especially two institutes from Japan.	4
sole, first, or coauthor) probability vary, if at all, across strata of academia, aside from individual factors (i.e.	1
We wondered whether someone could find an interpretation for this change.	0
The second indicator, Xij, is the share of excellent outcomes of a university in a research area with respect to share of excellent outcomes in the area.	3
We pay particular attention to how connected authors are (first- and second-order degree centrality), attributes of authors' collaborative relationships (including the “quality” and other characteristics of these ties), tendencies towards gender homophily (proportion of same-gender ties), and the nature of men's and women's interdisciplinary and international reach.	1
(?) Let F∈ P(I1) ∩ P(I4) ∩ P(I5) and take any x < y, x ∈ ]", y ∈ ]m.	0
The 775 scientific journal papers were obtained from the North Korean academic database operated by the Korean Institute of Science and Technology Information (KISTI) available at http://nktech.net.	2
Moreover, for around one-third of patents with scientific references, the inventor did not explicitly report on scientific literature having contributed to the inventive process (cf.	4
The first phase of this research project focuses on papers published in the Journal of the Association for Information Science (JASIS).	2
The volume of the presented sample frame is about 200 state scientific organizations.	0
We conducted a principal component analysis (PCA) to examine item redundancy among the 20 items to assess peer-review report included in the survey.	3
Table 2 shows that German political scientists publish more books, edited books, and book chapters (51 %) than journal articles (22 %).	4
We characterize the scientific fitness of each nation—that is, the competitiveness of its research system-and the complexity of each scientific domain by means of a non-linear iterative algorithm able to assess quantitatively the advantage of scientific diversification.	1
The articles were characterized by citation number, publication year, topic, study type, authorship, journal, country, and institute of responding author and foundation.	3
Basic data for a sample of 2,132 sociology faculty at four-year U.S. colleges and universities were found online at the Integrated Postsecondary Education Data System (IPEDS) Data Center (National Center for Education Statistics 2017).	2
This is equivalent to the original definition by Egghe (2006) in terms of the sum of citations	0
The overall quality of academic journals is not only higher but also steadier.	4
Although copyediting was associated with reduced reference inaccuracy in the current study, copyediting did not significantly reduce major author errors.	5
The trend of author self-citation was found to be high while that of journal self-citation was low when compared with already prevalent literature.	5
Contrary, China has profoundly globalized its science system, gradually moving from the lowest globalization figures to the world average.	4
1b is virtually insensitive to self-citation: the intercept of the line (in Excel) is 0.00, the slope is 1.00, and the correlation is 1.00.	4
The keywords, titles, and abstracts of articles were collected from WOS; details are provided in Section 3.1.	2
An adjustment index (AI) was calculated using the following formula AI = [raw results from each country / GDP per capita of the country]*1000, where the GDP per capita = GDP/population of the country.	3
In this study we distinguish between productive breadth and depth and link them separately with the following theoretically-relevant individual-level variables: 1) a pair of the “Big Five” personality variables (openness to experience and conscientiousness), chosen in part because we expected to them to differentially relate to the two productivity facets, 2) a pair of individual differences, performance and learning goal orientations, known to have differential, yet varying, relationships with job performance (Porath & Bateman, 2006), and 3) exploratory (vs.	1
This study focused on the relationship between the collaboration and knowledge structures in an interdisciplinary research project and the static and dynamic characteristics of the co-author and co-word networks obtained from bibliographic information.	5
A total of 4742 publications were found, 2552 (53.8%) of them were articles.	4
We investigate the practicalities of assessing book outputs in different countries, concentrating on evaluation based on the prestige of book publishers (e.g.	1
2014[10]and total Plan and Non-plan grants for XI plan 2007-2012[11]for the 39 Central Universities.	2
Two core techniques are used in VOSviewer: VOS mapping and VOS clustering.	3
Specifically, the broad intent (why do we participate?) was found to increase the impact of undisciplinary approaches that served as drivers for engagement.	4
We employed chi-squared tests to determine whether statistically significant differences existed between the expected frequencies of values in various categories of research and the observed frequencies.	3
Conclusion 4 Journals with a high short-term attractive strategy (represented by a high JIF) could also have a high long-term influence (represented by a high AA).	5
is the number of co-occurrences of words i and j (the cosine for- mula is in fact the square root of the inclusion index for word i, multiplied with the inclusion index for word j, see [9]).	0
Only twenty-five authors (as first author or co-author) contributed five or more papers.	0
Publication distribution of top five countries/territories in KM (Source: SSCI database).	0
We found a small but significant positive correlation (0.18) between the MELIBEA “strength” score and deposit percentage.	4
Did these policy changes in psychological journals lower the quality threshold for published articles?	1
An algorithm called Fast Greedy was applied to the bipartite network to automatically detect communities, i.e., sets of researchers and disciplines that have more ties with each other than with the rest of the network (Csardi 2018).	3
All content following this page was uploaded by Adriano Sanches Melo on 19 May 2015.	0
In univariate analysis, chi-square, Fisher's test, Student's t test or simple linear regression were used, as appropriate.	3
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available on Emerald Insight at: https://www.emerald.com/insight/1468-4527.htm	0
F1000Prime is a post-publication peer review system for papers from the biomedical area.	2
The descriptive survey research method was adopted for the study.	3
One of the objectives of undergraduate research is to introduce students to the practice of research and its ethical principles and disciplinary norms (Wenzel 2000, 2004).	5
China is the best performing BRICS country, with PPtop1% = 0.7% and PPtop10% = 7.7%.	4
This research tries to determine the paper visibility effect on the citations of two different researchers (researcher “A” with a social science background and researcher “B” with computer science education) from different disciplines and universities.	2
Current citation count for each article was obtained with a Python script which used a publicly available Application Programming Interface (API) from Crossref; an official Digital Object Identifier (DOI) registration agency of the International DOI Foundation.	3
The Peruvian Journal of Experimental Medicine and Public Health had published the highest number of manuscripts (500 articles), with an approximate publication citation of two.	4
Bibliometrics, using the literature system and literature metrology characteristics as research objects and analyzing the literatures quantitatively and qualitatively, can help characterize development in a field, predict trends in development, provide an auxiliary basis for identifying research projects, and guide clinical and basic medical research[7,8].	3
The idea is to use a confidence interval to exclude particular articles of the automatic assessment for evaluating it following a different rule.	3
We designed a randomized controlled trial to investigate the effect of anonymity among reviewers in the discussion phase.	3
As we deal with count data we also consider a Poison regression model and a negative binomial regression (NBREG) model.	3
Lexical variation had the greatest effect on online attention.	5
First, we as a scientific community would benefit from a reorientation toward the key goal of our endeavor, which is to create and disseminate relevant knowledge that matters to society rather than maximizing paper counts or citation rates as ends in themselves.	5
The analysis is based on both a descriptive account as well as several generalized least-squares models.	3
Library print and electronic holdings OCLC offers Total Holdings, as sum of holdings and e-holdings, in its summary results, but OCLC extended results that were obtained via API (in January 2020) and simultaneously included two counts of ‘holding' and 'e-holding' for each book, suggesting summing of all print and electronic versions, respectively, stored in WorldCat libraries.	3
Another clear advantage for GS that becomes obvious during the test searches is that it gives working links to cited articles, while Summon does not.	4
Data science (19·4%) and Sensing and monitoring techniques (18·8%) exhibit particularly high CAGRs.	4
A trend towards research addressing urban ecological quality, changes in land use patterns, and the impact of impervious surfaces was found in domain-specific citations.	4
The results of this study indicate that the level of epistemic community formation, as measured by the percentage of recurring authors, is closely tied to specialization, and could therefore also be considered as yet another indicator of specialization.	5
Regression analysis was used to determine significant changes in time trend between 2004 and 2013.	3
We thus suggest PageRank as a feasible supplement to, or replacement of, existing bibliometric ranking methods.	5
The zp-index and the zp-indexadj were highly correlated (r = .93), which suggests that the SJR, an alternative journal quality metric to the IF, provides virtually the same information.	4
The value of density (0.238) is relatively high (Hu, Hu, Deng, et al., 2013; Liu et al., 2012).	4
We suggest that a model of “skimming” behavior, where individuals focus on the first few papers in the list due to time constraints, would be most consistent with our findings.	5
The publication set to be analyzed contains all papers which have been co-cited with the marker paper.	3
The present study examines variation in social influence with respect to academic research and citation accumulation.	1
The pattern of journal citations was explored by redundancy analysis (RDA) in which the ordination of 40 journal citation scores by 10 stress types was constrained by cultivation status (Legendre and Legendre 2012).	3
At present, six individuals appear to still need to register with ORCID, which means that more than 80% of the tenured or tenure track faculty at the School of Law currently have an ORCID iD.	4
This study surveyed papers in WoS core collection (1900-present) (retrieval data last updated: 2021-9-9).	2
The discussion is imbedded in critical pedagogy, understood as the responsibility of intellectuals (cf.	3
Average and standard deviation of CiteScore for closed-access (n = 34,638) and open-access (n = 4,303) sources between 2011 and 2015.	0
Our study offers useful insights into JBR's importance as a business journal.	5
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
The article presents a model of the review process in a top journal, in which authors know their paper's quality whereas referees obtain a noisy signal about quality.	1
In our PoP CAY top-40, three quarters of the academics are listed in the ESI with an average of 587 citations.	4
The dependent variable of the multiple linear regression models as the ANCOVA model is the average count of citations of a manuscript per year.	3
On the contrary, the scale-free in-degree exponent yin in HistCite database is significantly higher than in other data-bases, while the directed degree mixing coefficient r(out,in) is signifi-cantly lower (P-value = 0.019 and P-value = 0.033, respectively; see Table 2 and Fig.	4
Note: The table and figure names in the last two columns indicate where in the results section the discussion of each indicator can be found.	0
On the other hand, the effects of geographic locations on usage count (b=?	4
We find that collaborations scale superlinearly with institution size, i.e., faster than institutions grow, consistent with densification of growing networks.	4
Here, we present the results of online questionnaire survey of 472 researchers from 47 countries who published research articles and collaborated with Nepal based researchers.	2
To be included in this study, unsolicited emails needed to fulfill each of the following criteria: (1) contain a request for an article submission OR to become an editorial board member; (2) contain identifying journal information OR a link to the journal’s website; and (3) be sent from an open-access journal OR a journal determined to be primarily open access by the reviewers.	2
The findings of this study can inform faculty, current and future graduate students, teachers of science, and stakeholders for U.S. K-12 science.	5
Existing approaches to determining journal rankings are significantly advanced with the application of a new classification approach, ‘random forests', and data envelopment analysis.	3
*p < 0.05, * * p < 0.01, * * *p < 0.001.	0
The results show that adopting automated workflows can significantly increase the number of records and Open Access content in institutional repositories and thus reduce the common problem of stagnation in IR growth and content recruitment.	5
Solving this problem requires developing rich, mutually informed theories of community and credit that are sensitive to the structure and status systems of complex, heterogeneous scholarly networks.	1
To capture the centrality of each academic in each time period, we calculated the following network measures: degree, eigenvector, betweenness and closeness centrality.	3
Authorship grew by 42 new contributors adding up to 1,256 unique IJLM authors by 2019.	4
By systematically investigating JIF values in recent editions of the Journal Citation Reports (JCR) we determine it is typical to see between 10 and 30% poorly differentiated journals in the JCR categories.	4
By using matrix transformations (Krauze and McGinnis 1979) which project the information in the country-input and country-output spaces to a country space, it was possible to derive totalized input and output measures so that for each country there is only one totalized productivity measure (the ratio of output to input).	5
The X- and Y-axis denote the average publication year of the cluster and the number of nodes, respectively.	3
With this bibliometric analysis, we can corroborate that the field of women's EL factors is still in its early days in research terms with barely any influence and production.	5
In this analysis, non-research pieces such as book reviews, opinion pieces, software reviews, and editorials were excluded.	2
We observe that, Physics and Chemistry have the highest amount of research done during the 25 year period.	4
Among the 5 selected contributors, Ludo Waltman's profile is found to be a transition profile.	4
Sources of funding were categorized as industry, government, and non-governmental; this classification was performed using a stepwise method.	3
The objective of this study was to elucidate the opinions of health and life sciences scholars on e-journal accessibility within a health and life sciences academic library, the impact this has on their research and attempts to source teaching material, and their subsequent feelings towards the subscription model as a whole.	1
Researchers with the orientation to a global science that was measured by their responses and publication behavior pattern tend to support using metrics in research evaluation, while their counter-parts committed to a local academic path are more likely to show a negative attitude.	4
Data analysis was conducted using the program MAXQDA 2018.	3
As our measure of research we focus - quite unfairly – on publications in a limited set of five journals: Operations Research (OR), Journal of Operations Management (JOM), Management Science (MS), Manufacturing and Service Operations Management (MSOM), and Production and Operations Management (POM).	2
Empirical analysis results identify China as the most central country, followed by the U.S., Spain, the U.K., and Sweden, in terms of the co-authored network.	4
In this research, we tested this hypothesis by empirically comparing three Spanish rankings.	1
The demographic breakdown of participants was as follows: Discipline: life sciences (29); physical sciences (4); social sciences (33).	2
3), one nucleated around calmodulin antagonist (blue color), one around calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (green color), one around calmodulin-binding site (red color), and one around heart and modulation of calcium channel (yellow color).	4
In order to reduce the number of user groups for the statistical analysis and to combine similar groups, the following user groups were formed for use in the current study: (1) Student: Student bachelor, Student master, Student postgraduate, (2) PhD: PhD student, Doctoral student, (3) Postdoc, (4) Lecturer: Lecturer, Senior lecturer, (5) Professor: Assistant professor, Associate professor, Professor, (6) Researcher at an academic institution, (7) Researcher at a non-academic institution, (8) Other: Librarian, Other professional.	3
This paper first surveys the current literature on the adoption of institutional repositories, and then outlines a user experience study conducted at a university library in Australia to understand the specific issues for researchers within the institution.	1
A Pajek-format file was generated from the co-occurrence matrix using the UCINET software package (Borgatti et al.	3
Finally, we published a map of approximately 150 000 funding projects of the National Science Foundation, Japan Society for the Promotion of Science, and Japan Science and Technology agency from 2013 to 2017.	2
[ Table 7 — Spearman rank correlation between Mendeley, Twitter, and Facebook]	0
In this paper, we propose an extended citation model for scientific document clustering.	1
Core to our approach is the integration of bibliometric citation data as process markers along the translational research timeline.	3
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
But most of all this paper owes its existence to Jane W.	0
First, this study aims to describe and examine the usefulness of an alternative quality rating measurement for accessing environmental studies and sustainability journal quality.	1
The increase in (inter)national collaborations seems to be key to the field's success.	5
Then, using a probabilistic sum model of plagiarism produced by Vossen (2021a), we achieved the Plagiarism Index (PI) for all dimension composites.	3
In this paper, we propose a data transformation and visualization technique that resolves this challenge.	1
Scientists assigned to the leader and specialized archetypes tended to have longer careers than those assigned to the supporting archetype.	4
Additionally, among those who do secure subsequent funding, individuals who engage in exploratory research in the first funding cycle tend to wait longer.	4
The most surprising finding is the negative relationship between average years of schooling and blockchain publications (beta = ?0.165) when controlling for the other variables in the model.	4
A unified library was further generated by progressively overlapping independent libraries.	3
In keeping with this hypothesis, and according to our preliminary results, we find that link counts within the scholarly network (based on peer-reviewed journal articles) rose from 161 connections among 76 authors in 2006 (or 2.1 collaborations per author) to over 2,000 links among 552 authors in 2010 (or more than 3.6 collaborations per author) (see Table 3).	4
We are able to estimate that Ro has a mean of 2.3 (95% of values in interval 1.7–3; table 2 and figure 7).	4
The objective of this study was to determine reliability and validity of McMaster PLUS measures of scientific merit and clinical importance of articles in medical journals.	1
2008) was used for clustering the documents in the largest component and only the partitioning at the highest level was retained.	3
Definition II (Gl?nzel 2012) Core documents are nodes with at least h degrees each, where h is the h-index of the network.	3
All articles published in these journals during the 4-month period between January 1, 2008, and April 30, 2008, were identified through electronic databases.	2
The approach being proposed simultaneously examines the growth processes of the co-authorship and citation networks by analyzing the evolutions of the rich get richer and the fit get richer phenomena.	1
There has been a significant and growing increase in international collaboration during studied period.	5
The citation data for this study was obtained from Scopus, Web of Science and Google Scholar databases to extract relevant data on B.	2
The majority of articles were of a basic science nature (n = 55), while endodontic micro- biology (n = 24) was the most frequent subspecialty.	4
The first is a collection of papers published in the journals of the American Physical Society (Physical Review Letters, Physical Review and Review of Modern Physics) between 1985 and 2009.	2
Primarily, we chose the top 30 categories (see Table 1), the first being Economics, comprising 373 journals from the SSCI edition and the 29th and 30th tied between Biotechnology & Applied Microbiology and Computer Science, Information Systems, each composed of 156 journals from the SCIE edition.	2
Again, the error bars were estimated by repeating the calculations with different random samples taken from the whole set of 2004 data for each field.	0
We propose and discuss the need to develop more detailed guidelines on how to acknowledge funding.	5
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by 165542 []	0
Intercoder reliability was tested between two human coders, who were graduate students at Louisiana State University, on a randomly generated sub-sample of 200 observations (about 10.53% of the original sample).	3
First, despite the fact that 97% of respondents need it for their IUCN-related work, approximately half of the conservation community we surveyed report not having easy access to scientific literature.	5
We apply the gALM to the journal PLoS Biology by using the paper published in it from 2003 to 2014.	2
It was planned to analyze the ten-most cited documents from each of the 22 countries of Ibero-America (n = 220) but the sample was reduced to 208 since documents from Honduras, Paraguay, and El Salvador did not have at least one citation.	2
If available data become more comprehensive and transparent, then all parties (libraries, publishers, research funders, and intermediaries) will have better knowledge of the APC market and can more accurately predict the effects of offsetting.	4
The citation analysis (Garfield, 1972), traditionally used in bibliometric methodology research to find out the most influential authors or journals, has been not included (Epstein, 2005; MacRoberts & MacRoberts, 2018) since it is not appropriated for achieving the main objective of the study.	3
Here, we propose a method based on the analysis of bipartite interconnected multilayer networks of citations and disciplines, to assess scholars, institutions, and countries interdisciplinary importance.	1
Two different techniques were used, performance and science mapping analyses, using as samples all the available documents regarding tissue engineering focused on otorhinolaryngology applications.	3
Following our research goal to identify possible changes in economic research after the crisis of 2007-2008, we ask:	1
between 2011 and 2021, the number of publishers of non-OA journals had decreased slightly, while the number of OA journal publishers has increased rapidly;	4
We use a standard competing risks duration framework for the states given in table 1.	3
1 Means of the bibliometric parameters according to the academic rankings	0
In the process I utilize two novel tools (the mistake index and scite index) to further illustrate and operationalize aspects of the MSRP.	2
In terms of principal investigator equivalent researchers, the optimal team size seems to be around five.	4
As their inherent feature, convex skeletons retain the properties of collaboration networks.	5
For the analysis of in-text citation frequency, we segregated the papers into different groups depending upon the value (number of occurrences) of in-text citations.	0
Considering a small number of articles were uncited at least a decade after publication, it appears most research is useful for future investigations.	5
Publication fees should reflect the real cost of publishing and should be transparent for authors.	5
In a one-sample binomial test, the overall proportion of blogged articles above each journal's population median was significantly higher than the expected probability of .5 in the two citation periods calculated for 2009 and 2010.	4
As for diversity, pilots with partially randomised grant allocation have shown to lead to more diverse applications, e.g.	4
To achieve this, the Jaccard distance (Jaccard, 2010) was employed to calculate the distance between the four RMEs groups within two adjacent time windows separately.	3
The value obtained for the ROC area tells us that the probability of the estimated prediction, as determined by the composite indicators, for a selected applicant to be higher than the estimated prediction determined for a rejected applicant is about 75%.	4
Connections between preprints and published articles suggests that some authors chose to use both dissemination methods and that, as some publishers also serve across both models, traditional distinctions of output types might be changing.	5
The framework is an analytical product which draws on theories of trust as well as on previous research focused on academic web profiles and on researchers' perceptions of trust and credibility.	2
The purpose of this study was to determine the utility of adjunctively using AAS and PlumX altmetrics as complements to traditional bibliometrics in the assessment of the 100 most “trending” COVID-19 articles across social media, as determined by Altmetric.	1
Between the orientation and the main training, participants had 2 weeks to review an early unpublished draft of an example paper (anonymised and shared with the author’s permission) and complete a preliminary assessment of the paper.	3
All methods also increased in prevalence in all broad fields from 1996 to 2019, except that case studies became less common in nursing.	4
The IFI claims patent database was added with 34 million patents and 320 million citations within those patents with a further 11 million citations to scholarly articles and 9 million citations from scholarly articles.	4
All in all, there are two main networks of academic communication in the publication pattern of German political scientists.	5
The force-directed layout in the ECharts tool can be used to visualize the layout of the ST++ network (Apache ECharts, 2020).	3
OA increases the article views, expands the geographical scope of article readers, and promotes knowledge diffusion.	4
We produced the so-called term maps, also referred as co-word maps.	3
Top-down processes while goal-oriented problem solving is called EFs (Diamond, 2013; Neisser, 2014; Zelazo, 2015).	0
This research focuses on the two core elements of OPR journals that Ross-Hellauer (2017) identified: (1) open identities, where reviewer names were made public; (2) open reports, where the original reviews or integrated reviews were publicly available.	1
More than four in ten (43.9%) of new entrants to Polish universities perceive the time in question as poor and more than four in ten of them (41.6%) are stressed by their job.	4
In this fractional scoring scheme, the publications at the border between two different PR classes are shared between the respective PR classes and attributed fractional weights corresponding to their shares.	3
Molecular Cancer papers were retrieved via the Web of Science using the search criteria: PY = “2014, 2016, 2018, 2020,” SO = “MOLECULAR CANCER," AND DT = "Article."	2
After all conversions are complete, the script produces an Excel file which can be batch uploaded into the repository.	3
The UK stands out with a high degree of balance in international scientific collaboration while China stands out with a low degree.	4
Males receive more citations for their manuscripts, creating more research impact than their female counterparts.	4
In the top 4 collaborating partner institutions for each university, the presence of the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique of France (CNRS) is observed, followed by the National Council for Scientific and Technical Research of Argentina (Conicet).	4
This exploratory work suggests no more than rough 'order of magnitude' conclusions, as the choice of material and the classification of Social Policy 'production' and 'consumption' issues is necessarily subjective and far from precise.	5
The four core journals were Journal of Ethnopharmacology (n = 17), Food Chemistry (n = 7), Life Sciences (n = 5), and Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry (n = 4).	4
Three types of indexes were developed to provide greater clarity into the factors influencing involvement in research and research practices.	3
Due to the small number of records in the higher overlap levels, as an alterative way of looking at the data, the overlap levels were grouped in three ranges, with the nonoverlapping records grouped separately.	0
First, the Social Science Citation Index (SSCI), released in 2016, was considered for selecting the leading hospitality and tourism journals.	2
This study aims to offer the first piece of evidence towards this endeavor by analyzing the ratio of keyword matchedness between accepted NIH research grants from 2008 to 2015 and their funded publications.	1
The best citation-based metrics were bibliographic coupling for ACL and Jaccard for PubMed.	4
To analyse the characteristics of the most cited articles on AKI and to provide information about achievements and developments in AKI, we searched the Science Citation Index Expanded for citations of AKI articles.	1
Secondly, interdisciplinary research shows a negative association with FORs regarding composite interdisciplinarity indicators, indicating that experts are less likely to recommend interdisciplinary research.	4
The paper also develops a mapping analysis of the bibliographic material by using the visualization of similarities viewer software.	1
Of course, some papers could belong to several types, fields or approaches, so we allowed repeat categories (see Results).	0
Second, sex, region, and, in particular, institutional access, had statistically significant effects on ease of access to scientific literature.	5
(3) What are their strengths and weaknesses respectively?	1
Table 3 Proportion of single-reference citations and multi-reference citations by journal	0
To investigate how partners of an actor in a collaboration network can influence their productivity and/or performance, we evaluate their structural diversity in the network by measuring the variance of their centrality measures.	1
Director of the Institute for Scientific Information, 33 South 17th Street, Philadelphia, PA, USA.	0
A list of all publications by Ghana for the period 1990–2013 was extracted from the WoS database system at CREST, in September 2014, and exported to a Microsoft Access database.	2
With a strong base and history of research institutions and journals, the present study explores grooming a reasonable number of quality journals in India to tackle the menace of predatory publishing.	1
Department of Science Policy and Scientometrics, Library of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest, Hungary	0
However, the cooperation between scholars and institutions was weak.	5
Furthermore, the deep learning-based model demonstrates superior performance to other models in predicting the emerging index, as evidenced by both error-based and rank-based metrics.	4
The likelihood of rejection and inadequate financial support are the major obstacles to publish in journals included in leading databases.	4
Received: 29 April 2024 Revised: 19 July 2024 Accepted: 20 August 2024	0
The purpose of this study is to understand the characteristics of in-text citations in a detailed way prior to pursuing other studies focused on answering more substantive research questions.	1
There was a significant difference found for each group in the analysis of the page number of the libraries and in the number of clicks to the library.	5
An algorithm was developed to match the conference and journal names from the ERA list to those within MAS.	3
Journal Citation Reports?, Thomson Reuters) and for every author (H-indexes, number of publications, total citations, and numbers of collaborators for studies from Scopus?, Elsevier).	2
A total of 55,930 articles were downloaded and analyzed, comprising 41,181, 12,793, 1464, and 492 articles in PLoS One (PLoS), Medicine, J Formos Med Assoc (Formos), and Eur J Med Res (EJMR), respectively; see Data S1, Supplemental Digital Content, http://links.lww.com/MD/L268.	2
We elicit the thematic structure of the text corpus using LDA (Blei, Ng, and Jordan 2003).	3
We therefore ask: In Artificial Intelligence (AI) related conference papers, does there remain a positive or negative correlation between these two bibliometric indictors?	1
In the two smallest classes (Class 0 and I) on these two dimensions, we find in total nearly 66 % of all editorial materials (that is, editorial materials that contain up until 3 references, and get cited up until 3 times).	4
Perhaps the findings from this paper may help researchers to identify the gap, plan and further strategize their future work on this issue.	5
This refers to the creation of networks among companies and directors (Cárdenas, 2016).	0
In this international comparison, the institute in the focus of the study shows relatively poor results.	4
The study cohort consisted of 169 full-time academic plastic surgeons.	2
Furthermore, the zp-index has equal predictive validity as a measure of the number of publications but does a better job of discriminating researcher's scientific output and may provide different information than the number of publications (Study 2).	5
We found no evidence suggesting that OA journals suffer significant quality issues compared with non-OA journals.	4
The results also show that there is a curvilinear inverted U-shape relationship between ICCI and scientific impact.	5
Furthermore, the community structure is generated by the Louvain algorithm (Blondel et al., 2008) in Pajek to reveal the aggregation features of collaborations.	3
First we applied Cohen's kappa to a matrix in which columns represent the different textbook authors (‘raters') and rows represent the selected eminent scholars (‘items').	3
A new global research registry was launched in February 2015.	3
Regarding the sample and recruitment strategy, we coded the sample size (ICC = 0.95) after data exclusion, gender proportion (ICCfemale = 0.98, ICCmale = 0.97 and ICCother = 1.00), sample age (ICCmean = 1.00 and ICCstandard_deviation = 1.00), recruitment strategy (i.e.	3
The retraction of publications wastes resources and damages the credibility of scientific research.	0
This research was supported by the Australian Research Council Discovery Project ARC DP210100227 (MG) and by the POB Research Centre Cybersec-urity and Data Science of Warsaw University of Technology within the Excellence Initiative Program – Research University (ID-UB) (AC and GS).	0
This present study was designed to determine the effect of international scientific mobilization on the scientific output by comparing the internationally mobile scientists' scientific outcomes in their pre-mobilization period with their synthetic counterparts.	5
In the three countries, the rise of accountability frameworks has led governments to enact legislation that requires public agencies and departments to collect more performance information and tie it to decision-making.	4
As an additional robustness test, I examine the cited half-life of papers by group.	4
The aim of the present study was to give an overview of the publication behavior and scientific contribution of the JBJS-A and JBJS-B in the year 2009 and its subsequent impact.	1
Among the documents, we included the papers that met the following conditions as analysis targets: (1) The number of identified WOS references is one or more, (2) the number of citations is one or more, (3) the paper was published between 2008 and 2017, (4) the number of authors is 2 to 20, (5) the paper is classified as an article in a journal publication.	2
This study focuses on the analysis of how CIBER research groups indicate their membership in their papers, particularly considering three main sources of metadata coming from the Web of Science (WoS) bibliographic records: authors, addresses and funding acknowledgements.	1
Further details of research institute fitness and research field nicheness can be found in Section 3.	0
Other than the PageRank algorithm, we also utilize the HITS algorithm to measure the importance of scholars based on the paper-author network.	3
Nevertheless, studies indicate remarkably high correlations between measures obtained from both databases for the number of publications and citations received by countries and their ranks (R2 ≈ 0.99) (Archambault et al.	4
The purpose of this paper is to examine how often university academic staff members use and create various forms of social media for their work and how that use influences their use of traditional scholarly information sources.	1
The inclusion criteria were original articles published in English.	2
The CRs 11, 12, 13, 15, and 16 appear in the RPYS-CO but were not mentioned in the RPYS analysis of Haunschild et al.	4
There are a total of 2,940 papers published in the four journals and a total of 325 lead articles.	2
It is against this background that we have developed a quantitative framework with the goal of isolating the effect of author reputation upon citation dynamics.	1
The distribution turning point suggested 23 saves per DOI but this was too large to be used as a cutoff, since it would generate huge co-occurrence matrices that were not technically manageable for further analyses.	0
Identify the issues affecting the development of IRs.	1
This suggests that bibliometric measures of research quality may not adequately explain policy influence, or that these metrics might not capture the essence of research excellence from a policy perspective.	5
Table 2 shows that in the domain of cloud computing research, “Internet of Things" has the highest slope value of 174.00 and this result suggests that is growing with a high intensity level compared to other topics.	4
The observational system for researches for detection of latest research priority was the most important issues that need to be more addressed by all of networks.	4
Information clustering based on content-(dis)similarity of the underlying textual material and graph-theoretical considerations to deal with the network of relationships between content-similar topics are described and combined in a new approach.	1
In step (5), in order to visualize citation maps, we applied a large graph layout (LGL), an algorithm developed by Adai et al.	3
For academics, Goodreads possesses its greatest potential as an altmetric research tool if a book that has been received well within the academic community as scholarly, accurate, and thought provoking piece of work can also attract substantial public interest.	5
Importantly, the area of neuropharmacology research has been growing steadily due to the global trend in population aging and associated with this continuously increasing number of patients with neuropsychiatric disorders worldwide.	5
In the present article, we examine 'what happens at the aggregated level of publication and citation activity when funding is linked to differentiated publication counts'.	1
The tree was then drawn from the data in the matrix.	0
After initial retrieval from the databases, all the data were imported into a spreadsheet file.	3
The raw data, or at least the correlation or covariance matrix of the measurement items, should always be made available and in the public domain so that others can verify and possibly improve on the reported analysis.	5
For RQ3, Spearman rank correlations were calculated for citation counts overall and each section, again separately for each field.	3
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
[14], we measure a given patent’s technological impact in terms of its normalized citation count (NC), which corresponds to its ranking by citation count when compared against all patents issued in the same year.	3
The PubMed Central open access subset (PMC-OAS) represents a more liberally-licenced part of the PubMed Central collection [5], freely available online.	2
The classifier for the new instances is trained by using Na?ve Bayes Classification Model.	3
In order to replicate and verify the results provided by Verstak et al. we have precisely carried out an alternative procedure to calculate the aging pace of citations by means of the aggregate cited half-life indicator from Thomson Reuters’ Journal Citation Reports (JCR) for the 53 subject categories in the Social Sciences edition (“Appendix 1”), and also for the 167 Science categories (“Appendix 2”).	2
The first phase of the model was the extraction of features using Word2vec (Tomas et al.	3
The path analysis findings reveal that academic psychological well-being and academic motivation both significantly benefit from academic resilience in a quite good manner.	4
Multiple methods were used to conduct this study, including: (1) a systematic bibliometric procedure to capture archival NTD publications and co-authorship data; (2) a country-level "core-periphery" network analysis to measure and map the structure of Canada's NTD co-authorship network including its size, density, cliques, and centralization; and (3) a statistical analysis to test the correlation between the position of countries in Canada's NTD network ("k-core measure") and the quantity and quality of research produced.	3
In this study, we explore the link between faculty hiring and international co-authorship in Chilean and Korean higher education institutions, in the field of industrial engineering, and how this link relate to the global prestige of institutions that trained their faculty (at the doctoral level) and collaborate with them (through co-autorship).	1
Because the star ratings in Faculty Opinions correspond to the labels open for interpretation, the schema should not be considered a true Likert scale or quality assessment.	5
Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Delhi appears in 14 subjects.	4
Significant differences in citation parameters were encountered between those articles published in contact lens and non-contact lens source journals.	4
VantagePoint was also used to create co-occurrence matrices comprising countries and organisations.	3
Ultimately, what is important is a proper combination of quantitative and qualitative evaluation instruments, that is, peer review conducted by knowledgeable and unbiased reviewers who know how to properly use the results of complex quantitative indicators.	5
Finally, over two-thirds of the respondents considered tools such as Skype and social media to be key factors for building and enhancing collaboration, and experienced researchers use these tools more extensively.	4
Not only is the rank order of countries in terms of productivity rates different when using the two input measures; the internal development for individual countries often shows rather different patterns, for example, decrease versus the status quo.	4
In some respects, the most disappointing feature of our findings is the enormous role played by power dynamics (and thus its centrality in our conceptual model).	5
By using Python's Selenium library and Regex library, the researchers wrote a Python code to automatically search for editors' and editorial board members' endogenous publications on Taylor and Francis Online (www.tandfonline.com) and Wiley Online Library (onlinelibrary.wiley.com).	3
Russia remains among the least globalized during the whole period, with no upward trend.	4
Clearly, the USA is at the centre of the map.	4
Harmonic allocation of authorship credit: Source-level correction of bibliometric bias assures accurate publication and citation analysis.	0
In the experiments, the data obtained from the actually published papers from 2009 to 2011 of Journals are used and impact factor and immediacy index of 2011 are calculated.	2
This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-Non Commercial-No Derivatives License 4.0 (CCBY-NC), where it is permissible to download and share the work provided it is properly cited.	0
Through citation visualization analysis, monsoon research mainly focuses on two aspects: modern monsoon and paleomonsoon.	4
The results seem interesting for assessing the multidisciplinarity of younger researchers with scarce scientific output and few citations.	5
The following case study aims to examine empirically the potentials of the theory of the handicap principle as a framework for understanding and explaining scholarly behaviour exemplified by the act of book reviewing.	0
The data on the respondents' publication output was collected from the Web of Science database (WoS) covering the 2011-2017 period, and included articles, reviews and letters published in journals indexed in WoS.	2
Although the terms sustainable, green and renewable in correlation with the energy field suggest that the focus is mainly on renewable energies, the findings of this study show that the main research speaks about more energy-related fields, such as electro-physics, energy policies, pollution, green technologies and energy assessment framework.	5
Our operationalization of IDR makes use of a combination of indicators with visualization approaches to demonstrate that to conduct R&D in bioplastics, scientific, and industrial actors need to integrate knowledge from a diverse range of TAs.	5
Our results indicate that researchers who value the impact factor more tend to evaluate their experience less in Open Access publishing.	5
Articles were assigned to countries on a full count basis, a frequent counting method applied in the analysis of global network structures (Finardi, 2015; Leydesdorff & Wagner, 2008; Wagner & Leydesdorff, 2005), so that an article was counted toward each coauthoring country's total number of publications.	3
These three versions are examined in details by mining, collating, and analyzing the bibliographic data.	3
Normally the full counting approach is used, but we propose an alternative fractional counting approach.	3
Before we explain our method, let us describe the second-order chain model briefly.	0
This paper provides a methodology to study the characteristics of the research output from a university department.	1
(1998) in the context of ranking hospitals according to short-term mortality risk ratios for inpatients who had received treatment for myocardial infarction.	3
The effects of the language and the corresponding author's nationality on the kth topic were also identified by single-factor linear regression models, using θd,k as the dependent variable and the language of the dth paper, denoted as languaged, and the corresponding author's nationality of the dth paper, denoted as nationalityd, as the independent dummy variables, respectively.	3
., and for any two equivalent lists of K scholars (s1, .	3
The RSU's performance would exceed the national median by 200%, and that of the top public institution by 75%.	4
Using a multilevel model with papers nested within academics it was estimated that 66.8% of the variance in paper measures was located with the academics.	3
To measure the association between academic and social impact (i.e.	3
metaknowledge is primarily designed to simplify the ~80% effort (Light et al., 2014) that goes into creating and preparing datasets for modeling and other analysis.	5
With regard to the approaches in measuring correlation, the node degree centrality correlation and link overlap that measure the correlation in multiplex networks were introduced.	3
High-income source countries (United States and Germany) were selected from the top-ten countries by gross domestic product (GDP) per capita (more than US$36,000), and Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) membership.	2
If material is not included in the article's Creative Commons licence and your intended use is not permitted by statutory regulation or exceeds the permitted use, you will need to obtain permission directly from the copyright holder.	0
Looking at inter-journal citations revealed an interesting citation structure: JASSS collected its largest percentage of citations from non-social science-focused journals while directing more citations within its own articles toward works published in social science journals.	4
This analysis shows that even articles are published online as soon as they are peer reviewed, but they do not get the attention of the community unless they are assigned to an issue.	5
On the whole the result of the bibliographic coupling, revealing 32 clusters of which a large majority contained practice-focused theses using different qualitative methods as the main mode of research technique, supports this.	4
Table 1 reports data on five highly regarded ISS projects (Robinson, 2013).	2
In total, 322 participants (134 females and 187 males, 1 missing) completed the questionnaire.	2
We colour the edges by these four groups, set East-West edge curves positive (clockwise) for links with collaborative papers exceeding the 80th percentile and negative (counterclockwise) otherwise and plot the edges on top of each other.	3
The number of extracted PIs were 3,061, 3,511, and 4,367 for FY 2004, 2005, and 2006, respectively.	2
To that end the paper is written in two halves, with the first exploring the current landscape of payment for publication including what is being charged for publication, with comparisons between the different types of open access publishing.	1
In this paper we present a theoretic information measure for benchmarking subject categories.	5
The performance of our disambiguation method can be evaluated against a sample of ground-truth data that are manually disambiguated and can be measured by K metric and cluster F1.	3
When the citation count reached 10, 81.96% of the papers in the MAG-CS dataset had DCCPs in their ego-centred networks.	4
This work aims to identify articles published in open access journals registered in the Lattes Platform curricula.	1
It investigates the development in co-authorship in different research fields and discusses how the methodological differences in these research fields together with changes in academia affect the tendency to co-author articles.	1
From the PLOS data, specifically, we collected the views, saves, shares, and citations, which are the four numbers currently displayed on the webpage of each article.	2
One solution most editorials do agree on is that more funding for research and academic positions is needed.	0
We accessed the list of 240 academics who ended their tenure as rotators at the NSF under the Intergovernmental Personnel Act (IPA) from between 2009 and 2011 via a Freedom of Information (FOI) request directed to the NSF.	2
The study's main goal of the study is to analyze patterns of scientific collaboration of two groups of Russian universities: universities participating in Project 5-100 (here in after: the treatment group or Project universities) and universities not included in Project 5-100 (the control group) with respect to the periods before and after that project.	1
Regression analysis was used to determine relationships between the quantities of articles published, and time trends from 2005 to 2014.	3
For simiplicity in further discussions, informal communication will be understood to mean documented informal communication.	0
ISSN 1019-3316, Herald of the Russian Academy of Sciences, 2012, Vol.	0
The main reason to exclude Mendeley is that Altmetric.com only collects readership data when other altmetric indicators have been detected (e.g., Twitter, mentions in blogs, etc.);	0
to rank Indian research institutions by their traffic and page ranks;	1
Using bibliometric data, interviews with researchers, and social network analysis, this article proposes a typology based on egocentric cocitation networks that displays a quadruple structuring (before and after publication): polarization, clusterization, atomization, and attrition.	3
The h and hmen values shall also be explored in relation to an author's scientific age by making use of the time-oriented h index, also called m index.	1
We confirmed the finding that the authors from the social sciences, who were most active through the whole history of the field development, experienced the “invasion" of physicists from the 2000s.	4
This resulted in a set of 4145 (out of 7544) MD graduates.	2
The machine-learning approach used in our study provided a model with high performance in predicting a high citation count among articles within general radiology journals based on straightforward characteristics extracted from articles' PubMed entries.	5
The analysis begins with a series of basic negative binomial regression models.	3
The empirical investigations presented below are restricted to the subset of non-medical dissertations (identified on the basis of the awarded degrees and field information included in the DNB catalog).	2
Global industrial R&D is found to be very similar to the focus of public research.	4
The co-authorship of countries was obtained via Bibexcel Software (Persson 2017).	3
This study aimed to use bibliometric analysis to study COVID-19 related publications in the SCI-EXPANDED in 2020.	1
Therefore, aiming to answering the following research questions in this comparison oriented paper, we conduct a few new indicators to detect the relationship between funding and Usage Count.	1
Moreover, four bibliometric indicators used to compare laureates’ performance before and after the bestowal of the award: The number of publications used as a proxy for productivity, the number of citations used as a proxy for impact, CPP used as a proxy for both productivity and impact, and h-index used as a proxy for cumulative impact and productivity.	3
Keywords and abstracts of articles are available for most publications from 1991 and 1992 respectively.	2
The study reveals that ports near major straits and canals, such as the Strait of Malacca and the Suez Canal, demonstrate significant strategic importance due to their high connectivity and economic activity density.	5
Pulling data from several sources to determine the journals that are considered "top" by McGill University faculty and used by the McGill University community has further applications, as other librarians may learn from these methods and use them to conduct their own collection analysis.	5
Nearly two-thirds of the identified documents (63%) contained references, half (47%) cited obesity-related research and less than a third (31%) cited peer-reviewed obesity research (Table 2).	4
The example set by Englishmen has not been followed to the same extent in this country, and the industry, affected by the fall of one or two historic houses, has progressed but slowly.	0
Data for the years 1990, 2000, and 2011 were downloaded and organised in a relational database (see Table 3).	2
The topic is interesting and deserves a deeper analysis than it was presented because the reported brief analysis and its conclusion are somewhat biased for many reasons, some of them are discussed here.	1
The data analysis in this paper reveals that some variables may help predict CIS students’ career choices.	5
In this study, we extended previous research up to 2013 and investigates the features of financial crisis literature based on bibliometric methods from: (1) TP: the number of “total articles” of an institution or a country; (2) SP: the number of “single country article” (3) CP: the number of “internationally collaborative article” (4) FP: the number of “first author article”, and (5) RP: the number of “corresponding author article".	1
The h(k)-index of X, denoted h(k)(X), is the largest natural number such that the first h coordinates have each at least a value equal to hk.	3
We then used Python to perform lognormal function fitting and Kolmogorov-Smirnov goodness-of-fit test to determine whether the 26 ERT citation curves constitute a classic citation curve with a 0.05 significance level.	3
The search on the Web of Science retrieved 37,291 documents yielding 28,776 articles and reviews.	2
Legend: entries in italics: scholarly publ.; entries in bold + italics: WoS record from original WoS set on wind power	0
The goal of the present study is to evaluate the degree to which interdisciplinary research projects increased in prevalence during the first decade of funding.	1
Tight (2012) examined the geographic location of authors for 15 higher education journals published in 2010, including nearly all of those listed in Figure 1, and found that 'relatively few authors were based in Asia' (p.	4
1 presents the yearly total number of scientific publications on climate change from 1996 until 2020 and shows that the number of scientific articles on climate change increased exponentially.	4
We find that both variables have values that peak at tenure and decline thereafter.	4
“Mohebali" ranked top in all of centrality measures.	4
Out of the 73,533 papers, 70,878 received at least one citation, indicating a low "uncitedness."	2
We found a statistically significant correlation between co-first and co-senior authorship and the number of total authors (P < .001 for both), but no significant correlation was found between co-first and co-senior authorship and the number of MDs (P > .05).	4
255), such as the cumulative impact factor acquired by a candidate through publications, disqualify academics who study applied questions related to natural resource use and may lead to their extinction in universities.	4
We restricted our analysis to papers published between 1980 and 2006 (inclusive).	2
Because wintertime climate and coastal upwelling are so closely linked there, they were able to determine that upwelling variability has increased more over the past 60 years than for all but two intervals during that time.	4
We have an opportunity to compare journal responses to post-publication notifications of very similar errors, as members of our team have been describing concerns about biomedical research papers with a restricted range of error types to their corresponding journals since 2015.	1
A total of 317 pediatric dermatologists were included.	4
To examine the feasibility of the proposed index to probe for any improvement at the institutional level, we employed regression (R), Mean Square Error (MSE) and Mean Absolute Error (MAE).	3
Publication productivity was evaluated using data generated by the SCImago Journal & Country Rank over the period of 1996-2014 for all of the 15 former Soviet Union Republics for all subject categories.	2
Our results reinforce the importance of public science to science-based technology in developing countries, where corporations pay less attention to scientific research and remain weak in terms of R&D capability.	5
Since the outcome variables are binary, I conduct a linear probability model.	3
Are there any significant differences in citation among the subject areas in the social sciences?	1
Comparing these findings to previous studies in Table 2 suggests that the citation patterns of AOML researchers found here are similar to citation patterns identified in previous citation analysis studies of science and engineering researchers.	5
Automatic discovery of emerging scientific topics has become increasingly necessary because of the exponentially increasing of research papers.	1
Four of the Highly Internationally Active Romanian Psychologists have key positions at international level.	4
Exponent stability of power law relationship between recognition and size in world science	0
In this exercise, we reallocate 5% of the total mainstream QR funding from the output to the impact pot (i.e.	3
However, most importantly, the proposed model contained the true parameters 84.20% (341 out of 405 total) of the time, as opposed to 70.86% (287 out of 405) and 39.01% (158 out of 405) of the time for the Bayesian Probit and Penalized Logistic models, respectively.	4
Releases of hazardous chemicals into the environment by manufacturing companies declined for the eighth straight year in 1995.	0
Our results suggest, however, that the current pace of change in Computer Science will not result in a rapid closing of the gender gap.	5
The highest research productivity was from Egypt with a total publication of 582 (35.10%).	4
Publication was positively associated with completion of the PGRP in < 18 months and with embarking on a PhD and with having a male main supervisor.	4
There is no doubt that the USA is the country with the largest output in the field of management.	4
Social media mentions, including AAS, Twitter mentions, and Facebook mentions, were obtained from Altmetric Bookmarklet, which is a freely available internet browser extension that tracks social media attention around an article.	3
In summary, we believe that dissertation data can enhance the capacity of scientometric research.	5
With the priorities of law school faculty in mind, and because we were carrying out ORCID rollout in line with a larger campus campaign, the Head of Research Services and I approached the ORCID project at the School of Law with two primary goals in mind.	1
the networks are usually established among geographically close institutions or researchers that are related by former supervision in graduate programs.	5
I appreciate their commentary bringing more attention to this topic because I share their concern about the misuse of bibliometrics like the impact factor and its potential adverse effects on journals and scholarship, as well as the visibility of Kinesiology scholarship in academia which has been the impetus to this recent line of my research.	0
*The percentage reflects the number of scientific publications in technologies in each year out of the total publications for that year	0
This study provides a deeper insight into research on TCAM for stroke.	5
This study developed an interlinked material flow analysis model in which the timber demand for wooden houses is connected with timber supply from managed plantation forestry.	1
The visualization software CiteSpace, which is a Java-based scientific visualization software package developed and provided by Chen (2006), was used for analysis.	3
Compared to research conducted by Sun (2013), the findings of this study show that Nobel laureates, generally speaking, observe more rigid or higher standards when it comes to text borrowing than do other scholars in general.	5
Table 1 Social network analysis (SNA) indicators used in this study for characterizing global co-authorship network	0
Just under 58% of all contributions were made by men, although they are slightly in the minority in the auditorium (49%, see above).	4
Brunauer Emmett Teller Isotherm has been mostly applied in the category of physical chemistry and the research area of chemistry.	5
By constructing search queries in Web of Science database (Garfield, 1972) based on the titles, publication years, and DOIs included in the bibliographic records, we can obtain citation information of these publications from DBLP.	2
For minimizing errors caused by counting incorrectly the number of publications and/or citations, we adopt a combination of several searching fields, namely, the author name, address, and affiliation.	2
In this study, we propose to test the Streetlight Effect hypothesis in PPPR and its potential impact on the scrutiny of scholarly publications according to their open access status.	1
Third-party funding is desired or required in 68% (n = 26) of the regulations.	4
The analysis highlights four path-dependent tendencies of Russian nanotechnology research: publication pathways and the gatekeeping role of the Russian Academy of Sciences; increasing geographical and institutional centralisation of nanotechnology research; limited institutional diffusion; and patterns associated with the internationalisation of Russian research.	4
We thus calculate the delta of the density and the delta of the modularity between the two periods for each egocentric cocitation network.	3
The aim of this study, therefore, is to answer questions like how common are these types of cross-national papers, how are they distributed across disciplinary categories, are some nation pairs more prone to these dubious affiliations, and whether they are emerging problems or long-term phenomena?	1
(3) There are a moderate correlation with Mendeley and significant but weak correlations with Tweets and CiteULike in 7 disciplines.	4
Spearman correlations were used to assess the relationship between the indicators because some were skewed.	3
The network with the highest number of coauthors (114,169) and coauthorships (659,332) belonged to the health sciences area, created from 272,783 Lattes CVs.	4
Using an observational approach with a large dataset of peer-reviewed papers in computer systems, we systematically evaluate the effects of different prestige metrics, aggregation methods, control variables, and outlier treatments.	3
The purpose was to determine whether a relationship exists between journal downloads and either faculty authoring venue or citations to these faculty, or whether a relationship exists between journal rankings and local authoring venues or citations.	1
The setting of this study is a social science research institute in Norway, with a research staff of about 60 full-time equivalents.	1
I examined the most recent 75 publications in Philosophers' Imprint, the most widely known and highly respected Open Access philosophy journal.	3
The Leiden algorithm was used to maximize the Constant Potts Model as quality function (Traag et al., 2011; Waltman & van Eck, 2012).	3
In this study, we found that approximately 1 in 4 abstracts presented at the CCC were published as peer-reviewed full article publications within 2 years.	5
To identify articles authored by researchers affiliated with Malaysian institutions, the search term "Malaysia” was entered in the country affiliation field within the WoS database.	2
In addition, we evaluated the performance of the SentiStrength model (unsupervised) against a standard supervised sentiment classifier, specifically the Support Vector Machines (SVM) algorithm.	3
Bibliometric data attributed to each journal for the year 2012 was acquired from the JCR.	2
Received February 13, 2017; revised January 30, 2018; accepted February 28, 2018	0
The goal of this study was to measure the scientific output of 480 authors—leaders in 12 selected branches of medicine, using both the h-index and the SQI.	1
The most productive year span is 2017-2021 (44.76% of the total paper published).	4
All evaluations below are performed for the case of six PR classes yielding the I3(6) indicator for the total score or, respectively, the R(6) = I3(6)/N indicator for the relative score, normalizing I3 with the total number N of publications in the data set, as proposed by Bornmann and Mutz (2011).	3
The model gives conditions under which inferior paradigms prevail when they are in contest with better ones.	5
According to the model, if academic age increases by one year, biological age increases by 0.6 years on average.	4
Six hundred sixty-nine invitations, i.e., 76.46%, originated from journals and publishers included in Beall's lists and the Predatory Reports of Cabell's Scholarly Analytics (Table 1).	4
The general medical journals are visible to all, publish material of interest to all and will therefore be a probable reference to an article on any subject.	5
Table 3 shows Spearman rank correlation test between the scholars' productivity/performance (as measured by their publication count and h-index) and their network-based centrality (degree, clustering coefficient, betweenness and closeness centralities), and structural and power diversity measures for both IS and ISLS datasets.	3
We analyzed and refined articles published in 2014 in the three journals.	2
We find no overall gender differences in getting a tenured position when considering all psychologists and holding research productivity and other observable factors constant.	4
Sydney was the leading region, followed by Adelaide and Melbourne.	5
We compare the evolution of Mexican scientific production in Scopus and the Web of Science as well as Mexico's scientific productivity in relation to the growth of the National Researchers System of Mexico is analyzed.	1
One of the strategies to sort out diverse notions of quality (and their presuppositions) is the question of a sovereign or an authority, that is who is a sovereign legitimizing the quality notion given, or, to put it differently, who is the authority behind the notion?	3
In contrast to our expectations, however, it appears that the two dimensions do not substantially influence the organizational responses of the groups to the increasing importance of excellence funding arrangements.	5
A theory of "megacitation" is introduced and used in an experiment to demonstrate how a qualitative scholarly book review can be converted into a weighted bibliometric indicator.	1
Research outputs, countries, institutions, authors, major journals, cited articles, subject area and hot research topics were analyzed to base on bibliometrics methodologies.	3
Downloaded by Eastern Michigan University At 00:44 17 October 2017 (PT)	0
In addition, our research suggests the key role of a major, long-term, publicly funded and centralized program of research grants, particularly for doctoral and post-doctoral grants based on independent national assessments of individual proposals, totally independent of any higher education institution.	5
Secondly, it shows the efficacy of the immediacy index as a measure of the short-term impact of papers at the level of domains.	5
This classification covered all participating reviewers, and resulted in 181 seniors out of 289 reviewers in the non-anonymous condition and 169 seniors out of 289 reviewers in the anonymous condition, as detailed in Table 1.	2
To test whether there is a macro impact of participation in CCES on the bibliometric indicators, we computed a segmented regression, which is a commonly used statistical approach for analysis of interrupted time series (Sauter, Mutz and Munro 1999; Wagner et al.	3
Management-centric models and structures of research governance can positively contribute to scientific performance, provided they are supported by advisory groups of mainstream scientists or academics at key hierarchical levels of governance.	5
The aim is to contextualize this process, in a broad sense, thus establishing the similarities to and differences from European (n = 33,615) and Latin American (n = 5,160) Communication research during the same period.	1
Article history: Received 2 January 2010 Received in revised form 22 April 2010 Accepted 3 May 2010	0
The results of the unrestricted growth of science calculations show that the overall growth rate amounts to 4.10% with a doubling time of 17.3 years.	4
The results show that the knowledge diffusion breadth of library and information science is wide, spreading to 21 ESI disciplines; the knowledge spread mainly concentrates in four soft or applied disciplines, and yet partially inter-disciplinary, and the knowledge diffusion intensity to each ESI discipline is parabolic whose highest point is mostly in 2004–2005; the speed of spreading to the 21 ESI disciplines is faster and faster, and the articles at the highest speed of knowledge diffusion are basically published after 2005; the knowledge diffusion themes are becoming increasingly diverse, deepening and specialization over time.	4
The issue's success from the start demonstrated that ECR research into contemporary issues is of the highest quality and importance to both academics and policymakers alike.	4
In this survey we aimed to investigate the prevalence of scam email invitations to publish and present that radiology trainees receive and to assess the association of such unsolicited invitations with the trainee's academic portfolio.	1
However, there is growing resistance and opposition to the homogenizing influence of the rankings in many parts of the world.	4
Specifically, we calculate the normalised scholarly impact of publication i as its citations accrued up to 31/12/2022, normalised to the reference distribution, i.e.	3
The network analysis shows that the majority of academics are not related to each other; they are isolated, generating 40 endogamy networks (Figure 5).	4
Our research can enhance the objectivity of the resulting main paths and promote broader application of the main path analysis.	5
From Table 5, the contributors selected from the field 'Network Science' are found to possess citation excess profiles, which means they are still enjoying and can continue to enjoy the stature of outstanding contributors due to the citations they have capitalized through their outstanding contributions.	4
The Journal of Civil Engineering and Management occupies the twelfth position according to Impact Factor, while it was ranked as the 25th among 30 journals from Q1 when 7 different indicators were considered and the proposed aggregated approach was applied.	4
Each additional permanent reviewer in an applicant's area, holding constant total related reviewers, increases that applicant's chances of being funded by 2.2 percent.	4
The average age of the HCR (n = 70) is 55 (M = 55.3, MDN = 55, MIN = 36, MAX = 81).	4
We have conducted a long-term longitudinal study of the 'outputs' submitted across these exercises for review by the law panels.	1
Almost 30% of all articles were classified as business models, which is more than two times greater than all other barrier types.	4
We present productivity and impact in the form of an h-index, a g-index, and an m-index (Ding & Cronin, 2011; Egghe, 2006; Hirsch, 2005; Tsay, 2009).	3
The important thing to understand here is that we do not need journals to publish anymore.	4
Compared with the impact factor (IF2018), average impact factor percentile (aJIFP), journal index of PR8 (JIPR8), IFlog and relative impact factor (rlF2018), and other indicators, cnlFlog1.5 exhibits the least variation among the journals from the eight different fields.	4
Finally, we match our sample of applicants to publication records in Scopus and PubMed to obtain covariates including applicant career lengths, journal article publication rates, and publications in the top 10 percent of journals by impact factor.	2
In this work, for inventor collaboration recommendations, a minimal link semantics (MLS) approach based framework is built to overcome these major drawbacks and to improve usability.	5
In conclusion, during its first quarter of a century, JCF has emerged as an important academic outlet in corporate finance as documented by its growth in the number of publications and citations.	5
This paper fills this gap by investigating the postretraction productivity (number of articles published per year), impact (number of citations per paper), and collaboration practices (number of authors, institutions, and countries per article) of co-authors involved in cases of scientific misconduct in the biomedical field.	1
The author connectivity scores show that in CHum, LLC, and AAAG, there is a relatively small cohort of authors who co-publish with a wide set of other authors, and a longer tail of authors for whom co-publishing is less common.	4
The mean values represent the level of agreement from 1 = strongly disagree to 5 = strongly agree.	0
We retrieved 1045 publications of various types from the Scopus database spanning 29 years.	4
Finally, these statistical insights serve as an essential foundation and benchmark for policymakers seeking to align their strategies with renewable energy production goals by addressing the role of semiconductors, AI, geopolitical risks, and their combined impact.	5
The coefficient of determination (R2) was used to determine the proportion of variance in the data that was accounted for by the correlations discovered.	3
Here we denote the RCA for publications as Revealed Scientific Advantage (RSA), and define it as the ratio of the fraction of publications in a subject within a country’s total publications to the fraction of publications in that subject in world total publications.	3
Since there was no data in the normal data distribution, the Spearman correlation coefficient was used for correlation analysis.	3
As the class in these kinds of studies is usually unbalanced, because there are fewer accepted projects than rejected projects, how the use of an imbalanced dataset or a balanced dataset affects to the models is investigated by using several resampling methods.	3
Transcripts were thematically analysed using an inductive approach to identify emerging themes.	3
Therefore, where exactly the current evolutionary processes would lead to in the future remains to be seen.	0
The authors would like to thank an Associate Editor, and the referees for their helpful comments, which greatly improved the paper.	0
In this paper, we analyze the emergence and spatial diffusion of knowledge in the field of laser technology in West Germany from the inception of this technology in 1960 until 2005, a period of 45 years.	1
A total of 66 radiology journals from 27 publishers were identified from the updated version of the original Beall's list.	2
This article developed a theoretical model to show that collaboration with top-funded scientists has a positive effect on the number of articles published by a scientist.	5
NIFU – Nordic Institute for Studies in Innovation, Research and Education, Wergelandsveien 7, NO-0167 Oslo, Norway	0
Received 2 June 2022; Received in revised form 12 April 2023; Accepted 16 April 2023	0
We retrieved the related articles with the term “open access" with the help of keyword retrieval, and the time span was not limited.	2
In this study, we construct a dataset for transdisciplinary citation content analysis using citations and academic full texts from the Chinese Social Sciences Citation Index (CSSCI), which includes 14,832 manually-annotated citations.	2
The analysis also highlights the total number of COVID-19 publications, monthly split-up, subspecialty-wise distribution, citation analysis, and the percentage growth rate.	1
1 indicates that normalized impact above average (NI = 1) is only attained for institutions with a Q1 share above 40%.	4
Our conceptual model posits that the link between research areas and scientific productivity is neither simple nor direct.	1
We used SCImago to collect the impact factor information of journals in which the articles were published for the period of 1996 to 2010.	2
Metadata information on the documents was saved as an R data frame in the environment of R version 4.1.3 (R Core Team, 2023) and analyzed using the package for science mapping bibliometrix (Aria & Cuccurullo</PERSON>, 2017).	3
1 Institute of Basic Science of Health, Universidade Federal do Rio Grande do Sul,	0
For English papers published by Chinese[5] scholars in the field of agricultural economics research, SSCI serves as the data resource.	2
In the following, the citation of authors and their co-cited relationship are described.	0
The analysis focuses exclusively on young Romanian adults belonging to Generation Z.	1
These are encouraging results that suggest ANZ universities are performing well, with 75% of these universities scoring above the mean and median.	4
This study employed co-authorship analysis combined with social network analysis.	3
Tuberculosis (230; 9.55%), malaria (223; 9.26%), and hepatitis (189; 7.8%) were the top three infectious diseases studied as according to the retrieved documents.	4
Web of Science was used to identify articles in the field of knee arthroplasty from 2011 to 2015.	2
Decomposing the global index into its two components requires making a choice for the weight of each reference and hence for the weight of each article.	3
Keywords COVID-19 · Coronavirus · Pandemic · Bibliometric · Citation analysis · Social sciences	0
We initially searched for all articles using the following key words: (1)“rehabilitation” and “virtual reality”; (2) "rehabilitation” and “virtual scene"; (3) “rehabilitation” and “virtual enviroment”; (4) “rehabilitation” and “augmented reality”; (5)“rehabilitation” and “mixed reality" in the title, keywords, and abstract fields.	2
This paper analyzes several well-known bibliometric indices using an axiomatic approach.	1
While research metrics have been tracked for decades, Google Scholar profiles can provide a wide variety of research groups with an easy, simple, free, and scalable solution to the problem of tracking their collective scholarly output.	5
We show that nonselective megajournals have started to decline in all bibliometric parameters.	5
The findings indicate that the iSchools can be seen as interdisciplinary environments from a macroscopic perspective, but each individual iSchool has its own strengths and specializations.	4
By supplementing the JCR citation data with other publicly available data and our two rounds of surveys of journal editors, we constructed a unique panel dataset that contains various journal characteristics such as submission fee, fee paid to a journal referee for reviewing, and the number of new submissions for the years of 2008 and 2013 (Thompson Scientific, Institute for Scientific Information 2008 and 2013).	2
Received November 16, 2006; revised January 22, 2007; accepted January 22, 2007	0
It adopts Pettigrew's contextualist methodology, taking a case study approach and combining quantitative survey data with qualitative insight (Sminia 2016).	3
This study used panel data from the top universities in the QS ranking and ARWU ranking to evaluate the impact of these initiatives on university rankings using a Staggered Difference-in-Differences Model and explore the underlying reasons for heterogeneity in effectiveness across different regions and countries.	1
funding awardees have 0.983 (p < 0.01) more articles published in CCF-A journal/conference proceedings than those nonfunded equivalents in the control group.	4
Encouragingly, though, South-North collaborations have increased from 2% in 1990 to 18% in 2020.	4
It is fair and it rewards genuine cooperation in academic publishing.	5
Using the weight values obtained from these methods, countries were ranked by three different MCDM methods used for ranking purposes.	3
Qualitative approaches to research underpin this project (Ezzy, 2002).	3
The sampling procedure was based on several criteria: 1.	3
The correlations between a Nature descriptor and financial data describing the involvement of the individual countries and universities undoubtedly indicate that the country level provides much better models than the university one.	4
It means that including more citation-intensive interdisciplinary components can increase the scientific impact of interdisciplinary research.	4
This is especially true of chemical engineering, which has been subjected to relatively little citation analysis.	0
The sample of academic researchers consisted of two PhD students (one of whom was an industrial PhD), three associate professors and one full professor.	2
identify a molecule that expands human stem cell numbers in cord blood.	3
On multivariate analysis, 3 variables were found to independently predict the number of citations: study subject (endovascular-related studies; regression coefficient [95% confidence interval], 0.474 [0.240–0.708]; P < 0.001); study design (randomized controlled trial; regression coefficient [95% confidence interval], 0.575 [0.145–1.005]; P = 0.009); and article length (number of pages; regression coefficient [95% confidence interval], 0.069 [0.016–0.123]; P = 0.011).	4
The data were collected from the Web of Science in January and February 2007 and comprise 2,373 publications with a total number of 25,554 citations.	2
(f) Determine membership of Iranian researchers in editorial boards of predatory OA journals.	1
2), with the decrement being around 10 times on average, and as large as 15 times in some cases.	4
The highest numbers of direct collaborations between countries were found between the United States and Canada working together on n = 56 papers and the United States together with South Korea counting n = 54 joint publications.	4
It can be concluded that regarding the fact that hijacked journals and publishers are flourishing and booming day by day, researchers must take certain steps toward improving their knowledge of these types of journals and the possible ways through which they can recognize and differentiate them.	5
The first is the ongoing struggle over the form of open access publishing that is a reaction to an unprecedented, in scientific history, capture of publishing/indexing practices by corporate for-profit oligopolies.	5
This paper draws on a case study of China and empirical data collected through semi-structured interviews with a wide range of academics and stakeholders.	3
Unsolicited emails from plastic surgery or “generic surgery” research journals addressed to the senior author (AT) from January 11, 2019 to April 11, 2019, were included in this study.	2
Particularly, the integrative model fuses the term co-occurrence networks of basic and applied research, which expands the completeness of topic networks by enhancing the semantic characteristics of these networks.	3
The occurrence of SBs raises questions about the relevance of short-term citation-based metrics for the evaluation of scientific impact.	5
PhD recruitment was assessed for all students and was defined as enrolment in the PhD programme at Health, AU, before 2 August 2013.	3
We displayed percentages instead of raw citation counts to remove disparity due to differences in the number of publications over different years.	0
We find that, compared to productive scientists, impactful scientists show strong preference of collaboration with high-impact scientists on a new topic.	4
The smallest slope encountered among the successive regression models is the one that relates the paper count to the h(2) index: increasing the number of papers in the self-citing sequence by one only seems to increase this index by 0.079.	4
Thus, by recommending that only the fittest methods and approaches survive, we anticipate that more research that is valued in the academic marketplace will be produced in the future.	5
Research activities are distributed in geographic space much more evenly than they were in the past, and it would be logical for research resources to be allocated accordingly, to adapt to this new geography.	5
To reduce the citation inflation effect, we calculate the 5-year citation percentile for all papers published in the publication year.	3
After these filters, there were 1,360 journals in the data set, 270 of which were covered by WoS (20% of the population of journals identified).	2
As shown in the figure, the number of publications in IJHCS has remained relatively stable over the years, while the CHI conference has grown massively, now publishing over 1,200 papers per year (including extended abstracts, symposia, and workshops).	4
The data also indicate a widespread lack of knowledge of specific directories: 29% do not use them and 45.4% do not know what they are, and regarding metasearch engines, 31% do not use them and 55.8% do not know they exist (see Table 6).	4
The study introduces a methodology to assess whether research organizations specialize in disciplines where they hold a competitive advantage, emphasizing the importance of aligning competitive standing with disciplinary specialization.	1
We used general linear models (GLM) for the h-index, citation rate, and citations/ year, because the normality of the residuals was confirmed, and generalized linear models (GLM) for total citations as response variable, using a negative binomial distribution with log-link function, in which the homocedasticity and the lack of overdispersion of the residuals were confirmed.	3
We test the effects of study variables separately by linear regressions.	3
For evaluating the extrinsic nature of ranking bias, we use Jensen-Shannon divergence to assess how well the results of each algorithm match the gold standard.	3
This study provides a ranking of Economics Departments of Greek universities.	1
The purpose of this study was threefold: (i) to investigate the total number of Australian publications and cumulative impact factor in Orthopaedic Surgery in the 15 highest rated orthopaedic journals over a 5-year period, based on the 2015 impact factor; (ii) to establish how many of these publications were authored or co-authored by Australian trained orthopaedic surgeons; and (iii) to specifically investigate the subspecialty/anatomic region of the published article and the location where the research was performed.	1
One of the simplest evidences of rising popularity of interdisciplinary, one can think of, is the growth of the number of interdisciplinary papers over the years.	0
This analysis demonstrates that the index h will still grow more or less unaffectedly for several years, even if no new publications are added.	5
We applied the method to the information science field based on 91,978 papers published between 1979 and 2018 from the Web of Science.	2
Researchers in the ses- sions each sat with a laptop or tablet around a round table, and during the sessions made extensive use of a digital tool called “Meetingsphere”.	3
LIS research is methodologically increasingly scattered since survey, scientometric methods, experiment, case studies and qualitative studies have all gained in popularity.	4
The level of evidence analysis revealed that over 30% of the articles fell into higher levels of evidence (levels 1 and 2).	4
The data show that some journals cover large numbers of authors, but compete with other journals in subcommunities.	4
We searched for literature related to this topic using the keywords "isostatic pressing” in OpenAlex and Scopus, and merged the list of literature found on both platforms.	2
Surgical papers had a lower rate of citation (2.18) at two years than basic science or clinical medical papers (4.68).	4
Biographical note: EDWARD NADEL completed his doctorate in Sociology at the State University of New York (Stony Brook) in the summer of 1978.	0
However, inbred mobile faculty publish more papers, books, and conference proceedings, pointing out, once again, to a positive effect that inbreeding combined with mobility seems to have on productivity.	4
The DATA BASE for Advances in Information Systems - Summer 1997 (Vol.	0
1 American Institute of Biological Sciences - Scientific Peer Advisory and Review Services Division, Reston, Virginia, United States of America, 2 Florida State University, Department of Biological Science, Tallahassee, Florida, United States of America	0
The criteria of the OA spectrum categories [11] have been applied to the SciELO health journals to assess their degree of openness taking into account only the first four variables of the spectrum with five levels ordered by degree of openness, and with discrete values as follows:	3
Two study programs for art history at the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, correspondingly from 1968 and 2000, form the basis; the keywords in the upper right box are imports from the curriculums and operate at a very general level as epistemological settings for the remaining content.	2
Consistent with the main hypothesis of this study, results show that the smaller the size of the company, the more dependent it is on OA research for its internal R&D leading to patents.	4
Research: Is a clearly feasible dimension, in which the several indicators are based on bibliometric data or international databases.	4
RQ1.Which type of correlation exists among the author count-based metrics?	1
This study aims to (1) compare the bibliometric indexes of articles (TC, CNCI, CP, JIF, and the SIGAPS category) from funded and unfunded studies and (2) determine if it is possible to identify factors that could explain why an article is frequently cited.	1
As well as the non-parametric tests, we also applied a multivariate analytical method, known as HJ-Biplot.	3
In the Scopus US network, a single cluster is consistently the winner all through the time horizon of our study.	4
The Athens University of Economics and Business displays the highest impact, with 64.2 citations per faculty member, given its comparatively high productivity (10.7 papers per faculty member), and also because these papers have on average a higher impact (6.0 citations per paper).	4
The problem of evaluating and ranking performance in groups and institutions is present in almost every organizational context, from public institutions to private companies.	1
Comparing the men, women had less published papers (146024 vs.	4
In this paper, we propose a new criterion for choosing between a pair of classification systems of science that assign publications (or journals) to a set of clusters.	1
The results suggest that the paper walls erected by such policies reduce not just the mobility of individuals, but also the diffusion of knowledge.	4
Table 2 shows an example of multiple DOI assignments by the Scopus database, in which each of the eight DOIs reported (i.e., i–viii) is mistakenly assigned to two or more different articles.	4
A common practice in ACA is to interpret clear and large factors as specialties and authors’ loadings on factors as the degrees to which authors belong to the respective specialties.	0
The aim of this study was to assess the policies of co-first authorship, co-senior authorship, and designation of a corresponding author in the radiology literature.	1
ALMetrics is focused on the quantitative analysis of an author's performance by measuring the dimensions of their intellectual activity as shown through varied metric indicators.	1
There were only eight semicolons in the sample, so these were not studied.	0
The sociality of a technology takes both terms and authors into consideration.	3
We examined the instructions to authors posted on the websites of the top 10 journals that used the BC/B.C.	3
This paper examines the effects of evaluating technological practices with a methodology originally designed to assess science.	1
There were 242 responses, comprising 50% research students, 32.2% research staff and 17.8% faculty members.	2
We extracted data from ScholarOne on 19 December 2014 for all ‘standard’ papers submitted to Functional Ecology between 1 January 2004 and 30 June 2014 (inclusive).	2
Este estudo compara o perfil da publica??o científica brasileira e o da chinesa na área de Ciência da Informa??o indexada na Web of Science.	1
Error bars represent the upper and lower bounds of 95% confidence intervals.	0
The situation with regard to ethnicity is inevitably bound up with immigration policy.	5
The dataset included payment data for 885 articles, demonstrating that these 16 libraries had paid more than 1.2 million USD for APCs between 2009 and 2018.	4
The research methods we utilized in this study (BC and AWS) have the potential to be applied to other bibliometric analyses in the future.	5
Jordan and Qatar demonstrate the identification of national priorities and societal challenges as a means for fostering international collaboration and narrowing the research agenda.	4
With regard to the major fields of Malaysian research, Fig.	4
This content downloaded from 185.44.77.82 on Thu, 12 Jun 2014 12:29:19 PM	0
(Note the scale change of the ordinate axis between the three graphs.)	0
EXACT DETAILS ON USAGE OF ISI, SCOPUS, AND PUBLISH OR PERISH	0
We examined the characteristics of the articles, such as the number of citations, ranking, authorship, article title, year of publication, publishing journal, publication type, and topic categories.	3
More studies have been published in Chinese journals than in English, due to the epicenter being located in Wuhan, China before March 1st 2020.	5
For this study, we consider a complete bibliography of Nobel laureate Joshua Lederberg produced by HistCite in February 2008.	2
On April 4, 2018, we used the Web of Science2 to identify the citation counts of articles authored by the top 20 AJNR contributors and determined whether the citing articles were published in a radiology or nonradiology journal.	2
Due to the specific nature of the citation data, which is characterized still by a large number of papers with zero citations and a high degree of overdispersion we use a negative binomial regression model with robust standard errors.	3
4.424, p = 0.00 < 0.05) and in terms of the number of citations (z = ?	4
First-degree team size (FN?) was measured by the total number of people who are directly connected to the scholar (i.e., the total number of coauthors of the scholar).	3
Therefore, previous studies that have examined how to measure the internationality of journals as well as those that have examined conversion to open access are significant for this study.	0
VOSviewer (v.1.6.12) is used for creating, visualizing, and exploring scientific maps (Van Eck and Waltman, 2010) of the bibliometric study.	3
We begin to address these questions in two studies.	1
A total of 1210 research articles of science disciplines (almost 49 articles per researcher) and 680 research articles of social science disciplines (almost 28 articles per researcher) are downloaded for analysis.	2
The rest of the essay proceeds as follows: Section 2 briefly tracks the evolution of JBR during 1973 and 2020.	0
The network was generated from Scopus data (2003-2012) and from the thematic classification of journals used in SJ&CR.	2
An increase in authorship rate was observed in the radiologic and general medical literature between 1998 and 2022, and the number of authors per article was independently associated with later year of publication.	5
It is important for librarians to understand faculty views of JIFs and their criteria for choosing journals for publication, so that librarians are better equipped to guide researchers in considering their academic goals, needs, and personal values.	5
Also, the results demonstrate that the participation of the United States and China have promoted the international collaboration in the field of AI.	4
Clear links are observed between the geographical origins of each outbreak as well as the local geographical severity of each outbreak and the magnitude of research originated from regions.	4
Results are presented in the results section and discussed in the final discussion and conclusion section.	0
The results reveal a similar behaviour for actors' productivity and performance in terms of the association with all four groups of variables.	4
Although randomness should be particularly significant for evaluation exercises conducted at the level of individual scientists, but decrease with the increasing aggregation of larger units of analysis, the authors believe that a worthwhile future aspect of this research would be apply the stochastic method to the evaluation of research teams, departments and entire institutions.	5
The overall aim of this study was to explore the bibliometric characteristics of JAN over the past 40 years in honour of the 40th anniversary of the journal.	1
received 26 February 2021; accepted in final form 14 May 2021	0
At the 90th percentile of societal visibility, disruptive innovation exerts a substantial impact with a coefficient of 2.797, nearly double the mean regression result.	4
Whelan, Editor-in-Chief of the FASEB Journal, but assumes responsibility for the final analysis and any errors.	0
The analysis shows that articles with empirical research, quantitative research and/or survey are more likely to have a higher number of coauthors than articles based on theoretical, interview, and qualitative research.	4
Our results showed that hiring faculty with foreign training, “returnees” or foreign faculty, is a mechanism for accessing a larger network and resources available in other countries.	5
Our purpose in this study is to identify the research institutions from the OM community that have shaped and defined the POM journal through the research articles of their affiliated faculty and doctoral graduates.	1
In addition, the academic culture might provide more insight on the non-significant effects of domestic collaboration.	0
Second, I collected data from Web of Science on the number of authors of papers published in all issues of Ecology every 10 years from 1956 to 1996 and every 5 years from 2001 to 2016, as well as from the journals American Naturalist, Evolution, and Oikos every 5 years from 2001 to 2016.	2
social, political, performance-based) which are not official criteria, do participants identify as nonetheless important in assessment processes?	1
* My thanks to Louise Neilson and Michael Zich, I am deeply grateful for their assistance with this manuscript.	0
For each paper, we construct an ego-centred citation network using Python automatic scripts.	3
A coupling evaluation model is employed to assess the coupling index between digital technology innovation and green technology innovation in China's 30 provinces from 2011 to 2021, and employs the STIRPAT model to examine the impact of the coupling index on carbon emissions, spatial effects, and heterogeneity.	1
Beside the total number of publications and their citations, the modified h-index, 12 the citation rate and the international collaborations were analysed whereby the country of origin is defined by the specification of author's institutional addresses.	3
The platform contributes to openly shared editorial procedures for scholarly journals and ultimately aims to facilitate responsible journal management.	1
International Journal of Computers, Communications & Control (IJCCC ) is the journal with the strongest citation bursts 11.578, which is at least twice than those of others.	4
We used the above definitions to classify each health research project as basic, clinical or public health research, and the Global Burden of Disease (GBD) classification11 for the disease condition(s).	3
Monotonicity: If x ≤ y, then f(x) ≤ f(y).	2
Considering the interdependence structure between third-party funds, publications, and citations, we employ a panel vector autoregressive model with exogenous variables (PVARX).	3
J. Newman (University of Michigan) for providing code for disambiguating author names in APS data and Raf Guns (University of Antwerp) for comments on link prediction processes in LinkPred.	0
In May 2012 we downloaded all BKCI records and created a relational database for data processing and to calculate the indicators.	2
The median AAS, PlumX score, and citation count were 4922.50, 37.92, and 24.00, respectively.	4
This examination of retractions in the literature was guided by the Preferred Reporting Items of Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) 2020 guidelines (Page et al., 2021).	3
For our 'response variables', we considered two sets of bibliometric indicators that are widely used to evaluate the research performance of Russian scientists.	3
RG of very high rank journals stand even further apart, as they include 45% less gatekeeping instructions but four times more developmental instructions.	4
The manuscript will undergo copyediting, typesetting, and review of the resulting proof before it is published in its final form.	0
Overall, 26% of tweeters use more than one language to tweet scientific products, while 49% of scientific tweeters tweet everything in English only.	4
Our analysis provides an insight to the prevalent areas of study being cited within our field of practice.	5
Nous avons montré que ce filtre par le facteur d'impact relatif était générique, et pouvait être appliqué à une requête quelconque de Medline/PubMed.	5
The findings reveal that both full-OA adopters and partial adopters exhibit greater market power than non-adopters.	5
The search was further refined by publication year, focusing specifically on works published between 2014 and 2023.	2
Further analysis of the 93,867 nuclear physics authors shows only 43,037 individuals who have published first-author papers, including 35,338 non-alphabetical author lists.	4
The study team then standardized both institution and individual names before analyzing the data.	3
consensus of the business and management and STEM research, supported by the Hierarchy of Sciences hypothesis.	5
No data was generated or analyzed for the current study.	2
Publishing in oncology OA journals will yield more impact, in term of citations, and will reach boarder audience.	5
The exponent for the distribution to citations was ?2.46 ± 0.05, p = 0.15, while the exponent for the distribution of degree centrality was ?2.26 ± 0.24, p = 0.82.	4
The ratio of cross-institutional ties to all ties is also represented, showing an increase from 67% in 2007 to an overall average of 89% by 2013.	4
The author is indebted to two Scientomterics anonymous referees and the editor of this journal, Prof.	0
Terms & Conditions of access and use can be found at http:// www.tandfonline.com/page/terms-and-conditions	0
Because this type of accreditation depends on previously published papers, the term “secondary” may be added before the indices.	3
We performed a bibliometric analysis using the international databases Web of Science (WOS) and PubMed, including in our analysis all the articles that had been published during the period of 1990 to 2019, inclusive (30 years).	2
All statistical analysis was conducted using SPSS (version 22, SPSS Inc., Chicago, IL, USA)	3
Subsequently, the case studies are centred around three-to-five-year funded research projects which started in 2015–16, according to the typical duration of the societally targeted grants awarded by IFD, NWO, and RCN.	2
The research is supported by the Economic and Social Research Council [Grant number PTA-026-27-2228].	0
The Scopus database has been used to retrieve the documents of ESWA journal and all associated information required for this analysis.	2
Na Plataforma Lattes do Conselho Nacional de Desenvolvimento Científico e Tecnológico (CNPq) foi feito levantamento dos currículos registrados de pesquisadores com doutorado que possuíssem a palavra Quimiometria como assunto indicado no título ou palavra-chave da produ??o.	2
This paper addresses two common concerns in national research policy: are women making a proportionate contribution in research, and are countries welcoming to researchers from other countries?	1
Finally, the author uses the function y = x + axβ(1 – x)γ to model these so-called Lorenz curves and mentions that as the parameter a is positive for his data there is a positive correlation between article number and impact factor.	3
To examine these patterns, we constructed the coauthorship network based on publications indexed in Scopus with a “complete” or “sociocentric” (Marsden 2002) network approach.	1
All content following this page was uploaded by Isaac Nketsiah on 15 February 2023.	0
This paper presents an original contribution by addressing the changing composition and trends of regional health research networks in Brazil over time.	1
The assignment of journals into categories is based on a review of the journals content, as well as on the analysis of emergent patterns in cited/citing journals (personal communication).	0
All tweets containing the string “vosviewer.com” until 31 March 2020 were gathered from Twitter using the TweetDeck dashboard application,19 without any time restriction.	2
The assessors are requested to provide a structured commentary on the paper, to grade the paper, and to make a recommendation as to whether the paper should be accepted, revised or rejected.	0
Building upon the identified positive relationship between publication pressure and QRPs, this study reveals that moral disengagement serves as a full mediator in this relationship.	5
This study also found that public non-teaching hospitals, not-for-profit private hospitals, for-profit private hospitals, and cancer centres collaborated with other institutions which were often distinguished by publishing in high-category journals.	5
The overall cost per publication was ￡14,970 (￡7457-￡24,998 [￡2212–￡73,755]) and the cost per citation was ￡1515 (￡323–￡3785 [￡70–￡36,182]), with 1 (0–2 [0-8]) publication and 4 (0–25 [0–265]) citations resulting per grant.	4
For faculty members and doctoral students: Percentage of references made to theses, conference proceedings, and journal articles.	0
The revision and possible search combinations started on SCOPUS and Web of Science (WoS) databases.	2
Overall, 7,884 papers are included in this research.	2
We further calculate, based on the bootstrap method, 95% confidence interval for the observed values of the invariant method.	1
The current study applies the hIa (Harzing et al.	1
Two metrics are designed, including average knowledge flow and average shortest distance.	3
Do scholars use informal channels, such as social networks, as publishing and dissemination platforms?	1
There is a scarce production during the first three decades with a positive trend in the most recent period 2000-2018.	4
The analysis is based on the data from the Scopus citation database.	2
The study was a bibliometric analysis of PubMed and IndMed databases for years 2000–2010.	2
The study made use of the already existing retrieval strategies and profiles developed and tested in the context of the SAPIENS project for the use in WoS.	3
A list of (fully and provisionally) accredited museums in the United Kingdom, Channel Islands, and the Isle of Man1 from Arts Council England was used to identify mentions of UK museums and art galleries in the ICSs.	2
Utilizing ontology based named entity recognition, the system identifies keywords associated with the domains of SI, VT and VV, facilitating the screening of methodologies employed in the paper.	3
Note that for NE, SP and SE the standardized coefficients lose meaning since the explanatory variables are binary.	0
The average number of authors for the 5,533 items was 1,531.19 and the median was 1,112.	4
Because the number of our independent variables is individual fixed effects (gender, university affiliation for the vast majority of scientists), we estimate random effect 2SLS regressions for panel data (with the xtivreg command in Stata).	3
We presented the average value of each feature in Table 1.	0
Regular (full) members and senior members (members over 65 y old, may or may not be practicing) were queried.	2
We conducted a cross-sectional study from October 2018 to March 2019 using a structured self-administered questionnaire.	3
Three MFDs tied for 10th place as measured by the h-index.	0
Interestingly, 92.3% of the studies in our survey (n = 4525) duplicated at least one keyword in either the title or abstract, which we found was occasionally recommended in journal policies.	4
Titles of manuscripts submitted to Functional Ecology became marginally longer (after controlling for other variables), broader in focus (less frequent inclusion of genus and species names), and included more humor and subtitles over the period of the study.	4
Downloaded by New York University At 13:26 22 April 2015 (PT)	0
We undertook an inductive manifest thematic content analysis of the 52 documents, taking the content at face value (Kleinheksel et al.	3
The data in this study is derived from a mixed methods survey targeting academic members of staff in four major Kenyan universities, in four disciplines, Agriculture, Engineering, Public Health and Computing.	2
We would like to thank the anonymous referees for their important suggestions and to John McBurney for his helpful proofreading comments.	0
At 25 January 2018, we conducted a descriptive statistical analysis of data recording the presence of the selected corpus of articles on the social platforms studied.	3
In a bird's eye view, no index could succeed in elevating a 50% of award winners in the top-ranking.	4
We also carried out this research without any grant funding, only because we thought it intellectually rewarding.	0
The bibliometric data used in this paper are from an in-house database developed and maintained by the Max Planck Digital Library (MPDL, Munich) which is based on the Web of Science (WoS, Clarivate Analytics).	2
Analysis was carried out using Microsoft Excel and SPSS/ PASW version 21.	0
The mapping tools—bibliometric analysis, network theory (backward and forward citation), and tag-clouds—used in this paper to study Vallarta, demonstrate the number of citations of his work increased significantly over the last decades.	5
Mean Altmetric score in the sample was 70.	4
In other words, if a node’s current degree is higher, its influence decay rate will be lower, increasing the probability of attracting new links.	0
We also do not advocate that authors should not self-cite and instead suggest that women should be encouraged to self-cite more frequently where appropriate, because self-citation may have more subtle effects on citation rates, such as enhancing reputation or a form of advertisement (Petersen et al.	5
This exploratory research allows to simultaneously map the convergence of KT, TI and paradigm emergence in the first FDA approved nanodrug.	5
2 Citation ranking and citation counts are used interchangeably, depending on the context.	0
The distribution of citations from review articles shows that novel knowledge essentially derives directly from research articles (53–72 %)—to a much less extent from proceedings publications published in journals (9–13 %).	4
Almost one-half (47%) of all articles published in CEE journals have not been cited at all, while in the case of non-CEE journals the share of non-cited articles amounts to one-fifth (22%).	4
Another interesting characteristic of the program is that it gives the option of standardizing the names of the sources if they are indexed journals of public or customized databases.	3
The next section summarizes the current literature on sponsorship of academic research.	0
Here we are concerned only with the OA journals which make all content open access immediately on publication.	1
We observe that our proposed originality measures have significantly positive correlations with the survey measure of theoretical originality but not with the methodological originality.	4
In this paper, we intend to identify the radical innovations in Biotechnology for Engineering using network analyses.	1
A single keyword search "Santalum album" was used to collect the metadata for the period from 1928 to 2020 (Andreo-Martínez et al., 2020a; Fosso Wamba, 2020; Zeinoun et al., 2020).	2
The peak on October 2003 corresponded to a criminal case in which an expert witness accused the police of forensic “scientific misconduct," and that phrase was repeated in dozens of articles.	0
A key takeaway for university administrators is that a multifaceted approach to dealing with the problem of research misconduct, which prominently features enhanced formal sanctions, will be met with the support of university faculty.	5
All journals included in the Science edition of the 2008 JCR with a JIF greater than zero were used in this study (n = 6567).	2
The information about characteristics of journals, articles and authors was manually collected from journals' websites.	3
We evaluated the trends in pharma-authored research published as preprints and their scientific and social media impact by analyzing citation rates and altmetrics.	1
The most prevalent reason to participate in a review was to give back to the scientific community (especially among frequent grant submitters) and the most common reason to decline an invitation to review was lack of time.	4
This article used the information and methodological approaches from the MLE on RI and EnTIRE project to present the results on 16 European countries.	3
The process followed the general recommendations of the EQUATOR Network on how to develop a reporting guideline, of which one fundamental part is a consensus process [1].	3
The current study is an attempt to investigate the role of national awards in the scientific research system, in order to identify the characteristics of Egyptian State Award laureates in science and technology during 2012–5, to determine their international literature, and to explore the implications of receiving a national award using bibliometric indicators.	1
Finally the data were analyzed using HistCite1 and SPSS 20.2	3
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the first six unplanned virtual review (VR) sessions conducted during the 2012 hurricane season at the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ), to assess their effects on review outcomes, and to compare them with five face-to-face (FF) sessions.	1
For scientometric analysis, we used the following indices.	3
The participants in this study were those individuals who voluntarily stopped by a poster exhibited at two different venues, specifically, the Division of Chemical Education Poster Session August 21, 2016, and the interdisciplinary, conference-wide SciMix Poster Session August 22, 2016.	2
Access to this document was granted through an Emerald subscription provided by UNIVERSITY OF WESTERN CAPE	0
A purposive sampling method was used to elicit representation across five university areas: Humanities, Science and Engineering, Business, Health Sciences and Aboriginal Studies.	3
Our correlation analysis between the traditional and Twitter citation counts (i.e., the sum of the citation counts of tweet and retweets) in information science results in 0.393 at a significance level of 0.001.	4
For visualization purpose, I discretize LS and let I (J) be the binned LS value of article i (j) and D is the binning function.	0
It was observed that of the total 60 biology journals considered, 25 journals did not maintain the frequency stated in their documentation.	4
RQ5: What are the hot research topics and emerging trends discussed in multimedia big data computing papers?	1
This study uses bibliometric analysis to compare the academic output of plastic surgery units across the UK and Ireland to help guide plastic surgeons to make informed decisions when applying for relevant posts.	1
The advantage of derivative analysis is that it enables the reliable extraction of each sleeping, ascending and declining period from the citation curve.	5
Another reason causing a difference in observed citation rates can be attributed to the database we used.	5
Fellowships in otolaryngology subspecialties are variable in size and scope and include accredited and nonaccredited training programs.	0
The main purpose of this study is to explore and visualize the evolution of collaboration among researchers in the academic discipline of strategic management (SM).	1
We included 377 published articles, with a total of 7077 references.	2
Analysis of the mention features of the policy document mentions gives us another way to understand how it works and how policy document mentions are motivated, with these findings we can do more work to find out the relationship between scientific articles and policy documents.	5
Third, an explanation of the data used and methodology is provided.	0
The aim of the study is to search the analysed data for subsets of articles that are based on a single manuscript, possibly with minor corrections.	1
In this paper we define a suite of metrics for co-authorship graphs to study and characterize the community behind the software conferences included in the CORE ranking list.	1
The trend in citing behavior between 1980 and 2002 was then analyzed using linear mixed-effects models.	3
Using the list of AI journals and conferences in China Computer Federation (CCF) ranks (Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3), we collect a total of 122, 525 papers published from 2005 to 2019.	2
It is known that HDI is a geometric mean of three normalized indices (health, education, and income).	0
Articles authored by men were cited more than those authored by women.	4
This map reveals that international collaboration is not very extensive (as is evident from the thickness of the lines representing co-occurrence of country affiliations) and most collaborating countries/regions work together on very few occasions.	4
Temporal trends in IF, ES, and AIS were analyzed by fitting linear regression models score = βο + β?	3
In a final fifth step, we explored the Pearson correlations between the three indicators of individual interdisciplinarity previously calculated and eight indicators of contribution to collective interdisciplinarity.	3
4 Top productive journals about water resource management and its IF	0
In this study we propose an interdisciplinary metric based on the co-citation network.	1
The authors declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be considered as potential competing interests:	0
With the results properly presented, the threats to validity of this study will be explained in the next section.	0
These 1455 publications only are studied in this paper.	2
Shelia Newman, photograph and biography not available at the time of publication.	0
These data were used to compute four variables for each researcher: the total number of publications in the first five years of their career, the proportion of publications in so-called Q1 journals in those five years, and for the following years, the mean normalized citation score (MNCS) and the total normalized citation score (TNCS).	2
From 2013 to December 2017, 487 doctoral theses that met search criteria had been incorporated into the TESEO database.	2
As a consequence, 609 marketing academics in 45 ANZ universities were included in this phase, compared to the 385 marketing academics in 23 universities who were included in the international comparison.	2
Two heliocentric networks were created (one for each thematic group) in which the international relations of Argentina with other countries are shown.	3
This gives also evidence that Hirsch-type indices have become a tool that is used also outside the informetric community.	5
To bridge this gap, this study devotes to discovering the science-technology-industry linkages of science-based industries from the perspective of mutual citations among scholarly articles, patents, and products.	1
Notably, we have included all authors in this analysis regardless of their relative contribution to the study.	0
The study aims to assess journals' structural influence in Internet research and uncover the impacts of network structures on journals' structural influence drawing on theories of network closure and structural holes.	1
We use actors' co-authors (partners) centrality measures variance to check their influence considering different structural position metrics in the network (i.e., degree, closeness and betweenness centrality measures).	3
In a given discipline, to what extent are the most productive authors the same in both journal classification and paper classification?	1
The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.	0
Fourthly, this verified data was then sorted, analysed and visualised with the help of Excel, SPSS, Ucinet and Netdraw software packages.	3
We searched for papers published in English from January 2006 till February 2018, focusing on journal articles in health-related fields.	2
What are the implications for the discussion of altmetrics and their value for computer science?	1
The scientific impact is presented by normalized numbers of citations.	3
A total of 179 department chairs of surgery were listed in the SSCMD.	2
Results show a strong increase in the propensity to collaborate at domestic level (both extramural and intramural), however this is less for scientists who remain or become top, than it is for their lower-performing colleagues.	4
This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.	0
However, very interesting results have been obtained regarding various aspects of science perception following the implementation of the workshop for children with a STS focus.	5
First, we distinguish between inward and outward influences.	3
However, translational studies have an overall lower impact than their counterpart.	4
The growth of publication output in the Czech Republic was very fast: the annual production increased more than threefold.	4
Two different question guides were employed, one for evaluators and the other for contextualization interviews.	3
News, we set the default score at 1.5 out of 5.	0
Hence, we analyze whether multiple dimensions of proximity play a crucial role in explaining the number of scientific collaborations proxied by co-publications between pairs of countries.	1
Quotations are important for the message of the quoting paper.	5
In this paper, we examined a comprehensive data set of the peer review process for all papers submitted to the Functional Ecology from January 2004 to June 2014 to examine (i) how editor gender influences gender balance in reviewer recruitment, (ii) how reviewer gender influences responses to review invitations and review scores given to papers, and (iii) whether editor seniority and geographic locality mediate the effects of editor and reviewer gender on the peer review process.	1
As it is clear in the bottom of Fig.	4
The main outcome measured was residency program, tiered 1-5 by total departmental faculty research output.	3
We explore how notions of 'responsibility' are experienced and practiced among the very types of professionals international reform initiatives such as the San Francisco Declaration on Research Assessment (DORA) are hoping to mobilize into their cause.	1
We used the count of peer-reviewed research papers retrieved from GS and WoS to quantify the productivity of each focal researcher.	3
The keyword search revolves around the terms: “bank” and “banking”, with either (or both) having to be present in the title or keywords of the article.	2
Of the 440 original articles submitted to AJO-DO in 2008, 116 (26%) were accepted and published an average of 21 months (SD, 5 months) after acceptance.	4
Received 19 October 2006; received in revised form 20 October 2006; accepted 21 October 2006	0
Time spent in teaching was shown to have the strongest explanatory negative effect on future bibliometric performance.	4
In light of rising climate change and environmental risks, findings suggested how the Altman score may preserve its function in getting deeper to prevent business bankruptcy.	5
Citespace software was used to illustrate the research status and hotspots in the field of psychology and to provide a reference for the researchers to carry out related research.	3
In our study, STEMM participants were indeed emphatic and consistent in their drive for impact, exhibiting a close integration of impact with research and weak attachment to disciplinary goals.	5
Fundamental Science Library of the National Academy of Sciences of Armenia ranked first position with 391000 Web Pages and 149000000 in-link web pages and 381.074 RWIF which shows in the Table4.	4
Jointly published by Elsevier Science Ltd, Oxford and Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest	0
More seriously, five papers' funding agencies have been misidentified.	4
Extended author information available on the last page of the article	0
This study revealed the influences of incentives for international publications on research cultures in Chinese HSS, demonstrated by tensions between internationalization and indigenization, quality and quantity, integrity and instrumentalism, equity and inequity.	5
To facilitate the comparisons, we group the 226 WoS Categories into five broad research areas (Natural Sciences, Engineering and Technology, Medical and Health Sciences, Agricultural Sciences, and Social Sciences) according to the OECD classification and distinguish these areas using different colors.	3
Primary diagnosis improved significantly from 53 (46%) to 97 (85%) correct diagnoses with the addition of simulated US (x2 = 37.7, 1df; p = <0.0001).	4
The evolution of search algorithms (based on the Web of Science and Web of Knowledge database platforms) was used to show the impact of errors of omission and commission in the outcomes of scientometric research.	1
This paper uses the method of bibliometric to study the status and development trends of the journal.	1
Although it concentrates on the specific case of telescope time requests at the European Southern Observatory (ESO), the present study was conducted aiming at deriving results of general applicability.	1
These interviews were supported by document review to support the findings.	2
The 7th phase, named InOrdinatio, applies an equation that orders the papers according to its scientific relevance.	3
SIMCA is a multivariate statistical method for supervised classification of data.	3
Information on the country, gender, and academic and/or profes- sional degrees of authors publishing in APM&R was abstracted from hardcopy volumes.	2
In this study, the impact of self-citation (Journal and Author) on impact factor of Iranian English Medical journals in two international citation databases, Web of Science (WoS) and Islamic world science citation center (ISC), were compared by citation analysis.	1
One important implication of the point here is that the use of adjectives and adverbs, particularly that of emotion ones, can be considered as an indicator of text readability.	5
We used a logistic mixed-effect model with a binary dependent variable indicating if an author published in the senior position again in the same journal in the future.	3
Finally, the strongest correlation was observed between scientific output and impact factor of publications in the last 2 years before applying for a Momentum grant.	4
To indicate centrality of nodes, we utilise measures of degree centrality and betweenness centrality.	3
Table 2 Delphi items to reach consensus as very important or strongly supported	0
This may be valued because the articles are “explicitly used” for scholarly related reasons although, as with conventional citations, these Web/URL citations may convey different degrees of use or impact.	0
To the extent that short-term results are necessitated, citation pacing indicators can provide value.	5
Instead of settling for descriptive statistics, you should think about how to more carefully model the process.	5
The third section presents the general trends in publication productivity in the four universities.	0
An important issue is ensuring that enough examples are provided for authors to be able to construct their reference section according to the specifics of that particular journal, especially if that journal has non-standardized features such as JAMIA, “List all authors when there are six or fewer; otherwise list the first six followed by et al”.	0
The correlations for all indicators were analyzed by the Spearman correlation coefficient using IBM SPSS Statistics 23.	3
Data were retrieved from our institution's research networking system, CUSP.	2
Table 3 Regression Results for Effects of Distance on Research Productivity.	0
Bibliometric analysis is used for the purpose of this study.	3
The articles published between the years 1975 and 2018 were downloaded from the Web of Science (WoS; Web of Science Core Collection database maintained by Clarivate Analytics) index and were analyzed using bibliometric methods.	2
Additionally, the core book authors were identified across scientific fields, and differences in citing books covered by Scholarly Publishers Indicators versus books published by local/regional publishers were explored.	3
Minor interdisciplinary and regional differences were found in the motivations for posting preprints.	5
Though while querying for the top journals in ten different fields (Figure 1 b), GS displays its strengths as it retrieves documents from all the selected journals compared to Summon which only retrieved documents from 14 out of 30 journals (Table 1).	4
Because academic performance indicators are also employed in other Eastern European countries in the evaluation of individuals' research performance, the methods used in that paper can be placed into a wider geographical context.	1
In this paper, our research question is what forms of collaboration are more effective at raising scientific universities in Russia.	1
3, by extending conventional citation graphs to heterogeneous graphs of different entities such as scientists, weblogs, and mainstream news.	5
Finally, we find that the historical dominance of the top four universities is diminishing.	4
The United States is the largest contributor, publishing 1148 papers.	4
For accessibility, 126 (53.4%) directly referenced primary sources of evidence that supported the claims made, 36 (15.3%) contained indirect references, 18 (7.6%) provided ‘dead-end' references, and 11 (4.7%) references were completely inaccessible.	4
3), covering three domains: Natural Science and Engineering (NSE), Social Science (SSH), and Medicine (MED).	2
Koenraad Debackere is at the Department of Managerial Economics, Strategy and Innovation, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium; Bart De Moor is at the Department of Electrical Engineering, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Belgium.	0
No grants or funding (save for a salary paid by the Department of Sociology) has been received for this work.	0
In this empirical study we focus on R&D processes leading to HIV/AIDS medicines called Integrase Inhibitors.	1
For detecting the gender status, we apply a combined name and image-based approach introduced by Karimi et al. (2016).	3
The log likelihood ratio statistic, -2ln(λ)=117.8, is large and the statistical preference is for the power law with expo- nential cutoff (as is the preference from the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test).	5
Throughout the design and implementation of these two services, some thematic challenges and lessons have emerged.	5
Sun Yat-sen University produced most highly cited papers(10).	4
The most frequent reason for retraction was data fraud (n = 51).	4
In terms of bibliometric performance, all the CIBER sets showed scores above the country average, thus proving the relevance of these virtual organisations.	4
The study finds that (1) digital technological innovation can significantly reduce carbon emission intensity.	4
We focus our analysis on fixed effect (FE) regression models that include FEs (i.e., indicator/dummy variables) for each PI or lab that sweep out all time-invariant differences across PIs, including differences stemming from differences across fields.	3
To analyze the data, four Excel spreadsheets were created to organize data collected on the citation frequency and themes of the articles.	3
In fact, 35% of the publications present developments in methodology.	4
The results provided a new cluster-based subject structure comprising 290 clusters that emerge by executing Ward's clustering in two phases and using a mixed labeling procedure based on tf-idf scores of the original SJR category tags and significant words extracted from journal titles.	4
It is worth noting that our proposed method comes up with quite different results than the h index, which is one of the most widely used IRO evaluation indicators.	4
These analyses show that, in each sub-period, the number of institutions involved, as measured by papers published, increased significantly and a significant number of new institutions participated in the strategic management community via the SMJ.	4
We sought to examine attitudes and understanding of the Kardashian index by conducting a retrospective observational study of tweets retrieved from the Twitter API, Academic Track.	1
In the simplest terms, with correlation coefficients on the order of 0.62 to 0.64, variability in quantitative measures of research productivity explained less than 40 percent of the variability in academic rank (in a regression model, variability in the Hirsch index explained 37.8 percent of the variability in academic rank; R = 0.378, p < 0.0001).	5
Thematic map analysis was based on density (y-axis) and centrality (x-axis).	3
In terms of citations, we found higher proportions overall of COVID-19 preprints that received at least a single citation (57.9%) than non-COVID-19 preprints (21.5%) during our study period of January 1 to October 31, 2020, although the citation coverage expectedly decreased for both groups for newer posted preprints (Fig 6A).	4
The authors have no funding, financial relationships, or conflicts of interest to disclose.	0
The networks of country, ownership category, organization, researcher in knowledge-transfer are the focus in the further research, which can help to explain the process of knowledge-transfer.	0
Using CrossRef the DOI was translated to the URL of the papers at the publisher's website.	3
To elaborate on OMR's temporal development in terms of publications, authors, affiliated institutions and countries, citation patterns, and conceptual structure, we extract publications from Scopus database for the period 2008–2020.	2
Overall, 368 different impact types were identified and classified into six categories.	4
Performance on the knowledge domain had a statically significant correlation with the reported H-index (r=0.39, P<0.01) and performance on the economy domain statistically significantly correlated with the reported number of patents filed (r=0.38, P<0.01), with collaborations with the industry (r = 0.36, P<0.01) and with spin-off creation (r=0.31, P<0.01).	4
The Chinese case is therefore a fascinating topic for further in-depth study, as well as one that could inspire future comparative work on the re-calibration of university rankings as one representation of the increasingly dynamic global systems of science and higher education in the twenty-first century.	5
Our findings support researchers' decision to stop the misuse of IF alone to evaluate journals.	5
The timelines of all three indicators (IF, SJR and SNIP) were analyzed for the time range 2001-2010.	3
Second is science-based policymaking, and the appropriate use of different analytical approaches in different policymaking processes.	5
In the ARWU general ranking, without distinguishing by subjects, there was only one Spanish university among the 200 first ones, in other words 0.5%.	4
Does the magnitude of variance components differ for internal versus external applicants?	1
30 components were found (Table 3) to be common between the two tools, and so a researcher-made checklist of the SEO components was developed.	4
The keyword "receptor” was mentioned the most, 1489 times, and the word "myeloid cell leukemia-1 (MCL-1)" was the latest hot spot by 2015.	4
Compared with other specialties, neurology-based articles are published more frequently in general medicine journals.	5
RS diversity correlates highest with disparity, while DIV correlates considerably more with the other components such as the Gini index, Simpson, Shannon, and relative variety.	4
Modelling the dependence of the size of GDP per capita (Y) on the mentioned input predictors (X1-X7) was first performed using MLRA.	3
We also selected the first systematic review or meta-analysis published in 2013 from each of the 15 eligible OA journals (Group C; n = 15), and the same for each of the 32 non-OA journals (Group D; n = 32).	2
For our empirical study, we use bibliographic information on worldwide publication data in the field of "Business & Economics” as provided by Web of Science.	2
These insights point toward one final issue that should always be borne in mind by decision makers during a research assessment process: similar to more general aggregation procedures, the h-index and its variants obey the basic principle of converting inputs into outputs.	5
The application of this procedure was limited to scientific publications in Scopus published after 2002.	2
More specifically, we investigate the effects of participation in joint research projects, number of joint research projects, and centrality in the collaborative network on the future funding success of junior researchers in Japan.	1
GCC countries' progressive impact on research is still marginalised.	5
The present analysis investigates seven fields of Sustainable Energy research published 2005–2009 with a citation window of max 7 years (2005–2011): the Wind Power and Renewable Energy subfields representing strong conference paper dependence (40–65 % of publications); Solar and Wave Energy subfields signifying medium conference dependence (26-39 %); and Geo-thermal, Bio-fuel and Bio-mass energy fields demonstrating low conference dependence (<25 %).	1
Accordingly, a sample consisting of 20 experts was chosen after an extensive evaluation of their academic and research profiles which serves the purpose of this study.	2
Keywords: multidisciplinary research; Early Career Researchers (ECRs); academic strategy; research funding.	0
Respondents rated each element in terms of how much it reflects the societal impact of research.	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 61(10):2109–2121, 2010	0
The top 5 institutes with the highest overall number of publications (forming 5.5% of the 91 neurology teaching programs) had contributed 55.67% of all neurology papers and 69% of all original articles published over the past 5 years [Table 2].	4
The raw matrix of co-authored papers represents shared papers during the decade from 2010 to 2019 extracted from the Web of Science Core Collection database by Clarivate Analytics.	2
where RankN is a specific university's ranking score, and Inc A, Inc R, and Inc E refer to the standardization and average for the sum of the percentage scores of the academic, environmental, and resource indicators, respectively.	3
To understand if such focus is influencing the library and information science (LIS) discipline, this paper reports a critical examination of impact case studies submitted to REF 2014 under the Communication, Cultural and Media Studies, Library and Information Management Unit of Assessment.	1
The unit of analysis in regression models presented below is the individual faculty member.	0
Taken together, these results indicate a continuous linkage of public science to private sector inventions.	5
We use bibliographic data to answer the question ‘Did this landmark paper by Novoselov et al.	1
The top 5 journals in general pediatrics, general neurology and neurology subspecialties were identified using the 2017 Journal Citations Report (JCR).	2
Figure 1: Social scientists' concerns regarding social media usage for work purposes (non-service- specific)	0
Centrality, elaborated by Freeman (1979), is a measure that is widely used to find core nodes in networks and to quantify how important they are relative to others.	0
After data collection, SPSS 27.0 software was employed for data entry and processing.	3
We searched the citations of these publications using the Web of Science database (WoS, Clarivate Analytics).	2
The findings of this study suggest that survival as an academic researcher in Australia might now necessitate a thick skin, an entrepreneurial mindset and the adoption of multiple selves.	5
The Cabells' Journal Blacklist was introduced in June 2017 and currently lists over 10,000 predatory journals.	2
Figure 5 A page from bowlingfans.com as of June 22, 2004	0
I shall denote the thus obtained index as hs(y) in the following.	3
This bibliometric citation analysis reveals new, useful, and interesting information about scientific progress in the field of orthodontics.	5
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 58(14):2167–2179, 2007	0
The author selected management journals from the subject category of “management” in the 2013 version of Journal Citation Reports, an annual publication of Clarivate Analytics that provides information about scholarly publications in the natural and social sciences.	2
This article attempts to measure and characterize the research collaboration in the SAARC countries during 2001–2019.	1
We download the publication data from Web of Science for the year 2012.	2
After excluding three papers due to errors, 225 papers - all co-authored were left for further analysis.	2
To examine the number of career development awards per non-psychiatry department, we took the total number of career development awards each year, subtracted the number of career development awards to departments of psychiatry in that same year, and divided by the number of non-psychiatry departments searchable in NIH Reporter.	3
The contribution of domestic collaborative publications to the decline in worldwide IAP for a particular subject category can be estimated by: CDC_IAP = 1 - (ΔPEDC / ΔPw)	3
I will argue that, in the case of the United Kingdom, quantitative measures used in the Research Assessment Exercise (RAE, between 1986 and 2008) and in the Research Excellence Framework (REF, since 2014) are seen as a solution to 'the lazy agent' problem, while in Russia they are regarded as a solution to what could be called 'the corrupt knower' problem.	4
In order to present a global Transformative Agreement’s hypothesis based on 2017 scenario, we follow these steps:	0
The final similarity score of each paper was evaluated by averaging all the scores obtained in each ACM topic with respect to all other papers.	3
Indeed, the three top pathogens were Escherichia coli, Porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome virus and Porcine circovirus type 2 with H-indices 106, 95 and 85, respectively.	4
The analysis of the country ranking showed that most of the countries belong to the west, which indicates that strategic management and technology research is being taken seriously in the West as compared to Asia.	5
Our analysis conducted separately for each internationalization parameter shows that the values of IntRev, IntLang, and IntEdit have changed in all groups of sciences.	4
The six critical success factors (Management, Services technology, Self-archive practices, People, and Resources) identified by the study can serve as a useful guide to IR management activities and improvement efforts.	5
During this assessment the FSR Editorial Office evaluated all peer reviewers of papers accepted and rejected from 12 December 2016 to 14 November 2019.	2
Other forms of authorship, which can distort the literature, deserve mention here.	4
In order to accomplish this, we utilise the published OM research articles in 11 top-rated and well-known academic journals over the time period from 1985 to 2010.	2
The processing of data was done by writing programs in Python.	0
Between January 2016 and December 2021, rejected manuscripts by the Turk J Phys Med Rehab were retrospectively analyzed and whether these rejected articles were published in another journal was identified.	2
The total normalized citations in T years after publication is the sum of the yearly contributions: C?	3
The survey of Foundation for Anesthesiology Education and Research applicants was designed to determine the extent to which receipts are associated with the following: (1) improved academic performance (peer-reviewed publications and grant funding); and (2) professional advancement (promotion and leadership roles).	1
Data and code are available from the Dryad Digital Repository (Hackett et al., 2020).	0
Through theoretical and emergent coding, four social mechanisms dominated in the analysis—change, kinship, tension, and heritage.	4
This could be a reason why mathematics and arts seem to be less subject to scientific misconduct.	4
The most productive country Romania is also the most influential one with 682 citations and the highest value of H-index 10.	4
We assess the role played by department rank and advisor-match on the early stage productivity of recent PhDs in economics using a tailor-made data set based on RePEc.	1
The accumulated IF of articles from TW (3192.417) was much higher than that from ML (2409.956) and HK (1898.312).	4
RG of high rank journals are texts; they stress the theoretical contribution and methodological validity in strict terms.	4
The period under study starts in January 2000 (quarter 1) and ends in June 2012 (quarter 50).	2
Hence, we aim to fill this gap by focusing on the research productivity of nations in accounting and management domains.	1
This section proposes a sensitivity analysis of h, based on a classic approach borrowed from metrology: the delta method (also referred as law of propagation of uncertainty or error transmission formula) (Casella 2001; JCGM100:2008 2008; Montgomery 2009).	3
(Chambers & Miller, 2014) A scientific impact index f : X → N satisfies axiom Homo-min, if and only if there exists an infinite chain Lk0 ≤ Lk1 ≤ Lk2 ≤ · · · ≤ Lkk ≤ Lkk+1 ≤ · · · of sequences in X∞ such that the following holds: for every x ∈ X, the index f(x) coincides with the largest integer k for which Lkk ≤ x.	4
For statistical analysis, Statistical Program for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 16 was used.	3
Which are the best bibliometric indicators to predict the final decisions made by the peers panel when the applicants do not have a long scientific career (between 6 and 12 years after the PhD)?	1
Our results indicate that contrary to reasonable expectations, gene research papers with wrongly identified nucleotide sequence reagents may be frequent in some high IF cancer journals.	5
Our analysis reveals that the largest effects are in those fields within which a variety publication and cooperation patterns can be observed (e.g.	4
This paper will review the committee's analysis of the literature about how other organizations support their librarians in research and publishing, then it will outline how USF implemented the committee, including an analysis of what worked and what didn't.	1
The mean h index increased with successive academic rank in both cohorts; greater funding totals were seen with successive academic position (Kruskal-Wallis, p < 0.05).	4
Two manifestos provide the data material of this contribution.	2
The 50 topics were labeled manually according to the top terms from their topic-term distributions (Appendix in Table 6).	4
Goals of the study included answering the following questions: 1 What is the ratio of cited works by publication category?	1
In the short run, we encourage institutional efforts that increase the publication of negative results, enforce methodological rigour in peer review, and above all, attempt to funnel funding toward high-integrity research.	5
Compared with homogeneous leaders, heterogeneous leaders are more impactful in large teams, have more diverse expertise, and trace both the newest and oldest references.	4
Details of these steps are further elaborated in the subsequent sections.	0
Trend in publication of ophthalmology research articles for Japan during 1991-2000.	0
First, select each indicator of maximum value as reference values, denoted by x0.	0
The papers have been published in journals with a high impact factor not only in the area of Dentistry, but also the most relevant journals existing in the thematic area of periodontology and implantology.	5
We integrated demographic data with publication statistics compiled from the WoS to highlight gender, ethnic and racial disparities in publishing.	3
We first discuss the results of the analysis of using the 419 patents downloaded from USPTO with the search string “CPC/Y02E10/541”, and turn thereafter to the larger set of 3,428 records downloaded with this CPC from PatStat for the comparison.	0
Finally, we downloaded the data of all publications authored by the faculty members since 1972 from the Thomson Reuters ISI Web of Science (WoS).	2
The portfolio approach in this context refers to the maximisation of an objective function under a set of constraints, using linear or non-linear programming and a heuristic procedure to find maximum values.	3
We selected articles published between 6 months and 2 years prior to the beginning of the trial rather than newly published articles because there is less variation in pageviews, and Mendeley saves for older articles, which made it more efficient to detect possible effects of the intervention.	2
The author used a geographically dispersed data set involving authors in the field of economics in ten countries in Southeast Asia and applied social network analysis methods to investigate the structure and dynamics of GCs.	2
These results imply that moral disengagement fully mediates the relationship between publication pressure and QRPs, supporting H1.	4
what the findings of the Wiley Society Member Survey and the other research included here shows is that academic research, learned societies, and publishing all have their own DE&I issues that need to be addressed.	5
Seventy-seven per cent of all patents granted between 1790 and 2010 are coded by a combination of at least two technology codes.	4
Using bibliometric analysis of research data from InCites, the study reveals that the partnership is growing progressively in absolute terms though with high levels of relative growth rate.	1
Another centrality measure is betweenness, which measures the strategic position of a country in terms of coordinating scientific collaboration between countries (Leydesdorff 2007; Park 2012).	3
Like previous studies that found mixed results (Lawson and Shibayama 2015; Marinelli et al.	5
Apollo, Art History, Burlington Magazine and Journal of Visual Culture are four international journals with a predominantly British touch.	2
Acknowledging the importance of the data quality and coverage, we decided to rely primarily on the scholarly publications indexed in the well-established Web of Science and supplement this database with additional bibliographic data from Scopus and Constellate (JSTOR and Portico) for earlier missing years, and manually added the most cited works (books or articles) which were relevant to the topic but are either not indexed or missed by the database search.	2
Scopus had complete coverage of the most frequently cited journals, whereas PubMed had nearly complete coverage.	4
Journal name, publisher, SCImago Journal Ranking (SJR) score, country and publication model were cataloged.	2
To identify the most-cited neuroimaging articles, journals listed under the following five subject categories of the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) Web of Knowledge Journal Citation Reports (JCR) for the year 2014 were evaluated for inclusion in this study: "Radiology, Nuclear Medicine & Medical Imaging" (125 journals), "Neuroimaging" (14 journals), "Neuroscience" (252 journals), "Clinical Neurology" (192 journals), and "Medicine, General & Internal" (154 journals).	2
With an increase in the popularity of open access and open metadata, we hypothesise that this workflow shall provide an avenue for understanding scientific scholarship in multiple dimensions.	5
Second, the survey result indicated that Chinese ECRs broadly support open access and are in big favor of social media.	5
Mechanism tests show that digital technology innovation can reduce carbon intensity by improving operational efficiency, promoting cleaner production, and improving human capital.	4
This paper relies on the use of the computational models of the text documents (group of words with weight coefficients) and their collections derived using the information technology KEYS TO TEXT?.	3
Received 5 January 2001; received in revised form 1 February 2001; accepted 1 May 2001	0
For this qualitative research project, the team employed a case study approach, with the local universities serving as the unit of analysis.	3
when nuclei are formed progressively) and/or by power-law relation, and (4) in some cases two citation regions of an L(t) plots follow different nucleation mechanisms or the same mechanism with different values of the parameters of its equation.	4
Address for correspondence Kiley Bernhard, MPH, Center for Urban Population Health, Aurora Sinai Medical Center, 1020 N.	0
The information about the number of universities was obtained from the World Association of Universities.8	2
Resulting from theoretically informed GT coding, this heuristics identifies relevant motifs insofar as they organize cohesive complexes of means-end (de-) valuations.	3
In terms of the perception of quality in OA publishing, 9% considered OA journals of lower quality than subscription publications, 46% of equal quality, 0% of higher quality, and 45% were unsure (Figure 10).	4
This revolution is triggered by the migration of neural networks, which have become a norm for research on Al.	5
The data for the study consisted of 496 Cuban papers on Biotechnology; Applied Microbiology published between 1988 and 2013, included in journals in the WoS database.	2
For example, a difference of 4 percentage points in PP(top 10%) separates meaningful from meaningless institutional differences.	5
In 2010, the Spanish university system consisted of 76 universities (public and private).	2
This study is intended to decrease learners' plagiaristic behaviour in online assignments by providing automated feedback based on text mining analysis.	1
I want to thank Wouter van Rossum and Huub Stoffers for stimulating discussions, and I am grateful to Gene Moore for correcting my English.	0
Out of the total number of 845 grants, 330 were given at the early and 515 at advanced-career level (Table 2).	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—February 1, 2001 191	0
XML parsing was performed in parallel on four compute nodes (2Gb RAM, 2 virtual CPU cores) using a hand-written Python [8] parser in under two hours (Appendix 1).	3
The introduction of new technological functionalities plays a minimal role in fuelling invention once the system is mature.	5
Overall, ASES fellowship faculty produced highly impactful research with a median RCR of 1.8 (interquartile range [IQR] 1.4-2.3) and a median weighted RCR of 67.0 (IQR 21.1-212.7).	4
Seriya Khimicheskaya (Russian Chemical Bulletin) is in great demand both in Russia and abroad.	5
Under optimistic projection models, gender parity is forecast to be reached after 2100.	4
Calculation results revealed that the ranking order of journals was different when applying both approaches.	4
The distribution of these articles obeys the Bradford's Law of scattering.	4
This study proposes a scientific paper embedding method that reflects the core structure of scientific documents using both text and metadata.	1
As such, this paper will assess the research productivity of various institutions and individual researchers in the field of OM over the past 26 years (1985–2010).	1
According to the results, the growth rate of awards on most topics is higher than that of papers, while the growth rate of papers on the relevant topics to users, technology, and metrology is higher than that of awards.	4
Additionally, to compare the ranking performance of citation-based algorithms, we utilize the US patents dataset collected by Kogan et al. (2017), which has been employed in many studies (Mariani & Lü, 2020; Poege et al., 2019; Xu et al., 2020).	2
Thus, the aim of this study was to observe the growth, trends, patterns of author productivity, thematic evolution, and influential keywords of scientific literature in the aforementioned research field.	1
We hope our results will provide accurate benchmarks for faculty and administrators who want to compare and evaluate research productivity in the finance area.	0
Our objective is to describe the terminological composition of IM and KM to evidence of how much do these areas overlap within the LIS space.	1
This stems from the fact that the size of the TI value reflects the interdisciplinary level of topic terms.	0
We interpret our estimates as the average effect of reducing collaboration barriers by placing researchers in the same building.	5
The years 2008–20 were aligned to ensure comparable representation of the findings from Lithuanian and UK data.	2
the scientific quality standard of North America and Europe.	5
The marked increase in academic physicians we observed among CTR SC graduates, however, suggests that participation in a research SC may be a strong first step.	5
The area with the highest number of papers was environmental sciences (41%), followed by energy fuels (16.6%) and engineering environmental (15.7%).	4
Out of 65,836 references that were registered, 9.1% = 5978/65,836 are therefore Sneaked in.	4
We find strong support for three of our four hypotheses and mixed evidence for the Quality Hypothesis.	4
Using an open-source social media analytics tool [Digital Method Initiative-Twitter Capture and Analysis Toolset (DMI-TCAT)], the entire activity of the UCL accounts, and of key authors, in the time range specified was extracted and mapped against the book download data.	3
Five-year scholarly impact of resident research decreased over time (h-index, m = -0.14; p < 0.01) despite stable publication volumes.	4
The aim here is that science of science will emerge as a unified field that integrates the range of subfields studying science, similar to the environmental sciences and medical sciences that are unified fields that have tackled previously fragmented areas of knowledge.	1
We finally discuss conclusions and future research directions ("Discussion and conclusions" section).	0
First, it suggests that one should reconsider the previous assumption that knowledge emanates without any decay in main path analysis and provides alternatives to that end.	5
Thus, the purpose of this paper is to bibliometrically analyze the publications registered in the Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection on PA and aging from 1980 to February 6, 2015, and to provide an overview of highly cited articles.	1
The field was divided into four sub-fields: (1) librarianship and law librarianship, (2) health information in LIS, (3) scientometrics and information retrieval and (4) management and information systems.	3
We make an empirical case offering the working hypothesis that a culture of research is embedded in psychology as a profession and academic discipline, and such a culture does not exist in social work.	5
In conclusion, gerontological discovery has been enriched over the years by many more than just the 300 top-ranked scholars studied herein.	5
6 Allotaxonograph comparing ranked lists of scholars in V-Diversity and B-Diversity	0
This study indicates that it is likely for the total number of PSs to decrease in the future.	5
To solve this, we opted to conduct this study as a Conjoint Analysis exercise (Rao 2014) and present the candidates in pairs, with the participant asked to choose either one or the other.	3
The University of California (UC) departmental Web site pages for ophthalmology, otolaryngology, neurosurgery, and neurology were searched for all employed faculty members in 2008 (n = 433).	2
The concern here is that Africa is finding it difficult to bridge the visibility gap, even with the advantages of open access environment.	5
This inert behavior of the h-index means that it is difficult to use it as a measure for predicting future scientific output.	4
To optimize the visualization, we normalized the word vectors using the cosine (Salton & McGill, 1983).	3
The results reflect that aggregating the different institutions' use of journals provides libraries with a core list that is determined by usage across institutions, thus removing outliers from individual institutions.	5
In addition, the universe included the population of 277 leaders of research groups and heads of the different departments and centres where FIS researchers worked (referred to hereafter as FIS hosts).	2
This paper looks at a sample of peer-reviewed research articles for a number of countries, most not included in Hearnshaw (2007), to measure countries in astronomical development and to identify those with a culture of publishing using ADS, which is used by the entire astronomical community (Henneken et al.	1
Aimed at fostering transparency, accountability, and equality between authors, establishing those changes would likely benefit all stakeholders in contemporary psychological science.	1
The number of papers published increased from 295 in 1981 to 1101 in 2012, a 3.7-fold increase over 31 years, or 12 percent per year, and there was a similar increase in the number of journals used (from 151 to 533) with both showing an exponential increase with a coefficient of 0.042 per year (Figure 1).	4
In this paper, the focus is on a specialized bibliometric overview of the development of TR-Part B, which has been the top journal in the TR series.	1
This new search resulted in 260 articles, of which 176 attained our eligibility criterion.	2
To investigate the association between authorship team gender and research method choice, we utilized a multinomial logistic regression analysis because the outcome variable has more than two unordered, non-overlapping categories (Petrucci, 2009).	3
The pybliometrics (v3.4.0) library was used to query the Scopus API.	3
Excel 2019, R Studio Package Manager 1.2.0 and SPSS v22 were used for data analysis.	3
Library OA funds tend to support faculty in science and medical fields.	4
This research analyses all applications submitted to the ERC in the first 10 years of its existence (2007–16).	2
This study sought to examine the extent of international science and engineering (S&E) research collaboration on COVID-19, with particular attention on the US and China.	1
Content analysis was used to code the subjects of publications of Korean library and information science (KLIS) faculty.	3
Second, if certain de facto standards of bibliometric research assessment can be identified, which social actors have defined them?	1
The Markov process of citation leading to the Wakeby distribution is analyzed using the terminal time formalism.	3
Evaluators are particularly interested in validating the originality of the technological products under review.	4
We use various performance indicators: full/fractional counted productivity, citation impact, and relative citation impact in terms of the share of papers in the top 10 % highly cited papers.	3
In short, Eigenvalue is a good metric for in-journal article ranking with the limitation that the value of a paper can be inflated as the papers it relates grows in citation count.	5
To our knowledge, there has been no specific investigation to scientific integrity in the field of cardiovascular imaging research.	1
What are the cancer-focused topical clusters of Iranian co-authorship networks in Web of Science Service during 2003-2013 period?	1
The authors would like to thank the editor and two anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments.	0
The developments in environmental research on COVID-19 will guide efforts of promoting global environmental strategies to control the different global environmental risks (i.e., air pollution, climate change, and environmental degradation) in the future.	5
The first step is a causal analysis: we examine how the premature death of an eminent biomedical academic researcher changes the rate of citations to her work, compared to the work of other eminent researchers who do not die prematurely.	3
The study uses mixed methods research design employing self reported measures of collaboration and productivity.	3
Online questionnaire was designed to collect data using SurveyMonkey software from 335 academic librarians in 57 institutions (Universities, Polytechnics, and Colleges of Education) in Nigeria.	2
The proposed analysis simultaneously reveals: (i) for each territory, the fields of research where the productivity is highest or lowest and (ii) for each scientific field, which are the territories with the highest or lowest productivity.	5
The following factors were analyzed: type of grant, institution, amount of funding, and funding institute or center.	3
Cluster analysis was performed for the scores of the top ten principal components, and a clustering pedigree chart was produced (contact corresponding author for a copy).	3
As the controversies surrounding the rating of journals focus on the difference between the container (the journal) and the content (the individual article), we addressed the following research questions: (1) Is journal rating, produced by an expert-based procedure, a good predictor of the quality of articles published in the journal?	1
1838 THE CANADIAN JOURNAL OF CHEMICAL ENGINEERING VOLUME 94, OCTOBER 2016	0
First, the VOSviewer was employed to carry the mapping analysis, bibliographic coupling, keyword co-occurrences analysis, and co-authorship.	3
The map of Spain (Figure 1) suggests three large zones of patents interconnected according to the technology areas to which they belong.	4
Nonparametric Kruskal-Wallis tests were used for multiple comparisons of publication times.	3
Top 10 authors according to number of papers published and number of co-authors.	0
A related purpose was to determine if any such relationship varied between or within disciplines.	1
We provide empirical support for a positive marginal OARE effect of 29.6%.	5
Law community who have registered with ORCID have entered many different terms to describe their home unit, including “Law School,” “School of Law,” “Emory Law,” “Emory School of Law,” “Emory University School of Law,” etc., which means that attempting to track School of Law registrants using the Member Portal is challenging.	5
In cases of continuous citation dynamics, our evidence shows that the analyzed citation trajectories are less problematic than generally assumed and suggests that citing authors weigh epistemic risk and informational values: Further research and application possibilities in the Makarova case, and (non-epistemic) safety concerns in the Rubio case clearly provide informational values at the time of citing to be balanced with risk.	5
Collaborations between high-income and upper-middle- or lower-middle-income countries were more likely to happen in 2014 and 2019 (P<.05), as well as when the number of authors was higher (P=.015), compared with collaboration between high-income countries.	4
In this paper we consider the manuscript evaluation process in an editor's office.	1
Frequency of the 12 context codes from Walsh and Ungson (1991)	0
Our interest here is to analyse the relations between statistician’ network position and his/her performance, as measured by the h-index, in each Statistics subfield and in the three data sources.	1
From the total of 866 nursing students, 482 participated in the study, yielding a response rate of 55.65%.	2
Here we report on co-authorship networks that describe relationships between people rather than ideas.	3
Nevertheless, although previous studies have investigated whether the apparent advantage of collaboration varies by country, discipline, and number of co-authors, this study introduces a more fine-grained method to identify differences: the geometric Mean Normalized Citation Score (gMNCS).	1
Analysis of the employee data of BARC revealed that there are 634 women scientists (scientific officers) who are 16% of the total number of scientists (both men and women scientific officers).	4
Our experimental results indicate that citation proximity is the category most relevant to scholars' citation decision-making, followed by citation authority and citation inertia.	4
To achieve generality, three science disciplines from WOS's Science Citation Index edition and three social science disciplines from its Social Science Citation Index edition are considered, totaling six disciplines, as shown in Table 2.	2
Theoretical sampling was used as the sampling technique.	3
2 illustrates this strategy, which is informed by the Delphi method (Dalkey & Helmer, 1963).	3
We have studied the networks of researchers formed through the collaborations in papers or in projects in a research institution (the University of Zaragoza) and we have analyzed a series of individual and global magnitudes.	1
After merging the seven datasets, we end up with a unique dataset of 22 disciplines and a total of 3,793 journals.	2
In the next section, the literature on the relation between academic mobility, scientific productivity, and collaboration is detailed.	0
This dataset contains 72 query papers and for each query paper, there are some reference papers, which are cited by query paper (about 3 to 8).	2
We conducted semi-structured interviews with 25 researchers, staff and partners, approximately one-third of the MNI's constituency, to identify their attitudes toward open science, the incentives they felt necessary to engage in open science, disincentives, the role of patients, and the eschewal of intellectual property rights.	2
Based on the VOSViewer developed by Van Eck and Waltman (2010), Leydesdorff and his co-authors (Leydesdorff and Rafols 2012; Leydesdorff et al.	3
Let (R+) be the positive cone of all infinite sequences with non-negative real values.	2
Citation analysis and discourse analysis of 369 R01 NIH proposals are used to discover possible predictors of proposal success.	1
A total of 715 (78%) of 917 stakeholders had a Scopus h-index available.	2
Data collection was performed through semi-structured interviews with technical managers of the selected projects.	3
In the final part of the paper, we present four case studies conducted by domain experts, demonstrating the use and the potential of both EDHIPHY and mention analyses more generally.	5
The objectives of this study were to analyse research output from HET and to examine the authorship pattern and citations retrieved from the Scopus database.	1
*Tel: 61 6 217 0500; Fax: 61 6 217 0501; E-mail: copland@aciar.gov.au.	0
Thus, the following research questions (RQ) are addressed in this paper:	1
This dataset includes records of scientific papers specifying the publication date, the publication venue, the publication discipline, the authors' names, the authors' affiliations, and the network of citations.	2
Do they differ in terms of first-inventor and all-inventor counting?	1
The leading four journals are Journal of Finance, Journal of Financial Economics, Review of Financial Studies, and Journal of Accounting and Economics.	4
In conclusion, this study gives the first systematic evidence to confirm prior speculation (Harzing, 2013; Martín-Martín et al., 2018; Mingers & Lipitakis, 2010; Prins et al., 2016) that citation data in GS has reached a high level of comprehensiveness, because the gaps of coverage in GS found by the earliest studies that analysed GS data have now been filled.	5
We also analyzed the relationship between usage metrics and traditional journal-level citation metrics.	1
Files larger than 1.5 million records (synthetic data) and 500 MB (SDB) cannot be loaded and hence cannot be analyzed.	5
Abbreviations: R = Rank; TC = Total citations; C/Y = Citations per year	0
The relatively positive evaluation of examiner cita- tion pattern proves our H2b hypothesis: Scientific papers cited by examiner rank second in indication of linkage between science and technology.	4
We propose for this purpose, the q2 proxy, where q2 is defined as ((NI)2 + (Q1/25)2 + (ER/10)2)/3.	3
The data come from the Web of Science and Scopus citation databases, supplemented by additional data regarding the gender of the reprint author which we collected by online observation.	2
We use a questionnaire as the instrument of our investigation.	2
The results of this study show that women are under-represented in the Faculty of Science, University of Ibadan, a phenomenon that is common among previous findings.	5
The first interesting result following from Table 6 is that the binary BOW matrix performs equally well as the matrix with TF-IDF weights, despite the fact that it contains more information.	4
This paper proposes to undertake a bibliometric study on the topic of air transport and business models in order to collaborate to the construction of the knowledge of academic production in these areas and their relationship.	5
A list of 91 laureates in physics, chemistry, physiology and medicine, and economics from 2006 to 2015 were identified from the official website of the Nobel Prize Organization (https://www.nobelprize.org/), and their publications from 2005 to 2014 were collected.	2
The characteristic prime (c') -index normalizes author rank from author position, so that the total weight per publication is unity.	3
The data reveal the primary focus of OA repositories across the world is on reviewed literature which has been established by various studies (Bj?rk et al., 2014), and the percentage of grey and non-textual content is significantly low.	5
3 Center for Research in Econometric Theory and Applications, National Taiwan University, Taipei, Taiwan	0
Further, it appears that these collaborations benefited Richards, his collaborators, and the field of chemistry as a whole.	5
As an anonymous reviewer insightfully opined, “the antecedents of the choice of women or men as editors are even more [interesting].”	0
Univariable and multivariable negative binomial regression analyses were conducted to determine the association between different explanatory variables and citation numbers.	3
To estimate the principal investigator’s individual credit, the A-index should be used as developed in our earlier work [15].	3
The subfield definition used in this study relies on the Journal of Economic Literature (JEL) classification system.	3
Jensen's theorem states that Ev(q) – v(Eq) is positive when v(.) is strictly convex, is negative when v(.) is strictly concave, and is zero when at the border between the two.	4
We employ a coarsened exact matching (CEM) of star-acknowledging and non-star-acknowledging scientists to create a similar treatment and control group.	3
The Discounted Cumulative Gain (DCG) is commonly used to evaluate ranking quality in the field of information retrieval (J?rvelin & Kek?l?inen, 2002).	3
This study showed that 251 journal titles (69.9%) indicated each manuscript's receipt and acceptance date.	4
MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
Using a case study on "Taxol," a cancer drug, with in total 26475 documents retrieved from EuropePMC database the study illustrates the performance of the approach.	2
First, the list of coauthors of Ausloos (MRA) and that of HES, are available under different conditions: on one hand, through web sites, on the other hand through personal contacts.	2
The situation indicates the internationalization of scientific output and the ability of the field to take part in the science produced by the international scientific community.	5
The second partitioning of this smaller network finds 38 distinct fields of expertise.	4
In the elite university, a logic of "autonomy" prevails.	4
6(a), as expected (Aziz & Rozing, 2013; Biswal, 2014), it is evident that first authors, in general, make more contributions than last authors.	4
Analysis of the publications in this research cluster indicate that these scientists do publish in Ghanaian or African journals about half of the time, but also publish frequently in international journals.	5
In this study, therefore, we investigate the origins of papers published in FEMS Microbiology Letters – a journal covering all aspects of microbiology, including virology (see https://academic.oup.com/femsle/pages/About, consulted on April 10, 2019).	1
The most elite business schools in the USA, but not the UK, are found to allocate significantly more publications to mathematically sophisticated "analytical" fields such as economics and finance, rather than entrepreneurship and other "managerial" fields.	4
Note that the aim of keyword clustering is to provide a framework for keyword comparison, so we choose manual clustering instead of using automatic clustering algorithms to achieve a better clustering result.	0
While unconscious and conscious bias, structural discrimination, and overt discrimination continue to affect women in ecology affecting hiring, promotion, and recognition, ESA journals seem to be largely free from quantitative bias against women authors in peer review.	5
Most importantly, around the time they are retracted, papers generate discussions that are primarily about the retraction incident rather than about research findings, showing that by this point, papers have exhausted attention to their results and highlighting the limited effect of retractions.	4
With regard to epistemic autonomy, we find that excellence funding increases control of the research agenda, enables establishing a long-term research agenda, and increases the flexibility to deviate from the research agenda.	5
Second, it is surprising that artificial intelligence and robot technology did not form one of the significant research clusters in this study.	5
The central quantity of interest—the regression coefficient of the average review score is statistically insignificant.	4
Our recommendation is to evaluate quantitative metrics periodically to ensure they are well chosen to meet requirements, and that they are being applied correctly.	5
The institutions with the greatest presence among these co-cited articles were Chinese and American.	4
82.68% of coronavirus-related papers included in the COVID-19 Open Research Dataset are produced by non-single authors.	0
Table 1 Quality of the 39 interviews on a four-digit scale assigned by the interviewer at the end of each meeting	0
All research articles belonging to Economics and Political Science2 subject categories with at least one Danish address were downloaded from SSCI in WoS on 19 October 2015.	2
Aswini Saravanan: Conceived and designed the experiment; Performed the experiment; Analyzed and interpreted the data; Contributed analysis tools or data; Wrote the paper.	0
The goal of this study is to model and describe the structure of the ISPIM innovation management research community from the SNA point of view (for discussion on SNA, see e.g., Wasserman and Faust, 1994).	1
Based on a modification of the approach of Oermann et al,8 major content errors were (a) author errors in which author names were misspelled, omitted, or ordered incorrectly or author initials were incorrect; (b) article title errors, where incorrect article titles were provided; (c) incorrect journal or incorrect spelling/abbreviation of the journal title; and (d) incorrect or omitted volume, issue, year, or page number/s.	3
Thus, we manually gathered the missing data from the conference programs either stored on the conference websites or in corresponding PDF files.	0
Using DOIs from the downloaded Web of Science records, we collected the altmetric data for the 6,076 records from http://altmetric.com, using their API.	2
Until October 23 2017, JTTM had published 11 of the 12 issues of the year 2017, which means a total of 1192 documents, considering only articles, reviews, and notes.	4
(iii) In the reference map, logic-whose use in philosophy dates back to a much earlier period-is distributed in a more uniform way than recently encountered disciplines such as game theory and network science.	4
Overall, whereas the intercorrelations indicated significant overlap between most of the scholarly impact metrics, a few metrics such as Recommendations may provide unique scholarly impact information.	4
The whole set of data includes a total of 93,827 articles with 6336 authors affiliated to the University of Zaragoza as well as 29,080 projects with their PI from the UZ, involving 6768 researchers of this university.	2
Overall, we do not detect any clear stratification of universities on the basis of their research performance.	4
During the 2006–2015 period, the overall % female participation in MSU's research on Africa was noted to be 31% (2199/7142 authors) while % male participation was 69% (4943/7142 authors).	4
List of frequently used words in title related to the disease in embryo of chicken inside samples of this study.	0
Papers of this type were twice as likely to be highly cited works.	4
The fact that almost all uncited authors in a journal published only one paper in this journal illustrates that a journal's uncited authors are the least productive authors in this journal.	4
Our findings suggest that trustees of private AAU universities may provide an important channel.	5
Therefore, the evaluation results from our proposed method are more comprehensive and take more aspects into consideration which can effectively overcome the one-sidedness of a single indicator.	5
This article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/ 4.0/).	0
In terms of GPA, mostly modest correlations were found for the different funding streams, with the strongest coming in for BEIS (0.644), the UK competitive charity sector (0.568) and non-EU funders (0.557).	4
Next, we used an additive quantile regression at the 95th quantile to examine for a limitation effect and potential threshold.	3
Let us suppose, then, that authors are inclined to provide video abstracts to enhance comprehension of their most complex works.	3
The findings of the research indicated that Mohagheghi, Mahmoodi and Malek Zadeh had the largest size of betweenness in this network.	4
Four further papers by Reuben were identified as retracted and included in the analysis.	2
Utilizing the scientific database Web of Science, data research was performed.	2
Calculations show that even though the positions of American universities in the top lists of world rankings are weakening, giving way to European and Asian universities, the United States continues to maintain leadership in this area.	4
This process generated a list of 3,183 books from 71 publishers.	2
Surprisingly, the papers with the highest number of citations in our sample did not correspond to the ones with the most commonly used keywords within the behavioral discipline.	5
Of the 888 study participants, 161 (18.1%) females faculty participated in the study.	2
When presenting the descriptive statistics of IF for documents, those with no IF were given a zero IF.	0
To discuss the role of scientometrics in EBPM, we illustrate a case of hydrogen energy technologies.	1
Therefore, instead of citation count, we propose building citation trees of articles to calculate their contribution to scientific fields producing contribution vectors.	5
Beside the three main hypotheses, we test an additional fourth hypothesis: the competition for external funding hypothesis.	3
The visitors' IP address was used to determine a geolocation.	3
This is accomplished using Quality Function Deployment (QFD) to index the new concepts, and also by using Interpretive Structural Modeling (ISM) to compile the ranking system.	3
First, our results suggested that the upward trend in the use of adjectives and adverbs across the past 50 years can be partly explained by the increasing use of emotion adjectives and adverbs.	5
Specifically, these topic proportions collectively explained 58.9% of the variance in environment GPAs, and 21.9% of the variance over and above the variance explained by the unit’s (standardised) FTE staff number, the (standardised) number of doctoral degrees it awarded, and its (standardised) grant income.	4
So the creation of eLIBRARY.RU makes Russian science much better.	5
The expected α is positive for every top-level field, implying that even when collaborator choices are gender-blind, same-gender co-authorships are expected to occur more often simply because of the structure and gender composition of these fields.	4
+ Paper presented at the International Conference on Science Indicators for Developing Countries, Paris, 15-19 October, 1990.	0
This paper seeks to provide this global synthesis, through a bibliometric and bibliographic approach combined with a survey among actors of the energy research field and especially modelers.	1
2015 ASIS&T Published online 29 April 2015 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
The ERC benchmark proposed in this paper contributes to enhance the quality of such systems.	5
Findings-Factors such as software, staffing, advocacy, marketing and policies are crucial in the development of OAIR strategy at the University of Ghana.	4
Compared with standard, citation-based analyses, mention analysis has the important advantage that it is applicable to most historical periods and scholarly areas where references are not formatted as citations.	5
As shown in Table 4, there are moderate correlations between the interdisciplinarity and both the number of publications and the number of journals for all iSchools.	4
1 Only categories with over 500 articles in 2016–2017 are included.	0
As the workshop progresses, the participants use their own research and develop manuscripts.	0
Comparisons of disciplinary and diachronic changes of connectors were made by two-way multivariate analyses of variance (MANOVA), and follow-up analyses of variance (ANOVA).	3
Social network analysis comparing researcher collaborations in two cohort studies ?	0
To enrich our available data and address the limitation that the APS data set contains only articles and citations in physics, we gather articles (including both journal articles and conference articles) from the WOS data set (1900-2015).	2
To identify predatory journals for this citation analysis, the research team updated a list of predatory nursing journals they had compiled earlier using Beall's list (Beall, 2016; Oermann et al., 2016).	2
It also shows that different countries contribute differentially and that knowledge is centralized in a few authors and sources.	5
The Shanghai Ranking's Academic Excellence Survey was downloaded from http://www.shanghairanking.com/subject-survey/index.html	2
Methodological quality was assessed by two raters who extracted information from full articles.	3
This surge in contributions from outsiders draws upon a different scientific corpus and is disproportionately likely to be highly cited.	4
First, we select all the documents of the document type “articles” of the category "Management” of the classification (WC) of the WOS of each Latin American country published in the time period selected in the database ISI.	2
Our results confirm that the quality and quantity of scientific production are fundamental drivers of the probability of editorship.	5
Two challenges that impede multiple disciplinarity are discussed, in addition to pragmatic solutions that conservation scientists and practitioners can adopt in their work.	4
Of the manuscripts with discussants, 79.5% got published, which is 11 percentage points higher than the share of non-discussed manuscripts (68.8%).	4
Scientific characteristics of the grant holders at the time of application and publication track record after obtaining the grant were compared by Mann-Whitney and Kruskall–Wallis tests and Spearman rank correlation.	3
The sample of COVID-19 preprints used in this study comprises 4,443 preprints posted on medRxiv.org and bioRxiv.org between 13th January and May 31st 2020.	2
We used an in-house implementation of the WoS citation database, hosted by the Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS), Leiden University.	2
This article evaluates the CbPD approach for its ability to detect various degrees of plagiarism disguise in a large collection of 185,000 scientific documents.	1
These findings suggest department heads and tenure and promotion committees should place greater weight on short-term citations as opposed to article placement when making personnel decisions.	5
Keywords: open peer review, open science, scholarly communication, open identities, open reports	0
For discussing the different percentile approaches, two datasets are used: (1) a fictitious small dataset including 21 papers with various CCs, and (2) all papers published between 2000 and 2005 with the document type “article” and their CCs until the end of 2018.	2
To cite this article: Jay Larson (2017): Other voices: authors' literary-academic presence and publication in the discursive world system, Discourse: Studies in the Cultural Politics of Education, DOI: 10.1080/01596306.2016.1278357	0
(2) What information does a specific closeness distribution of collaborating researchers convey with regard to the flow of knowledge through col- laborative activities?	1
The authors looked at six categories of social media – blogs, videos/YouTube, RSS feeds, Twitter feeds, user comments in articles, podcasts, and other.	3
Through analyzing 45 million manuscripts and 3.9 million patents, Park, Leahey, and Funk (2023) concluded that across all academic fields, published papers grew exponentially, but their “disruptiveness” decreased.	2
This bibliometric website was searched for publications which included in their titles, abstracts, or keywords the terms "hydrogen production", "hydrogen generation", "hydrogen storage", "hydrogen carrier", "hydrogen vector", "hydrogen supply chain", "hydrogen value chain", and "hydrogen economy".	2
We also observe a gap between Western Europe and USA that does not emerge by looking at scientific citations alone, and which can be due to a more optimized and integrated National Innovation System in the USA.	5
1983; Willett, Singer and Martin 1998; Galbraith, Bowden and Mander 2017), a more sophisticated version of the basic research design, to be most suitable.	3
However, results do identify a significantly lower average hIa-index for assistant professors when compared against associate and full professors.	4
We are using here SNIP (Source Normalized Impact per Paper) as an indicator that accounts for differences between various fields.	3
We assembled the entire list of authors from six tier-one journals in ecology in 2011 (Ecology, Journal of Applied Ecology, Journal of Animal Ecology, Ecology Letters, Conservation Biology, Behavioral Ecology), which yielded 3350 authors.	2
This phenomenon indicates that MP coverages are generally the more densely coupled parts of the original or auxiliary networks, while the out-of-coverage parts are more likely sparsely connected.	4
The argument draws on secondary data on science, sourced from the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD, 2020), and the bibliometric data in Elsevier/Scopus and Clarivate Analytics/Web of Science as reworked by the US National Science Board (NSB, 2020) and the Leiden University (2020) ranking.	2
Taylor and Francis shall not be liable for any losses, actions, claims, proceedings, demands, costs, expenses, damages, and other liabilities whatsoever or howsoever caused arising directly or indirectly in connection with, in relation to or arising out of the use of the Content.	0
The Kendall (1960) distribution was taken from Chen and Leimkuhler (1986), as grouped by Sichel (1985).	0
Our analysis summarised most of the influential studies on AKI, and highlights research areas that require further investigation and development.	5
Overlap between Journals Indexed in 2019 CNRS Classification and 2019 WoS Core Collection Database.	0
At the local level, measures such as degree, betweenness, closeness and PageRank centralities reveal the properties of individual nodes.	3
Overall, the different RPYS-CO analyses extracted the same landmark papers, only weighted with different importance.	4
Thusly, at this stage, geography can help tracking the dynamics of the field.	5
The NACP has successfully fostered a community of practice, and is working toward increasing the inclusion of societal factors into its research.	5
The panel of expert examiners appointed by Spanish universities to assess the doctoral dissertation that is required for a Ph.D.	2
The diversity in contributing institutions in the context of research impact, shown in Panel B, is slightly stronger than those in Panel A.	5
The data used in this research were based on the online database of Science Citation Index Expanded (SCI-E), WoS, published by the Institute of Scientific Information (ISI), Philadelphia, USA.	2
Values for 2009-2012 are official Thomson Reuters data as published in their Journal Citation Reports.	2
The Lund University's DOAJ was used as a main source for data collection.	2
Also, we utilise open source Python libraries for network analysis, namely, NetworkX (Hagberg, Schult & Swart, 2008) and SNAP (Leskovec & Sosi?, 2016).	3
As seen in Table 7, the greatest amount of CC is in 2005 and 2014, although the collaborative coefficient is quite similar in the remaining years.	4
The article looks closely at the transition, focusing particularly on management studies.	3
The data set was constructed by downloading the full bibliographic records of all original research papers (Articles and Brief Communications) published in the journal during the years 2013 and 2014 from Web of Science.	2
In a first step, the lead author of this study used an iterative bottom-up open coding approach based in Grounded Theory (Strauss and Corbin 1997), whereby initially very broad and freely-applied index codes were refined and grouped as themes emerged.	3
5 A recent study has reported that “scholars can regard DBLP data as highly accurate in disambiguating author names." Kim (2018).	0
We demonstrate the features of the tool by analyzing—as an example-the references in documents published in the journal Philosophy of Science.	1
An actor has a -index value of if y is the unique largest number such that citations earned by his/her/its ψ top-cited papers/patents averages at least to (ψ + 1)/2.	1
The data for the 4413 scholars show that the average productivity peaks at age fifty, which is ten years later than that of the marginal analysis.	4
Proposition 4 We need a knowledge system to archive data, algorithms, and results for scientifically maintaining the legitimacy and transparency of science-based policymaking.	4
An early-career researchers (ECR) journal can provide the vital mentorship and guidance needed for ECRs to overcome the unfamiliarity with a publishing process that inhibits the successful submission, revision and publication of ECR work.	1
Based on a thorough survey and analysis of 67,800 journal publications, it was found that both number of publications and citation metrics for the CEM specialty area is significantly lower compared with other CE specialty areas.	2
In all probability, the disappearance of practitioner sector authors from journals such as EPI must be contextualized in a professional communication environment which now includes the strong presence of new channels of cooperation via the social web (blogs, webinars, social networks, etc.).	5
Therefore, our findings have important implications for scholars, institution administrators, and national policy makers.	5
Leading journals by number of open source publications in our database.	0
Instead of being ignorant, some researchers actively opt for a non-use of profiles on SNS.	5
Based on the journal titles returned, we conducted data cleansing based on the unique journal title and publisher to remove duplicate entries.	2
(d) Determine subject areas share in predatory OA journals.	1
The results for the central most journals mirror the findings of other network analysis research relying on various citation data.	5
The study conducted a comprehensive bibliometric analysis of publications regarding COVID-19 VE research.	5
We feel it is ethically dubious that cross-subsidizing by mega-journals leads to one country supporting part of the scientific costs of another country.	5
In this study, we investigate interdisciplinary status of the coronavirus-related fields via the COVID-19 Open Research Dataset (CORD-19).	1
In this article, we identify and analyze the top 100 most frequently cited articles published in journals dedicated to pediatrics between 1945 and 2010.	1
Denoting as nia the number of citations that nation i has received for publications relative to domain a, in order to build the adjacency matrix M (and hence the network) we put mia =1 if the i-th nation ranks in the top-T for number of citations in domain a (i.e., nia), and mia=0 otherwise.	3
It can be seen that since the year 2015, India is the sixth largest producer of S&T research output and ranks at ninth place in total citations in the year 2019.	4
Modern indices can be used as new bibliometric indicators as they also cover social media and online attention scores.	5
Of the 128 cited journals, only 41 were indexed on the ISI Web of Science, whereas Scopus indexed current material in fifty of them, and had more or less substantial back-files for another eight titles (ISI Web of Science, 2011; Scopus, 2011).	4
Keywords: Clustering; Indexing; Data mining; Information retrieval; Knowledge discovery; Ontology generation	0
Among academic plastic surgeons, the majority of bibliometric indices assessed in this study are strongly associated with academic rank.	5
The citation pattern that emerges shows that the HBR transfers knowledge from the downstream to the upstream side—and not vice-versa.	4
majors, the share of LIS is decreasing while that the share of Computer Science is growing; among faculty members' research areas, the share of Human–Computer interaction is on the rise.	4
We conducted SNA, a bibliometric and social science method, to characterize the growth and nature of the CHL field in terms of output, authors, institutions, regions, their respective collaborative traits, and areas of research focus.	5
Out of the 85 teaching staff members that were approached to participate in the study, only 51 completed the questionnaires, leading to a response rate of 65.6 %.	2
We have indeed been able to build, in the main part of our analysis, an evolutionary tree encompassing both the horizontal and vertical dimensions of knowledge diffusion and recombination processes.	5
Hence, our results suggest that replication efforts could be incentivized by reducing the cost of replication, for example by promoting data disclosure (see also Hoeffler, 2017).	5
Using the advanced search screen, a total of 1,907 theses were reached.	2
This study contributes theoretically and empirically to our understanding of the publication behaviors of glass-ceiling researchers.	5
The T5 are not the journals with the top five impact factors in economics.	4
Five Web of Science categories have been analysed in this paper: Dentistry, Oral Surgery & Medicine; Business, Finance; Information Science & Library Science; Telecommunications; Veterinary Sciences.	2
Conflict of interest The authors declare that they have no conflict of interest.	0
Downloaded from jis.sagepub.com at SIMON FRASER LIBRARY on June 12, 2015	0
To measure the correlation, the Pearson coefficient between the node degree centrality vectors was applied.	3
Such efforts are supposed to help the readers better understand the application value of citation index system.	5
For MMRs, the first-time citation might be perfunctory since the reference is usually mentioned together with other references.	5
The number of citations ranged from 10292 to 1121.	4
There are three phases in the patent referencing process: (1) the diffusing process of references, (2) the aging process of references, and (3) the granting process of patents (Egghe and Rousseau 2000; Yu and Li 2010).	3
After explaining the infographic, 154 (97.5%) respondents became aware of the term “predatory journal,” the respondents who were aware of Beall's List increased to 150 (94.9%), awareness of the open access model of predatory journals increased to 154 (97.5%), awareness of illegitimate peer review of predatory journals increased to 146 (92.4%), and awareness of all of the indexing services (Scopus/SCImago, PubMed, DOAJ, JRC) increased to 124 (78.5%).	4
Both research seniority and personal scientific resources are main drivers for knowledge diffusion.	5
Thanks go to our outstanding research assistants, Alonso Bucarey, Gina Li, Jose I.	0
First, that the history of publication in evaluation has a particularly rich history of collaboration between practitioners and academics.	5
Rationale: The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) allowed National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute to fund R01 grants that fared less well on peer review than those funded by meeting a payline threshold.	1
The results show that the higher the development of the RIS, the higher the citation impact, as measured by the percentile each article occupies in the respective Web of Science subject area, of single-authored articles and of articles with domestic research collaboration (DRC).	4
Using data from the Web of Science, we measured the productivity, impact, and collaboration of 1,123 co-authors of 293 retracted articles for a period of 5 years before and after the retraction.	2
In total, in 2015, the BRICS countries accounted for almost 29% of the global volume of publications in Scopus, of them China—18%, India—5%, Russia and Brazil—2.6%, South Africa—0.72%).	4
For this reason, the aim of the present research is to focus our efforts on mapping and visualizing the way in which different elements that make up active online learning ecosystems are grouped and organized.	1
Finally, with respect to the statistical methods, we mainly used a non-parametric median test for the access type (OA vs.	3
The larger study has three objectives, the first of which is to employ the SOuRCe to characterize research integrity climates in VA for the first time.	1
Through simultaneous methodological triangulation using content analysis of IR policy documents (Only five institutions had IR policies), self-administered questionnaires for IR and faculty librarians, and interviews with library directors, data were collected with limited interaction between the methods during the process.	2
Here I will be concerned with the highest, or most inclusive levels of the clustering, which come closest to showing the relationships between scientific fields or disciplines.	0
Secondly, we categorize the bibliometrics employing a cluster analysis of an interrater agreement statistic.	3
Bar chart of top 10 journals' proportions in total paper count.	0
Ranking effectiveness is also greatly improved using two widely adopted graded IR evaluation metrics, NDCG and GAP.	4
A network analysis method is then applied to reveal scientific collaboration relations.	3
The authors in our study appeared to be genuinely unaware of having published in predatory journals despite their claimed basic familiarity with such journals, hence the burning need for more education about PPJs in our discipline.	5
Frequency analysis of the number of articles with funding information showed statistically significant differences between Scopus, Web of Science, and PubMed databases.	4
This research with a quantitative approach and scientometric methodology was carried out using data from Scival, Elsevier's analytical solution that provides complete access to the research performance of authors, journals, institutions, countries and regions from Scopus data (Elsevier, 2022).	2
Using these data sets, we have examined if conferences in Q and R behave differently.	0
The correlation between citations count and Mendeley reader (r = 0.6879 and r = 0.697, p < .05) was moderate.	4
On average, the Outlier sample features 67% more research items and 129% more full-texts.	4
Arising from the findings of this research, it could be concluded that some elements of the open science practices were already available in these universities.	5
Specifically we examined whether the number of authors was associated with the publication of errata.	1
Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.	0
The present work reports on a new solution designed to proactively prevent the academic misconduct that arises from students posting assessment questions on file-sharing websites.	1
For this study, we used as a data source the Web of Science Core Collection (WoS CC) including all available indices as well as the analytical tools Journal Citation Reports (JCR) and InCites.	2
Box 134, SE-221 00, Lund, Sweden; E-mail fredrik.astrom@lub.lu.se; and University of Technology, Sydney, P.O.	0
The purpose of this study was to analyse the characteristics of top-cited articles published in 24 emergency medicine (EM) journals in the Thomson Reuters Web of Science (WoS).	1
Before proceeding to the analysis of text recycling, it is important to identify those practices with which it might be confused or conflated.	1
We identified research articles authored by two prominent researchers, Professor Tim Bliss researching an area of neuroscience and Professor Paul Salkovskis researching an area of clinical psychology.	2
If one of the major tasks of any scientific field is to generate replicable knowledge (cf.	0
That point needs to be kept in mind before proposing a new or elaborate organization for co-operation.	0
Curiously enough, neither a similar survey/16/ which followed, nor the ICSU reports /17-19/ attracted much attention of bib- liometricians or physics analysts except for a few extracts /20-22/ where Czechoslovak figures are not mentioned.	0
The strategy is based on methods developed to analyze social networks.	1
As previously mentioned, review articles integrate ideas, findings, and state-of-the-art development in a research area, and may offer insights into research trends in the field, which as a result attract attention from colleagues and elicit citation in their future publications.	0
Our study shows that almost one third of all abstracts presented at SICOT led to a full-text publication.	5
citation, impact factor), because they can indicate the quality of the papers, and thus, boost interest of OnSMP users.	1
Most importantly, the total annual funding budget from 2001 to 2006 remained relatively stable, but there was more than a 5-fold increase in total annual TRC over that same time period, implying that the most effective strategy for managing a portfolio of funded applications is to fund more applications at a lower amount per project [23].	5
The longitudinal analysis of the population that was settling GSC along 2012 has made it possible to build a standard profile of the users of this service.	5
To validate the advantages of the w-tree, a series of experiments are performed to assess an implementation of the w-tree comparing it to a compact main memory representation.	4
First, considering that not all universities are qualified to recruit and train doctoral students (338 out of 1265 universities are qualified for holding doctoral programs), the 3-Tier pyramid hierarchy (i.e., project 985, project 211 and non-elite universities), and regional differences among Chinese universities, we classified these 338 universities1 into 21 categories by tier (3) and region (7).	3
The data were analyzed using a thematic analysis process, which involved a careful coding process informed by theory, relevant literature, and the researchers' expert judgment (De Villiers et al., 2019).	3
From the results shown in Panel A, the top-five institutions are the University of Texas at San Antonio, Iowa State University, Tamkang University, Auburn University, and National Chung Cheng University with 18.00, 11.50, 11.08, 10.67, and 10.33 WT, respectively.	4
3 College of Intelligence and Computing, Tianjin University, Tianjin 300350, China	0
References printed in bold type are those published within the past 5 years.	0
Publications were identified by a systematic literature search in PubMed, Embase, Scopus and Web of Science carried out by two librarians who were not involved in the interpretation of the results.	3
Some of the findings suggest that conference proceedings and journal publications should not be used together when performing bibliometric analyses.	5
The search was limited to articles (3750 papers) and reviews (63 papers), and our analysis excluded all other types of document, such as book reviews, editorials, letters or proceedings.	2
Mainland Chinese doctors were more likely to consult medical materials in Chinese (63.5%) when they encounter clinical difficulties.	4
At the top is MED/03 (Medical genetics), showing an FSSN at 2.951, an average productivity almost triple the national average for that field.	4
The results demonstrate that Sciences and Liberal Arts produced the most research at UNLV.	4
There is a high level of cooperation between Spanish health science researchers abroad and international institutions, which contrasts with the small-scale collaboration with national institutions.	4
The final policy contains fourteen instances of the phrase “open access.”	2
According to the Web of Science data, JKAN's self-citation rate was the highest among the four journals.	4
Use of a colon has a significantly positive impact in five of the UoAs.	4
The number of countries producing papers and patents from 1981 to 2008.	0
Collection, preprocessing, coding of survey data and statistical analysis were conducted using Python [4] versions 3.8.3 and 3.9.7.	3
Blogs may provide a window into science in the making, yet this study shows that blogs confound categorization as permanent or ephemeral scholarly communication.	5
This effect can be intensified if strategic behavior of the publishing scientists and cumulative advantage effects are additionally considered in the simulation.	5
This article sets out to explore the realities of academic-industry collaborations in the social sciences through a study of Australian Research Council Linkage projects.	1
Of these, 81,223 had author addresses and country metadata and could be included for analysing.	2
This manuscript was presented orally at the Craniofacial Society of Great Britain and Ireland Annual Conference 2012, Bristol, United Kingdom, on April 27, 2012.	0
In this paper we address issues associated with spam emails, and our conservative estimate of the external costs of spam from publishers and journals amounts to US$ 1.1 billion per year.	1
But fewer than ten cases out of eleven hundred fell into that category.	0
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0084784) that overcomes its excessive sensitivity to the differences, due to the presence of ties.	3
It also contains further information that would be valuable for the responsible assessment of the performance of individual researchers: year of first publication; interruptions in scientific output; and career progression.	4
The keyword analysis indicated that shale gas, hydraulic fracturing, pore structure, permeability, adsorption, kinetics, pyrolysis, organic matter, thermal maturity, and numerical simulation are the predominant research topics.	4
The cosine similarity algorithm was used in this study.	3
X = (X1, X2, X3) and Y = (Y1, Y2, Y3) (and I3X = X?	3
The authors used Kscien's list to detect dermatology-related predatory journals.	3
A web survey of 485 SSA researchers was conducted, as researchers from this region are not yet bounded by policy definitions of impact.	2
Journals with generalists' scopes presented a concentration of research topics in the latest published papers.	4
In this paper, we examine implicit values, norms and orientations that guide international forest policy research (FPR).	1
High-income countries published the maximum papers (89.95%), followed by middle-income countries (10.05%), whereas no papers were published by authors from low-income countries.	4
As shown in Table 1, the 22 primary studies with publications above the 10% highly cited threshold averaged about 6 years (71.9 months) from the time the study concept was approved until the trial was completed and the results were published.	4
Table 2 shows that SOCIAL SCIENCE, GENERAL has the largest EDINT to LIS, as LIS is also subordinate to SOCIAL SCIENCE, GENERAL.	4
Altogether, there are 58 research groups in six departments.	2
There are 14,624 records from the United States.	2
Next, we identified all publications retrieved in PubMed within the Centre for Science and Technology Studies (CWTS) version of WoS to obtain curated information on author affiliations.	2
Thus, the goal of this study was to identify and analyze the 100 most cited relevant articles published in the peer-reviewed biomedical literature from 1965 to 2017 using the Internet version of the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) Web of Science database and to find what made them of great value in the medical realm of gastric diseases.	1
Scopus is a multidisciplinary bibliographic database containing abstracts and citations for academic journal articles.	2
*Tun Sri Lanang Library, Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia and ?Faculty of Computer Science & Information Technology, University of Malaya, Malaysia	0
Living in the digital era, researchers in the humanities and the social sciences may embrace digital media whenever they are available.	5
To mitigate these potential sources of bias, authors of syntheses are advised to attempt to identify unpublished scientific studies in addition to conducting searches of academic databases (e.g., Pullin and Stewart, 2006; CEE, 2013).	3
Declaration of interest: The author(s) declare that there is no conflict of interest.	0
Following the brief introduction, Section 2 describes the database selection criteria, data collection, and method of the study.	0
Data and h-indices were obtained from Elsevier’s SciVerse Scopus bibliographic database (30 June 2018).	2
All articles were reviewed from the most cited to the least cited.	3
[24], the AAI score is obtained by the sum of equivalent papers from top-notch universities in green, sustainability and environmental studies divided by the sum of equivalent papers by all authors, where equivalent papers indicate that each of the n authors of an article is given credit for 1/n.	3
However, some metrics represent weak correlations, signifying that their rankings are highly dissimilar to those of the other metrics.	4
Departments were ranked based on the summation of individual faculty h-indices.	3
Apart from different policies towards the index of different document types, this study identified four main representative causes for the discrepancies through case study (including the serious record omission and duplicate entry problems).	1
Female devaluation theory suggests that women's career achievement are devalued relative to men's.	5
Our data show that even 5 years after their retraction, nearly half of Scott Reuben's articles are consistently quoted.	4
The two examples are both grant-funded projects that focus on 'translation' of biomedical research results into health-related applications.	2
Our study demonstrates clear support for the impact of network brokerage on journals' structural influence.	5
Following the close-ended survey prompts (questions 1–5), which asked respondents about a range of specific barriers, the survey also provided respondents with a text-box in which they could enter any additional barriers to international collaboration that they encountered (question 6).	3
Our own analysis of some of the major Canadian-based HSS journals and international political science journals confirms these trends.	2
8.5% of the sample records have errors that would cause miscalculation and undermine the validity of studies based on the data, while 33.8% of the sample records have errors that would influence the reliability and reproductivity.	4
The crawled dataset contains more than 2 million distinct papers.	2
This study focuses on, among other forms of career patterns, inbreeding as an extreme form of (im)mobility, in which career development is closed inside an institution and new employees are hired from among the graduates of the same institution.	1
The test for significance was two tailed, and a p value <.05 was considered significant.	0
In Equation 13 fij actually is the cosine similarity value of the two corresponding vectors in the NKM.	3
Taken together, these findings suggest that professorial standing and academic publications variables were measuring different constructs in this context and confirm the pertinence of the analysis carried out.	5
The benchmark calculations are based on the “Results” worksheet with the results of the Leiden Ranking 2017 from http://www.leidenranking.com/downloads.	2
The study confirmed the importance of societal interaction and impact, as well as the importance of amalgamation and synergy between academic and societal activity.	5
2014 ASIS&T Published online 8 April 2014 in Wiley Online Library (wileyonlinelibrary.com).	0
Of the indices evaluated, the h-index is best tracked with academic ranking in psychiatry programs studied.	4
As a result, staying apprised of practice-changing findings as a busy clinician is nearly impossible.	1
Author explored the reason for low value of CPP for different countries using PnC %.	0
H-index of the researcher and H-index of the citing articles for 13 of the Brazilian PhD researchers in physical exercise and sports.	0
What has been the collaboration pattern among contributors to the journal?	1
Received May 19, 2017; revised January 17, 2018; accepted March 12, 2018	0
To understand cluster formation, we track the growth patterns of the individual clusters not in separate cross-sectional time slices T1 and T2 but over the entire window of study from 2000 to 2011 (inclusive) in shorter time increments of 1 year.	3
IBCCF's, (A): articles, theses; and (B): number of graduate students and faculty	0
From publicly available 1990–1999, 2000–2009, 2005-2014 NHMRC data sets and announcements for the October 2014 funding round20 we noted expenditure for all (research, people support and infrastructure) active grants, grant numbers and mean grant expenditure per year.	2
For our study, we used data collected from a survey of authors, to get insight into some aspects of the publishing process that had not been previously investigated.	2
In particular, we sought to assess the degree of insularity in the citations of scientific articles and whether this behavior varies across countries, continents and related areas of knowledge.	1
Garfield (1972) proposed a citation-based index to measure the impact of journals called the journal impact factor (JIF).	3
Strauss from the US has the highest x- index (= 5.73 with x-core at cited = 16.44 and citable = 2); see Fig.	4
other), number of pages, month of publication, study on humans (yes vs.	4
To be more central, or to be in the thick of things, means that an author has more opportunities to influence the thinking of others.	5
There is a need to expand the research focus in this field to include communicable and non-communicable diseases.	5
Over-three quarters of participants (77%; 23/30) agreed that the training was helpful in improving their peer-review skills (table 4).	4
Any opinions and views expressed in this publication are the opinions and views of the authors, and are not the views of or endorsed by Taylor & Francis.	0
We conducted a cross-sectional study from October 2018 to March 2019 using a structured self-administered questionnaire.	3
As a sample, we started with all academics that were nominated for the Economics top-40 between 2011 and 2013.	2
Only three journal articles had 25 or more citations.	4
A technique referred to as ICRT (Issue-based Clustering with Reference Titles) was thus developed.	3
The download percentages of the quantitative analysis are used as a benchmark, and are compared to the actual values found using an independent t-test.	3
Methodologically, this meta-evaluation is based on structured content analysis.	3
The simple impact factor is calculated as the ‘ratio of the number of citations by the number of items in the series' with a higher impact factor signalling influence among academics and possibly on the formulation of economic policy.	2
Regarding author gender, as shown in Table 12, male authors dominate in all journals, but there is increasing involvement of women, from 10.76% in the first period to 13.16% in the third.	4
Abbreviations: APC, article processing charge; NA, not applicable; OA, open access; SJR, Scientific Journal Ranking.	0
We used a purposeful sampling approach (Patton, 1990), reliant on the Australian Research Council's (2018) definition of an ECR as being within 5 years of doctoral degree conferral.	2
The underused practice of Small Grants for Exploratory Research (SGER) (Wagner and Alexander 2013) coincides with the analysis in this paper.	2
Se han seleccionado las tasas de Rendimiento, Graduación y Abandono de los estudiantes de Grado de las universidades espa?olas.	2
d School of Public Policy, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA, 30332, USA	0
The United States is the most prolific, but some European countries are more productive relative to their population.	5
A semistructured interview guide was developed by the study group and used by experienced interviewers in focus group discussions and individual interviews.	3
The Kendall's tau rank correlation coefficient (t) is used to explore the significant relationship between each pair of indicators.	3
We conclude from our results that peer judgements of importance and significance differ from metrics-based measurements, and that chemists should work with bibliometricians to develop metrics that better capture the nuance of opinions on the importance of a given piece of research.	5
In other words, factors that constitute the regulative pillar which support research are weak, whereas the factors that constitute the normative and cultural-cognitive pillars that promote teaching are strong.	5
First, we calculated the average Scopus-indexed article number/author values for every periodical, and then we measured the number of authors who earned their BA, MA and/or PhD from GN universities.	3
Our study in the field of education shows that, as measured by number of citations, the Green OA model had a greater impact than Gold OA or hybrid models.	5
In total, 784209 citations to scientific articles in all disciplines have been identified; of these 41655 citations (5%) correspond to works in the Humanities.	4
The mean and median number of authors on articles with errata were 9.0 (9.5) and 6.	4
Since the SDGs came into force on 1 January 2016 [29], the period from this date to 30 June 2023 was selected for analysis.	2
Using research grant level data and a difference-in-differences estimator, we found that the more generous funding resulted in higher research output, measured by the number of publications, the number of citation-weighted publications, the number of journal impact factor-adjusted publications, and the maximum journal impact factor.	4
Paper abstracts were extracted from the AMiner repository2.	2
This study uses an observational, cross-sectional approach, analyzing 2,088 papers from a large subset of leading systems conferences.	2
In counting only the first author in the citation data, the results include 70,947 citations (including English references) and 31,470 cited authors (including English authors).	2
There was a moderate, positive, statistically significant correlation between the number of publications and GDP PPP (r = 0.682, p < 0.001).	4
About a fifth of the articles (21.2%) were published either in presumed predatory journals or in journals of uncertain legitimacy.	4
However, articles in questionable journals were still extensively cited in 1736 primarily non-questionable journals.	4
The analysis indicates that the scientific disruption not only results in dramatic changes in the knowledge content, but also in context (e.g., journals and authors), and will lead to chaos in subsequent evolution.	5
The workshop was specifically tailored to improve scientific writing skills, offer insights into the publication process, and equip researchers with the necessary tools to overcome obstacles in publishing their work.	3
We see that both Betweenness and Clustering of topics have statistically significant relationships with Interdomainness.	4
We then extracted the number of entries published in PubMed each year between 2000 and 2021 [27].	2
This research received no specific grant from any funding agency in the public, commercial or not-for-profit sectors.	0
Historical roots analysis identified 33 historical roots and 16 clinical areas where bibliometrics was applied.	4
Then we used a hierarchical edge bundling (Holten, 2006) graph to show the relationships between topics detected by the three methods.	3
In most areas of knowledge, women produce more human resources than men.	4
Visualization tool VOSviewer is used to construct the co-author network.	3
We analyse reference lists of citing papers in the fields of Biomedical Engineering, Economics, Medicine, Psychology, and Library & Information Science between 2010 and 2019.	2
To explore this question, samples of the anglophone vocabularies of these subjects were created using the Oxford English Dictionary (Benjafield in Scientometrics 118:1051–1064, 2019.	1
In addition, Scival has also been used, which is based on Scopus data, to extract the total number of citations received.	2
It provides a representative sample of all Spanish residents under the age of 70 who obtained a PhD in any (either public or private) Spanish university in the period 1990–2006.	2
It seems clear that co-authorship was responsible for the increase in research output after the first three 3-year periods of Richards' career.	4
The results were compared to those of two previous five-year studies that covered the time periods of 1993–1997 and 1998–2002 to examine longitudinal trends.	1
The procedures involved are fully explained in D'Angelo, Giuffrida, and Abramo (2011).	0
Interestingly, we found that the interaction dimension has a growing effect, over time, on article citations.	4
In this study we aimed to establish a theoretical and empirical link between the use of performance targets in higher education and academic integrity.	5
Walberg who read several earlier drafts and suggested the spacial presentation of the data.	0
Among the influential users found, PLOS One has the highest eigenvalue and the highest degree value in the whole network.	4
This article also gives an overview of which countries Estonian researchers' collaboration partners come from and which research fields have benefitted the most from international collaboration.	1
Obesity-related publications increased more than 10-fold over 30 years, whereas NHLBI-funded publications only increased twofold.	4
The United Kingdom is shown as the country with the highest production of scientific literature and collaboration index regarding the subject matter.	4
In the Transition Period (2001–2007), the most prominent topics across the scientific literature produced were, in order: Service Quality, Internet, Performance, Financial Services and Antecedents.	4
We find little difference between cases where a dimension was seen as encouraged or formally required by funding (represented as bars in the middle of each diagram).	4
Emerald is a global publisher linking research and practice to the benefit of society.	0
In order to quantify the above-mentioned connectedness, Zhang and Gl?nzel (2012) have analysed "the extent of co-authorship", which denotes the number of different co-authors of the scientist under study.	3
Using regression models, we analyze the impact of economic, political, educational, and social factors on the publication rates in these domains.	3
In addition to the first gold standard, we also collected citation relationships from Scopus and WoS as our second and third gold standards.	2
The topic analysis was then conducted to identify the main research themes in predatory publishing.	3
Our results show that compared to the Finnish universities' entire output a larger share of AKA-funded research is published in leading JUFO rated journals and book publishers.	4
In conclusion, our result shows that HDP is a promising approach to topic detection and tracking when compared with traditional methods such as cocitation and co-word studies.	5
Open Access in China: A Study of Social Science Journals 339	0
PoP reports, in addition of the 10 metrics, information on the number of papers, total citations, years in search window, cites/year, cites/paper, cites/author, papers/author and authors/paper.	3
Beyond these considerations, we hope the methods introduced here help future studies build a deeper understanding of scientific change.	5
The median of the required number of first/senior authorships is six (Q1 = 5, Q3 = 7).	4
Furthermore, water consumption on board is much larger than that on the ground.	0
The study used citation analysis to determine the cited publication format, age dispersion, frequency of cited journal titles, and availability of the information resources that researchers publish in and cite, and to determine how well the library supports the needs of these scientists and researchers.	1
The topic model was estimated with the year of publication and region of the first author as covariates, i.e., the topic proportions are allowed to vary across time as well as geographically.	3
The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of AIRank in evaluating the impact of scholars more comprehensively and finding more top ranking scholars with interdisciplinary nature.	5
The journal with the highest observed value of the invariant measure, Journal of Political Economy, has the best performance and constitutes a singleton, whereas Quarterly Journal of Economics and Econometrica form the next group (there is a slight overlap between the two with respect to confidence intervals).	4
When assessing the impact of SSRF, we are particularly interested in distinguishing between national science produced by domestic researchers (i.e., through indigenous innovation) and international science involving cross-border research collaboration (i.e., through collaborative innovation).	1
Our study also provides a more realistic conceptualization of the practices of IDR centers.	5
In addition, we derived data on research grants from the KAKEN database (http://kaken.nii.ac.jp/).	2
Our metric takes the number of published papers and weights it by the Impact Factor of the journal in which each paper was published.	3
Therefore, the closer to the bottom of the list the journal appears (i.e., the higher its order #), the lower its mean score is.	4
In summary, in this chapter, we have shown how to use tools initially developed in the field of social network analysis to tackle questions as diverse as: 1.	5
The company manages a portfolio of more than 290 journals and over 2,350 books and book series volumes, as well as providing an extensive range of online products and additional customer resources and services.	0
In our study, we induced the cluster and timeline landscapes.	3
The empirical settings for the analysis were scientists, holding a PhD, who are currently members of a set of Portuguese ‘core' research centres – the Pluriannual Funding R&D Units and the Associated Laboratories – in three main fields: Health Sciences, Information Technologies and Sociology.	2
researchers with at least one publication / total number of reserachers	3
The association between open access status and number of citations was assessed using multivariable Poisson regression models adjusting for journal and article type.	3
The increased importance of impact would also change the hiring and promotion procedures of the institutes.	5
A collaboration co-authorship network can be conceived of as the 1-mode projection of an affiliation network, in which researchers are connected to one another through their common membership in research projects or groups, and more specifically, through their common presence as co-authors in papers published in peer-reviewed journals and con- ference proceedings (Barabási et al.	3
In this paper we described RALEX, a random-walk based document ranking framework for scientific literature to help researchers identify publications with a high potential for scientific utility in their domains of interest, which is all the more challenging that those domains are at the frontier of science and technology.	5
On the other hand, science mapping intended to show the structural and dynamic aspects of a field of research using techniques such as bibliographic coupling [3], the co-citations of documents [4], citation, co-authorship or co-ocurrence of keywords.	3
The Elsevier data for Submit and Review were sourced from Elsevier's website for journal metrics (https://journalinsights.elsevier.com/journals/0960-9776), whereas Elsevier APCs were sourced from Elsevier price list on the official website and OpenAPC.	2
Relationship between the number of citations of documents in Google Scholar and the rank position they occupy in the search engine results page.	0
In practice, we analyse the geographical location of sources of knowledge for Finnish research by examining the locations in which the scientific literature cited in Finnish publications was written.	3
3) What were US scientists' primary reasons for choosing to collaborate with their Chinese co-authors on COVID-19-related research?	1
For each category, the subject and year normalised log-transformed citation count ?	3
Citation data for each economist were collected from Google Scholar.	2
However, one can find hints to problems regarding publications in tweet texts.	5
As shown in Table 1, for the year 2011, these journals published a total of 308 papers, of which 74.0% were co-authored.	4
Our analysis quantifies, for the first time, the evolution of research topics within the same research cycle, as represented in the abstracts of a grant and its linked publications.	5
The fourth focuses on the affordances of the published league tables of university rankings that many extra-academic actors use for outsourcing part of their decision-making to the league tables.	4
Our approach could be easily employed on other universities, as well.	5
The WoS includes the Science Citations Index Expanded, the Social Sciences Citation Index, and the Arts and Humanities Citation Index.	2
Next, topic popularity can also greatly affect the quantity and amount of research funding obtained by teams.	5
While there will remain a place for traditional citation metrics, in other cases newer forms of assessment might be more valuable.	5
Our model and its scope are versatile and applicable to other case study areas, estimation periods, and target materials.	5
Therefore targeted maximum likelihood estimation (TMLE), which functions as an integrated propensity score method, was adopted for this study.	3
Keywords: marine mammals; South America; bibliometric analysis; collaboration network; citations; research topics	0
The key question addressed in this paper was whether it is possible to predict the future growth potential of technologies based on data regarding the relevant respective research activities.	5
MeSH terms were sorted by their normalized frequency.	3
Conflict of interest The authors have no conflict of interest to declare that are relevant to the content of this article.	0
research with higher ex-ante expected value) than large teams because of strategic considerations and self-interest reasons inherent to the individuals.	5
Fortunately, the utility patents granted by the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), containing a statement of government interest, offer an appropriate window to examine the landscape of today's patterns of government support for innovation.	2
Research trends and emerging technologies were explored through the Web of Science (WoS) literature of the last decade in relation to plasma technology, especially plasma surface treatment, widely used in all industries.	1
Secondly, the study finds a consistent negative association between temporal diversity and citation impact, in line with traditional assumptions about the relationship between the recency of references and academic impact (Herrmannova et al., 2018; Onodera & Yoshikane, 2015).	5
From the previous analysis, it is clear that citation counts and core influence exhibit similar behavior with respect to the influential papers from Wikipedia.	4
How has research of other academic disciplines crossed over into the SLA discipline and formed new interdisciplinary research areas or sub-disciplines with existing SLA research during the same period?	1
The purposes of the peer review process include the facilitation of editorial decisions and the provision of feedback to help authors improve the quality of their manuscripts.	1
In doing so, authors are offered empirical evidence and insights into why papers that have a high impact not only differ from unsuccessful papers in terms of content, but also their structure.	1
Recalling again Table 1 (and using other results not shown), women as a group feel less appreciated by their colleagues, center-based researchers as a group feel more appreciated by their colleagues, and center-based women fall between these two groups in their level of feeling appreciated.	0
Furthermore, propensity score matching (PSM) analysis, a causal inference approach, was used to estimate the effect of open access on the policy impact based on a selected LIS journal (Scientometrics, n=4019) that received the most policy citations among the LIS journals.	3
More than half of them were composed by single authors, but multiauthorship became more prevalent with time.	4
By identifying types of problems that lead to substantive textual changes, we provide a means of systematically studying and understanding the nature of the objective changes brought about by peer review and the editorial process.	0
The 4588 most productive researchers account for 0.03% of all the Scopus accounts	0
In both cases, Poisson models were initially considered; however, due to the presence of overdispersion these models were replaced by quasi-Poisson models.	3
Stronger associations were found between the scientific output and the economic ranking, here represented by the cumulative impact factor of their published papers (rs = 0.74; p < 0.001), and between the number of EC-project reports published in CORDIS 2015 with NIC (rs = 0.67; p < 0.001).	4
Upon conclusion of the coding, the articles were aggregated into two main research approaches, the teaching and learning approach and the policy approach, following the findings of Horta and Jung (2014) regarding the broad higher education research areas of inquiry in Asia.	3
Firstly, these findings can enrich the research on international mobility as a new factor within the mechanism of cumulative advantages, and extend our understanding on the implicit and long-term consequences of the norm of international mobility.	5
Strikingly, we show that family structure is also important.	5
The percentage of industry subsidies tended to decrease, but this was not significant in a linear regression model (r=0.02, p≥0.05).	4
Journals received more citations than any other document formats although 16 master's theses were completed without citing a single journal.	4
This percentage was 3.9% for PubMed (entire database) over the same period (1,003,486 articles with at least one ORCID among the 25,954,423 references).	4
The fit evaluation at each stage is summarized in Table 3.	0
We conclude by arguing that this typology is useful for thinking more critically about practical mechanisms and instruments for creating more nuanced tools for impact evaluation.	5
Overall Angolan HEIs have few institutional repositories, and have so far placed little value on OA in the context of academic career advancement.	4
It is very likely that this error does not impact findings in the research fields, for example, of dietary antioxidants (Pérez-Gálvez et al., 2020) or human metabolism (Bohn et al., 2019), or even in a wide range of pure and applied sciences in which this error was detected, as was noted in Teixeira da Silva (2021a).	5
To advance the main objectives of the study, five questions are addressed: To what extent has the China-Africa collaboration made progress in terms of research performance since 2006?	1
While the number of studies per author is 0.287, the number of authors per study is determined as 3.49, and the collaboration index is 3.57.	4
The model predictions are confirmed by the results obtained from bootstrapping the data for sub-panels composed by three referees, and fully consistent with the NIPS experiment.	3
The data in this figure is based on Table 1 of Appendix.	0
Clustering and network visualizations addressed the following items: co-authorship patterns, co-citing publications, and text data (terms) in the titles and abstracts of the downloaded bibliographic records.	3
The coefficients for geographical distance and linguistic commonality show a slight decline over time, suggesting that the intensity of international collaboration is less dependent on geography and language in the period 2009–2017 than in the period 2000–2008.	4
The study sample included 127 full-time academic craniofacial surgeons.	2
A total of 7,893 eligible articles were identified over the 11-year search period.	4
However, when adjusted by population size, Denmark had the most articles per million population, followed by Switzerland and the Netherlands.	4
Countries with a higher GERD/GDP showed a lower % of funding by the government (-0.45) and, therefore, a higher % of business funding (0.80).	4
The objective of this study was to examine how COVID-19 has impacted perceived publication pressure amongst academic researchers in Canada.	1
We designed our case study of ten Southeast Asian countries to uncover conspicuous publishing patterns obscured by global average figures.	1
Additionally, it provides a thematic analysis of the publications by deploying bibliographic coupling of articles into 6 clusters.	1
These observations raise the question: "How can intrinsically-better-suited PV material technologies relevant for commercialization and real-world impact be recognized, and recognized early?".	1
Particularly striking is the dramatic shift toward higher new coauthor rates for T2 researchers with shorter careers (Figure 1f).	4
Based on the publications in the WOS database (http://www.webofknowledge.com/, accessed on 3 July 2020), we conducted a bibliometric analysis of the research results from the earliest mention in 1978 to 2020 by online bibliographic retrieval as of 31 December 2020 [28].	2
Searching procedures were performed between June and December 2014.	2
In conclusion, this study proposes a new bibliometric measure of originality.	5
One simple way to estimate w(P,Pc) is to ignore the differences in contributions among the references to the citing paper, as done in normalized.	3
Through qualitative and quantitative analysis, achievements and challenges are identified for CELAJs to facilitate internationalization.	3
This difference could be because The European Journal of Vascular and Endovascular Surgery (EJVES) is the official journal of the European Society for Vascular Surgery just as the Journal of Vascular Surgery (JVS) is the official journal of the Society for Vascular Surgery in North America.	5
Despite the clear differences between the CEE countries studied and the two Western/Nordic countries across all disciplines, publication patterns in CEE countries are becoming more similar to those in Western and Nordic countries, albeit with different intensity.	5
Our information source to create the backward citations database was taken from the Mondragón and Barnés book Manuel Sandoval Vallarta.	2
The order of signatures and the address for correspondence in scientific publications are bibliographic characteristics that facilitate a precise, in-depth analysis of cooperative practices and their associations with concepts like dominance or leadership.	5
In this paper we first provide the reader with background information about normalisation factors and focus on the arguments for or against the averaged and globalised approaches (Section 2).	0
Here, we apply the Collab-CNCI indicator at the institutional level comparing outcomes with those of the standard (henceforth referred to as Standard) and Fractional (i.e., Waltman & van Eck, 2015) CNCI.	1
1 Institute of Management and Decision, Shanxi University, Taiyuan 030006, Shanxi, People’s Republic of China	0
Twelve journals in WoS and 26 journals in ISC databases indexed between the years (2006-2009) were selected and compared.	2
We thank Carolina Seas for her assistance with the literature and manuscript preparation.	0
Additional services and information for Journal of Information Science can be found at:	0
In a previous study, we identified the medical education journals that are the most productive (i.e.	2
The mean distance of JRMS co-authorship network of authors was four.	4
It also explores the motivators for publishing in international scholarly journals among these researchers.	1
Raw citation counts rather than log transformations were used in this table.	0
Quantitative data were collected during the meetings in teams of two using a standardised data entry form.	3
Therefore, the common practice of calculating an overall ATC scale score may not be adequate for fully capturing cheating attitudes.	5
Does the presence of a highly-cited article in a journal issue have an effect on the number of citations received by other articles within that issue?	1
In particular, is there an indication of knowledge flows and cooperation between scientifically advantaged countries and emerging countries?	1
The frequency distribution of the variables are presented in Table 4.	0
variations in publication rates) in favour of male researchers be observed?	1
Among the 443 articles included in this study, 104 were published in 2013, 215 in 2014, and 124 in 2015.	0
Based on this information, we calculated in which quartile a given journal within a subject category was classified in every year.	3
(3) What are the newly emerging research topics in e-health?	1
Subsequently, the Intellectual Property Citation Index (IPCI) was used to calculate the status of the journals that were cited in the patents.	3
The analysis revealed that values of the h-index based on the Scopus database are typically 5–20 for researchers placed in the NRF’s C rating category (‘established’), 20–40 for those in the B rating category (‘considerable international recognition’) and >40 for those in the A rating category (‘leading international scholars’).	4
The model's predictive power for early career researchers is far lower than the previous model where all career ages were lumped together (t = All).	4
A mathematical model of the co-authorship sharing problem is described by a set of authors N = {1, .	2
The study used the critical incident of last reading by academics to gather information on the purpose, outcomes, and values of scholarly readings and access to library collections.	3
We need only look to the recent Blockchain for Science conference [3] and the progress these innovators have made since then for a view into how this technology is making inroads into the fabric of scholarly communications.	0
A curious outcome of the analysis, which has not been explained in our previous paper (Franceschini et al. 2014), is the fact that bibliometric databases may sometimes mistakenly assign the same digital object identifier (DOI) to multiple papers.	4
We calculated the NOAI using data at the level of Journal Categories from the Web of Science (WOS) database, which provide more reliable data on disciplinary classification.	3
In other words, while ICS network detects relatively “novel” entity pairs, DCS network captures entity pairs that could be considered as “traditional”.	5
In this work, we quantify luck fluctuations in impact across creative careers from film, music, literature, and science, and create a framework to compare the broad observed differences in impact [7, 22].	1
The majority (60.9 %) of the 733 papers published by the Brazilian researchers with Research Productivity Grant funded by CNPq was written in co-authorship.	4
environmental sciences in registered institutions before OARE registration, non-environmental sciences in registered institutions and all research fields in unregistered institutions) before and after a given institution has registered (or not) with OARE.	3
We have found that, much more often than not, grant review experts failed in predicting future publication activity.	5
For non-English-speaking countries, it is especially important that most of the scientific activity evaluated is represented in the bibliometric database used.	1
To identify the TSs in each SDS, we rank all professors by their total impact in the period under observation.	3
We used total and normalized H-impact indicators (excluding self-citations) provided by Journal Scholar Metrics for journals only indexed in the regional bases Scielo or Redalyc, and not in Scopus.	3
For each country, results indicate that the majority of researchers prefer to collaborate (in order of preference) with their peers in their own research group, with foreign partners, and with national collaborators from other universities.	4
Cross-continental brokering behaviors all have positive effects on their corresponding roles in small regions (cross-region).	4
3 shows the mutual ‘research collaboration’ between the 17 countries when examining their transnational co-authorship patterns.	3
In the analysis, the quantitative funding data are supplemented with a comprehensive qualitative account of the Danish research policy development in the period from 1968 to 2010 based on document analysis and interviews with a number of central research policy actors (Aagaard 2011).	2
The overall errata occurrence was 4.2%, ranging from 0% to 18.8% across journals (Table 1).	4
Structured notations are included in two-thirds of RyC vs.	4
In summary, MDs and radiologists still dominate authorship in the AJNR; however, there are trends from 1998 to 2018 toward more PhD-authored, multi-institutional, and funded articles.	5
Controlling for the frequency of the first letters of name, i.e.	4
The institution with the largest number of studies was the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai in the USA (n=8).	4
To compare cited JoVE articles with one another in terms of any citation advantage, normalised citation rank was calculated using the formula (rank-1)/(articles-1) (Thelwall and Wilson 2016).	3
A total of 4994 articles were published over the 10-year period, with the largest contributor of publications being the United States of America (USA), who produced 2096 (41.8%) publications.	2
To reveal the research performance and trends of the Czech Republic, this study carried out a bibliometric analysis of Czech publications during 1993 – 2012 covered in the Science Citation Index Expanded.	1
Indeed, there are nowadays 2894 letters published between 1996 and 2018 and cited 100 times or more (Clarivate Analytics 2018a).	2
The author co-citation analysis network helps highlight higher-order connectivity patterns among authors.	0
This method underestimates the extent of self-citation as the SSCI lists only the citing article's lead author.	0
The results were collected in an Excel sheet.	3
The most cited journal is the Journal of Operations Management (Q1 and ABDC rating of A*) from which 560 articles were cited by OMR documents.	4
This study aims to investigate the factors contributing to the sometimes-persistent citation impact of selected publications retracted due to falsification, fabrication, and error in an explorative manner.	1
Journal articles constitute the majority of downloads at 82.36%, followed by conference papers (12.89%).	4
The number of authors ranged from 500 (which was the minimum chosen for mega-author content) to a high of 5,502.	4
A set of multidimensional and practical bibliometric indicators is used to identify ERTs, to further identify the knowledge bases of ERTs and construct citation curves for both ERTs and their knowledge bases.	3
The following questions were posed: How is productivity distributed among lead authors?	1
8 presents the Spearman's rank correlation coefficient for each field.	4
The T100 articles were published in 40 different journals, predominantly in Circulation (n = 38), Journal of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery (n = 19), Annals of Thoracic Surgery (n = 18), Radiology (n = 14), Journal of the American College of Cardiology (n = 10), Journal of Vascular Surgery (n = 9), and New England Journal of Medicine (n = 7).	4
The results obtained differ from previous studies in two main aspects.	5
In the next section of the article, the authors describe the study's methodology.	0
From 2000 to 2011, the proportion of University publications that were produced by internal collaboration rose from 46 to 63% (Fig.	4
Copyright of Aslib Proceedings is the property of Emerald Group Publishing Limited and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the copyright holder’s express written permission.	0
For each article, the countries associated with the authors' research institutions were counted using the whole counting method (Gauffriau et al., 2008).	3
I analyse the suitability of this approach for individual book assessment and visibility of national books in the library catalogues, to support responsible research evaluation.	1
(2014), who used the simple Impact Factor (as defined by Thomson Reuters), we identify the most important journals as those with an Article Influence Score (AIS) in the top quarter within their particular WoS Category.	3
Through this study, we were able to identify funding processes that are considered by some to be effortful, but necessary, as well as those that were perceived as unnecessary, complex and repetitive, and may waste some researchers time and effort and impact on well-being.	5
A lower propensity of female researchers to move internationally in the long term, compared to their male colleagues, is evident from Fig.	4
Our findings support the thesis that gender-related publication patterns exist and are one of the factors that lead to an underrepresentation of women in mathematics.	5
Initially, 216 documents were retrieved from the Thompson Reuters Web of Science Core Collection database with three document types: articles, review and book review.	2
The target population of the study was the 3 451 academic and the library staff who served as OAIR managers at the five selected universities: 3 439 academic staff were identified for the quantitative phase, and 12 library staff in the qualitative phase.	2
This study aimed to analyze the top 100 most cited papers and research trends on endometrial carcinoma via bibliometric methods.	1
9,205 publications in 2008/09 and 15,549 in 2018/19 with 21,435 cumulative IF (CIF) in 2008/09 and 50,552 in 2018/19 were registered.	2
The ability of publishing highly cited and hot papers is an aspect of the scientific achievements of Nobel laureates, which has not received much attention in the bibliometric literature.	1
A higher frequency of feedback was provided at stage 2 and for successful applications across the majority of components.	4
To explore this issue, we coded two new dummy variables indicating whether a scientist was omitted from the list of authors (om-author = 1) and from the list of inventors (om-inventor = 1), conditional upon having made a strong or very strong conceptual contribution (conception/idea score of 4 or 5).	3
They were also on top of the most cited journal list.	0
This paper focuses on conceptual issues surrounding authorship.	3
In 2018, cases of PhD graduates were collected from a chemistry department in an elite Chinese university, as chemistry is a typical natural science discipline (Balaban and Klein 2006), and long-term experiences of international mobility was important in securing academic careers in this department.	2
Section 3 presents the research methods, including this study's participants, its experimental design, its data, and its data analysis process.	0
This paper proposes a new direction of quantifying the degree of transdisciplinarity of a certain publication from the perspective of transdisciplinary impact.	5
Finally, we identified 1,093 papers for research data.	2
The majority of themes identified were negative towards ORCID, with many lecturers appearing unsure about its purpose, having only registered for ORCID because of external pressure.	4
The interpretive machine learning models are conducted to discover that the Gradient Boosting classifier performs better for predicting transition possibility, and Random Forests regression is the most effective for predicting transition pace.	3
In our analysis of re-tweets, we used an independent samples Mann–Whitney U Test.	3
For instructions on how to order reprints of this article, please visit our website: www.emeraldgrouppublishing.com/licensing/reprints.htm	0
Finally, we analyzed the data statistically using SPSS 21.0, and analyzed the overall differences in citation counts among different groups by the Kruskal-Wallis H-test.	3
The importance of regional networks for HIV research in public administration and governance	0
The major outcomes of this study are that: (1) both databases slowly correct old omitted citations, and (2) a small portion of initially corrected citations can surprisingly come off from databases over time.	4
The normality of continuous variables was evaluated using the Shapiro-Wilk test.	3
TABLE 1: The detailed information of the standards mentioned in this paper.	0
The method of bibliometric analysis has been used to identify the contributions of these objects in many overall fields, subfields, and special topics of environmental science research.	3
The various behavior patterns might repeat themselves in a fractal way inside a single researcher, in the cases when a researcher has a varied research output.	4
The main policy advice considering the significant and positive effect of collaboration with top-funded scientists on scientific production consists of maintaining incentives (or giving a mandate) for top-funded scientists to continue their collaborations with lower-funded scientists, as the entire science system benefits from them.	5
Thus, to estimate the impact of being in the same room at the event on the likelihood of collaboration between pairs, we ran linear regressions with the following specification: (1) Collaborationij = a + βSame roomij + θSame roomij * Distanceij + πDistanceij + δXij + Eij	3
However, using novel measures of translational science, this study examines the relationship between CTSAs and translational science per se.	1
We used a total of 805 peer reviewed publications and the resulting 20,313 citations for this analysis.	2
To capture variability in institutional responses, we have primarily investigated three types of documents: institutional open access polices, main strategy documents (institutional priorities over a multiyear period) and annual reports from all ten Norwegian universities, in total 182 documents.	2
The compared methods include Common Neighbors-based, Local Path-based, and SimR-based methods.	4
Source: Official statistics were obtained from the China Scholarship Council (CSC, 2016).	0
For this study, we measured negative collaboration experiences in two contexts: (1) for the respondents' full career and (2) for their most recent article.	3
This system of manuscript transfer benefits from the pressure put on researchers by their institutional employers to maximize the number of papers published in outlets with high JIFs.	5
This paper constructed paths from funding to citation impact on a country basis.	1
For the analysis, VOSviewer, R-based Bibliometrix (4.2.2), and MapChart were used.	3
The results found for the NZ PBRFS do not necessarily carry over to assessment exercises in other countries.	5
Applying MFC using a k-th root is equivalent to giving each author of a publication with N authors a credit equal to 1/ k√N.	3
For a number of researchers a number of publications for each author is simulated using the zeta distribution and then for each publication a number of citations per publication simulated.	3
We also examined whether the authorship community of JE shares the small-world properties which have been detected in the authors' network, in the entirety of EconLit journals over the last three decades of the twentieth century (Goyal et al., 2006).	3
Moreover, the TF-IDF+K-Means clustering algorithm was used to group event pairs with high similarity into one category.	3
We then discuss how management academia can address low-profile misconduct through transformative research ethics education at the organizational level.	5
The proportion of the research papers cited by a patent has doubled.	4
Other aspects may also be of relevance for class labeling, such as the use of different term extraction approaches.	0
Informa Ltd Registered in England and Wales Registered Number: 1072954 Registered office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London W1T 3JH, UK	0
Journal Citation Reports (JCR)[11] tabulated bibliometric data of 11335 journals in 2015.	2
Significant variance was observed when the cohort was ranked by individual bibliometric measures; the median ranking shifts were: r-index – 2 (– 46 to + 23); m-index – 6.5 (– 53 to + 22); g-index – 0.5 (– 24 to + 13); and i10-index 0 (– 8 to + 11), respectively (p < 0.001).	4
A useful starting point is the survey of 3,000 early career Southern researchers conducted by the NGO INASP in 2016 (Nobes and Harris, 2019).	2
This general position is well represented in traditional history and philosophy of science, including in the works of Kuhn (1970 [1962]), Lakatos (1976), and Laudan (1977).	0
We show that ranks of the highest, as well as the lowest, ranked journals are well estimated, while there is a high degree of uncertainty regarding the rank of many mid-ranked journals.	4
A literature search on Dotter's scientific outputs was conducted using both the PubMed and Scopus databases.	2
In order to provide a global perspective, we chose the top 2000 higher education institutions as ranked in the ranking web of universities (www.	2
During the last 17 years (1997–2013), the average number of submissions to Nature was about 9589 submissions per year, and the acceptance average was about 9.11 % (http://www.nature.com/nature/authors/get_published).	2
We used the NetworkAnalyzer [14] tool built into the network visualization software Cytoscape [15], to count connected components and measure centralization in each network.	3
Upon inspection then, the raw frequency figures of journals, heretofore the quantitative basis of Bradfordian analysis, turn out to be hostage to many extraneous details of publication and indexing, and not absolute characteristics at all.	0
Our analysis reveals that collaborations densify as each institution grows, but at different rates (heterogeneous densification).	4
The results indicate that English has undoubtedly become the lingua franca in informal scientific communication.	5
Integrating preprinting in journal submission workflows was identified as the most important way to promote preprinting.	5
The task for arts and humanities researchers is to leverage their legitimacy as one of the strongest elements of the Irish research ecosystem, through the clearly defined objects of what the university is for, as well as broad existing social support for higher education.	5
The second stage of the study attempted nominal comparative-based causal analysis, where quantitative bibliometric data were reduced in order to identify patterns and trends between cohorts (Mahoney, 2000).	3
We then proceed to gather data from the Mathematics Genealogy Project (MGP, http://www.genealogy.ams.org).	2
Plagiarism was the most common allegation for retractions, accounting for 86 % of notices in non-JCR and 43 % in JCR journals (retractions with described reasons).	4
Here we have provided evidence that research careers exhibit the broad distributions of individual success characteristic of competitive systems in which cumulative advantage plays a key role.	5
Are specialized publications more frequently the fruit of collaboration than diversified ones?	1
The purpose of this paper is to identify the research contributions of authors and subauthors in order to outline how authorship, as opposed to acknowledgment, is awarded in the lab-based life sciences.	1
We also find that the number of institutions scales with the number of researchers as a power law (Heaps' law) and institution sizes approximate Zipf's law.	4
As the data are over-dispersed, we use from the generalized linear models suite the negative binomial with log link model.	3
2 Bubble chart of funding ratios of all articles, top 1 % articles and top 10 % articles in social science (the size of bubble denotes the number of funded article in social science)	0
The AJG18 is classified with an accuracy of up to 66% which demonstrates that the ML models have performed much better in classifying the citation-based quantitative ranked outlets than the expert-based qualitative outlet.	5
By exploring feedback and patterns across stages and outcomes, we identified the key areas that are commonly raised in feedback reports.	5
The total data universe used for the present study is publications from 1993 to 2011 in the Web of Science (WoS) database of CWTS, Leiden University, Netherlands.	2
To recognize the 100 top-cited articles related to the field of gastric diseases, the authoritative and professional citation indexing database, Thomson Reuters Web of Science, was used by two independent researchers on November 20, 2019 (Web of Knowledge, 2019).	2
As a first step towards this goal, this study aims to identify characteristics of medical students who have successfully completed research projects; their environment, barriers to research and motivational factors; with the hope to use this information to direct further research and interventions that will strengthen research capacities among physicians in the country and contribute to medical practice.	1
In our study, the array of Russian journals represented in Scopus and WoS was divided into 14 thematic clusters on the basis of the subject categories of JCR, Scopus, SRSTI, and the OECD rubrica-tor.	3
The main limitations of the RASI index to assess the authors citation-based performance is that it is only useful to evaluate individuals.	5
Following IRB approval, Scopus was used to generate bibliometric profiles for US Pediatric Surgery training programs and faculty.	3
Based on a large-scale academic survey (N=3704), some new predictors of international research collaboration were identified by multivariate analyses.	2
This study examined the trends in food web research over the past decades by analysing publication data from Web of Science; in particular, it focused on the ecosystem types studied, countries in which the studies were done, and which countries collaborated on the studies.	1
Over which sources and countries do IJLM articles find the most influence?	1
At present, many libraries' websites, bibliometric and research data management services are not stated and are less visible to website visitors.	5
With respect to the firms associated with these patents, I found that 11 out of a total of 392 companies accounted for 30 percent of the patent collection.	4
Our dataset consists of 41,751 authors and 30,966 publications from the Physical Review C (PRC), spanning over 43 years (from 1970 to 2013).	2
Additionally, we added the respondents' 2011-7 bibliometric data from the Web of Science, including their publication and citation scores.	2
The simplest possible way to model this intention is to think in terms of a simple binary partitioning of the state space.	3
Following the initial demographic questions, participants were asked to self-report the number/amount of several different indicators of research productivity.	2
In 1965–1975, 40% of the production originated from the top ten cities while in 2006–2008 the top ten cities represented only 23% of the entire production (5086 articles).	4
The results further demonstrate support for both PBC hypotheses (H3a, H3b) and thus evidence for treating the PBC variable as two conceptually and operationally distinct sub-factors.	5
Judging from the number of publications the most active fields are: Miscellaneous Physics, Applied Physics and Condensed Matter Physics.	4
The aim of this paper was to analyze the publication patterns of the pediatric burns research literature over time using bibliometric methodology and to highlight the evolution of this sub-specialty.	1
Our data set consists of all research articles that were published in JE from the first Issue of 1973 to the last Issue of 2012.	2
We evaluated the related research on the knowledge framework of Artificial Intelligence (Al) applications in Oncology through bibliometrics analysis and explored the research hotspots and current status from 1992 to 2022.	1
The study also identifies ten factors: technological innovation, competitive advantage, innovation diffusion, methodology, technology acceptance, new product, technological transition, knowledge creation, scenario technique, and innovation systems.	5
from university u and held a tenure-track position at university v during the 2011–2012 academic year.	3
Finally, we suggested that the JSC rate in terms of citable items should be considered for judging the level of JSC.	5
The data analysis solution was developed as a set of four nested PySpark notebooks [34] on Elsevier's cloud-based computational platform powered by Databricks.	3
The top three journals (with the highest Scimago Journal Rank (SJR)) were selected in each of the 27 categories.	2
This review presents two histories of the diffusion of research synthesis methods: a narrative history based primarily in the health and social sciences; and a bibliometric overview across science broadly.	1
The BAT consisted of 30 bibliometric items evaluating the key aspects of research producers (such as the number and geographical location of authors and their affiliations), products (such as the research designs and data analyses used) and consumption (number of times articles were cited in Scopus) of audited articles (Wiles et al.	3
Is Google Scholar contributing to change reading and citation habits because of the way information is searched and accessed through its search engine?	5
The distribution of female and male authors according to LinkScore categories is presented in Fig.	0
AIC weight is the probability that the model is the “best approximating” model.	0
The latter can be: analysis of co-citations, co-words, co-authorship and bibliographic coupling [60–64].	3
The subject categories indicated the interdisciplinary nature of SA.	5
Publication volume and subject analyses used Thomson Reuters National Science Indicators.	2
Finally, I respond to critics by showing that we should shift the goalposts from debiasing peer review to arrangements of science funding policies that are debiasing as a whole.	1
In addition, based on this raw data, we also calculated field-specific expected citations rates as the average number of citations per paper in a particular field for each of the years in our observation period (2005-2016).	3
In conclusion, the fast growth of proceedings papers represents an adaptive behavior to the context of the PRFS.	5
This study is based on the bibliographic Cristin database (the Norwegian Science Index) that has been developed as part of a current research information system for all public research institutions in Norway.	2
To systematically evaluate the role that small and large teams have in unfolding scientific and technological advances, we collected large-scale datasets from three related but distinct domains (see Methods): (1) the Web of Science (WOS) database that contains more than 42 million articles published between 1954 and 2014, and 611 million cita- tions among them; (2) 5 million patents granted by the US Patent and Trademark Office from 1976 to 2014, and 65 million citations added by patent applicants; (3) 16 million software projects and 9 million forks to them on GitHub (2011–2014), a popular web platform that allows users to collaborate on the same code repository and ‘cite’ other repositories by copying and building on their code.	2
Our search in ProQuest identified 9770 distinct educational doctorate capstones, out of which 2749 were matched to universities listed in the 2023 Shanghai ARWU.	2
Sentiment analysis is a technique for identifying the emotive tenor of a piece of writing.	3
Web mentions, despite some limitations, can be used as substitutes for inlinks in the Spanish academic system, although these indicators are more likely to be influenced by the environment (language, web domain policy, etc.) than inlinks.	4
No university or other institutional review board has been involved in this research.	0
Finally, 915 articles are selected for co-word analysis.	2
This study identified four types of accountable non-author entity and 13 associated reasons for retraction, as presented in Table 1.	4
Table 5 shows, for instance, that based on an analysis of absolute numbers of migrating patterns to the USA, the largest scientific migration to the USA comes, in this order of rank, from (1) China (2) UK (3) Canada (4) Germany and (5) India.	4
This implies that making the metadata available in the user's systems, the infrastructure used on a daily basis, ensures the best results.	5
We used randomization tests for significance for each of these metrics: Altmetric scores 30 days and 3 years after tweeting, number of tweeters after 30 days and 3 years, number of citations in Web of Science after 3 years, and number of citations in Google Scholar after 3 years.	3
In addition, this study finds that, compared with the traditional bibliometric indicators, the coverage of altmetric indicators is relatively low.	5
Because BKCI classifies books into 252 WoS subject categories, which is too fine-grained for statistical analyses (too few books per year and category, 28 on average), the OECD classification scheme was used to combine the books into 17 broad subjects.	2
The Managing Editor in charge of this paper was Andrea Ichino.	0
We will show how these predictions and effects can be estimated and plotted, and how this makes it far easier to get a practical feel for the substantive meaning of results in evaluative bibliometric studies.	1
The purpose of this study was to identify and describe the bibliometric contributions of high-impact social work faculty.	1
We argue, that monitoring organisations against a set of indicators without giving them enough time to realize expected reforms is in our opinion one of the main challenges in the implementation of the monitoring.	5
Against this background, on the basis of a large-scale and cross-disciplinary dataset, the main research objective of this study is to systematically unravel the extent to which scholarly tweets are related to different categories of user engagement.	1
Knowledge of researcher motivations to publish in predatory journals is critical in order to be able to develop effective interventions to prevent future submissions.	5
The three main scientific collaboration networks analyzed of computer science, physics, and sociology researchers had 475, 425 and 145 nodes, respectively, and 1,548, 2,223, and 596 edges, respectively, as summarized in Tables 1–3.	2
This article explores the relationships between faculty library use, their perceptions of the importance of library resources, and its impact on their research productivity at a public research university.	1
Data collection was set up as a two-stage process.	3
Furthermore, the 70 separate topics were clustered into 17 large clusters to facilitate the interpretation of results.	3
Here, the Shapley value solution (Shapley, 1953) was proposed to divide publication credit.	3
This paper analyses citations of journal articles to find out key bibliographic factors that have an effect on citation.	1
Our results show that the breakdown of the communist regime did not lead, on average, to a huge improvement in the publication performance of the Eastern European countries and that the increase in international co-authorship relations by the researchers affiliated to institutions in these countries was smaller than expected.	4
Using the data from these anonymous reports, but also our experience in developing critical reviews of the empirical literature on research collaboration (Bozeman and Boardman 2014; Bozeman et al.	5
We observed noteworthy changes in ECRs' knowledge of unethical behaviours.	4
We selected indexed journals profiled in Journal Citation Reports (JCR), belonging to the categories "Respiratory System", "Infectious Diseases", "Public, Environmental and Occupational Health", "General/Internal Medicine" and "Oncology".	2
In this study, clusters of papers having similar research subjects were identified by co-citation analysis (Small and Sweeney 1985; Small et al.	3
The purpose of this paper is to understand how attitudes, norms (injunctive and descriptive) and perceived behavioral control (PBC) (capacity and autonomy) influence the intention to publish open access (OA), and how personal innovativeness in information technology affects attitude and PBC.	1
In conclusion, the hmen index seems to be a promising indicator which comes close to the traditional scholarly impact measure of the h index, but diverges from it to a small degree.	5
The second objective is to provide a theoretical foundation to explain how specific citation patterns contribute toward the growth of knowledge, based on existing citation theory and Foucault's analysis of discourse.	1
We aimed to evaluate the situations and trends of the most cited articles in gastric disease via bibliometric analysis and to provide physicians a practical guide in assessing the most influential articles written on this subject.	1
A potential Matthew effect was identified in the logic of the platform when choosing an expert, as the platform relies heavily on the reputation of the researchers as one of the factors of recommendations.	5
The Centre for Complex Systems, The University of Sydney, Sydney, NSW, Australia	0
There were 8 topical subdivisions in the network.	4
First, a marked influence of U.S. institutions was reflected in both networks.	4
When the number of papers published per year in a scientific field grows large, citations flow disproportionately to already well-cited papers; the list of most-cited papers ossifies; new papers are unlikely to ever become highly cited, and when they do, it is not through a gradual, cumulative process of attention gathering; and newly published papers become unlikely to disrupt existing work.	4
The first part of the study uses the faculty publications to identify:	1
In the negative binomial regression analysis, open-access RCTs exhibited 60% more citations, and RCTs that presented statistical significance received 46% more citations.	4
Using the extension proposed in this work for LattesDataXplorer, all authors who published at least one article in an open access-journal (370,431) were identified.	4
Figure 6: Distribution of all (411,712) records in terms of publication years in the BKCI (S and SSH combined).	0
Overall, the citation analysis study provided a great amount of information about the faculty's use of the library and provided a clear picture of the types of materials used in their research and the preferred formats.	5
Invitations were sent to those authors who had had an article(s) published in one or more of the 240 journal titles selected to be part of the PEER program.	2
Taken together, these findings highlight the importance of examining structural gender inequalities that underlie women's challenges in career progression when investigating the causes and solutions for the gender disparities in science.	5
Abbreviations: CI, confidence interval; FH, first author h-index; IQR, interquartile range; JIF, journal impact factor; nAuthArt, total number of authors on article; nAuthDiff, nAuthArt-nAuthPost; nAuthPost, total number of authors on poster; nDays, number of days from presentation to publication for days > 0 only; p, p-value from Spearman's correlation; p?, p-value from Wilcoxon rank sum test for independent samples; SH, senior author h- index; *, significant for p-value <0.05; **, significant for p-value <0.01.	0
This paper only focused on the 1913 records with the document type of articles, reviews, conference papers, and short surveys.	2
The funnel plot is a graphic display for visualizing the uncertainty in the performance assessment of units as a function of their volume or size.	3
As the findings show, only 6% of the HCR are female (n = 10).	4
we find no evidence that the proportion of women in a submission for panel assessment affected the score received by the submitting institution.	4
As different journal lists reflect national concerns, list-building proceeds using criteria of specific Chinese relevance.	5
In the Social Sciences, however, Microsoft Academic has a clear advantage over both Scopus and Web of Science, providing 1.5 to 2 times as many citations for our sample.	4
1 These proposals use the relationships to contruct a graph and then they apply algorithms for graphs, such as clustering or page rank.	0
Therefore, this analysis showed that in the field of PHE, the researchers take Chemistry, Material, and Physical Science as the core subjects and gradually extend to other fields.	5
1076 JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—August 2005	0
The study analyzed downloads and views using standard bibliometric methods with SPSS software (version 22.0, IBM, NYC, USA).	3
For our second dependent variable, the quality of the research, we employ a negative binomial regression, as the data are not only highly skewed (as only a small proportion of publications are highly cited) but also overdispersed (as confirmed through a test of the overdispersion parameter alpha, which is significant for all three departments).	3
It found fewer citations than Mendeley readers overall (59%), and only 7% as many for the current year.	4
Scholarly and conservation activities should be judged on the quality of their contributions, which will require the input of experts and direct contact with impacted communities.	5
The authors conducted a bibliometric analysis of 82,121 computer science publications indexed in the Web of Science database and investigated publication, citation, and collaboration patterns of the individual countries.	3
Index 2 is calculated as the frequency of specific authors (first, second, relative middle, and last authors) checked in the category divided by the frequency of the category in a data set.	3
Second, do elite effects, should they exist, improve for entrepreneurship journals over the prior decade?	1
The standardized beta coefficients that are not shown in Table 7 are available upon request.	0
Statistical comparisons were made using x2-test statistics, with statistical significance defined as a two-tailed p < 0.05.	3
Consistency in rankings across the metrics suggests that as a whole, faculty members within the developmental stream at a university share similar levels of research activity.	5
The impact of research is driven by its value, which could be distinguished by both the general public and the academic community.	5
This paper examines the influence of OA on the research and citation impact of health and medical journals in Africa.	1
The United States ranked first, with a total of 123 (9.77%) publications.	4
Le Wang is an Assistant Professor of Economics and Finance at Xi'an Jiaotong University, China.	0
Since October 2007, more than 1,700 pilot and supplemental awards for hypothesis-driven research have been granted to clinical and translational investigators.	2
The third and last group is set by looking for journals in the second group that are not included in SJR and JCR.	2
In this paper we found, at aggregate level, that the indicators of scientific performance of most academic fields of SSH and LHS follow a Log-Normal distribution, although they differ for their kind of products (articles vs articles and chapters; citations vs articles in A-rated journals), productivity rate and number of silent scholars.	5
Another method to show performance differences between universities are confidence intervals (Bornmann, Mutz, & Daniel, 2013).	0
This query system has been run on four databases that were chosen either according to their coverage of worldwide scientific production (WOS, SCOPUS) or their specialization in environmental sciences and engineering (Green File, INSPEC).	2
Funding-constrained academics in the global South now face the additional requirements of establishing and maintaining an online presence and ensuring that their work is discoverable by search engines.	5
The recent research hotspots of Chinese scholars in the field of SVM include fault diagnosis, extreme learning machine, least squares support vector machine and hyperspectral imaging.	5
Issues covered include: use of and intentions regarding OAP, and perceptions regarding advantages and disadvantages of OAP, journal article publication services, peer review, and re-use.	1
All these stages, by and large, have become unavoidable for the correct operation of the global scientific circuit.	0
This paper investigates the social space of physics research institutions.	1
There is consensus on the need to assess the quality of higher education institutions, since the society needs more transparency on how institutions perform and users demand clear information for an informed choice on where to invest their time and resources.	5
Second, Spearman's non-parametric correlations were calculated for each journal between the order in which it appeared in the list and the mean score.	3
What can be concluded from the time changes in the individual indicators?	0
Notably, medicine is a discipline that appears in both of the two most recent periods (2002–2007 and 2008–2012) as a motor theme related to satisfaction and success in an academic medical career.	4
Ravid is professor of medicine and biochemistry and founding director, Evans Center for Interdisciplinary Biomedical Research, Boston University School of Medicine, Boston, Massachusetts.	0
The distribution of levels of citation impact by gender was investigated by ranking all the articles by their normalized log citation score (NLCS) and then calculating the percentage of female first-authored articles with an NLCS value at least as large as every NLCS value in the set.	3
We assessed the social activity on each OnSMP using the Altmetric database (altmetric.com) and the Digital Online Identifier (DOI) of each paper.	3
Once the co-authorship network was constructed, the author investigated the entire network quantitatively using standard research methods known as social network analysis.	3
To this end, first, core documents are collected from scientific documents such as patents and academic papers.	3
In all models we included journal dummies and time controls (number of quarters since publication and its square).	0
We found plagiarism (any level) in 63% of articles, comprising some plagiarism in 27%, moderate plagiarism in 19% and extensive plagiarism in 17% of articles (table 5).	4
Both academic and social impacts of HIPs could be contributing to outcomes in a bidirectional manner.	5
We confirm that honor codes-despite frequent use in massive open online courses (MOOCs)-lead to only a small and insignificant reduction in online cheating behaviors.	4
The findings show the relative and absolute subject coverages of 56 databases—information that has often not been available before.	4
Publisher’s Note: MDPI stays neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.	0
We hypothesized that the majority of funding would come from a select number of NIH institutes and mechanisms.	1
The United States and Australia have made significant contributions in this area.	4
This caveat notwithstanding, the prevalence of the most productive countries in our dataset of retractions is worth noting.	5
It should be noted that, as a result of the selection criteria, impact factors vary considerably both within and between journal categories.	0
We evaluate the predictive power of the obtained BN using k-fold cross-validation.	3
One top academic journal on journalism research (but a communication journal was selected when there was none) in each BRICS nation was selected (see Table 1).	2
In the future, CORES will be enriched to provide more knowledge to improve the process of comprehensive research paper similarity computation.	5
In response, this study assesses the prevalence and citation impact of academic research between 1996 and 2019 that reports one of four common methods to gather qualitative data: interviews, focus groups, case studies, and ethnography.	1
To investigate the similarities of these bibliometrics, we use the distance matrix shown in Figure 2 to perform a hierarchical cluster analysis.	3
and (2) Can philosophy of science (and notably formal philosophy of science) provide a basis for the interpretation of bibliometrical results?	1
A 2022 Times Higher Education survey found similar results with perceived journal quality for published research as the major determinant of academic standing; only a quarter of respondents, though, supported citation metrics, understanding that they can be gamed.	2
The greatest number of articles was published in 2013 (25 articles), when a special issue on L&SCM education was published on Supply Chain Management: An International Journal.	4
In this section, logistic regression models were employed to examine the impact of interdisciplinarity on the likelihood of scientific research being cited as prior art for patented technology.	3
In addition, this study uses Spearman and Sign Test to find the correlation between altmetrics and citation counts for the articles that receive altmetric mention(s) to test the validity of altmetrics as indicators of research impact.	3
Here I explore two of these categories in more detail, and discuss other forms of authorship.	1
973 and 863 Programmes are uniformly integrated into National Key R&D Programme of China in 2016.	0
Co-authorship network visualization of authors, organizations, and countries, co-occurrence network visualization of all keywords were done by the VOSviewer software tool.	3
In a second step, we analyse publication data based on Scopus for a 12-year period, i.e.	2
The data was examined with the Partial Least Squares (PLS) acting as the suitable modeling technique for non-normal data analysis using structural equation modeling (SEM) and confirmatory factor analysis (CFA).	3
The growth is defined as the slope of the popularity, i.e., Growth(k, t) = Pk,t - Pk,t?1.	3
After decades of stagnation, scientometrics in Russia is emerging as a distinct field.	5
Acknowledgments This work is supported in part by the “Aim for the Top University Project" of National Taiwan Normal University (NTNU) sponsored by the Ministry of Education, Taiwan, ROC.	0
A total of 98 students were enrolled in the course.	2
The weight of scientometric parameters ranges between 20% (QS) and 75% (USNews).	4
Conclusion: Our results showed a stronger relationship and increased agreement between raters when calculating the h-index of a scientist using Scopus compared to WoS.	5
News (Table 1) and summed to calculate an overall score.	3
From March 2015 to May 2016, each paper was searched monthly in Mendeley using Webometric Analyst software (Thelwall, 2009) using a query containing the title of the article, the first author’s last name, the year of publication and the Digital Object Identifier (DOI).	3
Rather our purpose here is to argue that claims about 'the gender gap' are sensitive to how productivity is conceptualized and measured.	5
Thus, Microsoft Academic may be a useful source for the impact assessment of books when comprehensive coverage is not essential.	5
Our analysis of the distribution of research subjects among countries suggests that diversity of science has similar statistical characteristics as biodiversity.	4
Therefore, the primary objective of this study was to explore the problems and barriers related to initiating and conducting research by staff anesthesiologists.	1
It was found that the RPC of senior scientists was generally higher than that of younger scientists.	5
The study also revealed that when considering where to publish, reputation of journal and impact factor of journal were rated as very important among the factors that inform their choice of OA.	4
This article made a deep investigation into the two aspects of main path analysis on cyclic citation networks.	5
In our paper we have detected essential, even arithmetical, inequality between quartiles.	5
China is the most productive country, followed by Spain, the USA, Taiwan, and Italy, whereas the most influential country based on the total number of citations is the USA, followed by China and Taiwan, which received more than 2000 citations, respectively.	4
Technological production does not keep up pace with the rhythm of scientific development, with no communication between the fields, albeit with converging factors (patent country/publication country; IPC and publication field).	5
To gain deeper insights into these issues, we analyze more than 6000 responses from a survey of corresponding authors on papers published in two journals that require contribution disclosures: PLOS ONE and PNAS.	2
The purpose of this article is to conduct a scientometric analysis to study the structure and evolution of research activities in the field of smart agriculture.	1
Second, for all “recent” DSM versions, one version receives increasing citations after its publication until the next DSM version is published or a replacement effect between consecutive versions.	4
The classification models demonstrated high precision, recall, and F1 scores across all modes for the 'rocket' class, with F1 scores ranging from 0.4641 to 0.4692.	4
The network structure is explored at various scales, from macro-analysis (Fienberg et al., 1985) to microanalysis (Fig.	3
The overall finding is that knowledge management measurably increased scientific collaboration at the University from 2003 to 2014.	5
Mikael Laakso, Department of Management and Organisation, Hanken School of Economics, 00100 Helsinki, Finland.	0
Does the overall normalized citation rate of papers shared on Twitter exceed those of non-tweeted papers published in the same journal in the same year?	1
1 As example for publications in the field of internet archaeology: http://intarch.ac.uk/.	0
This paper aimed to present the profile of the researchers, the pattern of scientific collaboration and the knowledge organization in the area of information science in Brazil.	1
The chi-square test was used to compare categorical data between groups.	3
Given the highly correlated nature of the various explanatory variables considered, the final analysis on the datasets consisted of the following model, Highly Cited = Intercept + Journal Impact Factor + Popularity Parameter.	3
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 53(9):764–774, 2002	0
Confronting the global crisis of COVID-19, the library and information science field also made efforts and challenges to resolve the slow peer-review, delayed publishing, and high paywalls, which have been recognized as a "chronic diseases" of the academic publishing ecosystem.	5
The dataset was obtained from the Y?K academic search website using "web scraping" techniques implemented by the authors.	2
Social network analysis (SNA) was performed using Pajek software to partition clusters according to 2 criteria on the respective centrality degree:	3
It also identifies a series of relatively straightforward steps that can be taken by presses to maximize the richness of the data captured.	5
The dataset comprising of as many as 84,11,947 videos and 28,92,699 channels.	2
We see this Modified Impact Factor (MIF) as a meaningful metric.	3
The most pronounced increase trend over the five-year period is noted for Genetics and breeding, Vegetation ecology, Fuels and energy, while the most pronounced decrease trend is visible in Forest health, Forest fire, Sociological aspects and Forest products.	4
Moreover, the most productive journal was a library and information science journal focusing on health informatics.	4
This is surprising because one would expect a better distinction in view of the larger values of the g-index and their larger variance.	0
Received 20 June 2005; received in revised form 11 January 2006; accepted 13 January 2006	0
The present study examined rates of scholarly productivity amongst academic psychologists in the United States, including annual peer-reviewed publication rate, normative rates per year of conference presentations and book chapters as well as the average amount of annual grant monies.	1
I use Bourdieu's insights in explaining the reproduction of publishing inequality and mobility through cultural capital and habitus modification.	3
The results of testing the research hypotheses indicated that as the value of centrality of countries rise, the citation performance of researchers in that country is also improved.	4
OA journals covered by Scopus are indicated as OA if the journal is listed in the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) and/or the Directory of Open Access Scholarly Resources (ROAD).	2
This framework was replaced by the Research Excellence Framework in 2014.	0
The use of quality measures was the most notable point of divergence from the national publication indicator.	4
(2008) provided a detailed analysis of how academics spend their time.	2
Bibliometrics analysis provides useful information to scientists and funding agencies involved in the development and implementation of research strategies to address global health issues.	5
Hence, we start with the set of four Visegrad countries (the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, and Slovakia).	2
The bibliometric analysis of the cybernetics information sources' production showed the large and increasing interest in cybernetics research.	5
This suggests that policies to increase the research output and impact of a university are likely to result in a more central position in the network.	5
Instead of considering which author order is optimal, we show that asymmetry in such norms across countries leads to international misallocation of economists and poses a loss to the profession.	5
What the challenges faced by many scholars in the global South demonstrate is that 'openness', or inclusion in this format, is not yet the guarantee for equality that many had hoped.	1
2, there is very little difference between the median ratios for countries ranked as very high, high, and medium countries according to the HDI, with high countries coming closest to gender parity.	4
The Elsevier Scopus database was selected as a tool to extract the prospective publications data limiting the time frame for 2010–2021.	2
a society or other partner) holds exclusive rights to this article under a publishing agreement with the author(s) or other rightsholder(s); author self-archiving of the accepted manuscript version of this article is solely governed by the terms of such publishing agreement and applicable law.	0
Using panel data from 2009 to 2021, the study employs the newly developed dynamic common correlated effects (DCCE) approach by Chudik and Pesaran (2015a).	2
Additionally, the relationships between these factors were found to be mediated by online engagement, which serves as a critical link between student characteristics and desirable learning outcomes.	4
The funding model we propose may seem a potentially disruptive innovation.	5
In conclusion, the citations that are related to different versions of an article should be counted together provided they can be proven to be one research effort in nature.	5
Study objective: We assess the productivity, outcomes, and experiences of participants in the National Institutes of Health/ National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute-funded K12 institutional research training programs in emergency care research.	1
Sectoral mobility: using the higher education sector as the reference point, we use the model to explore movement across sectors, e.g., government or industry.	3
Using the Excel pivot table function, journal titles and material formats were counted and sorted by the most to the least frequently cited, and Bradford’s Law of Scattering was applied.	3
We will also recall a set of bibliometric indices which are frequently used to summarise citation sequences into just one number.	0
We use variation in video posting time to identify video-specific sales lift and show that the PE score significantly and robustly predicts sales lift.	4
topic modeling, burst analysis), and network analysis (including multi-mode, multi-level, and longitudinal networks).	3
To understand the high ratio of desk rejections in the most coveted journals—often around 50 percent (editorial team #67)—one must appreciate that reviews are rarely one-off activities.	4
Hence, the final sample contains 4548 articles; 3157 Economics articles, 1391 Political Science articles.	2
The author is most grateful to Steve Lawrence, co-developer of ResearchIndex, for preparing and providing the screen images used in this review.	0
Hence our sample for most of the analysis focuses on the GPA scores for the output indicator for the remaining 89 institutions that constitute our aggregate-level sample.	2
The small but significant share of authors performing only outer layer tasks suggests a disconnect in author attribution between traditional author guidelines and scientific practice.	5
The objective of the research presented in this paper is the review of the Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) aspect of the universities performance.	1
As a parameter to determine relative publication productivity profile, the RPA in analogy with Balassa's (1965) formula for the RPA has the following definition: RPAk,i = 100 × tanhln (Pk,i/2iPk,i)/(ΣkPk,i/2k, iPk,i)	3
The proposed F&O and UF&O schemas can serve as references for citation databases, as they present improved properties and applicability (Table 9).	5
How do library holdings compare with other metrics when considering book format?	1
Although it should be tempered by, and combined with, the disinterested judgements of experienced experts, a Bayesian approach has been suggested here in which, to evaluate a published article (i) emphasis should initially be attached to the quality of the publishing journal; (ii) as time passes, the weight given instead to the actual article's citations should become dominant, and the weight on the quality of the journal should dwindle towards zero.	5
This paper considers a model of science where scientists must decide whether or not to make a contribution to knowledge that can be accessed by other contributing scientists.	1
In a simple generalized linear model analysis of our full dataset, we found that publishing open access in hybrid journals that offer the option confers an average citation advantage to authors of 17.8 citations compared to closed access articles in similar journals.	4
Men (but not women) in the open review condition reported greater likelihood of seeking clarification about potential QRPs than men in the blind review condition.	4
Importantly, we found that academic scientists and engineers conceptualized graduate education as inseparable from the work of doing science, including the work of collaboration.	5
For both OA study sets and for both citation windows, OA journals tend to show on average a higher growth rate in their citation impact than the journals have in each control group.	4
In relation to researchers' perceptions on the effects of research integrity enablers, our results identified research mentoring relationships and normative peer pressure as important integrity conduits.	4
Does Cluster Hiring Enhance Faculty Research Output, Collaborations, and Impact?	1
In addition, we are grateful to two anonymous reviewers for their thoughtful comments and suggestions.	0
Of those 84, over 25% received grant support from the NIH, and those further in their careers published more scholarly manuscripts.	4
The scientists are abbreviated P1-P14 and F1-F5 as ranked from the highest (1) to the lowest (14) productivity within certain country.	0
It can be seen that in comparison to engineering, the implementation of the tenure track in science has a weaker effect in increasing the overall number of articles published (Coef.5.1 = -.266, p < .001), but a larger effect in reducing high-quality academic publications (Coef.5.2= -.367, p < .001; Coef.5.3 = -.277, p < .05).	4
They are followed by Australia (10.3%), People's Republic of China (7.7%), Canada (5.4%) and Taiwan (4.7%).	4
How long does it take to publish a biomedical research paper?	1
The times published reflects the times faculty published an item within the all publications outcome and is not restricted to original articles only.	0
To systematically identify and categorize atypical articles, we divide them into four quadrants based on B and p (Figure 3A,B).	3
The dependent variables refer to publication productivity (articles published in international peer-reviewed journals in English divided by the number of years at the current university) and to an R&D information exchange score.	3
A P value <0.05 (with Bonferroni correction) was considered statistically significant.	0
Departmental and disciplinary differences in the ratios of within- to outside-department collaboration and overall network cohesion are also observed.	4
The main data set was submission data (authors, editors, reviewers, reviewer recommendations, journals, dates and outcomes for each revision) regarding all 717 108 articles submitted to RSC journals from January 2014 until July 2018.	2
We found a total of 3945 records from China.	2
Judging from the subjects, the most relevant disciplines for SSME subject category provided by Business Economics, Information science and library science, and Computer Science, which was consistent with some studies for service innovation (Zhu and Guan (2013)).	5
Disaster medicine is defined as the study of the association between disasters (natural or man-made) and human health.	1
In REF2014, science and engineering shift profile to peak across two penultimate years and dip in the final census year while social sciences and humanities/arts retain the skew of earlier cycles.	4
Thus even if numerically there is a high correlation between journal impact factor and actual citation rate, it does not mean that decision rules based on IF are effective in separating highly cited work from poorly cited work.	5
The UNISIST model and its derivatives can be conceived as a map of the structures and practices that connect the producers of knowledge with the users of knowledge.	3
The findings of this research can be effective in supporting humanities evaluation methods and the types and weight of scientific outputs in the fields of language and literature can be a strong point in this direction.	5
The mean lifetime h-index/surgeon for programs was 14.4 +/?	4
The current issue and full text archive of this journal is available at www.emeraldinsight.com/1468-4527.htm.	0
Second, there is no correlation between the number of versions of an article and the number of times an article has been cited.	4
We also thank Rebecca Harwell and Kathryn Perkins for the technical editing of this manuscript.	0
We obtained the NBMR model explaining the citation frequencies of articles with a relatively long citing window (6 or 11 years after publication) for each of the six fields.	5
Overall, an increased focus on peer review panelists' skills and their development is not only warranted but serves to ensure that peer review of research submitted for funding is not only fundamental to science, but sustainable as well.	5
Reference Publication Year Spectroscopy (RPYS) is a method to reveal the historical roots and landmark papers of a research field based on cited references data.	1
We also thank the two anonymous reviewers of Design Studies for their suggestions to improve this paper.	0
To identify migrant scientists, a new matrix is being formed, reflecting information on how many works the authors have published with external organizations over the years.	3
The danger of a composite index (and hence media rankings) is that it is typically not based on any justifiable model of university performance (Locke et al.	5
Accordingly, we constructed a patent family knowledge diffusion burst detection model by patent family’s citation and assignment indexes, which are based on the burst of the Sleeping Beauty literature during technical knowledge diffusion.	3
We find that in all three journals the articles from Bioscience, Astronomy, and Geosciences are over-represented, with other areas being under-represented, some of them severely.	4
The remaining sections of this paper are structured as follows: in “Related works” section, we study the literature and overview the related works.	0
2000): the first application of DEA to the data produces a set of perfectly performing universities which are removed to form the top tier.	3
In order to analyze the effect of the OARE initiative, we use a DDD method for comparing the change in research output and input for research fields in the treatment group (i.e.	3
For all the sets of researchers in the paper (IIT, INFN, researchers in SSDs), we considered only the documents published in the period 2010–2018, as indexed in Scopus.	2
The supplemental material of this work contains screenshots of each section on the website, together with an explanation for each one.	0
This, in turn, allows us to identify surprising combinations—those least likely according to our model— when they arise and forecast their impact (see “Methods” for details).	0
* Differences between mean of various group is statistically significant at the p < 0.1 level	0
While growing numbers of publishers are writing editorials and formulating guidelines on TR, little is known about how editors view the practice or how they respond to it.	1
Three journals drew heavily on political science (Journal of Public Policy: 38 percent; Policy Studies Journal: 35 percent; and Journal of European Public Policy: 46 percent), although not as heavily as PC and JPAM linked to economics.	4
Figure 2 depicts how we prepared the input files for a clearer understanding.	0
(1) Researchers have more influence on the impact of research works than institutes	4
It is conducive to scientific research management and provides a reference for enriching and perfecting the evaluation theory and indicators system of academic journals.	1
We realize that faculty might choose to take on advisees for reasons other than their potential research ability.	0
Once we had considered the theory and planning of the questionnaire, we constructed it on the web using the Google Drive platform and related cloud storage service.	3
The evidence provided in this article shows that the research productivity of the Chinese and US LIS schools in our sample have increased over the years, at least in terms of published WoS papers.	5
Globally, Italy dominates the list with nearly twice the number of papers than the USA, which is in second place.	4
Data were collected from manuscripts published in ten-year intervals from 1986 to 2016.	2
The research productivity for the top 10 countries was evaluated in relation to the population size and gross domestic product (GDP) in 2013.	2
Admittedly, Italy has a definite tendency to publish a great deal, not all of it based on originality.	0
Most of the papers (62.69%) were created in direct collaboration between the US and one of the European countries.	4
The South Asian region, comprising of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Pakistan and Sri Lanka, habitats a significant part of the world population, and is emerging as a major knowledge producer.	1
PubMed was used to determine the following values for each EiC: number of commentaries published, number of commentaries for which the EiC was the first author, total number of publications, and total number of publications for which the EiC was the first author.	2
All papers in different document types were collected from this subject category for the period of 1992–2011, resulting in a total of 166,191 research articles total.	2
The following section of this paper presents a review of the literature on bibliometric analysis and an overview of bibliometric research in BE.	0
The Scientific Quality Index (SQI) has been defined, according to the following formula: [the percent of papers cited ≥10 times versus all the published papers, including those with no citation] + [the mean number of citations per paper, regarding all the published papers, including those with no citation].	3
The programs under study include three Swedish funding programs as well as one European (Table 2).	2
In summary, the CKNs obtained by HCA and MDSA have high cohesion and low coupling; therefore, the CLIS_KS has strong credibility and rationality.	4
First, we wanted faculty who had not yet registered with ORCID to register for an iD.	1
In other words, multi-authored intra-regionally MIS research articles have, on average, the greatest impact irrespective of the size of the journal.	5
In total, 495 research project applications were made, with 150 grants being awarded.	2
There were 1250 general medicine original research articles that were analyzed.	2
Data from six global and two national ranking systems were collected in October and November 2014 (see Table 1).	2
Mixed publications garner more citations than internal and external publications, with a median of 13 citations for mixed publications compared to a median of 10 for internal and 9 for external publications.	4
The annual contribution modified h-index (ac-index) modifies the traditional h-index and incorporates variables such as the number of papers published annually, their total SJR score, the total number of authors per paper and the number of citations per year: ac?	3
The identification of and information about the groups that developed studies related to LCA were obtained from a survey of the Brazilian Directory of Research Groups (DRG).	2
This paper used bibliometrics to examine patterns of publication output in library and information science (LIS) research in Nigerian universities from 2000 to 2014 in terms of the trend in publication output in LIS research, the most visible (productive) universities and authors, the most cited universities and authors, and publication sources.	1
(2) What is the potential of altmetrics as indicators of research impact in social sciences?	1
In the context of the World Workshop on Oral Medicine VIII (WWOM VIII), we conducted a cross-sectional survey of OM practitioners worldwide.	2
In terms of engagement by country, the United States (US) is prominent, with 15.8% of accounts and 13.7% of papers, while Brazil has 11.4% and 13.4%, and the UK is represented by 8.8% of profiles and 8.4% of papers.	4
We employ a simple negative binomial regression model on each of the three dependent variables, as the dependent variables not only consist of highly skewed count data, but data which is also overdispersed (as confirmed with a test of the overdispersion parameter alpha, which is significant for all three departments).	3
This article examines whether two of the major German flagship programmes to increase the participation of female researchers in the German science system, the "Women Professorship Programme" and the 'Pact for Research and Innovation', have actually increased the number of women, especially in leadership positions.	1
With these values, one can apply the Black-Scholes Equation to determine the economically appropriate amount to spend on research (Table 1, Row 10 Call Price).	3
For example, our data set contains 1339 references published in 1980.	4
This is a cross-sectional study conducted from January 2021 to July 2021.	2
This study is limited by the population sampled and may not be applicable to all academic institutions.	5
Using the h-index of the authors of this paper derived from these four sources, it is abundantly clear that scores vary widely and that it is unclear which of these sources is a reliable or accurate source of information, for any purpose.	2
TABLE 1 Demographic features of the sample (the top value is highlighted in bold, with the percentage in the sample (8,554) and the corresponding number of respondents provided in brackets).	0
An empirical study of faculty members in China	1
The funders had no role or influence in the design or conduct of the study.	0
Job experience in Australian and foreign universities also boosts total collaboration, while holding an international citizenship increases interdisciplinary collaboration.	4
A secondary purpose is to determine what differences or similarities such an appraisal will detect within the population of departments.	1
The Contextual-based features count the total citations in various document sections.	3
See discussions, stats, and author profiles for this publication at: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/361938577	0
The findings indicate that the development of the networks of collaboration is a favorable strategy to reach competitive advantages by means of development of social capital of academic institutions.	5
In order to find content-similar subsets of documents in time interval t, standard practice, well-known from the cluster analysis literature, is as follows: compute the | D1| × |D1| matrix of document-document dissimilarities dis1 (i, j) = 1 cos(vdi, vdi), di, dj ∈ D1, apply hierarchical clustering to the documents of D to determine a family of clusterings hierarchically ordered according to the number of clusters, use the elbow-criterion to achieve a reasonable estimate for the 'right' number of clusters, and select the corresponding clustering K2 = {C?, ..., C, ..., CK}, where the subset of documents C C D1 describes cluster k in time interval t.	3
The reference model, which is the combination of a network embedding size of 100, the most basic translation-based method, and a gradient boosting method achieved an F1 score of 0.9 and even higher scores are obtainable with different embedding sizes and more advanced embedding methods.	4
The crosstab query showed that more than two-thirds of the activities and products mentioned in interviews already existed as categories in the taxonomy.	4
First of all, as already pointed out by Ausloos in (2013), the simple hyperbolic law holds best for large data sets, with homogeneous distributions of NoJP and TNoCA.	5
We chose three different time periods to perform our experiments, such as, 1970–1975, 1990-1995 and 2008–2013.	2
In the course of this study it has become apparent that PLOS ONE is not a traditional journal.	5
A three-level (macro, meso, and micro) analytical framework is proposed.	3
Since APS dataset does not provide abstract field, we associate APS articles with article information retrieved from the Web of Science based on DOI, and calculate abRE, abLen, as well as JIFRank with the help of JCR data.	2
3 Publication trends for number of total articles and single author articles	0
The keyword analysis shows that Graphene and Optical properties are the most recurring keywords.	5
The f2-index is based on the Ghent-rating that provides a classification of the publications of a researcher or group of researchers in the function of their position in the citation distribution of all publications in the dataset (Fassin, 2018).	3
The first topic is the analysis of WoS subject categories, performed by various authors to tackle different research questions.	0
We used multivariate logistic regression models to adjust for confounders using the variables found to be significant in the univariate analysis.	3
The only two markers to demonstrate a positive correlation when compared to the IF were the AI score and SNIP which would suggest that these are potential alternatives to the IF and have the added advantage that they are open access.	5
The details of the set creation are illustrated in the Table.	0
Do early reader counts correlate more strongly than early citation counts with later citation counts in all fields?	1
The research findings highlight how these models can effectively identify patterns and trends in datasets using keywords.	5
The study of growth rate in type 1 medical uni- versities indicated that the highest growth rate is seen in medical universities of Kerman, Shahid Beheshti, and Tehran, while, medical universities of Ahvaz and Isfahan faced with negative growth.	4
As seen by our results, Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai scientists do not necessarily publish in and use the same journals at the same rate.	5
Due to the violation of publications standards and impact factor manipulations, 65 journals were dropped from 2012 JCR, as compared to 9 title suppressions in 2007.	0
The initial search for publications was performed as described (Vitzthum et al., 2010), and the search algorithm was further optimized as indicated in detail in the text.	3
1 shows Co-authorship network of Iranian researchers in SSCI during 1991 to 2013.	4
We especially comment on a novel approach, the citing side normalization, complementing the traditional ex post normalization and iterative influence measures, which may also carry a citing side process.	1
The outcome of the Interpretive Structural Modeling process indicates that the factor of Scientific Infrastructure is the primary basis of the model, since this factor affects all of the other groups.	4
At the same time, the use of such proxies risk narrowing the diversity of intellectual goals and approaches at play in departments, hereby producing career obstacles for (women) researchers diverging from prevailing approaches and topics.	5
To what extent, if at all, do universities' structural commitments to IDR actually bolster research, and interdisciplinary research in particular?	1
2011; Bornmann 2013; Buxton and Hanney 1996; Guthrie et al.	5
Among other basic structural characteristics, our study focused on those listed bellow.	0
The fulltext of this document has been downloaded 6 times since 2018*	0
The high-citation tail of citation distribution was revealed as an excellent source of information about the production of new knowledge by countries and research institutions.	5
Second, social sciences collaboration is positively influenced by the number of prior Australian and foreign university jobs, the holding of an international citizenship and a personal orientation toward applied research.	5
We have chosen a fractional counting scheme for the further analyses because we find it more appropriate for the measurement of productivity.	3
Initially we also define this variable through participation in absolute terms.	0
Taylor & Francis makes every effort to ensure the accuracy of all the information (the “Content") contained in the publications on our platform.	0
The proposed index would be the research output (indicated by existing index e.g., number of manuscripts published, number of citations received) per ten thousand dollars of the grant.	5
2013) developed toolkits for visualizing interactive global journal maps by focusing on the positions of journals in the multidimensional space spanned by the aggregated journal-journal citations.	3
We in fact argue that the singular use of JIF quartiles is a second order ecological fallacy.	5
The corpus consisted of altmetric data captured by Altmetric.com from July 2011 to June 2016.	2
Science studies researchers can use TF as an advanced link-based indicator capable of measuring the online impact of publications, overcoming well-known limitations of raw link counts [35].	5
However, the overemphasis on advanced practice in the scope of practice literature coupled with the increased interest in task shifting to support-personnel as governments pursue the goal of universal health coverage may leave nursing inadequately prepared to inform any evidence-based policy change.	5
Both the co-occurrence matrix and the cosine-normalized matrix were further processed in Pajek2 and VOSViewer3 for the network analysis and visualization, respectively.	3
Based on fsQCA, this study explores the complex combinations that contribute to the high research performance of researchers after academic mobility.	5
We assumed that scientists were sensitive to acceptance or rejection of their manuscripts and the fairness of peer review to which they were exposed before reviewing.	3
Here, we investigate the statistics and mechanisms of collaborations of individual scientists along their careers, revealing that, in general, collaborators are involved in significantly fewer topics than expected from a controlled surrogate.	1
The aim of this project was to provide an up-to-date summary of normative data as well as providing normative data for recently available metrics of impact and quality such as FWCI, and outputs published in top-ranked journals for Australian psychology academics as well as including norms broken down by career stage.	1
(2003) journal quality weights, which is referred to as the KM-index.	3
Analyses of the structure of co-authorship are commonly based on various hypotheses: First, the division of labor hypothesis, which states that specialization occurs in line with the growth of a market, an argument dating back to Adam Smith.	3
The author(s) declared that there were no conflicts of interest with respect to the authorship or the publication of this article.	0
To examine this point, panels in Cell and Nature were scored as to whether they contain distinct pieces of data or were derived from the same experiment (see SI Methods and Fig.	3
An online survey targeting 450 members of the academic research community yielded a 15.5% response rate.	2
The present study's results of red zone publications show that the PESS faculty members at all levels of teaching cadres publish papers in journals that are hijacked or predatory.	5
Much of the recent library literature related to scholarly communication and predatory publishers has focused on faculty concerns regarding publishing in questionable journals for tenure or promotion purposes.	1
The databases selected are SCI-EXPANDED (1970-present), SSCI (1970-present), A & HCI (1975-present), CPCI-S (1990-present), CPCI-SSH, (1990-present), BKCI-S (2008-present), BKCI-SSH (2008-present) and ESCI (2015-present) provided by the University of Southampton.	2
Qualitative semi-structured interviews were conducted with 23 researchers from 16 Chinese scholarly institutions to identify which RIM systems they used, how and why they used those systems, and their levels of participation.	2
Research question 3 Is author productivity distribution consistent with Lotka's law in SSME field?	1
K-means cluster algorithm is applied to cluster the keyword.	3
Indeed, there is a positive relation between the total compensation of academic physicians and academic productivity, ultimately encouraging the continued development of medical research.	5
As the above Table shows, IS Use has ranked the highest in terms of frequency of the corresponding keywords during the past two decades.	4
The bibliographic data downloaded for all articles included the authors, title, journal name, year, volume, issue, pages, abstract, and identifiers - Digital Object Identifier (DOI), PubMed Identification Number (PMID), and PEDro identification number.	0
Registers have been analyzed separately via the VOSviewer software, drawing a network of links among countries and organizations to identify the starred countries and organizations, and the strongest links of the net.	3
A key finding of our study is that the article level correlation (0.67) is clearly higher than the journal level one (0.40).	5
In terms of citation metrics, the BRICS countries lag behind the US and EU-28 (see Fig.	4
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY—December 2011	0
XLSTAT software was used to extract features from author-made keywords and medical subject headings (e.g., MeSH terms in PubMed).	3
To this effect, we create two pair-specific variables: average productivity and the absolute difference in productivity	0
The research B, H-index growth from h = 3 to h = 13 within two years.	4
This paper is based on an empirical study of 204 academics and scientists working in the higher education institutions and research institutes in South Africa.	1
One of the authors attended weekly meetings of the research team for more than a year, and the other visited six meetings on campus.	2
title length and average sentence length) in specific PLoS journal and platform (PLoS platform or PubMed Central platform) played certain role in article views and downloads.	4
Faculty research productivity was low and dominated by infectious diseases and non-communicable disease research.	5
The severity of the correction was divided into three levels: trivial, minor, and major (Farrah and Rabb, 2019; Hauptman et al., 2014).	3
We suggest that the under-representation of women in science and engineering faculty positions may perpetuate itself through the lower availability of same-gender advisors for female students.	5
The method chosen to do so is analysis of the relative volume of each community's authorship and of their collaboration in co-authored works in two settings that have traditionally been a meeting point for practitioners and academics in Spanish LIS: the Jornadas Espa?olas de Documentación (JED) [Spanish Conferences on Documentation] and the journal El profesional de la información (EPI).	3
The aggregate individual score (index j) Sj = Σq = 1,25ωjq varies from 0 to 100 and we use this metric to compare responses across fields, geography, experience, and work place.	3
The suggested entry points are assessment for recruitment, field-type internal evaluations, public debates on the humanities, book reviews, the academic seminar, PhD supervision, academic memoirs, obituaries and the Festschrift.	4
1 Example of the geometric interpretation of the h and χ indices	0
This outcome is consistent with King's conclusions from an earlier bibliometric analysis covering the time period 1993–2001 [KING, 2004].	0
These queries were conducted on the same literature source (Scopus) and covered a broad time period (1996–2011).	2
There has been widespread acceptance of the concept of ECA in the policies of the top cited imaging journals particularly for first authors (80%).	5
The formula by Hazen (1914) ((i – 0.5)/n * 100) is frequently used for the calculation of percentiles, whereby n is the number of papers in the set and i is the rank position of the papers in the set (concerning their citations).	3
The gender ratio of editors for Functional Ecology was majority male, but the proportion of female editors increased over time.	4
Based on keyword co-occurrence, a keyword correlation matrix is built and calculated using Ochiai correlation coefficient, which is a measurement of the distance between two keywords.	3
Research productivity metrics such as academic career duration, total publications, publications between 2010 and 2014 and total citations were recorded for each faculty member.	3
Comparing the ranges of the action groups suggests noticeable differences between the latter: for like-actions from different platforms we get shares between 32.8% and 40.6% of their users who exclusively use them to express positive judgments, suggesting Likes are a comparatively reliable proxy for praise.	4
The cumulative citation data was provided for all but one volume, leaving a universe of 609 cases.	2
South Africa stood out as producing the highest number of health economic evaluations and collaborations.	4
In this paper, we aim at improving BC by tackling the first weakness noted above (i.e., two related articles may cite different references) without relying on full texts of the articles.	1
The all-discipline correlation of the articles written and locally cited is very high at R=0.7698, demonstrating a significant ability of UIUC faculty to publish in the same journals that they are citing.	5
The effect of green investments on the Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) ratings of Chinese publicly listed corporations is investigated in this research.	1
Can the threshold (e.g., top 1% and top 5%) for defining highly cited papers affect the performance of machine learning models?	1
Our analysis of Croatian OA journals showed that the majority of them did not charge authors or require submission or article processing charges.	4
TT participated in the design of the study, the collection and processing of data, and the preparation of the manuscript.	0
Keywords Garfield’s Constant · Garfield Ratio · Garfield Factor · Citation rate · Impact factor	0
The scales of the knowledge networks for the 95 river basins linearly increased in time (Figure 2A).	4
In our view, the combination of the three citation-based measures helps to maximize the cluster effect, especially when the hard combination proposed here is applied.	5
The Web of Science Core Collection database was selected, and the primary searching criterion was set as “COAL & MODELING”.	2
Data of 2015 retrieved from the Web of Science database relating to the three critical disciplines given by computer science, medicine and economics are analyzed.	2
3a, with an increase of continuity, indicated by CD, C-index, and NCY, FACI increased at first but then dramatically decreased.	4
1 The blind men and the elephant in Morris and Martens (2009, p.	0
For both studies, draw on prior research to provide a defensible and systematic way to choose a sample of journals in our field.	1
Therefore, this paper aims to highlight researchers' professional views of research misconduct, and how the university as an institution has a greater role to play in 'indirectly' encouraging researchers to engage in misconduct.	1
1 (Color online) The illustration of the dropout phenonmen in academic careers.	0
Bi-directional LSTM comprehensively beat the rule-based and SVM methods, with 80% precision, 82% recall and an 81% f1 score.	4
The misidentification also exists in funding agency field.	4
Here, we describe Rxivist.org, a website that indexes all preprints posted to bioRxiv.org, the largest preprint server in the life sciences, and allows users to filter and sort papers based on download metrics and Twitter activity over a variety of categories and time periods.	1
Are these differences also reflected in productivity and citations?	1
However, only 109 researchers answered the questionnaire (Table 1).	2
Do the supervision mode and characteristics of supervisor influence the position of doctoral students in their academic networks?	1
The semantic profile was applied to the corpus as part of a batch process.	3
As per the observations given in Table 5, maximum publication documents (3427) were done by NCL, Pune.	4
6 Frequency (%) of the topmost common terms in the article titles and keywords, in five different periods (more recent work on the left of the graph)	0
Against this background, this study draws from the “accounts theory”—a theoretical framework used in criminology and sociology to explain how individuals justify their deviant or criminal behaviors to examine the role of “accounts”—the linguistic device to neutralize guilt—within the context of a niche market (Brent & Atkisson, 2011; Scott & Lyman, 1968).	1
Subgroup analysis of studies in the top 10 arthroplasty journals showed OA was not an independent predictor of AAS (13.51 versus 9.53, P = .084) or number of citations (19.51 versus 18.74, P = .495) but was an independent predictor of Mendeley readership (49.05 versus 40.25, P < .003).	4
We have shown that the forefront of bioethics, perhaps as well as the general field, is becoming more collaborative, more internationalised, more diversified and decentralised.	5
The analyses presented in this paper confirm a highly skewed distribution of citations per journal for all investigated cohorts—quantified by several measures to approach this phenomenon from different angles.	5
We see that the cluster (n = 804) represented by Investigator#1 (Dr Kao) is only superior to the cluster of Investigator#9 (Dr Keller) (n = 25).	4
In this article, the authors describe the Vanderbilt Institute for Clinical and Translational Research's (VICTR's) development and implementation of a semiautomated process through which publications are automatically detected in PubMed and adjudicated using a "just-in-time" workflow by a known pool of researchers (from Vanderbilt University School of Medicine and Meharry Medical College) who receive support from Vanderbilt's Clinical and Translational Science Award.	1
To illustrate this point I utilize a common method to get an indication of the potential usefulness of a predictor/prediction model by examining prediction accuracy and prediction errors: Receiver Operating Characteristics (ROC) analysis (Fawcett, 2006).	3
This type of analysis can inform collection development decisions and can be used to assess the strength of the library collection.	5
Models were built from cross sectional data plus panel data models combining longitudinal and cross-sectional data.	3
The model employs multiple linear regression, specifically a linear probability model, due to the dependent variable policy_citedi,t,j being a binary variable.	3
Panel A supports the hypothesis that greater email use is associated with greater collaboration for both settings.	0
One possible explanation could be the extreme urgency of making research output widely accessible.	0
We found that QHC sizes varied significantly from the smallest (CiteSeerX) containing 8,401,126 hits to the largest (Google Scholar) containing 389,000,000 hits.	4
Also, the comparisons are not performed with the purpose of competition but rather with the goal of working towards narrowing gap as universal accessibility should benefit all.	0
Results show that for small teams (≤5 authors), the likelihood of placing the most junior author first has been increasing since the nineties.	4
Citations measure an aspect of scientific quality: the impact of publications (A.F.J.	1
Liwen Vaughan is a Professor in the Faculty of Information and Media Studies at the University of Western Ontario.	0
Additionally, Pearson correlations pointed out that countries with high GDP tend to make more contributions to the field of immunotherapy for sepsis.	5
RQ2: Can the percentile-based approach method be used to improve the period representativeness in the selection of a sample of papers from a specific research field or journal?	1
The single-institution article is the major component, and then domestic multi-institution article, and multi-country article.	4
Denoting the fitness of nation i as fi and the complexity of domain a as ca, the algorithm starts from evenly distributed values f(0) = 1 Vi and c) = 1 da.	3
In total, 29 peaks with 48 peak papers are presented and discussed.	4
JISTaP benefits from both financial and technical support of its parent, although this can restrict its ability to make changes and use alternative technologies.	5
Our identification strategy uses the particular (and peculiar) promotion system from assistant to full professorship for economists in the public university system in France.	3
For grants, the cross-disciplinary ratio moved from .38 in 2007 to .51 in 2010, an increase of 34%.	4
On top of these six packages, we included all publications citing at least one of the following codes: Abinit, BigDFT, Casino, Conquest, CP2K, Crystal, Dacapo & ASE, Empire, EPW, Exciting, FHIaims, FreeON, GPAW, JDFTx, NWChem, Octopus, Onetep, PySCF, QBOX, QMCPack, QuantumATK, RMG, TransSiesta, Wien2K and Yambo.	2
Purpose: To (1) identify the top 50 most cited articles related to rotator cuff repair surgery, (2) determine whether there was a correlation between the top cited articles and level of evidence, and (3) determine whether there was a correlation between the top cited articles and study quality.	1
The subject of the investigation is the quality of academic legal research.	1
The extremely positive evaluation (83.14%) of the self-cited by inventor/applicant citation pattern proves our H2a hypothesis: Scientific papers self-cited by inventor/applicant are the best measure of linkage between science and tech- nology.	4
This paper analyses the publication patterns of researchers in the field of applied sciences at Universities of Technology in South Africa.	1
In this study, we analyze cross-national papers indexed in SCIE, SSCI, and A&HCI databases, published between 2012 and 2021, and affiliated respectively with pairs of four nations: the US, China, the United Kingdom, and Australia.	1
So, the assortative matching hypothesis in the French case is confirmed in our sample of academics.	4
Although original articles and literature reviews are the main kinds of literature used for scientific communication and research dissemination, letters to the editor are increasingly having a major function in scientific publishing.	5
Table 5 Distribution (%) of interviewees by geographical area of employment and opinions expressed on work experience abroad	0
As pointed out in Table 2, the most used tools are ResearchGate-Academia.edu, used by 3097 respondents (50.4%), and LinkedIn, used by 2326 respondents (37.9%).	4
Citation data have been collected up to week 39 (August) 2014, considering a citation window of more than 2.5 years.	2
JOURNAL OF THE AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY, 60(6):1097-1117, 2009	0
Here we examined the titles of articles and their citation rates provided by Google Scholar for the first author.	2
We conducted a retrospective cohort study of pediatric residents who graduated from the Medical University of Marseille in France over a 20-year period (1996-2015).	2
Received 15 March 2019; Received in revised form 27 January 2020; Accepted 14 February 2020	0
Factor analysis, similar to Principal Component Analysis, searches for one or more latent/unobserved variables that best explains joint variation within a group of variables.	3
The transcriptions were exported into NVIVO 12 for further analysis and theme construction.	3
Journals that have publications in both 2014 and 2015 and also appear in the 2016 edition of JCR are considered in this study (A specific journal's title in WoS may not be identical to that in JCR, so manual checking is needed during the journal selection process).	2
There was also no difference in the mean level of evidence (3.92 vs.	4
We gathered the CASCON co-authorship data from the ACM Digital Library for each paper published since the first CASCON in 1991, to 2014 including title, year, and authors' names.	2
This grounded study investigated the negotiation of authorship by faculty members, graduate student mentors, and their undergraduate protégés in undergraduate research experiences at a private research university in the northeastern United States.	1
Lower-income nations participate very little in COVID-19 research in 2020.	4
What are the major themes in journal outputs?	1
The highest cited articles were all research reports.	4
Of the 459 journal titles from our initial list, only 1 title was indexed in MEDLINE.	4
The bibliometric data of the study comes from the WoS Core Collection database.	2
To calculate the novelty of a paper, we followed the NoveltyU approach outlined by Uzzi et al. (2013).	3
Emergency medicine in South Korea started about 20 years ago, but academic productivity, indicated by at least ten articles annually in highly cited journals, was only achieved in the last five years.	5
In conclusion, the past 45 years of JBR have positioned it as a well-respected journal in marketing and business research frequently pursued for its academic excellence involving topics that are recognized as “classics” in the respective disciplines.	5
Forty-eight documents (7.4 %) were published in Journal of Ethnopharmacology, whereas 14documents (2.2 %) were published in East African Medical Journal.	4
First, we calculated the evaluation bias as the percentage of rejected manuscripts among those 125 manuscripts with the highest Qs values, i.e.	3
The per capita downloads grow with GDP, as well as with the share of researchers in the workforce.	4
We would like to thank the three referees for their comments.	0
The study provided an insight into how STEM researchers assessed the importance of mapping societal interactions as a background for describing research impact, including which indicators are useful for expressing societal relevance and impact.	4
Seventeen of the 20 conservation journals offer an open access option, but fewer than 5% of the papers are available through open access.	4
The number of countries involved in producing UWS output has increased as well as the fraction of publications produced in international collaboration.	4
For each indicator a growth rate was computed over the years, based on the outcomes of a linear regression, with the indicator as the dependent and the year as independent variable, and by dividing the regression coefficient by the journal's mean annual score.	3
This figure indicates that Medicine, Engineering, Chemistry, Agricultural and Biological Sciences, Computer Science, and Earth and Planetary Sciences dominated the areas of research contributions by the Iraqi-Kurds academicians.	4
Distributions of the Annus Mirabilis are similar on both levels and in three contexts.	4
Key findings for manuscript parameter trends included increased specificity of detail, range of manuscript types and research designs accepted, and average manuscript length.	4
In other words, discoverability, initiated by lower search costs, boosted overall citedness of papers and in particular beyond their own field.	5
Our analysis is based on Tight's (2004) research thematic framework, to which we added internationalization as a theme due to its growing influence in higher education, massive worldwide interest, and increasing number of publications on the topic (see Kehm and Teichler 2007).	3
Scientists tend to be busy and certainly cannot spare too much time for interviews.	0
The use of the harmonic mean of the ranks may be seen as rewarding or penalizing widely-varying rankings across alternative RAMs.	5
Deep learning, digital agriculture, object detection, blockchain, and semantic segmentation have been identified as trending topics in smart agriculture.	4
The term "malnutrition" was searched on the Thomson Reuters Web of Science citation indexing database and research platform on March 29, 2020.	2
International cooperation relationship is not strong enough in this journal.	5
Bivariate correlation coefficient has considered, a high Pearson's (r) found between JIF and SNIP (r = 0.928), while the lowest correlation recorded between JIF and H5 Value (r = 0.411).	3
To this end, this study utilized a co-occurrence matrix (Co-occurrence/Co-word Matrix), which is one of the techniques used to identify the relationship between keywords in keyword-based semantic network analysis for unstructured text analysis.	3
For only two studies all authors met the three authorship criteria.	4
After the execution of this method, as can be seen in Figure 5, the best value of k-clusters is 4 for both isolated and k-window scenarios, respectively (see Figure 5a,b).	4
Low overlap rates of Chinese most productive authors between WoS and VIP were found in disciplines that are the most international in scope.	4
The results show that engineering has high immediacy citation rate, citation peak-time, and citation half-time.	4
The obtained results are also consistent with the laws of success by Barabási and the Mathew effect by Merton.	5
The journal categories and the number of journals in each category are: Astronomy & Astrophysics (56); Biology (85); Engineering, Aerospace (27); and History & Philosophy of Science (56).	2
Aside from the geographic consideration, the selection of Latin American countries entailed two criteria of inclusion—that the country produced at least 1,000 documents in the subject area Medicine, and 100 in the category Public Health, during the period 2003–2011.	2
The search was performed in Scopus (Elsevier, Netherlands), the largest abstract and citation database of peer reviewed literature.	2
As the number of co-authors indicates a sufficient amount of collective, this study used the number of co-authors as the independent variable to measure CI in the regression analysis [3,58].	3
Respondents were asked to indicate the importance of certain motivational factors in their decisions to seek research collaborators, strategies for finding research collaborators with their relative success rates, and the outcomes of past and present collaborations.	3
Each row in the figure represents a single feature, and these features are sorted according to contribution level.	0
In General, the Ural Federal University has a positive dynamics, which is represented, on the one hand, by a decrease in the share of migrating scientists in the context of brain drain, on the other hand, by attracting foreign specialists to implement joint projects.	5
It is observed that the majority (3860 authors; 87.3%) shared only one article; therefore, these existing data do not fit with Lotka's law (Fig.	4
Criteria for pro- motion to leadership positions in academic surgery are poorly defined.	0
Interestingly, we do not always observe that a new generation of eminent scholars takes the place of the older one.	5
Comparison between the IF and the Eigen factor (EF) as well as the SJR yielded negative correlation (r = -0.46) and (r = -0.35) respectively.	4
The purpose of this study was to analyze articles published in the Journal of the Korean Academy of Nursing (JKAN) between 2010 and 2019, along with those published in three international nursing journals, to improve JKAN's international reputation.	1
In other words, current research assessments are inadequate and ignore practices which are essential in contributing to the advancement of science.	5
We distinguish two forms of manipulation-unjustified self-citing and unjustified reciprocal citing-and find evidence of both within a bibliometric dataset.	3
Inductive analysis of the 80 clusters, documented in Table 2, identified six major domains of scholarship: Care Settings, Disease or Care Groups, Education, Interprofessionality, Regulation, and Workforce (Table 3).	4
Thus, one of the key predictions made by the ‘close to zero’ FV gradient arcs proved itself as an immediate alarm.	4
We regress these two outcomes on an indicator variable for having an advisor of the same gender.	3
Furthermore, except that usage rate is incapable to measure usage, other indicators showed reliable results so far but can be tested more on other disciplines.	5
RQ2: What can be done to improve the peer-review process?	1
Total research investment for all three diseases was ￡1.4 billion, and was greatest for HIV (￡651.4 million), followed by malaria (￡518.7 million) and tuberculosis (￡239.1 million).	4
We contribute to scholarship on personality and productivity by showing not only that personality matters, but when and for whom.	1
Felix de Moya Anegon: Collected the data, Contributed data or analysis tools.	0
We found that preprints are frequently cited in research articles on COVID-19 published in the world's leading medical journals.	5
interviews (387 min) were manually transcribed by the project team and analysed via “Grounded Theory” (Strauss and Corbin, 1999; Strübing, 2018).	3
From the network perspective, there are 58,122 establishments as nodes and 142,086 collaborations as links.	2
These patents where obtained by performing a lexical extraction on patents containing nanotechnology related keywords.	2
Res. due to its smaller sample size (n = 492) than other counterparts (i.e., 41,181, 12,793, and 1464).	4
The study reveals that most contributions were made by teaching professionals in comparison to working library and information officers.	4
Respondents reported a mean of 29.8 KL2 positions (95% CI 17.5-42.2) during their award period, with a mean of 2.8 (95% CI 1.8-3.8) awarded to child health investigators.	4
The citation statistics for top-ranked journals as obtained by the subjective method are collected, including impact factors (2012 and five-year impact factors), h-indices, and g-indices.	2
We use a Swedish author disambiguated dataset consisting of 48.000 researchers and their WoS-publications during the period of 2008–2011 with citations until 2014 to investigate the relation between productivity and production of highly cited papers.	2
For the survey of practising lawyers, a random selection of members of the Swiss Bar Association (Schweizerischer Anwaltsverband, SAV) was questioned.	2
